If Dean didn't have to breathe, he's pretty sure Cas wouldn't let him, with the way he's desperately clinging to him, sealing his mouth to Dean's and pressing himself tight against Dean's chest. When Dean does break away to breathe, Cas just presses heated kisses to his jaw and whispers his name like a chant.
Folks I am SO sorry I haven't had the brainpower to reply to your amazing comments. I'm so grateful for all of them, though, thank you, you're all wonderful. Hopefully gonna scrape myself off the ground and become capable of forming coherent thoughts again soon. Thanks also to Riss, as always, for being my second pair of eyes and helping me edit.
Dean's chest aches, remembering a future that never came to pass. A flightless angel who willingly followed him to the literal end of the earth, to his own death.
He doesn't speak for the next twenty miles, the quiet only breaking again so he can gently direct Dean down the side roads the voice on Dean's phone claimed would take them to where Castiel theoretically waits for them.
"Uh-huh, yeah—"
"Hello!" He waves. It occurs to Dean that the kid is a little like Castiel's cartoon sidekick, when he's not being completely terrifying. Then again, Cas is pretty good at being terrifying too.
"Ignoring the fact that you just said the words 'lipstick lesbian,' and the fact that apparently you think
They find the pair waiting in line for the Berry-Go-Round, a ride where people sit inside strawberry-shaped cars that spin in circles on a track. "Excuse me," Cas says, and the child in the yellow cap looks up at him with wet brown eyes and tear-streaked cheeks. Cas kneels down to their level, holding the shark out towards them. "I think your friend Jaws wanted to ride with you."
"More lying."
Cas is here you can relax
"You live on this block?"
"I do... check in on you, from time to time, Dean. The fight demands most of my time and attention, but that doesn't mean I don't—" Cas breaks off, head moving in uncertain little tics. "You've been ensorceled. Are you well?"
Sam steps up to squeeze Cas's shoulder, offering a little smile. "We've got your back."
She giggles, because she and Dean are the same kind of insane, apparently. "Classic."
"He, he doesn't—" Dean protests, but breaks off into a moan when Thien licks his thumb and presses it to Dean's clit.
He's been drunker, but he definitely spilled a little more of his guts than he would have if he'd indulged a little less. That's probably true of Charlie, too, because she'd been keeping pace with him, and she's built like a hummingbird. He doesn't know how he should feel about it. It's kind of a relief, just having most of it out there. Not all of it, because Charlie would have needed a week and three times the booze to get the extended edition of Dean's bullshit. He sort of feels like he's just jumped out of a plane, and he's sailing along with his parachute, but he's not sure where he's gonna land yet. Or if he's gonna break something doing it.
"You were—" Dean breaks off, letting Cas push him down to the bed. "You were so fuckin' awesome."
In the space of his hesitation, Dean moves, going to his knees. He bunches up the abandoned trenchcoat as a cushion. Cas holds his breath when Dean looks back up at him, embarrassed, but trusting himself to Cas's mercy.
Dean snorts. "I think she probably just wants one of you."
"Not really, no."
"Just normal! Nothing weird happened, you don't… you don't look… weird, or anything?"
"What?" Dean says, then, "Shut up."
"Okay, you say that, but then you're also making all these shitty jokes about it! Cas just got back, we shouldn't be making him—uh—making him uncomfortable with, you know, how he looks. What— who he is. Whatever. And—" Sam makes a frustrated sound and lowered his voice even further. "I know you don't like Jack..."
"I don't know what you did, but…"
"No big thing," Dean says, ducking his head. How he manages to look so bashful painted with come, Cas doesn't know. "I mean, I'm prolly gonna blow my load in like, two seconds, anyway, so, like—uh, yeah."
"It's Jack."
"He's a smart kid," Sam says. "He had his future all planned out. And this, all this… being a prophet, it upended his whole life. I mean, I get it. I used to want to run away, too." His face is pale, his lips thin, and he won't look up from his hands, clasped in his lap as he slumps. Something in Dean rages.
. I mean, look at me. I tried doin' what he told me. I tried gettin' out. I tried being a family man on for size. Told myself that was the life I wanted."
When he goes to brush his teeth the next morning, he realizes why Lisa never allowed herself to fall asleep without washing her face. Jesus Christ, he looks like Courtney Love banged it out with a raccoon. It takes a lot of scrubbing to get most of the makeup off, and even then, he's not totally barefaced. Note to self, the end-of-evening beauty rituals have a purpose.
"I don't guess your dreamy angel pal Castiel could flap in and heal him, huh?"
He turns the faucet off. When he dresses and walks back out into the room, all Sam cares about is what he saw in the nest. Like he saw anything but cages full of girls tortured into being feral animals. That could have been him, if he were just a little weaker, a little less prepared. That was almost him.
He's hot and wet inside, clenching down around his fingers like he wants them deeper. Dean angles Cas's hips so he can lean them both to the side, allowing him more leverage to really fuck Cas in earnest, his shoulder working in time with Castiel grinding down against his tongue.
“Good. I’m glad Dean” Sam hid his smile by putting away the last package of Kraft Dinners.
Dean worked on the Impala well into the afternoon, his neck now well and truly sunburnt, the clanks of his tools against the metal guts of the car and the low tunes of the classic rock station being the only sounds in the otherwise quiet salvage yard. Dean would hum along to most of the songs absentmindedly as he worked, this was the closest he had felt something akin to happiness in a long while. The hours ticked by fast and he was late to pick Sammy up from school. Having yet to reassemble all the components for the new water pump, he borrowed Bobby’s truck, a monstrosity from ‘85 that complained violently every time you tried to accelerate past 25mph.
“Something troubling you,” Cas said more as a statement than a question. Dean looked at him taking another big drag of his cigarette, blowing the smoke away from Cas.
“Dude you’re weird” Dean shrugged. “That’s alright I’ll tell you everything you need to know, but that means I get to be Batman, for now, you’re Robin cus you're my student in the fight against crime” Dean’s grin filled his whole face when he looked at Cas. “ Next time we play we can pretend to be Captain Kirk and Spock on the Enterprise”
By lunch, Cas is grateful his headache is mostly gone. Charlie, now sat next to him reading a massive copy of the LoTR-trilogy, had given him a painting she had made ( it was a cartoon version of himself riding a bumblebee) for his birthday. Jo had buried her nose in a teen magazine, answering a “Find Your New Style”-quiz, while absent-mindedly chewing on a butterfly clip. Since sophomore year Jo had gone through multiple style identities, the junior year goth phase had been the most disturbing one thus far. Her current style, inspired by Baby Spice, was now on the chopping block.
“Headache, you don’t happen to have any Advil on you?” Cas groans covering his face with his hands, trying to block out the light. He’d rather not miss any school, his AP classes already kicking his ass and being sent home to face his mother wouldn’t help his headache considering she was the main reason he had one in the first place. He swallows the pill Jo hands him dry.
“YES!  A lesbian,” she said proudly then promptly slumped down on the sofa all her bravado gone.
“Shit that’s my mom, I need to go” Dean grimaced, knowing he’d be in trouble for staying out so late. Dean jumped down and started walking towards the woman “See you tomorrow?!” Dean turned around to shout at Cas.
Dean overheard John tell Bobby that he was planning on taking Sam and Dean and leave town. Dean wanted to scream that they couldn’t leave, what if mom decided to come back? How would she find them if they were no longer living in their house? Dean could feel his tears burn the back of his eyelids. He would have run to his room but he refused to go upstairs in case the stain was still there. So Dean ran out of the house, ran towards the large Oak and kept running until he reached the top of the hill. His breath burning in his lungs.
filled the space, turned on loud enough to sound over the humm of the ancient kitchen hood. Dean was singing along to his favorite song while slicing the potatoes for the casserole.
Jesus Cas! Wear a bell would you?” Cas was standing behind him in the kitchen looking awkward.
They had lived with the singers for only a few days, but already Dean couldn’t wait for his father to call and let him know that he had found a place for only him and Sam. Having Ellen studying him, like she could figure out who he was, discovering how much of a fraud he was, how messed up, just by looking at him hard and long enough. Even worse were those few times he caught her looking at him or Sam with something akin to pity in her eyes, disdain Dean could take, but not pity never pity.
“Have you asked Ash? He might be willing to drive, I’m not tracking back home in the dark again.” Charlie complained. The last time she had to find her way back in the dark, she took a wrong turn and ended up face planting into an overgrown pond. “Where is he btw?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Right. His bedroom in the trailer. Sammy asleep in his own bed behind the wall in the bigger bedroom. With a sigh Dean throws the blankets to the side getting out of bed, pulling on his jeans from the day before, and pads out into the dark hallway past Sammy’s door, one of the floorboards is a bit lose and creaks under his weight, the sound loud in the night.
For a while after Dean’s death, Cas would walk down here with two full cups, only for the coffee in the “Bert and Ernie”- mug to be left next to Cas on the bench to go cold. The person it was intended for no longer there to drink it. Now Cas left the mug empty on the counter in the kitchen.
After uploading the uncheck and unedited chapter last time and didn't realize until a few days later. I want to make sure I don't do THAT mistake again T,T.
“Jo, are you still looking to go to State?” Charlie turned her attention from Ash.
“You sure you’re OK,” Jo asked with a crooked eyebrow, Cas had always envied people who knew how to only crook one eyebrow. When he tried it he just looked either slightly confused or slightly surprised.
“You sleep on the side of the wall,” Dean said handing Cas the quilt from the back of the sofa to use as a blanket. Cas crawled in as close to the wall he could, the wood panel chilly against his arm. Dean laid down next to him switching off the light before doing so. “Night Cas,” Dean muttered before pulling the covers up to his ears, laying on his back.
Somewhere deep in his mind, Dean knew. Knew that bad people, like the men in Sammy’s room, used guns to hurt others. Hurt them really badly, like Batman’s parents outside of the theatre. He knew his mom was dead. Knew it in his gut. He had lost something he could never get back, but if he closed his eyes real tight and wished real hard, he would go back home tonight and his mum would read him a bedtime story like she always did. She'd kiss him on the forehead and tell him that angels were watching over him before turning off the ceiling light and wishing him goodnight. That would never happen again.
“Sam, I swear to God if you don’t drop it” Dean had slammed the cupboard shut. Sometimes he envied how little Sam remembered of their mom and
(See the end of the chapter for
Not for the first time Cas felt the absence of Anna, he hadn’t spoken to her since she had left for boarding school in Switzerland….without telling him. They mustn’t have been as close as he thought, why else would she have left and not tell him? Why didn’t she call? Their mother, every time he asked about his younger sister, would tell him Anna didn’t want to speak to him.
Cas finished the rest of his shower quickly and padded out into the living room, dressed in an AC/DC t-shirt and plaid PJ pants borrowed from Dean. Both of the brothers were plopped down on the sofa watching an episode of some sort of mystery documentary Cas had never seen before.
“Dean-” He silences Cas with his hand. “Anyway so sometimes I have these dreams” he shoves his hands further into the pockets of his leather jacket.
. Cas knew nothing of cars but thought it to be impressive and couldn’t resist running his fingers over the shiny hood.
“Is that so?”
“It’s not fair, why her?” Dean sobbed, all the pent up emotion and pain bubbling to the surface. The only one who could make him feel whole again was his mom, but she was dead, never coming back no matter how much he wished it or how loud the screamed. The thought making Dean cry even harder. “It’s not fair” Dean wailed.
The memorial service was held at their house. Adults, he didn’t recognise, dressed in black would come up to him give him a hug and offer their condolences. All these people crammed into their tiny house made it feel claustrophobic, Dean felt like the air was getting heavier and harder to breathe in.
That’s how they all had ended up in the black car parked out front. Jo, Cas and Ash in the Back with Charlie in the front alongside Dean, she had been mature and called “shotgun” from the porch.
A month later Dean and Sam were driving back towards the town they had left behind ten years earlier. They’d be staying at  Bobby’s until John could get them their own place.
“So no James Bond? How about Indiana Jones? Dirty Harry? Transformers?” Each movie he listed Cas just shook his head no. They reached the guest parking lot where Ash was parked. Charlie, after drinking the coke was able to wobble to the other vehicle with just Jo’s help.
“How-” Cas tried carefully.
Dean didn’t say anything. Cas settled back against the car and they finished the now cold tea and watched as the sun came up. By the time Dean suggested they head inside Cas’ fingers were so stiff he could barely hold on to the mug.
“Now we'll be able to move out of the Singer’s study,” Dean said with an overconfident grin.  Judging by Sam’s pout he was not on the same page as the elder Winchesters sentiment, Ellen had taken on a motherly role when it came to Sammy, which he had been all too quick to accept. They drove home under a comfortable silence, only the sound of the dying engine and road under their wheels, the knob on the radio had been stuck on a Christian Gospel channel so Dean had turned the whole thing off in frustration.
“Sam is a sweetheart, don’t see much of Dean since Bobby gave him a job he spends all his time at the garage. The little I do see of him, he's a complete dick." Jo blushed " Anyway. They’re moving out in a few days, apparently, their old man found them a place. I keep hearing my mom argue with Bobby about it” Jo said turning back to the table.
CAS POV:
He had gone back to the restaurant the day after his and Sam’s visit to apply for the open bar staff position. The bar manager, Pam, had eyed him up and down before telling him to come in the next evening for his trial shift. After lying about his age, he was hired and worked a few nights a week.
Again this isn't betad, so the mistakes are all my own. Spell check and  The free version of Grammarly helps a lot but dyslexia is a mighty opponent.
Dean pulled his Impala into the driveway of Bobby’s house. It had been the shock of the century when John handed Dean the keys to his beloved chevy and told him it was now his car.
"I know what I'd like to win," Rowena says, her pencil settling down to the table with a gentle click. She smirks across the table at Sam, who immediately turns his attention to Dean.
"Dean," she says. Here it comes. "If we give Rowena time to heal, she might be able to help us with something important down the line."
This ride is much gentler than the others, the shouts and laughter of the fair's guests growing more distant the higher they rise. Dean's gazing out at the grounds, sitting across from him in the car rather than next to him. Cas mourns the loss of contact, but their knees touch when Dean grows careless, and Cas can't argue with the view. In the growing dark, the lights of the fair spreading out below them glitter in Dean's eyes like a cluster of stars. He looks impossibly beautiful.
"I, um. I had a dream about you," Dean says, his lips brushing Castiel's ear. "You looking like, y'know. An angel. No vessel."
He misses whatever motions result in Charlie's arms squeezing around his ribcage, her chin digging into the meat of his shoulder. When he looks down, it's just a mop of red hair.
"Great. Rowena didn't run off with Jack and make him murder anyone, so call that a win." Dean looks down to fire off a scandalized text to Cas before he reaches for his foil-wrapped burger, too antsy to sit down while he eats it.
"'M fine," he says around the mouthful.
Charlie hums, and draws her knees up to her chin. "Tell me if I'm wrong, but… was this your first time with a...?"
John was just getting the keys in the lock when Dean said, "I like your dress." The woman looked over at him and smiled a red Coca-Cola smile.
"No, no, it's okay,
Dean sighs, letting his head tilt forward until it collides with the steering wheel, pressing a hard line into his forehead. He has no idea what the fuck to say to that, because Cas is right— he had been purposefully avoiding her. That doesn't mean he wants to her fuck off and vanish on him. His phone blips before he can figure out an answer.
To their left, a burst of unfamiliar laughter and catcalls startles him. He yanks his head back, knocking it against the roof of the car. Someone's seen them. Of course someone has, he thinks furiously, because he and Cas are making out in the fucking parking lot where
"For what?"
"Cas," Dean says, warm and heavy, slumped against his shoulder. "Cas, man, I got that waitress's number for you. Y'remember, Cas? She wrote 'er number on the receipt for you, buddy."
jokes, he knows it.
to understand what it's like for someone else. Do you, uh…" Dean backs down off the chair, bare feet shuffling on the grubby carpet. "Masturbate?"
"No. We talked about this."
"Oh, you're up," Sam says. He's making the same face he did when Dean caught him snooping around Bobby's
"Fuckin' finally," Dean says, and then Cas is being kissed.
. Thanks again, everyone.
"'This'? You mean Cas? At what point did I indicate that I wasn't cool about this? I think I'm taking it pretty damn well, all things considered."
"If not, maybe me and Sam can get back to our roots, do a little B 'n E," Dean says. Jack tilts his head in a way that recalls Castiel so strongly it briefly makes Dean think he's got double vision. "Breaking and entering," he explains.
He feels the sharp press of Charlie's shoulder into his bicep. Her hand slips into his, squeezing. His jaw trembles, and he shuts his eyes tight, willing it to stop. She lets him breathe, gives him time to collect himself. The kitchen is quiet, aside from the faint ticking of the clock on the far wall, and the low hum of the fridge.
. "That, that wasn't his fault, that was
Jack, dejected, is gazing at his pencil, but he smiles faintly when addressed. "Rowena's told me a lot about Lucifer."
He's ready to scream when he finally finds one that actually sort of works. It's
"You really don't have a problem with that? You're just gonna give up? You wanna be a drunk who just peaces out when things get too hard?"
"Took a shower," Dean says, and points at his wet hair to emphasize. Castiel nods, then finally seems to catch on that she needs to step aside to let Dean into his own room. Of course, rather than step back, she just invites herself inside, hovering near Dean's desk while he takes his clothes back and empties his travel bag so he can refill it with dirty laundry. "Anything else?"
"What?"
Sam huffs, his jaw working. "Does that back-up plan involve tricking a bunch of kids into doing blood sacrifices? That how you got juiced back up?"
This is the easy part, now that he knows where they stand. He's good at this part.
"You know," Bobby says. "My first girlfriend turned out to be a man."
When Cas opens her eyes again, Dean's heart stops for a second.
"Yes you can. You can. I want you to." Castiel's nose nudges his. He breathes out. Dean breathes in.
"She really did," Sam says with a grimace. He gives Dean a measuring look. "Hey, um."
Dean smothers a frustrated noise, trying to focus on the damn movie. Him and Benny, that was never gonna work out. Not long term. Sam was never gonna go for it, and Sam would always have to come first. And Jesus fuck, he really sounds like a girl now, because what did he think, he and Benny were gonna go steady? They fucked a handful of times. That was it. It's not like Benny was in love with him. Christ.
He sighs, running his hand back through his hair. Right, why would he expect anything else? He tamps down the swell of hurt in his chest, steeling his jaw. He's gotta hit the road before the day's all gone.
And Sam was right. He
"Yeah, I want," Dean says, and rolls his eyes. He looks over to Cas to see if there really is anything he should be worried about, or if Sam is just being weird about something stupid, and finds that she's watching him again and running her fingers over the tail of her braid, just as she'd done the night before. Dean's throat feels tight. Sleep gunk or something. "Uh, how's the hair working out for you now?"
But he shouldn't take it too far, even if him and Lisa have called it quits for real. Accepting one drink doesn't mean it has to go anywhere intentional. It occurs to him that worrying about Lisa shouldn't be his primary objection to letting a guy pick him up, but it's the first one that comes to mind.
The thing is, Dean knows he's been a shit to Sam. He knows. He told him not to bother getting attached to the little friends he made in school, because it's not like they were gonna remember Sam when they didn't have an address to write to or a yearbook picture to look at. He told him not to worry so much about getting good grades, because it wasn't like they were gonna mean anything in the long run. And when Sam had confided in him that he'd taken the SAT, that he'd applied for some scholarships, that he had been accepted to three different schools, instead of telling him good job, that he was proud of him, he'd yelled at him about spending their money on the applications, because he knew he was gonna have to come up with the difference somehow or else Dad was gonna find out. And Christ, if their dad found out, Dean knew he was gonna go nuclear.
"What happened to the lights?" Cas croaks. Dean just laughs harder, sitting back on his heels and wiping his chin. The alarm clock on the bedside table is flashing green,
playing over the stereo, filling the haunting silence of their home. Emma had tried to convince him to move out and in with her and her family, if not, at least closer to town. (
“Hm- Yeah, sure sounds good” Even after almost four years he still found it surprising that Jo wanted to include him whenever they did anything after school.
“Dean?” Sam said carefully
“Dean?”
Cas was sitting under the Oak reading one of the Batman comics Dean had given him. He had to hide it under his mattress so his parents couldn’t find it. He was starting to get worried, he hadn’t seen Dean in weeks. Cas had almost biked over to his house to knock on the door but didn’t want to be rude and show up uninvited.
Cas found it impossible to fall asleep, he was acutely aware of the boy sleeping next to him, making relaxing close to impossible. It wasn't made easier by Dean tossing and turning, whatever he was dreaming about must be unpleasant. The covers tangled around his legs and arms Dean tried to free his limbs in his sleep. Cas reached out to place his hand on the other's shoulder in an effort to ease the dream and offer some comfort. After a while Dean stilled under his hand, his body heat radiating into Cas through his palm. He knew he should remove his hand, and he would, just not yet.
“Nah I already did. Couldn’t sleep” Dean said dismissively, to which Sam just shrugged. Him having insomnia wasn’t anything new.
Today, three years ago, he had to bury Dean. The pier used to be Dean’s favourite spot as well, he had used to come down here before daybreak, just to watch the sun come up. (During the summer he would fish before the sun drove them to dive deeper into the darkness of the water where they'd be safe)  Cas would join him an hour or so later with two cups of coffee. They'd sit there enjoying the comfortable silence that at times fell between them. No words were needed to convey how they felt in those moments, perhaps there were no words that that would have been enough. They'd just listen to the soft sound of the water lick the base of the pier until Dean would lean in to plant a kiss on his cheek asking if he wanted breakfast.
He hadn’t lied when he told Cas, that Bobby had basically threatened him into taking Friday-Sunday off, which had already put him on edge, but then when he realized what the date was it had pushed him over it. The anniversary of his mom’s funeral had been a few days prior, when he had gone home, Sammy had instantly known he was upset and it hadn’t taken the brainiac long to figure out what it was and then nagged him to talk about it.
They quickly assembled and lit a bonfire as it slowly got darker around them. The light from the fire cocooning them in a snow globe of light.
Cas was tired despite having just woken up he could feel the tiredness in his soul. He had felt himself grow wearier and wearier, ever since Dean’s death. If he closes his eyes he can still hear Dean’s laugh carry over from the garage, where he'd work, first on his own car later on multiple others when his body shop took off.
They made french toast for breakfast (Cas on dipping duty and Dean was manning the pan) and brewed a pot of coffee and okay Cas had to admit if he put enough sugar in his, it took away the bitterness, and made it drinkable. They didn’t mention what they had talked about outside again, but Dean did seem a bit lighter in spirit and maybe, he did too.
Cas was perplexed. Next time? Had he finally made an actual friend? Most other children found him too weird to hang out with, even his older brothers, with perhaps the exception of Gabriel, preferred to play without him. Dean seemed like a nice kid and he hadn’t made fun of Cas yet as all the other kids at his private primary school did. Cas climbed higher to catch Dean.
Arriving in a new town, surrounded by new people with new expectations and starting anew was something Dean Winchester was accustomed to. It was all he had known for the majority of his life. Moving to a new town, city or state, never really belonging anywhere was how he had grown up. Never making any genuine connections or relationships, never getting to know people well enough for him to care whether or not he disappointed them or not. It made everything so much easier when John unavoidably packed up their life again and moved them to the next town. Saying the whispers and looks they would never bother him would’ve been a lie, he had become an expert in converting in up, throw on a come-hither-smile and a charming persona got you far if you didn’t stick around long enough for people to see through your facade.
With the money from both the garage, what he made at the bar, and to his surprise, John had remembered to send the rent money on time, Dean had enough to buy actual groceries and to put some in savings. (Good thing too Sam was going to need a whole new wardrobe, the kid kept growing like a weed)
That’s why he was so surprised when he looked up and saw Dean panting a few feet away from him. Dean was dressed in a white dress shirt, black dress trousers and a skinny black tie. Cas’ smile died when he realised that Dean was crying. Cas shot to his feet.
“Fuck Dean, go be with your brother. I was told they had sent the cleaning crew already” Dean just nodded at his dad’s words, turning around to walk back down to the car in a daze. Dean stopped mid-way down the steps to take a picture off the wall. It was of him when he was 3, his mom hugging him from behind, kissing his cheek.
“Of course not, I’m sorry. I am going for a run” Cas’ replied, struggling to keep the annoyance out of his voice. He wasn’t one to hate anyone, but he strongly disliked his step-father. He didn’t wait to hear what else he had to say as he hurried out the door and if he closed it a bit too loudly, so be it.
“Oh, don’t tell me your life is the poster for a Hallmark movie” Dean poked him in the arm, teasingly. Cas squinted at Dean, not sure what kind of answer he was expecting. “I guess my mother can be a bit overbearing and my step-father he’s unpleasant” Cas cringed at his own words. Dean huffed a laugh “Family can be rotten”
, it’s all business in the front and party in the back” Ash sipped his beer throwing his legs up on the coffee table. Jo had dug out a CD handing it to Charlie.
Castiel glances sideways at him. “It isn’t standard for family members to change their name to a line with the devil?” He deadpans, causing  Dean to roll his eyes and laugh. Cas was looking at him again, in that intense way he looked at people.
Charlie returned to her book, Jo was consulting Ash about her style quiz dilemma, while Cas let his thoughts wander freely, he focused on the sounds around him, the steady hum of students and the drone of voices overlapped, making individual words indistinguishable from each other the murmur the same as always. It was a wried thought, to think, how High School seemed so important. Like it was the end all be all and college was just some far off dreamland that didn't
Dean shot up in his bed, his heart hammering in his chest and it took multiple deep breaths to calm him enough to realize where he was. Wood panel walls, ugly green carpet, dresser, the window next to him. The clock on his nightstand read 3.45 am.
My life is a bit of a mess, I'm 2 months away from being homeless and I can't pay my credit card, so if you feel like you're falling apart just look at me and you can feel better about your own life.
The meal only made Dean feel more miserable. Sam was quizzing Cas about his college plans, which AP classes he should take, and which weren’t as important. Cas was answering all Sam’s questions and even offered to bring his old AP assignments for Sam to look at. Listening to his best friend and little brother discuss their future plans only highlighted his own lack of future, even though it’d be years until Sam left, Cas would be gone by next September.
"I don't have a preference," Castiel says, still too busy smiling at Jack, taking in the face he hasn't been able to see until now. "Gender has never had the same importance to angels that it does to humanity. If my appearance means it's easier for you to think of me as a woman, it makes no difference to me."
Cas just frowns at her, at a loss. Dean doesn't really know what to say either, because last he heard, he was pretty sure Rowena was a smoking pile of bones crushed under Lucifer's heel.
"Yes, yes, I understand," Rowena says. "If I hurt your family, la-di-da, stabby stab-stab. Just let me give you a wee little prick, and it's all over."
Dean gives in after a little arguing. Normally he wouldn't let a woman pay for him, but he's already paid for his food and his other drinks, and it's not like he can call on his masculine pride as an excuse. Also, frankly, it's a relief not to dip even further into his remaining funds. Baby's his dream girl, but she's also a gas guzzler.
He could say, "You're wrong." That something is broken in him, has been broken so long he can't trace it back to when it happened. That Cas fixed his body, but the soul he stuffed in it was cracked, and always had been.
Dean turns to look at her, then, feeling some of the calm weariness seeping back into his limbs. He sees her more clearly now, without his heart in his throat. It's been around a year since they met, on what he can guess was probably the worst day of Jody's life, because that's usually the case in his line of work. He hasn't asked if she's been all right, but he can guess that too. She's working the night shift, with new lines by her mouth and dark circles under her eyes, and she's wasting her time worrying about his dumb ass.
There's a soul right there on the rack, all lined up, all strapped down, waiting for him to leave his mark there, too.
"Dean—"
"If you wanna, go have fun. Or I can give you a ride home if you need one," Dean says, offering her an out.
"Benny?" Dean glances up to see the worried look on her face. Evidently she remembers Dean mentioning him. His stomach turns.
He smothers it with his best smile, the one he usually pulls on waitresses and co-eds. "Whiskey, neat."
"I gotta pair of clippers," Dean says. "Would that work better?"
"No," Cas says, and takes a step away. Dean's stomach sinks. Right, of course, he should have known better. He'd be surprised if Cas ever let him close again after the way he's been acting.
"I think I found a case!"
"Okay. What happened to Castiel, then?"
"A monster?"
Dean must be old, if stuff from when he was a high schooler has looped back around to being cool again. "This is my family."
When he pulls back, Cas looks stunned. Dean's eyes fall to his open lips, a perfectly round O, and then down to his charred overcoat, and to his hands, splayed against Dean's chest, the skin cracked and blistered. The indoor shower ceases as suddenly as it started, and Dean gathers Cas's hands up carefully, afraid to hurt him more.
"You have a Facebook, Dean. I've seen your Facebook."
his mind drifts right back to Benny, because Benny had called him brother. Benny had done a lot of things. But he'd never looked at Dean like he was a woman, never treated him like one. And Dean definitely wasn't one anymore, but he thinks now that maybe he'd kinda been thinking of it as playing one without realizing it, until now. He's only got so much experience in that area, and he'd spent most of it just letting guys do shit to him because they looked at him and saw a woman. But Benny wasn't just an anonymous guy who thought he was some slutty barfly. He was
"That bar up the street," Dean says, tight-lipped, shoulders up to his chin. The cruiser eases into drive, creeping along the empty road.
Dean snorts. "I'm sure there's like, half a dozen little geeks in Moondoor that are dying to talk to you about tentacle porn."
"Please," Dean whispers.
He's doing okay chowing down on pad thai and and shooting the shit with her, pointing out each other’s favorite parts, or new parts that Dean hasn't seen yet, up until about the point where Gandalf falls in his fight with the Balrog. Then there's an uncomfortable moment where he's remembering the portal, Cas's hand clasped in his, the slip of it through Dean's sweaty fingers. Gandalf will return, he knows. So did Cas. He's still trying to sort out how he feels about it. It's a blur in his head, a scream of wind, a scrape of rock against his palm, a look of weary resignation on Cas's face.
This has happened to him before, too. Not just since the witch got him. Not very often before last year, but often enough when he was with Lisa that he knows he's not gonna be able to finish.
He stomps his way into the library, which is basically a dining room with a desk and a lot of ramshackle bookshelves. He starts skimming through titles, barely reading them, needing to backtrack and make second passes frequently because he's too worked up to focus. If he had his way, he'd say fuck the whole Campbell clan and Sam too, and just drive straight off to Bobby's instead. Then he thinks about Bobby seeing him like this and he feels sick to his stomach.
"There," she says. "Now that I've got your number, I can always find you."
Dean's seen his whole past lain out by the divine powers manipulating his narrative, all the wars fought to bring him into existence. The dirty deals and the deceit necessary for Sam to have been born. But he knows, he
"I don't think it's stupid," Dean says. "I just think you could find some better role models. Probably just by walking outside and grabbing any random person off the street."
"Yes. Purple. I like purple. And blue, and green."
have a back-up plan."
"Okay, shit, sorry," Dean says, though he thinks the profanity of it is half the fun. "No babies. Unless you wanna adopt, I guess."
"Cas," Dean says, low and rough against his temple. His lips are dry, and they catch against his skin. "Fuck, please don't do that again. I can't take it, man. Not again." His fingertips press into Cas's scalp, scratching though his hair. The feeling tingles through him, light and sharply pleasant. Dean's lips press against his brow, too firm to be anything but deliberate. Cas hasn't felt so buoyant since his wings could still carry him, yet he feels like he would crash to the ground were he not being held firmly upright.
"Well, now you're here," Dean says, squeezing past him to get through the doorway. "How's it going with you? Making any progress?"
"I missed the two of you," she says. "Very much."
He was a time traveler from the 50's and he died. Could have gone better
"Cas? You're back?" Sam's walking in from the hall. Dean sucks in a breath, stepping away and running a hand back through his hair. Fuck. He doesn't know if he should feel relieved or not. Jack's not far behind him, and Dean can see the way Cas reacts a little nervously, now that he's looking for it. He hadn't noticed until now.
He sees Cas's head move. A confused tilt.
Dean considers the point. He pulls a face, conceding, because now that she's spelling it out like that, he definitely gets it. He'd be lying to himself if he said it had never occurred to him that Benny could have drained him dry without breaking a sweat, probably dozens of times. A couple of times Dean might even have let him, though Benny was too good a guy to have gone for it.
Castiel's hand closes around the ring. "I know that," she says. Her hair is in a slightly tidier braid today, after Dean offered to help make her look more presentable. For the case, of course. They stayed at a place in Illinois the night before, and in the morning, while Sam and Jack were getting breakfast, Dean had 'borrowed' Sam's hair brush again, sat Cas down on the bed, and unraveled his earlier work to start fresh. He's a little bit prouder of the end result this time. It's more even, and there are fewer loose strands of hair framing Castiel's face. And if he's still riding high from the way she sighed when Dean gave her scalp a little scratch while separating her hair into sections, that's his business. "I've been married."
He probably left too quickly. That girl will be thinking she did something wrong after all. But she didn't. It's not her fault Dean's screwed up.
The whiskey is right where he left it in the glove compartment, and he takes a long pull, gasping after he swallows, his throat burning.
not to attack you, because I am trying to understand what was going through your head that you decided because— because Cas came back in a woman's— because his body was different, because he looked different, that it's okay for you to just come on to him all the sudden. I don't know if you noticed, man, but Cas really cares about you. Like, he really
Sam looks back over his shoulder, pleading. Dean clenches his teeth.
Charlie purses her lips, but nods once, sharply. "Fine. Okay. But be careful. I'll check in with you."
Sheriff Jody Mills squints at him in the dim light through the open window. "Have we met?"
Cas doesn't say anything. Dean isn't sure if that's better or worse than being asked if he's okay again. Dean yanks his clothes on, beyond caring how much Cas can see. "I'm going outside," he rasps. "Don't wait up."
Dean laughs unsteadily, running his fingers back through his hair. He chews on the inside of his cheeks. "A lot. A lot happened. I dunno if we really broke up, we weren't really…
. He nearly killed me, and I still didn't—" He grits his teeth, holding it back. Charlie doesn't need to hear this.
Whiskey was their dad's old trick for clearing up a head cold. That, and canned soup with enough cayenne pepper added to forcibly vacate your sinuses. He still feels like there's something medicinal about whiskey, even when he's not sick. He doesn't know why Sam's such a prude about it now, because it's not like they ever had enough to get really drunk when they were kids, and it always helped Dean sleep better. Hell, Dean dipping his thumb in a bottle from their dad's stash and letting Sam have a taste was the only thing that got them through the teething years intact. It's not like he'd let a kid drink hard liquor now, but him and Sam weren't like other kids. It was just Dad taking care of them the best way he knew how. It's one of the few memories of him that doesn't turn Dean's stomach now.
Well, if Dean's gonna rely on his hospitality again, he might as well pull his weight. He's spent the last year dividing up chores on a little dry-erase board with gold star magnets and everything, the least he can do here is cook a little bit and do some dishes. He's even learned how to make a few more things that didn't come out of a can. He doesn't know how long he's gonna be here or when Sam might show up with another weird hunting job, but he could probably get Bobby set up with something that'd last him a few days. Maybe a pot roast, those are always good for leftovers.
They do everything short of cutting open the upholstery and taking apart the engine, but there's no sign of a hex bag. Dean swears, kicking the tire, then muttering an apology to the car for it.
"Which movie?" asks Jack. "Can we watch that one when we—"
Dean holds his hand in front of his eyes, wincing away from her. His head shakes, not as an answer, but as a question. The motion makes him heave, his stomach turning. Cas sits, grasping his head in her hands, and cooling energy melts into his temples, rushing over and through him, like drinking a cold glass of water. He instantly feels better, more clear-headed. He's also pissed. He yanks himself away, her hands falling from his face.
"Right," Dean says, and looks across to catch Cas's eye again. Cas, straight-faced and silent, doesn't correct him. He's giving Dean an out, to pretend everything's normal a while longer. Dean's chest aches.
The food is great. Free food always tastes better, of course. In Purgatory, liberated from hunger, he'd had a chance to unlearn his instinct to load up whenever the opportunity presented itself because he was never sure when his luck or his money would run out. His first day back, driving a stolen truck down to Louisiana, he forgot to eat for a day and half before he remembered what the gnawing feeling in his gut was. That first burger he ate like a lion on the Discovery channel would a zebra, lapping up ketchup and grease as it trickled down his aching arm. Benny was still trapped in there, of course. He was practically writhing inside him, the glow of his soul showing bright and pink through Dean's skin, just hidden under the dirty sleeve of his flannel. Could he have felt that?
"The hell's an Ahsoka?" Dean scoffs, and sips his beer. "Wait, shh, you gotta read the opening scrawl."
"How did you even find me?" All the fury has dulled into resignation. He's gonna get it from Sam, too, when he goes back home, and that's an exhausting thought.
you?" Sam has a hand at his side, ready to grab whatever knife he's got stashed the second this encounter goes south.
As soon as he's present again, Cas twists back around to hug Dean's front, cradling Dean's head to his chest. They stay that way for a while, just breathing into each other, letting their sweat cool. Dean's sticky with more than just sweat, but he's not about to pull away before Cas is ready to let him go. Hell, if Cas wants to stay in here all day, he might be convinced to give up food and water for the privilege, though he's realizing he's going to need to use the bathroom soon.
"Family business," Dean says simply. He's gonna need a few more beers in him before he gives her the full story. Lucky for him, she looks at him with interest, but doesn't push for details, and on top of that, she insists on paying for the food and the beer. Dean compensates for the insult to his masculinity by carrying the two twelve-packs over his shoulders up the stairs to Charlie's apartment.
"I'll need a drop of blood from each of you," Rowena says, twirling the sword a little. Dean's throat constricts, and he looks at Cas in alarm.
So that's how Dean ends up making two high-stacked ham and swisses. He slides the first onto a plate and hands it to Jack, then makes a second for himself while Jack eats. And it's… it's actually nice. It's weird, but it's nice, to have Cas back, for Jack to have someone he can talk to that seems to be meeting him on the same level, who can relate to him in a way Dean can't. Jack chatters happily with Cas about the things he's learned since he was born, the things he and the Winchesters have done together, and he smiles, and eats the sandwich Dean made, and tells him it's a very good sandwich. Dean supposes there are worse ways to spend an afternoon.
" Dean drops his shirt, whipping back around to face him. "So, what, she decided I needed to become one with the sisterhood? Am I—" Dread washes over him, cold and leaden. "I'm not gonna get my
. I thought maybe it would be harder. To tell. If someone dies kinda peacefully, like that, in bed, but. Her face was..."
Now, he's surprised to find he doesn't think of Jack as being Lucifer's son first. He's Castiel's. Another weird little person-shaped angel, or half-angel at least, looking at him like his word is gospel. Looking at it through that lens, he feels a tremendous pressure to get it right this time.
"Can of Cheez Whiz. Got a weird craving."
Him and Gwen have more in common than shared ancestors, it turns out. Dean doesn't talk to many people who grew up in the life, like him and Sam, and he's spent the last year pretending he was just your average military brat. A pitcher in, Gwen is loose and talkative and brash, yanking her lip away from her jaw and opening her mouth wide to show Dean the empty gap in the back of her mouth where she'd once had to yank out a rotten tooth.
phase? Is that an anime?"
"He helped us hold a funeral," Sam says. "For you and Kelly."
Bobby spends the afternoon ringing up some of his contacts while Dean tries to repay him by doing some of the chores he knows Bobby's not great at keeping on top of. Bobby holds his hand over the phone while Dean sweeps the floor, muttering, "You don't gotta do that, boy," to which Dean responds, "Shut up, old man," and Bobby smothers a smile in response while Dean keeps doing it. When they were kids, Bobby used to bark at them that this wasn't a motel and he wasn't housekeeping when they turned the guest room they stayed in into a sty. Now, when Dean tries to help him keep things clean, he acts embarrassed, like it's none of Dean's business how he keeps his home.
comes another voice, a shrill command, and the heat bearing down on the side of Dean's face is suddenly gone, leaving only smoke and echos of warmth. He doesn't let go of Cas, who is statue-still in his arms.
Dean recoils. He snatches his hand away, pushing himself off the floor and staggering back a step.
"Enjoy your beauty rest, madam," Bobby says, and stalks off back down the hall to his bedroom.
"It was nothing but oil, salt, and preservatives."
"Where are you boys right now? I think you're gonna have to swing by if we're gonna sort this one out."
"Oh, don't worry. I got nothin' to hide," Sam says, grimacing his way through a shiver. It must be some kind of little brother superpower, being able to give Dean shit while looking like he's about to keel over. "Right Dean?"
"And not just because we're both 'troubled teens'?" Dean says, snorting a laugh. Cas taps him on the head to quiet him.
"Only for a few months, when he was young. He went to Guatemala."
"I want that, too. When you blush, it makes your eyes look so green. You're blushing right now, and I know it's just a natural physiological response, capillaries dilating, increased blood flow, but it's… arresting." Cas cups Dean's chin in his hand, swiping his thumb across his lip. Dean's tongue darts out to meet it. Cas's eyes watch it, dark and heavy. "Your body is so remarkable to me. It's been through so much. I had to put you back together, atom by atom, had to learn every nerve, every bone, every mark on your skin, and all of them, each one is perfect."
After finally pissing like he meant to, a strange and traumatic experience all in itself, Dean dresses himself, more heavily than the weather calls for, layering up with two t-shirts under a henley and a flannel, trying in equal parts to contain and conceal his new rack. If he slouches a little and buttons up his shirt under a jacket, he can almost hide it. His pants, he is dismayed to find, barely fit—he has to leave the top button undone, and squeezing his ass into them is only possible if he lies on the bed with his legs in the air like a fucked up turtle. Sam arrives about twenty minutes after they hang up, which is good, 'cause Dean was about to pace a hole in the carpet. His boots don't fit right anymore, so he has to layer his socks, too.
. He thinks about when he'd tried on that red lipstick, how he'd looked at himself in the mirror and thought,
Dean walks woodenly to the opposite side of the car. He
"Sam said something happened with one of your friends while you were ignoring my texts, you big jerk." Charlie's expression sobers. "That was super cool and vague of him, but I kinda didn't want to push."
"Oh," says Castiel, cheeks pink. And, yeah, that's about where Dean's at, too.
They linger until the water runs cold.
"That's great, Jack," Sam says encouragingly.
"Yeah, all right." Dean covers his face, wincing. He keeps his eyes shut through the sound of clothes rustling, the sink running, and finally, the door opening and closing, followed by heavy silence.
Can we bring real swords
, so for the time being, it might be all right to settle in and make yourself at home, wouldn't you say?"
"Jesus, I dunno, Cas," Dean says, covering his face with his hand, hunched over with an elbow on his knee. "Sex is weird. Your wires get crossed. Sometimes people like getting, you know, called names. Sometimes they like getting slapped. Some people do it with like, harnesses and handcuffs and shit. It doesn't always make sense, it just feels good. But you don't
"I said something… really shitty, before you left, because I was freaked, and that makes me wanna… I feel like if I
"'S probably been a while since you had any alone time, too, eh, Sammy?" Dean goes for playful and teasing, but he feels the brittleness of it. He forces his way through with a grin. "Bat outta hell, you gotta be looking for a little paradise by the dashboard light, yeah?"
He's been thinking about their dad a lot, these days, about how much Dean hears his voice coming out of his mouth when he talks. Ten years ago he might have said that was a good thing. Now there's Jack, looking at him like Sam used to look at him when they were little, like he was looking for Dean's approval, or his guidance, and he can feel his dad's lessons taking over again:
Dean steals a look back to find Castiel's eyes shining. She looks… she looks heartbroken and terribly proud all at once. Dean feels guilt squeezing the breath from his lungs. He had originally thought of Castiel as a victim of brainwashing, courtesy of the antichrist. With everything that's happened since then, he's been forced to wonder if Jack really isn't actually just a lost kid with good intentions and too much strength to get a handle on. Castiel really
Despite everything else, the bunker's a dream come true.
"It's okay, baby. C'mon, let's go."
"I told you, nakedness doesn't bother me like it does you," Cas argues, while Rowena crushes a jarful of dried herbs into a bowl.
He lays in silence for a while before he gives up and pushes himself out of bed.
Dean's ears burn. He nods once, sharply.
did?" Dean whirls on him, anger surging in his blood. "You think this is all on me?"
He can't actually remember the first time his dad put a gun in his hand, held his arm up the right way, taught him how to keep his finger near the trigger but never on it until he was ready to shoot, ready to kill. But he can remember the repetition of it, the constancy of it, the drill of it, every single day until eventually he could do it in his sleep.
What he's realizing about him and Cas is that they've gone through a lot of the work already. Years of knowing a person, you get a pretty good idea of what makes them tick. There's more to uncover, Dean's sure, but Cas has seen the worst parts of him. Same goes for Dean. The main difference now is that when Dean finds himself a hunt and says he's going to go it alone so Sam can stay and watch Rowena and Jack, and Cas calls him a reckless idiot, and Dean calls him a hypocrite in turn, at the end of the day, when the corpses are salted and burned and they kiss and make up, there's a lot more actual kissing involved.
Mina laughs a little, which Dean counts as a good thing, because it's better than looking at him like she's afraid of what he'll say next. She's right to be afraid, though, because his head is a staticky radio flipping through channels of shit he absolutely shouldn't say, like,
"Yeah, I'm feelin' pretty fuckin' inspired right now, man." He grabs Cas's tie where it hangs, wrapping it around his fist and tugging him down. Cas goes willingly, eager for another kiss. He palms Dean's cock through his boxer-briefs, feeling how hard he is just from that, just from having his mouth on Cas. Dean groans, pushing up into Cas's palm. "Please,
he doesn't say, and his stomach twists again at the thought. What's Cas doing right now? Fighting angels? Winning? Losing? He said once he wasn't one for perching on shoulders, but Dean sort of misses always having Cas right behind him. "If you take care of a good car, it'll take care of you too."
"I was, like, twelve, thirteen, and I hadn't ever actually liked someone like that before, but when you're an angry girl, and you don't wear the clothes people think you're supposed to, and you're not interested in the things you're supposed to like, and you're not nice to boys the way they think you're supposed to be, people… decide things. About what you're like, what you—what you are.
is gay as hell. All they do is explore each others' hobbit holes. You win."
"At the Compound, where else would I be?" Sam says, but he sounds cagey. Sam always sounds a little bit cagey, these days, and Dean doesn't know quite what to make of it. He should be overjoyed, having his brother back, but he's not quite over being unsettled yet. "You sound…"
A head peeks out from behind the desk, tearful eyes surrounded by thickly-applied purple eyeshadow. "Jack…? Wh— what are you— who are—"
But maybe the days of Castiel letting Dean push him around are over. Maybe they ended more than a year ago in an alleyway. Apocalypse averted, Cas couldn't get away from him quickly enough. It's kind of a miracle he's still listening at all.
"Yeah, you'll wanna ignore those. Here, let me show you a couple of the places me and Sam hit up for leads."
Dean narrows his eyes, looking at Cas. Rowena shakes her head incrementally. Dean frowns in confusion.
"Now you think what?"
And yeah, some of the guys Dean had thought he was
He works his ass off trying to make sure it's all perfect, grilling the onions and the buns with butter, and making test burgers all morning to make sure he's got the perfect balance of browned and crusty on the outside, juicy and mildly pink on the inside. It pays off when Sam groans into the first bite. Bet a lentil burger never got that kind of reaction, huh?
"All right, hit me. Anything interesting?"
"I'm okay," Cas says. The burns fade in the space of a blink. Dean only notices the exposed skin on his throat is hurting when the ache vanishes. "You're okay. I'm sorry, Dean, I didn't— We were just trying to have dinner ready for you when you got back, but the oil in the pan spilled
"You charmer," Dean says, elbowing Cas as they walk away. Cas ducks his head, smiling. Pride is a sin he is prone to, and he feels it now, shamelessly so. "What next? Think I can go on the Scrambler without puking?"
"As you wish, Highness," Sam hollers right back. Charlie grins, the Queen appeased.
Dean wipes his mouth with the back of his hand, striding down the hall to make sure Rowena hasn't gobbled up Cas's grace or anything like that.
"You did good," he says. "Stopping the sprinklers like that. Fire coulda spread much further."
"Yeah, Sammy and Samuel are working a job, they ain't back yet. I…" Dean thinks about it for a second. He's embarrassed for Bobby to see him, but if this is how he's gonna fix it, then he doesn't have much of a choice. And as pissed as he still is that Bobby lied to him, at least it was out of some messed up kind of caring. Bobby's family, and as many Campbells as Dean's met in the last few weeks, he's still feeling pretty alone right now. "I mean, I can just come up on my own. Sam'll be by when he's ready to meet back up."
Charlie frowns. "You knew a Gabriela?"
"Dean,
"What do you mean, Cas is gone?" That's news to Dean, who admittedly hasn't seen her in a few days, but he'd thought that was by his choice.
"I'm sorry, Dean." Castiel doesn't know precisely what he's apologizing for. He's spent a lot of time apologizing for a lot of things, and it's usually warranted.
"C'mere," Dean mumbles, turned to his side and half-muffled by the pillow. Cas pulls off one boot, and then the other, socks and all. "Hey, hey, no fair. You gotta take somethin' off too."
"It tastes like Diet Coke."
Maybe a shower first.
"Don't ask
"Well, she didn't tell me she was a witch, but a girl named Jamie stopped me and told me that Haleigh was a gay witch who put curses on people, and that she hid knives in her locker, and that I shouldn't talk to her again. I thought Jamie was lying, but Haleigh
"I startled you," Castiel says. "I'm sorry."
Dean snaps to attention, hand over the weapon at his back pocket. The doors to the classrooms all have one small pane of glass in them, and at this hour, all of them are dark, except one. A solid block of light projects against the far wall. They hear a snatch of music start, and then stop.
"All right," Cas says, and Dean feels him press a kiss to the crown of his head. "Another time."
"We spent a few weeks in Kentucky when I was in, uh, I think it was ninth grade," Dean says. "I'm talking bumfuck nowhere. Every kid at that school wore camo and had a knife in the glovebox of their pickup. Only time I didn't stick out like a sore thumb, 'cept I didn't know jack shit about the kind of huntin'
When things get messy in his head, he can usually distract himself by working on Baby. There's a whole garage full of gorgeous, neglected classic cars begging for Dean to get under their hoods, but his main girl's always gotta come first, and she's overdue for some TLC. Clearing all the daily living stuff out of her has given him space to detail the interior a little, vacuuming up dirt and scrubbing out some blood stains he'd missed when they were fresh. He clears out the entire arsenal in the trunk, re-organizing and optimizing for utility, taking inventory of ammo and sharpening blades. He cleans up the devil's trap on the trunk door—you never know—and gives the whole thing a wash and a wax.
The thing is, he knows he's being a coward, and he still can't stop himself. It's a gut reaction, as intrinsic to him now as sleeping with his gun under his pillow, or doing a sweep of a room every time he walks in, checking for potential exits or ambush points. It's instinct, written into his code somewhere so deep he can't really pick out one particular instance to say,
The extended version of
, Cas."
His own voice repeats itself in Dean's head, on a loop.
"Well, about thirty days, yeah. We're a couple days off from a full moon… She got you a couple days ago… Next time we're nearly at a full moon, the spell should wear off."
"You wanna watch me fuck her?" Thien directs this question to Cas, whose eyes snap to his, growing rounder. He doesn't answer. "Does he wanna watch me fuck you?" He punctuates the question with a little half-thrust that makes Dean suck in a breath. He can see Cas's eyes fall to the movement of his breasts before they trail back up to Dean's face.
Cas dies. Bobby dies. Cas comes back. Bobby doesn't. The compartment where Dean hid Cas's trenchcoat smells of mildew, but he doesn't bother to clean it out, because there's something else tucked away in there, and he knows what happens when you scratch the wall.
Charlie stops teasing him after that, but his ears are still burning. When she gets up to pour herself another cup, he sneaks a spoonful of sugar into his.
The first thrust is slow, and the next few almost exploratory. Cas cradles Dean's head to his shoulder, leisurely rocking against him. Then his hands slide back down, gripping Dean's ass in two firm handfuls, and Dean surges forward in shock, hitting harder and deeper and
"Pearl dust, dandelion pods… This, this incantation, this is all wish-granting magic," says Sam. Haleigh looks at him in alarm, her chin wobbling.
"It's not a waste, Dean," Cas says kindly. Dean's throat constricts.
Mina turns towards him, pushing her hair away from her face and straightening her shoulders. "Dean?" She says it like a question, like she's asking if she got it right.
Sam looks back at him over the railing. His forehead creases.
That's a thing? Enough of a thing that gay people are supposed to just
"You're just saying that cause you never did well on tests," Sam says.
"I mean, I guess your—y'know, your Moondoor character's kind of a badass, chainmail, sword, whole deal, so I got why all the fair maidens were checking you out, but you're not like that outside the game." Dean feels like he's digging the hole deeper and deeper, but it's too deep for him to climb out now. "Not that you're not a badass!"
"Oh, Sam, I did miss your moral posturing so."
They drive back to the motel to loop Sam in, and Jack draws the symbols he could remember from Haleigh's notebook. Mostly it's the kind of stuff Dean would expect from a goth fourteen year old, pentagrams and anarchy symbols and even the classic Cool S, but there is one that catches Cas and Sam's eyes.
The other part of him, the selfish part, wishes he could stick around, because he's never had someone to talk to who seemed like she'd honestly get it. He cut Benny off. Cas is in the wind. Bobby's dead. And Sam… Dean doesn't know. Maybe Sam would understand, maybe he's not giving the kid enough credit, he ought to know better than anyone how it was for them, growing up. But maybe his closeness is what makes it harder. Maybe Dean's still stinging from the knowledge that Sam had been so ready to let him go.
Something in Castiel's expression shutters. Dean waits for him to respond, but he doesn't. He just watches Dean, maybe imagining that Dean will think better of it and apologize, or say something to make it better. But that's not the kind of man Dean is. Better Cas finally realizes it, even if it is years too late. Dean's always going to disappoint him. That's what he does best.
He stares at the screen for a long while, tapping the screen every time it dims, but Cas doesn't text him again. He throws the phone into the passenger's seat and steps off the brake, pulling a U-turn and heading for the closest pocket of civilization.
"Cas," Dean says. It feels good to say it, feels good to have his eyes on him, looking at him hungrily, good to have him tucked up under Dean's arm. Castiel winds his arms around Dean's neck, leaning in to press his nose to Dean's cheek, letting his lips brush Dean's jaw.
The quiet in the room is tense as Dean dresses down for bed while Sam gathers up the trash. It's only when Sam's about to put the light out and do the same that Dean asks, "You really trust her that much?"
"I told them to just make reservations somewhere nice," says Rowena icily, "but apparently you boys live in a cultureless vacuum and the best restaurant in fifty miles is a
Dean grabs the bottle of pills and takes the glass away to wash it out.
"Yeah, well, that's a two way goddamn street, pal," Dean says. It comes out much harsher than he means it to, and Castiel flinches away from it, which is satisfying in the way that pressing on a bruise is.
"Why not?" Dean's brow creases, and he jostles Cas's shoulder because Cas allows it. "She liked you a lot, man. And she was hot. And you… you oughta have some fun, too, man. When's the last time you had fun? Like… five billion years ago in Babylon or whatever?"
"Good. You deserve to feel good." Castiel's breath is hot against Dean's skin, and the words themselves make him feel hot all over, all down his chest and sinking warm into his belly. "I want you to feel this good all the time."
"I'm going home," Dean says, his voice ruined by drink and poor sleep. "I'll tell Sam I'm not dead."
"It's no trouble. I got nowhere to be." If he were a guy, that'd be a prelude to a pickup. Speaking from experience, girls don't generally take rides from strange guys unless a ride's not all they want. But Dean's a woman, or at least appears to be, so Mina probably thinks it's safe enough to go with him. That makes him worry a little for her, because in a world full of vampires and shapeshifters, Dean's learned to always have his guard up, but it also makes him feel a little pleased to be the safe choice for once in his life.
Castiel frowns down at the pile of clothes in her arms. "There's nothing wrong with the way I dress."
"You really had a good time?"
"Yeah, that sounds right," Dean says blandly.
He hears Charlie take a gulp of her drink next to him.
"I don't know," Cas says, breath hot in Dean's ear. "I don't— Every way. Any way. I want
In the morning, Cas hears his phone chime from the heap of clothes still lying on the floor. He carefully extracts himself from Dean's warm, inviting body. There's a text from Jack.
"What do you mean?"
Underneath that is a quieter want: to do something that Cas would be proud of him for, to protect something that's important to him. To care, because Cas cares.
I don't need to hear anything else."
Dean expects him to ask, "You okay?" or "What happened with you guys?" or something like that. Instead, Sam says, "We're out of milk. Me and Jack were gonna take the car, do a grocery run. If you're okay with that."
"Haleigh?" Jack stands between her and Sam, peering down.
) are gripping his arms and spinning him around, crowding him against the door.
A night spent being alone around other people might do him right. If he gets too drunk, he'll just pick someone up and let her take him home. He's found a place to sleep that way more than once. So what if it's been at least ten years since he had to worry about things like that? It's like so many other things in his life, at this point. Instinct.
Sam purses his lips. "I don't think it's an act." He can tell Dean's about to protest, because he adds, "
He finds the holy grail, a normal-ass pair of bootcut jeans that don't dig into his gut and actually fit over his ass, after going through what feels like every single pair of jeans in the damn store. While he's got them on, he tries on some shirts. Nothing too crazy. The farthest he dares is a couple of v-necks and tank tops, which feels like a big step for him, because they dip much lower on his chest than anything else he owns. It's one thing for your tits to look nice
He and Gwen eat over-sauced hot wings and split a pitcher of beer at a sports bar up the road. It's dark inside, televisions being the primary source of light, with scuffed floors and tables that have vinyl tablecloths stapled on. Dean feels right at home.
"Okay, well, just— Ugh. Stay there, I'll be right back."
"No, Dean, that's not—" Cas huffs, frustrated. "You don't understand."
Jack cheers when Luke successfully uses the Force to save the day, and Dean promises him that
"C'mon, let's go find some shade."
"Shit. He coming back? We didn't piss him off, did we?"
"Hey kid," Dean says, then pauses, looking down at his unplated lunch. "You hungry?"
It's hard to believe, but, god, Dean wants to.
"We should at least figure out where she got the sigil from," Sam concedes. "Okay. I guess… check her locker for any other evidence. If we don't find anything… it's up to Jack."
for me. Jesus." Dean swipes his thumb over Castiel's cheek. "Did you not hear me earlier? I was into you when I pictured you as, like, this ball of fire with wings and eyeballs and shit. And if you really wanted to look like that, then okay! I can put on some fucking sunglasses! You get me?"
"Can't you, uh, poof us dry, too?" he asks.
"Yep." Dean finishes drying the dishes, and starts putting them away in their places. Sam helps, and a small part of Dean thinks it's just so he can lord those few extra inches of height over him reaching the highest shelves.
"You're still dressed," Mina says, a little breathlessly, going to her knees to kiss his mouth again. He lets her for a moment or two, little teasing tastes, and she slides his flannel off over his shoulders, hiking up the tank he's wearing. He lets her take it off, looking down at her hands against his skin, tracing over stolen black lace, over the ink of his tattoo. That's nice. He likes the way that looks. He's a little more embarrassed to take off his pants, because he hasn't shaved, not having planned on anyone seeing him undressed tonight, but it's dark in the room, just faint blue light  from Mina's laptop and the orange glow of a streetlight through her blinds.
"That other spell's just about up, huh?"
"It's not
"Pizza's good," Dean protests. Rowena looks at him with all the bedraggled hatred of a cat that fell in a bathtub. Cas comes up from behind him, and taps her on the forehead. In an instant, she's dry, her face clean and bare. She blinks owlishly.
He's dressed down to his boxers and a t-shirt, scrubbed pink. He'd sat in the tub, letting the shower take away the rest of the blood and the unholy mess still caking his mouth after he'd puked his guts up. Sam had
A sound splits the close air, drowning out the sound of Castiel's labored breathing in his ear.
Dean thinks wildly.
Dean walks Jack through some of their go-to forums, pointing out which posts are claptrap and which ones have merit. He shows him how to corroborate eyewitness accounts with evidence from other sources, and he shows him how to dig into a poster's history to see if it's a reliable eyewitness.
"You're an idiot, you're so stupid," Dean says, and shoves his embarrassment down deep so that he can pull Cas in by the back of his head, kissing him on the forehead fiercely. "I don't care about dinner! I thought something—
The compartment in Baby's trunk still smells a little musty, but it's dried out in the years since Dean hid that old trenchcoat inside. The contents of the double-wrapped plastic bag inside are safe. He doesn't open it. He sets it in his closet and closes the door, then goes back to the garage to scrub the whole inside of the trunk out before he replaces the weapons and ammo.
them."
"What?
Castiel's eyes drift down, his brow creasing.
Sam looks like he might say something to that, but it's to both of their benefits that he catches the look Dean gives him and decides not to press his luck. Jack spares them both any further awkward silence when he comes in holding the laptop and grinning broadly.
"No, fuck you, Dean," Sam says, and spins him around with a hand on his shoulder. Dean throws a fist up, ready to defend against a punch, but Sam throws an arm around him, pulling him into a violent hug, trapping Dean's arm between them. "Fuck you. You're all I've got right now, don't fucking do this again."
," Sam says, and he tosses his old iPod to Cas, who catches it one-handed and regards it like it's something worth getting excited about. "They've released like, three or four since… Well." Dean's already half-asleep, slumping face-down on top of the covers, still wearing his clothes. Couple of fucking nerds.
not pissed at you."
Cas stops, arms stiff at his sides. His eyes are bright and very still.
"Hey, Dean, I'm curious," she says, like they're old friends and she's not two minutes away from slicing out his tongue and chowing down on it. "What do you really feel about your brother?"
Eventually, Dean gets into a rhythm that seems to work for Cas, fucking him with his fingers while Cas grinds against the firm base of his palm. The only problem is that Cas is turning out to be… kind of fucking
"Cas," Dean says. His mouth has gone dry. His face is burning up. Cas looks rooted to the spot or like he could bolt at any second, both in equal measure. "Cas, do you… Are you staying or going?"
"Why are you in here recording yourself casting spells?" Sam's doing his very best trust-me-I'm-sensitive voice, and damn him, it works, because Haleigh's shoulders seize and she lets out a great shuddering sob.
"Oh. Sorry."
"...What?"
"This game is friggin' rigged," Dean grouses. Cas steps up, tapping Dean on the shoulder.
Charlie looks at him, once again, like he's won the award for World's Stupidest Dumbass.
Dean huffs, equal parts embarrassed and frustrated. He's used to feeling stupid, but this whole conversation has him feeling like he's got about as much common sense as a box of rocks.
"'Stuck as a chick'," Charlie repeats, puzzling. "What, like
"Do you, uh. It's cool if you stick around for a while, man. Like, I'm wide awake. Probably nothing but crap on TV, but I think they're running a slasher movie marathon. Might be fun."
"Yeah, sure, he's fine. Him and Rowena are practically best friends. He knows more about
They've crossed that threshold so many times, then crossed right back over it again.
He dashes out of the bathroom, holding his boobs in his hands to keep them from
"Don't—" Charlie says, and Dean freezes, pulling his hand back. "Uh—sorry, that's one's—it's pretty old, I'm afraid the pages'll fall out."
"No, I know that, it's just— you're my brother. You know me better than— than anyone. Anyone, living or dead. You know
"Ah," Cas says eloquently. She's sitting in a battered chair that looks like it might collapse under her at any moment, her hands resting in her lap, her skirt arranged tidily around her legs. Sam's iPod has been wrapped up in its own headphone cord, next to her hat. "Yes. I suppose I would… stick out."
how hot that is, but he doesn't think for a second Castiel does. For all that they're joking about her tits right now, there's no way Cas could know that his own baggy, shapeless clothes on a beautiful woman—yeah, Dean can admit that Cas is beautiful, it's just an objective fact and it doesn't mean anything, thank you very much, though she's only kind of a woman—his clothes on a beautiful, kinda-sorta woman
**************
“1. NSYNC forever” Jo pointed her beer bottle at Dean “2. This is my personal mix 3. You should broaden your views” she hit play and
“So what did you think? Pretty sweet huh?” Dean turned to look at him, the light from the TV lit half of his face. One of the many things Cas liked about Dean was how genuinely he wanted him to enjoy the films he chose. His usually green eyes, even now swallowed by his pupils, shone with excitement.
Dean went rigid against Cas, his arms falling to his sides and Cas could feel Dean start to shake. He wasn’t prepared when Dean shoved him away, hard. Cas stumbled a little before falling on his back, hitting the ground with a thud.
“Yeah, Castiel here is following his mom’s dream of Ivy league medical school” Jo busied herself by downing half of her beer.
” Ash asked referring to the shiny black muscle car parked in the driveway. It was much nicer and better maintained than the majority of the cars brought to
Please leave kudos if you enjoyed it and comment with anything you'd like. Any feedback helps me a lot :)
They fell into a comfortable silence, the setting sun turned the light golden but with the loss of the warmth of the sun, the October breeze was quick to remind them of what season it was. Castiel had turned his head to study Dean’s face and how the light bounced off his cheekbones highlighting the freckles dotted there.
“You’ve been quiet, what's wrong?” Cas asked as Dean handed him a plate to dry.
carried into the master bedroom from the living room where Cas had left the stereo on.
“Castiel you need to stop letting her dictate your life” Jo has said this to him before, of course, but it still grates on him. He never had understood the concept of teenage rebellion. The concept of teenagers had only existed since the 50s so how could there be an innate desire to rebel just because of your age? What would his grand act of rebellion even be?
“Hah, Knew you weren’t asleep,” Dean said flatly without looking up when Cas leaned against the hood next to him. He huffed a laugh when Cas offered him the other mug but stomped out the cigarette he was holding, the butt joining the handful already littering the frozen ground by his feet. “I don’t wanna talk about it” Dean’s voice was even, but he tightened his grip around the ceramic.
“What?”
Life kept on rolling, as life tends to do. No matter what earthshattering event rocked one's personal life, the universe had the audacity to keep spinning, planets spun around their stars, the stars spun around the centre of galaxies that in turn travels around space. There is a theory within astrophysics. Every point in the universe is at its centre, so in a way, everyone is at the centre of their own universe and a tragedy could easily rip it apart creating an all consuming black hole.  John Winchester and sons leaving, an insignificant blip as far as the universe was concerned, but it did move an entire town, creating a temporary black hole. The murder of Mary Winchester had been the talk of the town for months. Mothers wouldn't let their children outside alone, husbands bought guns to protect their families and everyone would make sure their doors were locked at night. A perfectly natural response from a small community, previously operating under the assumption that nothing bad could ever find them in the little corner of the world they inhabited. The News Papers had kept the townspeople informed of every small development in the case, there had even been a mention in the paper when John and the boys had left:
“You know, I could use you at the shop. If you want an apprenticeship” Bobby said fixing Dean with his eyes.
He was drumming his motor oil-covered fingers against the steering wheel impatiently watching his brother cross the school parking lot. The greeting died on Dean’s lips as soon as he caught a glimpse of Sam when he heaved himself into the cabin of the truck face, a hefty shiner decorating his left cheek and eye.
“Wasn’t forever, I’ll tell you that much” Her simile teasing, popping her hip out, crossing her arms.
It was too late as Jo was leaning up to meet him and their lips met in an awkward, beer-flavored kiss. They both pulled back, blinking.
“The Hell you will, you’re the one with the double bed” Sam, who emerged from his bedroom with a towel thrown over his shoulder, objected. He had come home halfway through their movie and after giving them an odd look he had disappeared into his own room.
“Bobby told me to take the weekend off, and if I showed up at the garage he’d fire me, total BS but anywho. Sam is at the library again, he’s too smart for his own good. So I- I went for a drive and I don’t know man, this place is full of memories I guess” Dean made a subconscious reach for his cigarettes, only to realise he left them on the ground with his jacket. Cas gave him a confused look.
"No," Dean admits. Because he did. He did want it. He wished so hard he could be Lisa's perfect boyfriend and Ben's perfect dad. And every time he went to bed drunk or woke up haunted or raised his voice when he should have been someone better, someone gentler, he felt it slipping further out of reach. "I couldn't cut it. 'Cause I ain't that guy. Not really. And
The knife falls from Dean's hand. He slides slick fingers over the wound. They slip inside easily. Castiel gasps.
He allows himself to open his eyes after that. Looking at tits from this angle is— new. It's new, and yes, weird, and not as sexy as he thought it might be, having your own set of tits to ogle whenever you want to, but it's also not
"Yes, sir," Dean said, because that was what you did when John Winchester gave you an order. He'd learned that by now.
Someone re-shot a JJTrek scene with women in the lead roles and omg I'm in love.
He has the presence of mind to make sure the guy puts on a condom. Everything after that defies logic. Dean's strong. He's fought any number of supernatural assholes bare-handed. He ought to fight when he's shoved to his back on the bed, but he goes down like dead weight, the springs creaking riotously under him. The guy kneels over him, the mattress dipping, and unbuttons his fly, the sound of the sinking zipper drawing a shiver down Dean's spine. The guy doesn't bother with Dean's bra beyond tugging it down to his ribs. His breasts spill out, the straps sliding over his shoulders, and he must make a face, 'cause the guy laughs, and gives one a squeeze. Dean's skin is so hot he thinks he must be the same shade of red as his lipstick. He hikes Dean's legs up over his hips and bends him wherever he wants, tugging his panties to the side. The elastic presses against Dean's clit. He whines without meaning to.
"When you blew every fuse in that barn, or when you were breaking windows and turning on radios at me?" Dean asks with a chuckle.
Dean come on.
smiling, hard enough to make his cheeks hurt. Someone shoot him, now.
, Dean thinks with a little anxious thrill. If Lisa could see him now…
"Cool. Anything else?"
"You already know what I'm gonna say, right?"
do anything."
Dean runs his tongue over his teeth, aiming for casual when he says, "Just me right now."
"Yeah!" Sam looks excited to have solved the puzzle, but his enthusiasm fades when Dean keeps his eyes on the road, stonefaced. "What makes you bring him up? Been a long time."
"Okay. Wow. Uh." Sam looks him over again, and Dean feels uncomfortably examined, like a lab specimen or something. "Huh. Is there a hex bag?"
It's much later in the morning than Dean had intended when he finally admits defeat in the war against his bladder and Cas lets him slip away to flip the lights on and dress in fresh clothes. He sort of wants to offer Cas another one of his shirts to dress in, mainly because he thinks it would add infinitely to Dean's overall quality of life, but he also knows that Sam's gonna be giving him enough funny looks when they finally come out, and he doesn't need to court any more of those.
They've just crossed over the state line into Kansas when Rowena perks up enough to start asking Castiel questions.
Dean laughs uncomfortably. "Well, I dunno, Cas, you ever had a boner?" Castiel's brow furrows. Dean clarifies. "Does your dick get hard?"
So he calls Sam, tells him he's heading to Sioux Falls, and takes his ass over to a department store.
This time when he wakes up, he's on his back, one hand under his pillow, the other tucked into the waistband of his boxers. Letting his eyes fall shut again, he breathes in deeply, feeling the weight of his new breasts rising with it. They aren't sore anymore. That's something.
"Yeah, uh. I almost didn't… Well, my dad actually…" Dean takes a deep breath. "An eighteen-wheeler crashed into us. It was... She was, uh, she used to be his car."
His seventeenth birthday, when Dad sent him out to a haunted chapel with a bag of rock salt and a can of lighter fluid, and the spirits of the women who'd chosen to die rather than be punished for loving one another writhed in their last embrace, begging God's mercy as they burned. He'd returned with ash in his hair, steel-jawed and puffing his chest out while his insides wailed, wondering if Dad could tell just by looking why he was reluctant to talk about the job.
On our way back via angel train don't piss yourself
"I've done much more terrible things, objectively speaking, in Jimmy Novak's body. I killed so many people, so many angels. However much I might have changed for the better, I also made so many… unforgivable mistakes."
Cas doesn't answer him. He sees his broad hands fidgeting in his lap, smoothing out his pants just to crinkle them up again.
Dean can hardly think coherently, let alone speak. He fucks his hand helplessly, letting Castiel trace feather-light shapes over his abdomen, his heartbeat roaring in his ears under the relentless, brutal kindness of Castiel's voice.
"Don't hurt yourself," Dean says, face burning. "Just—just forget I said anything."
Sam was born good, that Sam tries, every day, to do good. It's a comfort to think that neither of them were born violent. And hey. Maybe the same goes for Jack.
"Have you had any marks show up anywhere on your body? Anything unusual?"
. And that's not really what being butch is anyway! That's… kind of the
"Thank you, Dean," she rasps. Dean swallows hard.
The job is a total milk run, just two vamps who don't have the sense to cover their tracks better. They're in the middle of finishing off a state trooper who made the mistake of investigating a busted Toyota Corolla with blacked-out windows parked on the side of the interstate when Sam and Dean pull up. Once they've collected some heads, they set the whole bloody scene ablaze. All in a day's work.
"Uh… I dunno," Dean says, maybe a little offended. What's wrong with cars?
Charlie stares at a spot on the floor, blinking, hands spread. Dean takes that as his cue to shut up and let her formulate a response.
"Yeah, so? When do I need to know how to
"I don't think that would be a good idea," Cas says. Whether he realized it or not at the time, he's tried everything Dean's suggesting. It's not something he'd care to repeat with a stranger, even one as friendly as Mandy the waitress, even one who smells as comfortingly of coffee and hamburgers.
It's a relief when they finally pull into the garage at the bunker, to be stretching his legs and looking forward to the prospect of a dark, quiet bedroom to nurse his headache in. It's also a relief to put some space between him and Cas, because being constantly aware of her at his back was starting to make him feel kind of insane. Apparently, Cas feels the same way, because she's gone before Dean's done unloading the car. He and Jack carry the bags inside while Sam helps Rowena get to her feet.
He looks at the weathered photograph propped up against his lamp, at the way his mother's smile creases the corners of her eyes, the same way as his. She had wanted more for her children. She let her past die and looked to the future.
Dean groans, setting his beer down so he can scrub his fingers through his hair. "Sam doesn't know it was—like that. I didn't—he doesn't know. I'm pretty sure. I mean, I haven't told him."
"Forever, no, though in human terms, it could perhaps last much longer than your lifetime," Cas says, like it's some throwaway fact. The Earth rotates around the Sun, and Castiel will wage war until long after Dean is dead and gone. "But even if we do secure victory, I don't imagine I'll live to see it."
He chances another glance down at his chest. His tits looked bigger (felt bigger) in his hands than they look in the mirror, but they're not small, either, with dark pink nipples and hey, wouldn't you know it, there's his tattoo, right over his heart, and right where his left breast begins to swell. His fingers close over a nipple and pinch. He yelps, dropping his tits like he's been shocked, and when the combined forces of weight and gravity mean that
"Dean…"
"I… I don't know. It sounded like him."
Dean breathes out hard through his nose. "Tell me about it," he mutters.
Jody shifts in her seat, the rustle of polyester on vinyl. Her mouth opens, then hangs there, silent.
"Yeah, I come from a long line of cars." She sputters, laughing. Dean's smile widens. He's not sensitive Sammy (though neither is Sam right now, actually) but it's not
They're in Illinois checking out a rash of suicides when the clock finally runs out. Dean's been checking out the tattoo on his back every night, watching it wane and wax, watching the little mark grow wider and wider. Any day now, Dean's gonna wake up, and everything's gonna change.
"Don't be," says Jack. "There wasn't much of a story. They just kept repeating the same things over and over. It did sort of make me hungry, though?"
What trouble?" Dean stares at him, puzzling. When he puts it together, it's like a cold knife through his gut. "Cas, don't tell me you're staying like this for
"Girls' night out?"
. Sam's not much for touching or feeling much of anything these days, as far as Dean can tell. It gives him a reprieve from having too many difficult or confounding conversations, but it also makes him feel like Sam might not give enough of a shit about Dean to bother hassling him anymore. It's not a great feeling.
Dean sucks in a sharp breath, turning on his heel with a grimace, because of course Sam's going to choose
"I suppose," Rowena says with a flick of her eyebrows. "If that helps you understand it. What matters is that I'm
"Goodness," Principal Andrews exclaims, and Dean's shoulders relax in increments, because holy shit, she's actually buying it.
"Come back to my place," Charlie says, and punches Dean on the arm, then sing-songs, "I've got the LOTR extended editions..."
"My father's son," Dean chokes. "And there's no changing that. I know that now."
For the first time in years he thinks about his introduction to LARPers, those dudes at the convention who were pretending to be him and Sam. They were just a couple of guys that wanted to be the heroes. Dean hadn't really thought about the, y'know, the gay thing being part of that. And he guesses he gets that too, even if he resented their envy at the time. That was all he wanted from this job when he was growing up, after all. He'd cast his father as the hero, and Dean had wanted nothing more than to be one too, to be like him, to be what John wanted him to be. But being a hero, being like his father, was fundamentally incompatible with letting a vampire—
"Not doing this with you. Next topic."
He sucks on his fingers again, gets them wet, and returns to the task, and oh, okay, yeah, he's kinda masturbating now. The cold air makes his nipples tighten up, skirting the line of aching, but shifting into something that's a lot more
The Demon Tablet, and these trials Sam's undergoing, hoping to close the gates of Hell, though. That's got him thinking. What if there really was an end in sight? What if they win? What if it sticks this time?
"Yeah, stupid. You're technically the oldest friend I've got in meatspace."
"But you're hurt." Cas takes a few steps forward. Dean's pinned in spot by the counter behind him. Cas keeps walking, until he's close enough that Dean can see the hard set of his smooth jaw, the faint lines by his mouth.
Dean's stomach turns over, and he knows he's lost the argument. Not just to Cas and Sam, but to himself. "She can't… You think she can help us save Mom like this?"
"Yeah," Dean agrees breathlessly, because he is, he feels like it, he's a slut and he wants this guy to fuck him and he wants Cas to watch. Thien teases the head of his dick against Dean's clit, and Dean jolts. God, he must make a picture. "Please, come on, fuck me."
"Why would I be 'pissed'?" He hears the click of Castiel's teeth, the frustrated quality of his breathing. "I'm the one who… violated your privacy."
"Whatcha think, Cas?" he says, leaning in to speak directly into Cas's ear, not quite a yell, but close. "This anything like having your wings back?"
"Blood wasn't on the list."
The original plan was to keep pushing until they got to Lebanon, but that's not happening now. It's another fifteen minutes to get to the edge of town where they might be able to find a flophouse that rents to folks like them at 3 AM. Dean steals glances at Cas in the rearview the whole way, cheeks heating when her eyes catch his in the reflection. They're blue, he notices, just as blue as before, and he turns back to the road, his grip tightening on the wheel.
"Right," says Bobby, uncertain. "Just let me know when you're in town. I'll make up your bed for you. Dean, maybe this is a stupid question…"
