Of course they were found, Bruce caught onto the weather later on and they sent a shield rescue jet for them. They were both freezing but after examination it was concluded that they couldn't possible of survived that long in the cold if they hadn't had each other's body temperatures. Steve just looked at Tony and smiled. Tony smiled back.
"They expect me to take up the mantle as pack alpha as soon as possible, the elders have advised we move to the mansion. I'm sorry, I wish we had more time"
“The legend goes that long ago, hundreds if not thousands of years before now a human female found herself lost in the deepest darkest depths of the woods. Humanity was on the verge of extinction their food resources were dwindling, their inability to hunt effectively left most of them starving, leading to violence. How this female had managed to stray so far from her tribe into the wilderness it wasn’t known but she did and there in the dark she saw a pair of big amber eyes. They stared right into her soul, as if this creature were seeing something beyond what human eyes could, she had sat there frozen, tears streaming down her face. Lost and scared. Upon determining her distress and her lack of threat the owner of those eyes stepped out of the undergrowth to reveal himself. Fur was as black as night, fangs as sharp as knives. He was an Alpha, a wolf of the woodland pack. He’d been watching the girl, he’d become fascinated and almost felt pity on her soul and maybe just maybe he had seen something special when he’d gazes at her from the dark. This was the beginning of something new. Lost and alone the female allowed herself to trust this animal who approached her so gently, climbing up onto his back so he could carry her back to his pack.
"What on earth are you doing Capiscle can't you feel how cold it is in here?" He pondered. Shaking a little under the chill. To which Steve just shook his head and shrugged his shoulders.
The woman (Maria) shushed her significant other and present a gentle kiss to the boys head, "Sweet dreams Anthony" she whispered to the 4 year old before she straightened up and tiptoed from the bedroom. Looking back over her shoulder once to look at her pups face, highlighted by a stream of moonlight coming through the window. With a quiet click she shut the door behind them turning to her mate with half a smile, a smile which soon faded when she saw the crinkle of worry on the alpha's face.
Tony on the other hand was a completely different kettle of fish. The cold had never before affected him. He'd never cared much for it but he didn't dislike it, but the Afghanistan happened. Despite the warm desert in the day, at night the caves would turn chilling. He'd shiver and rub his hands together and just pray (despite not being a religious man) that the sun would come up sooner. This led to Tony feeling the cold very easily after his kidnapping.
Steve just rolled his eyes and abandoned his pencil to wrap an arm around Tony's shoulders, tugging him a little closer in nothing more than an affectionate gesture, "no, I've got a sketch of you all look ..." He flicked through the sketchbook, showing Tony his many different pictures from Natasha, in a mid kick in the gym to Clint perched up on a rooftop. There was Bruce messy haired and studying and Tony, grinning and clad in red.
It was one particular morning when his father had escaped the house quickly followed by a couple of other pack members who were more regularly seen around his father in recent years, when his mother had ran out quickly upon hearing one of the omegas down in the pack was in labour leaving Anthony alone in the mansion with only his Beta butler Jarvis. It was on this morning that the 5 year old decided he wanted to explore more than just the walls of the mansion. He called out to his Beta butler and asked him whether they could take a walk into the town, he was bored he wanted to do something a little interesting. Jarvis looked a little unsure, Anthony had never really been allowed out before, their previous home had been out the way of the main pack and town as Howard had wanted to have as much private family life as he possibly could before he had to step up to become Pack Alpha. However, he didn't see the harm in taking the young pup into the town to buy some berries from the shop.
But the annoying voice inside his head keeps telling him that maybe it wasn’t because of the bathroom incident. The ugly huge scars that cover most of Tony’s chest suddenly flashed inside Steve’s mind. He sighed.
“Of course, we’re doing this now,” Loki drawled even when his face was mushed on Thor’s chest. “Last time we had a reunion you screamed at me.”
Steve snapped his head towards Peggy as she gestured at the two popcorn packets he was holding. “Oh, I was just trying to decide which one’s better.”
Putting both her hands inside her pockets, Natasha made a beeline towards the front door and left for class, unaware that she was somewhat smiling.
He stood still for a moment, but curiosity got a better of him and he found himself straining his ears to hear the conversation. He was able to register that Clint was there, and the person the shouted was really Thor, and two other voices Bruce isn’t familiar off.
Movie nights with Loki is a nightmare, there was one time Clint decided to lock him in the bathroom.
Steve was still glaring, which was in no way Tony’s fault. Or to be more precise, it did not make sense whatsoever. It wasn’t
But telling everyone that you bought a century old DVD player seemed so pathetic, unless he collects old shits that nobody wants. The things he do for… for, well, nothing. He just does it, and he couldn’t find the reason why.
Steve almost dropped the brush he was holding and was mentally scolding himself for being so jumpy, before turning around to face Peggy as she stared at his half-finished canvas. Twisting his sore shoulder a bit, Steve placed the brush down and leaned away from his work, giving Peggy more access.
Clint snorted. “I’m joking,” he said and the boy’s tense shoulder visibly relaxed. “If you can’t tell me your name, tell me about yourself then. I’ve known you for a month now, and yet I still don’t know anything about you.”
Clint found himself running his ass across campus trying to catch his next class after realizing he had overslept in the archery range. After doing a few shots, he decided to take a nap, only to actually spend the next few hours sleeping.
Bruce continued to thrash, it surprises Steve for a guy so small can turn this place upside down if angry.
“You guess?” Jane repeated amused. “Haven’t it ever occurred to you that he might be embarrassed by it? Not that being disabled is a bad thing, but people are quite conscious when it’s about themselves.”
At the other corner could possibly be the living room, considering that there were a TV and a few couches. The young man didn’t bother to stop himself from raising both his eyebrows this time. There was an empty shelf near the stairs, which looked quite out of place if he was being honest.
. Steve thought. “Well there must be a reason.” He said instead, trying to reach out on Bruce, desperate rather.
Glaring at the note again, Tony crossed his arms and stared at it as if staring at the piece of paper would give the answer to life’s greatest question.
He glanced around his surroundings and realized that he knew this part of the city. He took a different route, knowing that he’ll end up colliding with the kid at the intersection.
“You don’t,” Tony said who took another bite from his toast, Steve raised an eyebrow. “I haven’t met any of them yet, though Bruce here’s lucky enough to see lady red tw—”
The sudden change of emotion threw Bruce off for a bit, but he knew when and not to push. “Not good, but not as bad as Steve’s face.”
Steve shuffled a bit from where he was standing, holding the two popcorn packets awkwardly. “Ugh, yeah.”
“—good to see you around other than at, whatever it is we live in, maybe we could catch up sometimes!” He said, petting Steve on the shoulder. “Also, next time, try baking Pecan pies, I think I'm getting a craving.” The next moment, Steve was staring at Tony’s retreating figure.
“You shouldn’t,” she said, and Bruce couldn’t help but scrunch his eyebrows. “There’s things that should be forgotten, and things that shouldn’t be forgotten. You don’t have to remember them, just don’t forget it.”
“I am, by no means, a good person. I’ve destroyed lives, and this is my punishment. Banished from my own family.”
Sighing, Steve turned and stared at the digital clock on his nightstand. He didn’t have any class that day, and he was feeling frustrated than ever. One thing he found rather calming when things like this happen, which happens a lot, was to cook.
Thor stared at Tony as the brunette shrugged then proceeded to walk towards the two of them. He dropped his bag, and his…
The boy’s green eyes, Clint noticed because he was too damn close, glared at the offending hotdog before looking back at Clint. “I demand you to buy me one of those.”
They still don’t know each other that much, but they’re still at the beginning, right? They still have time.
“That’s exactly the problem, it’s the second, no one should settle on just the second best,” Tony fumed. “And also, the CEO’s son’s a dick.”
Steve found himself looking at Tony, well with his one good eye considering that the eye that received Bruce’s mean punch started to swell. Maybe, they’re actually more people like him than he thought. “I’m not an asshole, stop looking at me like that,” Tony said when he caught Steve looking.
“Uh, yes, we do,” Steve finally answered scratching his nape, “And you are?” Bruce noticed his tendencies on acting like a leader, he found himself not bothered by it but was rather thinking about future dispute with Tony, something tells him Tony’s the kind of person that always plays by his own rules.
“Uhh,” Steve stuttered sitting on the passenger’s sit, completely red in the face, “You don’t have to do this,” He said gesturing to everything.
Ever since Clint told him about the plans for the movie night, Steve found himself feeling giddy of another night with the other six. He found himself counting down the days until Friday with a dorky smile on his face. He was still awkward around them, yes, but this was what he wanted.
Knowing that Pepper won’t be of much help anymore, he took his post-it notes before heading out the door of his room, maybe he’ll know the answer when the question’s staring at his face. As soon as he turned the knob and pushed open the door, he immediately saw Steve just heading back to his room, probably just getting back from his early morning run, which was weird because according to Tony’s numerous all-nighter, Steve should have been back half an hour ago.
Loki stared, and for a long moment nothing could be heard but the loud wind and Loki’s heavy breathing. Any minute now, the others might come, but Loki being this worked isn’t a good way to start.
Thor blinked, and looked genuinely confused rather than afraid. The knowledge of it doesn’t sit well on Natasha.
She didn’t like it when she doesn’t know something, sure she doesn’t care why the others were even there, but this guy’s a Stark.
If no one got it, Bruce Hulked out. One of you asked if they still had their powers, and I answered with that they have but they don't, well I hope you kinda understand that part now. And yeah, the plot just started.
“Even Steve and Thor combined, they still had a hard time calming Bruce,” Natasha informed in a flat voice. “If it’s your turn and Bruce got out of his chains, who knows what will happen. Wanna test it out ? I have a key.”
“Can I help you?” Clint asked when the man reached his spot, standing in front of him a few inches away from invading his personal space.
“Hey, I know you’re pissed, but I think The Time Traveler’s Wife is also a good film,” Clint said weakly from the couch. “It got Rachel McAdams as one of the leads, you know, the bitch in Mean Girls.”
Tony patted him on the shoulder. “Now you’re getting it,” he said. “And also because you’re a Hammer Tech user.”
Also I will point out that although this is a primarily Tony/Steve based story I aim to introduce many characters and many relationship dynamics. It will be a slow build, I am not going to jump straight into their adulthood here as I have the story in my head and it wouldn't work if I skipped the background.
The genius chuckled and squeezed him a little, "you are warm aren't you? I'm making you my personal hot water bottle that's what I'm doing" he joked. Or Steve presumed he was joking anyway.
The third time was New Years and they weren't alone. They stood up on top of the Avengers tower counting down to midnight in the cold wind of the night. It was a rooftop party filled with alcohol and sandwiches and music.
Tony just rolled his eyes and laughed, "are you proposing a date Captain?" He asked quietly and Steve nodded his head.
In the hopes of saving himself while everyone laughed at him Tony found Steve and to the utter amazement of everyone there he buried his face in the blondes neck and cuddled close to him. Steve just rolled his eyes and smiled letting him do it, not even saying a word to answer to questioning looks on everyone else's faces.
Clint is, unlike most of Bucky’s friends, a rather average person. He isn’t famous or wealthy. Bucky and Natasha, together, paid for the finest hearing aids that were obtainable, which obviously happened to be the most expensive as well. Now that Steve thinks about it, he realizes with consternation that the words ‘Stark’ were printed on both the box and the device.
“Alright, let's go.” Steve bypasses the couch and offers his two hands to lift Toni up. She grins brightly and seizes his arms. They gawk at each other for a few seconds, close enough to feel each other's breath, before Toni breaks the moment and walks toward the kitchen nonchalantly. Steve wonders for a split second if she's figured out he has feelings for her that are of a greater extent than a simple crush.
“Hey Steve!” blurts out a feminine voice from behind them. Clint doesn't even flinch, but Steve whips around.
The images Steve sent her are shaky, but it's barely distinguishable. The first one shows Toni in a black high-waisted bikini. Her eyeshadow is almost just as dark, however, her high heels are of a buzzing pink that matches the shade of her lipstick. She had her locks dyed brown in that time and its curls fell right above her shoulders. She's posing with a toothy smile, her index partly covering her mouth.
“Sorry, the pants are tight. I am attempting to wriggle into them but my hips won’t fit.” A groan echoes into the short hallway. “Okay, coming.” Toni exits her bedroom and follows Pepper.
To Toni, delivered at 1:49: No. The way you were dancing earlier, that specific act, was seductive (awfully so, even). But on the other hand, you don’t have to be actively doing something for me to still find you hot
They dirige themselves towards an elevator hidden away. “Only 5 people have chips that activate this elevator. It brings us to my private properties, like my personal lab in the basements.” They get in it and Toni taps on the side of the elevator opposite to the doors. “The whole building is separated in two, but no one except the 5 people who have the chips noticed it. This is not a wall, this elevator has two sliding doors.”
“Aw, don’t be dramatic. We’ve been standing here for roughly 5 minutes now and not a single soul bothered us. But to answer your demand,” Toni spins around and points a building on the other side of the street, “it’s right there.”
“Never give up, man.” The taller man pats Steve’s shoulder, his lips pursed in a taut line. “Anyhow. Coffee?” He lifts up the coffee pot in clear invitation.
Tony removes her hand from the elevator doors, which she has been holding to keep them from shutting for a good while.
It’s loud and dark when they go down the stairs. LED party lights are scattered everywhere, firing colourful lights into every corner of the room. There are a few bodyguards, each of them posted against a wall, to ensure safety. The thing that strikes Toni the most is how colossal the place is; from outside, no one would’ve been able to tell that the basement is this vast.
Steve usually leaves before 20:00. The soirée would always start to really bore and tire him after one and a half hour. Sometimes his close friends leave with him, most often not, but he still makes sure to notify them beforehand
He smiles at the memories of Toni squealing at the best jumpscares and scooting even closer into Steve's embrace. He'd squeeze her harder under the heavy, fluffy blanket. The third movie, being a comedy, was much less thrilling, so they easily passed out, letting its dialogues and soundtracks lull them down.
Steve hears Bucky coming down the stairs, oblivious to the fact that he currently has self-invited company in the apartment. Natasha winces, not wanting them to catch his boyfriend in his birthday suit, which would've let to an awkward and embarrassing situation. “James, wait in the bedroom! Clint and Steve are here!” she shouts, before excusing herself. Steve hears Bucky’s footsteps come to a stop at her words and he senses a moment of hesitance, - presumably Bucky trying to figure out why the two of them are here at the same time, ignoring that it's just a coincidence - then the sound of the stairs creaking reaches his earshot.
They peel off from the sensitive subject when Steve tells Toni about how he used to weight 45kg at the age of 16, and she says “No waaay! Really?” with a bewildered laugh. Steve did have a very defining shift caused by his (late) puberty.
“Mhmm. We can clarify the time and place through text messages.” She approaches Steve with a flirtatious smile. “Goodnight, Steve.”
Steve’s mind clicks into place and he realizes he’s utterly misconceived every one of Toni’s ‘refusals’. He snorts faintly at himself for being such an idiot, and, taken by a boost of confidence at his newly found knowledge, he steps into Toni’s space, eyeing down at her azure irises through her mascara coated eyelashes. “I did, two times. I thought you…” He pauses, a blush creeping up his neck. “I thought you were rejecting me. Turns out you just somehow didn’t realize I wanted to make out?”
Steve lets out a little breathless laugh. Toni straightens up and takes a step closer to the blond man. “Do you want to find somewhere to sit down? I’ve been standing up for a while now, and these heels are killing me.”
Her words are confirmed when Toni steps into the tastefully decorated room: Steve’s already there. He already is a handsome person, incontestably, but his degree of beauty only expands when Toni tears her eyes off his face to look down at his figure. He's dressed in a extremely tight-looking shirt, covered with a fake leather jacket. His jeans look splendid on his long legs. And Toni’s always had a weak spot for combat boots - she finds them terribly hot on men.
As they’re exiting the premises, she speaks up. “I know a club not far from here. Do you want to go dancing there?”
To fave beefcake, delivered at 7:50: are you dead? did your movie producers already find out and murdered you?
“Aw, Steve’s back at it again, acting like a 70 years old grandpa,” Bucky teases his friend with a smirk.
To fave beefcake, delivered at 7:46: ill take that as a yes for both of my questions. youre not fooling anyone, my dear
“For you, mademoiselle, a délicieux bombay soup with a side of poutine with cremini mushroom sauce.” A brimming bowl made of porcelain ceramic gets placed in front of Toni, along with a small platter full of smoking hot fries doused with gravy.
Well, that was direct. Steve knows that the emoji was put there ironically, but the rest was surely her purposefully flirting with him. He swallows down the redness of his cheeks and tries to think of a good reply.
Steve's stupid brain flashes images of her being taken to bed by more than two men. His blood rushes to his face, and somewhere else. He finishes his food quietly.
She pushes her face back into her folded arms and exhales slowly. Rhodey picks up a muffled ‘all right.’
He examines his surroundings and comes to realization that the dimness is solely due to how, somehow, the windows are tinted dark. He sighs loudly and staggers with surprise when a resounding British-- when
Steve reaches down for his phone, which he dropped by accident on the asphalt when his hands started trembling uncontrollably. Maybe he’s having an anxiety attack, he’s had a few of those before, at big-time events where the whole world might as well have been watching him, thanks to the hundreds of cameras flashing everywhere. He inhales and exhales slowly, to calm himself, before opening the device. He’s planning on calling Bucky, the only person he can think of at the moment, but an unread message catches his eye.
“Yeah? By ‘inclinations’, do you mean just about their preferences in drinks, food and the like, or do you seek to gratify them in other matters as well?”
To Toni, delivered at 0:40: Well, I saw you two talking to each other at the party. You guys seemed too familiar to just be acquaintances, so I put 2 and 2 together
He doesn't remember right away why his phone is on silent mode, and is a little taken aback at the fact that it is. He's the type of person who hates replying late to his texts unless there’s something important that needs his immediate attention, so he never mutes his phone. After a dozens seconds of digging, a memory comes up.
After 10 minutes of dancing that had turned into 20 minutes of just bodies pressing against each other and moving together, grinding, Steve feels a vibration on his back pocket. That extirpates him from the eyes and body of the woman in front of him. He wipes his forehead lightly with the back of his hand before bringing his hands onto Toni’s waist. He leans into her ear. “Hey, do you want to get out of here?” His phone vibrates again.
“Ah, sucks.” She comes up on her tiptoes, tugging on the front of Steve's shirt, and they start kissing again, but this time it's more passionate. It makes Steve feel feverish and almost like he's high.
“Toni, seriously, let me clear the bill.” Toni argues some more. “Why are you so obsessed with paying if you say it’s no big deal?”
Without Steve quite realizing it right away, Toni leads them to the couch. When Steve's calves hit the bottom of the sofa, Toni backs away long enough to push Steve’s chest, who falls on his back. He leans up, using his elbows to do so, while Toni’s bending down to straddle his lap. They pick up where they left, their mouth on each other's already. Steve gasps and pleasure runs up his spine when Toni uses her thigh to grind against Steve's erection.
Peter can totally afford his own private chauffeur now, but he likes to text and phone Happy, so he sticks with him for emergency trips and big events.
“Nah, she’s a Stark. Her name is Antonia Natasha Stark. Her dad used to have business with the father of that cool girl I know, who is kinda my girlfriend,” Scott answers with a snort. He clears his throat. “Anyhow, you wanna hear something impressive? I’ve seen Antonia on the main cover of the Forbes, Rolling Stone AND Time magazines.”
Steve wasn’t even surprised. It was typical of Natasha to think 3 steps ahead and not taking risks for nothing.
Toni wonders who Steve’s friend is, because those were issued 9 years ago. She doesn't regret posing half naked, of course. In fact, she isn't ashamed at all and would totally be down to do it fully in the nude if she was in the mood, but she desires to keep a more or less professional image of herself for her flourishing company and for Pepper’s sake.
To Toni, delivered at 1:47: I could say the same about you, exempt for the muscles part. I’d replace that for ‘seductiveness’ (;
“Meh, who gives a fuck. I know I'm not in a much better state.” She licks her top lip as if it would change anything, but Steve knows she's in reality trying to tease him and test his self-control. He watches her wet her bottom lip with a slow flick of tongue, her gaze steadily watching him throughout the whole process, before he gives up and catches her mouth with his own. He sucks gently on her tongue, relishing in the feeling of pleasure rushing up his spine when she moans.
“I have a better idea. Later, we could round up a few people and come back to my place. It’ll be like an after party, plus we have an excessive amount of booze that Nat doesn’t like.”
“You know, I've always found the fact that you're the only one who always nudges me about my sanitary conditions ironic, considering that you're the one walking barefoot everywhere.”
“I guess so.” Steve raises his hands to his hips and his mouth turns upwards. “I wasn’t planning on doing that, though, so I’ll return to my house first to pick up a few items. I need a change of clothes anyway. Oh, and I won’t be back before 7, Sam and I are going out for a hotdog.”
He feels the elevator lower itself into the basement and slips out of it when the door slides open. Loud rock music is being played somewhere, though Steve can't see where, but it's loud enough that its bass makes the sandwiches shake lightly and the juice ripple.
Toni looks up at him and bites her lower lip slowly and purposefully, before spinning on her heels. She catches his arms and leads them to rest on her stomach. He complies and holds her stiffly, still whilst dancing along the song. Steve bends his head down and experimentally licks and softly sinks his teeth on Toni’s earlobe before moving on to her neck. She reacts by grinding, hard, against his crotch.
Steve pulls out his phone and sees 3 messages, one from 2 hours ago and the two most recent ones from earlier.
From Natasha, delivered at 23:17: Don’t forget, tomorrow you’ll have to tell me what happened with that girl. I want to know everything. (Can’t believe I finally won’t have to actively try to find you a girlfriend.)
Steve twines his fingers around her hand. “There are more people than I thought there’d be. Wouldn’t want to get lost,” he half-yells, gazing into Toni’s eyes, a smile hanging on his lips. Toni glimpses at his soft mouth before half-yelling back “sure,” knowing fully that it’s a pretext to hold hands. However, she doesn’t mind. At all.
She beams at him, and he returns the attention. Always the gentleman, Steve gets up from his seat the second he sees his date.
To fave beefcake, delivered at 10:34: i was busy getting crushed by the weight of all the paperwork i had to sort
Steve senses something stir besides him. ‘Something’ turns out to be ‘someone’, who turns out to be Toni. Steve feels too drowsy to move or even gape open an eye, but still forces out a barely audible groan with an interrogatory intonation to it.
“You remembering that I don’t consume alcohol. I’m pretty sure that’s literally the first thing I told you when we met. The fact that you remember I have a fondness for lemonade is less shocking, though.”
Emma, who had been sipping her martini, finishes it at last and taps on her friend’s shoulder. “I am so sorry, Toni, but I just remembered that I haven't congratulated Erik yet.” She kisses both of her cheeks before pressing one smooch on Steve’s. “Thanks for the drink, and enjoy your talk” she emphasizes the last word while looking meaningfully at Antonia with a sly smile before skedaddling away.
To Toni, delivered at 0:25: Wait, are you sure we're talking about the same person? My Nat is a redhead who’s dating a guy named Bucky Barnes. She’s an actress but debuted her career not too long ago
Steve considers himself a more-than-decent cook, so he takes the liberty to use Toni’s kitchen, planning on making her breakfast. He's never been there and when his feet hit the cold limestone floor, he lets out a small 'hum'. The room is massive, more so than he thought it'd be, but it's still a tad less large than Steve's. The dark cabinets are made of the finest wood, a beautiful contrast to the pale limestone covering not only the ground, but also the kitchen island. Similar to the ones Bucky and Nat own, the stoves are electrical ones, built into the top of the island.
Bucky grumbles but shuts up, pulling Natasha fiercely against his chest and kissing her on the head.
Seeing that, 5 minutes later, he still has no response, Steve gets up from his leather couch to go brush his teeth and prepare himself to go to bed.
From Toni, delivered at 1:39: and its alright. im a workaholic, so i usually sleep during the early morning anyways
The chorus is playing, but it’s still relatively a very gentle and calm melody. They sway among everyone in the dance floor, Steve enjoying his partner’s touch on his shoulders.
“We are so sorry if we're bothering you. We LOVE all of your movies,” shrieks the stranger with the yellow sparkling top.
They head to the bar, where he asks if they have lemonade. Miraculously so, they do, and while waiting for the bartender, they listen to the final part of Peter Parker’s speech.
“Do you know,” he halts his words for a second, while rolling his shoulders, for effect, “how much an entrance here is?”
“Bonsoir, madame. Do you have a reservation?” a woman with a distinctively pronounced English speaks to her.
Steve pulls her chair out and pushes it back when Toni sits down, then does the same. He still hasn't erased the smile from his face, but Toni doubts hers faded either.
She whips out a box with a soothing, matte exterior. Steve takes it gently from her hands and opens it. Laying on its bottom shines the beautiful dark, almost turquoise surface of a cell phone.
“Oh, those situations don't come even close to the weird shit I was thinking about.” She swallows and takes another bite, this time a bigger one, and chumps on it. Steve gives her an intentionally judgmental look while Toni tries visibly not to smile.
From Toni, delivered at 1:28: nah, calling their ceo wasnt necessary. i just texted the manager of the company’s closest restaurant location. they reply fast
He answers with ‘Roger that’ to Bucky’s text and starts to type out a reply for Natasha, but Toni comes back before he finishes. He closes his phone and tucks it back into his pocket.
“Ooh, Stevie,” Bucky smirks at him. “Is this why you haven’t asked to leave yet? Finally found something… captivating?”
“Listen up, people!” interrupts a man with a mic in hand. Steve identifies the British-accented voice to be Charles Xavier, one of the two hosts. He turns towards the stage and yep: there’s the guy sitting in his wheelchair. “I have the immense pleasure to announce you that the long-awaited karaoke stage is finally open! Let the real party begin! We’ll start with mister Peter Parker’s new hot single, “I Don’t Wanna Go”, which will be sung by him in duo with miss Shuri!”
Toni grins when Steve is startled. “You said you had an iPhone? Then you can say that JARVIS is similar to Siri, but so much better. He’s basically his own person and has the mind complexity of any average adult, although I did add a few protocols in case of unusual situations. We have conversations sometimes. Right, J?”
With the image of her gracefully walking and dress swaying a bit still printed on his mind with permanent ink, he pays and thanks the driver, having arrived at his house.
He follows Clint to the granite-floored kitchen, where a plate with a yet-untouched enormous slice of chocolate cake sits on the counter top. “Want some?” Before Steve can reply to that, he adds, “By the way, they told me everything, and Nat even happens to already know her. When do
The three fans whisper between themselves so loudly and excitedly that Toni can catch a few words. Suppressed screams are heard.
A car in diagonal from them ‘beep-beeps’, then Steve notices she’s clutching her car keys. They enter the silver sports car, him in the passenger seat and her behind the wheel.
“Hey Hawkeye.” It was a nickname Natasha came up with, given how impossibly sharp Clint’s eyesight is.
Toni is now noticeably uncomfortable and grips either side of her waist with a opposite arm, hugging her stomach, holding herself. “I want us to be in a relationship, you dummy. Why do you think the date was for?” she declares in a soft voice.
When Steve glances at a clock, it indicates 22:29, which is shocking, but at the same time, not really. Steve doesn’t want to sound cliché, but cannot find any other word to describe Toni when he says that she’s truly different from anybody he’s ever met.
Later that day, when Steve calls a cab to the restaurant Toni and him dined in and collects his motorcycle, he skips past the route that would’ve led him to his house, taking the road to Bucky and Nat’s instead.
From Toni, delivered at 1:32: a while back, before i made pepper (u might know her as virginia potts) the stark ind.’s ceo, natasha was my personal assistant. i guess she was making the smart move of stashing up some money before trying her chance as an actress. the rates of becoming successful in the movie industries are surprisingly low, and employees at stark ind (especially with her job) were paid well
From Natasha, delivered at 0:30: The girl you were crushing on, the one Buck told me about is Toni Stark??
To Toni, delivered at 1:42: You are one of the most successful women to have ever lived, but you don’t even have a regular sleep schedule??
Steve can't help but find her talking like that amusing, and his mouth twists upward. “You make it sound like you’re a psychologist soliciting their patient to recall traumatic events, or something like that.”
Steve knew it was a date, because duh, but seeing Toni confirm it makes his heart skip a beat. He’s grinning from ear to ear.
His hands leave her waist and Steve rests them on Toni's arms instead, warming up the cold skin by rubbing and massaging them with his hands. Toni's eyes are closed, in opposite to her mouth, and she makes soft noises.
Natasha stares at Steve, incredulous and pensive, before snapping her fingers. “Wait. I know why she did that: it’s surely because she’s trying to go slow with you.”
To Toni, delivered at 1:39: I guess I should stop keeping you from resting, then. You need your sleep (:
A dozen people start screaming 'Me!' and rushing to the stage, all wanting to be first and get the mic. None of them beats Peter Quill at it.
They laugh like juvenile delinquents and Steve merely chokes on the dry bread on two instances. Finally, with the couch in between them as a barrier, Steve slowly puts the last bite in his mouth, chewing it with a triumphant expression. Toni sighs and lets herself fall bonelessly on the sofa. “I guess I deserved that, but I'm still hungry.” She pouts, which would definitely seem ridiculous and childish if it were any other adult. Steve finds it endearing when Toni does it.
“Hey, isn't that Tasha’s bub?” Toni wiggles her eyebrows, which makes Steve laugh and lightens up the atmosphere.
Toni nods at the single bodyguard standing in front of the locked entrance, who returns the motion. She scans a glossy card and punches a password onto a screen. A tiny light bulb on top of the door shines and the guard opens the door for them with a welcoming smile.
He hesitates between going to the bathroom first to take shower, question of being more presentable before joining her, and going right now. He settles on the latter; the breakfast would get cold after ten minutes of waiting.
“Shotgun, then,” Clint says while he's still chewing on food, and he grins wider when Natasha gives him the dirtiest I-am-disgusted-by-you face.
“Hey, I was going to ask you if you wanted to dance? I know that song’s depressing as hell, but it’s perfect for a slow.”
She’s walking toward him with a grin, so sure that the man in the white t-shirt riding a motorbike is none other than Steve, despite his face not even being visible. He swallows and judges it best to leave his helmet on for the moment, in case Toni suddenly thinks, 'Oh, maybe I've mistaken that person for Steve' and leaves. That doesn't happen, of course.
20 minutes later, she steps into her bedroom, with the presence of Pepper, just as she promised. She’s staring out into the city, but turns her attention to the half-naked Toni, her arms still crossed and a filled to the brink pocket folder in her grip.
“Nah, don't apologize for your fans. It's better to have the public bothering you for pictures and cuddles than mocking you, believe me.” Toni sighs. “Okay, that was a no-brainer.” She imitates a deep voice and mocks herself: “no shit it's better to have fans than haters!”
The music is pounding into her ears and she feels the bass humming in her bones. Everyone is dancing and jumping with their arms in the air. In the center of the club, there’s a DJ who looks rather familiar to Toni. She’s pretty sure that he’s eastern-asian, even from how far away she is from him. At first, she thought he was a woman, because of the long black hair, but then she spotted the beard and the thick moustache.
Clint, who sat down on one of the two rotating bar stools to devour the sugary dessert, still clutching his coffee in one hand, spins around and squints at Steve. “I bet you were cuddling while watching some scary movie. And eating delivered pizza.”
Steve scoffs. “‘Not far from here’ was an understatement. It’s literally ten seconds away. All right, let’s go.” He grabs Toni’s hand and drags her with him, approaching promptly the edifice with a sizable neon sign displayed on the front.
To Stane, delivered at 10:09: The medical program has the potential to increase the stocks by 3 dollars.
Pepper starts moving out of the massive room and sweeps her fingers through the folder to ensure that everything crucial is there.
“Yeah, I’m doubtless that there's a high-ranking piece of shit in Stark Industries who's selling weapons from under the administration. I have my suspicions on who, but no proof.”
Toni says nothing and wets her lips before dragging him outside of the house, where there are already couples, small groups and loners who are talking, drinking and/or smoking. She tells him to stay here for a moment, before entering back into the building.
Toni turns her head upwards to look into Steve's blue eyes, and her mouth curls slightly before she ducks back down.
Steve knows that Toni wouldn’t mock or judge him even the slightest, but he still feels embarrassment when he reveals that he only did one year of art school for college and is basically just a highschool graduate. Toni shrugs it off and says that all of her education merits happened because her father had a lot of money. “College is already expensive, and you could literally buy a car with the yearly amount paid for the university I went to.”
He then is flabbergasted by the fact that he knows the name of the precise type of shoe she’s wearing. And how he knows what her bun is exactly called. ‘Someone is spending too much time with Natasha.’
“Funny, I see a divine creature right in front of me,” Toni comments with a flirtatious smile. Steve’s neck and cheeks burn up and he doesn’t reply to her remark.
She straightens herself up again, her legs in a W from Steve’s viewpoint. His breath hitches when Toni arms cross, each hand grasping a side of her tank top. Steve's eyes are glued on her, but his hands slide up, holding her hips. She lifts her arms and throws her top somewhere on the ground. Steve stares at her body, feeling a rush of arousal and love. His mouth starts feeling pasty and his tongue, heavy. God, she's gorgeous.
“Good evening, ladies. May I buy you beautiful women a drink?” Steve says, holding his gaze on only one of them.
Having heard his name, Bucky spins around and automatically lifts his pinkie and index while staring directly at Steve with a blank expression. Steve mirrors the movement: it's become their way of greeting, because they both find it funny. They look dumb, but neither of them cares.
Toni suddenly gets up from her seat and stretches her arms while scrunching her eyes. Steve simply can’t help but look fondly at her.
“Alright, alright. It was just an excuse to come up and admire the view from here, though the sky is notably grey today.”
Toni gulps down her mouthful and takes Steve's glass, washing down with his drink before he can stop her.
“Hey, I haven’t had a real drink yet!” exclaims Scott, already attempting at pulling Sam along with him. “Let’s get wasted. Who wants to start the round of shots?”
“Are you- are you okay?” Steve asks, worry colouring his voice. Sam sounds like he's either drunk or… drugged.
“You drink really fast.” Steve stares at her with wide eyes. The only other person he knows who can drink that fast is Scott Lang.
Her AI didn’t need to ask what she was asking about. “They are located on the first floor kitchen and on the seventh floor office.”
From Toni, delivered at 1:38: i could use the distraction for sure, but i might not have the time :( the board has been unusually avid for my attention and time lately
Steve’s brain still doesn’t accept what he just heard and he stutters incoherently. He draws in a breath leisurely and asks, in an equally delicate tone, “Then why did you reject me kissing you?”
Steve glances at Toni curiously when the man doesn’t request more money from him, but she replies with a shrug. They pay their due without sounding indignant or uncomfortable in the slightest. The bouncer attaches them a wristband that allows them to pass.
Emma replies instantly with a big smile. “Oh, of course you may, darling.” She swirls around and orders a vodka martini. Steve hands the bartender 10$ and tells him to keep the change.
Scalding water rolling off her skin, Toni thinks about Steve. She isn't the type to stress about dates and romantic relationships, so she doesn't. Instead, she closes her eyes and replays the best moments from the party in her mind.
Steve forces himself not to look as disappointed as he feels, taking into account that he really wished she brought with her what he came here for, so he could just disappear as fast as possible.
“You could say that it depends on the person.” Steve blushes ever so slightly and Toni is overcome by the urge to squish his adorable cheeks, or something.
She looks at him innocently. “Huh, you two haven’t kissed yet. How strange. Wait, then what did you do when you stayed over at her place?”
“James won’t mind because it’s not just anyone, it’s you two,” she smiles warmly. “And I won’t neither. I have to fly to Canada for an interview and a photoshoot tomorrow, anyways, which means I’ll be already gone early in the morning.”
“Sure, man,” he retorts, not quite believing Steve, “You'll tell me all about it later. See you.” And with that, he disconnects the call.
“I heard about the car accident, years ago, you know.” Steve inhales. “I know it probably means nothing, but I’m sorry.”
They’ve been texting for nearly a week now. In fact, Toni realizes that today’s Thursday, which means that tomorrow is their dinner date.
“You asked earlier if I wanted to… go back home with you,” she whispers. “I have to let you know that if I say no, it has absolutely nothing to do with you. Like I said, you’re wonderful. And amazing. And any other synonyms for that word.”
Toni glances at her car’s electronic screen. Goddammit, she’s going to be late - marginally so, but still.
It’s been months since she’s officially shut down the weapons manufacturing part of her industry, but Stane never let go and continually harasses her about how it was an ill-advised decision. His main point is always the same: they were the most profiting part of the whole business. Toni isn’t an idiot; she knows that weapons were what Stark Ind. built its ground on, but she isn’t greedy and immoral enough to continue something that led to unethical results.
To beloved redhead <3, delivered at 7:51: ive read somewhere that repetition is a literary tool used to put emphasis
Steve enters the elevator with a plate stacked with food gripped by his left hand, a clear pot of oat biscuits squeezed between the inner forearm of the same arm and the left side of his chest. On the other hand, he’s carrying two glasses full of apple juice. Steve internally thanks his dad for giving him big hands and long fingers.
In lieu of a reply, Steve simply takes it off, showing an bright but artificial smile. Toni mirrors it, and raises her hand towards Steve’s head, rustling his hair.
“Do you play the piano?” he asks when he notices the three-legged instrument, situated in a room west to the slim waterfall.
Toni watched the motion picture the evening after Steve mentioned it to her. He looked downright delicious in it, with the full beard and the rugged looks, which is the reason why Toni immediately bought its sequel afterwards. Steve sounded thrilled when Toni informed him about it during a Skype call, and was glad she had wonderfully positive feedback.
To Toni, delivered at 1:40: You do realize that’s a horrible habit? Responsible adults would sleep at least 8 hours a day
She wears her confidence like that a crown. Easy smiles, elegant postures, swell words (at least, Steve guesses, identifying the looks of admiration from the people around her when she opens her mouth). For some reason, her apparent cockiness doesn’t bother good-ol’ humble Steve at all.
Toni doesn't know and doesn't want to think about it at the moment. She’s already feeling too much anxiety from a whole lot of business-related preoccupations. She has a load of contracts to approve or deny and other documents to look at concerning her new plans for clean energy fuelled buildings, automobiles and whatnot.
“Wow,” he declares after the first bite. “I thought you were deliberately exaggerating your reaction. It kinda tastes the same as real meat.” He finishes it within the second bite and adds, “Okay, I have decided to convert to veganism now.”
Steve looks at the hefty roman numeral clock hung on the wall behind the sofa. He becomes suddenly aware that Sam has been waiting for him for half an hour.
“I’ll be sure to ask.” Steve pats Clint’s shoulder, then pulls Bucky into a brief one-armed hug and does the same for Natasha. “We’re playing Mario Kart, I hope?” It’s their favourite activity to do when the four of them are together, because they are all individually so competitive that they scream at each other throughout the whole time. Said like that, it sounds… intense, but in reality, it’s probably one of the things Steve like to do the most in the world. It’s like they’re in a real situation of life-or-death, and nothing is more gratifying than laughing maniacally while someone’s pleading mercy for dear life, before pressing the button that sends out the blue shell.
From Toni, delivered at 1:17: conveniently, i’m also business partners with their ceo, so i can get us easily a private booth in the restaurant
“Sorry.” They start walking in comfortable silence. Toni grabs and leans into Steve's arm, sniffing his good, mellow scent.
After a moment, Sam gives in: “An, uhm, ex contacted me. Bootycall, ‘course. She left this morning.”
Peter is Toni’s little brother. They aren’t actually blood-related, but they became fast friends after they met. Toni was instantly protective of him, due to him getting bullied at school by not one, but multiple douchebags.
Being somebody with a big artistic side, he likes to take his time to not only admire, but also to observe the beautiful things in life. So naturally, he starts staring at the resplendent woman, from head to toe. Creepy, he knows, but there’s just something about her that takes his breath away.
Steve shrugs off his jacket and covers the most he can manage of Toni’s upper body. He rests his chin on her head but keeps making his attempts at warming her with his arms. Toni shoves her face onto Steve's chest, her forehead pressed against the juncture of his collarbone and his shoulder.
But that's not what impresses Steve; it's the various objects clattered on almost every surface in the room that does. He spots 4 computer screens, a metal table littered with tools that he doesn't even know the name of, a motorcycle, a vintage car with fiery motifs printed on it, and - are those... robots?
“Do you wanna stay for a little while? I can make some coffee,” Toni asks, staring at Steve like she can sense something’s off.
“Aw, come on man. You know what they say: ‘nothing is impossible, the word itself has ‘I'm impossible’!” Buck snickers at the cringiness of the generic quote.
Toni nearly drops her propane torch when a remarkably loud ‘ding’ pierces through the relative quiet of her lab. She plugged her Stark phone some time ago - yesterday morning? Yesterday night? Two days back? - to the wall speakers so she could put her favourite Black Sabbath album on blast, but didn’t bother to reselect songs to play when all of Paranoid’s dynamic tracks eventually left place for silence.
Clint visits Bucky and Natasha’s apartment at least one time every single week. When Steve pointed out how uncanny and disturbing that was, the three of them just raised their shoulders and dismissed it. Steve doesn’t even think he knows who knew who first: did Bucky know Clint before he knew Natasha, or did Natasha know Clint before she knew Bucky? Who introduced who to who? The lines are blurred, nobody knows for sure.
“Hey Steve.”  They move out of the entrance after Steve lays his boots carefully down, on the shoe rack, while Clint continues babbling, “I actually just showed up, like five minutes ago. Buck told me he bought Nat’s favourite cake two days ago in honour of their three years anniversary, so I thought I’d help them eat it. You know, big cake and all. Sometimes I wonder if they’re going to get married soon. They should, shouldn’t they?”
“Alright, but first, I really need to drink something” replies Steve. Steve takes her hand and lifts her up, before making her do a twirl.
Toni finally leans in and buries her nose into the crook of Steve's warm neck. She drags her arms to his chest, holding onto his shoulders and inhales deeply his amazing scent. She’d trade anything for a lifetime of just smelling his skin. Toni feels him shiver when she lets out a breath.
While prepping the food, Steve reminisces yesterday night’s events. They fell asleep, cuddling, at almost 4 in the morning, after a night of talking, watching movies and eating delivered pizza. They actually only finished two films, both horror movies. They got Toni sneering, claiming the props and special effects were ‘lame as heck'. As for Steve, he was admittedly pretty wary during most of the suspenseful and intense scenes. He kept praising the actors’ performances after each movie ended.
At that, Toni raises an eyebrow and lets go of her arms, before tilting her head. “What do you mean? You never tried to kiss me.”
Toni wakes up with a noisy yawn. She stays immobile for a brief time, savouring the warmth of her sheets. Her hand stretches to the bedside table and searches for her phone. She then remembers that she left it in one of the kitchens.
Steve tugs the device into his jeans’ back pocket and goes back to the kitchen, where his friends are discussing about a topic with animosity. He interrupts them to ask what they're chatting about.
“And, I mean,” Sam grabs Steve’s shoulders, pushing him towards the bar, “the worst thing that could happen would be that you get completely and utterly ignored by her.”
From honeybear!!!, delivered at 11:04: You look lovely and all but. My. Eyes. Are. Burning. It's like seeing my sister naked (if I did have a sister), but worst.
They are familiar with each other to the point that Steve occasionally suspects they’re in a polygamy relationship, but that thought is erased when he recalls that ah, right, Clint is married to Laura Barton and has three kids.
“Do you want to come home with me? I have... some cool stuff I wanna show you. I’ll send a tow truck for your bike if it's necessary.” Steve cracks a smile and glances down at his shoes shyly, as if he's been waiting for something like that for some time, before looking back up. Toni finds the whole thing endearing as fuck.
“I know a couple songs, but I don't play often. Maria, my adoptive mother, liked to play, so it's more to remember her than anything else.”
Not wanting to know what that “something” was, Steve ignores half of her text and decides to ask about how the after party is going.
Toni laughs. “You say it like you just changed religions.” She takes in a mouthful of poutine and closes her eyes in glee. Her taste buds just died and flew to heaven. “You have to try this.” She shoves a forkful of her food into Steve’s mouth. He chomps on it, then licks a speck of brown sauce off the corner of his bottom lip.
To fave beefcake, delivered at 7:43: i see youre up as early as usual. have you gone on your morning run yet?
He undoes the first few buttons of his shirt and pushes back his sleeves. With the image of her dancing so hotly and so close to him still printed on his mind with permanent ink, he pours himself some wine. His cell phone vibrates; it’s definitely Natasha checking on him, which makes him remember that he hasn’t replied to her texts yet. A small part of him hopes it’s Toni, but his assumption was right.
“I was lingering for 15 minutes in the entryway of the Tower. You should’ve told me you wanted me to join you outside. Unless you just got here?”
Her cheeks dimples and she says innocently: “I don’t think anyone there would do something like that. The entrance prices is 500$ for women and 550$ for men. It’s basically filled with arrogant snobs.”
From Natasha, delivered at 23:16: Is everything good? Just making sure. If you need a ride, call Sam.
“Do you want the short drive or the long drive home?” she asks with a challenging smile while chewing actively.
Her cherry red cocktail dress and her gladiator heels of the same colour fit her with perfection. Her straight, marionberry black locks are up in a bohemian braid bun that shows off a defined jaw complexion. The whole look is completed with stunning honey gold jewelry: drops earring, lace choker and chain bracelets. She has manifestly a Nat-level sense of fashion.
Steve pinches the bridge of his nose and cocks one hand on his hip. Of course they already spilled everything to Clint. “Thank you, but I’m already bloated from eating too much spaghetti. And we aren’t dating, I don’t know if we ever will, to be quite honest,” he finishes weakly.
Steve, who was tired from the moment he stepped out of Bucky’s condo, agrees. She pulls him towards a more secluded part, away from the blaring speakers, where there are fancy metal chairs and sits down, offering a devastatingly endearing smile up at the blonde man. There are a few people babbling around them, but Toni and Steve care as much about those presences as they do about them.
“Ohh, mademoiselle Antonia!” the woman repeats with a smile. “S’il-vous-plaît, veuillez me suivre par ici.” She leads Toni to the back of the fancy place, where an imposing velvet curtain is pulled.
“Okay okay. Yeah, I think I’ve seen her before,” Bucky starts, and then scratches his head, trying to remember something. “Oh yeah, she’s not really your traditional celebrity who got known thanks to the media, that’s probably why we don’t really know who she is. She’s a member of one of the richest families in the world. Forgot if it was the Rand family or maybe... the Von Doom one? I just know she’s one of the billionaires,” Bucky finishes, with a tone of incertitude.
“True,” Clint chimes in. He picks up his empty dish and fork, bringing them under the faucet, where he starts cleaning them.
Steve snorts at her comment and sits down, perhaps a bit closer to Toni than necessary. “He told me something like that, about how the ladies love longer hair, the day he decided he was going to let his grow, which was…” Steve ‘whews’ out a breath, “about 7 years ago. Can you believe he's kept practically the same length of hair for all those years? But honestly, he was popular among the ladies since even before that phase. It's just that after the new hair, the amount of... admirers, tripled.”
Steve promptly regrets sending his text, again, because it’s, without doubt, the lamest thing anyone could’ve ever replied to what Toni sent him. He pushes down the feeling of wanting to slap his face and strolls out of the building, praying he won’t get stopped by fans, or worse, the pap.
It’s not their ongoing relationship status itself that is disappointing, it’s just that Steve can’t help but crave for more. Every single time he thinks about her, talks to her, sees her, his heart flutters when he does, and his nerves feel like they’re going to burn out when Toni touches him
Steve types out something else too, but struggles between deleting it, in case it sounds creepy, and dropping it anyway. He thinks ‘screw it’ and sends it, but still adds a winky face to make it seem more like he’s just kidding.
Loud cheers explode from everywhere. Steve internally sighs. It’s been three days since that melancholic pop song about heartbreak had come out, yet he feels like he’s heard it two hundred times already. He could already hear the damn guitar chords in which the song begins.
They haven’t even known each other for two weeks tops, but Steve would be lying if he said this isn’t the most in love he’s been in his life, which is kind of insane.
Toni shrugs. “You eat really fast. I've just started my second sandwich and you've already exterminated both of yours!”
On the Flaunt cover, Toni is sitting on the ground, head tilted and knees spread out. The angle is a little sideways, so you don't see further than her inner thigh. She’s wearing a loose, off-the-shoulder blue crop top that essentially hid as much as her white bra. Her white shorts are, in contrast, so tight and cut so short that you can see, what, half her butt? Her tongue’s running over her lip seductively and her eyes are looking straight at the camera. Her right hand is over her naturally flat, waist-long hair. Her left is touching the floor in beside her left thigh, to balance herself whilst she’s leaning back slightly.
She was 20 and in her I-don't-care-I-do-what-I-want phase. The Cosmopolitan picture of her is raunchy enough (whoever runs that magazine really love to sexualise everything. They talk about sex in every single issue they release), but the Flaunt photo is pretty filthy.
It’s true. Toni forced herself to fry two eggs and slick a toasted slice of bread with crunchy peanut butter before even touching her phone.
Seconds after he hopped into his unmade bed, he hears a faint ‘ding’. Yawning, he goes back into his bathroom, where he left his phone.
“Showering as of now. I was planning on joining him, but heard the door open and close.” Natasha’s lips stretch into a large smirk. “Sooo… How’s Toni? Is she still a wonderful kisser?”
. Steve smiles and decides he’ll bring the jar with the least baked goods in it, deducing that that must be her preferred type of cookie.
An idea suddenly pops in his mind. Steve smirks and snatches the food from her fingers, faster than lightning. H proceeds to shove it as quickly as he can in his mouth, all the while he runs around the living room to escape Toni, who's pursuing him.
Toni's more notable and most memorable photoshoots were with Forbes and Time. They both happened in the last 4 years. Toni sighs at the happy memories and fills herself a glass of water.
“The blue shirt highlights your eyes. And you should roll up your sleeves, Rogers; girls love that a lot more than you’d expect,” she informed him with a smirk. Steve executed what he was told with a raise of his eyebrows.
Steve must’ve missed that, too busy having a panic attack. But it doesn’t change anything, not anymore. Steve feels awfully vulnerable and ashamed right now, so he doesn’t balk, already pulling the face shield back. Besides, if Toni was really planning on coming down in 30 minutes, she’d be late: it’s already 18:25.
Toni doesn’t pretend to not know what he’s talking about, doesn’t trouble herself with a play dumb act. Instead, she surprises Steve when she bursts out with, “Sorry if it’s not mutual, but yes I do.”
Steve, having channeled all the confidence he could, joins the two women with what he hopes is a charming smile on his face. With the three men on his left making a poor effort in looking like they’re just minding their own business and staring ‘casually’ in Steve’s direction, pretending they're admiring the decorations, Steve gets a little more nervous. He knows that Antonia is not buying their act and probably judging them internally.
Steve is about to call Sam when he decides that it would be best not to bother him when he could just take a cab instead. He’s weirdly not tired; adrenaline and a rush of delight is still coursing through him because of the kisses. It doesn’t really bother him too much that that was all that happened, although he had to admit he wished more would’ve happened. Oh well. He’ll take whatever Toni’ll give him without complaint.
Steve doesn’t rely on his voice to not be shaky, but he can’t let her know how upset he is, so he croaks out, “Sorry. I needed… some fresh air.” His voice sounded completely normal, and he sighs without making it too obvious, relieved.
He lifts his eyebrows, directing his gaze away from her and at what is in his hands, before bringing them back to Toni, so that she realizes he brought breakfast. She quickly opens the door and relieves him of the cookie jar and one of the glasses.
So he does. He leans his head down, closing slowly the gap between their faces while maintaining eye contact, and he’s few centimeters from her lips-
Steve is a little taken aback, because he didn't expect the subject of the conversation to be about that.
“I bet he was. Tasha has shown me pictures of him, and I can tell you that long hair and man buns are very catchy with women.” Toni lies down on the couch. She's already drunk all of her juice, so she sets the cup on the low, oval table. She pats the cushion next to her as an invitation for Steve to mimic her.
The third message turns out to be a picture. Steve taps on it so that image expands, and there she is, wearing said jacket. It’s a selfie, and although only one third of her body is seen in it, Steve finds it impossibly sublime on her, even if it’s visibly a couple of sizes too big. He feels an inexplicable rush of possessive satisfaction at the sight, as if Toni wearing Steve’s clothing makes her his.
Natasha huffs and doesn't further comment on the topic. "Steve, do you remember when the filming starts for you-know-what?”
Steve looks at her with an abashed look, colour filling his cheeks. He finally finds what he's been looking for and takes out her phone. “Hey, I’ve never seen this model before. Is it… an Android?”
He hears Sam grunt again, but is pretty sure it this time, it isn't because he's stretching, but Steve still waits for him to start talking.
He lifts the device, turning it around in his hands to observe it from all angles and slides his fingers over the smooth, entirely black front screen. Steve sees his name engraved on the side of the phone.
Toni’s eyes crinkle adorably when she laughs. “Ah, that used to be me.” She puckers her lips and messes with her hair using her fingers, even though it was already perfect. “I have been involved in some weeeird situations before. You don't even want to know. Unless you do want to?”
From Toni, delivered at 1:16: so i was going to propose going to this vegan place called copper’s branch. apparently, its super good, and i wanna try new things
Natasha lifts her arm up and drains the lukewarm coffee, before jumping down and guiding herself to the sink. She rinses the container two, three times, reckoning it a waste of energy to wash it assiduously with soap. “Do you want to stay for the night, Steve? One of you,” she glances back and forth between the two men, “could take the couch while the other sleeps in the guestroom. I’d suggest you do the latter, Clint, because we were too lazy to change the sheets since our last visitor, and you’re gross enough to not care.”
“The XMA  Awards announced today afternoon the winners. Nat was nominated in five categories, as you already know, but she didn't win any of them. The winners are supposed to be selected by their quantity of votes, and there is no way in hell Nat didn't take over at least three of the five she was nominated in,” he continues angrily as he washes aggressively the plum, before biting into it harshly.
At first, Steve was going to dress up in a suit, believing that they were going to a gala of some sort. Upon seeing him with a tuxedo in hand, Sam hurried to correct Steve's wrong assumptions to specify that it is but a casual party in honour of Erik’s new modelling contracts with two huge magazine agencies: Glamour and ASOS.
She takes a small bite from her sandwich and sends him an inquiring look. Steve, knowing that she’s only joking, nudges her in the shoulder. “Err, no thanks. I don't want to know if you've done a ‘ménage à trois’ before. Nope.”
“Tonight has been wonderful,” she lets out with a happy sigh. Toni turns her eyes away from the sky and redirects them to Steve’s eyes while a smile slowly creeps out. “But do you what was even more wonderful?”
“Oh fuck, you're so hot. In every sense of the word.” Steve laughs, his chest shaking slightly, but he's cut off by a flinch when Toni’s hands fly up his back, under his shirt, without a warning.
Natasha takes the pot from Clint’s grip and guzzles the brown liquid before knocking it down on the counter with a pensive expression. “From what you told me about what you two did and talked about, during that evening you first met her, it sounded to me like she indeed actually was interested in you. Maybe you're simply biased by your own strong belief that she rejected you because she wants you as a friend. Besides, why would she even invite you to what is explicitly a date, if that was the case?” She pauses to wait for a reaction that comes as a half-shouldered shrug. “Why don't you describe me how that date went and what the two of you did afterwards? I'll analyze the situation and her signals better, being from a neutral standpoint, and also because I'm just much better than you at reading people.”
“Rhodey had an accident, and at the hospital, when Stephen and the other doctor came to explain what was wrong--”
“Toni is very clearly interested in me as only a friend. I don't want to make the mistake of trying my chance to romantically be with her another time, in case she finally notices. Maybe the first two times she didn't note it, but there's no way she'll miss it a third time. She’d… She’d be scandalized and would end our friendship, which I can’t have.”
Steve looks around. There are no rooms around him. Confused, he calls out JARVIS, questioning him where he is.
When Steve displays a dubious expression in response, she wraps her arms around Steve’s neck from his side and cooes, “Oh, don’t be heartbroken, Rogers. Trust me. If she hasn’t made the first move yet, it’s definitely likely because she wants something serious out of this. Which is good news, eh?”
“Of course we figured that out, Steve,” Bucky replies with a snort, throwing away the fruit’s core. “It’s still annoying. I mean, even knowing all that, why the fuck would the producers choose Madelyne Pryor over Nat for Best Fem--”
Just as he hears Peter Parker himself come up on stage and start awkwardly with 'Uhh, hey guys', Toni tugs at Steve’s hand. He looks down at her and almost squeals; they’ve never been that close: Toni must’ve pulled her chair closer while he was distracted. He has to restrain himself hard to not do something out of place, like kiss her right here and right now at the sight of her simultaneously adorable and hot face. A grin painted itself on her red lips just as she leans her head next to his ear and says:
“My house has those really high fences with a gate, you know? Those… bothersome freelancers are always parked at that entrance, so I simply went out from my backyard where there’s literally a door conceived for me to go out without having to go through them. I can only use my motorcycle when I do that, but it’s not an issue and even provides me a headpiece in which I can hide my face.”
“So I don't know if you know, but my company used to be a weapons contractor. It was basically all it was known for. Months ago, I shut it all down.”
Toni smirks. “Maybe I was distracted by some other stuff.” She grazes Steve’s arm with the tip of her fingers, running them slowly from his shoulder to his elbow. Steve feels his skin shiver at the contact and glances at her hand, but his eyes soon flicker back to her face. His hands come up to her shoulder blades, before he slides them down and holds them on Toni’s hips, rubbing his thumbs in small circles.
From fave beefcake, delivered at 10:50: Well, there’s that, and there’s one from the Cosmopolitan and Flaunt magazines
When he regains consciousness, he blinks open his eyes sluggishly and sits up. Steve picks up his phone, which was previously stuck in one of the sofa’s creases. His forehead wrinkles with perplexity when the time indicates 8:40; how is it so dim if it’s this late? Steve puts down the device, deeming it unimportant to check if he has new messages.
He stays near the elevator while thinking about what he should say back, his fingers frozen hovering above the screen and his eyes frozen on the racy selfie.
“Was fun, wasn't it?” Toni agrees, all sweaty. Her high ponytail is a mess. She passes a hand over her head, pulling back the two front strands she left out of the ponytail on purpose. “You are one confident dancer.” She pokes his chest with a finger.
In lack of response, she pouts, which makes Steve stare at her, exasperated. Unfortunately for Toni, Steve is as much of a headstrong person as she is, but she looks too dear, even when she’s all sulky, so he proposes to compromise. “Half-half?” Toni capitulates.
Peppers ignores her and adds: “By the way, in case you haven’t noticed yet, it’s Thursday. Which means tomorrow is your date with that-” she gestures quotations marks with her fingers “‘super hot beefcake of a man’. You two have been talking quite regularly via phones, haven't you?”
They eventually scattered around (Sam probably went third-wheeling Bucky and Nat), leaving Steve alone. Being on his own neither stressed or irritated him; without difficulty, he got into conversations with various people.
“Miss Stark is currently in her workshop. I can bring you to it; you have authorized access to the elevator.”
After the four sandwiches are made and done, Steve glances at his phone, which shows that the time is 9:03.
Steve mirrors the same state as her, sweaty and tousled hair. It's an gorgeous look on him and makes him seem a hundred times more edible. Toni can't help lifting her palm and putting it on the side of his face. She even dares to run her thumb over the edge of his mouth. Steve looks down at her with a strange expression. A hopeful one.
Steve sets his phone down and rubs his eyes vigorously. He tries to think about anything else than the bold, sharp, charming, generous, fascinating woman whom he just spent the best evening of his life with. After 10 minutes of unsuccessful attempts at it, he opens his phone again and starts playing some of the songs Sam recommended him.
He answers her question accompanied with one of his own, asking if she’s planning on buying it. The thought of Toni watching that film delights him, seeing as he looked particularly good in it. That is according to all of his friends, at least.
“On your personal device, they are all from a contact named ‘fave beefcake’, who I’ve identified to be Steven G. Rogers.” Toni snickers at how his tone was pretty much dripping with judgement when he said the words ‘fave beefcake’. “On your business-only device, one is from Happy Hogan and the other from Obadiah Stane.”
The thing is, it isn’t just her physicality and her pretty face. When you look at her, especially when she’s engaged in a conversation, you just see that she’s one of those confident, maybe borderline arrogant, but charming extroverts. When she talks, everyone in her entourage give 120% of their attention.
From Toni, delivered at 17:28: come back to pick it up and i might show you how much hotter i can look without the jacket ;)
The current group she’s conversing with are laughing, what, every 10 seconds? Steve sneers. Are they trying to gratify her or is what she says genuinely hilarious?
From Hogan, delivered at 6:45: Good morning. You’ve requested a ride for tonight at 18:40, but Peter Parker just called me to ask if I could give him a lift for around the same time. It’s for a presentation at the GRAMMY Museum. Do you want me to send him a taxi?
This definitely caught Steve’s attention. His heart starts beating loudly and he's appalled by the idea that one of his best friends and the lady he has a crush on know each other, somehow.
Steve was about to dig in with the soup first, but upon Toni’s reaction, he replaces his spoon for a piece of his spicy side dish.
“Yes. The clubs hate men passionately,” she jokes back. “Sooo… It’s a yes?” she shows him her most charming look.
From Natasha, delivered at 1:05: And no, we weren’t having sex. I was helping him clean up the mess of the after party.
“Don't you find it frustrating how so many award shows are rigged?”, Bucky asks with an exasperated sound.
. He backs away, puts some space between them, and even though he’s telling his hand to reach for the shield it still doesn’t move.
be. Maybe there is something in his genes that knows she’s his, or some reverberation across realities,
When Steve laughs he throws his head back. It starts in his belly and works it's way up his chest, until he's grabbing at himself, his body vibrating, humming, until it pops like a bursting balloon from behind his teeth. His fair skin flushes, pink down the line of his neck and a bright red on his cheeks. And then he reaches out for Tony, in the driver's seat, sitting across from him in the booth of a diner, at the Soap Box Derby Hall of Fame. He reaches out and puts his warm hand on Tony's shoulder or chest, and the touch unlocks something inside him, something usually wound tight, until Tony starts laughing too.
“I don’t belong here,” he says. “Maybe I’ll get used to it, maybe I’d fall in love and find a family and want all of this, but I
There was a candy store around the corner when he was a kid.  They had fountain sodas and a jukebox. When the Trolley Dodgers played the old man who owned it always kept the radio loud and let him and Bucky sit behind the counter and eat sweets as they listened.  His wife was a stout woman with rosy cheeks, who was kind and generous and always made sure his coat was stuffed with old newspaper in the winter, to keep him warm.
There’s no way, Steve knows that. He’s seen impossible things, that’s true, but this would be something else if he believed it. It’s too big. There’s only one thing really makes
For once Steve falls asleep first.  After two weeks of watching him toss and turn, flip onto his back, onto his stomach, get up at 3am to go for a run, and then fall into bed to not sleep again, it’s a little unsettling to see him pass out as soon as his head hits the pillow.  It’s not like he’s choosing to watch Captain America sleep, but if Steve’s good at having insomnia Tony is a goddamn Olympic athlete.
Tony and Steve are friends. Good friends most days. And Tony’s not turning his nose down at that. His friendship with Steve is one of the most important - maybe The Most Important - in his life. But the torch he’s been carrying for a while now has been feeling a lot heavier since
this is the real chapter seven and this story is longer than i was expecting but sometimes it just be like that
face on, which means she’s in light interrogation mode. It doesn’t escape Tony’s attention that Steve takes a step closer, almost shoving between them, as if his instinct is to protect the girl.
“Sorry,” Steve pants, straightening himself out and tugging his hat down a bit more.  “Sometimes I just can’t, uh, shake it. Thank you.”
is so shocking he almost pulls the car over.  He doesn’t. But the Q8 does swerve when Tony briefly loses control of his body, and Steve laughs a little as he rights the wheel for him.
friends, hard won, fought for, worked on - it's just weird. They can live together and fight together, but Tony's not so sure a few weeks with just the two of them in a car is a good idea.
Tony keeps driving, his hands tight around the steering wheel to keep them still. The playlist shuffles through three more songs, but the car is so quiet he can hear the soft sound of night falling around them.  It’s long enough for him to think about Pepper, about the suits he made and destroyed, about being cold in the middle of nowhere, his brain - his most important asset - turning on him, strangling him to death in the snow.
“I needed the sceptre.  There was no other way,” he says. 2012’s Steve leans forward, elbows resting on his knees. “I’m sorry.”
Edwin Jarvis smiles, big and genuine if a little confused. He briefly looks down at Steve’s shirt and then says, “My pleasure, Captain.”
Past him takes a deep, hard breath, his hands fisted so tightly they’re turning red and white knuckled. Steve remembers that anger. The sound of his fists hitting the bag echoing around Joe’s gym. Every broken glass and faucet and countertop in his apartment. The way it burned inside him even when his skin still felt like ice.
Blue and golden, with little hints of red along the repulsor. The blast he aims at the far wall burns right into Bruce’s lab. It’s stronger than anything he’s ever built.
Natasha interrupts, slapping Tony in the side of the head with her gloved hand. “JARVIS, note the day.”
“I know,” Steve says, and there’s a little grin hidden at the corner of his mouth.  His voice is dry as a desert. “Three weeks without any tech, no FRIDAY, no suit. It’s impressive. I’m
“Tony,” Steve breathes, and turns even further way. Until Tony can hardly see his face. He lowers his shaking head. “I’m not an
Clint’s already put a two bowl dent in a brand new box of Fruit Loops when she arrives. It’s an overcast Tuesday morning, chilly for the middle of July, and he doesn’t catch the first few things she says. Too distracted by the glowing portal the girl has just stepped through and the fact that it’s closing behind her. And anyway, he doesn’t have his hearing aids in.
. You are Iron Man, you’ve made that clear. I’m not always Captain America. I’m not the guy you think I am.”
“It’s not him,” Steve says, and looks up to Iron Man. He’s hanging from the sky like the sun. “Not -“
There’s a beat - a heavy, uncomfortable silence - and Steve’s eyes are burning into Tony again, but the look on his face is unreadable.
“I want to know everything,” he says. “Everything you know about where Buck is. Everything important.”
Since before this universe’s Captain America came out of the ice. Her parents have been together for over two decades; working together, loving each other, saving the world, and starting a family.
Stark’s right there,” Joe says, pointing over a shoulder with his thumb. “Not past tense. Ticker’s still a little messed up but he seems to be doing alright.”
It's a Tuesday, fresh off their latest run-in with the Wrecking Crew when Steve asks, and knocks Tony sideways.
And Steve is pressed against him in the dark, breathing warmly against Tony’s shoulder. He says, with more honesty than Tony was expecting, “I don’t know. I haven’t figured it all out yet. But you make me feel like I belong here. You gave me a home, Shellhead. I didn’t even know I wanted one.”
Finally the other Steve meets his eye, his chest heaving, he says, “You said - You said Bucky is alive?”
He looks like he’s trying to be furious but all he can manage is defeat, his body folding in on itself. Steve knows he’s a big guy, but looking at himself like this, he’s so incredibly small. Like a kid.
When he looks up it’s not a soldier, or Mrs. McCarthy, or Joe. The figure shimmers once more, gold and silver against the blue sky and all the universe behind it. It kneels next to Steve, their knees almost touching, and there’s no storm inside him. Everything is soft and peaceful and full of joy.
“He’s so annoying,” Elizabeth says. “I couldn’t stand it. I’d rather jump into a spacetime vortex than listen to him.”
No, it’s not Loki. It’s the thing that’s been beside him since this mission started. That comforted him on Vormir and Morag. Spoke to him at Camp Lehigh. Wept with him just a little bit ago across the river, before his last jump.
Tony listens with both ears, even as he works, to the conversation Elizabeth and Nat are having. Strange is off in the corner doing his thing - whatever the hell that is - scanning her and scanning the multiverse and trying to find the place where she belongs. Or something. The room is silent but for their talking. It’s not like Tony is eavesdropping.
She pulls away and Tony takes her face in his hands, just to look at her.  The perfect mix of him and Steve, smart as a whip, brave and strong and kind.  It’s easy to imagine how much her mother loves her; Tony can feel its warmth inside him.  It’s beautiful, and it aches.
It’s his turn to awkwardly heavy-breathe and blush, too stunned to stop Steve from walking away from him. Too slow to kiss him before the moment is gone.
Something breaks. Not a sudden, unexpected snap, but the way something breaks under years of stress and a weight it was never built to carry. A slow bend that gives way.
Steve turns to him, but his wide eyes are glued to Tony’s shoulder. It’s thrilling to see how hard he’s breathing, to see the blush spreading from his cheeks down the line of his neck and disappearing behind his overwashed hoodie. Three weeks ago, Tony would have been asking FRIDAY to scan
Strange comes out of his weird and annoying magical suptor by the next morning.  As always he’s vaguely condescending and blatantly a pain in the ass about the fact he’s solved all their problems. Once again. With his weird and annoying hot yoga ancient new-age bullshit.
, and sleeps a little better for a few nights. Other times he meets an evil Hydra Captain America, and doesn’t.
“I’m here to help, sir,” the man says, and there’s something about it - about the cadence of it, his voice, the amusement wrapped up in the words - it makes Steve finally look at him. The man holds out his hand. “Edwin Jarvis.”
“Yes,” Strange says, and if pressed, Tony would say he looks shaken. “Of course. Yes. With some help from Tony and a few adjustments to the device Reed Richards has given you, I believe I can clear a path for you back to your own reality. Perhaps Miss Maximoff can lend a hand as well?”
That he hums when he brushes his teeth. His preferred milkshake flavor is Strawberry and he understands the
There’s no room to breathe in this timeline. The Avengers haven’t gone their separate ways - SHIELD, and HYDRA inside it, is making sure of that. Not only did they let the Tesseract and Loki slip through their fingers, the sceptre is missing too. As far as Steve can tell SHIELD doesn’t suspect him. They haven’t tried to apprehend 2012’s Steve.
“Don’t even think about it,” she admonishes kindly. She says, sitting down and sliding over his half-eaten bowl of cereal and taking up the spoon, “My name is Elizabeth Rogers. Is my dad around?”
And then it’s gone. Replaced by something bottomless and warm. The tense lines of his face fade away and are replaced by a relaxed smile. It’s only Tony’s wild imagination that makes it seem a little sad.
Steve feels flush with embarrassment, but there’s no use in being dishonest even if that’s what his instincts are crying out to do.  He can’t explain about the time he’s spent mourning Natasha and Tony across space and time.  All the shores in the past and future he cried in front of.  Doesn’t know how to express any of it.
When she finally comes to him, Tony secures the watch back around her wrist with steady, absolutely not shaking fingers.
Tony doesn’t know what to say to that. Has no idea what to make of it. So instead he drums his hands on the roof of the car to grab Steve’s attention.
on the sleeve of her bomber jacket. It’s hard, he thinks, to keep track of all the youngsters these days. Maybe that’s why she looks familiar.
. All kinds of things Tony decided years ago he didn’t want to know, actually. Because knowing only ever complicated matters. Makes it difficult to ignore the pull in his gut, the feeling that drags him, always, always closer to Steve.
When Steve falls asleep with his head resting on Tony’s shoulder, a warm wave of affection washes over him. The way it has before. The way it will again, no doubt.
“It was a spell,” Strange says, just floating there by the refrigerator. Just because he’s absolutely unbearable. “A very complicated one. There were signs I have engaged with it previously. I’m assuming you’ve spoken to me before about this?”
It’s been two weeks since the Battle of New York, and everyday that Steve hesitates, the mind stone gets heavier.
But it’s difficult to believe, even if he’s accepting the being's help. The risk is worth it and Steve really has nothing left to lose. It’s slightly embarrassing now to think he’d begged for this. Just the opportunity for a second chance.
Steve says, in a voice that Tony hates the most but still makes his skin tingle pleasantly. That fond, exasperated, warning of a way that sounds like,
Elizabeth Rogers is gone just as fast as she arrived and Tony finds a hole inside him that hadn’t been there three days ago.
"How hard did Garthwaite whack you in the head with that crowbar this time?" Tony asks. "FRIDAY, give me a full scan of Cap’s brain.”
“Of course he is,” Joe says. “A soul, whatever you want to call it, everyone only gets one of those. He’s the guy you just watched save the universe. And he’s this guy about to save the city.”
Steve is sitting in the sunshine of Busch Stadium, wearing a white t-shirt and blue jeans and a baseball cap, looking both like a regular guy and as if he’s waiting to shoot another Captain America PSA about sunscreen.  He’s drinking beer and eating nachos, and Tony suspects he’d be shouting at the home plate umpire if they hadn’t already been made as Captain America and Iron Man by the crowd. Next time they go to a game, Tony thinks, he’ll get a box. Just to give him - give them both - a little room to breathe.
He couldn’t follow Pepper and Rhodey, didn’t belong there, wouldn’t be welcomed. Couldn’t. Tony is -
Elizabeth smiles.  It’s a little sad, a lot understanding, and it makes Tony flush hot across his cheeks and the back of his neck.
“I just want to go home,” she says again. Curls in on herself too small, too vulnerable, too much like him that Tony has to look away. Those long nights alone in his room, at boarding school, at MIT, still feel fresh in his mind when he looks at her.
Clint doesn’t make a habit out of listening to other people’s conversations. At least not at the compound. Their business isn’t his, and if experience has taught him anything it’s that the less he knows about their interpersonal drama the better he fairs.  It’s why, most  the time, he leaves out his hearing aids when he’s home.
Tony closes his eyes and tries to breathe and pretends he doesn’t feel the way Steve’s eyes are burning into him.
They come up on the last Manhattan stop, the train rattling as it slows. The doors open and wait for no one then close again. And it continues on across the river.
“Not always,” Joe says. “I know you’re thinking about going back to Peggy. You could. Every moment of a life with her would be beautiful.”
Without light pollution, there are a million stars strewn across the sky, unblinking, being born and dying, and they still terrify him.
The step back Steve takes when he sees himself and Tony making their way across the yard is involuntary. Tony is still alive a few dozen feet away, and Steve is painfully aware of what it’s like to stand next to him.  That midday sun feeling and the energy that rolls off him in unstoppable waves. They’re walking close enough they could brush shoulders and it would only take a slight twitch of his wrist to touch Tony’s hand. His skin would still be warm.
It hurts to think it. Hurts so much his legs give out and he finds himself on his knees again. Steve isn’t the person who went in the ice, he’s not, he told Tony that years ago. He’s not even the version of himself fighting just a few long city blocks away.
“Take care of yourself,” he says. “Take care of your dad, huh? And give your mother a break. She’s a pain in the ass, but I promise, she’s trying.”
Steve is pilant under his hands. Opens his mouth wide to let Tony in.  He yields, and gives, and opens, and makes it easy for Tony to do the same. And every sound he makes is small, even when it’s loud, and has meaning.
There’s a dangerous trembling in Elizabeth’s bottom lip that she tries, and fails, to bite away. And when she puts down the coffee Tony knows what’s going to happen, but has no power to stop it. He’s not even sure he
“Sure,” he says instead. Steve looks at him thoughtfully over the roof of the SUV until the gas pump beeps. “Why do you ask, dear?”
Her eyes are big and blue, her hair the color of winter wheat, and when she smiles it’s as warm as sunshine. When she turns to look around the compound, Clint catches the Avengers’
Sometimes a hole opens up in the universe or two universes bump into each other or Reed Richards accidentally,
“No, see, you apologized for the entire incident. As did I. Perfunctory. We had to for the team. For the newspapers. This is - can you repeat that?”
“We are,” Steve says, wrapping an arm around her in a warm, half-hug. “We’re close enough. And we’re glad to help.”
Steve turns down the music. Turns down Tony’s Welcome to the 21st Century, Capsicle Spotify playlist, that he made years ago with JARVIS. It’s in the middle of Here Comes the Sun. Steve turns it down, and turns towards Tony, and the sun is
And Tony does think about it. For three days. It's on the fourth day, over breakfast, when Tony asks why, exactly, Steve won't even allow him to bring FRIDAY,
he met on the roof of the Sanctum is helping somehow. Just softening the edges of this to make it easier. And if that’s true, he has no idea if he’s thankful or not.
Anyway, this is the longest chapter yet and I hope all of you enjoyed. Ignore the grammatical errors, I was too lazy to check them.
“No, it’s a—” then he broke of a laugh, finding Thor’s ignorant expression funny for some reasons.. “It’s just an expression.”
It pissed him off, and not even the company of Jarvis would help his mood. But he took his ‘punishment’ like it was nothing, packed his bags and enrolled in SHIELD University. It was where Pepper was learning and it seemed like a good idea staying close to her, he just wasn’t expecting for her to meddle in. Then again, all her decisions have always saved his ass.
Okay, maybe they did stay up way later than 8:00 p.m. last night. Every one needs their beauty sleep, except for Tony. Tony don't sleep, sleep's for the weak.
“That’s too harsh for a person who you’ve only met days ago, and haven’t even talked to yet,” Steve retorted.
Tony stared at him, enough for the other man to feel awkward. He scanned the area, and when he realized that the man was really just giving him some assistance—not an undercover reporter or something, he realized he doesn’t have a clue who he was. Granted, his fame isn’t really Kim Kardashian level, people barely even know if Bill gates even had a child.
The only tenants that he was able to talk to was Bruce and Steve, and he was pretty sure none of them wears a hearing aid.
“So high school bathrooms slash grandma’s open toilet,” The man said. “Well, you discover something new every day.”
Natasha shrugged, finally glad that one of the thousand disagreement between Tony and Clint was put to a stop. “Problem solved,” she muttered, which every one still heard (except for Thor of course), before grabbing the bowl of pop corn from Tony.
“I see,” they wrote something down as Natasha clicked her tongue. “So you’ve been sleeping well, you didn’t mention that last time.”
Tony isn’t stupid, he knows the difference between a routine and stalking. And with the look that Steve ended up having whenever they cross paths together proves Tony’s hypothesis. The hoverboard incident made some sense now. Though how he managed not to notice a walking supermodel like Steve was beyond him.
Clint sat blankly on one of the park benches near campus as he chewed on a hotdog. It was getting harder and harder to get his hands on Steve’s homemade cooking when the whole building realized Steve’s cooking’s godsend. It was getting more and more annoying having to come down and see a note from Steve saying that he made extra again, only to see that someone else already took it.
He wanted to get to know everyone, if you’re going to live with each other for a while, it’s the only reasonable option. And honestly, he’s looking forward to it, it’s what he needed anyway. But he couldn’t help but think that he won’t fit in. Ever since it happened, everyone’s way ahead of him, and he felt like he’ll never catch up.
The last time he also gave Bucky some space, he found himself waiting outside an ER as the doctors tried to save Bucky’s life. There was a loud crunch that sounded exactly like fist hitting a broken mirror. And Steve didn’t bother thinking after that, he stepped back and threw all his weight at the closed door.
It’s not her position to meddle, but her therapist did advise her to get herself involved. Okay, maybe he meant a different kind of involved, but he should take this as a win, considering that she had made it her life mission never to accept any of his advice.
The red-haired lady came down the stairs and left through the door just like that in a span of ten seconds. He started to wonder if she’s really a real ghost.
“Look, these stuff, i-i-it happens, usually way worse than this,” Bruce pleaded, as if explaining how messed up he is would let him move out, and by the looks of it, none of them where having it. “I-I’m— I-I-I’m not—”
Then, add the thing that I'm a lazy highschool kid, and you have yourself a writer who decided not to write anything for the next few days.
Tony snorted. “Can I call you Captain?” Both guys just stared at him, confused. There was another moment of silence before Tony furrowed his eyebrows. “Rogers,” He said as if it explained everything. “You know, ‘roger that captain’.” When no one laughed, Tony frowned. “It’s like I’m living with new-borns.”
Bruce gave it a thought and decided adding where he is before shutting down his phone to avoid future distraction. He needs to speak with Loki first, alone.
Tony plopped down on the seat across from him and started to rant about ungrateful professors who couldn’t accept the fact that a student had outsmarted them as he scribbled something down on his not so neat notes.
“Because I’m an awkward person and you’re kind enough to pity me,” Steve answered as they made their way towards the cashier.
Steve took careful steps towards Bruce, who was starting to shake from head to toe. “You okay buddy?”
Speaking of Steve, that guy hasn’t left his room ever since his last encounter with Tony a few minutes ago, in fact, none of the other borders haven’t even left their rooms. Not that they’ve been bumping to each other for the past month in normal circumstances, but Tony’s been standing in the kitchen for what felt like a whole hour and he hasn’t seen a strand of hair from the other five. Then again, he was just standing there for only a few minutes.
Peggy rolled her eyes “Yeah sure, that’s why it’s been played over and over again for months after it got released last year,” she grunted as she skimmed the shelves. “The song went so viral, it got so annoying.”
He sighed and scribbled something on his clipboard. “Have you joined any extracurricular activities?”
“If you say one more thing about Hammer tech, you’ll find an arrow shoved up your ass.” Clint threatened while clicking an icon that looks like a ball divided into a red and white color. “It’s the only thing I can buy, alright.”
Bruce didn’t acknowledge him, he was too busy with his own thoughts. For a guy who started using sticky notes to claim property, he tends to ignore it.
“Wait, you said it was a hearing aid, right?” Jane asked readjusting the sling bag on her shoulder as she tried to get comfortable sitting on the sidewalk.
Bruce glanced at the door—the hole he created to be more specific—and closed his eyes, as if trying to block something. “I—I’m… sorry about the a—the a, the door. I’ll, I’ll fix—yeah, I’ll just fix it.”
Blinking for a few moments, Tony quickly grabbed his clothes from the counter and hastily went up to his room. Grabbing his phone on his bed, Tony called Pepper.
The kid scrunched his eyebrows and studied Clint before grabbing the burger and taking a bite out of it. “You’re in distress,” He stated. “Did something happened?”
Natasha didn’t bother to answer the question. Should she remind him that it wasn’t just men that got her in this mess that was called her life? It was all of them. The reason why she needs to sit ones a week in some god awful room to talk about feelings weren’t caused by
“Bruce,” Steve said tentatively as he slowly stood from the couch, everyone following suit. “You okay?”
“Shit,” Clint suddenly commented. “He ran away, but not from home,” he said as if finally finding out the answer to an unsolved riddle. Then again, it sorta was.
“No it’s okay, I think I’ll just—” Bruce said, trying his best to take the napkin from Jane and deal with his own bleeding nose himself.
“That was the disputation?” Thor asked. “I remember arriving with the two of you fighting about milk.”
Bruce blinked, then blinked again, then decided that it wasn’t enough to prove what he’s seeing, he blinked some more before touching the note sticking on the fridge.
“Loki ran away,” Natasha said without looking back, and honestly, he was already expecting it, but that doesn’t mean he can’t be surprised from it. As they started to descend the stairs, Bruce noticed that everyone was awake and a very sleep deprived Tony was nursing a cup of coffee.
Tony turned to where the voice had come from and saw a man standing beside the mountain of boxes. He was a few inches taller than Tony, which soured his mood even more—everyone just seemed to be taller than him, he was wearing a pair of oval-shaped glasses, a purple shirt that for some reasons works on him.
“I could give you a massage,” Natasha said, Bruce didn’t mean to have both his eyebrows disappear somewhere behind his hairline, he didn’t, he really didn’t. Then Natasha gave Clint a menacing grin which made Bruce feel a wave of relief.
Natasha stared at the note taped on her door. She glanced around, expecting to see Bruce standing sheepishly with her in the corridor, but she was alone.
Partially, she was pissed at her therapist. She should never have opened her mouth, she knew he’ll ask questions after questions. But the truth was, she was pissed at herself for actually opening her mouth. The questions didn’t help. She knew the reason she stopped herself was because it was stupid.
Before she could leave though, she grinned when she heard Tony’s words. “That woman can be scary as hell.”
Clint nearly dropped his hold on the box when he saw that it was the new model of Stark hearing aids. How Tony—or whoever this Pepper lady is, got their hands on a set was beyond him. He even got the right type of hearing aids that he needed. Then again, he technically told Thor to leave it on the counter for everyone to see.
“So…” He started as he nodded his head towards the living room, “Thor’s brother.” He should step out of his comfort zone a lot more.
Bruce groaned and squinted against the darkness of his room, before recognizing the voice of his intruder. “Natasha?” he asked groggily.
Unlike Bruce, I used The movie version for Thor's story. Because frankly, i tend to avoid Thor's earlier comics. Not that it's bad, it just doesn't really work with me. But always expect comic references.
“Dude, stop that,” Clint groaned. “Did any of the information I said last night register inside your head? We’re—”
Tonight would be his chance to apologize and actually get his social life going, and maybe it’ll help him forget for a little while. He really wants to get it off without anything bad happening.
“You know, I think Captain really suits you,” Tony said, gesturing at his boxers. “Captain America, Rogers, I dunno but I’m pretty sure the Universe’s giving a very clear message.”
Slowly, the kid dragged his eyes up at Clint, and he was furious. Apparently the previous glares that Clint always receives were quite tame, even though he’s pretty sure it could kill bunnies.
“I get that reference.” He said a bit too proud, earning him two pairs of eyes while Tony rolled his. “I-I-I’ll just take a sit.” He added, his voice going weak.
“Let go of me!” The kid threw him a few punches, tried to kick Clint on the groin, but it wasn’t really doing anything. Clint’s not proud with being a thief and all, but the experience did help him towards similar situations like this.
The fact that SHIELD University wasn’t all that strict with the first-years-needs-to-live-in-campus rule didn’t help with the fact that the reason Natasha even went to college was to ‘get to know other people’.
Just then, Natasha sat next to Bruce, acting as if she had always been seating with them ever since and not for the first time. Tony blinked at her as she produced her phone from her pocket and engrossed herself with it.
Sitting on that couch with everyone, he realized that tomorrow morning they’ll go back to each other's own lives as if nothing had happened. And as Tony opened the shower knob, he realized that he preferred that. Maybe that small part of him didn’t want the monotonous routine anymore, but he can’t really see himself befriending any of these people.
Thor thrusts up the flowers he was holding, some were wilted and was crusting on the edges, but it still looked fine. Maybe he should have passed that old lady’s garden again, but he didn’t really want another hit on the head. Her cane can rival a baseball bat.
Clint shrugged and put on his hearing aids, the boy tracking his movements. Come to think of it, the boy never asked him about his hearing aids. “Let’s put it this way. You’re in a group of superheros.”
Clint swears he didn’t jump three feet up the air when Thor’s booming voice greeted him as soon as he entered the building. He did not jump and scream, he just stood like a man that he is and greeted Thor.
Steve was only standing because most of his weight was being supported by the bathroom wall next to the door,  but he did his best to get a hold on Bruce—which was harder than to be expected.
The pretty nameless girl glanced at Clint, then at Thor, before looking back at Clint. “You know each other?”
Tony rolled his eyes and continued to stab his food. “For the record, I’m way smarter than him.” Then he paused, as if to realize something. “And you know this because?”
Clint turned to Natasha as and gestured at Tony. “The asshole over here wouldn’t stop insulting my DVD player for the past two hours, I just got him to shut up three minutes ago. Apparently, that didn’t last long.”
But the thing that he’s lacking was the fact that he’s not that familiar within his base of operation, considering that Clint was still running after him.
He thought it had been long enough, that maybe this time he could keep in together. It was only right to respect the dead after all, even if his father was a complete asshole. It’s been years anyway, sure the memory still haunts him, and some days are the worst, but again it’s been years.
When everyone was finally seated, Pepper opened the door from the driver’s sit before sitting down and proceeding to grumble words under her breathe, “Four in the freaking morning,” she grouched slipping in her car keys, “Things I do for that jerk.”
As he started walking back home—? Thor remembered something as he paused and reached for his phone from his back pocket and long-pressed one. He stood there, at the side of the road, waiting for the other person to pick up. And like the hundred calls he made, he was sent straight to voicemail, it didn’t even ring. Thor sighed before trying again.
Peggy’s mouth hung open. “It’s popcorn,” She said seriously. “You know what, how about just buy some crisps.”
He debated whether to drink Tony’s milk or not, but he decided that he’s been an asshole enough, and there’s nothing wrong with skipping a few days. Besides, maybe he’ll get a good night sleep tonight.
The feeling was still there, but one look at Thor’s large handwriting on one of the pop tart boxes, he knew he’s not really living alone. Grinning, Bruce wondered if he should start placing in some food in the fridge with his own sticky notes.
Clint snorted and opened the fridge, true to his words, there were leftover spaghetti. Glancing at the notes taped on the fridge, he couldn’t help but notice that he and Tony are not the only ones good at changing topics.
Tony could practically see her wearing that shit-eating grin he’s all too aware of. “Why the hell would you do that? Pep, I don’t like this place and I’m sure there’s a ghost living in one of the rooms. There’s no way in hell would I be staying here, I told you I’ll give it a chance—hence the tour. But this place sucks, if I end up getting possessed, I’m blaming this on you.”
Maybe they were right, maybe he never should have given up therapy. But then again, it was making things much worse than actually helping. He couldn’t count the times he contemplated punching his therapist’s face whenever he would jot something down. But maybe he should have, then he would’ve been sent to jail even with his age—because killing his father wasn’t enough, apparently—then maybe, he wouldn’t be right at this moment.
“You paid for the—oh okay just tell me if you’re done,” He said as the other man whipped up his phone and proceeded to call someone. The owner massaged his temples and sighed, “Millennials.” Then he studied the young man again, “Celebrities,” he sighed again.
Jane blinked, not really expecting the sudden kind of question. She just met the guy the other day, and this is literally the second time they talked. Then again, she did just gave him her number. “You interested in someone?”
Natasha, being the only person to suddenly get what was happening, only rolled her eyes but threw the keys at Tony which he effortlessly caught.
“He could have at least given me a van, or a car, but noooo. What an asshole,” Tony grunted as he unloaded his stuff from the U-Haul truck he rented— well, Pepper rented. “Or at least movers, maybe at least one from his thousands of workers, but nooo. I have to carry all of this by my fucking self.”
Clint snapped his head up and saw Thor, with a pretty girl,  staring at the kid Clint was holding. “Thor?” Then he glanced at the kid who was looking at Thor with wide eyes. “Wait, you know this kid?”
“I’m still talking,” Clint said. “Going back, that leads to you, where you’re just a guy, with a bow and arrow, that was raised in a circus.”
Don’t get him wrong, it wasn’t the first time he met Thor, and not that he was avoiding him—the guy was just really weird, he was just wasn’t expecting to see him outside where they live.
Tony blinked. “No wonder you look like you might drop dead any minute,” he mused. “You know, you just placed yourself in a death sentence, right?
Clint huffed out a laugh—Thor assumed it was a laugh. “Dude, chill, it’s fine. You don’t need to give me flowers, or whatever it is you do at your place to apologize.”
But if she was being honest with herself, the only reason why she was having an internal war between leaving a note or not was because of the same reason she couldn’t really leave an apple in the fridge.
Before going to class, Clint had taped a long bond paper on the fridge, words written in huge letters. He’s not angry, that’s just how he writes, not angry at all.
“You don’t have to answer,” she suddenly said and Thor turned to look at her. “But, whatever it is that you’re going through, you’ll get through it.”
It was either Clint intended for Bruce to hear that, or the building was just too quiet that he heard him say it.
As he stared at his painting, he realized he's been painting the things that had been happening around him. For the longest time, he felt as if nothing was happening, that his life was a never-ending routine, ending with empty paintings after empty paintings. But now, living in that small building doesn’t seem so sad anymore.
Her therapist didn’t blink, as if that certain information Natasha shared was a normal thing normal people do.
“I was about to leave an apple.” The frown deepened when she realized she answered her therapist’s question.
Sometimes he found himself wanting to ask Tony if he’s the only one feeling weird around Steve, but Tony follows his own ridiculous schedule—which Bruce couldn’t follow for the life of him. He could probably count in one hand how many conversations he had with Tony.
For some reasons, she found it quite amusing waking up, coming back from class—or from her job, to find notes sticking on the fridge. Most of it wasn’t really there for her, it was either for Clint or for Tony, but something about the whole situation was, well, comical.
“You talk way too formal for a junkie,” Clint said and snatched his wallet from the boy’s grip. “You should have placed this in you pocket the minute you got it you know, but then again, you don’t have pockets.”
Closing the door behind her, Natasha glanced around. No one had returned yet, or maybe they were already there but in their respective rooms.
Steve ran down the familiar path that he usually took every morning, thinking back towards the movie night that had last night. It went well, considering that Clint and Tony was there. Would have been better if the two wasn’t arguing about everything every five minutes. One of the reasons why he wasn’t even able to apologize.
Peggy stared at him, as if Steve was some sort of man out of time, or a Norse god that got sent down to Earth. Though, Steve guessed that none of the reactions fit for the two given situations were remotely similar to the look Peggy was giving him. “Sorry, but which part in Brooklyn did you mention you live again?”
The Steve fidgeted under her gaze. “I, uh, thanks.” She raised one of her eyebrows. “About the notebook,” he elaborated.
Yes, he’s fully aware that they don’t talk, they don’t call or text each other, heck they don’t even know each other’s phone number. But looking back at their conversations through their notes, it’s as if they’ve known each other long enough, and not the kind of people where when they see each other they immediately run the opposite direction.
He took a few breath, he can do this, he just have to think, yes, think, he’s good at thinking. If he were Loki, where would he go?
Steve blinked a couple more before nodding stiffly and disappearing in his bedroom, still red in the face.
Thor stopped walking and watched the passing cars before staring at his feet. What was he even doing here? He never found out why. Okay, fine, maybe he does know, but he couldn’t wrap his head why his father would go as far as send him here. And he’s not even sure what it is that he’s supposed to do.
She was about to climb up to her room when she caught something from the corner of her eyes. Frowning, she made her way at the couch and grabbed the blue notebook wedged on the sofa cushions—how she managed to see it was one of the attributes she liked about herself. Sometimes it has its downsides, but it comes really handy especially from peeping Toms.
And if Bruce had trusted his eyesight, he would have thought that Thor was smiling smugly at himself as he left the bathroom. But he doesn’t, therefore it took him until he was walking down the path to SHEILD when he realized that Thor couldn’t be that stupid not to know what he meant when he said Jesus.
The blue notebook flashed inside her head and shrugged. “I wasn’t looking for it, I just found it,” she said.
“I assume it was one of the reasons why he had done what he did,” Thor said, his voice uncharacteristically low. “As a brother, I failed him, and I didn’t even noticed.”
Having the maximum amount of two hours of sleep was nowhere near Clint’s to-do list, Tony would be the death of him if he continues this up. Maybe karma’s already paying him a visit, which is ridiculous because it’s just a box of milk... well, eight boxes of milk…
“Good thing I don’t care about them,” Tony said, this time his voice was laced with something Bruce can’t quite pinpoint, but something was there. “I have parents, not a family.” then he just left, muttering about unnecessary wake up calls.
traditional household, then suddenly living in a two-story building with five other people was a huge step for Thor. It was weird and frustrating how different they do things, how they talk, eat, bathe, etc. It was like living in a new realm. He had so many questions about,
Shrugging, Bruce made himself some tea and decided to stop by a hotdog stand before going to class. It’s the first day and he’s not looking forward to being late.
Clint’s commentary about the DVD player finally snapped Tony away from his glaring competition from the poor piece of tech. “Can we just throw that thing away?” he suddenly said, causing for the blond next to him to flinch. Natasha noted the awkward way Steve tried to move further away from Tony. “It’s outdated, and worst of all, it’s a Hammer tech.”
She learned not to be attached, but maybe she could make an exception at people who aren’t so bad. She was still scared, yes, but a bigger part of her was enjoying it. Besides, like her, she noticed everyone was taking baby steps.
That  made the kid pause, then suddenly Clint found himself on the receiving end of the kid’s famous glare. “Owe you?”
“Yes Bruce, we’re not friends but we’re also not strangers,” she told Bruce, but the way she expresses it, it feels like the message was for everyone in this room. “We’re something in-between.”
Steve blinked, too much to be considered as normal, before dropping his gaze to study his nails. “I guess I just missed it.”
This time he went back at glaring at Clint, and Clint would really want the kid to look back at his feet. The guy could fucking glare. “I didn’t ran away.”
“You broke the mirror,” Tony countered, then paused to have a short look around the room, “And also the wall behind it, but hey, silver lining, at least we can have the peephole that Clint’s been wanting." He pointed at the front door.
By the time Clint got home—which was a little later than when he usually prefers and was doing his routine that consists of consuming Tony’s milk supply, when he noticed four new papers taped on the fridge, all baring a message.
The grocery store started blasting of some song that Steve wasn’t aware off, some upbeat music that seemed like the thing that would get a lot of attention, and Peggy’s attention was stirred. There was a a three second pause before Peggy visibly slumped.
She wouldn’t have agreed if she didn’t enjoy it, but the fact that she was going to have to spend the whole evening with five strangers seem to be more prominent now.
Suddenly, a very uncomfortable feeling settled on the pit of his stomach, remembering that his scars were on display. And those were not pretty scars at all. Living alone (technically) for years turns out to be a pain in the ass when it comes to living with other people.
Tapping his fingers across the counter, Tony found himself staring at the note Clint left sticking on the fridge. So far, Steve, the American Adonis, was the only one to reply with a simple:
Thor had this idea that when he finally succeeded in befriending someone, befriending others would be easy, like opening a door. Apparently, he should have listened to Loki more, even if most of what he says is practically insults. That morning, he met none of his fellow borders, and he was sitting alone at lunch, like any other day.
Jane tilted her head. That technique usually works, unless Thor’s never really good at handling conversations. “But you were able to grab some coffee, right?”
Bruce wanted to laugh humorlessly because what the hell? He’s not Loki, he doesn’t even know the kid, how would he know where he would go if he ran away?
For someone else seeing his underwear sprawled around isn’t something new, the strangers that frequently spends the night in his dorm room back at MIT could vouch for that. Used or not used, okay maybe you’d think he’s a slob or something, but it’s college, you’re supposed to be a slob. The Captain America prints on the boxers, however, is a different story.
Tony opened his mouth to retort, but all that came out was a strained sound. Biting back on her apple, Natasha wondered how long Tony could keep this Tony Smith act.
The guy seemed confused at first before following Bruce’s hand pointing at the stairs. “Ah, indeed, I have taken a room in this facility.”
Tony waited for more explanation. “Yeah, sure that explained a whole lot,” he said when Bruce said nothing.
Ever since that bathroom incident, Tony had leeched on Bruce. Not that he hadn’t leeched on Bruce before the incident, it just went up a notch after. Maybe Tony only stuck himself next him because they’re the only two people that could actually understand each other’s language, but he couldn’t help but notice that Tony’s been rather chummy lately. Which just looked awkward, you can perfectly see that comforting isn’t his strong suit.
Grinning, Clint dropped his bag on the ground and grabbing the remote under one of the cushions before dropping down on the couch beside Thor. Well, there was a sizable space between them but Thor couldn’t really care. For some reasons, its working and he still couldn’t believe it.
Bruce sighed through his nose and deposited the rumpled set of papers at the table before glowering at it. “At least I can still read it,” he said somewhat defeated before diving back to chaos, which was his mess of a bag.
“If you like, we can proceed to the bedrooms?” The owner asked hopefully, gesturing towards the stairs.
As soon as she told her therapist, he actually thought it was a good idea to live with other people. He just doesn’t know Natasha was doing everything to avoid them at all cost. Her job was a good excuse when classes haven’t started yet, and once classes did start, avoiding them would be a walk in the park.
Tony, who was woken up due to Clint’s foot, only had half of his brain function to properly sit up straight, slightly dazed, before proclaiming that he’ll make tea for everyone and coffee for Bruce. Nobody corrected him when he trudged his way towards the kitchen, instead, they all sunk down on the sofa, immediately feeling the ache on their body.
Tony was barefooted, hair still dripping wet, dirty clothes thrown on the counter for the whole world to see, but all he did was stare at the note on the fridge.
“I’m sorry,” Bruce said, cutting Clint off as he tries to hide his face even more from everyone. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” he repeatedly whimpered. “I’ll pay, I promise I’ll pay, then I’ll—I’ll move out. I’m sorry—shit, I’m really sorry.”
A long time ago—maybe not that long—a few decades perhaps, a weird house was built near the intersection down the road, a few blocks away from the SHEILD University. It wasn’t technically a house per say, in fact it looks nowhere near a house, more like a heap of concrete with two stories.
“I did not understand it,” Thor said as Natasha gave him the combined dollars before adding his onto the pile.
He was never embarrassed with his inability to hear things, because screw people who think people like him wouldn’t survive on their own, but there’s a clear line that he shouldn’t cross when you’re trying to calm down a person who could possibly bulldoze the whole bathroom, and telling the people that you live with that you used to be a criminal is not one.
Natasha stared at him blankly before crossing her arms over her chest and leaned back. “I know that Tony’s course is Electrical Engineering and has the habit of tinkering loudly in his room, he also have this weird hatred for Hammer Tech. I know that Thor has an unhealthy liking for Pop Tarts and that he’s very easy to please because he seems to be interested in about everything.” Natasha narrated. “Clint’s deaf and likes archery, also can be an annoying asshole like Tony, and can’t seem to afford a single Stark Tech. I know that Steve has a notebook filled with his drawings and has a liking on cooking. And I,” She straightened her sitting position. “Am the Mysterious Lady that everyone kept on calling as a ghost for the first few weeks, I always seem to be out of the house and looks to know a lot more than any of you do, and I also seems to hold grudges against nicknames.”
“But first we have to get you to a hospital.” He told Bruce taking a short glance at his murdered knuckles. “Hey Natasha, keys, now.”
Entering the bathroom, Thor noticed a small purple device perched on top of the sink. Furrowing his eyebrows, he took and examined it. With further inspections, he realized that it was a hearing aid.
Natasha’s scrunched eyebrows eased giving him this blank stare that made Bruce look back at the boiler, wishing for the water to heat up faster.
No one was expecting what happened next. In retrospect, it was kinda impossible to even think about it in the first place.
But if he’s being honest. He couldn’t help but be a little bit relieved when he hardly sees anyone. In fact, he may have been avoiding them even if it wasn’t that obvious.
The young man frowned. “And yet you’re making people pay you to live in this weird place,” The older man winced again. “Grade A marketing by the way."
Bruce thought if the event that had happened after his breakdown was good; finding yourself in the ER while everyone waited outside. As far as he’s aware, none of it was good, all he got out of it were two broken doors, a broken mirror, and people walking on eggshells. “How would I know if there is?”
Sure, he helped Clint, but it was mostly because he felt like a complete asshole and giving him a pair of hearing aids was his only way of apologizing. When he told Pepper about his situation with Clint, she flat out told him that he was such an ass and that she was glad she broke up with him.
Bruce huffed out a laugh. “Well, me neither. But thanks, it’s been a while.” He brought the mug to his lips and Thor held his breath. Bruce grimaced at the taste but immediately covered it with a smile as he noticed Thor looking at him with rapt attention. “Well, I think I’ll be meeting Diabetes soon,” Bruce said before taking another sip.
It had been a few days since they first met, and Thor found himself hoping to see Jane in the same place they last, and first, saw each other. But, he guessed he hoped too much, that was why seeing her again at the same spot was a miracle to him.
Bruce sat awkwardly on the armchair he was sharing with Natasha, who was pointedly not looking at him, but at the kid sitting on the middle of the floor. He’s not aware of a lot of things, but he’s pretty sure Thor’s the reason why the atmosphere in the room was suffocating as he glared down at his brother.
Thor nodded. “I see,” he said before staring at him. “You should laugh more, or perhaps smile. I believe it helps.”
“Clint told me to give it to some girl that I like,” Thor said and Jane found herself fighting off a growing blush.
