“At least, that’s what he told me,” he says. “He came into my room a few nights ago, said he had a bad dream, and tried to crawl into bed with me. When I took him back to his room, he said he was afraid of the dark because that’s where the
“Seriously guys? I’m
Dean sighs.
When Cas finally lets him pull away for air, Dean tilts his head back, gasping, exposing his neck in the process. Cas immediately takes advantage of the opportunity this presents him with. He trails several kisses along Dean’s jaw, then under his ear as he slides a hand up to tangle in Dean’s hair. He presses a kiss to the side of Dean’s neck, sighing reverently against his skin. Cas tilts his head up and his lips brush against Dean’s ear, causing Dean to shiver.
Sam frowns at him.
“Your book wasn’t missing Cas,” he says quietly. “I...I
“Cas?”
Dean,” Cas tells him. “You aren’t losing me after tonight.”
“You...you want...”
worked up, lest five minutes turns into an
Dean’s eyes light up at that.
“Okay,” Cas says slowly, trying to understand where Dean is going with this.
Sam snarls at Dean.
what Dean’s suggesting. A smile plays at his lips.
“No it isn’t,” he grumbles, staring at the ceiling. “Cas, I’m
on Dean’s skin. And
He gives Cas a smile and leans into him a little more.
Dean Winchester is many things. And while he may make poor decisions on occasion, that does not make him
“I’m, uh...I’m gonna go finish dinner...It should be ready in about an hour and half if you wanna eat,” he says quietly.
“Tired?” Cas asks.
isn’t the problem.”
Until next time! :)
languages, that do not exist in Enochian. To convey the meaning of these non-existent words, Cas had to
For a moment, Dean pauses.
He tangles his fingers in Cas’s hair, spurring him on, and soon gentle brushes of lips and quick tastes of tongues grow into something hungrier. Dean arches up into him, his hands fisting in the fabric of Cas’s shirt as he attempts to remove it. Cas pulls back for a moment.
The angel is silent for a moment.
Cas likes you.
of dinner would you take me out for?” he murmurs, his breath ghosting over Cas’s face.
“Dean...” he murmurs. “I want you to know...regardless of what you’ve read, I have
Dean when he gets back from North Dakota. Cas smiles to himself at the thought.
They both look at him, not sure what to make of Dean. To clear up their confusion, Dean slides an arm around Cas’s shoulders and presses a quick press to his temple. Blessedly, Cas seems to enjoy the gesture. At first, the angel was a little uncomfortable with any public displays of affection, especially when he learned that some humans don’t take kindly to displays of affection between members of the same sex. But slowly, he warmed up to the idea. He and Dean spent so long dancing around each other that when they finally figured things out, neither one of them wanted to hold back if they didn’t have to. So now, when Dean kisses his temple in the middle of the diner, Cas smiles, leaning into him, and presses a responding kiss to the corner of Dean’s mouth. Dean couldn’t be happier about it.
“Yeah, I’m not surprised,” Sam tells him.
(See the end of the chapter for
what, Cas?” Dean says, his voice shaking. “You’re just gonna be stuck here after...after I
“Yeah. I mean, you know...sometimes they slip off your feet when you sleep and they get stuck.”
They share another kiss. Dean reaches a hand up to cup Cas’s face, examining his features carefully.
“Cas, let go,” Dean complains.
“Dean, I have been after you to help me fix the wiring in this place since we moved in, and I am
There’s a beat of silence, then:
“I...I figured out that Cas
Dean shrugs.
“Okay...Okay, Cas.”
the angel’s perceived need for caffeine first thing in the morning.
They’re silent for a moment.
me over dinner, and bring me back home so we can
“That’s the name,” Dean grins. “You wanna tell me yours?”
He strides out of the kitchen, then waits by the entryway. He’s not close enough that Sam and Cas will know he’s hiding there, but not far enough away that he can’t hear them. He listens carefully as Sam starts talking to Cas.
. I’m trying to finish dinner,” he says, stirring the pasta sauce.
“Oh, right...rabbit food,” he intones.
he says in a low voice.
loud noise against his lips. Cas leans back, looking at him intently.
Cas slowly makes his way over to the coffee machine. He grabs a mug out of one of the cabinets and pours a healthy dose of coffee into it. To Sam’s surprise, he doesn’t add any cream or sugar to it, he simply replaces the coffee pot and takes a sip from his mug. After a long moment, he seems to relax slightly. He glances in Sam’s direction.
how it looks on you,” he tells Cas. “It really brings out your eyes.”
“You can add it to your wallet,” Sam tells him.
The way it feels to have Cas’s weight draped over him, pinning him against the mattress as Cas rocks into him is so,
Dean’s pulled out of his thoughts however, when he sees Cas mouth the words,
you?” Sam inquires, eyebrows raised. “As in, like—”
Dean stares up at him, a confused look on his face.
It’s warm and tender and full of affection, but also firm and gripping. If Dean wasn’t sitting down, he’d probably go a bit weak at the knees. The press of Cas’s lips slowly becomes more insistent, even bordering on rough when Dean’s hands suddenly tangle in the angel’s hair.
Sam takes a deep breath.
Cas, sensing that something is very wrong, quickly removes himself from Dean and pads over to their dresser. He throws on a shirt and a pair of boxers before returning to the bed. Dean hasn’t moved. He’s still sitting on the foot of the bed, staring at Cas like he expects the angel to disappear at any moment. Cas has a seat next to him, turning to face Dean head-on. The look Dean gives him nearly breaks Cas’s heart. His eyes are watery and his lips tremble as he hesitantly reaches out to touch Cas.
“Yeah...don’t stop,” he manages.
“That’s okay.”
“You see the structure?” he prompts Dean.
this is. I don’t know how to read it.”
“That...it’s—”
Cas looks at him quizzically.
gets to see. Sam may have caught glimpses of it, sharing hotel rooms with his brother for so long, but now that they have the bunker,
“Is everything okay with Cas?” his brother asks.
Dean smiles in response. When dinner is over, he volunteers to do dishes while Cas gets ready for their impromptu date night, and Sam looks through their dvd selection to find something he and Jack can watch together. When he finishes the dishes, Dean finds Cas waiting for him in his room. He’s wearing his slacks, his dress shirt, and his tie, leaving his jacket and trench coat folded neatly over the back of the chair in the corner of Dean’s room. He perks up upon seeing Dean.
“And he wonders why I don’t trust him with Jack,” he hisses, keeping his voice quiet enough that Jack doesn’t hear him. “I mean,
They meet each other’s gaze for a quick moment, then Sam clears his throat.
He gives Dean a curious look.
if he’s not mistaken, but Dean never gives him so much as a second glance. Cas has come to realize that he’s stuck in what modern humans commonly refer to as the
“So you think...that
The angel perks up, opening his eyes. It’s not the first time he’s heard Dean say his name while he sleeps. It is, however, the first time that it’s been accompanied by the unmistakable tug of a prayer. Cas lifts his head from Dean’s shoulder, glancing down at him with confusion.
that energy. Does that make sense?”
“Dean?” Cas murmurs, his tone concerned.
“Yeah but, Sam...he’s an
Cas’s head drops onto his shoulder, his thrusts becoming uneven. Dean can feel how close he is, and he presses a kiss to Cas’s temple.
“I’m...Ashley,” she responds slowly. “Although...I think there’s been a bit of a misunderstanding...we’re, uh...we’re just gonna go.”
Sighing, he rolls out of bed and shuffles to the bathroom with tired feet. He brushes his teeth and turns on the shower. Soon, the small room is filled with steam and Dean forces himself to relax, standing under the hot, running water until finally, his muscles start to loosen. When he’s done in the bathroom, he wraps himself in a towel and quickly walks back to his room. The air outside the bathroom is freezing in comparison and Dean can already feel his teeth chattering. Just like the night before, he forgets to close his door, but this time because he’s preoccupied with the thought of getting into something warmer than a towel
All this and more, in the final chapter! Until then! :)
Dean snuggles into the bed, pulling the covers up a little higher around him. Suddenly, he remembers something.
And, you guessed it, the next installment will be up soon, so stick around! Hopefully, I can make it worthwhile!
“And why was Castiel humming all weird?” Jacks adds.
sorry, Dean. I...I overstepped my bounds. I was too forward with you.”
Dean does as he’s told and sits back down next to Cas. A moment later, the angel’s arms are wound around him tightly. Dean turns his head to whisper in Cas’s ear.
the sleep at all, but during his time spent as a human, he decided he liked sleeping, and has since made it a regular part of his routine.
knife to chop up the sausage and dice the vegetables? He has a
Before he can stop himself, Dean slides a arm around Cas’s shoulders.
“Well...
weak at the knees
“Look, if this thing with Cas
Cas demands.
for more than just Dean’s kiss.
Cas yawns.
Cas nods his agreement and gets to his feet. Half-asleep, he clumsily walks over to his bed, then has a seat on the edge. Since he’s already wearing comfortable clothes—a t-shirt, some sweatpants, and sneakers—Cas doesn’t need to get into anything more comfortable before getting into bed. He simply toes out of his shoes and socks, then slides under the covers, pulling them up to his chin.
replica, Cas understands immediately.
Cas’s collection of Dean’s belongings quickly starts to grow, and it isn't too long before he has a drawer full of the hunter’s things. There’s also the occasional empty glass that Dean leaves on the nightstand, or spare change from one of his pockets. A pair of Dean’s shoes now seem to permanently occupy a spot on the floor next to the foot of Cas’s bed. A couple of times, Dean even leaves his wallet, or the keys to the Impala on the dresser. Pretty soon, it begins to look like the two of them
He glances down at himself and realizes he still isn’t wearing a shirt. Cas seems to notice this as well, but he makes a point of not staring at Dean’s bare chest, his eyes glued to a random spot on Dean’s wall. The angel looks incredibly uncomfortable.
“I’m sorry, Dean, but...I need you to go.”
This is about enjoying each other’s company and not having to worry about interference from
Cas then inches a little closer and strokes Dean’s arm. The hunter feels his brain short-circuit at that. Dean turns to look at him properly and—
“Would you like me to stop?” he asks.
He’s about to get up when Dean stops him.
to know that Dean is quite literally
“Indeed,” Cas agrees. “At least they were nice about it.”
He gestures at the angel.
He walks back into the kitchen, and Dean sighs audibly.
For a split-second, Cas thinks he’s said the wrong thing. That is until Dean pulls him back down for a searing kiss, mumbling something that sounds suspiciously like ‘
Cas smiles at him fondly, then leans across the table, sealing their lips together in a long kiss. Eventually, they break away, and they both get to their feet. They walk over to the pool table, and each of them pick up a pool cue. Cas inspects his for a moment, then glances over at Dean.
It wasn’t nearly as restrictive and yet, it makes Dean feel a bit helpless—but in a
“Oh my god,” he stage-whispers at Dean. “Did he—no...Jack
what Cas seems to enjoy, just like he’s doing now. One minute, he sucks at him eagerly, and in the next, he teases him, getting Cas more and more riled up each time. If anything, Dean’s grateful for the opportunity it gives him to catch his breath whenever he needs it, because frankly, angels have
“It’s a duffel bag,” Sam says. “It’s
“I don’t give a
“Did you just...
Dean opens his mouth to speak when Sam cuts him off.
is male. I, myself am a mu—”
Cas asks.
Dean stares up at him.
“Oh, Sam. You dropped one of your credit cards in Dean’s room last night.”
wait until tomorrow night,” he complains.
Cas looks surprised, but he quickly nods and grabs the cue ball, setting it at the proper location. Dean crosses over to the other side and slides the pool rack back and forth a few times, getting the balls lined up. He then removes the rack and sets it on the nearby table. Cas takes a deep breath and lines himself up for the opening shot. There’s a loud
one of them.”
“Um…”
Sam takes a deep breath and walks over towards the kitchen table.
like it was earlier. Dean presses himself into Cas at each touch, but it’s more out of a desire to be close to the angel than out of desperation. Every time they have to pull away for air, they quickly find their way back to each other, wanting to stay in this gentle rhythm for as long as they can. At some point, things start to pick up, with Dean grabbing at Cas’s shirt and Cas kneading lightly at Dean’s hips. When they draw back to look at each other, Dean’s cheeks are flushed a bright pink, and Cas’s eyes are
Cas smiles, then nods. He turns his head, his lips brushing against Dean’s ear as he whispers back.
Cas.”
He bites his bottom lip for a moment, giving Cas a heated look.
supposed to distract him? Have you
end up doing a lot of reading about the local lore, and I’m
“Yes Sam, that’s what I just said.”
Cas runs a hand through his hair, soothing him.
I feel like this chapter needs no introduction. We all know how chaotic it's gonna be...
Before he can think to stop himself, Cas asks:
are much more dangerous. Dean shuffles his feet a little as he walks towards Cas’s desk, then clears his throat, being sure to make enough noise to gradually alert Cas of his presence. Cas stirs lightly at the sound, then groans.
Cas hangs his head.
The angel opens his mouth to speak, but before he can get any words out, Dean surges forward, claiming his lips in a kiss. Cas lets out a muffled noise of surprise, his hands flying to Dean’s shoulders. Dean takes this as a sign to continue, and he quickly deepens their kiss, moaning into Cas’s mouth. Reflexively, Cas moans back, and the sound grabs Dean’s attention. He breaks their kiss, leaning back so he can look at Cas. He licks his lips hungrily, then reaches for one of the angel’s hands. He quickly hauls Cas to his feet and starts leading him towards the back of the bar. Dean pushes through a door, and soon they’re standing in an empty men’s bathroom.
“And what would we do with that...
to be soothing, that Cas is trying to get him relaxed for bed, but every time Cas’s hand accidentally gets just a
“Well, I hate to say
Sam furrows his brow.
The realization quickly puts Dean at war with himself. He likes this, he
“Come on, kiddo,” Dean murmurs. “Let’s get you back to your room, and you can tell me about your dream if you want.”
He certainly wasn’t going to handle the case by himself, though. Common sense and personal experience have taught him that even a simple-looking case might have more at play, so it was never wise to go it entirely alone. He didn’t know of any hunters in the area, and it was too late at night to call them, even if he did. That left Sam with only two options. The first option was entirely unthinkable. He was
If possible, Cas’s chest swells even more.
Cas’s hands come up to grab his face.
Dean stares at him like Sam just punched him in the face.
About an hour after receiving Sam’s
...you have
are you, Dean?”
Cas immediately draws back, looking at Dean with a combination of guilt and confusion. He removes himself from Dean’s lap, his expression quickly becoming embarrassed. A frown plays at his lips and he drops his gaze towards the bed. Dean tries desperately to collect his thoughts.
“Cas? Did you just...blow out the power in my room?” he asks slowly.
“I stayed up doing some research last night,” the angel mumbles. “I got bored and I guess I fell asleep...”
Sam,” he growls.
Cas nods his understanding. He presses a kiss to Dean’s lips, then glances at the alarm clock on Dean’s nightstand. He frowns.
“Are you saying I basically...
“A deal?” he asks.
The first thing Dean notices seems so little, so inconsequential, that he nearly doesn’t spot it in the first place. It creeps up on him slowly, like it doesn’t want to be seen. Dean’s so busy working on the Impala, it almost escapes his attention altogether.
Cas nods.
“Well, hey there, handsome,” a voice greets cheerfully.
The older Winchester adopts a rather guilty expression.
Cas replies, getting to his feet.
on you two?”
With that, he heads to his own room, leaving Dean to select a movie. Dean pulls out the first title that catches his eye and hurries back to Cas’s room, hoping Cas doesn’t suspect anything. If the angel thinks he took too long, he doesn’t let it show. He simply smiles at Dean when the hunter returns and inquires what they will be watching. As it turns out, they’ll be watching ‘Tombstone,’ and Cas seems surprisingly pleased with that.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hey, Dean,” Sam says, looking at him intently.
The angel has his back to him, his shoulders tense.
the sensation. He starts to roll his hips up into Cas in a steady motion, trying to get a bit of friction going. Not enough to
“Dean?”
Cas walks
more firmly when he reaches the head of Cas’s cock on each stroke. Dean’s movements are slow and deliberate, and
He crouches down to check the tire pressure and inspect the rims, squatting like the catcher on a baseball team. But
Dean glances around nervously.
It wasn’t a quirk he’d always had, but upon taking over the bunker, Dean slowly developed all kinds of new behaviors, this being one of them. Cas feels a small tug of guilt. He steps closer to Dean. Dean shifts back slightly, but doesn’t move away. Cas stops about a pace or so away from him, then does something that catches Dean completely off-guard. He reaches for Dean’s shoulders, and pulls him in for a hug. Dean’s breath catches as the angel draws him in closer, burying his face against the top of Dean’s shoulder. After recovering from shock, Dean slowly wraps his arms around Cas’s middle, leaning his head against Cas’s temple. They stay like that for a moment, then Cas pulls away, his hands coming up to cup Dean’s face.
“But Cas—”
kissing Cas. The angel is surprisingly good at kissing, regardless of the style. His frantic, passionate kisses from the other night are just as good as the slow, gentle kisses he bestows upon Dean’s lips now. The boldest thing either of them does is slide their fingertips under the other’s shirt. It’s a small reminder that the heat and excitement are still there, without making them want to take things any further. After about an hour or so, Sam returns, groceries in tow. Dean and Cas accompany him to the kitchen, where Dean pointedly makes comments about all the vegetables Sam bought.
I just…”
“So...I have a present for you,” he says.
So, if you're not new, you may have noticed that there are now 11 chapters to this work! Why, you ask? Well, it's a simple matter of I CAN'T COUNT. I planned out all the chapters and then I apparently missed one. Guess I didn't watch enough Sesame Street growing up...Oh well.
I feel like Dean would be very protective of anything Cas wants to get when they all go shopping together, so of course he would be protective here.
“I...I’d like to take care of you, Dean...may I?” Cas asks, his tone gentle.
Cas shifts slightly in bed. Dean has rolled onto his back since falling asleep, and is now snoring softly. He mumbles from time to time, but Cas can’t make out what he’s saying.
Hope you enjoy!
“It isn’t your fault, Dean,” the angel tells him. “We can try again tomorrow night. Maybe Sam will be better rested then.”
“Do you want me to leave, Dean?”
here?”
likely very
“It is, Cas, but...you’re really willing to do that?” Dean asks. “You’re okay with growing old?”
require different blades?
how old I am in human terms, but I’m old enough to remember what your solar system looked like
Now that they live together, Cas is the one Dean vents to, the one he begs and pleads and finally convinces to watch old Westerns with him, and the one Dean playfully pelts with popcorn while watching said old Westerns—but
he enthuses.
“So,” Sam nods at the ice pack on Dean’s neck, “what happened?”
“I’m sorry, Cas,” Dean says quietly. “I got overwhelmed and...and I didn’t know what to say. I wasn’t sure what I was feeling. Or at least, I didn’t know what to do with it.”
Alright, let the spicy chapters begin...Enjoy!
Dean makes the unfortunate mistake of looking up at Cas. The way the angel’s hands hold the book right over his head, paired with his obvious proximity to Cas’s crotch, give Dean a
Sam hisses.
Dean gets to his feet, then so does Sam. Cas, who has not missed a word of this bizarre exchange, stares at them. They start to head for the library when Dean pauses, turning to the angel.
“Cas?” he asks softly.
go for hours, and Dean swore up and down towards the end that he was going to
(See the end of the chapter for
The angel hums appreciatively as Dean kisses him back, his arms winding around Cas’s neck. They stand in the middle of Dean’s room, making-out for several moments, until Dean remembers that they both have packing to do, and a case they need to work. He runs a hand through Cas’s hair affectionately.
“I want
“If it’s too much, just tell me, alright?” Cas prompts him.
“Cas?”
The angel rolls his eyes.
system, but they make it work. Sometimes, Cas will stay the whole night, but that’s usually only if they’ve had a long day, and he doesn’t want to risk waking Dean by getting up, or more
“No. Dreaming is an important and healthy process for humans,” Cas explains. “You were simply utilizing it to explore something you didn’t get the chance to do as part of a coping mechanism. You never
that gets moved into Cas’s room, it’s certainly not the last addition. It’s subtle, and it happens slowly so as to go largely unnoticed by Dean, but bit by bit, Cas starts keeping some of Dean’s things in his room. It begins with a flannel, but
into Dean’s mouth at that, and something inside Dean’s head snaps.
the one Dean wants to take to bed. He’s
“It’s because he’s a
“No, Dean...You see, not
“I was?”
He smacks his lips and can still taste traces of cheap whiskey.
To convince himself that this is just a fluke, Dean continues translating bits and pieces of Cas’s diary. Sure enough, Dean uncovers about a dozen more passages, all talking about
“I see you got the books I needed.”
good—clean, sharp, and sure to get some attention from the angel waiting for him back at the bunker. He runs a hand along his jaw absentmindedly as he drives back home.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he says in a low voice.
He shakes his head.
“Sammy—”
“I mean...I suppose this whole nesting business
thing, but he understands that humans can be a bit more selective. What he
“You two are in a good mood,” he points out quickly.
to him that Dean thinks he’s
Anyway, here you go, I hope you like it!
necessarily welcome. Cas practically squeezes the air out of Dean’s lungs with his embrace, blissfully unaware that he’s hugging Dean with all the strength of a boa constrictor. Dean tries to twist in Cas’s arms, but the movement only makes Cas hold onto him even tighter. His hands go to Cas’s shoulders as he attempts to get the angel’s attention, murmuring his name. Cas doesn’t respond, and
giving one. Even so, Dean honed his skills and learned how to
“I thought I would make the bed more comfortable for you,” Cas replies, as if this was obvious.
His head is stuck in the exact position Cas adjusted it to. Before Dean can say anything, Cas presses his lips to Dean’s neck once more, this time sucking lightly at the sensitive skin there. Dean goes to move his head, but nothing happens. He suddenly understands.
“You might be my friend, Cas...but if I
about complaining.
The admission makes Dean’s cheeks flush as he says it out loud, and he briefly wonders if it’s a step too far. He doesn’t worry about it for long though, because Cas’s lips are on his again, his hands sliding down Dean’s sides as he kisses Dean soundly. By the time they have to break apart for air, they’re both breathing heavily, hearts racing. Shirts are quickly stripped off, landing
Sam shrugs.
all the pants and gasps that escape Cas’s lips. Though he’s not always very
he asks.
“What do you know about birds?” Sam asks.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean…” Cas murmurs. “It’s…”
—and Dean is
Sam folds his arms over his chest, contemplating this information.
The angel reaches a hand up and cups Dean’s face, stroking the hunter’s cheek with his thumb.
But he quickly realizes that Cas might get angry if he catches Dean doing that.
taken it upon himself to do some of the research for them. It was a very nice gesture, one that Dean can greatly appreciate, since it means less reading for him. But now, go figure, Sam
“It wouldn’t happen to be the same gift you went out and got after you and your brother
Cas quickly lets go of him, taking a step back. For so long, he’s told himself that this is something he’s not allowed to have, that
“Yes?”
Cas is going to take a break from worrying about his room and focus his attention someplace else. And that someplace else happens to be wherever
“Yeah. It’s like an inch or two of foam padding. You put it on top of the mattress under the sheet and it makes the bed softer.”
“No.”
Dean claps his shoulder, grinning.
“But...shouldn’t you be getting ready to leave with Dean?”
“I already looked in the library, and…”
“How much is it?” Sam asks, shattering Cas’s thoughts.
They both relax further, their limbs growing heavier by the second. Cas nearly thinks he’s ready to go to sleep when Dean breaks the silence once more.
“Okay,” Sam replies.
He glances at his hand, then back at Cas. Dean giggles. He actually, properly
“Good...Ended up being a vengeful spirit. Nothing major,” he replies.
Now it’s
Cas shakes his head, as if to assure him otherwise. Dean sighs.
He misses Cas, even though the angel is just a few rooms away.
filthy mind. To put it in perspective, if the parts about kissing Dean or cuddling up with him in bed were like photos of a nice, innocent bunny hopping across a field of flowers, this newest passage was like a high-res, zoomed in, dick pic. And
dashing.”
does is quite different. He sneaks over to Cas’s room, cracks the door open, pauses, then closes it once more.
Cas cries out at Dean’s words, burying his face against Dean’s neck. Cas thrusts
Sam folds his arms over his chest.
Dean pretends to contemplate the answer, biting his bottom lip. His eyes flick over Cas’s body once more.
“Actually...I think I might like to sleep some more.”
“That’s not it, Sam.”
them.
to the edge of the bed, looking at the book, and as it just so happens, Dean currently has his elbows propped up
“Now I have more important things to worry about,” Cas says, looking at Dean intently. “Like
unusual sound coming from the angel, and it only makes Dean’s guilt grow. He stares down at his shoes.
“Sam has got to be the
“Oooh...
Cas is about to say something when Dean cuts him off by pushing his shirt up to his chest, exposing the entirety of his stomach.
The older Winchester quickly reaches over and takes the comforter set from Cas’s hands.
“What do you mean?”
done before. Cas is curled up against his side, resting his head on Dean’s shoulder, a hand splayed out on the hunter’s chest. He’s lost in Dean’s usual, rhythmic breathing, his eyes closed restfully when all of a sudden, Dean starts talking in his sleep.
“Dean!” he calls.
“We could
Dean can’t see
He gestures at each of them for emphasis. Cas seems to shrink away from him.
“So, what do we do now?” Cas says after a while.
“Say no more, Cas,” he says. “I really...
Sam resists the urge to roll his eyes.
Suddenly, Cas stares at him with a combination of shock and fear.
,” Dean says.
“How?” Dean inquires. “Are you gonna use a pick-up line?”
“No, Jack,” Dean says firmly, his blush returning full-force. “You need to sleep in
The angel seems to relax slightly at that.
good one, at that.”
Cas’s lips twitch slightly.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” he mutters. “I was embarrassed and...I didn’t know what to do.”
They both murmur embarrassed apologies and Cas slides over to the opposite end of the couch. Sam mutters something about the Lord taking his hearing and goes back to reading his book. Dean eventually directs his attention back to the webpage he has pulled up on Sam’s laptop and tension in the room slowly starts to ease. Several minutes later, Dean finds
Dean stares at him. He doesn’t necessarily mean to, but he
Understanding what Dean wants, Cas laces his fingers with Dean’s, resting their joined hands on top of Dean’s lower stomach. He looks up at Dean, taking the head of his cock into his mouth. Dean lets out a shaky moan, his grip tightening in Cas’s hair. The angel starts to bob his head, taking more of Dean into his mouth with each repetition. His pace is slow, almost tortuously so, but Dean doesn’t even
To say that Sam looks confused would be an understatement. He tilts his head to the side and leans back in his chair.
“Hey Cas, come on in,” he says.
He frowns. Cas steps over to Dean, wrapping an arm around him. He rests his chin on Dean’s shoulder as Dean continues to stare disdainfully at the stir-fry Sam made.
“No one, Cas,” Dean continues. “No woman...and certainly no
Dean nods.
Cas does, in fact, moan a second time, although not
Underneath the table, Dean slides a hand up Cas’s thigh.
“Nothing,” Dean replies quickly.
high.”
What could he
he is, how
Cas thinks that Dean’s tone sounds very
Cas wraps his arms firmly around Dean’s waist, pulling him in once more. He plants a long, slow kiss on Dean’s lips, then starts trailing wet kisses along his jaw. Cas nibbles lightly at Dean’s ear, forcing a moan from his lips. Because Cas isn’t there to muffle the sound with a kiss, the noise is much louder than any of Dean’s previous vocalizations, loud enough to fill Cas’s room. The sound spurs the angel on, and he starts kissing at Dean’s neck. Dean runs his fingers through Cas’s hair, tilting his head back to give Cas better access to his throat. Cas starts to suck at the skin there, pulling a string of shuddering gasps and low hums out of Dean. Dean feels a graze of teeth at the base of his neck, and his grip tightens in Cas’s hair. The angel nips at him experimentally and Dean cries out, bucking his hips into Cas’s.
The angel leans in, staring at Dean intently.
At first, it didn’t seem like Cas was going to have much luck. He couldn’t see any issues with his room, there wasn’t anything that made it a less-than-perfect place for Dean to be.
“What do you say, Cas, you ready to play?” he asks.
The older Winchester tries to distract himself by picking out a movie, but he can still feel Sam staring at him.
“What would you wear?” Dean asks him.
As always, I hope you enjoy the latest chapter!
“Are we playing for anything?” he inquires.
It was like hearing your child say a curse word for the first time. You
“Do you have a preference about sheets?” Sam asks.
Cas is staring at him. He glances at his journal in Dean’s hand.
“Just some book I found laying around.”
When Dean’s alarm goes off at six in the morning, he’s quickly reminded of a
Cas shakes his head.
He’s been getting more fluent in Enochian, and while he’s still very bad at speaking it—laughably so in Cas’s opinion—Sam has gotten quite skilled at translating the holy language in written form.
“That you
He guides Dean under the shower head, and Dean sighs as the warm water starts to trickle over his body. Cas slowly runs his fingers through Dean’s hair, letting it get wet. He keeps one arm wrapped around Dean as they share the water, leaning in to kiss him from time to time. When they’re both soaked from head to toe, Cas decides to start getting them cleaned up. He lathers shampoo in Dean’s hair, using his fingertips to massage the areas he tugged at harshly only a little while earlier. Dean leans into the touch, letting out pleased hums as Cas rubs at his scalp. When he’s finished, Cas then shampoos his own hair, smiling at Dean as they stand close together in the shower. They rinse the shampoo out of their hair, and somehow end up with their lips locked together in the process. When they break apart, Dean is hugging Cas against him, laughing gently. Cas strokes a hand along Dean’s side.
“Wow Sammy, I’m
“Why?”
Winchester wants his books back.
“It’s the night we met,” Dean says.
“I’m gonna have to disagree with you, Dean...But
“I’m sorry,” he says sarcastically. “But a dark, unidentified figure swimming around in a lake? Kinda screams
The color rapidly returns to Dean’s face in the form of an embarrassed flush.
Sam gives his brother a quick pat on the shoulder.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean shrugs, then nods. Cas hums thoughtfully. He recalls the detailed bar Dean had dreamed up. It wouldn’t be
“It wasn’t big enough to be a Loch Ness monster,” Sam informs him. “Plus, the killings wouldn’t have added up. If it
and...and I wanted to fix that.”
“Yeah, yeah...you keep working, Feathers,” Dean yawns. “And feel free to keep translating out loud...love your voice.”
As always, thank you so much for reading! I really hope you had a good time reading this chapter because I had a good time writing it, it was fun.
Thanks again for reading, I hope you liked it!
Dean smirks at that, unable to resist the urge to make a joke.
Sam looks up from the book, blinking at Dean a couple of times.
Sam knows something is wrong even before he sees Dean walk out into the library. He could hear his older brother yelling from Cas’s room, and though he couldn’t make out what Dean was saying, Sam knows he’s
Sam scoffs and rolls his eyes, then turns his attention to all the books Dean brought him. As far as Sam’s concerned, Dean does exactly what he says he’s going to do. What Dean
“What did
“I’ll help Sam,” Cas replies.
Cas senses that this is what Dean wants him to do, so he nods his agreement. Dean’s eyes light up. He has a seat on one of the barstools and Cas takes the one next to him. He observes Dean carefully as the hunter briefly turns his attention to the bartender and orders a beer for him. The bartender reaches down under the counter, grabs a bottle identical to Dean’s, opens it, and slides it across the counter in front of the angel.
“What is it, Dean?” Cas asks softly. “What do you need?”
in his closet, Sam. Not exactly
He reaches over and gently strokes Cas’s cheek with his thumb. The angel leans into Dean’s hand slightly, then turns his head to press a kiss to Dean’s wrist. Dean lets his touch linger.
“Excuse me, ladies,” he says, squeezing in beside them and taking his seat next to Cas.
Dean looks up at him, surprised.
It doesn’t seem divided up into any discernible chapters, so Dean’s not sure what kind of a book this is.
he and Cas got together, he was certainly going to be annoying
to me.”
Took me a teensy bit longer to edit than I originally thought, but here you go! I hope you like it!
about other stuff too.”
to Cas’s liking, judging by the low moan that leaves Cas’s lips. He manages to pull a few more moans out of Cas before the angel stops him. He reaches for Dean’s wrist, signaling that Dean needs to quit if he wants things to progress any further. Dean immediately understands, letting his hand slip away from Cas’s cock. Cas shifts between his legs, pushing them up and open a little bit further. He lowers himself down and lines himself up, his hands going to either of Dean’s hips. Then, as slow and smooth as he can manage, Cas pushes himself into Dean. Dean gasps at the initial stretch. He reaches up to grab Cas’s shoulders, desperately trying to ground himself.
Dean presses a quick kiss to the edge of Cas’s jaw, causing the angel to break out into a grin.
“Sammy, I think that’s the
age was somewhere in between his physical years and his physical appearance. So, as strange as it may have looked to an outsider, this behavior was actually spot-on for him. Not to mention, it wasn’t the first time that Jack had turned up at Dean’s door, complaining about nightmares. Usually when it happened, Dean encouraged him to go find Cas since the angel was always awake, but here recently, he’d started letting Jack crawl into bed with him, and allowed the nephilim to cuddle up against his side until he fell asleep.
Cas tells him. “You’re dreaming, Dean, you’re
“I’m guessing there’s no brownies tonight?” he asks.
He’d had a bad feeling since he returned from running errands and found every single one of the bunker’s texts on Enochian—along with his personal collection of notes on the holy language—
Cas half-hums, half-purrs quietly in his ear.
he pleads. “I
Cas tells himself,
“Just promise me one thing, Dean,” Sam says after a long moment.
you’ve got going on,” he says, gesturing vaguely at Sam’s head.
“And Dean?”
“I’m sorry,” he mutters.
Then, Sam’s gone. Dean and Cas sit in silence for several tense moments. Eventually, they manage to look each other in the eye once more. Suddenly, Dean can feel laughter bubbling up in his chest and Cas’s lips twitch into a smile. The hunter takes a moment to collect himself before he speaks.
want one?” he asks Cas.
Dean gives him a puzzled look.
stretch of the imagination, but Sam can stomach it.
the one Dean pulls in for a kiss, and
and reaches for Cas, urging him to come closer. Cas quickly sets the water and aspirin down on the nightstand, then slides onto the bed, stretching out next to Dean. He slides himself under the covers, then wraps an arm around Dean’s shoulders, pulling the hunter against his side. He kisses Dean’s cheek, then places the ice pack against the left side of Dean’s neck. Dean shivers a little at that, pressing himself into Cas. Cas looks at him, eyeing the love-marks on Dean’s neck. He shifts so he can hold the ice pack with one hand, while gently rubbing Dean’s back with his other hand.
Dean looks up at his younger brother, a hint of hope in his expression.
anymore
to cover themselves, Sam turns his back to them and the room finally goes silent. Cas slowly gets out of Dean’s bed and pads over towards the center of the room. He pulls on his sweatpants and t-shirt, then heads for the door. Dean slips under his covers, pulling them up to his chest.
Suddenly, Dean looks crestfallen.
They make dinner together in the evenings, with Jack asking Dean a million and one questions about why he prepares the food the way he does, and Cas attempting to use the stove. Between answering each of Jack’s questions and watching closely over Cas to make sure the angel doesn’t burn anything, Dean finds a sort of unexpected rhythm. It’s chaotic, and probably wouldn’t make sense to anyone other than him, but Dean likes it.
“I wouldn’t have believed it either.”
Why doesn’t Dean ever make that for breakfast? Is there a reason he only uses
This was even better than what he could have hoped for.
Cas stares into Dean’s eyes, understanding. His voice is even deeper than usual when he speaks.
pleased noise in response. Cas savors the sound, along with the taste of Dean’s tongue, and the feel of his lips, and the way Dean arches forward into him. He swirls his tongue along the inside of Dean’s mouth, taking in as much of him as possible. He strokes a hand along Dean’s spine, delighting in how the simple touch causes Dean to press their bodies even closer together. Cas isn’t sure how long they spend like that, exchanging kiss after kiss, but when they eventually have to pull away for air, it feels like it wasn’t
“I know, Dean,” Cas says.
try rolling to the side, but that would require lowering his head at some point, which would put his face right next to Cas’s—
“Yeah, I’m fine, Cas...Just dying of embarrassment, that’s all.”
Dean tells him.
sitting cross-legged in front of the tv, hugging a pillow in his lap as per usual. Sam, however, is passed-out snoring on the couch behind him. Dean facepalms.
me,” Dean offers.
Dean is pulled out of his thoughts when Cas mumbles something else, then starts to snore gently in his sleep. He sighs quietly.
here, not just watch movies and then
Sam scratches his chin, thinking.
“Cas. Cas,
“I’m not attempting to ridicule you,” he tells Dean. “I’m merely pointing out that I don’t see this as a bad thing.”
, Cas. And I’m
He wastes no time in lavishing attention on Cas’s neck, seeking out each little spot that he knows will drive Cas
Cas murmurs.
“You’re welcome.”
Dean slowly releases Cas.
precisely why when Dean and Cas don’t show up for dinner, Sam politely waits five minutes, shrugs, and decides to serve himself.
The realization alone draws a moan from Dean’s lips. His hands find their way to Cas’s shoulders as the angel continues his onslaught of kisses on Dean’s neck.
his pupils blown wide. The angel swallows, his adam’s apple bobbing slightly.
“Bathroom.”
with him. It could be an
“This is about us doing something for Cas,” he reminds his younger brother.
“You and I would talk...We could have a stimulating conversation while we eat.”
he whispers.
Something like a quick ruffle of Cas’s hair, or a soft pat on his shoulder. Dean shakes himself out of his thoughts.
he says, his voice hardly above a whisper. “I mean, I have tried
“Well, I think Sam and I can live without dessert tonight. And between you and me Cas...there are things I like a lot more than brownies.”
, Sam. If Cas is happy, then I’m happy for him. Okay?”
The angel gives him a guilty look.
Dean knows that something’s up as soon as he enters Cas’s room. For starters, the bed has been made. Normally, the angel just leaves it with the covers turned down and his throw blanket strewn off to one side. Secondly, Cas has been full of energy all night, and it seems to come to a head when they enter his room. Dean isn’t sure
. He wants
But for some reason, the way Cas forms the words, starting low in the back of his throat and letting the sound drift forward as each syllable washes over his tongue is one of the best things Dean has ever heard.
Dean gets a distant look on his face.
They both fall silent for some time. Dean squeezes his hand and presses a kiss to the back of his head.
“Oh. You...you sure you girls don’t wanna pull up a chair,” Dean offers, gesturing at the table. “I’m Dean, by the way.”
Enjoy! :)
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean hums the affirmative.
“Damn, you’re right…”
Cas offers him a sympathetic smile and reaches a hand up to stroke Dean’s cheek.
“A book? What book?”
Sam stretches and runs a hand over his face. He glances over at the kitchen table, then back at the doorway. He sticks his hands in the pockets of his pajama pants and waits for the coffee to finish brewing. He had had a
. Slowly, it escalates into the angel doing favors for Dean. Sometimes it’s washing the dishes and putting them away after Dean cooks. Other times, it’s moving the laundry into the dryer because Dean forgot to do it. Eventually, the favors become more tangible gifts, like a dvd Cas thinks Dean will like, or a new t-shirt because one of Dean’s old ones got a hole in it. It takes a while, but it all pays off as far as the angel is concerned, because one night, Dean visits his room, entirely unprompted.
Sam shakes his head.
For Cas, the last piece of the puzzle has finally clicked into place.
it. You two need to talk...Not
“Did you have him talk to Cas about it?”
“Would you like to take some now?” he asks.
want the best for them? There’s nothing he wouldn’t do for Dean or Cas. He’d take a knife, or a bullet, or an eternity in Hell for them. However, there are just some things he
fun begin, he shifts once more, settling fully between Cas’s legs. Guiding himself by feel, Dean wastes little time in taking Cas’s cock into his mouth. He greedily swallows down as much of the angel as he can in one motion, setting a steady pace as he starts to bob his head. He presses his tongue flat against the underside of Cas’s length as he does so, then switches his focus to the head of Cas’s cock, teasing him with little licks of his tongue.
There's only one chapter left! How will things end? What has Cas done? And what will Dean think about it? Stick around to find out!
Also, if you enjoyed this work, I have a couple announcements at the end!
“So, what, you want me to go get it for you or something?” Sam asks.
“Then I’ll be sure to make it worth it,” he mumbles.
“Hey, can I talk to you for a second?” Sam asks in a hushed tone.
Sam sighs and runs a hand over his face.
was…” he gestures vaguely.
Thanks again for reading, I hope you liked this chapter. I know it was a little short, but I promise the next one will be a bit longer.
Dean gawks at him.
The angel gives him a confused look.
“Hang on, Dean...was Cas your first kiss? With a guy, I mean?”
Sam smiles and examines the other ingredients Dean’s laid out on the kitchen counter.
“And—and he’s courting...?”
I could be wrong, but I feel like Cas would make a great roommate...Or at least better than mine...
answers the question. The younger Winchester starts to chuckle.
“Shhhh!” Dean hisses.
if he pinned him against the door and had his way with him. And for a second, Cas considers doing just that. He quickly decides against it.
Cas nods his understanding and presses one last kiss to Dean’s lips before turning to walk back to his own room. He changes into his usual suit and trench coat, then turns his attention to his duffel bag. Cas practically
“You—what?”
“A date, huh?” Dean muses. “Like...like a
“Okay…” Cas says slowly.
“Alright, Dean.”
Cas hushes Dean, pulling him in for a tight embrace. He strokes the back of Dean’s head, soothing him.
The Winchesters return to their food. Dean eventually sits up in his chair properly as Cas continues his little shows of affection. Cas inches closer, pressing a kiss to Dean’s shoulder. His hand then reaches up to play with Dean’s hair, occasionally sliding forward so he can stroke Dean’s cheek or jaw with his thumb.
Dean frowns.
“Yeah, you know. Get out of the bunker for an evening, go see a movie, go to a bar, I don’t know—just
Sam sighs.
“Hey, I have an idea,” he says, getting Sam and Cas’s attention. “Why don’t we take Cas shopping and let him pick out what he wants?”
Dean does the only thing he can think of: he decides to go get a drink, preferably something
happens while Sam’s away. They both agree that poor Sam has been subjected to enough of their affections for each other that day, and he doesn’t need to walk in on anything X-rated.
Sam downs his drink.
With that, Dean finishes making the pasta while Sam watches, the two of them chatting occasionally. When dinner is ready, Sam gets Jack and Cas, who have been discussing a book Jack read in the library, while Dean plates up their food. The two Winchesters and Jack eat while Cas sits at the table with them, and all four of them converse. Cas and Jack take turns asking about Sam’s hunt, and the younger Winchester does his best to answer. Dean steps in once or twice to fill in some missing information, but other than that, he just waits for a window of opportunity to talk to Cas. At one point, while Sam is sleepily attempting to teach Jack about the various common types of spirits, Dean leans over towards the angel.
As promised, here's some aftercare! (There's a little bit of bunker-blowout aftermath first, but it's mostly aftercare...)
as much of a shock, however, as when he realizes that
“So,” Dean says, inching closer towards him. “What’s your name, tiger?”
“You—but...you
“Easy for
Cas hums, contemplating this.
Dean blinks at his younger brother.
Cas makes it to the door of his room when he stops. He glances further down the hallway and smiles to himself. He walks over to Dean’s room, slinging his new duffel bag over his shoulder. The hunter’s door is open, and Cas quickly steps inside, grinning like an idiot. Dean is in the middle of packing, folding a handful of t-shirts and tucking them inside his own duffel. He glances at Cas and furrows his brow.
Cas gets to his feet and lets Dean take one of his hands, lacing their fingers together. The hunter leads him out of the kitchen, barely able to contain his excitement.
Cas tilts his head at Dean, his confusion only growing.
“It’s fine, Cas. Don’t worry about it.”
off for Enochian. All the other texts we have are written in a
Dean clears his throat.
Dean makes a show of sniffing the air and walking over to the oven, cracking it open so he can peer inside.
“Nice haircut,” he adds as Dean sits at the table.
“Oh, right,” he murmurs after a while. “You can take whichever ones you need.”
he asks hesitantly.
from the previous passages.
“Look, if you like Cas, then you like him,” Sam says. “I mean, what’s the big deal?”
Dean blinks at him.
A while later, Dean flops onto his back, stretching out as Cas settles against his side. Cas has a lazy smile on his face as he traces little, invisible patterns on Dean’s chest with his fingertips, his eyes closed blissfully.
his brother says pointedly.
“Thank you, Castiel.”
“Thanks for all the help back there,” Dean quips.
language. It’s not like listening to French or Italian. If anything, it’s more like listening to slowed-down German.
aren’t upset?”
“Cas!” Dean exclaims, not bothering to hide his shock.
“You know,” Dean says after a moment. “If someone would have told me
The anger fades as quickly as it appeared, and Dean hangs his head, still clinging to Cas. Cas pulls him in closer. He wraps his arms around Dean’s middle, drawing him in for a hug. After a moment, Dean’s arms wind around Cas’s neck. He buries his face in the top of Cas’s shoulder.
When Dean doesn’t say anything, Cas quickly climbs on top of him, sitting on his hips so that Dean looks up at him. He runs a hand through Dean’s hair.
by their lack of physical intimacy over the last week or so, he’d be lying if he said that Dean was the only one affected by it.
“You ready?” Dean asks.
“Very good,” the angel praises. “I’ll go make it for you.”
of Sam.”
That’s it, Cas...
Sam retorts mentally.
“Goodnight, Cas.”
“I’m sorry, Cas,” he says quietly.
obviously. But you need to talk.”
“After the events of this last week, and certainly after the events of tonight, I’m not surprised,” he continues. “It would seem that the recent decline in our physical intimacy has...
Dean glances up, checking to see that this is okay. Cas nods at him again and Dean slowly slides Cas’s sweatpants down off his hips. He leaves Cas’s boxers alone for now, his hands just brushing against the fabric of them as he tugs Cas’s sweatpants down to his knees. The angel takes a half-step back and steps out of them. He then crowds between Dean’s legs once more and grabs at the fabric of Dean’s t-shirt. Dean moans, signaling to Cas that he can undress him. He then removes his arms from Cas so that the angel can slide him out of his t-shirt. Cas tugs it off over his head, then drops it onto the floor. He grabs Dean’s shoulders firmly as he stares at his bare torso for a moment. His hands then slide down Dean’s chest and stomach. Dean shivers slightly and Cas bites his lip at the sight. When he looks Dean in the eyes again, Cas’s gaze is dark, like the sky when a thunderstorm is brewing. His jaw is set, his cheeks flushed a light pink.
he grumbles.
“You’re right,” he agrees. “I’ll see you later then, Sam.”
other way to cook it? And why do they only have pasta at
“I’m not suggesting you do
The angel notices Dean staring at him, and he smiles gently.
First off, he’s apparently a quick learner. He wasn’t
He settles between Dean’s thighs, pushing Dean’s knees up towards his chest. Dean fidgets on the bed, making himself a little more comfortable, one of his hands reaching for Cas’s hair. He rakes his fingers through the angel’s hair as Cas starts to trail kisses along Dean’s inner thighs, slowly making his way up towards his hips. Dean sighs and moans, anxiously awaiting what he knows is coming next. Cas takes his time about it, leaving clusters of wet kisses on Dean’s hips before finally,
“I think you never cease to amaze me, Cas,” he says quietly.
He really doesn’t need much more than that, seeing as he usually doesn’t need to shower, nor do his clothes ever get dirty. He packs his cellphone charger and slides the wallet Sam gave him into his back pocket. Cas then zips his duffel bag shut and heads for the kitchen…
Dean does everything he can to make those five minutes count. He’s careful not to get himself
“Sure,” Dean replies, confused. “What’s up?”
It’s not that Sam
“Those girls looked like they were in college or something,” he remarks. “I ain’t one to judge, Sammy, but how exactly are you still reeling
with such proximity, and the entire interaction confuses him. He recalls their positions in the room, and the way Dean nearly placed his hands on Cas’s hips. Cas doesn’t think he can bring himself to consider what Dean might have done if he hadn’t left.
been of the opinion that Cas looks good from virtually
Cas snaps his head up, a piece of paper comically stuck to his forehead. He stares wide-eyed at Dean.
It all feels so good that Dean doesn’t ever want it to end, but he can feel the pressure in the pit of his stomach building rapidly. He grabs Cas tightly with his other hand, his fingers digging into the angel’s side. Cas sucks a bruise at the base of his neck, and the sensation pushes Dean over the edge. He tries to babble out a warning to Cas, to let him know that he’s close, but Dean’s lips don’t seem to be able to form the words. He comes only a moment later, his moans reaching a new volume altogether as he spills into Cas’s hand, his back arching off the mattress. Cas gives him a few gentle strokes, slowing his thrusts. For a while, all Dean can do is lay there, his eyes closed and his heart still racing. He feels Cas go still, the hand in his hair relaxing its grip and sliding down to cup his face.
The hunter sighs.
Cas approaches him slowly. He glances around the kitchen, noticing how tidy and spotless it is. He looks at Dean, frowning slightly.
Cas honestly isn’t too sure. He just knows he enjoys the sound of Dean’s voice and the way his lips form the words as he talks. They must stay in the kitchen for a while, because eventually, Dean mentions food. Cas is able to discern that much.
Dean frowns at the bottle of whiskey. Sam clears his throat.
As far as communication goes, that’s about as direct as it gets. But then,
That afternoon, their fake argument goes so well, Dean thinks it could have won an Oscar.
surprised.”
Dean freezes.
I mean...it’s not that I don’t
Cas shakes his head, staring at Dean intently.
telling me that I…”
you talk to Cas,” Sam continues, “actually
Dean is in the library, reading when he hears the loud crash from the kitchen. Without hesitation, he leaps to his feet and runs towards the sound. He skitters into the kitchen, and frankly,
He rubs at his neck nervously, then winces.
Dean offers him a shrug.
When I first started writing this, I didn't realize how bittersweet some of the moments in this work are. This...this is one of those moments.
things are going, as he grins at Sam and Cas.
He does nothing to stifle the moans and gasps that Cas wrenches out of him, especially when he realizes that each sound just seems to spur Cas on even more.
“No, I’m going with you
you this morning? Hmm?”
“Fine,” he tells Sam. “I’m gonna give Cas his
He gives Dean a heated look.
when he sees it. Right at the edges of Cas’s temples are tiny, little patches of greying hair. Dean's smile quickly fades to abject horror.
Dean furrows his brow. By way of explanation, Cas reaches for one of Dean’s hands. He turns it palm-up, then slides his hand beneath Dean’s, his fingers pressing into the back of Dean’s hand. Suddenly, there’s a cool, wet feeling on Dean’s palm.
“I want
Thankfully, Dean had lived, and he quickly picked up several tactics to help speed things along when he needed to.
Dean asks, staring at Sam incredulously.
Cas shifts his weight in front of Dean, and the hunter has to bury his face in his hands. He peeks through his fingers at Cas, struggling to keep quiet.
“Don’t you
particular conclusion sparks a domino effect that stretches out over the next several weeks. It starts small, with the addition of a nightstand, placed on the left-hand side of Cas’s bed. That’s where Dean normally sits when they watch movies together, and Cas has discovered that if Dean has a place to keep a drink and/or food, he’ll stay for longer. The next addition is a bookshelf. It’s not very big, just large enough to hold some books the angel likes to read, and of course, an increasing number of Dean’s dvds. Cas has learned that if Dean can easily access his favorite titles, he’s likely to watch more than one at a time.
After getting into a long argument about who has a lighter tread and who Cas seems to like better—and is therefore less likely to
Laying like this, Dean can almost picture it.
“Then what is?”
“Oh, so you
“It kinda is,” Sam replies. “Did he...did he have questions?”
Dean offers him a half-shrug.
“And Dean? I mean it...Not. One
He lets out a loud, broken moan, tossing his head back on the pillow.
mentioned the case to Cas over dinner the previous night and Cas
“No...Cas has just been so
(See the end of the chapter for
leaning his weight against the doorway. As he slowly recovers, he can see the bowl Cas dropped onto the floor, identifying it as the source of the noise. A mess of flour, sugar, and cocoa powder litters the floor and counter. A wooden spoon teeters precariously on the edge of the counter, and Dean can see an open cookbook now covered in baking ingredients. When Dean fully calms himself, he notices that poor Cas is still standing there uselessly, arms held in front of him like he doesn’t know what to do. Dean sighs, feeling just a little bad for laughing at Cas.
Cas stares at him, piecing together Dean’s meaning.
Dean wraps his arms around him, pulling Cas onto his chest. The angel smiles down at him, resting a hand over his heart.
“Just getting ready. Still need to brush my teeth.”
If possible, Dean looks even more upset. Sam motions for Dean to give him the whiskey, and he pours a little into each of their glasses before replacing the cap on the bottle.
“And you always tell me you aren’t a romantic,” he teases.
“Sam,” Dean mutters.
The first several passages in Cas’s diary are exceptionally boring, but Dean’s not sure if that’s because Cas has nothing interesting to say, or if he’s just translating something wrong. As Dean discovers, the symbol for
A moment later, Dean concludes he’s “been gone” long enough. He enters the kitchen once more, holding his hands up.
Anna did. Balthazar did. Gabriel
Cas frowns.
it already feels like he’s seeing Cas for the first time.
Dean runs a hand over his face.
Dean gapes at him.
“What do you mean,
Dean scoots closer and buries his face against Cas’s hip. Cas sighs, giving him a look that is equal parts smitten and exasperated.
“I’m going for a drive,” he mutters. “I can’t deal with this.”
. That is, until he realizes this means there’s a good chance Dean is going to want to talk about it.
Dean sighs.
Almost angrily, Cas’s hands slide down, splaying on top of Dean’s chest.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean suddenly looks both confused and incredibly terrified.
he reminds himself.
Sam says slowly. “I’m just gonna...
The angel shrugs, feigning innocence.
Dean hushes him, tilting his head up to press a kiss to Cas’s lips. “Don’t you worry about that, Cas...I’ll bring the money, you bring on the charm.”
“That doesn’t
Cas suddenly gets up from his bed, striding towards Dean, his expression angry. He fixes Dean with a glare.
Dean doesn’t respond. Sam scoffs, gawking at him.
Dean sips his coffee blissfully. He glances to his left, meeting Cas’s gaze for a moment. The angel smiles at him, his eyes crinkling at the corners. Dean reaches over and pats the top of Cas’s thigh, then leaves his hand to rest there for a moment. Cas twines their fingers together, his thumb stroking at the back of Dean’s hand. After a while, Dean clears his throat.
“Hey man,” Sam says, barely looking up from his plate.
“It’s Cas’s
“Come on, Cas. I need to get up.”
Cas.”
un-angelic.
has skyrocketed. Neither of them were ever
rather than hear the rumble of Dean chuckling, and it takes every ounce of the angel’s self-control not to drape himself over Dean then and there.
“Uh. R-Right,” he stammers.
“So Cas...what brings you here tonight?”
“What if after you and Sam get back from North Dakota...you and I have a
Cas follows Dean’s logic to the next step.
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed it!
“Nothing, kiddo,” he replies, turning to look at the nephilim. “Work stuff. Pretty boring.”
getting to see Dean the way he is around bedtime. It strikes him, on occasion, that it’s a side of Dean that only
The blonde who was talking to Cas shifts her weight nervously.
Cas blinks at him.
have a television in his room.
“It was his idea,” Cas says.
“It’s those two girls from lunch.”
It’s no secret that the honeybee is Cas’s favorite creature on Earth, a possible close second being the cat.
Dean’s jaw drops. His eyes start to tear up as he stares at Cas in disbelief. The angel gives him a gentle smile.
“I like this one,” Cas announces definitively, pulling a package from the shelf.
He looks at his brother intently.
for that to come out as
The angel lets Dean hold him against his chest, burying his face against the side of Dean’s neck.
“Oh. Right,” the angel mutters.
The next bit should be up within a couple of days, so until then!
grabbing at Cas and arching up into him. Dean can even angle his head from one side to the other as Cas trails rough kisses along either side of his neck.
Sam thinks. He tucks his phone under his chin and reaches into his back pocket, pulling out his wallet.
he groans.
“Uh...are you alright?”
“Is he worse than the one in that movie you said I wasn’t supposed to talk about?” Cas asks quietly.
They openly hold hands at the table, and occasionally lean in for a kiss whenever the mood strikes them. Cas isn’t sure how long they spend doing that, but it doesn’t matter. All that matters is that they’re alone together, and everything feels
Dean turns to look at him head-on, and that’s when he sees it. His behavior might be different, the way he sleeps at night, and wears pajamas, and nibbles at food, and watches television in the evenings. Even his expressions might be different, more open, more pure and unfiltered. Cas laughs more often and smiles whenever he’s happy. He gets angry from time to time, and isn’t afraid to scowl or furrow his brow. On rare occasions, Dean has seen Cas tear up when the angel gets sad or overwhelmed. So much about the angel sitting next to him has changed, and yet...
The angel simply chuckles, enjoying Dean’s reaction. He presses a kiss to Dean’s jaw, then returns his chin to Dean’s shoulder. He whispers something else and Dean’s cheeks turn a bright pink. Dean looks at him out of the corner of his eye and Cas smiles
Dean enjoys spending time with Jack, and really, how could he not? The nephilim is easily one of the most entertaining individuals Dean’s ever met, partially because of his natural curiosity about anything and everything he encounters, but
Cas shrugs.
Dean sniffs at that. Cas turns his head and presses a soft kiss to Dean’s cheek.
“Dean? Are you okay?”
Dean frowns.
Sam glares at him and a long moment of silence passes between them.
“If I let you go, will you let me get up?” he asks Cas.
“You’re not helping, Cas,” Dean grumbles.
He twists around in Cas’s arms so he can kiss him properly, letting the angel box him in against the bathroom counter. After a moment, Cas steps back from Dean to untie his bathrobe and shrug it off, letting it drop to the floor. He crosses over to the shower and turns on the water, letting it warm up. Cas then returns, his hands slipping beneath Dean’s shirt again, and Dean forgets all about the crow’s feet.
“Hmm? Oh, nothing,” Dean replies, smiling at him. “Just thinking.”
As much as Cas likes being Dean’s best friend, he wants
thing with surprising ease. Admittedly, he hemmed and hawed about it for a couple of years, but when Dean finally caved and gave it a shot, all his indecision flew out the window. The first couple times were rushed and awkward, but Dean figured it out. He put things together on his own as a teenager when it came to girls, and he did the same thing as an adult when it came to guys. As his experience grew, Dean pieced together two things.
Whatever you do, Dean, don’t
a very different story. Admitting it to Cas?
“You think you’re the only one who’s made a mistake?” Cas asks him. “That you’re the only one who’s ever done something wrong in their life?”
Dean stares after him for a moment, then nearly throws the book on the ground in frustration. He huffs, rolling onto his back and staring at the ceiling dejectedly. Dean grumbles to himself and runs his hands over his face.
“You’re not?” he asks quietly.
“Well, yeah,” Dean replies. “Jack’s kinda like your son.”
Sam resumes reading as Dean digests this information. Suddenly, Sam breaks the silence, his voice tense.
Cas smiles at him, and Dean suddenly notices that he has a duffel bag. The gears in his head begin to turn.
The angel chuckles softly, biting his lip.
“I meant
“I don’t understand,” Cas says, furrowing his brow.
Cas gives him a coy smile and Sam shakes his head. He taps the front of his own neck to clue Dean in, and
Dean grins up at him.
“Technically, only my
He then wraps himself fully around Dean, using both of his arms and legs to hold him in place. Dean struggles half-heartedly and lets out an amused laugh. He can feel Cas chuckle against his chest. Dean had been afraid that their conversation last night would put a damper on things, but it doesn’t appear that it has.
“Cas?” he murmurs.
“A favor...Look, I found this thing I wanna get for Cas, but I need your help.”
Cas considers this for a moment. Normally, he only watches television when he’s bored, or if Dean’s with him. Out of the three of them, Dean probably watches the most television. In fact, Cas is surprised that Dean
As far as Dean’s concerned, that’s all the conversation needed. He’s never been one to look a gift horse in the mouth, and this is no exception.
I’m happy to do this for you, and experience new things with you. I wouldn’t want anything else, I know that now.”
Dean grins at him, biting his lip.
Dean looks over at Cas.
“And that doesn’t...
Thanks for reading! The next part will be up soon!
“And secondly,” Sam continues, between bites of his salad. “They weren’t here for
“I love you, Cas...more than
Dean doesn’t seem to hear him. He kisses frantically at Cas’s jaw and neck, pressing himself into the angel. Cas runs a hand along his side.
Sam nods his understanding.
“Yeah?”
Dean starts to arch his back and grind down against Cas’s fingers. The angel watches him closely, enjoying how
“Alright,” he agrees. “I think I would like that.”
They walk back to Dean’s room wrapped in their towels, their arms slung around each other. Dean closes the door behind them and hangs up his towel on the hook on his door, next to his bathrobe. He takes Cas’s towel and layers it over his own before turning and wrapping his arms around the angel. They walk towards the bed together, flopping down on it side-by-side. Dean settles against the sheets and furrows his brows. His bed is perfectly clean and cool. Not to mention, the covers look like they’ve been straightened slightly.
to this behavior—really, it’s actually a little
“I still ruined something as easy as brownies...I didn’t even get all the ingredients together this time!”
me,” he says after a moment.
“See, that’s what happens when you read someone’s diary, Dean. You
“What, so you haven’t noticed the mugs of coffee every morning and the chores magically doing themselves for the last few weeks?” Sam’s voice begins to rise in irritation. “How about all the little gifts that keep popping up on your bed?”
Dean finds it in the shape of a book he doesn’t recognize. He flips it open, examining it. It doesn’t look particularly old, unlike virtually all the other books in the bunker, but it’s clearly some kind of journal. All of the text is handwritten, largely in pen, and in...
Cas is about to ask Dean what he was doing just now, but as they walk back out to the main part of the bar, he quickly realizes he doesn’t need to.
late night.
however, is perhaps the best description. When Dean walks out of the bathroom at the small diner where he, Sam, and Cas are currently having lunch, and sees two young women crowded just a
Dean shrugs.
Dean growls, between pressing rough kisses along Cas’s jaw.
“If you don’t see anything you like here, we can always go somewhere else,” Dean informs him.
Sam immediately understands. He groans internally.
The two of them stand in awkward silence for a moment. Cas toys with the straps of his duffel bag and Sam stares longingly at the pot of coffee on the counter. Finally, Sam clears his throat and claps Cas on the shoulder.
“I’ll be going now,” he says, not even bothering to look back at Dean before exiting the hunter’s room.
He makes his way to the kitchen in search of the angel.
This story is largely written, I'm just editing it and uploading new chapters as I get through them. Unfortunately, I forgot some of what I wrote...So I'm erring on the side of caution and upping the rating to be safe. If you're still cool with reading, despite the new rating, I hope you enjoy!
Sam shrugs.
Cas gives him a strange look.
but...heh, that kinda answers my question,” he grins.
Or at least as normal as Dean figures he’s going to get. The truth is, Dean’s so excited by the sudden change that he doesn’t bother looking into it. Sam is decidedly indifferent about the whole thing, but that’s not unusual for him.
sorry?” he asks.
“I kinda asked him to dig up some info on old, Native American lore,” Dean tells his brother. “You think this is like...I don’t know, a monster guide for angels?”
Dean growls at him.
Some of the facts he knows about them—and their apparently
“And Dean?”
Well—okay, not
Dean pats the top of his thigh and kisses his cheek. He takes a deep breath.
“Yeah, tell me about it,” Dean mutters, rubbing the side of his face.
Dean must be able to sense this, as he abruptly changes the subject.
“My grace,” Cas tells him, already knowing what Dean was going to ask.
reaction. After wordlessly staring at Dean for the better part of five minutes with a strange look on his face, the angel had cleared his throat, assured Dean that sexual orientation had nothing to do with going to Heaven, and awkwardly patted his shoulder, before excusing himself from the room.
you holding back, you know.”
Cas sighs, narrowing his eyes at Dean in a way that suggests he doesn’t appreciate the snarky remark. Dean holds his hands up defensively.
The younger Winchester is entirely unfazed.
Dean begins.
so hard I dragged you into it?”
Dean immediately knows what Cas is talking about, a fact he doesn’t bother to hide.
Dean finally looks up at Cas and gingerly reaches a hand towards him, cupping his face. The angel gazes at him, wide-eyed. Dean inches a little closer.
“Nowhere, Jack.”
will be involved?” he asks.
tell me you didn’t—”
though it gets muffled by the covers. He has half a mind to chew Cas out for that. Normally, if they’re going to do anything
“A mattress topper?”
As you may have noticed, this work is now part of a series! That's right, there's more to come. After going back through Chapters 10 and 11, I decided I just couldn't end the story here, I wanted to keep going. While I am still working out the details, I am currently writing a sequel to this story that will pick up immediately after this chapter ends. So if you wanna know how Dean and Cas's hunting trip goes, stay tuned!
“At first, I was confused by that,” Dean admits. “I was confused because I thought you wanted the room for
struggling to get himself under control. At least the angel has the sense to roll onto his back, propping his knees up under the covers so that he doesn’t pitch a tent in front of Jack. Dean sighs and wraps his arms around the nephilim. He slides one arm around the boy’s back, then another under his knees.
For the angel, the novelty of sharing a bed has never worn off. He
Cas doesn’t hear him though, he’s too lost in his own thoughts. As he looks closely at the painting, he can see it. He can see the barn where he found Dean all those years ago. He can see the way Dean looked at him with fear and awe. Then, he’s reminded of every moment the two of them have shared since. Every laugh, every smile, every tear, every fight, every obstacle that drove them apart just so they could find their way back together again. In an instant, Cas likes it.
“By reading his diary?”
“I shouldn’t have freaked out on him like that, it wasn’t his fault,” Dean says, more to himself than to Sam.
“But...why would you do that?”
He looks at Cas’s face a little more closely.
He mumbles Cas’s name again, still praying. For a moment, the angel debates what he should do. He considers waking Dean up, but as confusion begins to give way to curiosity, Cas decides to follow the pull of the prayer where it leads. The next thing he knows, he’s in the middle of Dean’s dreamscape. It’s been a very long time since he’s been inside one of Dean’s dreams, but he remembers the feeling. Cas glances around, taking in his surroundings.
Dean takes a deep breath.
“What?” Dean asks.
“It’s okay Dean, you go have fun.”
the older Winchester understands.
problem admitting he has the hots for Cas
tired of being stuck in the bunker with Jack. As always, Cas enters his room not long after Dean has his shower and stretches out in bed, getting ready for sleep. The angel wordlessly climbs in bed beside him and they cuddle up under the covers. Tonight, Cas lays flat on his back while Dean curls into his side, one of his arms slung over Cas’s stomach. Dean buries his face against Cas’s neck and sighs contentedly as Cas slowly strokes a hand up and down his back. He knows the movement is
The papers slip out of Cas’s hands, spilling onto the floor. Dean doesn’t have time to register that though, because the next thing he knows, Cas’s hands are on him, pulling him against the angel’s chest. Dean’s hands fly to Cas’s shoulders to steady himself. For a long moment, Cas just stares at him, his blue eyes piercing into Dean’s. His eyes suddenly dart down to Dean’s lips, then flick back up to meet Dean’s gaze, a silent question. Dean smiles at him. He closes his eyes and leans in, pressing a kiss to Cas’s lips. It’s slow and tender, more hesitant than their first kiss, but somehow equally as powerful. Dean melts into it, sighing as Cas kisses him back, matching Dean’s languid pace. Cas strokes a hand along Dean’s back and sides, and Dean trails his hands down the front of Cas’s chest.
sorry for what I did...It was wrong. I had
“Oh, I
Dean buries his face in both of his hands. Cas’s hand continues to run through his hair, stroking the top of his head affectionately.
Cas leans their foreheads together.
Sam reasons.
He can practically see the gears starting to turn inside Dean’s head. A moment of silence passes. Then two. Then Dean gets stuck.
“It’s nothing Sam,” his brother says hurriedly, his face turning beet red.
Enjoy!
“And...I want you to know that it’s
“Yes?”
Dean shakes his head. Cas narrows his eyes.
awake in there. The lights are on—both the lamp by his bedside, and the small one on his desk—but somehow the angel is still asleep.
“So, what do you think?” Dean asks.
Homework first, then I can go play.”
parts of his body—as deep as he could manage. These last few years though? Dean’s had
“Could we make some popcorn?” he inquires.
Cas laughs lightly, grabbing at Dean’s shoulders.
very clearly have feelings for
Slowly, Cas chuckles in response. They share a few more kisses and lapse into comfortable silence, rolling onto their sides. Suddenly, Dean lifts his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What did you say?” Cas asks.
Sam walks over to him. He puts a hand on Dean’s shoulder, looking at him carefully.
“Yes, I’ll wear my tie, Dean.”
stretch of the imagination. The angel groans, burying his face against Dean’s chest. At some point during the night, Cas slid off his pillow and ended up with his arms wrapped around Dean’s waist, one of his legs jammed between Dean’s.
As always, thank you for reading, I really hope you enjoyed it!
“Anyway, my point is, they usually go through a nesting phase so they can, you know, raise offspring and whatnot.”
“Yeah, yeah,” he grumbles. “I know,
The angel pats Dean’s leg.
“What are you gonna do while we’re gone?”
Cas hushes him softly. He lifts his head and presses a kiss to the corner of Dean’s mouth.
They’re both silent for a long moment.
Cas frowns slightly.
Dean feels his mouth go dry.
The smile disappears from Dean’s face.
around him before, not for a prolonged period of time, anyway. But
, now were they?”
it’s exactly what he wants.
This isn’t too out of the ordinary, however. Since coming to stay with them at the bunker, he and Sam have slowly convinced Cas of the need to wear comfortable clothes when they aren’t working on a case. Nowadays, it’s not uncommon to find him wandering around in a pair of Deans’ old sweatpants and one of Sam’s oversized t-shirts.
Sam glares at him, shoving the book in his hands.
As usual, the next chapter will be up in a day or two! Until then! :)
that.”
than it used to.”
Dean laughs nervously.
“Angels are very...
word for word, but the way he mutters constantly to himself in a low voice as he works is both adorable, and utterly soothing. Enochian itself isn’t exactly a very
Cas that Dean met more than a decade ago.
Just when Sam thinks he can relax, Cas decides to dial things up a notch. To be perfectly honest, Sam’s a little surprised. Okay, he’s
“It’s Castiel.”
He tidies up his work space a little bit and follows Cas inside. While Cas heads for the kitchen, Dean goes to the bathroom to wash up. He scrubs the dirt and grease off his hands, then walks to his and Cas’s room so he can change into some fresh clothes. He bends down to take off his work boots and suddenly the pain in his back returns.
Dean blinks.
wrong.”
darting out to sneak little tastes of each other. Cas’s grip on him is firm, but not
too old...for
Dean gapes at him.
He shakes his head, wiping the engine grease he got on himself while extracting the tool on his shirt. The wayward screwdriver goes back in his tool box, and the Impala’s hood comes down. The door to the garage opens, and Cas steps inside. He makes his way over to Dean, who’s still fully focused on his car. Dean knows there shouldn’t be any other stray objects hiding in there, but he wants to be sure.
He pulls back, looking at Dean. Dean stares at him, wide-eyed. He nods eagerly. Cas slides a hand under Dean’s jaw.
Eventually, Dean seems to notice how lost Cas looks.
“And then we made out on his bed for a while…”
Dean glances at him nervously, trying to decide how much he wants to tell Sam.
the one crying, but when Cas breaks away, Dean can clearly see tears trailing down Cas’s cheeks. A pang of guilt rips through his chest as Dean reaches up and wipes them away.
“Yeah, uh. I wanted to say sorry for basically dissing your cooking this morning,” the younger Winchester offers.
“I suppose you could put it that way, yes,” he replies.
“Yeah,” Dean replies.
“That I like having you here,” he admits slowly. “I like sharing a bed and watching tv and just
“Just...a present for his bedroom,” he mutters.
him, he needs to
“Is something wrong?” Cas manages.
Suddenly—if not perhaps
Thank you for reading, I hope you liked it! Up next, a little aftercare...
Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed this chapter!
Dean nods and yawns again.
“Is everything okay?”
he offers.
There’s a long pause between the three of them.
as the cue ball causes all the others to disperse. The angel pockets a solid and quickly scans the table, looking for his next shot. Dean huffs out a laugh.
“No, no. I’m not saying
(See the end of the chapter for
But somehow, Cas just can’t bring himself to do it. He’s still too shocked, shocked at Dean and shocked at himself.
“So...you’re gonna
Because he wasn’t able to say that he wanted to leave hickeys on Dean’s neck in Enochian, Cas wrote that he wanted to
part that’s bothering you?”
I should have the next part up in another day or two, so until then! :)
Cas furrows his brows.
“Like what?”
“All those things you want in there...I want them
Cas nods.
“You can’t even read Enochian.”
“What?” Dean grumbles.
“C-Cas, no. Stop,” he murmurs, out of breath.
“What is it?” he asks Dean over the sound of the running water.
Dean’s never been any good with moments like these, so it’s no surprise to Sam when he simply gets up to leave. Grudgingly, Sam lets his brother go.
“Yeah, well, this time it was
Cas considers this for a moment.
“Okay, okay,” Dean grumbles. “I’m just...
Wordlessly, Cas surges forward, wrapping his arms around Dean’s waist. Dean makes a startled noise, his hands flying to Cas’s chest to steady himself. He’s about to ask Cas what he’s doing when the angel captures his lips in a feverish kiss. Cas moans softly into his mouth, pulling Dean tighter against him. While Dean’s not
Cas perks up at that, nodding.
“Cas, tell me you didn’t give up your grace,” he manages through gritted teeth. “Tell me you didn’t do something like that because of a
Sam blinks at them awkwardly.
Cas gives him a puzzled look.
He furrows his brow. Dean glances at Cas, confused. He moves to tilt his head back down, but...
They aren’t very deep, but he can still see them clearly. Dean frowns. At first, he isn’t really sure what to make of them. He pokes at the skin near his eyes hesitantly, unsure if touching the tiny wrinkles will somehow make them worse. Then, he slides the tip of his finger over them. They don’t seem to look any worse than they did a moment ago, but they don’t look any better, either. Dean doesn’t know why
he murmurs.
he pleads.
“Listen, Cas. If you don’t want—”
“What, did the vegetables scare you off?” he teases.
“What is it, Cas?” Sam asks, his tone amused.
A pang of guilt rips through Dean’s chest. The feeling only gets worse when he can hear himself lying to Cas a moment later.
Dean takes the opportunity to step in.
moping when they got to their hotel room. If he was
All the color drains from Sam’s face.
“I was kidding, Dean. You may continue.”
with how comfortable Dean is around him. Not long after, they excuse themselves to go watch tv in Cas’s room and the angel can barely contain himself.
“Do you have a favorite color?” he asks.
date?”
“Plus, I think it could be a good look on you,” Dean adds casually.
“What about now?” the angel asks him.
“What is it?” Dean asks.
“I, uh. I got a haircut,” Dean says, turning his head to look at Cas.
Dean’s jaw drops to the floor.
Thank you so much, as always, for reading!
Cas seems to contemplate his answer, but before he can speak, Sam cuts him off.
,” he says.
He walks through the bunker, intentionally looking around and calling for Sam and Cas. He makes his way to the kitchen, where the smell of apple pie fills the air. He forces a look of surprise when he sees Sam and Cas sitting at the table together, chatting quietly.
Cas presses a soft kiss to his lips, humming his agreement.
This time, Sam doesn’t stop him as he pours himself another helping of whiskey.
Dean gives him a bashful grin and Cas chuckles softly. He wraps an arm around Dean’s waist, pulling the hunter against his side. Cas presses a kiss to his cheek, then a kiss to his lips as Dean turns his head to face him. Dean places a hand on Cas’s chest, looking at him intently.
Dean isn’t interested in doing things like that. Or rather, he’s not interested in doing things like that with
“You mean
Cas frowns.
“What is there to process, Dean? It’s a journal. It’s not yours.
He identifies a few of them as ones Sam had been looking for earlier that morning, and Dean stacks them together on the edge of the desk. Just as he’s about to pick them up, Cas mumbles something in his sleep. Dean slowly looks over his shoulder again. He watches, transfixed, as Cas mumbles a second time. It’s hard to make out what he’s saying, but it sounds like it’s in Enochian. The angel’s lips twitch slightly as he murmurs, and once more Dean is plagued by distracting thoughts. This time, he thinks about something other than gently patting Cas’s shoulder or running a hand through his hair. As he stares just a little too long at Cas’s lips, Dean thinks about
Cas...”
“Yeah but...what if I make an excuse about wanting to cook dinner tonight? Maybe I can complain that I haven’t had a good stir fry in a while—which I haven’t, by the way, because all you make is burgers and pasta.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean tries to think of a way to explain what he means.
It takes Dean a while to figure that out though, because again, Enochian is
They exchange looks.
“Cas won’t let me do
“And...this was in Cas’s room?” he asks.
With that, the older Winchester turns and heads for the door, followed closely by Sam. He just makes it into the den area that has—unofficially, and by himself—been dubbed “The Dean Cave,” when Sam puts a hand on his shoulder, leading him off to the side.
“Very well,” he agrees. “I accept your terms.”
Their kiss builds gradually, a total contrast to the last time they found themselves in this position. They move like they have all the time in the world, lips brushing together gently, tongues only
“Hey, buddy,” Dean says softly.
“Would you like me to be rougher with you?” he asks.
“You’re also a very unconvincing liar,” Cas says bluntly.
God, no. Why do you have to do crap like that?”
Cas steps fully into the kitchen.
Dean gestures for Cas to come closer. He does, and soon Dean is wrapping him in his arms, pulling Cas against him. Cas crowds in between Dean’s legs, his hands cupping Dean’s face as he leans down for a kiss. It’s sweet and gentle, leaving Dean with a smile on his face when they break apart.
the one who needs to apologize.”
Cas thinks.
Sam scolds.
“It wasn’t too much, was it?” Cas asks. “I wasn’t too rough with you?”
“I’m here to tell the handsome, resident mechanic that lunch is ready,” Cas replies.
“Of course, Jack...What do we say?”
Sam reaches for the bottle of whiskey and pours a little into his own glass.
worse than some wrinkled clothes and a fresh hickey. Wordlessly, Sam crosses over to the refrigerator. He opens the freezer and pulls out an ice pack. He offers it to Dean clinically, as if he were helping him with an injury from a fight. Dean accepts it, not quite meeting his eyes. He holds it against the side of his neck, wincing at the cold. Dean stares forlornly at the kitchen counter. Sam folds his arms over his chest, taking a deep breath.
Sam cuts him off, holding up a hand for silence.
“I...I fear I may have blown out the electricity in the entire bunker,” Cas admits quietly, his tone slightly embarrassed.
“Yes, Cas...And since you’re going to be travelling, I thought you should have your own duffel. This way, you can take some clothes and anything else you might need with you. Plus, you now have a wallet with money if there’s something you need to buy.”
So, they decide to just cuddle up on the couch for a while. They kiss a little bit, and Dean learns that he
Dean rubs the back of his neck, and for the life of him, he just can’t bring himself to look properly embarrassed about it, even after what happened last night. His lips twitch into a smile, like he’s actually
he blurts.
able to squeeze his hand into the narrow space, and even
Cas nods his understanding.
who I am,” Cas replies.
Sam gives him a knowing look.
Thanks again for reading, I hope you enjoyed this chapter!
(See the end of the chapter for
Needing to distract himself, Dean decides the kitchen needs a thorough clean. He starts putting dishes away, throws the thawed-out ice pack he’d been using earlier back in the freezer, and wipes down all the counters. He cleans out the microwave, and the toaster, and the oven, making sure each of the appliances look brand new by the time he’s done. He wipes down the kitchen table and all the chairs. He sweeps the floor and is considering mopping it when he hears footsteps approaching. Dean glances at the clock on the microwave.
genitalia—are downright
So, for those of you who aren't new to the story, you may have noticed that the rating changed, and some of the tags are new. I'm not trying to pull a switcheroo on you, I promise, I just thought some updating was necessary.
because his and Cas’s combined confusion over how the human world works is absolutely
what I asked for,” Dean replies.
Dean points a finger in Sam’s face for emphasis.
“And...you’ve talked to Sam about this?”
on him, and it quickly becomes apparent to Dean that Cas is being similarly affected by what they’re doing.
Cas furrows his brow.
“Oh. Well, yes,” Cas responds.
duffel bag, Cas...Take it.”
“Of course I have,” he admits quietly.
and Dean’s only managed to do it a few times, under very specific circumstances. Thankfully, he quickly discovers that there’s a way to
do?” he protests.
does he want to. Instead, Dean steels himself and walks back to their table.
Sam mutters to himself, as he types the word “camping” into the search bar on his laptop...
“If you think I love these eyes because of some number of years they’ve seen, you’re
Cas—has a
“But...but last night you—”
me,” the younger Winchester snaps. “I have
Dean turns his attention to his assortment of dvds.
about the thought of walking around with all the hickeys Cas left on his neck in broad daylight.
Dean breathes.
the one Dean flirts with,
“Yeah, yeah. I know what protection is,” Dean quips.
“So...it’s because he’s your
Cas turns on his heel and walks out of the kitchen, glancing over his shoulder at Dean. They make it to the door of Cas’s room when Dean pauses.
stir-fry. He glances over at the food sitting on the counter and quickly decides to help himself to seconds. He makes himself another plate and takes a seat, glancing at the clock.
Cas seems to light up at this.
Dean stares down at his shoes, his cheeks taking on a bit of color. Sam looks at him intently. After a moment, he figures it out.
The hunter watches him go, but doesn’t try to stop him. He gets ready for bed like usual, taking a shower, brushing his teeth, and changing into a clear pair of pajama boxers and a t-shirt. True to his word, Cas tucks Jack into bed after the movie ends, and goes into Dean’s room for their usual nightly routine. They snuggle up together under the covers, laying on their sides, facing each other. Eventually, Dean turns out the light and decides to try and get some rest. As the dull fog of sleep drifts in, Dean finds himself thinking about Cas, and what their date night might have looked like...
that seems to come from everywhere, and suddenly the room descends into darkness. Cas collapses on top of him, panting heavily in Dean’s ear. He seems completely unaware that anything has changed. Dean glances around.
He looks back up at the angel, his expression soft.
“If I hear so much as
“That bad, huh?”
“Dean...you
This isn’t really the answer Cas wants to hear, but it’s nice that Dean cares.
species of birds build nests during the mating process as part of courtship.”
“Eh, it’s fine.”
Dean turns to look at the boy properly.
“Uh, it’s—”
surprised. He figures it must have something to do with Cas being an angel and not understanding what boundaries are, but by this point, it’s just ridiculous. Not for the first time that day, or even that evening, Cas decides to lean in and whisper something in Dean’s ear. Sam knows it’s coming, he can see it in the angel’s body language. The only difference is, this time, Sam happens to catch what the angel says. And this time, it’s
The angel quickly steps back from the bed, then turns to face the door.
“It’s your
The angel thinks things are going well at the start of their conversation, but towards the end, he can sense irritation in Dean’s tone.
Sam goes grocery shopping for all the ingredients he needs to make a stir-fry for dinner, but Dean doesn’t even care that he’ll almost certainly be having rabbit food later tonight, for two reasons. Reason number one: he’s also gonna get pie for dessert. Reason number two: he gets to go pick out a gift for Cas and surprise him with it. Soon, his master plan will all come together, but for right now, he and Cas are sprawled out on the couch, enjoying some time alone.
“Okay, Dean.”
a morning person, not by
it,” Cas says after a moment.
Dean tangles his hands in Cas’s hair, but otherwise lets him do as he pleases. Lets him kiss and touch and so much more as Cas keeps his promise to Dean.
Thank you so much for reading, I hope you liked it!
like I’m mad at you? I mean, if I was, do you
Sam pulls one out and random and slips it into the door jamb by the knob. He jiggles it slightly, and rattles the doorknob with his other hand. Dean must realize what Sam’s doing, because in the next moment, Dean is shouting at him.
“I’ve been thinking...there’s something I wanted to talk to you about.”
Cas got out of Dean’s room just in time.
As always, thank you for reading, I very much hope you enjoyed it!
“Worse? What—what do you mean,
“I see...I apologize if I’ve inconvenienced you, Sam.”
The angel can tell based on the look Dean gives him that this wasn’t the right thing to say. He runs a hand through Dean’s hair, attempting to soothe him.
not when the problem presents itself. No, the problem comes when Dean goes to stand up, and his knees begin to protest. He grunts, more confused than he is in pain, and takes a couple of stiff steps over to the next tire. He repeats the same process, and gets the same result.
...While
Dean. Would you like to get some rest?”
“A date night?”
He pauses to check his appearance in the mirror.
Regardless of how it ended, I hope you liked this chapter, and I hope you stick around. Thank you for reading!
“I fear I may have paid a little too much attention to your neck,” Cas muses out loud.
“Yeah well, maybe the next time you get a crush on someone, Dean, just try talking to them,” Sam says in a snarky tone.
“I need you to do me a favor,” Dean tells him.
They both turn to Cas expectantly.
The two of them stand here in tense silence, waiting for some sign that they’ve been found out. When nothing happens, Dean sighs.
The angel frowns.
likes the contrast between the two sensations whenever Dean blows him. Rather than question it, Dean has made a point of doing
more than a few strokes to coat Cas with lube, but seeing the look of pleasure on Cas’s face urges him to keep going.
“Goodnight Dean,” he says.
a Loch Ness monster, I doubt it would just drown its victims and not
“Can’t have you running off, now can I?” he teases.
Dean frowns to himself.
“Mmmm...
need to come with me.”
“Nothing,” Dean says quickly. “It’s nothing.”
Dean chuckles. Sam fixes him with his best
you to
Sam runs a hand over his face.
Dean assures him. “You have no idea
Sam hisses.
He then removes himself from the kitchen, heading out to join Sam in the library.
However long it takes him is up to
“Alright,” Dean says. “I’ll just let you sleep, then.”
Cas places a hand on Dean’s shoulder.
With that, she turns and herds Ashely out of the diner. Once they’re finally gone, Dean relaxes a little. He keeps his arm draped along the booth behind Cas, though he removes it when the waitress brings out their food a couple minutes later.
“Yes, I did. Thank you, Dean.”
to be.”
“I see you guys made some friends while I was gone,” Dean grins at his brother and Cas before glancing up at the girls. “And who might you two be?”
“Like a full-blown, proper kiss, yeah,” Dean grumbles, his cheeks going a dark red.
“So...what do you do? Do you work at an office? I see you’re wearing a suit,” the shorter, blonde woman says.
“Demons?” he asks.
is why we sent
It hadn’t taken him more than a couple minutes to piece together what Dean was up to, and as tempted as Sam had been to tear Dean a new one, he decided he would let Cas have the honors.
Cas,” he breathes. “I want everything you’ll give me.”
“Just so I understand what I’m getting into,” Dean adds. “Terms and conditions, and all that.”
hear you talk about how you plan on debauching my brother in front of my food again...I will slit my palm with a butter knife, draw a banishing sigil, and send your ass back to Heaven without a second thought. Understand?”
If it wasn’t for the fact that Cas was now kissing along his jaw and the side of his neck, he would
what he’s been looking for.
“Yeah, Sam?”
I should have the next chapter up in a day or two. Until then! :)
me,” he pants.
“No, Dean. That kind of thing is private. It’s called a
Sam has just finished chopping up the celery when Dean stumbles into the kitchen. He already took care of the onion Dean got halfway through, now he just needed to chop the mushrooms up. He glances in Dean’s direction.
idea...”
“I...I don’t know,” Cas admits.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam coughs.
“I mean...winks across the bar and little pats on the shoulder are one thing, but
“No. I need you to distract Cas while I go get it and hang it up in his room.”
When Sam leaves to run errands, Dean sets to work rounding up all of the texts he can find on Enochian. Some are books that have been in the bunker since its creation, others are handwritten documents that Sam has put together while working on teaching himself the holy language. Confident that he has everything he needs, Dean decides to head back to his room, carrying a large stack of books, notepads, and manila files. He closes the door behind him, and sets everything down on the floor in his room. He doesn’t have a desk, so he’ll be using the floor and his bed to lay out all of the materials he’ll be working with. Luckily, Cas didn’t spot him in the library, so the angel is none the wiser about what Dean is up to. Dean skims through some of Sam’s notes that have general information about translating Enochian into English, then retrieves Cas’s journal from its hiding place.
“Here, I’ll let you finish reading,” Cas says.
He looks at Cas for a moment, biting his lip.
Dean complains.
the two of you do while you’re gone,” Sam assures them, “but you do need to handle the case. Understand?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I need to talk with you Cas, but I...I think it would probably be easier on
“Great, thanks.”
I miss when it was just you and me, and we could ditch Sam whenever we wanted to spend a little time alone and not have to worry about the consequences.”
Sam gives his brother a curious look.
“And when we were done with our meal,” Cas says, “we would return home, and spend some quality time together, just you and I.”
—Jack takes this as a sign to crawl into bed with him and Cas. He climbs onto the foot of Dean’s bed and moves to wedge himself between them. Both Dean and Cas surge forward, each of them grabbing one of Jack’s shoulders before the boy can lay down.
here,” he growls.
I was very angry at first,” he admits. “But now?”
together.”
of you.”
Cas replies, practically
It has to be one of the
“And I imagine it’s only natural in a scenario like this for your subconscious to want the
He glances over at Cas.
Cas sighs deeply, and there’s an air of finality in the room. Dean rolls them onto their sides so they can get a little more comfortable and a few moments later, Cas drags himself away from Dean just long enough to turn off his lamp. Dean quickly settles in behind him, curling himself around Cas and pulling the covers up over them as if to shield Cas from the outside world. As Cas drifts off into sleep that night, he thinks about everything Dean said. He knows it’s his grace that’s kept his vessel from aging.
“And you think...
The angel gets a slightly bashful look on his face.
me in an abandoned barn,” Cas adds.
“I’m not going
The hunter runs a hand over his face.
Dean nods awkwardly.
Dean digests this information. When he realizes that Cas is physically alright, he relaxes slightly.
“Oh, it’s gonna take more than that, Cas,” Dean says.
The hunter looks at him, his lips twitching into a small smile.
“All I did was allow my vessel to catch up to its physical age here on Earth,” Cas continues. “I was hoping it would be more gradual, so I would have the time to come up with a way to tell you, but...obviously this is new for me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas bites his lip, laughing gently.
he’s been.
“I...I had a bad dream,” he admits.
“Donuts and coffee?”
He gestures in the direction of the coffee machine.
,” he stutters.
“Uh...no,” Dean mutters, adopting a guilty expression.
“If you think I love this body because of how young it is, or what it looks like, you’re
“Okay, okay. I’m sorry,” he says. “I’m just...
“Hey there, Cas,” Dean smiles, poking his head into Cas’s room.
“But if you’re worried, it’s not that much.”
Dean frowns at his brother.
Both Dean and Cas make a strange face at that. Dean slides down in his chair like he wants to hide under the table, and Cas looks like he’s trying very hard not to laugh. Sam furrows his brow.
“Believe me...
Suddenly, Sam pieces it all together.
“Keep it,” Sam says quickly. “I don’t need it.”
“I asked if everything is alright.”
to say,” Cas mumbles. “You don’t destroy the kitchen every time you try to make something.”
“Oh, I’m sorry Cas. I, uh...I don’t think I know what book you're talking about. If I picked it up by mistake, it should still be with all the other stuff I grabbed this morning.”
As you can see, there's only a couple of chapters left, which means the conclusion to this story is right around the corner! Until next time! :)
Dean realizes he’s too sleepy to make excuses, and frankly, Cas would see right through them even if he wasn’t. He takes a deep breath, then exhales slowly.
“Hey, Dean,” Cas calls to him.
he mutters.
Enjoy!
definitions of
He’s quiet for a moment, then he presses himself more firmly into Cas, looping his arm around the angel’s side so he can stroke his hand along Cas’s back, his fingertips ghosting over Cas’s spine. Cas shivers slightly at the touch. Dean plants a quick kiss on his lips.
His eyes travel all the way down, then all the way back up Cas’s form.
Cas nods.
“What do you mean?”
can go get your painting for Cas.”
After dinner, they all migrate to
“I meant,
Every time, Dean is appreciative, and every time, Cas feels like he wants to do
Sam leans back in his chair.
Dean silences him by rolling his hips up at Cas. The movement is weak, but the message is clear:
a five-year-old kid. It’s made even worse by the fact that Cas is
the type of man Dean seems to be interested in—judging by the usual subjects of Dean’s advances—and yet, Cas never gets to be on the receiving end of Dean’s attention. He fits the hunter’s profile
“You mean like,
Cas slowly accepts it. He sets his coffee mug down on the counter and opens it up.
me before,” he admits.
“Oh,” he mutters. “I guess you’re right.”
Cas then walks into the darkness of the hallway, not needing light to be able to see. Sam’s eyes go wide with shock and he turns to look over his shoulder at Dean.
Cas is slumped over in his chair, arms folded on top of his desk with his head buried against the crook of his left elbow. There’s paper, pens, a couple journals, and several books scattered on the desk’s cramped surface. One of the books teeters precariously on the edge of Cas’s desk, next to his arm. Dean smiles to himself.
“Too forward,” he echoes flatly.
Dean shoots him a look.
he says.
Dean shakes his head.
“Okay, okay. I’ll go get cleaned up and meet you in the kitchen,” Dean says.
“You’ve been acting a little...
The simple statement makes Cas’s chest swell. The angel twists in Dean’s arms so he can face him, staring into his eyes as Dean holds him tight. After several long moments, eyelids slam shut and lips meet in a passionate kiss. Sadly, they’re only together like that for a short while as all of a sudden, there’s a knock at the door. Sam pokes his head in, speaking quickly and urgently as soon as he cracks Dean’s door open.
“Cas?” Dean asks quietly.
After several long moments, Cas bottoms out, his hips pressed firmly against Dean. Dean lets out a breath he didn’t realize he’d been holding and Cas groans, stroking Dean’s side. He wraps his legs around Cas, his hands pulling him in for a kiss. When their lips part, Cas leans his forehead against Dean’s, his hand coming up to stroke the hunter’s cheek. They stay like that for a moment, adjusting to how it feels to be so close together. Then slowly, Cas begins to move. He slides out about halfway, then rocks back into Dean. Dean moans at that, encouraging Cas to keep going. He presses kiss after kiss to Cas’s cheeks and jaw, one of his hands running through Cas’s hair. His fingers are still a little messy from the lube, but neither of them care, they’re too preoccupied with how it feels to
