“I’m sure it does,” Rhodey says, and scoots over on the couch cushions, letting Tony sit down next to him.
He reaches the entrance of the room and freezes. Where he’d expected Bruce or Sam or Clint or even Thor raiding the kitchen of pop-tarts, he sees Bucky leaning against the counter, loose and relaxed as he kisses, oh God,
Tony laughs breathlessly, but then cuts himself off with a low moan when Bucky starts undoing his pants single-handedly. His flesh hand strokes Tony’s thigh softly while his metal pushes aside fabric and buttons and zippers.
He lost him in a fit of cowardice, when he just couldn’t take it anymore. It was an act of desperation, of wanting to crawl out of his own skin, and the consequences of said action were far greater than he could have ever imagined.
His voice is soft and sweet when he says his name, and Bucky wants to take the bait the man’s offering, wants to just concentrate on the way his name fell so perfectly from between Tony’s lips, but he has a mission, dammit.
Thor glares at the little cloth tag in distaste, before sighing and reaching for the bright orange animal itself, pulling it from between the cushions of the couch he’d been working on. He stubbornly ties the offending name tag around one foot and holds it up for Marire’s speculation.
Bucky grabs his heel tightly and wedges it under the window, working as fast as he can. One, two, three pushes and cracks spider up the glass, growing larger and larger until the window suddenly falls in tiny fragments of glass, littering the van floor.
The phone rings for a long time, and he wonders if Pepper will even pick up. To his immense relief she does, with a hesitant, “hello?”
She smiles a little and jumps to her conclusions, however. “Oh, sorry sorry,” she says in accented English, “do you need...?”
“Colonel Rhodes,” he greets, and his voice is friendly, amiable. It is obvious that he doesn’t sense the tension thickening in the air, or tightness of the colonel’s shoulders.
“Lost you for a second there,” he says, and he’s trying to smile, trying to make a joke, but Bucky can see the concern in his eyes.
Every time a bit of plaster is pulled deep from Steve’s flesh, the man flinches and lets out a hoarse yell, Bucky wincing along with him. He keeps steady, however. His one job is to make sure Steve doesn’t move and, goddammit, if that’s how he’s going to help Steve, then he’ll make sure the man will never fucking get up again.
All along his front is a warm weight, and he looks down, smiling helplessly, at the still asleep Tony Stark. The other man’s still tucked into his neck, the tip of his nose brushing Bucky’s ear, and as Bucky watches, he breathes out in a little puff, sending a small burst of warm air skittering across Bucky’s skin.
Fuck. There’s shaking, and then, yes, he knows where he is. He’s in the kitchen, and there’s Tony Stark, clutching Bucky’s shoulders with worry in his eyes. They were looking for lemons, he remembers that too, and he was instructed to go out and get them.
He swoops down and blasts one with his repulsor, expecting it to explode, or at least drop. He certainly isn’t expecting it to start vibrating violently, shuddering in mid-air. He backs up, watching it with confusion, before the thing suddenly explodes, spraying goo everywhere, splattering the front of the suit.
Steve, on the other hand, has a much clearer diagnosis. It helps that he doesn’t hold back, desperate as he is for some form of resolution.
Bruce also kept his thoughts to himself, privately thinking that he isn’t sure whether that particular bit of partial amnesia was due to the concussion, or the event that led to Steve’s apparent breakdown, but either way, it’d get fixed soon enough.
So no, it isn’t the stuff he’s worried about, or even his daughter, by extension. The doctor’s informed him several times that his body and the baby will be fine before, during, and after the delivery, and there’s nothing he should really be worrying about (he does, anyway. It’s something all expectant people do).
The corner of Bucky’s mouth twitches again. “Wonder how much of that’s goin’ to be passed to the young one,” he drawls, and Tony freezes.
. He doesn’t mean it, of course, he doesn’t. He wouldn’t trade Tony’s unborn daughter for anything, but he can’t think straight. He’s not in control.
“That’s true,” he had rasped, then shook his head. “But I can’t ignore it anymore, Stevie. It’s killin’ me.”
By now Tony had disassembled the suit and was sitting on a bench in the corridor, wearing just a Queen shirt and beat-up jeans, feeling strangely vulnerable with just the other man for company and no suit to cover him up.
He looks away, stomach rolling, and notes absently that he’s lying on a soft surface; probably Tony’s couch. He’s on his side, his flesh arm tucked underneath him, numb with the weight.
She thinks about it for a second. “Mental disorders aren’t really something people heal from. They’re something that provide symptoms people can manage with therapy and medication, but in your case, especially because you said medication likely won’t work on you, then yes, you’re healing from it. Although…”
Bucky takes a minute to answer, chewing a mouthful of food thoughtfully, and Steve lets him, trusting him to eventually spit it out. “I remembered something else,” he says at last. “Earlier.”
Here the hissing is much louder, and he winces as he steps under the spray, feeling it pound his back at an uncomfortable temperature. Still, he grabs a scrubber from the rack on the wall and follows the lead of Steve, who’s already started roughly rubbing it along his skin in rhythmic circular motions, leaving soapy suds in its wake. They’re pressed against opposite walls; the shower is really only made for one person and neither of them is a particularly small man. Well, okay,
Bucky holds his eyes and brings his hand connected to Tony’s up, very slowly as not to spook the man. He can feel Tony’s racing pulse beneath his fingertips, hammering incessantly against delicate skin. Bucky knows if he were to spread a hand over Tony’s chest, he would feel his heart pounding a tattoo against his rib cage.
“Talking,” Tony answers, examining the grime beneath his fingernails. “About science-y stuff. I don’t expect you to understand.”
Tony forces any emotion from his face and tries to smile. “He’s not quite in the picture,” he says carefully. He makes the mistake of looking at Natasha and feels a dread curl in his stomach at her expression. Her mouth is slack with understanding, and she looks faintly nauseous.
They jump from the roof, that’s the only explanation. That’s the only explanation for men suddenly raining down on James Buchanan Barnes, catching him off guard and trying to hold him down even as Bucky attempts in vain to struggle to his feet. He does get to them, eventually, but there are simply too many, and fuck, someone’s stabbed something into his metal arm, into his shoulder, and it’s just white blinding pain, and through it all, the single pinprick of needle below his right ear, before the world slowly slides out of existence with tentacle-like tendrils of light escaping as the black closes over.
Bucky’s head thumps rhythmically against the side of the van as the old car trundles slowly down the road, setting off a raging headache Bucky knows isn’t just from whatever he got knocked out with.
“Are you alright?” he asks, reaching a hand out as if to touch him, but stops the motion halfway so it’s just awkwardly hanging in the air. “Bucky?”
Tony’s breathing evens out after a few minutes, and his heartbeat slows, but Bucky doesn’t fall asleep. He’s been struck with the thought that this is the first time he’s truly let someone into his personal space that wasn’t from necessary contact, such as the holding down Sam and Steve had to do.
“Yeah. Doesn’t hurt though,” Clint says thoughtfully, and Tony can see him prod at the paste on his shoulder.
After finally forcing himself to reinforce the stomach plating of his suit, he stares a little too longingly at his whiskey for his comfort. So he forces himself to leave the workshop, not sure where he’s going, but knows he needs to be
” he suddenly screams, and turns around, punching the wall as hard he can. His fist goes straight through, clearing a hole in the plaster, and he pulls it out before driving his elbow back then forward again, punching the jagged edges of the same hole, and then doing it a third time: punching it again and again and
Thor’s next, and he seems quite excited by the prospect despite Tony and Clint’s reservations. Like the man before him, he strips outside of the door, his muscles rippling and flexing as he steps into the chamber. He comes out ten minutes later in a rush of steam, skin pink from all the scrubbing to ensure he was clean as a jellybean.
At first, nothing happens, and Bucky thinks Tony was wrong when he said his British robot person was in every room, but soon JARVIS’s indifferent voice floats quietly through the room, barely louder than Bucky’s words but still quite clear even with the water.
Tony Stark was no longer vibrant or gorgeous or a genius, he was an ex-weapon mongerer with a narcissistic personality disorder and so much arrogance he could fill a lake with it. He was no longer social or passionate about his work, but a workaholic who couldn’t keep his mouth shut or legs closed for a single soul on earth.
The Winter Soldier comes in cautiously, hand resting on the tell-tale bulge of a gun in his pocket, but he doesn’t draw it. Progress. He’s also not wearing a mask, but his hair is drawn and it’s impossible to tell the exact features of his face. Tony also notices a distinct lack of the sleek black uniform he had been wearing in earlier sightings. He’s in civilian clothes now, tattered ones at that.
What in the world is he going to do with a baby? A tiny human that is so fragile, even more fragile than the man in his arms, and one mistake could end the baby’s life. He’s not strong enough for this, damnit. But he has to be. He just has to be. He shuts his eyes tightly and clings to Tony like a drowning man does desperately to his last breath of fresh air, and stays like that until Tony wakes three hours later.
Trust is a fragile thing, though. Bucky knows that breaking it, especially when it belongs to this man, is an awful idea.
Bucky’s eyes widen and a smile tugs at the corner of his mouth before spreading all across his face. “You made me the damn thing,” is what he says, and Tony can’t help but snort a laugh.
“I just need to check for a concussion,” Bruce explains, and carefully wipes the blood off of Steve’s forehead and nose. Miraculously, there’s no shrapnel in the closed cut on his temple. “With the serum you shouldn’t have anything more traumatic than that, and even then the likelihood you have one is pretty low.”
God, he was such an awful man. The one time he’d finally gave in and fucked Tony, he didn’t even take the moment to pretend it was Bucky he was slamming in, or Bucky’s hair he was tugging. No, he could only think of Tony, and the version of Tony he forced himself to think of nevertheless, too weak to own up to himself that maybe he didn’t think Tony was a whore at all, but maybe he was just falling a little too fast too hard, for a man with black hair that curled at the end, the man who made robots to be his friends, the man who’d put up with all of Steve’s bullshit and worked tirelessly to give him upgrades for his suit and armor, the man who was so damn alone and touch-starved he’d turn to a man he knew probably hated him for a few minutes of human contact. Steve didn’t hate Tony Stark, he didn’t, not really. He was just scared.
“Need a sleep partner?” Bucky asks, flicking a hand to get JARVIS to turn down the music so Tony can hear him.
come up, then? You’ve been down here for over forty-eight hours, and Jarvis says you haven’t slept or eaten the entire time.”
“They better,” Thor rumbles in agreement, glaring at the innocent duck in his arms and cursing himself all the while.
Tony shivers. He hasn’t even known he’s wanted that as much as he does, and the warmth he’d felt from even imagining something like that, where they were all together, in love… Tony rubs his fingers over the bridge of his nose, groaning softly under his breath. He’s an awful, awful man, thinking of his lover’s boyfriend while said boyfriend was
No one answers, so Steve looks to Tony, who smiles a little. “It’s what we’re doing now, apparently.” He throws the pencil into a mug and shuts off the light, plunging his little corner of the workshop into darkness.
“If you want to break up with me, I’ll be heartbroken, but I’ll understand. I–” he clears his throat. “I just wanted you to know. Both of you.”
“Bucky, I don’t want to be left alone again,” he says, and Bucky softens, going down to the other man’s level so he can very carefully wrap his arms around him.
Tony throws his head back and cackles until his throat is sore and the peals of laughters sound forced, because the whole situation is just so
Bucky rolls his eyes and stalks closer, before carefully wrapping his arms around the other man. In his grasp, Tony tenses, then relaxes a little, and Bucky buries his nose in his neck.
“You don’t… have the whole picture?” Tony protests weakly, and curses himself for phrasing it like a question.
Maybe it was time, Steve mused the next morning, rolling a pencil between his fingers. The weight of it should have felt familiar, but all he could think of–rolling the slim cylinder between his thumb and forefinger–was how he’d used it to draw so many terrible things.
“Think we can go on a walk?” he asks Steve, an idea already forming, and Steve shakes his head, muttering, “I don’t want to leave.”
“I’m not hungry.” Bucky knows this should be a lie, seeing as it’s eleven in the afternoon and Steve still hasn’t left his bed, but somehow, he gets the feeling he’s telling the truth.
Tony reaches behind him blindly and grips the hand that’s rubbing soothing circles into Tony’s back, gripping it tightly in his own.
It’s all he hoped would come out of Bucky’s mouth, the exact words he was subconsciously pushing for earlier, but as he considers saying yes, telling Bucky that yes, he cannot be with Steve, and yes, he needs to be Tony’s, and only his, his mouth begins to taste like ash.
“Okay, Buckeroo,” Tony says loudly. “Sit still and let JARVIS work his magic. I’m serious. Don’t move.”
Alright, he knows what to do. Deep breaths, Stark, that’s it. Tony follows the directions in his head, hating himself as he pretends it’s Steve telling him this, keeping him sane. He forces himself to slow down his breathing and takes in the slowest lungfuls he possibly can, trying to let them out just as slowly.
“I’m not acting like anything,” Steve hisses right back. “I don’t know what you want to hear, but clearly I can’t give it to you!” he says, his voice raising.
“Fuck,” he breathes. He looks up at Bucky and beams. “Here, feel this,” he says excitedly, and drags flesh fingers to rest on his stomach.
The emotion immediately leaves Steve’s face. Walls are drawn up, and Tony curses himself internally. That had been over the line.
Steve clenches his hands into fists around his paper and pencil. The pencil finally succumbs to the pressure and snaps in half.
Bucky nods. He knew the old Bucky Barnes loved Italian; one of the few clear memories he had were of him eating maccheroni with the Howlies, Steve a warm presence at his side as he scarfed down his meal. Was it watery? Yes. Was it greasy? Yes. Was it the same thing they’d eaten for four days straight? Yes. But did it remind Bucky of the small Sicilian place on the corner of their block, that was run by a sweet old lady who would always sneak them cannolis? Also yes.
“Alright,” Bruce says, and gently takes Steve’s injured hand in his. “Here, let me give him some painkillers. He seems like a danger to himself.”
He schools his smile into a press-ready one, fake but nice enough that nobody will call him out on it. Probably.
He gently distangles them and holds Tony out at arm’s length, giving him a onceover. Rhodey looks pointedly at his stomach and the ever-growing bulge, raising his eyebrows. “What’s this about a baby Stark?”
He cracks his eyelids open slowly, getting them used to the light. The world is quite bright, and it takes nearly half a minute before he can open them all the way. His back aches, his shoulder stump aches, and his head feels fuzzy, like someone’s thumped him on the head with a hammer. Bucky’s also shirtless, and he belatedly realizes that he’s actually a little cold.
Tony falters. “I haven’t really thought that far,” he finally answers. He opens his mouth to say he is going to keep it a surprise, but snaps it shut as a wave of new fear sweeps through him. Yeah, maybe he’s done with surprises. “I’ll find out in three weeks,” he says instead.
Steve grumbles and makes no move to get up, so Bucky arranges him for himself, propping the other man against the headboard. Steve thunks his head back against it and stares, dead-eyed, at the ceiling. He looks like a bomb could go off in the room over and he wouldn’t care. Bucky hates seeing him like this, but he knows there’s not much he can do beyond trying to make sure he doesn’t spiral.
“What are we supposed to do now?” Bucky asks, and he’s speaking as much to himself as he is the other two.
“Too right it was,” Tony crows. He flies down to the glass covering and pries it from the metal shell of the robot, freeing the girl inside. His faceplate goes up, and he looks over to the police, who have caught up with them, clearly at a loss for what to do.
“There’s nothing to say,” Steve says through gritted teeth, and Rhodey forces himself to take a few breaths, calming himself.
His legs are only aching slightly, even with the combined weight of Tony and himself, as Tony’s completely leaning on him, and he sends a quick prayer of gratitude to Dr. Erskine up in heaven, thankful for the serum. If he hadn’t had it, he imagines he would’ve collapsed long before now, much less fallen asleep
They must have walked a mile and a half before Steve ducks into an alley and stops before a worn looking door with a rusty handle. He tucks the food bag under his arm and fishes, single-handedly, through his pockets for a key that he takes out and shakes a bit to untangle it from a loose thread in his shirt.
“What do you mean?” Tony asks, and pulls away to look at him with a confused expression. “I mean sure, you kind of went all ‘unneeded PSA’ on me, but you didn’t break anything or break up with me, so…”
Bucky clenches his jaw. “Afterwards,” he promises, “but I want to show you something first. I know you feel like you don’t want to do anything, but I need you to come with me.”
Bucky sighs. “Do you want me to go?” he asks, knowing he’s backing himself into an impossible corner if this backfires on him.
Bruce smiles faintly at him and pulls a face when Clint drops his towel right in front of him, grabbing the clothes from his grasp and pulling them on.
side of the story?” Rhodey asks, and watches as Steve shivers bodily, before fixing his eyes to Rhodey’s temple, almost but not quite meeting his eyes, a tiny detail that does not escape Rhodey’s notice.
Steve’s legs give out on him and he collapses to the floor, clutching at Bucky desperately. His face is screwed up and red, he’s crying so hard, and his body is weak and limp. Bucky drops down with him and wraps his arms desperately around Steve, trying to gather him up through the haze of his own grief.
Tony just snorts and rolls his eyes. “Half a year of fucking another super soldier has robbed me of any chance to feel intimidated by your muscles,” he says drily. “Put them away.”
Sam comes out first looking exhausted, but still grinning at the rest of the team. Bucky follows hesitantly, eyes just as haunted as they were the last time Tony saw him. Still, he looks marginally better, and he’s regained a little color.
He’s not completely sure, but he thinks he and Steve used to see them before and during the war, luxury cars that had a price tag higher than Bucky could count. Steve and him would always point out the rarely seen cars when they did catch a glimpse, nudging each other and grinning.
Regardless of what is happening, however, there still begs the question, will Tony and Steve be good together, anyway? Bucky has only been gone for three days and already they’re at each other’s throats, falling right back on where they were at the beginning.
last last thing I promise: come join me on Tumblr! My user is 21greendragons and uh I post about fanfiction and stuff. also a stuckony bingo will be going out soon. okay thanks bye!
Bucky believes him, and his heart nearly shatters. He believes him, and that’s the worst part. He knows if he leaves Steve, he’ll actually do something. He’ll kill himself, or hurt himself, and God, it’s
“You know,” Tony says, and hooks a finger under Bucky’s chin. “I can think of several things you can help me with.”
Tony holds his gaze. He believes him. Once, Steve’s word wasn’t enough. But now? After all that’s happened? It’s everything.
Steve seems a little tense and isn’t looking at him. Which is fine. Tony is currently having a malfunction somewhere in his brain that is making his gaze fix on him, and refuse to move. He clenches jaw and tears his eyes away, staring resolutely at the opposite wall as if that could help anything.
The team finds him like that, talking giant metal suits with a teenage girl, his free hand gesturing madly as he explains how to make the robot’s movement smoother.
Bruce nods. “Just a shirt and sweats, but I figured something like this would happen. No underwear, though. Sorry about that.”
He scrambles to come up with something to say, anything to cover the tidal wave of emotion threatening to burst out from his chest, to compose his facial expression, but he must have missed it by a mile based on the way Tony’s own face scrunches up in regret. It’s almost from another room that Bucky hears himself say, “It’s Steve’s though.”
“They’re, uh…” Tony coughs, and looks down at his feet, desperately trying to compose his smile before looking up again. Bucky stomps on Tony’s foot subtly, clearly trying to hide laughter of his own, and Tony hisses, but it works. He’s able to look back up at Thor with nothing but an earnest expression covering his face. Or so he hopes.
From where he’s sitting, Bucky can see that it’s a diagram of his arm, laid out in painstaking detail with arrows and calculations and jotted down words. The whole thing seems chaotic and unorganized to him, but it makes perfect sense to Tony, whose intelligent eyes skim over it thoughtfully, adjusting margins and writing down new things with his finger.
Bucky only grins back and shakes his head. He can tell they’re wading into somewhat dangerous territory here, but for the life of him he can’t stop. “How would you like me?”
Steve refuses to speak to him after they fuck for the first week, barely managing to talk to him in missions, no matter how civil. In the three weeks that follow, he relaxes somewhat, and they’re now on more friendly terms than they had been before.
, and tells her he doesn’t have any money. She waves his statement away and walks away, returning with a cup of water, leading him to a table to sit.
Bucky had looked at him confusedly, before his eyes widened. “You’ve never…?” he made a gesture with his right hand, a sort of loosely closed fist that he yanked up and down. Steve supposed it looked a little obscene, though he couldn’t quite place why.
He remembers being sickly and weak, coughing up phlegm into loose sheafs of toilet paper, getting VapoRub rubbed onto his chest and back by his mother or Bucky, the yellow tea that tasted like rotten cabbage but did wonders for his deteriorating immune system.
Steve’s looking at him, unimpressed, and Bucky fights the urge to flinch. The answer might be believable to Tony, who’s never had to pick splinters out of Bucky’s hand when he was kid while Bucky muffled his tears in his shoulder, but to Steve? Forget it.
This morning, he decides that he’s going to go after the Soldier himself. The Avengers are out on a mission and for the first time in two weeks, he hasn’t thrown up in the morning. The faint feeling of nausea is with him, but he doesn’t feel the active need to throw up. He must be particularly lucky that day.
“Buck?” Steve had whispered again, eyes glued to Bucky’s dick in horror which was swollen to larger size than normal and looked unusually stiff. “What are you
. One hand finally settles on the small of his back, stabling Tony as the other curls around his head. The second hand completely covers the nape of Tony’s neck, cradling his head gently, and Tony tilts his head back, panting slightly, giving Steve access to his neck.
Tony likes her very much, and she’s a huge part of the reason his functionality was restored after Afghanistan. Something has clearly happened between Bucky and Steve, something that was likely long-time coming,and a traditional doctor won’t be able to fix all the bruising.
Tony hisses when Bucky finally wraps his hand around his flesh, and Bucky lets go of him as if burnt, looking up at him with questioning and slightly alarmed eyes. “Alright?” he asks, almost uncertainly, already pulling away.
“Qua-cakers?” the young woman asks, tucking the linens she’d been carrying under one arm and delicately holding the fabric of her robes as she leans over the god’s shoulder.
“You knew they were gone, but I was here,” Tony says, wondering if he got slipped something, and that’s why he threw up.
Bucky hums in agreement, and runs his hands up and down Tony’s back. “You’re good at that,” he murmurs, and Tony laughs a little again, pulling away to look into the other man’s eyes.
Bucky tucks his hands in his pockets, shivering a little, but not much. The cold doesn’t really bother him anymore. He doesn’t have a hat this time, but his hair, now longer than it ever has been, sweeps over his shoulder and catches on his ears, hiding his jaw from view.
No amount of pleading or force from the others would probably ever be able to drag him up from the bottom of a bottle, that’s for sure.
last thing, I've almost completely lost track at this point, but lets pretend Tony's 29 weeks, or almost seven months, along. I smell a baby within in the next, oh, four chapters, or so? (hopefully two but I'm giving myself breathing room)
“How’s the baby doing?” Bucky asks conversationally, and Tony grimaces, holding up the hot pack he had pressed to his hip.
Steve meets Bucky’s eyes, amusement dancing in them. “What can I do for you, Sergeant Barnes?” he asks cheekily, and Bucky barely manages to clamp down on his own grin.
Then there’s the scent of spicy cologne at his left shoulder, and Tony’s head is there, a mess of black curls settling in the place where Bucky’s shoulder curves into Steve’s chest. He sighs happily, and Bucky awkwardly removes an arm to hug him, too, mindful of the baby bump Tony’s keeping facing away from them.
and the leftover pleasure he’d been forced to stop receiving. His sheets were thrown to the side carelessly, shirt rucked up above his abs that were, quite frankly, impressive for a boy his age, and pants yanked down to his thighs. One hand was frozen near his stomach, and the other was wrapped around…
this is a mess. it's very rushed, so super poorly written, but hopefully next week's will be better? I have no fucking idea on where to go at this point. I'm killing time until he's nine months ;)))))
“Oh, yeah! I nearly forgot! I’m decorating a nursery with the rest of the team, but it’s mostly Thor and Natasha, I’m pretty sure Bruce just sits in the corner and drinks tea while he reads…” Tony sets the glass down, and gestures wildly with his hands. “Thor said he was going to get a bunch of stuffed animals, you know, and we said no bigger than his hand, but that’s, like, bigger than my head, let’s be honest, and to be honest, I’m a little excited about what he’s going to bring home, because a Norse god choosing what animals are the best? I mean, that’s got to be interesting…”
“So serious,” Tony responds, and gestures to the floor more meaningfully until Bucky sighs and goes over, sitting down and pressing back into the couch cushion, settling himself between Tony’s legs.
And yet, from their few interactions so far, Tony didn’t see how any of this could be true. Power seemed to radiate from the man, but it was soft, too. Like his power was for protecting and leading, not the ruthless killer instincts they’d made him out to have. And as for his alleged “sidekicking”, Tony knew that Bucky wasn’t just a mindless sheep that tagged along with Steve wherever he went. He was his own person, and a damned good one at that.
“Fuck, I think you broke me,” Bucky groans, and drags himself to go sit at the headboard. At Steve’s questioning glance, he continues: “I can usually go a few rounds,” he says, and winks.
Nat, sweet beautiful Nat, finds him like this, twenty minutes later, and gently pries his fingers from where they’d sunk into his hair, pulling him close against her lithe body. She gently pets his hair as he turns his head and sobs into her stomach, murmuring to him in Russian.
Tony does want one. He shares a mutual love of buttery pastries with Clint, and it’s with a warm kind of happiness that he accepts it and flips his faceplate down.
“Wonderful, JARVIS,” Tony says absently, already pulling up glowing screens that seem to float in the air transparently, his fingers flying across them. Bucky has no idea what they are, but he’s seen Tony use them a few times and is desperate to try. Unfortunately, now doesn’t seem the time.
“Oh my…” comes a soft voice behind Tony and the man whirls around, a hand protectively on his stomach. Luckily, it’s just Bruce, carrying his medical bag and taking several deep breaths.
“I wanted to start by apologizing,” Bucky says softly. “I shouldn’t have torn your drawing – hell, I shouldn’t have opened the damn sketchbook in the first place – and I’m sorry.”
, and you’re just okay with that?” Rhodey shakes his head. “A stretch, even for you, Tony,” he says, and Tony’s shocked into silence.
“I’m a fairy,” Bucky had answered miserably, still refusing to make eye contact. “A poofter, a pansy.”
There are several holes in the wall, half-dried blood decorating their jagged edges, and Tony slowly pieces the scene together until he thinks he might throw up, too.
He doesn’t say anything, just sits in a chair and stares up the ceiling. He’s pissed, the two men can tell that much, but they’re afraid of asking him, too wrapped up in their own mental health.
“Start what?” Bucky asks dumbly, his head suddenly flooded with memories of himself swallowing his screams as Sarah Rogers washed out his scraped knee with alcohol, shutting his eyes as tight as they could go when getting shots at the doctor’s, stifling his cries when he sprained his wrist falling down the stairs…
Steve throws his hands up in the air in defeat and snatches up his shield where it’s lying against the wall. “This is going to change, Stark,” he says. “Make all the dirty jokes you want, but people were hurt and one of my team members didn’t do anything about it. That’s not going to fly.” He turns on his heel and leaves, shouldering his shield.
A much gruffer voice, belonging to the driver, calls back that Bucky is pressed up against the divider, and knocked out cold. The other man laughs, and Bucky breathes a sigh of relief when the driver steps out of the car too, the van creaking and then letting up as he exits.
But, surely, this is what Bucky would have wanted? He already has the both of them, what would be better than Tony and Steve getting together too? Maybe it’s unfortunate that the circumstances had to arise like this, but Tony refuses to entertain the idea that Bucky isn’t going to come back. It’s out of the question.
Steve takes a deep breath, and locks eyes with Tony, his eyes taking on the resigned look of a man going to war, unsure of whether he’ll come back. “It was too much,” he whispers, and flexes his wrists on the table, twining his fingers together.
Sure, the memory’s slightly sour from the fact that he left not ten minutes later, but for a brief moment, just a couple of minutes, really, Tony had seen Bucky’s true nature, however hard the man tried to hide it.
Steve’s laughing as he easily bats the pillow away and grabs another to swat Bucky with. He winks and says: “Only with you, darlin’.” His accent is pure Brooklyn, and Bucky feels goosebumps on his arms erupt from the sheer familiarity of it. God, but he hasn’t realized how much he missed the simple drawl until he didn’t hear it anymore.
Thor nods, and this time Tony can’t help the bubble of laughter. “Thank you, they’re wonderful. I’m sure she’ll enjoy them.”
He shakes his head and looks over at Tony, who still hasn’t noticed him. Which, as far as he’s concerned, is fine. He wanders over to a table in the middle, noting the lamp that Tony forgot to turn off, and the papers strewn across it. White and black pens are messily arranged in unwashed coffee mugs and countless blunt pencils litter the sketches on the table.
go back to the squiggly octopus tentacles of darkness creeping over his vision as the light leaves him and he sinks into cold, freezing…
He likes old-fashioned names like Beth, Adaline, and Ren, but can’t help but feel a little like it’s another form of pining for Steve. Once that thought creeps into his head, as it inevitably does every time, he shuts down his computer with a sigh and goes to do another activity.
Everything seems like it’s evening out back into a place where Tony doesn’t feel the need to hide in his workshop for hours on end, until another character begins popping up. The Winter Soldier’s been spotted several times now and seems hellbent on Steve, for whatever reason. They haven’t gotten a close-up of his face yet and, like the rest of them, they just assume the Winter Soldier is just another Russian soldier Hydra managed to brainwash.
there’s the prickling warm sensation of tears behind his eyes, his face growing hot with it, and he just wants Steve and Tony to be with him
He pulls a pen over to him and reads over the first contract, already bored. He’s just gotten to signing it, however, when there’s rapping noise on the glass wall across from him. He looks up, and his heart nearly stops.
Steve beams at that, and starts walking off. “You coming with?” he calls over his shoulder, and Bucky can’t help but grin down at himself, because this is the Steve Rogers he’s starting to remember.
The Soldier tucks away the gun he had in the folds of his coat and goes over, waiting a moment before awkwardly placing a hand on his shoulder blades.
He lurches away from her and backs away slowly, panic clear in his eyes. She watches him go, face unreadable, and doesn’t go after him. He’s grateful; this is something he needs to take care of himself.
Steve looks away to the window, eyes thoughtful. “I don’t know,” he says quietly. Bucky doesn’t push, because he can see it in Steve’s eyes: He really doesn’t know.
“Good morning, Tony,” he responds, and sits down at the counter, leaving a stool between him and Tony.
“Oh, you know, the usual. The board’s driving me crazy, and our stocks are rising and falling with the tide, it seems, but we’re doing fine.”
He beats the familiar path down to his workshop at a dead sprint, barely managing to gasp out a “JARVIS, lockdown,” before collapsing to the floor and curling into the tightest ball he can.
“I just… I don’t know what I was thinking. I’ve just spent so long trying to get over what happened, get over
He retches again and grabs the sides, miserable. A small hand is suddenly on his back, rubbing gently, and Tony looks up to see Natasha looking at him concernedly.
Directly in front of his nose, several feet away on a drafting table, is his metal arm. It glints a little in the blue lighting of the workshop, and it takes a minute for him to realize the edge of it is shiny with blood. There’s also a pool of yellowish liquid surrounding the stump, flowing sluggishly from the arm.
Tony reaches a hand up to his stomach, suddenly self-conscious. “I–that’s alright, really, I don’t want to make you uncomfortable.” He doesn’t want Bucky to see his scars.
Bucky nods easily as if that was what he was expecting him to say. He ushers Tony to the couch and lays down, caging Tony in his arms when he squeezes in next to him. He carefully avoids touching the baby bump, unsure of how Tony would take to that.
Tony smiles and turns his head kissing the side of Bucky’s neck. “I love you, too. Now get, or I’ll think you don’t like it and give it to Clint.”
Bucky’s temper, which has been simmering since Steve had handed him that stupid fucking tea, suddenly flares up, and he can’t see for the rage clouding his vision.
“He – he punched a wall, and then slammed his head into it,” Bucky says, his eyes filling up with tears. Tony takes a deep breath and tries not to imagine it, tries not to imagine all the power Steve possesses in his body turning into a way to hurt himself. Too late, his mind fills with images of Steve punching the wall, probably screaming, then rearing back and slamming his head–
If he didn’t think that the other Avengers were actually children before, this definitely confirms it. If he ignores the STD poster he can almost imagine he’s in a pediatrics ward, about to be examined for the GI Joe arm he got stuck up his nose or something.
So, escape. If he piles the boxes haphazardly in front of the little window, he can make it look like the van tumbled and blocked it. They probably won’t think much of it. Or will they? Bucky tries to lean forward to inspect the cardboard boxes and immediately starts listing to the side. He hits the van floor with a dull thump, and he can’t stop the quiet groan that escapes through his lips for that.
There’s Tony in the Iron Man suit with the faceplate down as he smiles disarmingly at someone, Tony in a proper fabric suit arguing with a few other men in his workshop, Tony looking absolutely
The mobile has been assembled by now, nine tiny planets hanging limply next to a sun in the middle. Bucky had asked, before, why there were nine. He’d been doing some basic catch-up, and apparently nowadays, Pluto wasn’t considered a planet. Tony explained that yes, technically Pluto wasn’t included as a planet anymore, but he loved the little celestial body too much to
Steve forced himself to believe it, to shut out the Tony he saw in his peripheral vision, only see the one he was forcing himself to see. He’d thought he had it, he’d thought he’d finally done it and reduced Tony to an ugly person in his mind, but obviously not, because the next thing Steve knew, he was pounding Tony into the wall.
The other is of the two of them again, Tony in the background, slumped over several open textbooks and diagrams, fast asleep, while Rhodey mugs for the camera. It’s a selfie Rhodey teased Tony with for several weeks, and he’s shocked Tony bothered to frame it.
“Yeah, of course, although you’ve already been there…” Tony trails off and decides not to look a gift horse in the mouth. He shuts up and leads the way to his workshop, ignoring the stunned faces around him.
He spies the guy they’re trying to take down… no, scratch that. It’s a girl, and she isn’t mutated, or magical, or even clad in a silly costume like most of the “villains” they fight, as far as Tony can see. Instead, her torso and head are just visible in the glass cockpit of a huge metal robot crashing down the highway, cars veering out of the way of the clunky feet with awful screeches of their brakes.
Bucky nods. He takes in the rest of the room, the crib in the corner, the rocking chair by the door, disassembled pieces of a mobile scattered on the floor by the far wall. A purple stuffed platypus sits happily on the rocking chair, and next to it is…
She returns soon with the food, and he scarfs it down like he’s never eaten anything before, just cramming it into his mouth as fast as possible. The woman brings a man to him from the back about halfway through his meal, chattering to him in spanish, and the man sits across from Bucky.
“There were little vials of poison in the arm up near your shoulder, and some of it was released into the arm to mess up the few nerve receptors you have, but most of it was deposited into the bloodstream at your shoulder. Enough poison to kill me in a few minutes,” he adds as an afterthought, as if what he’s just said is not going to fuel Bucky’s nightmares for a week.
Clint had asked him, somewhat shyly, if he’d like to run a training simulation with him and Bucky, heart leaping at the request, had said yes, excited for an opportunity to connect with someone on the team that wasn’t his best friend or his boyfriend. Also, Clint seemed like the best option. Becoming friends with a scary russian spy who gave him the jeepers and was entirely too dangerous for his liking and a man with the potential to become a giant green rage monster was simply a little too much for him.
Please comment! I love replying and seeing what all y'all think. Also, some of you need to chill a little. I know we all have a love-hate relationship with Steve, but he's doing his best, he really is.
Bucky might not have all his memories of the thirties and forties, but Steve sure as hell does. He remembers every last minute of everything whether he wanted to or not, thanks to the serum improving his memory.
Tony clears his throat and sits a little straighter, setting his jaw for what he’s about to say. “Steve, I think some other things are in order to be said, starting with what I have to say. I understand a lot more now, and I’m so sorry that I contributed, but I can’t just let it go that I’m pregnant with your child. I can’t, Steve. I can’t just completely sweep it under the rug and forgive you, start a friendship, maybe, and just forget about the fact that my daughter is a direct result of both our mistakes. But you know, honestly? I’m looking forward to having a little girl now. I hate how it happened, but also, you’re the one I have to thank for the amazing daughter I’m going to have, so I simply can’t hate you for it. She was, ah, part of the reason I was able to push away from you.
Tony looks at him with something akin to the morbid curiosity that one watches a car accident with. “Why didn’t you
“Fuckin’ hot in there,” Tony hears Clint complain while he undresses, completely shameless in front of his teammates. Tony notices that Steve has his head turned firmly away, a light blush sweeping the back of his neck, and smiles a little to himself. No matter how comfortable the rest of the team gets around their Captain, it’s never quite returned.
“Ain’t that neat,” Bucky says, accepting the pad of paper and pen. “Can I rig it like you did your rocking chair?”
Bucky can’t breathe, and Steve probably can’t either, but dammit, oxygen is overrated anyway. They gasp into each other’s mouths until Steve suddenly rolls his hips, nearly bucking James off with the force of the motion. Bucky just moans and grinds down even further before leaning down to continue making out with Steve.
He hears the one outside calling to the driver, telling him to check on Bucky to make sure he hasn’t gone anywhere. The sound of someone twisting in their seat and looking behind them can be heard, and Bucky keeps absolutely still. He doesn’t breathe.
He makes a beeline for the bed and pulls away the covers before flopping facedown, immediately feeling the frustrated tears build up behind his eyelashes. He breathes in deeply, hoping for the scent of Steve to be found in the sheets, but all he can smell is the scent of laundry detergent. At this, another sob wracks through his body, and he muffles it with the pillow, wishing more than anything else in the world that Steve was there in the bed with him, keeping him close and warm.
“I’d pay you back,” Bucky hastens to add, thinking of the hundreds of thousands of dollars he has sitting in his back account, both from army back pay and Shield.
Steve’s mother used to put a small pillow filled with dried sprigs of the stuff on Steve’s forehead when he was sick, Bucky remembers. He also remembers how’d he sit at his best friend’s bedside and rub his hand or fluff his pillows, and complain about the stench of Vicks VapoRub, tea, and, of course, lavender. When he did that, Steve would usually swat at him weakly, and tell him he’d feel bad about it if he died.
Bucky’s been relocated to another floor, he remembers Bruce telling him, so that he and Steve can have some semblance of space between them. He walks there a little nervously, clenching and unclenching his jaw periodically, until he gets to the floor and finds Bucky leaning against the elevator.
Tony smiles a little. “There’s not much I can do at this point, so.” His easy grin slips a little. “I mostly just want to get this fucking pregnancy over,” he tells Rhodey honestly, his smile returning as the other man laughs. “My back hurts like a bitch.”
“Yes,” Bucky responds, almost sadly. “Don’t lie to me, Steve. I know what you look like when you’re in love.”
, but he slams his mouth closed. This is something Bucky was excited for, and something that Tony had literally asked for his consultation on.
“Why.” It’s not phrased as a question, but Tony can hear it anyway. He wants to know why he would ever want to talk to Tony.
He remembers the blinding agony of the serum tearing apart his frail body and making it new, of seeing Bucky for the first time after, taking in the widened eyes and dart of his tongue licking over his lips. Steve had fucked Bucky against a wall that night.
I know a lot of you are ready for the angst to be over, and IT NEARLY IS I PROMISE. Thank for being patient <3
too short (this is getting ridiculous, really, he should just go out naked and see how people react then), he goes to the bathroom to take a piss and brush his teeth, before taking a swig of water from the tap in his cupped palm and leaving the room.
“Dammit, Tony, this isn’t supposed to be hard.” Steve sounds tired as he rubs the bridge of his nose.
“She did a good job,” he mutters, and Bucky can’t stop himself from blurting out, “you think you could have done better?”
“Bucky?” comes a tentative voice from behind him, and Bucky startles, jerking himself up until he’s standing, his left shoulder stump moving forwards in front of his body instinctively as if he still had his metal arm. His right arm reaches for a gun that isn’t there and grabs the nearest sharp object, which happens to be a screwdriver. It hurts like a bitch, and he clenches his jaw as the cut on his back and shoulder is pulled, sending ribbons of agony down his spine.
He’s still spitballing ideas though, and Tony needs him to stop. Like, now. “Steve,” he snaps, the change of name from last to first going unnoticed by both men, “the only thing I can do right now is try to find some sort of footage. We’ve already looked in all the places he could have been, and no one’s seen him. And, to be honest, who’s going to remember him? You’ve seen how he leaves the Tower.” Tony sighs and rubs the bridge of his nose. “I’ve already alerted Fury, I’ve filed for a missing person’s report, I’ve tried accessing everything I possibly could in his arm, I’ve tried… so much fucking more that I know would go right over your head, frankly, so all I’m asking for is a little patience, alright? I want him back just as much as you do, and believe me, I’m
Tony takes one last breath. Okay, this is it. “I’d also like to apologize for dating Bucky once you found him.” Out of the corner of his eye he can see a wounded expression crossing Bucky’s face and he hurries to explain. “I really shouldn’t have, not when you’d just found him, but I just was hurt and pregnant and
Tony has a new goal, and he’s already diving in. He doesn’t have much choice, after all. Yesterday, they got a message from Sam, who sounded exhausted, saying that they had found the Winter Soldier and were going to bring him back to the Tower in three weeks. Three weeks meant Tony would be more visible, and it would be more difficult to conceal the bump. Three weeks meant he would know the gender, and the thought that there was a tiny human in him would be more tangible than ever.
Tony hums and crosses the room to open the doors for himself, giving the contents a quick sweep before forcing them as far closed as he can. “You’re in luck, Barnes,” he says, and Bucky smiles a little. “There are no lemons, and you look like you need some fresh air. What do you say about a walk?”
He’s feeling much better now and contemplates whether the consequences are worth it if he goes and joins the fight. It sounds like it’s going to take the whole day, and Tony wonders what exactly they’re doing. He thinks about asking JARVIS to pull up feeds but decides against it, not wanting to see the rest of his team out there without him.
“Okay,” he whispers, and lets himself lean onto Bucky’s shoulder, securing himself in the warmth there.
Another light switch reveals an alcove in the corner of the room neither Bucky or Steve have seen before. It’s a small table tucked near the wall, and there’s a light fixture hanging high above it. Next to it is a hot water machine and a cardboard box full of packets.
This particular morning, Steve and Bucky are having pancakes with condensed milk, a surprisingly good combination. Bucky reaches for the little cup with his left hand without thinking about it, flinching violently when it puts too much strain on his shoulder and sends a twinge of pain that reaches up to his collarbone.
cruel, that he had let his anger get the best of him, that was just… embarrassing, and it made Bucky a little nauseous to think about.
Tony smiles slightly at him and takes pity. “Hey, Barnes, it’s fine. Look, I get it. Just because I’m not in love with him–”
They sit in silence for a few minutes, letting JARVIS do his magic, and Tony’s eyes keep flicking to his, as if he wants to say something, but can’t quite bring himself to. Bucky grows extremely curious, but manages not to say anything, figuring that pushing him isn’t going to do anything.
“Are you Tony Stark?” he asks in a deep rumble, and Tony turns towards him, struggling to regain his composure.
Dr Matty was already given all the information on the serum and Bucky’s unique situation with the whole brainwash thing, and she asks some questions that she wouldn’t ask a normal person with IED.
“The soldier’s been spotted,” Tony tells him, then curses as a robot goes flying above his head, impaled by one of Clint’s arrows. “Damnit, Legolas! No food fights!” he yells at Hawkeye, who grins back waspishly. Clint gestures towards his ear and… oh, great. He lost his comm again.
Steve narrows his eyes but doesn’t deny it. “Exactly what memory are we talking about?” he asks, and Bucky can’t help but notice that there’s no “Buck” tacked onto the end of it.
Someone snorts behind them, and Tony lazily looks back, grinning widely when he sees Bucky. “Bucky,” he says, and motions to the floor in front of his couch.
Occasionally, when his defenses are low and his mind is too tired to try and regulate his notions, Tony's thoughts will drift to a specific scene, one that makes his heart flutter and stomach drop in the most pleasant way, and the corners of his mouth curve up in a grin.
“Why would I be here often?” Steve asks with a cocked eyebrow, and it’s not a genuine question. He’s mocking him.
Bucky shrugs, finding himself searching for something to talk about. He juts his chin in the direction of his arm on the table. “What happened with that?”
“So that’s a new development, I guess,” Clint says instead of whatever he was going to say previously.
Steve’s fists are clenching at his sides, and Tony knows that fighting is the last thing either of them need right now. Still, there’s some sick, twisted part of Tony’s mind that is leaping at the chance to rile Steve up, to make him react this way. He knows it’s wrong and he really, really shouldn’t, but it’s been so long since he properly got a rise out of someone. Bucky and his pregnancy have made him go soft.
Bucky got that now, he got what he hadn’t then. He scrubs a hand over his face. God, he had been such an ass.
At the moment he can’t even muster any anger for Steve, because it wasn’t his fault. How was he supposed to know he was impregnating Tony? He knows he should be furious that he kept the information that he was pregnant from him, knows that the reason he did was that he didn’t want to have to accept any responsibility with the child. Tony knows that.
He startles when the hand is removed, then widens his eyes when warm, wet heat replaces the cool slide of metal, enveloping his cock. “Bucky,” he chokes out at the sight that greets him when he looks down and grips the edge of the table with a white-knuckled hand, steadying himself against a new wave of pleasure.
All he can do is keep thrusting, over and over into the warm, pliant body in front of him, going faster and faster and sinking deeper and deeper in each time, even as fingernails begin scratching at his back, likely leaving long pink trails that will be healed within the hour. He can hear Tony getting louder, and it only serves to make him go faster, because dammit, this is so wrong.
Bucky nods and follows Tony back over to the car, where the hood is still up. “We used to see these sometimes,” he says, then: “Cadillacs,” as if Tony needed clarification on what he meant.
but translated to Russian. He’d asked Natasha, albeit a bit shyly, what she recommended to do to distinguish the Russian and American sides of his brain and personality a little more. She’d suggested reading American books in Russian, explaining that what was helping her was using combining the two instead of trying to separate them. She’d also said that small exposure to similar topics of what he’d gone through, in this case: brainwash, would be a good way to slowly tear down that fear a little. Hence, he had a list of books ready, all in Russian, to try out.
Bucky considers just not saying anything, but the psychologist Tony called for them, Dr Matty, is nice enough and very understanding. She tells him that he has Intermittent Explosive Disorder, a disorder he most likely got from his decades as the Winter Soldier, and one that causes him to have extreme temper flashes, where he erupts into explosive tantrums.
you can do?” Steve asks desperately, and Tony shakes his head, dragging his hands through his hair in frustration.
Steve’s looking at him again, eyes narrowed, almost as if he was searching for something. He doesn’t say anything, and Bucky grows confused and a little desperate. “Shit. Sorry, I didn’t mean to say that, I just thought you knew–”
Tony smiles a little. “I don’t either, truthfully, but maybe this is something to discuss without Cap breathing down our necks.”
It had been so fucking easy to just walk away from a withdrawing Tony, so fucking easy to hide under the guise of needing to find Bucky, so
. A small hole in his heart he didn’t know he had slowly stitched back up, and he ginned helplessly into the air, listening to her ramble on, asking how he’s doing and congratulating him.
Bruce winces. “I hate to be the bringer of bad news, but decontamination showers are probably our best bet.”
As Tony orders Jarvis to open the door and makes a beeline for Steve’s room, one thing’s for certain: while Tony isn’t sure whether they’ll pull it together, he’s starting to think that for Bucky, Steve, and his daughter’s sake (and maybe for Tony’s, too), they’re going to have to try.
He reaches what he thinks is the last picture, one of Bucky’s back as he walks away from Steve, going back to the war and
They go to get sandwiches, the Soldier hanging back around in the shadows of the alley behind the building while Tony goes inside.
Bucky dives forward and kisses him roughly, making quick work of straddling him. Steve’s grunts as his hands fall automatically to the other man’s hips, but kisses back.
Steve scrubs a hand over his face. “I know you’ve been throwing up every morning for two weeks, Tony.”
TW: mentions of suicidal attempts, self-harm, flashbacks, mental disorders, hitting (physical abuse), strong language, and probably more along this vein.
*coughs awkwardly* so that happened. I, uh, hope you guys liked it, and if you leave comments or kudos I'll love you forever <3
Even without his metal arm, his real arm is still chock full of Hydra's bastardized version of the serum, and packs a hell of a punch. He wedges the end of the stiletto underneath the crack where the glass meets the metal and presses down on the rest of the shoe until he hears a crack and a fissure appears in the bottom of the window. Bucky grins to himself. Give him two minutes and he’ll be able to make the whole thing shatter.
God, how he hated Tony Stark. The man was uptight, a righteous asshole, a swanky rich kid who thought he was better than everybody else because he was a genius. He was just a man in a suit of armor, take away that, what was he really? Just an emotionally repressed man with no filter. How arrogant. How rude. What a pathetic excuse of a person. Steve knew dozens of men worth ten of him, hundreds of men he would call a hero sooner than the man before him.
He’s still wearing the hoodie he went out with and he uses his right arm to carefully tuck his left sleeve into his kangaroo pouch, knowing full well that a second glance would immediately reveal the illusion of still having an arm there, but not really giving a shit.
on the head before setting it aside. “Hit me with the next one. Not Tank, though, I already saw him.”
Here in the garden, the faint scent of lavender filling his nose and the quieted sounds of the rushing city below, Bucky can remember the crushing relief of finding Steve just as he left him, half-propped on pillows with a cup full of of yellow tea on his side table.
Bucky grunts affirmitably, and Rhodey’s eyes narrow. “Tony, is this man going to be another Steve?” he asks bluntly, and Tony’s fingers tense on Bucky’s head, while Bucky freezes completely, the muscles in his back bunching up as his whole body goes taut.
“Who am I?” he asks, and it’s not cheesy, it’s not corny, it doesn’t sound silly, it’s just… honest. “Who do you think I am?” he asks, voice uncharacteristically quiet.
Tony reminded him of Bucky so much it was painful, and Steve couldn’t stop himself from seeing his former lover in Tony, and it
“She is,” Tony whispers back, and he’s smiling softly at the picture, and all of the sudden Bucky’s heart starts pounding, with something akin to affection. It scares him a little, and he doesn’t know what to make the nervous energy rising within him into, doesn’t know whether he should bottle it up, do something about it, or try to forget it.
Once they’re both situated, Tony still tense and uptight in the warm arms around him, Bucky tucks his head in Tony’s neck, and tells him, “Just relax. You ain’t any help to anybody all strung like this.”
His savior to that particular problem is Bruce, who notices the bump and how Tony keeps tugging at and adjusting his shirt. The very next day he gives him a stack of shirts, saying “these are getting a bit too small. Maybe you can donate them?” Tony had accepted the pile with a quick kiss on the cheek for Bruce, before going and changing. The shirts also had the added advantage of smelling familiar and comfortable and being very soft to provide as little irritation as possible for the Other Guy. Sometimes an itchy tag or coarse fabric on top of a bad day can be all it takes.
After he had finished his paperwork he had pulled the blasted thing towards him and was shocked and slightly turned on to find that the Soldier had crushed it in his hand. The grooves where fingers had curled around it weren’t deep enough to be from the metal hand, and Tony was extremely aroused by the thought that it probably hadn’t even taken that much effort.
There is going to be a LONG endnote for this chapter, so either read it or don’t, but hopefully, it’ll address some concerns.
he reminds himself, and then realizes he doesn’t actually care, so he does lean across to steal a bite. Bucky raises his eyebrow, but he doesn’t comment, and Tony smirks, satisfied, before shoving the rest of his breakfast in his mouth and standing.
She seems uncoordinated, and he can clearly spot several points of weakness where one repulsor blast will take the whole thing down, but he has to give her some credit for perseverance. The police vehicles following behind her with their alarms blaring and lights flashing do nothing to change her speed or impede her.
“Uh…” He feels like this is something glaringly obvious, like he should clearly know what these are. They had hair lotions and soaps during the war, he’s almost positive they did, so why can’t he remember them now? He can feel a lump of frustration clawing at his throat and he has half a mind to fling them at the ground and stomp on them until they break, but just before he does he takes a deep breath and stops himself. That won’t help anything, dammit, and he knows this.
There was also the small matter of Tony getting winded just walking up the stairs, so what would likely be a several mile walk? Maybe not the best idea.
“She’s so tiny,” he mumbles, and he doesn’t expect his voice to catch, doesn’t expect it to come out so choked.
The smile is a little too direct and too warm, a little too much attention is paid to detail, and everything about the fucking thing indicates clearly that this is someone the artist has memorized in and out, evey dip, every curve, every bump.
The first week since finding out is hell. Ordinarily, when something like this would happen he would drink himself to the point of unconsciousness, uncaring about the hangover he would likely have the next morning. This time, however, he can do no such thing without risking the health and safety of his baby.
The last thing either of them need is to give explanations right now. Hell, Bucky can’t even explain him and Tony to himself, and he’s in his own head.
“No, no Steve, you’re hurting yourself!” he cries, and leaps over the table, trying to grab his arm and halt the motion. Steve’s fist is already bloody, bits of plaster stuck to the skin and in the cuts that are forming, but Steve keeps pushing it into the wall, again and again, fighting against Bucky’s attempts to halt him.
” Bucky snarls. “You did no such thing. I started it both times, and what happened after the second fight was
To sum it all up, he’s devoid of his first love, his second, and his only daughter. A century old friendship is crumbling around Steve’s shoulders in a storm of dust and smoke, and he’s steadily growing further and further away from his baby’s father and his daughter herself.
, Bucky, and I know you’ve gone on about how at first you thought it was all a dream, that someone would yank you out any minute, and I thought the same thing.”
“Couldn’t take what?” Tony asks gently, understanding that while the information has to be out there, he has to be careful about how he gets it, lest he spook Steve and send him into a panic attack or something.
There’s a blue one for Bucky, and Bucky only. Bucky gazing up at him, Bucky looking off into the distance, Bucky carrying his sniper rifle, Bucky wearing his uniform proudly, Bucky with his eyes closed and mouth slack with pleasure… Steve blushes a bit, but doesn’t close the page, instead letting his eyes linger. He fell in love with Bucky in the forties, probably before. In the quiet of his room it’s all too easy to admit to himself that he never really fell out of it.
“I was harder than I’d ever been in my life,” he continues, seemingly oblivious to the other man’s flinch. “God, when he lifted me up and slammed me into the wall, I could have come right then and there. All that tanned, golden skin, and those goddamn
And of course he did, he knew what pregnancy looked like, even in its earliest stages; his mother was a fucking nurse, for God’s sake. He’d chosen to stay silent, though, and that was his mistake. That was nearly unforgivable.
He can’t stop a small gasp from escaping when a large and calloused hand grabs his jaw and tilts it upwards, forcing Tony to stare helplessly into Steve’s blue eyes as he tilts his head, as if examining him.
with his pupils blown wide and his lips cherry red and glistening with spit. “Wh–” he cuts himself off with a moan as Bucky’s hand finally dives down his very convenient sweatpants to grasp him firmly through his underwear.
Steve keeps his face impassive. “I was your boyfriend first,” he finally says, slowly. “And Tony’s pregnant because of me.”
“What would the Soldier be doing there?” Tony mutters. “You don’t think this has something to do with his weird fixation on you, do you?”
The doctor declares everything fine, and Tony will take the feeling of sheer relief that swept through him to the fucking grave. He doesn’t know what he would have done at this point if everything wasn’t okay and he, God forbid, wouldn’t have been able to have the baby.
sighs Tony inwardly. Of course he had to be in love with two men who were most definitely born before World War II even ended, much too early to understand early 90s pop culture references.
“Haven’t changed then, I see,” she says fondly. “Oh! Make sure you call Rhodey. I’m sure he misses you.”
Tony forces his eyes to stay on Steve’s as the man stalks forward, ignoring the various clamors for his attention from the rest of his team. He gulps as Steve walks closer, eyes firm and hard on Tony’s, as if…
“Steve,” he says firmly. “Look at me.” Steve does, with eyes that look suspiciously glassy. “She’s your daughter too. I know it doesn’t seem that way right now, and I know that you don’t feel like you deserve her with everything between you and Tony, but painting a door in a room for her when she’s not even born yet? There’s nothing wrong with that. It’s the least you can do. I thought you said you wanted to be a part of her life?”
He loses the battle and his eyelids start inching shut, his thoughts growing harder and harder to hold onto…
“I can explain,” he hears himself stammering out, inwardly cringing as it comes out sounding like a pathetic plea instead of a confident statement. He figures he might be able to say something else,
It was just so… complicated, at the moment, and to add Steve like that, add him to a scene where he was Tony’s family, it seems almost unfair to him.
, much less boyfriends… don't you think this is moving a bit fast? Don’t we have other things to talk about?”
The Soldier finally steps out of the shadows, the now familiar gun trained on him. Honestly, this was getting a little old. Something was held in his metal hand, clenched tightly in his fist, and Tony briefly wondered what it was, then figured the Soldier would tell him if he felt he needed to know.
Bucky doesn’t have to ask who “them” is. “What brought them back?” he asks, and he knows the answer even before Tony tries to deflect the question.
Bukcy says all of this in less than twenty words, which is still too many, but the beam Steve gives him in return is well worth the discomfort. He leaves the conversation feeling a little icky and a lot feverish, but he tells himself that if he hides he’ll forget about dinner, and a sad Steve Rogers is the last thing he needs.
Steve’s stomach drops out of his stomach so fast there might as well have been several twenty-pound weights attached to it. “You–”
He’s been trained not to let the pain show, to withstand obscene amounts of it, but this is too much. It’s all-consuming, and as fire takes over his vision he’s convinced for a hysterical second that this is what is going to be that kills him.
“It’s your own goddamn fault!” Bucky shouts. “You shouldn’t think that you have the right to me just because we fucked a little before the war!”
This is one of the worst things that could have ever happened to Steve. He’s fragile, still recovering from keeping his emotions bottled up and not letting them out, and losing one of the people that was the part of the cause for the whole mess in the person….
Only a couple of minutes later, Steve’s eyes were rolling back into his head as Bucky’s hand continued it’s tugging motion wrapped around him, and soon he was giving a hoarse shout, going boneless against the bed.
Silver eyes narrow over the black mask. His metal arm makes an aborted movement upwards as if he was really going to tug down the mask, but in the end, he just turns and sprints away, boots thundering on the pavement.
Bucky can see a little badge sticking up from the open hood, and he squints to try and see what it looks like, before lurching back in surprise. It’s a Cadillac, and the longer he stares at it the more a memory edges closer. He frowns and looks down, trying to tug it out in the open.
It had helped, a little, when he didn’t have any new memories out of the ice, and he treasured each memory from his past, no matter how horrible, but now? Now it was just terrible. Now he had experiences to relate them too, and remembering anything but the happy bits was a chore. Not only that, but Bucky was here, too. He no longer had to spend hours sketching the lines of the man’s face, or the graceful dips of his legs; he had the real one up for viewing any time he liked.
Sharp pressure is put on one of his arms and his thighs, and Bucky screams as the pain in his arm intensifies. It feels like a hot knife is being dug into the flesh of his shoulder, and twisting and twisting and
He kneads Steve more firmly through his underwear –briefs, sweet Jesus– and Bucky can’t tell if it’s the nickname or the manhandling or they way he’s literally tracing the shape of the other man’s cock through his clothing, but Steve throws his head back like he’s riding Bucky and
Tony sits down in the rocking chair, clearly exhausted. Bucky notices that he keeps shifting, and Bucky wonders if his back is hurting. He looks down at his hand, wrapped around the handle of the paint roller, and thinks maybe later he could try to give him a massage, single-handed though it may be.
Something flashes in Steve’s eyes, several things, actually, but once again, the flickers of emotion are too fast for Rhodey to make sense of them. Steve swallows, hard. “What do you want from me?” he finally asks.
“Rhodey,” Tony says, turning his head to meet the other man’s eyes. When he speaks, his voice is sharp and not at all relaxed, not like it was before. “What the fuck.”
Bucky wakes up screaming, back arched off the bed and his toes curling. His vocal cords cut out as soon his eyes snap open, and he sags limply into the sheets, panting heavily. His body is taut with nervous energy, and tears are running freely down his face. He can’t exactly pin down what he was dreaming about, but it doesn’t take a genius to realize it was probably something about the Winter Soldier.
Bucky shakes his head and heaves himself to his feet, leaving the book he’s been reading on the floor.
Tony looks up, startled, and quickly takes in Bucky’s horrified expression. “I’ve been sleeping,” he says, rushing to reassure Bucky. “They weren’t that bad, then. I kind of made myself sleep because I knew it would be good for it.” He clears his throat. “For them.”
Rhodey grimaces as the food in Tony’s mouth is shown, but nods slowly. “‘M just here for the airplanes,” he says, making sure he’s swallowed all of his food before he speaks, unlike some heathens.
“What’s your status, Iron Man?” Steve asks in his ear, and Tony feels a smile tug at the corner of his mouth. Even with gooey robots running around, Steve’s priority is his team.
Seemingly overnight, new clothes appear in Bucky’s wardrobe. Most of his clothes have disappeared; the only piece remaining is his black leather jacket. Now he has stacks of shirts in tasteful colors and another coat, a stormy blue one that probably matches his eyes, a pile of trousers and jeans, a small stack of soft-looking pull-overs, and a pair of comfortable-looking combat boots. He closes his drawer with a snap, feeling overwhelmed.
He answers on the last ring. “Tony! How are you doing? I’m sorry I don’t have long, but do you need something?”
Bucky smiles tightly. “It was.” It was also a mockery of the star on Steve’s shield, meant to cruely show that they now had control of the best friend to the late Captain America (or so they thought). As it turned out, they wouldn’t control Bucky for long, and Steve wasn’t dead, so.
How he’s going to get from Brooklyn to Manhattan is a goddamned mystery, but then again, what isn’t?
Actually, don’t answer that,” Tony says, holding a hand up. “Why were you talking to him in the first place?”
“Tony?” calls an uncertain voice from the bed, and Tony swears quietly, not having meant to wake Steve.
“You looked like you needed a break there,” Bucky says quietly, his eyes are full of light in comparison to the rest of his face, steely blues that pierce Tony’s, but not in a bad way. More like he’s trying to figure him out, like he’s curious. It’s not unlike the look Steve gave him before kissing him.
Bucky never hated Tony’s rambling before, but right now he does, with a burning passion. He hates the obvious insecurity in his eyes, the walls going up and defenses solidifying. “I don’t think it would be a good idea for me to let me go,” he says carefully, and he means it in every sense of the phrase. He hopes Tony catches his double meaning.
“There’s nothing to really miss him from. We were never friends,” Steve mumbles, crossing his arms over his bare chest. “I’ll do it, Bucky, because you’re right, I can do better, but it’s not for him, alright? It’s for her.”
“Of course not, don’t be ridiculous,” Tony snaps back, rolling his eyes. “Put your gun away, Jesus.”
Tony grins. “It’s really hot, and you have to use this soap that burns with these scratchy scrubbers. It’s not fun.”
He even finds a small box with multiple pairs of gloves, and his heart swells with the simple thoughtfulness of such a gift. He tugs on some black ones, hiding his metal arm from prying eyes.
“Okay, so we’re just going to take some more x-rays and check how everything’s doing inside as well as look at the arteries and veins… fuck, I wish Bruce was here but I know you don’t really like him…” Tony keeps a litany of babble as he roots through his cabinets, starting to give JARVIS some instructions. Bucky just watches, amused, and does his best to sit still.
The car door opens, slams, and Bucky can faintly hear the sounds of someone pressing buttons on the gas station behind him. Bucky smiles a little, glad he was right about the placement of the tank.
” he asks instead, and Bucky surprises him by grabbing Tony’s chin and tilting it up forcefully until Tony’s eyes are meeting his. “Nothing. We aren’t going to do a damn thing. I lo–
“Good AI," Tony praises. "Wait, downtown? How many cars are out? What exactly are we dealing with here?”
“I can do that. I can pound you into this wall until you’re screaming, Stark, is that what you really want?”
“Seriously, Tony? Look at the rest of them. A paisley rhino named Tank, a blue and orange octopus named Pebbles, an offensively colored duck named Quacakers, and a yellow and red sloth named
Tony breathes air lightly out his nose and pulls the stack of paper back towards him, picking up his pen. He has every intention of burying himself into his work until he falls asleep on his feet, or he drinks himself into oblivion. He shakes his head. No, nope. Alcohol’s not an option, Stark. Sorry, buddy, try again another day.
goes unspoken, and Steve’s heart clenches. Oh, right. Somehow, he’d nearly forgotten that Bucky and Tony were together, as in dating happily. It’s almost too easy to believe that just then, in his arms, Bucky belonged to him...
He’s lost Bucky, his first love and his soulmate, the first person to make him feel adequate like he was, to make him feel like he didn’t have to reach to have everything he ever needed, because it was all right there.
They–and by they, Bucky means Tony–put them on the same floor, and he appreciates the closeness. Right now, Steve is about the only person he feels safe with besides Tony, and he isn’t sure what he would do without him in this strange new world.
he’s carrying my child? You don’t think I have to live everyday knowing I lost that wonderful man and my
There are exactly three people in his train car; two women and one other man. A young girl and her father are near the doors, the girl swinging back and forth on the bright blue pole, the man grabbing the back of her puffy red jacket to catch her lest the train lurched suddenly. They seem occupied enough, and Bucky’s heart hammers at the thought of trying to talk with the dad, asking to borrow his phone while the little girl just stares. She’s too young to politely look away, and he just doesn’t want the extra gaze on him, he realizes, so they’re out.
for it, but he also felt like extraordinarily good sex at the right time was better than bad sex because one of them felt pressured into it.
He’s standing straighter than ever, all hard muscle and sweeping lines and shadows, and Tony’s hand, for the first time in his life, itches for a pencil and sketchbook. This man deserves to be drawn. As beautiful as that all is, however, Tony can’t stop his eyes from dipping lower to sneak another peek at, Jesus, what must be ten or eleven–
Bucky’s eyes, the color of a storm and normally containing the energy of one, are almost flat. He looks like he hasn’t slept in the entire week they’ve all been split apart, and his pose, although casual-looking, is anything but. His shoulders are hunched in a bit, his jaw set, his hands a little too still. His hair looks like it hasn’t really been washed,
“Beautiful cars,” Tony says lightly, but doesn’t ask further, and Bucky breathes a quiet sigh of relief and appreciation. The man is surprisingly observant, Bucky is starting to realize.
They’re all suspended, and Tony knows that sooner or later they’ll all come crashing down, ending up in one of two ways: either Bucky chooses Tony, or he chooses Steve. There is no alternative to either Steve or Tony getting the boot, and all Tony can do now is pray selfishly that they will fall in his favor.
“Miss you too, and of course. I expect you to be in that hospital room with me in five months, holding my hand as I scream.”
But Bucky? Bucky had known before Tony did, and had accepted it from the very beginning. Tony thinks that there were some instances where the Winter Soldier definitely could have broken through more and used Bucky to attack Tony. After all, what connection did he have to him? They were strangers to each other, and Iron Man was a threat, making Tony one, too. And yet, Winter hadn’t. Probably because of the pregnancy. No matter how much of a monster you were, you had to be a specific kind of evil to attack a pregnant person.
“That man is in love with you, Stevie. You know that?” Bucky knew this was crossing a line and Tony would likely hate him forever for this, but damnit, it was necessary for Steve to hear.
Tony takes a deep breath and suddenly goes limp in Bucky’s arms, and Bucky instinctually tightens his hold on the smaller man.
Bucky feels laughter bubbling up. “I thought you were going to make lemonade or something, not suck the juice out.”
He turns around quickly and arranges some of the boxes in front of the window so they can’t see directly inside, knowing that it wouldn’t fool a fly into thinking the window was still there, but feeling the need to try anyway.
Bucky glowers at him, but can’t stop the small twitch at the corner of his mouth, and the knot of tension in his sternum that suddenly dissipates. Clint’s still talking, presumably saying something about getting back to the tower, or meeting up with Nat or Steve, but Bucky’s vision is blinking out, the darkness in the alley becoming darker, if possible, and suddenly there are large hands on his shoulders, gently holding him up.
He isn’t sure what else to do so he starts the slow process of extracting his arm out from under him, going slowly as not to disturb what seems to be a long cut stemming forward from his shoulder blade to his collarbone. He finally manages it with a grunt, and flops it in front of his sideways body, wiggling his fingers to try and get feeling back into them.
Though not explicitly ordered, Bruce had pulled Steve over to the side once, telling him that it would probably be a bad idea to talk to either Bucky or Tony without all three of them there. “Just clear the air all at once,” he’d said firmly, and Steve had nodded hesitantly, before conceding that he was probably right. Bucky and Tony had likely gotten the same message, given that neither had tried to approach him.
They continue, taking the color idea and running with it. Thor seems excited at the prospect of stuffed animals, and they offer the job to him, limiting him to buying seven, no bigger than his hand, which is already larger than Tony’s head. Thor pouts but accepts their terms with a defeated sigh.
Looking at the arm on the floor, just lying there, clean and silver on the grimy car bottom, Bucky’s eyes start to drift to the window in the divider, and the opaque one across from him, and he has an idea…
Tony gasps, swears a blue streak, and finishes, his eyes shutting tightly as his back arches and he empties his load into Bucky’s sweet sweet mouth, shuddering in pleasure as Bucky just keeps sucking him off through it.
“Why don’t you show me how much?” Bucky asks Tony, his mouth leaking hot breath into the shell of the other man’s ear.
Tony rolls his eyes affectionately. “Just kiss me, Barnes.” And so Bucky leans down and does just that.
“I want to smile more,” Bucky says quietly to Steve. They’re in his room, Steve sitting back against the headboard of his bed and Bucky leaning against the wall on the floor, knees drawn up to his chest.
“No, Steve,” he whispers, and holds back his own tears, looking into Steve’s eyes that have turned wild with his demons. “We need help.”
Tony can hear an odd raspy sound as Bruce clears his throat. “Actually, do one of you mind getting me a sample of that goo? I’d like to take a look at it if you don’t mind.”
Someone snorts, but it’s not Bucky. Tony looks up, expecting to see Clint or maybe even Natasha if she’s having a good morning, but instead he feels himself freeze as he notices Steve in the doorway.
Bucky scowls at the patronising words, but he can see what he’s talking about. The right side is pristine and clear, the white lines of his ribs and the sweeping dip of his clavicle clearly discernible from the rest of the body, and he can even see the faint mass of his lung behind them.
Tony shakes it and appreciates the firm grip before leaning back against the wall, letting the doctor direct him through a basic check-up. He’s peering into Tony’s ears when he asks if there’s anything that’s been going on.
“He went to find the Winter Soldier. And I didn’t get pregnant on a bed with silk sheets and rose petals, Rhodey.”
At the time, he’d dealt with it the only way his new body would let him; physically. Sometimes he still wished he was a skinny teenager in Brooklyn, with dreams even bigger than the bustling city he lived in.
Harsh black lines of charcoal have been drawn over the page, jagged at the edges and chaotic in placement. There’s fuzzy lines of light yellow and white to show the sunlight stabbing through the water, reaching what depths it could, and dark blue, cobalt blue, sky blue, murky blue, navy blue, so. Much. Blue.
Bucky’s nervous, suddenly, and is angry at himself for feeling this way. “Can I talk to you?” he replies, and Steve studies his face for a minute before nodding.
, which Bucky presumes to be the name of the establishment. The little place is bustling with people, most talking in the unfamiliar language.
He remembers Bucky slipping his fingers, literally, their grip loosening further and further until Bucky was plummeting, screaming, to what Steve was sure was his inevitable death.
“I think it’s a definite improvement to the monkey suit he wore in the war,” Bucky rasps, and Tony grins widely. His hair is sticking up, and his smile is manic, but Bucky feels a sense of camaraderie with him, one he doesn’t feel with Sam or even Steve, in a way.
A woman comes out with a tray holding two tortillas piled with meat, cilantro, onion, and avocado, and right next to it is a little array of lemon wedges. Bucky’s mouth waters at the sight, and now that he’s found the lemons, he
They’re having a nice time, working quietly together in the bowels of the Cadillac, before JARVIS gently reminds him of his dinner with Steve.
When the coffee’s made they all sit down, blowing curls of steam lightly off their drinks. The silence hangs over them for a second, before Tony breaks it, having already gulped down his share of coffee, boiling temperature and all.
Bucky nods slowly. “That’s true, but also, I don't really see the point of waiting; Steve and I are getting the help we need, Tony, and if something changes, where we think we won't be able to be in a healthy relationship anymore, we'll let you know. But right now, it might be beneficial to have something to tie us together. Plus," he smirks, "I want my dick sucked. What’s stopping me from dating the both of you?”
“He named the little fucker Napoleon,” Tony says, and despite himself, Bucky can’t help but burst into laughter.
It’s the second week, however, that he finally breaks. This week marks the tenth week of his pregnancy, and something about the number and the fact that it’ll only be half a month before he starts showing gets to him.
Steve looks down at his hands and pushes his palms flat against the table until his hands are white with the pressure, before he sighs. “Bucky found out about when we, you know…” he looks quickly up at them before looking down again. “We got into a fight and Bucky left, and when he came to apologize a little later, I provoked hi–”
“Look, we’ve noticed you like hanging around. This is just to stay connected, just someone to call one if you need anything. That’s kind of all I’m good for.”
He’s pregnant. With Steve’s baby. Fear claws at his throat as he realizes what this means. He’s going to have a child and is going to have to take care of it. Painful memories of Howard mock him, and he curls up tighter with a sob. What he went through as a child should never happen to another. But what if he ends up like him? What if he’s no better?
When he forces himself to come back to the present before something unfortunate happens downstairs, he’s met by the sight of Bucky shaking in silent laughter. “Oh, fuck you,” Tony grumbles. “You can’t just drop that on a guy, Barnes. Warn a bloke.”
“Steve, look at me,” Bucky says, and grabs Steve’s jaw firmly, turning his face until his exhausted eyes meet Bucky’s. “I’m sorry,” he says firmly, and ignores how his voice cracks a little.
“Yeah, just a little cold,” Tony pants. “God, this is pathetic; you haven’t even touched me, Jesus.”
you remember?” Tony asks, and drags his eyes up from the safety of his knees, peeking through his elbows.
Tony looks back at him, an accusing glare on his face. “’M getting too old for this shit,” he mumbles, and Bucky can’t help but laugh.
No, the only thing that changed was in Steve’s own head. Something twisted sharply and fixed itself or maybe tore apart in Steve’s brain, something that made him reel in Tony the first chance he got like a caught fish on a line. He isn’t sure if it’s a good thing or not; all he knows is he couldn’t help himself when he saw Tony standing there, protective hand on his swollen belly, hair looking adorably soft and mussed from the morning winds, a slight air of apprehension around him that Steve knew wasn’t for the coming home of Sam or even Bucky, but for
Bucky, alarmed, shoots a hand out to try to steady him, but Tony grits his teeth and catches it before it can land on his shoulder, using it to tug Bucky out of the room and into the hallway.
–” Steve gasps, and hiccups, wiping his mouth. “Make it stop, please,” he begs, as fresh tears pour down his face, and Bucky wants to, he wants to stop his pain
“I can’t,” Steve sobs and retches twice from the inordinate amount of crying and the sheer stress of it all. “I can’t, Bucky, it’s too much, I just want to
He remembers waking to everything the same but different, and running out of the damn hospital room and only getting more confused, because this was not the afterlife, thank you very much.
Steve seems impressed, but also a little upset, as if he was disappointed in himself for not thinking of it first. He clears his throat and says, “That was very thoughtful, thank you.”
“Are you actually worried for my well-being, Rogers, or are you just doing this to try to annoy me? Because I am
Bucky carefully raises one eyebrow, his eyes all heat and fire. “I’m ambidextrous, Stark. Have to be,” he says, and oh, is that a mental picture. Tony goes slightly cross-eyed trying to imagine it and see the scene in his head.
Except it suddenly isn’t because Steve has the food laid out and is looking at him with an anticipatory expression. “Lost you for a second there, Buck,” he says, the nickname falling from between his lips as easy as you please.
Bucky manages to crack a smile at that. “Stevie never liked it either,” he says and watches in silent dismay as Tony’s face shutters down at the mention of Steve.
He does want to make everything as seamless as possible, however, and what better way to do that than to pretend he’s still in the van? This part’s a little tricky, but he just manages to balance the boxes and then position his arm on top of them so the edge of the arm is poking into view, enough that one would be able to look back from the driver’s or passenger’s seat and be able to see it.
Unfortunately, tracing them quickly was not quick enough, and Steve’s able to regain his breath enough to heave Bucky off of him and roll to the other side of the bed while he holds his sides and wipes away tears of mirth.
He’s already fallen in love once, and from the vague memories that tease the edge of his mind, he can remember it being warm, and soft, and thrilling. That’s what it feels like now, here with Tony, and he takes a moment to realize that,
Another lick of fear and dread curls in his stomach and Bucky forces his heart rate to slow down, taking in and letting out deep breaths. In, and out. In, and out. That’s it.
But even after Winter was, for the most part, shoved into a tiny box never to be opened again, Bucky had still stayed. He’d immediately accepted the pregnancy as part of Tony, and had treated him no different than anyone else. He never explicitly said anything, of course, but Tony knows that Bucky was ready to step in the minute the baby was born.
That’s another thing: hatred. There’s certainly no shortage of that. Steve hates him, he knows that now. It does make him wonder about the rest of the team, however. They use his technology, his food, his resources, his house, and maybe… that’s all he’s for?
There’s a delicious smell coming through the open doors and from the food people are carrying out, and Bucky’s stomach rumbles happily. He’s still hesitant to stop, however, because he
“There’s no point,” Steve says mournfully, pitifully, and Bucky kind of wants to kick him for the moment of weakness and vulnerability, for those words full of self-pity. This really isn’t the time. He’s trying to
It’s been two weeks now, and Tony has been staying almost exclusively in his workshop. Nausea follows him through the day now, but he only really throws up in the morning. He’s taken to just eating really bland things throughout the day, as anything more flavorful makes his stomach immediately protest.
It’s only later that it occurs to him that for the first time since the Winter Soldier, he’s really truly laughed. He wasn’t even sure he knew how to do that anymore. The thought will comfort him later in the safety of his own bed, and provide him with his first full night of sleep, even if it is a bit restless.
thor gets creative with some animal nametags and the animals he puts the tags on, steve has a bad day, tony gets surprised with some door painting
So he clicks on the row to open his messages with Dr Matty, firing off a quick text, his thumbs racing across the screen.
“Who did this?” Are Tony’s first words when he walks into the nursery for the first time in a few days. Similar to what he had done with Steve, Bucky had dragged Tony in there telling him he had something he needed to show him, and Tony, like Steve, had stupidly tagged along.
He remembers a Bucky of the age seventeen, sitting across from him at their dining room table, staring morosely at a drink in front of him that Steve was ninety-nine percent sure was not yellowed water or herbal tea.
“I can’t do this anymore,” Steve chokes out, and he gasps for breath, his eyes pleading and helpless and
“Tony, I’d like to think I know you very well, so don’t lie when I ask this question. What’s happened?” Pepper finally asks with a carefully controlled tone, as if she doesn’t want him to hear her worry.
All Hydra did was force him to learn to compartmentalize pain, and not show it in his actions and features. With them, he’d get punished if he wasn’t able to, usually by making him endure more until he passed out, delirious with agony. They were fond of shooting him on the outside of his thigh, a place where it wouldn’t quite hinder his movement, but it would hurt like a
“He’s gone. Again.” Steve takes a shuddering breath and his arms tighten briefly. “I don’t… I don’t know what I’m supposed to do.”
Steve looks him straight in the eye, then, and for the first time since being reacquainted with his oldest friend, he finds himself feeling scared by the man. Steve’s gaze seems to pierce straight through him, as if he’s staring into his soul and Bucky’s eyes are nothing more than transparent pieces of glass in the way. He looks in control, however, and his voice is steady when he answers.
She looks surprised, but reaches behind herself, stretching quite a bit in the process, and tosses it over. He catches it easily and thanks her quickly while avoiding eye contact, takes his number, and goes to sit down with his back firmly to the young woman.
“Alright.” She breaks off into thoughtful silence for a few seconds, seemingly thinking over something. Her next words are soft. “Steve?” she all but whispers.
He doesn’t sleep that night, instead staring at the ceiling and watching shadows flit across the white expanse from objects framed in the spotlights outside of the open window. He very carefully doesn’t think of anything, just lays there and tries to count the cracks in the ceiling.
“But, I just wanted to say sorry to you. He’s your boyfriend, and you guys look happy. I’m sorry I’m in the picture at all–”
“Your comms weren’t on!” Steve explodes, the disappointment disappearing so fast from his face it nearly gives Tony whiplash, only to be replaced by the unbridled anger that only comes with people not doing what they’re being told, dammit. “You have a duty, Tony, and you’re not doing it!”
“Head forty-three miles East, sir. The scene is the downtown of a small suburban city. Any havoc should be impossible to miss,” JARVIS answers smoothly, sounding as calm as always.
Steve wipes his face hurriedly with big hands, staring at Tony warily. “What are you doing?” he asks, his voice creaking like a screen door in a hurricane.
“Why shouldn’ I?” the Soldier asks in a gruff voice, slightly muffled by the mask he’s wearing. Tony is pleasantly surprised when a completely American accent answers him, sounding like it might even be from Brooklyn.
“Steve? Steve!” Tony calls out the other man’s name as he hurries as fast his pregnant body will carry him to the door. It’s slightly ajar, with no light spilling from within the room to the hallway outside, and Tony swings it open, only hesitating a little.
It only occurs to him, later, when they’ve stopped kissing and Bucky rests with his chin on top of Tony’s head and Tony’s nose pressed into the side of his neck, that what they’re doing, what they’ve just done, is quite possibly the fragilest thing he’s ever handled. As Bucky leans his weight against the counter and gathers up Tony, listening to the soft sounds of the other man’s breathing even out into sleep and watching the stars slowly creep by, he thinks to himself that he would give his life to protect this, whatever it is.
It’s not until Bucky gently puts a hand on Tony’s bicep that Tony realizes he’s trembling. “Jesus, Stark,” he rasps, and there’s a note of controlled anger in his voice.
Bucky swallows. “Not much,” he says, and Tony can’t tell if it’s a lie. It probably is, but pushing will get him exactly nowhere, so he leaves it.
The door opens a few minutes later and the Soldier steps in the room. Tony looks back. “I have your cloth–” his voice dies as he takes in the bare face of the Soldier, hair wet and hanging limply on his shoulders.
“I’m fine,” he gasps out. He gags and heaves over the bin. He forces himself to straighten up and leans heavily against the countertop. Steve holds out a glass of water, his expression hard and unreadable. Tony ignores it and rinses out his mouth in the sink, managing to keep a few sips down.
He wants to tell Tony so bad to not be scared, but how can he when Bucky is feeling the same? Instead he tightens his grip on his hand, moving his thumb slightly until he can pick up the racing pulse in the inside of Tony’s wrist.
“No, I mean, Tony, this is exactly where I grew up.” His voice cracks, but he continues on. “That’s my old apartment building.”
At this very moment, choking on his tears with his forehead pressed firmly against the wall, shoulders shaking and jaw trembling, Steve wants to give up so badly his very bones shake with it.
Tony sucks in a breath and tells himself to start acting normal. Unfortunately, the small sound has alerted Steve, who looks up sharply from where he’d been undoing his belt to pierce him with a glare. Blue eyes rove the length of his body quickly as if to say,
He lost him the first time going off to the war, when his best friend had walked away in his damn uniform, taking all the stupid with him. The second time when he fell off the fucking train, and the absolute anguish that had filled Steve in that very second still makes him weak in the knees to think about. After that, Steve was almost relieved to be directing the plane’s nose towards the ocean, because he knew he would finally be free of the pain. The third time was much less catastrophic than the last two, and was when Bucky said he didn’t quite remember Steve, at least not the way Steve remembered him.
He had felt protective in that moment, protective of the unborn child growing in a man he didn’t love, protective of an unborn child that wasn’t
“That’s your back. Can you play spot the difference between the two halves?” he asks, a teasing lilt clear in his voice.
He steps into an alley, the first one he sees, and slides down the wall, cradling his head in his hands. He gulps in breaths of air, his thoughts tumbling through his brain and trying to fish for some sort of plan, or something he can do to get in contact, anything,
,” Bucky tells him quietly, sliding down to sit next to him and staring straight ahead, his eyes unfocused.
Tony is startled out of his reverie when the doors of the elevator open with a slight hiss, exposing him to the empty kitchen. He
He looks like he just needs some sleep. But, he knows better than anyone that this can be difficult. Hence, the question he just asked.
Steve has to stay in medical for a week in case he tries to hurt himself again, going to therapy every couple days and spending the rest of the time sleeping. Dr Matty recommends several other psychologists to him and even some group sessions, but Steve is quick to shut those down. A couple of days in, Bruce hands him his new antidepressants. They make him feel a little weird; he’s tired and nauseous for a couple of days, but he overcomes the symptoms fairly quickly, not even noticing them by the end of the week.
Dr Matty won’t stop shaking her head and marveling at the efficiency of the serum, and Steve would have laughed with her, if it wasn’t currently complicating his life.
“Don’t cry,” Tony murmurs, at a loss for what to say. He isn’t sure of the thoughts flitting through Steve’s head, but when Steve suddenly turns to him, a fresh tear rolling down his cheek, Tony makes up his mind for what to do.
that voice. That isn’t Steve Rogers, no siree, but it sounds just as familiar, just as comforting. “Tony?” he asks, cautiously, and his breath grows labored. He’s scared. He doesn’t know where he is.
The Soldier lifts his gun further up, finger twitching closer to the trigger. “I ain’t goin’ anywhere with you,” he growls. Icy blue-grey eyes pierce through him over the black fabric.
Sometimes he would lay in bed before going to sleep and consider Bucky’s position. Was he really that much of a charmer? Or was he like Tony, forced into a role to protect himself and get attention? These thoughts would haunt him, and often keep him awake for hours at a time in the dead of night, contemplating.
Bucky ignores the stares around him as he says, “I have something to apologize for.” Because he does. It’s important for Steve to know this, for some reason. Feels as important now as it did then.
Not in lust, like he was some odd eight months ago, or even just starting to love him, like he loves Rhodey or Pepper or Happy, but is really, truly, falling in love with him.
He scoops Bucky to him, cradling him against his chest and avoiding the metal arm. Bucky’s shoulder rests firmly in Steve’s elbow and the small bit of pressure takes the weight of the metal arm off slightly, and he sighs with relief.
Meeting Steve caused ripples in Tony’s life, causing new and exciting feelings and things to happen, changing the way he looked at the things. But meeting Bucky? The actual man himself, not the Winter Soldier, that had caused tidal waves, swells of water that built and built and
Bucky nods, and looks down at his hands. “I–I think we used to be real close,” he clears his throat, “before I fell,” he mumbles. He shakes his head violently and turns to Tony, eyes beseeching. “I swear it ended when I fell. Nothin’s happened, I promise.”
He lets Steve sleep quietly for about an hour, before the aches in his joints grow a little too pronounced to be ignored. He gently leans back until the other man is resting against pillows and his headboard, and extracts himself from the bed, crossing the room quietly to the bathroom where he relieves himself and splashes some water on his face.
Bucky winces and pulls away completely, bringing up a silver hand to rub the nape of his neck. “About that… you ever wondered how I got the information in the first place?”
“I missed you, too,” Steve says, smiling slightly, and threads his hand quickly through Bucky’s to squeeze it briefly before pulling away and taking a deep breath.
Steve breathes out a gusty sigh and relaxes further into the chair. “I won’t pretend that didn’t hurt, but I…” He sighs again, “I guess I can forgive you.”
“Steve,” he sighs. “We got into this mess because I was being a persistent asshole and you lost control. At this point, I don’t think either of us are quite father material, but then again, yours died when you were young, and mine was an alcoholic who liked making things to kill people.” The corner of his mouth quirks a bit. “I think we’re definitely an upgrade and, Steve?” he asks, and watches the man across from him suck in his breath.
“Good,” Bucky forces out, barely remembering at the last minute to say it, so preoccupied with Steve saying
Tony makes a noise of want and snakes his hands up between their bodies, tangling them in Steve’s shirt and tugging him closer. Steve’s warm, so warm, and Tony thinks he can stay wrapped up here forever, just soaking up the warmth that’s emitting from the man curled around him.
Steve wakes up alone, as usual. He gets up and turns right back around to make his bed, before crossing the room to a chair in the corner, where a stack of clothing is already picked and laid out.
It isn’t comfortable, not anymore, but Bucky couldn’t care less because they’re here, waiting for him, like he hoped. He breathes in deeply, and feels Steve nosing into his hair, stroking along his back with his left hand, but his right hand has disappeared and
you, and last I checked, doll, you like me right back. Steve isn’t going to get in between us,” he says firmly. Tony is still worried, but he can’t find it in him to do anything but nod, keeping his eyes on Bucky.
The doctor goes to the cabinet and pulls out a thin cardboard box. “Can you go to the bathroom for me and take this?”
“I’m not sure what there is to say,” he admits. “I owe you a thousand and one apologies, Steve, and Tony… I don’t know where to start.”
Tony swallows, blinks back sudden tears. Damn hormones. “Yes, please,” he says in a small voice, and Bucky nods and pushes himself up off the floor, leaving the partly disassembled engine on the floor.
That was ridiculously mean for him to think of, after everything he’d done to Steve. Of course, his actions aren’t unprecedented, but Tony still hasn’t been the kindest he can be either.
Steve turns to Bucky and nudges his shoulder a bit. “I think it’s your turn, pal,” he says, his voice only a tiny bit scratchy, and Bucky smiles weakly.
He can see Natasha looking at Steve with something akin to concern, her eyes questioning. Steve shakes his head almost minutely, refusing her silent offer, and Tony wonders why that makes him feel so forlorn.
He swoops in but doesn’t go immediately for the aforementioned weak spots. Instead, he flies straight into the metal knees of the robot, his arms coming up to push at the joints with all his might. His muscles are straining even through the suit, and he sends more power to the repulsors in his boots until he hears an ominous creaking.
Tony grumbles as he wakes up to the droning sound of JARVIS’ telling him to go to the kitchen for breakfast. He grumbles at his ceiling blearily and pushes himself up into a sitting position, cursing the hard couch. He should’ve known better than to sleep there.
His ears are fuzzy through the pounding of his head, but he can very vaguely make out the sounds of the driver and the passenger side arguing fiercely, their voices growing louder and louder as they grow more and more agitated. They’re quarreling about whether or not to make a gas stop, and they sound like they’re already running late. One of them insists they have time, the other doesn’t.
He shoves Steve away as forcefully as he can, lurching backward, ripping himself from the warm and comforting hands at his back and neck... he shivers and firmly puts distance between them, forcing his breathing to even out. Steve stumbles back more out of surprise than Tony’s strength and stands there, hands limp at his sides, lips cherry red and glistening, shirt wrinkled and disheveled.
“I have to watch you two be happy together, Bucky, the two men I would do anything for, every. Fucking. Day. You think that’s not destroying me?” Steve asks and whirls around from where he’d been pacing to pin Bucky with glassy eyes. “Fuck you, Barnes,” he spits. “I was
“I know you are,” Steve says, his breath still a little uneven and shallow. “I know you are,” he repeats, “but I can’t shake the feeling that there’s
Tony hesitates a moment before stepping in with him but ultimately makes the step through the doorway, sliding it shut behind him.
Steve throws up his hands. “Why are you so bent on disobeying orders? Why can’t you do what’s asked of you for once in your life?”
Steve sets his jaw stubbornly but still refuses to turn around or otherwise speak to him. Bucky grabs his elbow and whips him around. “You’re not stupid, so quit acting like you are,” he hisses, fingers tangling in the fabric over Steve’s elbow, yanking him closer.
Gasps and shudders are torn out of Tony as Steve works the hand between his legs, and soon they turn into breathless curses spilling from his lips as he gets closer to the edge. Steve releases him then, dragging a heady whine from Tony as he does so, and grips his thighs, lifting him up and shoving him against the wall. Tony gasps at that, because
He does notice that Steve carefully avoided saying anything about whether they were together or not, and decides not to ask further.
The day dawns brilliant and blinding, the bright sun reflecting off all the shiny surfaces in the city, warming passerby. Steve comes down to the workshop to tell Tony personally, but he says it quickly as if he’d rather be anywhere than there.
He feels guilty, suddenly, that he’s enjoying the sun while Steve’s probably holed up in his room, working on his art or exercising. Come to think of it… what did that man
His breathing starts to pick up and he’s convinced that everyone’s staring at him now, wondering what the hell he’s doing, but he doesn’t dare lift his head for fear of someone recognizing him, and
” Tony manages to grind out, still reeling from the kiss. “You don’t get to kiss me, Rogers. You fucking left me–” he bites down on the words “and your child” viciously, not ready to let the rest of the team know. He thinks Thor and Natasha might, but it’s clear Steve knows, and he’s all that really matters in the grand scheme of things. “Get the fuck away from me,” he spits, and Steve stares at him, chest heaving, pain and horror written clear across his face.
Bucky and Steve sit across from each other on the bed, Steve’s hands firmly tucked into his lap, Bucky’s spread out on the bed to support himself.
When he pulls off, Tony blearily watches Bucky’s throat work as he swallows, and suddenly finds himself needing that glistening mouth, streaked with spit, lube, and come, on his own. He yanks Bucky’s head forward and kisses him with all he has, registering the other man’s happy hum as he kisses back, huge warm hands rubbing themselves all over Tony’s chest.
Bucky’d made it very clear that they had to take it slow, however, and there were still times when he just wanted to be alone. Tony’s heart ached for him during these times, but he’d obeyed Bucky’s wishes, and left him alone when he was told.
Tony flies over to where the quinjet is and lands next to Natasha. Steve is scrubbing a hand through his hair, tugging on the strands. He looks exhausted, but his voice is strong when he asks, “What should we do, Bruce?”
A shadow flickers over Steve’s face but it disappears faster than Rhodey can fully process it. “I’m sorry?” he asks politely, and fuck but Rhodey wants to kick him.
Tony’s set Rhodey up on the fifth floor, the floor specifically reserved for when he or Pepper visit. It’s cozy and homey, and the only floor with any sort of pre-planned personal decoration. For example, on Rhodey’s bedside table there are three photographs, all framed and glossy moments in time from MIT and after.
It’s then he decides the protection he’s providing Tony with is going to extend to the tiny human he’s growing, this perfect little girl that Tony’s going to have. The thought settles him, and he hands the ultrasound back with limited trembling of his hand.
Steve sinks to the floor right where he’s standing, and carefully, pitifully, gathers up the torn pieces of paper from the floor.
By the time his boots are laced and it’s almost time to meet Steve, Bucky’s hair is dry enough to pull back, but he leaves it hanging. One of the most important lessons he learned from the Winter Soldier was that sometimes a little hair hanging over your face could conceal your identity completely, or at least make you seem nondescript and forgettable.
Bucky barely registers climbing the stairs, taking them two at a time. Before he knows it he’s slamming the door open to Steve’s room, watching the man jump about a foot in the air as he takes in his visitor.
Clint loses his croissant to the sidewalk, the Winter Soldier shows up twice and plays nurse, Steve clenches his jaw too much, and Tony... Tony's been seein' a lot of his toilet bowl.
Bucky hums in response and Tony moans, nearly losing it right there. “God, yes,” he gasps, and Bucky pulls off quickly with a wet
Bucky flops down on the bed and lays on his back, staring up at the ceiling and thinking about his day. When he was more Winter Soldier than anyone else, he would have never confronted so many people so directly.
The alarm goes off in the middle of the night, only a couple of minutes after midnight. Tony’s down in his workshop fixing one of his suits when the piercing shriek of the alert goes off, making him startle and nearly burn his hand off with his soldering iron.
He tugs his knees closer to his body and sucks in deep breaths, shutting his eyes slightly. He feels wave after wave of emotion rack his body, but he doesn’t know which ones they are. Instead, he hides his head in his bent knees and lets out a single sob, muffling it as best he can.
“Then why are you here?” Tony asks flatly, and Steve’s jaw works once, twice, obviously chewing on words he’s debating whether or not to spit out. He doesn’t, though,and the fight bleeds out of him on one big exhale, his shoulders curving in on his frame and his head hanging a bit.
She can’t quite hide her laughter this time. “It looks lovely,” she squeezes out, and Thor huffs, casting a glance to the corner, where the other five stuffed animals lay against the wall, all with bizarre colors and features and cloth name tags with names (that Thor thought long and hard about, dammit), embroidered onto them.
Inside there’s a stack of sheets in dark colors, all soft to the touch. Underneath the pile is a small white note, that’s been typed.
His eyes are already trying to slide shut against the wave of exhaustion that comes with coherent thought, but Bucky stubbornly opens them wider. He can feel the beginnings of an escape plan tickling the edge of his consciousness, something to do with the boxes, and the little window in the divider that the driver can just be seen through, and the gas stop…
Tony sniggers and Steve looks at him disapprovingly, a small frown tugging at the corner of his mouth.
“Uh, it’s more of a workshop, actually. Bruce has the laboratory,” Tony says, nodding over at the man in question, standing next to Clint. Bucky ignores the other scientist.
Bucky pauses, stopping the rhythmic motion of tearing his hand through his hair and yanking on it out of frustration instead.
Almost on cue, Tony breaks his silence. “It won’t take long,” he says. “Give me a few weeks to make your arm, and then we can talk about how to attach it so the whole strain-on-the-shoulder thing doesn’t happen again.” He suddenly grins maniacally. “Then we can start making it look sick.”
“Not a problem, Mr Barnes,” comes the swift reply, and Bucky peels himself off the wall, running a quick hand through his hair before stumbling off in search of his boyfriend.
He also tries not to think about Bucky falling, something that is also his fault. Waking up in the hotel bed, alone, without Bucky because he had let his friend die, makes him throw up to think about. Not only that, because when he had woken up in that godforsaken bed with the fluorescent lighting in the ceiling and the radio in the corner, but he’d also been disappointed, because surely this wasn’t heaven, and dammit, he’d
“You look down,” Tony notes with a quick glance at him before going back to the articles he was reading, and the grin Bucky’s managed to carefully cultivate on his face slips down quickly, leaving just pure frustration.
cut on your back, that’s from me cutting you open to take the arm out. Damn Hydra assholes connected the arm to metal framing on your spine. With that amount of weight and strain, you should’ve permanently broken something a long time ago.
After talking to Pepper, Rhodey seems more manageable, but it’s still with caution that he presses the tiny green button on his phone and lifts it to his ear.
His heart is making another valiant effort to jump out of his chest, even just thinking of seeing Tony or Steve again, but he’s also looking forward to his nice warm bed, or a bath... He sighs just thinking about it, the sound mirrored by the elevator a second later when the doors slide open.
“Of course, sir,” the smooth British voice answers him, and a few seconds later Bucky hears the hiss of a door opening, admitting the super soldiers to the workshop.
Tony clears his throat, a raspy, guttural sound that turns into a coughing fit halfway through, and makes Bucky snort and roll his eyes while Tony sputters in front of him, grabbing a glass of water DUM-E places next to his hand. Bucky thinks he remembers something Sam, or maybe Steve, told him about Tony not liking to be handed things.
There’s also the teeny tiny minuscule blink-you’d-miss-it problem of Bucky feeling his temper boil up every time he thought of it. It was no big deal. He’d get over it.
“I noticed,” he notes mildly. He nods at the closed fridge doors. Well, as closed they can get. The metal has bunched on both edges of the doors, identical dents in the shape of hands. “Want to tell me why I’ll be ordering a new fridge later?”
your baby, and if you really need me to step away from Steve, I can do that. It’ll hurt, but for you, I’ll do it.”
Steve’s in the kitchen when they get up there, cooking scrambled eggs and bacon. He looks up when they enter, offering a small smile for Bruce and a nod for Tony.
Tony is in the rocking chair, reading from a tablet peacefully, when Bucky arrives at the nursery. He slumps against the doorway, exhausted and manages a small smile when Tony looks up and positively beams.
Tony’s eyebrows shoot up and he leans over to pick up a blue paisley rhino, eyeing the name tag hanging from his horn. “Tank?”
“I know, I know,” Steve says breathlessly, giggling when Bucky slides down and lifts his shirt to blow a big raspberry on his stomach. His abs contract with his laughter and Bucky traces them with his eyes quickly. Washboard abs, indeed.
A weak hand tugs at his own sopping wet hair, and Steve leans forwards, capturing his lips, kissing the man as best as he could. He bites Tony’s lip and tugs, and a spasm of pleasure runs through the other man, warmth pouring over their two stomachs.
The Soldier gives him one more appraising look before tightening his grip on the firearm and aiming carefully at the center of Tony’s forehead.
“God you’re so good at that,” Tony says, and groans when Bucky reaches a hand down to grasp himself through his jeans. “Would you like me to take care of that for you, soldier?” he asks, smirking, and Bucky tries to laugh but gets cut off by his own moan.
She sighs. “This might have something to do with that serum of yours, so let me run some things by some others, and we’ll let you know.”
He needn’t have wondered, though. The door swings open on the second knock and then keeps swinging until it’s all the way open and the only thing Bucky can see is the broad body of Steve Rogers.
She scowls at him, and he notices vaguely that she looks really young. She looks pretty tall and there’s a mature downturn to her mouth that suggests some sort of sadness or tragedy, but upon closer inspection, she couldn’t be any older than seventeen.
He works quickly with his super soldier efficiency, and by the time he finishes it’s well past noon. He looks behind him to find Tony curled up in a rocking chair, fast asleep. A small smile graces Bucky’s lips without him thinking about it or forcing it, and he makes note of the delicate spread of dark lashes over high cheekbones, the pale pink of soft lips, the gentle rise and fall of his chest.
Then Steve’s face breaks open, and the anger is gone, leaving a startling cocktail of emotions that should never be seen on Captain America’s face. Tony reads relief, and wonder, and hope, so much
Steve’s arm is cloaked in blood all the way up to his elbow, his knuckles torn and bloody and likely the reason his fist is caked in blood. His face is streaked with tears, and the throw up on the floor is clearly from him. A gash on his forehead is steadily leaking blood down his nose, and his hair looks as though someone has been tugging their fingers through it over and over and again, trying to tug the follicles from his scalp. There’s shards of white ceramic littered across the floor, and Bucky’s metal arm is bent in a funny way.
He thinks maybe Natasha has some sort of affection for him, but maybe she’s just doing her spy thing and wrapping her around her little finger.
“I made peace with it. I knew that even if you were still pure and I was now fucked up, you were still my Steve. With you there, I thought nothing could touch me. And for a while, nothing could.”
“Is that a Bucky Bear?” Bucky blurts out, because holy shit. He’d completely forgotten about those. Which is understandable, but still.
Shit. This is kind of a big deal. Does being in love with Steve mean he has to start a relationship with him? Does it mean he has to forget about the pain they’ve both gone through?
The Soldier–Barnes–licks his lips and adjusts the towel around his waist. He nods his head towards the pile of clothing.
He’s shirtless, so he tugs on the blue running shirt easily, pulling it down and wincing, as always, at his reflection in the mirror across the room. Natasha swears it’ll help him pick up ladies, but Steve just thinks it’s unnecessarily tight.
A soft knock signifies Bucky’s arrival, and Tony’s quick to discard the tablet and stand up, only groaning a little. Bucky’s fresh and wet from a shower, and Tony’s not sure why, until he leans closer and spots twin rings around his eyes.
It isn’t enough, however. It isn’t enough to stop the flood of his earlier thoughts and everything he’s realized in between. In the beginning, he always thought Tony was the worst thing he had lost, the worst thing that he had dealt with. Then, he thought it was Bucky. It was true, he was a big part of the reason Bucky was alive, but Bucky had already met Tony, by then. He already had someone and Steve? Steve had no one.
Bucky follows through with his epic escape plan and Tony realizes that he and Steve need to at least try
Tony appreciates it, but now things are awkward and, once again, it’s his fault, so he sighs and turns in his seat. “Steve, it’s nice to see you,” he sighs, and to his surprise, Steve perks up.
So he tries not to. He does, but sometimes he’ll drop something, something will slip through his fingers, and Steve will be swept into a memory of freezing ice and screaming and terrified faces and
“What did you want to apologize for?” Steve asks, breaking the silence with his curiosity. They come out muffled from behind the napkin he’s using to wipe his mouth with, but his words are still quite clear.
“A pity,” Tony sighs, flying a bit higher and noting with interest as the bustling of the city that never sleeps fades away to more quiet and green neighborhoods.
Bucky had nodded, and Steve gave himself a moment to think before he nodded hesitantly, heart quickening as Bucky cautiously lifted the sheet up, slipping off his cot and approaching Steve. His cock was still pointed up towards the ceiling, curving up towards Bucky’s belly and bobbing with each step he took and Steve eyed it wearily as Bucky came closer.
That’s what he is doing now, actually. It’s early December and the weather has gotten cold, but not to the point that breath comes out in clouds. If it was, everyone on the street would be able to see puffs and puffs of slightly condensed breath vanish into the air, a constant stream of wispy grey trailing from the man’s lips as he struggles to get himself under control.
“What did he want?” Steve asks in the hallway after the debrief. Various agents and employees bustle around them, most glued to stacks of files in their arms or the blue screen of their phones; Steve has been very careful to not be left alone with Tony.
Instead, he makes his way down to Tony’s workshop, only hesitating slightly before knocking on the door. It slides open with a sudden hiss, and Bucky jumps backward in alarm. After a second or two of nothing moving, he cautiously enters the workshop and cringes when music fills his ears.
Steve closes the sketchbook with a snap, breathing out slowly and rubbing the heels of his hands over his eyes. God
, not even when he’d found him. How can he blame it all on Bucky now? Doesn’t he know Bucky couldn’t control his personality, much fewer memories, at the time?
Bucky carefully climbs down from the ladder without any hands, using only his right forearm for balance. He makes sure to keep the paint roller away from the paint-splattered green ladder, and it’s with great caution that he walks over to Tony and gently shakes his shoulder.
Of course. Steve. Tony slams down his mind on the train of thought that leads with hoping they enjoyed their swim and ends with him imagining all the ways they could “enjoy” the water. Fuck that, Tony’s too sober to be thinking
Bucky rolls his eyes to cover the shiver of want that rattles his very bones, replying with a vague: “Oh, is that so?”
“Have you been drinking, Stark?” Steve’s voice is as hard as his eyes, and Tony stares at him. So he’s Stark again, is he? He shakes his head. “No, no, haven’t been drinking.”
His back hurts something fierce, but he ignores it, instead staggering into the elevator and leaning against the railing, already thinking of the two steaming mugs of coffee he’s going to drink. The doors open with a soft ding and he steps out, dimly noticing the rest of the team staring at him expectantly while he crosses the room, intent on getting his caffeine.
He doesn’t even want to face himself, and the thought makes a quiet laugh bubble up within him, hysterical in all sense of the word.
did this to Steve. To Captain America. To a national icon. He’s reduced him to a man who’s humping another man’s thigh while he gets him off.
“It’s okay,” Tony says and smiles a little as Rhodey gently runs his hand over his cloth-covered stomach.
“You’re not doing enough,” he accuses. “You should be doing more, at least trying to be friends with Tony–”
Tony catches it easily with one hand and looks closer. A smile spreads across his face. What a little shit. It’s his tracker. If the Soldier knew he had it, then why did he let himself be tracked? And how would he have known Tony would be here at this exact time?
He sits on a bed with a crinkly white paper sheet and waits for a doctor to come in the room, studying the wall decor as he does. There’s a poster on the different diseases you can get from vegetables that haven’t been washed, and one on STDs and how to prevent them.
Dr Matty suggested that he, a little at a time, worked his way up to being more comfortable around people. As the Winter Soldier, he had never cared about people around him, because he had a mission. As Bucky Barnes? He did care. He cared to the point of his breath coming a little short and panicky when someone stared too long, and the point to where he didn’t want to go out without something to cover himself, especially his face.
“I’m sure,” Bucky snorts. “I imagine you get used to it right after you get used to Tony’s fancy science talk jumpin’ all over the place.”
They’re silent for a little while, but it’s a comfortable sort of silence, the kind that doesn’t need to be filled with chatter or small talk, or even casual conversation. They’re just enjoying one another’s company and their food, and the peaceful bit of heaven that is this garden. Bucky still has no idea how Steve found it, but he isn’t going to ask.
Steve growls, actually growls. Tony wonders why he’s losing his composure so fast today; it usually takes much longer. He figures Steve’s just tired.
“I’m pretty sure Captain America’s not supposed to fuck people against walls,” Tony tells him, his voice a little breathless. He’s noticeably sagging against the wall.
LAST THING - should i name chapters? i'm unsure about it but it would make things easier to look back on and find
Bucky almost screams when Steve lifts his shirt up and reaches his hand under it, tickling the soft skin over his abs before he breaks into wheezing laughter, pushing weakly against his hand.
AmericaIronSoldier - Quacakers the duck (I’m sure you didn’t intend the typo but it made me laugh really hard, so thank you)
Bucky makes his way to the refrigerator and peeks inside, looking for the cheerful yellow color of a ripe lemon peel. Tony had started craving various things about two weeks ago, a fortnight after Bucky had Opened the Sketchbook, and extremely late for a normal pregnancy. The doctor had assured them in their panicked states, however, that everything was alright with her and Tony, and every person was different. He’d even gotten another ultrasound, and there was a small line up of them taped to one of the walls in the workshop.
He walks in quickly, ignoring his aching back and the way he’s breathing like he just ran a goddamn marathon.
Now Thor is gone, probably to go see the rest of the team, and Tony has returned to the workshop to do God knows what, and Bucky’s just left in the nursery.
Bucky has something he wants to say too, in the spirit of honesty, but mostly because he doesn’t want his boyfriend to find out from Steve. “I’m glad too, though I don’t think I, ah, handled it the best I could have.”
“I really don’t,” Bucky agrees, going over to the dresser to gather all the stuffed animals in his arms. He plops down between Tony’s legs, setting out the animals in front of him. “What do you think he was thinking, with these?”
Steve chuckles awkwardly. “Where do we go from here…?” Uncertainty is pouring off him in waves, so hot and uncomfortable Bucky has to fight off the ridiculous urge to fan himself.
, that will soften the blow Bucky’s dealt him, but one look at his best friend erases the thought entirely.
Rhodey opens his mouth, ready to fire back scathingly, but what Steve just said suddenly catches up with him, and Rhodey… Rhodey doesn’t know what the fuck to do with that.
“God, yeah, like that,” he groans as Bucky’s hand begins moving faster, his thumb carefully rubbing places that make fresh noises tumble out of Tony. Tony looks at the ceiling and closes his eyes, savoring the feeling of being touched by another human being, by something that isn’t his own hand, something as
“Like hell you are!” Bucky roars, and the fragile thing, the thing that Bucky had been wary of, snaps. It’s almost visible, the way the light in Steve’s eyes suddenly splinters, and he’s feeling too much all at once.
Steve barely makes it to the bathroom before he throws up, sketchbook open to a picture of Tony, head thrown against the wall, mouth slack in pleasure, but eyes locked dizzyingly onto Steve’s.
This will update every Tuesday from here on out, and if anyone would like to beta for me, just let me know ;)
“I see,” Tony says, finally. “Well, Barnes,” (God, does Bucky hate how Tony curls his lip when he says his last name) “you are officially the world’s worst secret-keeper, but I already knew, so.”
He really really hopes they didn’t. A quick glance around him, ignoring his throbbing head, is enough to reignite the part of Winter he never really minded, the part that is all tactical mastermind, the part that has zero fucks to give.
he was so lonely. Yanking Bucky away so soon after Steve had gotten him back? That would be absolutely devastating for Steve, and Lord knows he’d only try to bottle it up again.
“It’s been healing nicely,” Tony murmurs, meeting Bucky’s eyes briefly before going back to running his fingers over the scarred remains of his left shoulder. “Well done.”
funny. Oh God, it’s like he’s in a bad movie. His lover gets kidnapped, and the main man is left with his lover’s (for lack of a better word) mistress, who, by coincidence, happened to knock the man up. The mistress and the man are already on shaky terms, so clearly what they need is one of the two things tying them together to leave.
He knows it won’t be long before Natasha kicks him off the team, but he can hardly think of that because he’s just got an idea. A wonderful, amazing, terrifying idea.
Standing there, his hand poised above the door two down from his, he almost loses his nerve. It seems too easy, all of a sudden, to just forget about it. He and Steve were separated for seventy years and they were fine, weren’t they?
“Nah, you’d never hurt me, darlin’,” Tony says and gives him a crooked grin, one that he knows looks sexy as hell.
“Fine,” Steve mumbles, and when Tony doesn’t reply, he sighs heavily, sending a puff of warm air over Tony’s collarbone. “Not great,” he mutters.
He herds the others into the quinjet and Tony considers defying orders, but quickly dismisses the thought as his stomach rolls. Yeah, okay, maybe not.
also, i just felt the need to include more about the mental illness stuff, because i didn't want to just forget about it.
“...Am not very comfortable with the notion that my boyfriend is literally in another man’s bed,” Steve finishes for him. “I get that.”
He selects a pair of black ones, because who knows? He might even get wild on his way home, and tests them against the edge of the van window across from him. If he’s correct, which he usually is, the gas tank filler should be on his side of the car, either right behind him or somewhere near the door at the very end of the van. That’s where they’ll be looking, and maybe he’ll have enough time to pry open the window and escape while they’re inside the shitty convenience store, getting snacks or taking a piss…
Maybe Bucky would be cooking pancakes for breakfast while Tony leaned against the counter, a cup of coffee in his hand, a baby girl bouncing on his hip. Bucky would lean over in the middle of cooking to kiss him gently on the forehead, and then smack a loud one on the little girl’s cheek until she shrieks with laughter, grinning widely with not enough teeth to make it a proper smile. Then Bucky would turn around, facing the doorway and bearing a large plate of fluffy hotcakes waiting to be drenched in syrup, and he would offer to the man who’d just come through the door, a man with blond hair that was sweaty and sticking to his forehead and huge grin. A man that would cross the room with the plate in his hand and lean down to give Tony a kiss and then his daughter one…
“Thor,” a gentle female voice says, interrupting the god’s thoughts. “You’ve been embroidering all day. Perhaps it’s time to take a break?”
He grits his teeth and knocks, thinking to himself all the while how stupid he’d feel if Steve wasn’t there, if he was psyching himself up like an idiot outside an empty room.
Bucky laughs derisively. “Every time fuckin’ time I saw that uniform. At first didn’ even know it was you. Didn’ know why I recognized it.”
He leans over, tickling Steve’s sides relentlessly and blowing a big raspberry onto the soft skin on the side of his neck. Steve shrieks with laughter and his torso convulses as he tries to duck his head away from Bucky’s mouth, which is on any part of him he can reach, blowing raspberries.
Tony snorts and moves to stand up to take his turn. “Not so fast, Stark,” Natasha calls. “I actually have the stuff on me, unlike you.”
Tony has also started researching babies a lot more, and even inadvertently forced it upon Bucky as well, often launching into a discussion about something or other that he’d read about, fully expecting Bucky to be able to follow his train of thought and the single-sided conversation.
The thought is bitter, but it makes this slice of thick cream cheese and sweet caramel all the better.
. A month ago, he was fine. But then it all started spiraling and Steve started thinking of things he had ignored for
He opens one and gives it a sniff, his eyebrows shooting up at the pleasant smell. It smells like sweet citrusy oranges, and he looks up at the ceiling when he asks tentatively, “What do these do?”
Steve swallows heavily and nods, not even bothering to pull a mask over his features as he casts his eyes towards the ground. The corners of his mouth tighten briefly and Tony thinks he’s going to look up and protest, maybe scream in Tony’s face or try to make out with him again, but he doesn’t. He walks away towards the tower, picking up his chin and staring straight ahead.
Tony hates the fact that he’s just twiddling his thumbs, and decides to make an executive decision. “Cap,” he starts, “I’m going in.”
Next chapter we'll get to see way more Stony, and possibly the beginnings of the birth of a certain baby...?
Bucky sees red, and he’s swinging his hand before he realizes what he's doing. His slap across Steve’s cheek sounds clear across the room, and Bucky’s shouting something, but Bucky can barely hear himself, and he’s scared, he’s so scared,
He knows he’s way too tired to sleep, so he swings his feet over the side of the bed and wipes at his eyes furiously, hating the salty tears dripping down his nose. He staggers out of his door, not even bothering to put on a jacket or socks or shoes, only intent on getting to some sort of common area, desperate to find some sort of space that won’t just be him and his thoughts, that won’t have any sort of evidence pointing to
He can feel the slight thrust of Steve against his thigh, and unmistakable pride runs through him at the thought that
Instead, he spends his nights hammering out mangled bits of metal, and he even has a routine. During the day, if there’s no mission, he goes down to the workshop and turns AC/DC on as loud as JARVIS will let him, before going to town with his sledgehammers. Then he eats a sandwich and refuses to think about Steve. After, he goes back to hammering before eating some sort of bland dinner and then hammers some more until midnight, when he passes out on the couch in his workshop. He has a huge stack of flat metal sheets in the corner, now. During days with a mission, Tony goes out with the team, plays Iron Man, and disappears to go sleep, exhausted, after their day.
Another thing he’s started doing in the week following his talks with Pepper and Rhodey is a lot of research. The nursery isn’t done yet, far from it, in fact, but it’s still a quiet and safe place where Tony can take his tablet or computer and sit against the wall, back straight to stop it from aching more than it already is.
The pancakes are delicious, actually, drowned in maple syrup and covered in butter. They’re fluffy and sweet, and Tony fights the impulsive urge to lean across the counter and steal a bite of Bucky’s just because, as he usually would during breakfast.
Tony looks up when they enter, and just stares at them for a minute, his pencil hovering over the blueprint he’d been working on. His shoulders hunch in a little and he sighs when neither of the men say anything.
“I needed a hobby,” he mutters to Marire, and the maid clucks her tongue, shifting her linens back to both arms.
He remembers all those double dates Bucky used to drag him on, the two pretty girls he’d try to set him and Steve up with, but who’d only end up hanging off Bucky’s arm by the end of the night. Steve was too sickly to do more than talk anyway, so it wasn’t like he didn’t understand why they were so attracted to Bucky. Plus, Bucky acted like he owned the world at fifteen, because he was young and handsome and had a crooked smile that made girls weak at the knees.
Steve’s lips are now a thin line of bitterness. He breaks eye contact and looks away. “How much do you remember from that night?” he finally asks. Bucky isn’t surprised that Steve immediately knows which night he’s talking about. The thought makes his stomach sink further.
Steve’s silent for too long, and that finally makes him give in to the urge and meet his eyes. Steve scrubs a hand over his face, ruffling his hair further so it falls over his forehead. It’s a surprisingly good look on him, Tony thinks, not that he would ever say anything of the sort.
Tony winks at him. “Hop to it, soldier,” he teases, and Bucky chuckles, leaning and stealing a quick kiss.
Tony… Tony shouldn’t be so hurt by that. He shouldn’t be hurt by Steve closing his face off like that, as if the absolute last thing he wanted was for Tony to know what he was thinking. After all, what thing has he done to earn that sort of trust? He looks away, and fiddles with a loose thread on the couch.
Steve swallows, takes a sip. His hand is trembling. “How can I do that when you’re his boyfriend?” he asks. “How am I supposed to be involved with my daughter’s life if I can’t see her? If her dad hates me?”
Steve sees the bright red of the sketchbook in Bucky’s hand, his heightened vision easily picking out the drawing the pages are flipped to, and feels a single strike of horror, cold and unwelcome, shoot down his spine.
Clint rolls his eyes, but he looks pleased. “Congrats, man. You gonna go in to find out the gender?”
“Bucky, I need help,” he says shakily, and too late, Bucky realizes he’s nearly correct, but not quite.
He enters through the door, hearing the same jingling bell from the gas station, and familiar smells assault his nose. There’s no one else in the restaurant.
So he walks shyly up to the woman, steeling himself against a wave of crippling nervousness that nearly makes him turn away, and taps her shoulder, trying to soften his features a bit; Tony’s told him on several occasions that he can come across as a bit intimidating. The woman turns and smiles kindly. She’s got to about sixty and looks like she’s whatever ethnicity the majority of the people here seem to be.
Bucky thinks about it. He does want a new arm, wants it very badly, because who wants to be lopsided? However, he cannot help thinking about the excruciating pain from earlier, and to say he’s not eager to repeat the experience is an understatement.
He watches with a sort of morbid curiosity as Bruce takes out a small knife, cutting small incisions into Steve’s knuckle and general forearm, only to go back in with tweezers to pluck out the shrapnel. His jaw is firmly clenched, the edges of his ears a very faint green, and Bucky knows not to say anything.
Bucky rolls the words over in his mouth before he spits them out. “We were pretty close,” he finally says. What he actually meant to say was “I was in love with you”, but luckily, he managed to squash it before it came out.
“You just felt guilty, didn’t you?” Bucky rasps. “You thought loving him would be like cheating on me.”
This will update every Monday/Tuesday for the foreseeable future, and if you have any questions, suggestions, or corrections, I'd love to hear 'em!
He forces himself to get a goodnight’s sleep and skips breakfast. Even so, he finds himself bent over the toilet in the tiny bathroom.
Tony raises his eyebrows. “I give you a shiny new bike and you’re not even going to steal out into the night with it?”
Tony has some cravings, Bucky gets Mexican food, Bucky and Steve have another fight, Steve has had enough
Steve immediately closes his eyes tightly and starts laughing, twisting and wriggling like a fish under Bucky, trying to escape his fingers. Bucky quickly discovers that blowing raspberries on exposed skin works quite well, and puts his plan into motion as soon as possible.
“Bruce,” he interrupts, and smiles wryly when both men turn to him. “I’m going to call Dr Matty. I don’t think this was just a fight,” he says quietly, and Bruce nods, gesturing back at Steve as he replies, “You do that. I’ll just take care of this.”
When he wakes up, Tony has moved on to something else, and there’s a neat little pile of lemon wedges on the table, all wrung out and stringy. Bucky blinks at them for a confusing second.
Tony reels back, putting a hand on his chest and exclaiming in mock outrage. “How dare you! I don’t need that much attention!” Bucky raises an eyebrow. Tony huffs and turns away. “Yeah, yeah, okay. Maybe I do.”
“Are you being serious right now?” Clint finally asks, voice thick with disbelief. Natasha jabs him sharply in the side with her elbow, making his mouth snap tightly shut.
Tony releases the breath he’d been holding. “Okay, then. I’ll leave you two alone, but, uh, thanks for hearing me out,” he mutters.
Steve’s jaw works and he opens it, but nothing comes out and he slumps, defeated. “Do you have any idea how that feels?” he whispers, finally, and Bucky feels his heart drop.
Clint looks at him over the counter skeptically. “Really? Dude, this is the second time. Something’s up.”
Steve doesn’t sleep that night, but he does think. A lot. By the end of it, he’s decided several things. One, it’s silly to be afraid to look at his own drawings, his own memories. It’s true that when he had first drawn them it had been somewhat therapeutic; one of his desperate attempts to reconcile what memories he had, in hope of making sense of the crazy new world he had woken up in.
. Dr Mathilda, she had gone on to explain, was better, but not by much. She was a licensed professional, not a character in a Roald Dahl book.
It’s been a couple of days since Bucky went and got Tony his lemons, and a month since he Opened the Sketchbook. It’s been one month too many, but Bucky’s glad for it. It’s given him time to think. To mull over where everything went to shit. He thinks he’s got it, now. He thinks he understands.
He stumbles slightly when he reaches the first step, but Steve’s hand settles between his shoulder blades, steadying him, and he’s able to pick his way up the stone flight with no further problems. There’s another small hall at the top of the stairs, and, once again, Bucky stumbles from the change in evenness. Steve grabs his shoulder to keep from falling forwards this time, and Bucky mumbles a “thank you” as he's righted by the strong hand.
“No,” Bucky hisses. “What the fuck were you thinking? You left him when he needed you, Steve. You left him pregnant and
He ducks out of the way, hovering a small distance away from the robot as it falls to its knees with a resounding crash, the girl’s expression clearly panicked. He aims carefully at the center of the giant and blasts it with his repulsors, watching with no small amount of glee as it powers down.
he stayed home from school, bedridden, to reveal a flushed Bucky Barnes, breathing heavily and usually clutching his homework in one hand and bag in the other, in too much of a hurry to stow things properly.
The familiar crackling of the comm starting in his ear is comforting, as much as Tony is loath to admit it.
“I think it’s just been a while,” Tony says. He cuddles back into Bucky’s chest. “God, I feel like a high schooler again, finishing so fast.”
“Well, there’s isn’t,” Tony snaps, finally at his end. “Now, will you please get out? I can’t focus when you’re just acting all harried in my peripheral vision.”
As he got more confident and began to see it as less of a forced activity and more an enjoyable one, he even brought his yellow one to the breakfast table and drew calmly while Bruce made breakfast, although he very carefully placed himself in the corner away from everybody else, his back angled to the wall so they couldn’t see what he was doing. Clint asked to see a couple of times, and Steve could tell Bucky wanted to, but he never did, which Steve was grateful for. Clint just eventually stopped asking.
Clint’s jaw has full-on dropped, and Bruce is looking a little green around the gills, literally. Thor looks slightly disapproving, Sam is very, very confused, and Natasha is, as always, completely unreadable, but he thinks he doesn’t imagine the minuscule furrow of her eyebrows that means she’s calculating something. He’s not scared. He isn’t.
He watches as Clint and Natasha jump out of the quinjet, tucking and rolling onto the roof of a building. Thor swings his hammer, clocking one square on the top so it drops with a mournful buzz, shattering against the asphalt, goo seeping into the sidewalk. Steve drops out of the quinjet last, hurling his shield and taking out five at once, before giving direction to Natasha to get the sample for Bruce.
” calls the voice again, it sounds urgent now, and Bucky struggles to return to where this person is, tries to tear himself away from playing in the hose, because the person is in
If you don’t think you can read this chapter safely but you still want to read the next chapters to finally see our boys get together, etc etc, please go directly to the comments and ask me for a summary. I was going to put it in the endnote, but the endnote is already atrociously long as it is. I will be happy to condense the information as best I can for you :)
Tony nods happily and leans back against the couch. “Twenty-five weeks along,” he says, happy the conversation has changed subjects. He’s done talking about Steve, thank you very much.
He takes the stairs to his room instead of the elevators, even taking them two at a time. He wants to go fast, but he wants to work for it. There’s a single cardboard box laid out on his bed, sealed with glossy transparent packing tape that makes the brown material look like it’s been covered in resin. He shoves the box between his knees and cuts a slit down the center of the box with his fingernail, opening it carefully.
He’d like to stay here, he really would, but the clock hanging on the wall informs him that it’s fast approaching six-thirty, also known as:
He cries himself to sleep that night, sheets fisted in his hands, breathing in deep breath after deep breath, trying valiantly to smell the man he loves among the sheets, knowing he never will.
, Steve sits back, panting a little. Helpless laughter breaks through his lips as Bucky glares at him in between wheezes, gaze promising murder.
Steve’s already there, facing away from him when he finally goes outside. The day is slightly colder than it’s been so far, but he doesn’t shiver, not even when a sudden breeze sweeps beneath their coats as Steve does. Super soldiers run hot, he knows, so it wasn’t for show. Steve really is cold.
After he towels himself off, he takes a deep breath and forces himself to open his drawers once more, this time one at a time instead of all at once. He starts with a shirt, and pulls a plain gray one over his head, wincing uncomfortably when it fits a shade too snug over his chest. He pulls on his familiar black jacket and grabs a pair of plain jeans.
Steve catches him studiously looking away and gives him a crooked smile, one that Bucky knows if he wasn’t already sitting down would make his knees weak. “Like what you see?” he asks, eyebrows wiggling.
Oh, God. He went and fell hopelessly in love with this man, and now Steve was across the country, chasing his long-lost best friend, a man who’d been presumed dead for seventy years but still held a fonder place in Steve’s heart that Tony would ever have, if he had one at all.
“It’s not a piece of junk!” Tony blurts. He shakes his head. “It is a very sophisticated blend of traditional mechanics and engineering and biomechanics, one that took me two weeks of nearly nonstop work to create it. In fact…” he trails off and turns to root through a drawer on his left. When he looks up, Bucky is grinning at him.
For the last few minutes, however, he’s been watching Tony. Tony, whose hands are moving slower than usual, whose eyes are so sunken in and practically dripping with purple bags, who keeps shifting half-heartedly every couple of minutes, as if his back was in pain.
A large square shelving unit with cubicles and drawers for clothes and diapers sits in the corner of the room, painted in green and yellow with some more wildflowers dotted throughout. The top has a changing pad already set up, although the cover isn’t on it yet; it’d only collect dust. That’s where the purple platypus, Bucky bear, and other six mismatched creatures sit now in a sea of odd features and colors and names.
Bucky clears his throat and looks away. “Lemons?” he says, and Tony’s eyebrows shoot up, but he respectfully backs away and gives Bucky his space.
Regardless of the saliva, it only takes the faint hint of rosemary to hit his olfactory senses and he’s sprinting to the trash can, retching and gagging. Steve watches him like he always does when this happens, with a tight look around his eyes and a clenched jaw, almost like he’s watching his nightmare come to life. Tony doesn’t know how to approach him about it, so he doesn’t.
Tony thinks to himself that he should say he’s Bucky Barnes, part of the Howling Commandos and national icon, but he catches it just before it slips out of his mouth.
Bucky clenches his jaw, looks away, and reminds himself that it isn’t Tony’s fault. None of this is. He just wants the truth, he wants to hear his boyfriend’s side of the story. Still, it’s in a carefully measured tone of voice that he answers. It’s the knowledge that this might be the end of them that keeps him from going over and shaking the man upfront.
His heart begins to beat faster, and the fingers on his right hand start to twitch, yearning for something to twist between them. So asking for a phone is out.
him to be drinking? Natasha shakes her head and removes her hand from his back. “What’s going on, Tony? You’re not sick, are you? You haven’t been drugged?”
Bucky freezes his feverish flipping through the pages and stares at one, taking in every detail hungrily. It’s a simple portrait of Tony leaning against a countertop casually, in a
Bucky takes a deep breath. “I don’t know if I can let him go,” he says, and by this point, Tony’s heart has sunk so low, it’s in his shoes. “But here’s the thing,” he whispers, and leans down, lightning quick, to place a feather light kiss on Tony’s lips. It feels like cardboard.
“Care to share with the class?” Natasha had asked. Clint was looking at him curiously, an expression that was probably mirrored by Sam. Thor was back in Asgard and would be for a while, and Bruce hadn’t noticed a thing, too engrossed in his book. Steve…
The problem is, however, that it was so heart-wrenchingly obvious that the artist was falling in love with the muse, or already there.
“Well, I don’t know if you noticed, but it’s very…” he licks his lips, wondering how to phrase his next comment so it comes off as sultry, instead of creepy. “...private. Nice place to go and let off some steam, if you know what I mean.” He inwardly cringes because, okay, smooth.
Steve throws his head back and laughs, and Bucky can’t help but watch him. He doesn’t laugh, himself, he can’t, but he also can’t help the way his eyes trace the column of Steve’s throat, the immaculate jawline.
Still, Steve politely thanks the psychologist and goes back to the main part of the Tower, where his room is. He, Bucky, and Tony probably need to talk. But first, all he wants is a shower, as hot as he can stand it.
They’re in Tony’s lab, and for the last few hours, he’s been tinkering with a motorcycle engine, taking it apart and putting it back together again rhythmically. Tony says that once he can do it with his eyes closed he’ll make him a motorcycle, with custom features. Bucky wants a motorcycle, especially one from Tony because it’s bound to have all sorts of cool gadgets and things it can do.
He tightens his hold on Tony and relaxes against him, tucking Tony’s head neatly under his chin and burying his face in soft black hair. He wonders if having someone to fight for would help him, ground him. Steve is too big, he can take care of himself, and Bucky knows he would catch on to what Bucky was trying to do at the drop of a hat, and probably not very kindly, at that.
Bucky laughed hollowly, and Steve hated the sound with a burning passion, hated the emptiness of it, hated how it sounded like Bucky was
Curiosity winning over his need to be punctual, Bucky wanders over and picks it up, turning it in his hands. It’s some kind of notebook, the spine cracked and the cover well-worn.
It was freeing to have something for himself, something he could do. Steve found that one thing he enjoyed especially was stuffing some sketchbooks into a bag slung over his shoulder and then going for a walk with them.
Bucky traces his hands lightly over the delicate petals of the wildflowers Natahsa’s started painting along one wall, admiring the colors silently.
When he’s done he closes the book and stares at the plain blue cover for a long time, shakingly convincing himself to do what he’s done so many times before: reach for the red sketchbook, open it, and pour over every page. This one is nearly as worn as the previous, though not because it was opened so frequently. In fact, Steve has only drawn in this particular sketchbook five times, but each time has spent hours carefully filling the blank pages. This one holds pencil sketchings of long lines and compact muscles, watercolors of whiskey brown eyes staring off into the distance, vibrant drawings done in pastels of bright, bright red and captivating gold.
Bucky carefully rounds the bed until he can see Steve’s face, and notices the heavy bags under his eyes and the thin line of his mouth.
Bucky finally leaves Steve’s room after another half hour, covered in spongy white stuff, his clothes in disarray and his hair a mess.
She pauses for a second, looks at her notes. “There is the slight possibility that this is just the leftover violence from the Soldier making itself known, but you said you didn’t feel him…” She sighs again. “We just don’t know, Mr Barnes, I’m sorry.”
, it’s resting on Tony’s shoulder, rubbing it soothingly, and belatedly Bucky wonders what that’s all about…
He stalks to the back of the room, disappearing behind the door. Tony looks after him, hands on his hips. He sighs. What even is his life.
“Sorry, Tony,” Bucky mutters, running a tired hand through his hair and wincing slightly when his fingers pass over the tender spot. “Guess I wasn’t paying attention.”
Steve isn’t naive enough to think that meant he had any sort of chance, and besides, Tony and Bucky are together, but maybe the opportunity for a tentative friendship’s on the line?
This chapter is hella boring, but could also be potentially triggering, so same trigger warnings apply as last week folks!
Then again, it was never Tony that didn’t like Steve. Tony’s loved him since the first time he saw the spangly man on the quinjet, standing up straight with his hands behind his back, nearly perfectly in parade rest, that stupid shield slung across his back. He was just so big and blond and perfect, and when he’d opened his mouth, revealing a sharp tongue that could strategize better than a chess master? Tony was already gone.
Armed with instructions, Bucky reenters Steve’s room, crossing the floor to pull open the curtains. Light floods the room, washing everything in the bright yellow of the midday sun, and Steve hisses. Bucky pays no mind and very gently pulls the covers away from Steve’s chin a bit, muttering to his friend all the while.
Howard would always glance at him sharply after these requests, because Tony was meant to be seen and not heard, but ultimately comply. Howard never really could resist talking about the sons he wished he had.
His arm doesn’t work. It’s a fucking deadweight. He tries in vain to rotate his shoulder out from where the arm is trapped under his body, but it doesn’t move. Tony had planned for this, he knew, told him that there was some sort of switch that will kill the whole thing and remove it…
Clint’s voice is uncharacteristically gentle when he carefully pulls Bucky to his side, holding him up with a muscled arm around the waist. “I’m going to need you to stay with me, Barnes. C’mon, let's get you to a car.”
“Yeah, I didn’t think so either,” Tony mumbles. “Would probably fall and crack my head open, or something.”
Steve takes a step forward, crowding Tony’s space the tiniest bit more. Unconsciously, he takes a step back, his back hitting the cold ceramic tiles of the white room as he encounters the wall.
“What? Why? Bruce, is it dangerous?” Steve demands, immediately snapping back into his role as their team leader.
lmao i have no idea how to write kidnappings or escape plans, but the idea of Bucky with some black stilettos in his hands just felt right
Bucky chuckles at that, and a rumbling feeling of happiness shoots through Tony’s heart. Jesus, he’s falling fast.
Also, thank you so much for the comments and kudos from last week's chapter, y'all keep the world spinning :) Also, I updated the summary to make it a little more relevant.
Tony refuses to leave Bucky’s side, and as soon as they’re let into Steve’s room the next morning, Steve’s side, too.
