Dean removed one of his hands from Castiel’s hips in favor of wrapping it around his leaking cock. He began stroking to the same fast pace of Castiel’s hips, twisting his wrist every few upstrokes, causing Castiel to shake above him.
Dean didn’t realize how upset he had gotten until a hand was wrapped around the wrist he was using to draw and he heard Castiel’s quiet voice, “You’re gonna ruin it.”
“Ahh, Daddy issues. Hey, you can join our club! We are still debating on the name of it but you’re welcome to join.”
Dean’s eyebrow shot up and he couldn’t help but think of how Charlie was going to freak out when she found out that Cas was
“I’m sure you were, Mr. Pizzaman,” answered Mr. Devereaux in a sarcastic way, which had the most of the class laughing.
Castiel gave a small chuckle, surging forward to claim Dean’s lips. “Why, Doctor Winchester,” he said with a laugh, “is this one of those in the moment proclamations, like the first time you told me you loved me?”
, when it came to pies, but hiding was a little extreme. “I was trying to hear what Luc was saying with how everything was going while I was moving the pie from that box, and it just fell apart when I wasn’t looking.”
“Fair is fair,” Castiel whispered as he toyed with the hem of Dean’s shirt, waiting for permission before removing it and tossing it in the general vicinity of where Dean had flung his.
“Bobby loaned her to me for the night,” said Dean before giving his mom a kiss on the cheek. “Thanks for cleaning up my room. I will make it up to you later, I promise.”
“No! It’s not. I only heard the end of that he was saying and it was not alright,” Castiel argued and Dean could tell that he really meant what he was saying. But how much had Castiel heard? Had he heard about Dean liking him or just that Dean was gay? Maybe he hadn’t even heard that…
“Cas. I knew. Baby was in the garage when you came in with your car. Nobody that knows something about cool cars, walks past her without saying something.“ said Dean laughing.
“Ai!” Dean’s eyes shut opened as he jumped. “Did you just bite me?” It wasn’t hard by any means but it had taken him by surprise.
He nodded as Jo informed him of the male victim’s condition as well as the latest vital signs. The patient in question was screaming in agony in between begging for something for the pain. Another nurse whose name eluded Dean, was going over which medication had already been given and when. Dean shut his eyes for a moment, thinking. The patient, whose name was Chuck, should’ve begun feeling relief, even if had just taken the edge off the pain. It was obvious Chuck wasn’t feeling anything. So many ideas ran through Dean’s mind. He had to find the appropriate treatment for whatever was happening.
The wall in front of him was littered with photos of him growing up. He was alone in most of them, but a few had him with his mom, Bobby, or friends. He let his eyes scan from the football game photo to the next, a picture taken the same day with him sound asleep and wearing the cap Bobby had gotten him. He’d long outgrown it, but it was still hanging up in his room.
“Alright.” Dean led him down the next aisle, slowing his pace so Castiel could peruse the trees here. Sam had already filled most of the spots that had emptied from that morning, and Dean had to admit he was impressed at how well his brother functioned before coffee. Why Sam insisted that they be out here and open at eight A.M. was beyond him. But, as Dean glanced over, watching Castiel’s profile as he turned his face up towards the sun to look at the tops of the pines, eight A.M. was worth it.
Doctors Winchester and Novak are caught sharing a moment in an empty corridor by none other than the head of the department.
Castiel smiled, lifting a hand and running his fingers through Dean’s hair. He hummed softly, letting his eyes fall closed again and settling into the warmth Dean’s body provided. They had five minutes, possibly ten if the commercials were entertaining enough, and Castiel was going to take every second he could.
?” she asked in a panic. “Are you sure he’s gonna be okay? What did they say? Have you seen him? What room is he in?”
"You wanna take a look for yourself?" Coach Turner snapped as he handed Sam the sign-up sheet. At the bottom of the sheet, where Sam had originally written his name, was now
“He’s going to have no teeth by the time he’s four,” Castiel grumbled in agreement, smiling as he felt Dean laughing against him. “Speaking of, please tell me you didn’t feed him leftover pie for breakfast.”
Right before they arrived at Dean’s house, Castiel interrupted Dean, who had been telling Castiel about which teachers were fun and which weren’t. “Dean I have a confession to make. I know nothing about cars. The only reason I said something about the Impala, is because Jo told me that if I wanted to get you to like me, that was the easiest way. I’m sorry, I tried to trick you.”
“Does Claire seem down to you?” asked Castiel as took down a box marked by Gabriel to check it’s contents. “She keeps saying she’s fine, but I can tell something is bothering her.”
“This is a Douglas Fir,” Dean answered, spinning it gently as Castiel surveyed the bottom. “They both are, actually. This one is a little taller, but the one over there has a wider base. I wasn’t sure about the space you’re setting it up in.”
Was that Cas' voice? Dean elbowed his way through the crowd waiting for seats and sidled up to Cas. "Everything okay?"
Biting her lip, Jo looked over to Benny, silently asking for permission. After a short time Benny let out a long breath before saying, “Fine, go ahead. They are never going to give up asking so lets just get it over with.”
“He’s totally gonna do that, isn’t he?” Dean said as he handed her phone back before he started helping Charlie putting everything where it belonged.
When Castiel went to close the door, he heard John ask in a low voice, “You said he was gonna be alright, right?”
Before Dean could tell them to shut the hell up, “Castiel!” was heard called out over the room. Dean, Castiel, and Benny all had to turn around to see Sam standing on the other side of the room and he did not look happy.
Dean tagged along as Sam gave Cas a quick tour and Lucifer took the pie into the kitchen. Sam left them in the living room and went to fix a salad while Luc put the meat on the grill, refusing Dean and Cas’ offers for help.
“It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas,” Dean whisper sang, earning himself a smack on the ass as he ran up the stairs, Castiel close behind him.
Honestly, who ever said Charlie wasn't scary had obviously never met her when she had her mind set on something.
Hoping that the next entire would give him answers and not just more questions, Dean continued reading.
“Probably not,” Castiel replied with a small smile. He took a look around the foyer and turned his gaze back to Sam. “Your place looks nice, please don’t let Luc ruin it.”
Dean leaned forward, kissing Castiel’s throat, his chest, as his fingers circled Castiel’s pucker. He reveled in every gasp and moan Castiel let out, the way his hips rolled, torn between pressing against Dean’s chest and rocking back onto his fingers.
As Dean crossed over the room towards Benny, Castiel must have realized Dean wasn’t going to sit beside him because a sad look, one that Dean hoped to never see again, came over his face. Before Dean could change his mind, Charlie plopped down in the seat beside Cas and Jo plopped down in the seat on the free couch. Dean sighed and sat next to her.
“Yeah, I haven’t had the time to read them until now and I want to read the book before I watch the TV show,” answered Sam, then his eyes widened. “Have you read them? If so, don’t tell me what happens!”
Dean tried to cover it up by clearing his throat, but Castiel was certain of what he had heard. He made a mental note to see if he could elicit that sound from him again.
“That depends on what you mean by here. I’m on my way back home from a business conference and I saw you called about twenty times. Is everything alright?” she asked with slight worry in her voice. “If you’re looking for Dean he’s not with me.”
Dean gave a small laugh and closed the distance between them, pressing his lips to Cas’ and pulling him closer in favor of answering. As Castiel kissed him back, deepening their kiss, Dean knew Castiel didn’t mind the silence one bit.
He knew Cas was right. His priority focus should be on the accident victims they were rushing around to get to and not on appearances of them arriving together. But when had timing ever been his strong suit? “No, you’re right. You’re right,” Dean agreed softly, feeling slightly embarrassed. What if Cas now saw him as being selfish and uncaring? Those weren’t the qualities a good doctor had.
Beside him, Gabriel's wife Kali cut him off from where she was feeding their two year old Leigha, "He adds enough rum for you to drink it."
“Sure,” answered Luc, sharing a concerned look with the other two as he stepped away from the table.
Dean looked at Cas, who just shrugged in response. Before either of them could do anything else, Gabe piped up from where he was leaning against the counter
want to know all about Castiel – where he worked, what he did for fun, what were some of his quirks – he felt comfortable letting the conversation happen naturally.
“Well, since you asked so nicely…” Mary said sarcastically before making her way to his bed. After moving some of the stuff Dean had thrown on top of it out of the way, she sat down. “I can’t help you if I don’t know what the occasion is.”
While Dean had set up the movie, Benny and Ash disappeared into the kitchen to put away some of the drinks they’d brought into the fridge. They returned with a drink for everyone and Ash squinted in the space before saying, "Hey! Why don't we have the usually set..."
“No! You can do it and you have nothing to be sorry about. If anyone is sorry, it’s me. Last night didn’t quite go as I had hoped. If I had known about you and Sam, I never would have brought him last night.”
Dean saw Castiel smile at that and he found himself smiling back. He watched as Cas quickly moved around the room, gathering up some clothes and nodding at Dean as he slipped back out of the room to give him privacy.
“Panicked and started imagining the worst, no matter how crazy it was?” asked Charlie, with a knowing look on her face. “Relax, I
He was still half awake when he heard Castiel come into the room. When he opened one eye, he saw Cas standing at the door with his arms full of Dean’s clothes and looking at Dean with a fond look on his face.
Dean was asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow, his legs twisted with Castiel's and his arm thrown over Castiel's chest.
“No, I was looking for, um,” he fumbles with the clipboard in his hands just to give himself something to do. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to interrupt.”
“Honey. Luc convinced me that the bees in our garden wouldn’t stab me if I was covered in honey. I was a disappointed six-year-old when it didn’t work,” said Cas with a chuckle. “I swear I was sticky for weeks. Our mother was furious.”
“Castiel,” the man replied as he slipped his hand free. “I’m here looking for a tree.” He suddenly blushed scarlet and appeared interested in the tree he’d been holding, staring deep into its branches. “Which, I’m sure you are too, since we’re standing in a tree lot.”
“Apparently, the only way to get him to come is if you go too. Castiel wants to be there, I know he does. He just doesn’t want to bail on someone if he’s already made plans. So,
“Boys, be nice. I invited him after all,” said Sam as he walked up behind them. “Just make sure you don’t touch anything,” Sam spoke in Dean’s direction, dropping his voice so only his friends could hear. “
They nodded together, falling silent and listening to the sounds of their family and the soft crooning of the classic Christmas music playing over Alexa.
Once their relationship had passed three months, Castiel spent the next few weeks holding his breath, waiting for the inevitable falling out. He wouldn’t admit it, not out loud, but he clung to Dean just a little harder. When six months came and went, they were packing a U-haul with all of Dean’s belongings, all of their friends helping them move into Castiel’s house with the promise of pizza and beer.
Dean chuckled, waving an arm to the side. “Well, you definitely came to the right place for a ‘real’ tree. Does she have something against the fake ones?”
“His parents are going through a rough spot and Sam is just worried they might get divorced. Apparently, his dad is supposedly still in love with his ex or something... To make matters worse, there is some kid at school who keeps rubbing it in… Why are you laughing? I know he was rude to you but that no reason to…”
Castiel put the satchel down on the couch before continuing into the kitchen, the air around him suggesting he knew that Dean was following. He reached into a cabinet, bringing out two cups and putting one in front of a Keurig. Then he reached for a rotating stand, grabbing a couple of K-cups. “How do you take yours?”
“It’s not your fault. In fact, Frank never should have done that. He just keeps trying to teach his students that everything they put on the internet stays there forever and that they might not be the only one affected by it.”
“Believe me, I don’t want to be the one to do this. However, Principal Crowley asked me to. Besides, you only have yourself to blame. Or at least Balthazar and Meg do. Getting caught doing it in a classroom, what were you thinking?”
“She was doing really well, until she wasn’t. I didn’t understand what was going on at the time, but now that I’m older… I’m pretty sure she got septic. They didn’t catch it in time, and well,” he trailed off, glancing sideways at Castiel. “We know how that goes.”
“No, they are all idiots, just in a different way. Jimmy was the only slightly decent one and that was mostly because of Amelia,” said Castiel with a chuckle. If the lack of noise around him was any indication, he must’ve gone upstairs to his bedroom in order to speak with him in peace and quiet.
“Sure you don’t! I haven’t seen you smile so much since a certain someone started school. Now spill, what happened?” demanded Charlie from across the table, not offended by Dean’s bad table manners.
“Yeah, Coach Turner needed some time off, so the school decided to ask ‘dear old, Dad’ to teach all of Coach’s classes,” replied Dean, his voice so low that Mary almost missed it.
Five minutes before closing, Dean’s feets could be seen sticking out from under his beloved car when Castiel and Bobby walked in.
Dean felt himself blush. “It’s been… a while,” he answered honestly. Dean flung the condom into the bedside trashcan and picked up the wrapper,  flipping it over. “Apparently, almost two years a while…”
“I’m sure it won’t be long now,” answered Gabriel.,“and I don’t think you pacing will change that, so why don’t you sit down?”
much faster. As he turned onto his street, the anticipation in his stomach swirled up, making his hands start to sweat. He had a brief moment to wonder if he’d even made his damn bed before he left to pick Cas up before he was parked and Castiel was hauling himself across the seat and pressing his lips to Dean’s throat.
Charlie slid Dean's almost empty container of chicken salad back to him before pushing back from the table and leaving Dean to the rest of his dinner.
“We haven’t even done anything yet,” Dean replied with a laugh, turning to the side and taking Cas down the path.
With a deep sigh Mary put the plate back in front of him and sat down on the bed, making sure not to disturb Dean’s legs. “Do you hate it there? If you want, you can change schools or we could take your grandparent’s offer and move closer to them.”
Sam is the only person down here, looking nervous and hopeful, sitting at the only table without chairs stacked on it. When he sees Dean, he breaks out into a huge smile, and Dean’s heart aches. He flicks his eyes back at the stairway. He could still make a break for it.
Castiel cocked his head, knowing he’s heard the name mentioned before, but not being able to place it.
Dean couldn’t read the expression Cas was giving him, but he was sure that his silent freak had just been the biggest cock block in the universe, and he was going to be fired even without fucking his boss.
“I am being a great salesman, actually,” Dean argued, glaring at Sam. “I am helping Castiel pick out a tree.”
thought Dean. Before Dean could answer him, the door next to them opened and students filled the hall. “Can we talk about this later? I don’t want to have this discussion here in school... I have a detention after school this week, but other than that I’m free.”
“--Jo Harvelle--” The name broke through Dean’s subconscious and he looked over, sharing a smile with Benny. They both knew Jo was better than most of the boys in their class and were looking forward to playing with her in the extra class since she was in a different gym class than they were. Dean, unfortunately caught the next name, too. Alastair Heyerdahl. Jo was going to
When they finished the lap, John was finishing telling the rest of the class that they would be playing basketball for the remaining time. Dean wasn’t surprised when John picked Lucifer and Alastair as team captains and told them to pick six people each for their teams.
He lifted his head to see Dean slip inside, a small, apologetic smile on his lips. He crossed the room, still in his sweats and a t-shirt from sleep, and climbed onto the bed.
Dean nodded to the tree Castiel had been admiring. “Looking at this one?” he asked as he stepped closer, reaching through the thick branches to wrap his gloved hand around the trunk. Castiel took half a step back, allowing Dean to yank the tree upright and plunk it down in the center of the makeshift aisle. Dean spun it slowly, watching Castiel watch the tree. “What do you think?”
Jo trailed after her, a lot calmer than Charlie. “Finally, Charlie has been driving me crazy with plan D.E.S.T.I.E.L.”
First of all, I'd really like to apologize for the late chapter. I was supposed to get this done by 13th, but real life has been a bitch lately and I just couldn't.
“Likewise,” Dean replied, giving her a smile before nodding at Claire. Claire was now standing on the ground, but had her arm linked through her uncle’s, tugging him forward.
Dean chuckled and nodded. “Yeah, I was planning on it. As long as that’s okay with you?” He glanced up and saw Amelia smiling over her shoulder at Cas. He cleared his throat and looked back down at Claire. “Do you want to help me make hot chocolate?”
Dean blinks, aware that he’s smiling like a moron, but unable to really stop it. Sam punches him in the arm. “Well, now that I know you’re interested in him, you should probably ask Cas out. I think he has an enormous crush.”
“No, please stay. All of you! I mean, you already changed your plans to be here,” Dean forced a smile as he looked at Sam. He had to give his brother some credit for how fast he masked his shocked expression. But Dean still saw it. Now, if only his friends could wipe the shocked looks off of their faces, that would be great. “We just weren’t expecting so many people! But it’s fine, we can make room for all of you.”
“I am too,” Castiel answered back, just as soft. The air between them grew heavy again, hot, and there was a moment’s pause before Dean surged up and captured Castiel’s lips again. He licked inside the warm, wet heat of Cas’ mouth, his hands trailing from Castiel’s shoulders down to his hips, and Castiel reached behind himself to reach for Dean’s cock.
“You’re welcome. Now, I wished I had time to eat with you, but I have to go and get everything ready at the store. I’ll see you tonight, right?” Since Dean had his mouth stuffed full, all she got was a nod from him in answer. “Great! Love you, honey. Bye!”
“Cas, I think they gave me too much drugs,” muttered Dean, staring down at the IV in his arm with a confused look on his face. If the circumstances had been different, Cas would have thought it was adorable. “I think I just heard my-- nevermind,” Dean added and Cas could have sworn he sounded sad.
“Yeah, Cas said he was going to give you a pass for this. Good thing, too, or I’d have to have taken some drastic measures.”
just quit at his regular time. He promised he could work overtime the day after or even the whole next weekend. He offered just about everything to be able to go on the date with Castiel, not that he told Bobby about it or anything. He would never hear the end of it if Bobby found out that he had a date. Turned out he didn’t need to do any of that because the first chance Bobby got, he told Dean to “shut up”, “stop beggin’”, and “I expect you to make it up later”.
“No, that’s not why I’m laughing, trust me,” said Dean as he tried to stop laughing since it was upsetting Cas.
Dude! Charlie thinks you hate her now. She trying to get us to planning a flash mob to say we’re sorry. Please do us all a favor and at least answer her.
Sam looks into his coffee for a long moment, breathing through the sudden swell of emotion. “I understand wanting to isolate yourself,” he starts softly, swallowing hard before he continues, “I get it, I do, but I’m just asking that you… don’t. Don’t pull away. It hurts more not having you around. If you want to wallow in it, just- can you do it and still be my brother?”
“Yes, yes, yes!” Castiel repeated the mantra as he rode Dean erratically. Castiel’s nails dug into the meat of Dean’s shoulders, the thought of Dean pumping him full of his come making him groan. He was in sensation overload, the feel of Dean’s cock driving against his prostate and the feel of Dean’s hand stroking him at a maddening pace.
“When I was a kid, we didn’t really have holiday celebrations,” Dean started softly. “Sam and I did what we could… we lost our mom when we were young, and Dad was deployed a lot until he retired. Christmases just weren’t the same without him around, and whoever we were staying with would try but…” Dean shook his head. “When he was home, Dad was too busy with the shop and Sam and I told him we didn’t need a big celebration. A good home cooked meal and having Dad home was enough for us both.
“Mr. Winchester, have a seat, I don’t have all day,” said Crowley impatiently. Sam quickly took a seat and crossed his hands in his lap. “Finally! Now why don’t you tell me where you were last evening?”
Dean involved. But the actual prospect of doing it? Or worrying since he woke up at the ass crack of dawn and started furiously cleaning Cas’ house as if it being slightly messy would be an inflection on
Dean nodded, recognizing the woman ushering her three small children towards the drink table, their excitement that their Dad would be home for Christmas this year bleeding over to everyone they passed. He’d been deployed for more Christmases than their kids could remember.
a few of Charlie’s books in the past and read them. He liked them quite a lot, actually, but he wasn’t about to let his friends know about it. It was kind of his guilty pleasure. He had even bought two of his favorite books and they were now well hidden in his bedroom, far better hidden than his porn magazines. He wasn’t really worried that his friends would ever find the books, either. Benny and Ash had learned their lesson when they had gone through his room looking for porn. Why they thought he would have some magazines with naked girls in the first place was beyond him. They stopped looking after that and Dean quickly learned that it was just better to let the girls know where they were instead of letting them tear through his room looking.
But, he can do it, for Sam. He still thought that out of the two of them, Eileen should’ve been the one to survive for Sam, but if his brother wanted him in his life? Well, if that’s what he needs. Wiping away a tear, he nods and clears his throat. “Fine, okay. Yes. I can do that, but... one condition.”
Realizing he just shoved his foot in his mouth, and half ass flirted with someone who is his boss’ boss, Dean hurried out the door before he could make even more of a fool out of himself.
When Dean woke up the next morning, he expected to be wrapped in Cas’ arms, but instead, he woke up alone with Cas’ side of the bed cold; indicating that he had been up for a while. Dean shook his head and shrugged off the disappointment he felt at waking alone- Cas had no reason to stay until Dean woke up, they weren’t boyfriends or anything, and the guy probably had better things to do than wait for Dean to get up anyway. Although, Dean began to wonder, what would it have been like if they
Charlie wrote down a time and place on a piece of paper before handing it to Castiel. “You can bring him if you like. The more the merrier, right?” whispered Charlie.
“I can meet you at your mom’s cafe after your detention, if you like,” offered Castiel with his head tilted slightly to the side and his eyes never leaving Dean’s. “I have some homework that I need to do anyway and I could use the change of scenery to do it. It’s way too loud at home nowadays. Gabriel recently found some rock band that he’s been playing at the highest volume just to annoy Naomi. I’m not even sure he likes the music himself,” he added with a shake of his head.
Castiel cleared his throat and looked down at the wrapper. “When, ah, is the last time you used these?”
“Space isn’t an issue,” Castiel replied as he stopped beside Dean and met the man’s eyes. “Which one would you choose?”
“He sounds like he was a pretty amazing guy,” Dean answered back. “I think he is already proud of you, Cas.”
"I brought you breakfast in bed." Dean chuckled as Cas whipped his head to the side, taking in the now cold coffee and food on the table. Cas leaned up to kiss Dean firmly, before pushing him off and downing half of the coffee in one sip with a happy groan.
“Castiel!” Balthazar’s demeanour suddenly switched to stern and doctor-like. “In case you had forgotten, you’re sick… do you think anyone here would let you risk your health by discharging yourself?”
“No offence, but that’s the dumbest thing I have heard you say.” Before she could say anything back, he continued, “They are never going to forget him, trust me. Besides, I know for a fact that there is a custom made Christmas tree topper with your dad’s name engraved on it somewhere. It was the first thing your uncle bought.”
over him. Even though Castiel had a slightly annoyed look pointed at the camera, you could see he was having fun and did not mind having the girl so close. Dean couldn’t help but get insanely jealous of that girl, even if Castiel was dressed in the most dorkiest clothes ever.
Sam knew his friends, knew that there was no way they would’ve left Dean in an area that he would’ve been found. He assumed that it was Castiel or maybe even Charlie that had found him, which meant… someone had to have tipped them off. Lucifer and Uriel, wouldn’t do that, at least not so soon. They loved scaring people, leaving them in the middle of nowhere with no way home, but they usually sent someone the next day to check and bring them back to town. After they bragged about it, of course. Sam had no idea how they’d gotten away with it for so long.
They decided to go check what the others wanted to do first, since Dean would have to dust of the Impala if he went, and Castiel didn’t want him going out in the snow only to end up playing one of Cas’ after all. Since Dean’s games had a bit more adventure-style then the ones Cas had, the kids decided that they wanted to try one of those. After reassuring the adults that he
Dean cleared his throat and nodded his head, getting out of the car and meeting Castiel around the back. “This way,” he said, holding out his arm for Cas to take and leading them around the back of the garage. He’d laid the two trees against the back door for Castiel to look at and he reluctantly slipped away from Cas’ side to pick up the first tree and hold it out.
It was well after midnight when Dean pulled the Impala into the driveway in front of his house. Since Castiel had left his car at Dean’s place, he went with Dean to pick it up instead of Dean leaving him at his house. The two of them sat there for awhile, talking, neither of them wanting the date to end. Castiel’s hand felt perfect resting in his own.
Castiel didn’t say anything for awhile, just sat there and watched Dean. Dean was just about to ask again when Castiel answered, “Charlie told me where I might find you. Luckily for me, this was my first stop. Have you talk to her since last night?”
Castiel smiled as he pulled his legs back up onto the couch, smoothing the knitted blanket he'd received from Amelia over his feet. Dean was laying on the floor in front of him, already groaning about how he was "never going to be able to get up off this floor", playing
“I don’t know, but I’m taking a video camera with me tomorrow just in case,” answered Jo without even trying to keep her voice low. It wasn’t the reaction that Dean wanted, but it didn’t surprise him that all his friends did was laugh when he gave them the finger.
“Well, I got this strange phone call yesterday. It was some boy who wanted to take this other boy he liked out on a date but thought his car wasn’t ‘good enough’. How he got that impression is beyond me.” Bobby paused and threw the rag over his shoulder, raising his eyebrow with a smug smirk. “Anything you want to tell me?”
Balthazar snaps his face in front of his face. “Earth to Winchester. Good grief, if I didn’t know better I’d say you were a teenager with a crush.”
“And I was so looking forward to tasting the perfect Winchester pie I’ve heard so much about,” said Luc, with an all too knowing smile that he shared with Castiel.
“Fair enough,” Sam shrugged as he took the folder and put it back into his schoolbag. When he went to close it, Charlie saw a corner of a book between all of Sam’s schoolbooks. Charlie was pretty sure it was the same book she had in her bookshelf at home.
“Yeah. She’s cleaning up in the back,” said Mary before she turned her attention back to Mrs. Tran and her order and Dean made his way to the back.
“You look a lot like her. I mean, Sam gets his looks from John, but I can’t see anything from him in you. You get everything from her. Which might be why I didn’t believe at first that you two were brothers, you don’t really look alike,” said Castiel looking at Dean like he could find the answer to all the world’s problem if he just looked hard enough. “And she’s super nice, just like you! We talked for some time while I was waiting. I didn’t mention knowing you though. It wasn’t like I was trying to hide it, it just didn’t come up,” Castiel added in hurry.
Dean stopped briefly at the nurse’s station to check whether Doctor Novak was still a patient, and got the answer he was hoping for. Before he could get into the room though, he was once again ambushed by his annoying sister.
He and Sam share a smile, then he’s pushing his way through the crowded ER in search of Jo or anyone else who can speed the x-rays along, feeling as though a weight has been lifted off his shoulders in spite of everything.
Castiel laughed again as Dean jumped, the waitress coming up behind him to drop off their check. “Can I get you boys anything else?” she asked, looking between them, and Dean shook his head quickly as he lifted his hips to pull his wallet from his back pocket.
“I know,” Cas nodded, “which is why if it’s already this nice to simply be outside with you? We should do it more.”
“I could say the same to you, jerk.” Sam laughed, shoving at his brother gently, turning back to look over their lot. “Looks like you’re doing more flirting than working.”
Dean chuckled as he stretched his legs out, laying his head against Castiel’s chest and wrapping an arm around his waist. “She
As far as Jo was concerned, she just wanted her mom happy. If Bobby made her happy, she was all for it. She didn't hesitate in letting her mom know that but Ellen would just brush it aside.
Dean throws his free hand up in the air, exasperated, but he does stop. Sam knows him too well. He pulls a deep breath in and lets it out slowly. "How late?"
“Do you think I can talk Principal Crowley into letting me change in the girls changing room from now on? Jo is the only girl in class and I know she wouldn’t mind me being there,” asked Dean.
. Dean really didn’t want to spend his day off doing work stuff; he had better things to do, like sitting in front of his TV all day playing Star Fox. After flipping Charlie off, he made his way up to the ward, and room two-oh-five.
“A month? Great,” said Dean, sarcastically. “I hear Spain is great this time of year! And I think we’ve earned a relaxing trip somewhere, don’t you?”
“Are you sure you’re not gay, Benny? I mean you seem to have put a lot of thought into the boys of this town,” asked Ash before getting a pillow in the face from his friend. “Pillow fight? Really? That’s your defense?”
As it turned out, lunch was easier said than done. No matter how hard they tried, they couldn't work out their schedules—meetings and emergencies kept cropping up out of nowhere. After four days of trying, Cas accosted him in the cafeteria, weekly planner in hand, and they settled on dinner.
Since Dean still wasn’t feeling 100% after the beating he got the day before, he didn’t run as fast as he could. Normally, Dean was a pretty fast runner and had the stamina to run for a long time if he felt like it or needed to. Dean knew for a fact that he could outrun everyone in this class on a good day, most of them even on a bad day. But today, he mostly just stayed with Benny and Jo. Both of them were pretty good runners, especially Jo, so he knew she was slowing down a little bit for him and Benny to keep up.
That made it easier to stop laughing, but the thought that John Winchester could still by in love with his mom was just so funny.
“I guess this is my cue to leave,” Castiel said and Dean wondered if there was really disappointment in his voice or if he imagined it. “I hope you enjoyed the pie. Bye!” And with that, Castiel was gone. He had gone over to the dark side, as Charlie would put it.
"I think so too," Castiel agreed to both statements, lifting his arm and placing it around her shoulders. "He would've hated that Gabriel made bacon for breakfast though-"
When Charlie and Jo came back to check on the boys, they pressed their ears to the door and tried to hear what was going on on the other side.
“What? Why not?” asked Sam as he looked up from his phone so he could look Charlie in the face. He knew why and both of them knew it. He’d been blowing up her phone ever since he got out of the principal’s office, trying to convince her that he had nothing to do with what happened to Dean. He all but begged her to still come over like they’d planned, letting him explain to her in person. She hadn’t answered any of his messages, leaving him on read.
“No!” came Sam’s slightly panicked voice from the kitchen. “I mean yes, just sit back down. Luc, could you come help me a little bit?”
Because of Charlie's reaction, the rest of the group all sat up to try to see who Charlie was taking to. Realizing what they were trying to do, Charlie made sure to not open the door wide enough for Dean to see that his brother standing there with Castiel and Gabriel.
Dean scuffed his boot on the old concrete as Sam rubbed his temples. Jack tilted his head and furrowed his brows further, shuffling ever so closer to the mass on the floor.
“Jack told me about the uh….,” Sam coughed, “So I was trying to find anything on that to see if we could…” He glanced slowly to Dean, and Dean finally noticed that Sam’s eyes seemed to be a bit red and puffy too (and Dean is suddenly hit by the fact that
The hand shape paused, as if recalibrating the space around it, and slowly, the goo started to slough back down, losing the surprising solidness of the limb it had been trying to form.
He released the video timeline and set his hands in his lap as he leaned forward. The audio on the video was bad, but he could still mostly make out what was being said through the staticky voices. (
Sam stared at Dean instead of going back to reading, his eyebrows slightly upturned in that “I’m not trying to look worried, but I totally am” way. Cas made a particularly loud sip.
“Cas…,” Dean breathed lowly, knees bent and approaching the angel like he would a wild animal, “Is there something wrong with your hand?”
“Good morning, Dean,” Cas tapped at the top of the counter. Dean turned around and handed Cas one of the mugs, slightly chipped but clean as a whistle, “Thank you.”
. And uh… Cas he… when he started talking, I didn’t feel like,” Sam huffed and Dean forced himself to look up, both hands clenched on his knees so hard they were shaking. Sam continued, “I didn’t feel like I should have kept watching…”
Dean shuffled into the industrial kitchen, rubbing at his eyes, to the smell of coffee already wafting into the air (which was a surprise because Sam was never the one to start the goddamn pot).
Together, they pulled the figure out as far as they could, the rest of the way. Some of the bottom of the legs was still caught inside whatever it had been trapped in (some kind of portal?). Dean started to let go of the one hand as the body seemed to right itself. Sam backed away.
Jack gave an affirmative, but there was a little scrunch to his face, like there was something wrong.
Sam awkwardly shuffled out. Dean watched the door swing closed, stood up, then got in the Impala, with Jack shortly behind him.
This trip was two-fold, really. They were running a little short on some food stock (they had already been running low beforehand, though Sam should be fine alone for a few days), so Dean was going to pick up some supplies on the way back, but first item on the agenda was just… driving around.
Dean gripped under the body’s (not yet him, not yet Cas, could be a trick) shoulder and lifted it up, most of the torso now out. A tie and dress shirt came into view (the coloring seemed different, darker).
Dean’s heart stopped as both pairs of eyes went straight to him. His throat closed up and he suddenly felt the need to just slide down the wall and shut everything off again. He swallowed and forced down the lump as he looked toward the floor, prickling with the feeling of being expectantly watched.
Dean looked behind himself at Sam for a few seconds before turning back to the bacon currently sizzling. It seemed done. Whatever. He plated it.
), and clutching at one of his hands, eyes widened like he was a child who’d been caught with a hand in the cookie jar.
Figures. He wasn’t in the mood for this (he never was). He rubbed at his eyes, slowly lifting himself up by one elbow.
Dean and Cas strode into the library, coffee cups in hand (Dean carrying two, one his and one for Sam).
“What the hell…,” Dean felt his throat closing up, “You’re…. you’re The Empty now.” (What does that mean? Is this Cas? Or something else?).
would just pop out of an alleyway and scare the shit out of him or fucking mug him or something, he wasn’t picky at this point. He looked at Jack out of the corner of his eyes and got a small headshake from the kid. Dean sighed.
The figure was doubled over as he coughed up black goo, his black-brown hair swaying a bit with the movement. Dean couldn’t sit still for much longer. His hands were hovering out in front of him, ready to comfort, to defend, to embrace, to do
“What the hell…?” Dean frowned, tearing his eyes away from the horror show in front of him up to Cas’s face, his eyes.
,” Jack breathed, and the kid looked so sad Dean could barely handle it, “He… The Empty came for him, didn’t it?”
Jack smiled, small and hesitant, “Of course,” He nodded and approached Dean, letting the plate and bottle be transferred to him.
He knew this whole thing was just a charade. He and Sam just kinda assumed that maybe Jack might not be able to pick up on someone’s “life energy” or whatever if they were too far away. They also knew it was a bit of a waste of time doing this in the first place.
And Sam huffed and puffed, but he decided to let it go (knowing Dean usually needed at least three business days to process anything), for now.
He got out of the car and Jack followed him. He just pounded the pavement for a bit, wishing to God or whoever that
“Well!” Dean began, slapping his hands on either side of the chair he was reclining in and pushing himself up, “That’s at least something we can do, ‘n that’s way more’n we had before you got back, man.” He patted Cas on the shoulder, leaving his hand on it. Cas looked back at him, questioning. Dean rubbed the shoulder, then gave a smaller, lighter pat, before lifting off of it. He hadn’t wanted to let go.
Set up bets for what chapter Dean will finally acknowledge the confession (I don't actually know myself).
Sam exhaled the most put-upon sigh. He closed his eyes and rubbed at his temples, “Cas uh… he told me you were kinda….,” He looked at Dean, “Iffy? About it?”
“Uh--,” Dean coughed as he shifted up and off the bed, “Well I uh…” He shifted his eyes back and forth, pointing back behind him, “If… if you need anything, We’re all around, man. I don’t think we got uh. Medicine for….” He looked at Cas’s right hand, “But. Emotional support. Yeah. You’re The Empty now. Cool. Great. Uh. You should tell Sam, he’ll think it’s cool.”
“I mean, I guess, yeah,” Dean said (he was more than iffy, he was downright fucking worried), “But like,” Dean twisted in his seat to look at Cas, “Mostly I was just… I was just shocked, y’know? Finding out your friend is some kinda cosmic entity now? ‘s pretty crazy.” Cas’s lips tilted up into a small smile at him, and Dean reflected it back before turning back to Sam.
Dean leaned in a bit closer, squinting at the shape solidifying before his very eyes. Slowly, the goo sloughed down and left… what looked like skin, in its wake.
Dean’s mind was kind of blank. Or maybe it was too full, buzzing with incessant chatter and disorganized thoughts and emotions.
Dean stepped back and signaled to Sam to get the fuck out of there. Dean pushed Jack in the direction of the exit and all three of them began making way for it.
“Yeah man, I’ll be fine stayin’ here to monitor the dungeon,” Sam told him, face wry and sympathetic, “Honestly, I’m maybe a bit grateful I don’t have to see how… lonely it is out there again.”
He paused his finger over the space bar. The video was currently sitting on a completely innocuous shot of the room. There was no one in it, no one about to die, no one crouched on the ground, dead to the world around him.
Sam nodded and the conversation ended there (There really wasn’t much they could say that wouldn’t break something more than any of them could take).
Jack paused for a second, eyebrows scrunched, before looking straight at Dean and beginning with a small but sure nod, “Yes, it feels…,” he began, “It feels… different.”
“It is asleep, wrapped within my Grace and its own power,” Castiel explained, “It and I have fused. And I have not fully acclimatized to this… condition.”
Dean slowly tensed, moving slightly as he forced himself to open his eyes, first meeting the bloody handprint on his shoulder (God, wasn’t that just a kick in the nuts?) He could already feel the need to cry out or tear something up or shut down completely just welling up in his chest and up his throat again, but Sam was here, and as Dean turned his bloody shoulder away from brother and his own eyes up, he saw his Sam’s stupid big puppy dog eyes looking at him. The kid also looked scared shitless. Dean frowned as his legs stopped buzzing, numbness giving way, and he started to sit up, “Hey, Sammy.” He grunted, smiling a fake smile that only made his brother’s eyes even more sad and droopy looking.
Dean awoke in a rush, pulling himself up with a shallow gasp. He looked around himself, cataloguing where he was (his room. He didn’t entirely remember going back to it, though).
Jack was sitting on his bed in his room. The lights were off, but it wasn’t like he really needed them either. He was staring, but he wasn’t sure at what.
“Alright. Ok, yeah. Uh,” Sam paused and took in another breath, “It’s not… anything bad… I think. Maybe. It’s just—”
“There’s… in the dungeon…,” Jack began (and suddenly Dean felt his body freeze over. Did he see the video? Did he see… did he
“Hey, Cas,” he said breathlessly, then chuckled softly. “You have no freaking idea how good it feels to finally say that out loud.”
“This one’s for you,” Sam says, putting the smaller bottle in his palm. “It’s…uh, birth control. The after-sex variety.”
“I agree…” John pauses, looking between his sons. “With Dean. We make the alliance, get the Colt, kill Yellow Eyes. There’s no other option here.”
“Dude, he’s not gonna—” Dean halts suddenly, blinking. What Castiel about to agree to lunch with his
He glares at Crowley, who’s been watching the omega’s meltdown with sophisticated disinterest, like someone watching country club caddies collect golf balls.
Castiel waves a dismissive hand. “We can talk about it later.” He crosses his arms over his chest, a sense of dread floating through him. “What is it, Bobby?”
“But...when you do finish the book, what happens? Does Cas go back to New York?” Sam’s voice was small and quiet, as if the realization might devastate Dean.
“All yours,” Dean answered softly. After a few more soothing kisses on his back, he heard the sound of the lube bottle popping open. He went down to his elbows, allowing Castiel better access, and took a deep breath when the first slick finger entered him. He had been loosened up by Cas’ light but satsifying rim job and pushed back against the finger, fucking himself against it desperately. The bed squeaked and the headboard hit the wall with a repetitive
Castiel, for his part, was on-board with a short engagement. He was in his late thirties and had been seriously dating Dean for three years now. In fact, they had pretty much been inseparable since the moment they had met. If there was anything Castiel was sure of, it was Dean Winchester.
It was unfairly arousing to watch Dean bake. Unfair for Castiel, at least, because they were in Dean’s childhood home, in the company of his brother and sister-in-law, while all Castiel wanted to do was bend Dean over the counter and feel the tight, hot heat of his body writhing underneath…
Anna beamed in response, arms leaving Castiel and wrapping around Dean’s neck in a quick embrace. “You know,” she began conversationally, pulling away, “I remember when Chuck pulled your manuscript from the slush pile. Here was this farmer from Tennessee, no writing credentials, barely even a GED. But he looked at me and said, ‘I believe in Dean Winchester. I’ve got plans for him.’”
Dean looks at the front row and spots Cas and Gabriel, both who fully supported his decision weeks ago when he decided, “Sam Winchester.” He voice breaks a little as he adds, “My brother.”
“Thought it might,” Castiel says smugly, watching Dean’s mouth open as he gapes at the feeling. “There are so many things I want to do with you, Dean. So many ways I want to take you apart.”
Castiel narrowed his eyes. “If you wanted time for small talk, you should’ve been on time,” he said cooly, and
And the only real casualty was John—a gruff and standoffish man, obsessed with revenge, who’s final act in this world was to guarantee Dean’s lifelong happiness by saving the man he loves.
the person he had been waiting to return for twelve years. But the stark reality of this conversation has hit him squarely in the gut and he’s not sure he can hold it together.
“Hey, if you can’t take it, don’t dish it out.” Dean hadn’t planned on calling her out here, but hell, she had already opened this can of awkward fucking worms.
“Been in the city too long,” Dean quips, smirking now, his hand on Castiel’s back wandering longer and lower than it should. “You barely put up a fight. Gonna have to put you in ‘were bootcamp’ or some shit.”
The woman who had died last night, Sarah Blankschaen, couldn’t have been more different from Aaron Samuels. Whereas Aaron had been closeted—Sam had interviewed his boyfriend the night before, confirming their suspicions—Sarah had been in a committed, and incredibly public, relationship with her girlfriend for over ten years.
share personal information regarding their clients. So, as long as they keep quiet, and I suspect they will, I think you’ll be—”
“Fuck, Cas...fuck.” Dean’s back instinctively arched at the thought and Castiel caressed the dip lovingly.
Once they were in the Impala, Dean looking immeasurably content behind the wheel, they shared a kiss before heading into town. Dean wanted to take Castiel to his favorite local diner, explaining the whole way there that he rarely got to come here anymore since Sam was on another rabbit-food kick. Castiel listened to him speak about his family with interest, asking questions about Sam’s law practice and Jess’ enthusiasm for farming. Dean was full of stories, and was sharing a particularly embarrassing recollection of Sam’s fear of clowns as they exited the Impala and walked towards the diner door.
He’s grasping it like a lifeline, hands shaking, relatively certain this snake-like creature is a vetala. He knows getting bit by one will almost certainly incapacitate him, maybe even turn him. He doesn’t quite remember how to kill one, but he has to make a move soon...he’s running out of time and options. The other two monsters are closing in on him—a man with the characteristics of a spider who’s eyeing him sinsterly, and behind him crouches a beast that looks ready to tear Castiel’s flesh apart. If he wants to survive he has to divide and conquer, to give himself enough space to deal with them individually—as fast as humanly possible. Rowena had said each weapon is only allotted one use, so choosing the wrong one on the wrong enemy means almost certain death. He has a finite number of choices and no assurance of victory.
Dean tugged at the starched fabric currently imprisoning his arms, feeling sweaty and unsettled. He looked at Jess, wondering the softest way to delivery this news. “Uh, no offense to your cousin or whoever you borrowed this from, but…”
Dean shakes his head at the thought and flutters his eyelids closed, focusing on the echos in the forest. Concentrating like this, tapping into his were instincts, he can hear the buzz of every insect, the rustle of every flower petal, the distinct whirr of low winds. He’s always been one of the better hunters in the pack, though they hadn’t had a real need for wild game in many years now. He can sense a doe, though, maybe twenty yards east of where he stands now, and he thinks about shifting right here and now, stalking it closely in his wolf form before leaping behind the tree cover and sinking his sharp teeth into the deer’s neck—
. Castiel unfastens his own jeans and lets them fall to the floor. He is less naked and more three-quarters dressed, but at the sight of his alpha’s flushed and hard cock, Dean vibrates with anticipation.
“It’s not that bad,” Dean scoffed. It was the first time they had spoken in hours, and the sound of Dean’s voice was jolting. Castiel nearly dropped the stack of papers.
Cas glared at him. “Dean,” he said, a hint of sharpness in his voice, “I might have rebelled...a time or two. And I might be at the top of Heaven’s most wanted list. But as an angel, I can still feel the spiritual energy surrounding a centuries-old place of worship.” Dean opened his mouth, as if to interrupt, but Cas continued.
out, Dean. You’ve done nothing but avoid me, ignore me. You haven’t trusted me with any of your problems—”
So, as you've seen me hinting, the smut in this story is gonna get a little…animalistic…eventually. Hopefully y'all are here for that, but when/if that comes (pun intended) I'll be sure to mark wolf/wolf and wolf/human so those opposed can skip it.
“Now I know how a goldfish feels,” Castiel mumbled, pulling a fresh set of boxers over his thighs. The comment only seemed to embolden Dean, who leaned against the pillow, smirking.
Dean steeled himself, breathing heavily as Castiel rimmed him out. Dean had done this on plenty of guys he had fucked, but he had never asked for it to be reciprocated. To be on this end of it… He shuddered when the tip of Castiel’s tongue slipped inside his hole, spearing him as a finger began to prod at his entrance. It all felt so foreign and peculiar and fucking amazing, and he covered his mouth with his hand as Castiel opened him up.
And then they sat together side by side, knees and shoulders occasionally brushing, until it was time to leave. They shared a small frown of goodbye when parting, and Castiel left the room wondering if his crush wasn’t quite as unrequited as he imagined.
“Cleveland Botanical Gardens,” Dean interrupted. Cas and Anna gaped at him in obvious surprise. “I know him.”
His grip is tight and fisted, and he works himself over with a dry hand, but it’s no use. He’s not sure he can make himself come anymore—at least, not him
They set out on the road again with the tension between them eased completely, though another anxiety was already waiting in Castiel’s brain, willing to take its place. He worried they wouldn’t be able to convince Joshua, but he had faith in Dean…not to mention an unwavering belief in what they could accomplish if they worked together. The reassurance of Dean’s hand knitted in his was the only thing keeping Castiel grounded as they parked the Impala in the garage directly across from the Cleveland Botanical Garden. Dean grumbled about the eight dollar parking fee, then the twelve dollar cost of admission, and Castiel could almost let himself be distracted by the familiarity of Dean’s inherent grumpiness. He could pretend that they were just another couple here to sightsee, rather than fulfilling some strange mission or quest. At the front entrance, they located a map and were surprised to see eleven potential gardens for Joshua to be working in.
“You should’ve told me it was ‘scent day,’’ Sam grumbled, spearing his salad forcefully. “I wouldn’t have suggested we go to dinner.”
Dean is being gripped backwards by Sam, whose long arms wrap around both sides of his brother’s shoulders. The omega doesn’t look worried yet, only pissed off—channeling all his concern into anger for Rowena, Castiel figures—and he snarls in protest.
Pamela looks surprised at the edit to her call and response, but after that improvisation Dean’s had quite enough of waiting—he reaches forward and draws his alpha to him, crushing their lips together prematurely. The kiss is simple but dizzying and he hears laughs of commotion all around them, but Dean really doesn’t give a damn what anyone else thinks. He just needs to be married to this man already.
Dean was preoccupied with these thoughts, and a half-dozen flustered musings on the new territory he was entering with Cas. Which is why he barely registered Castiel kneading the taut muscles of his ass, and he sure as fuck wasn’t expecting a flat, damp tongue against his hole until he shuddered and jumped.
They kiss and kiss and kiss, and never move beyond that, just soaking in a moment of pure and unadulterated joy. Eventually their lips separate, Dean’s head nestled perfectly on his alpha’s chest, the rise and fall of their chests like a synchronized call and response. Just before Cas falls asleep he mumbles, “Gabriel…I was in Heaven but he wasn’t there…I think my brother might be…”
“For the good of the pack, okay?” Dean looks down at his coffee mug—empty. Shit. How did this go from the best breakfast ever to the freakin’ worst in a matter of minutes? “You were just a kid, you don’t remember, but when the pack is under attack there’s no time to argue, there’s no margin for error. We need someone like dad around.”
Sam just shrugs, the corners of his mouth upturned as if he’s considering the validity of that statement, and Dean fights the urge to begin griping. Loudly.
Novaks?” Sam’s voice was keen and hopeful, as if Castiel could clear up the whole misunderstanding by answering—
Castiel crosses his arms and goes back to staring at the floor, but nods dimly. He’s incredibly nervous to perform not only in front of Dean, but
Cas’ apartment? Then he noticed the metal tub full of water and floating apples, the pumpkins with carving tools nearby, the pecan pie resting on the counter.
“He’s right,” Castiel agrees, feeling like he’s fighting back bile, then lamely repeats, “it’ll be okay.”
Dean grips the steering wheel and grins, lopsided and carefree. “She missed you too, bud.” He clears his throat, turning right at the upcoming stop sign. “She’s not the only one.”
Castiel pulled Dean around by his shoulders. “Dean, stop and listen to me. I know why he targets the victims he does.” He turned to Sam, who was listening intently, his face creased in anxiety. “Nathaniel rejected his religion for Edward, right? By engaging in a sexual relationship with him? Well, eventually Edward rejected him.”
But that’s just Dean thinking with his dick—or maybe his heart? Fuck if he knows. The only real collateral damage in the Cas-as-packmaster scenario would be John, whose pride is everything to him. Losing to an alpha half his age who’s been MIA for twelve years would push his dad off the goddamn deep end. And even more significant is the fact that Cas never wanted to be alpha, never loved the pack traditions one-tenth as much as Dean. Why would Cas be throwing away the rest of his life, dedicating himself to a job he has no interest in holding? The whole shitty situation sounds shady as fuck, and Dean’s gonna get to the bottom of it somehow.
It was surprising, really, how quickly they had established a new routine, how easily they had slipped into the fabric of each other’s everyday life. They had lunch together two to three times a week on-campus, whenever Castiel could pull himself away from his mountain of grading. Fridays and Saturdays were date night and Dean usually spent the night at Cas’ place, and on Wednesdays Castiel was invited to family dinner.
Castiel grinned, clearly unapologetic, but threw his hands up in surrender. Once his erection finally flagged, Dean cut the water and they dried off quickly, moving around their bedroom with the ease of a couple in a practiced routine. Dean wrapped a towel around his waist and gelled his hair to the side, shaving closely, figuring he oughta go all out since he’d be posing for photos all night with Cas. When he went back into the bedroom, Castiel was wearing a khaki tweed blazer over a dark navy vest, a light blue button-up, and fuschia and blue-striped bowtie. He looked like every hot-for-professor porno that Dean had ever come across and literally willed himself to look away, lest he jump his boyfriend’s bones (again) and cause them to be late. Well,
He heard Sam shuffling in before he saw him. His younger brother looked even more tired than last night; the kid brought himself into the room like his body was someone else’s he was dragging behind him.
Sam spluttered, “I,” He untensed his shoulders and sat back in the chair, putting his hands up in a placating gesture, “Ok, ok, so me ‘n Cas talked this morning, before you got up.”
Jack was chewing on some kinda nougat monstrosity as Dean paused outside of a pizzeria. Before all this, he’d have been damned if he was gonna eat a St. Louis pizza (Provel could suck it), but he’d gladly eat an entire pie if that meant even one person was here with him and Jack in this empty city.
“Oh, hey kid,” Dean sighed, relieved beyond measure (he wasn’t sure what he had been worried about), “I uh…” He lifted the plate up with a small awkward shrug.
He approached it on wobbly legs, crouched like he was getting ready for a battle. As he got closer, he realized the spot it was taking up was fairly small, about half as wide as he was on all sides. He looked at it, stared at it. Maybe it’d give him answers, maybe there was something he could do (he wasn’t good at research like Sam, he could only throw himself into things and hope for the best, and maybe he could… maybe this could…).
Dean had made an estimate, before he left, on how far he was willing to drive before he just gave the fuck up. He overestimated.
“No… not physically,” Cas turned and nodded toward Jack, “As Jack said earlier, my Grace is…,” Cas paused for a second, breathing in with an odd look of worry, eyes widened imperceptibly, darting from nowhere in particular, back to Dean, “…weakened. Rest will… help.”
“Then what did you fuckin’ offer it? A fruit basket? An ‘I’m sorry’ card from WalMart?” Dean questioned. He lifted up Cas’s hand, the fingers still forming and unforming, “Then what the hell is this?”
Cas nodded along through Sam’s excitedly delivered explanation, “Exactly, without the pressures of her near-death and Chuck’s own influence, I truly do believe in a potential compromise,” Cas added, and Sam crossed his arms, looking at Dean with assuredness he hadn’t seen in his younger brother in far too long.
Sam huffed through his nose, “Yeah I uh… I got that,” he let out testily before reeling himself back in, his face turning sheepish and eyebrows turning up in concern, “…Sorry I was just really worried, but uh… Dean, you… you look…”
He ran back to the black goo and the lone hand reaching out (God he was an idiot). He knew he couldn’t let himself think any more, because then he would stop. And if he stopped, and this was…
He reached out slowly, shakily, cautiously. His pointer finger met with a twisting little tendril. It felt odd. It felt like… absolutely nothing. It felt like reaching into a void (or maybe it felt like something, but his dumb little human brain just couldn’t process it).
He crouched down and reached for the hand, clasping it tightly. It felt strong, and surprisingly warm. It felt right.
The little puddle of whatever the thing was made of (primordial goo?) was moving and stretching in small little increments around itself, up and down through the floor. It was trying to stretch itself outward, trying to form into something, to solidify. He shouldn’t touch it. He knew this. But that’s also why he hadn’t tried to find Sam, not really.
He didn’t need to look for long, though, because the gurgling black of the The Empty wasn’t going for stealth at all: it was coming up through back of the room, centered near perfectly, and climbing up through the concrete flooring, touching the wall behind it. He felt like it was reaching up and out, struggling past something he couldn’t see. He could almost swear he could make out the vague shape of four wobbly fingers.
Dean kept a wary eye on the kid, tensed up and ready to move in case anything happened. Jack crouched down, one hand over his knee, and the other in the air to his side.
Cas placed a light hand on one of Dean’s arms, “Still, we may benefit from rest,” he reassured, “I will not sleep, not like humans, simply…,” He scrunched his brows, and Dean’s heart suddenly burst with the rush of fondness and familiarity and
“Pancakes with lotsa syrup. C’mon nobody can say no to that,” he continued, a slight downtick to his eyebrows, his frown deepening.
Jack tilted his head (just like Cas), and Dean felt a lurch in his chest. Dean paused to look back at Sam then at Jack, who had started to swivel his head about the room, his frown deepening, “Wait… where’s Cas?”
Dean sat back, the base of his head hitting the chair as his legs stretched out onto the floor. He puffed out a breath before forcing himself back up into the seat, “Gotcha,” he said, “I’ll uh… I’ll bring a plate to him, then.” He began filling his plate (no one mentioned how it was emptier that it usually was).
Dean was wandering the halls, looking past door after door (he could see the door to Cas’s room in the distance).
Dean frowned (Right, Sam had driven to the bunker right after everyone had gone). There was an awkward pause, as they stood in the garage with all these vintage cars and Dean leaning against Baby.
Before Dean could react, Jack came in, half jogging, “Dean! You’re alright! After everyone else disappeared and you didn’t answer, Sam was scared you—”
“Ohh, so you take it black, huh?” Dean smirked, tilting his shoulder to hit Cas’s. Cas’s face broke out into one of those bright smiles that shifted his entire face, the ones Dean felt entirely too proud about bringing to his friend’s face. Dean’s own smirk twisted into a genuine and unabashed grin.
“No—” Dean coughed, “He uh…” Dean flicked his eyes to Jack, and there was some kind of understanding there. Dean’s eyes widened just a fraction (he knew he knew he
He knew it was late, and he knew he was upset. He frowned. It was his fault, wasn’t it? That Castiel…
“Here ya go, bitch,” Dean said as he slid Sam’s coffee onto the wide table, right next to a wide array of books and files, Sam’s head dipped down, eyes flitting across the pages.
“Hey kid, I brought you somethin’ to eat if you’re hungry.” He only heard silence past the door. He frowned (even if Jack had been asleep, he was a light sleeper).
Pancakes, some eggs, bacon. The classics. It smelled good, he thought. Everything kind of felt dull if he was being honest.
as they both fell. Dean tried to wrangle Cas’s arm up and off the bed, but was immediately reminded that he was trying to out-force an immovable object (angel) and the arm stayed in place.
. What the fuck? He felt insane, he felt like he wasn’t entirely awake. After they all had awkwardly shuffled out of the concrete room, Dean supporting Castiel slightly by his shoulder, the angel had voiced his wish to rest.
“Oh shit, uh… sorry Sam, I uh… wasn’t checking my phone,” Dean began, looking down at the screen then back to his brother, a false casual tensing to his shoulders and a shrug.
He looked back. A sleeve had started to form just below the wrist. He couldn’t tell exactly what color it was, as if it were shifting. When it seemed tan it almost looked like (A mockery, toying with you, tricking you) the sleeve of a trenchcoat.
“It’s great Cas is back, man, really, I just,” Sam frowned, the kinda frown that was mirrored in his eyebrows, “We gotta be careful, you know that—”
“Think he can handle you?” Castiel meant it as a rhetorical question, ‘cause no—there was no way Alfie could keep up.
“Easy for you to say,” Dean says lowly, as if Castiel isn’t supposed to hear. Cas squirms against the railing.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Balthazar said. “You’re already here, and you’re the real star power behind the ad, anyways.” He sighed, then added, “No, I’ve just found a last-minute replacement for poor Mick. He’s a little green, but completely gorgeous, and has a lot of talent.”
“I’m not gonna let that happen to you,” the omega bites out sharply, replying to the flash of anxiety Castiel didn’t even know he was projecting.
“You and Sam do,” Castiel answered matter-of-factly, standing now in only his boxers and a tight undershirt.
“‘Us’?” Dean repeated, turning his body towards Castiel. Their knees touched and neither of them pulled away. Castiel blamed it on the small bench, clearly not made with two grown men in mind. “You’re a writer, Cas?”
Before Castiel could fully understand, could prepare for the overwhelming implication of such a statement, there was a rounded set of lips puckering taut and tight over the head of his cock. He cried out and gripped Dean’s hair in strained and desperate tugs, scrambling for any physical tether to hold him down. Dean tucked his chin forward around the curve of Castiel’s cock and sucked him down deeper, sordidly and expertly, using one hand to pump the root of his shaft. The sounds were sloppy and slapdash and so totally explicit that Castiel already felt coils of warmth retracting in his balls. Dean made unabashed eye contact as his tongue spun around the slit, looking at the alpha with long and fluttering lashes before sucking him down again and again and again. It was as if he was making love to Castiel’s cock, treating it with such eager fervency and reverence…and surprisingly, it was that thought that made Castiel tighten his grip in Dean’s hair, eyes fixated on the omega’s messy, ruffled strands as he shouted, shook, and—
“Hilarious,” Dean deadpans in their direction, and to prove he’s fully capable of hearing and saying the “C” word, he adds, “I bet
“Agent Davis and I would like to know, in your own words, what happened last night,” Cas said. Dean could sense the careful way Cas was measuring his words, and he felt a rush of guilt. This job was a milk run to him, but Cas still wasn’t comfortable with how much lying was required during a hunt. Dammit Dean, concentrate. You’re making Cas do all the heavy lifting.
the sunshine, can feel the brush of earth like a hand cupping his cheek. It’s calming in a way he’s forgotten, being surrounded by the familiarity of the backwoods, and he tries to savor the moment. In all his recollections of home he had imagined it was perpetually summer, his best memories with Dean taking place during the three months when they were free from school. Swimming in the lake, running through the fields, wrestling warm and rough and wild. Altogether they’re a collage of moments when Castiel fell in love with his best friend, years of his adolescence marked by quiet nights lying side by side in a field of stars, willing himself to stay still, to resist the urge to
“The alpha catches his prey,” Jo supplies, in an exaggerated tone and with an outrageous wink. Dean’s cheeks burn pink and he scoffs, looking away, but his scent gives him away to Castiel. There’s a spice there that wasn’t present before—intrigue, interest, arousal.
He waited one second, then two, and when Cas didn’t pull away, he gripped his chin with both hands, bringing their lips an inch apart.
The third finger burned but he breathed through it. He knew all this prep was for his benefit, but he wondered if it might not be better to just rip the band-aid off and get fucked senseless already.
The wolf growls in the back of his throat, his tongue still penetrating him without remorse, and the vibration is so strong it reminds Dean of a fucking vibrator being shoved inside him. He moans and pushes his ass against the alpha’s tongue, daring him to go deeper, to give the omega exactly what he wants. Castiel seems to finally get with the program and pulls his mouth away, giving Dean the opportunity to slide two fingers into his hole—easy. Before he can add a third, though, thick paws are wrapping around his middle with surprising dexterity. Dean removes his fingers and pushes himself down lower, elbows sinking down into a stance of total compliance. Castiel humps against Dean experimentally and the omega hasn’t turned around yet to see the monster cock he’s about to be fucked with, but he knows it’s unsheathed by now, can feel the hardness bumping against his cheeks. Castiel is a massive alpha wolf and he can only picture what it looks like, his dick rutting against him.
Later that afternoon, Dean found himself in Bobby’s office for his second session. He wasn’t doing it intentionally, but he was definitely deflecting. He spent the first half-hour talking about Jess and Sam’s big announcement, which he had learned just moments before they had shared it with the group. Apparently they’d known for almost a week, since Jess had broken her finger the day of Dean and Castiel’s disastrous coffee date. At the hospital before treatment, they had asked her the routine question—
There’s equally loud applause and Castiel flushes, looking at Dean with awe and admiration on his face. “The honor is mine, Dean.” That sounds too vague and impersonal, though, so Castiel adds, “I never told you this, but when I was still just another country artist struggling to make it in Nashville, I used to dream about sharing the stage with you.”
“How?” Dean yells furiously in the direction of Rowena, hands gripping a nearby headstone and looking distraught. Castiel feels that same question deep inside his bones—
“Because of something that’s going on with the book, and Zachariah, and...well. You, Cas.” Sam and Jess exchanged a long and meaningful look that made Dean’s stomach flip.
“Sounds very reasonable,” Castiel said evenly. He craned his neck, searching Dean’s face. “I’m sorry, Dean. It was wrong to leave without you.”
“Place your right hand in the center of the wool,” Castiel says quietly in his ear, kneeling so close to him that his lips brush Dean’s ear. The omega shivers, and he grumbles, “
“In other words, suck it up, buttercup,” Jo whispers in his ear, and Dean kicks her ankle under the table. Fine, he’ll participate, whatever. Doesn’t mean he has to like it.
The front door of the house squeaked opened, jolting them out of conversation, and they turned towards the source of the noise.
It’s sticky warm outside still, though nightfall is coming, and mosquitoes buzz in his ears in a way that makes him irritable. He admires all the buildings and structures as he passes, proud to have had a hand in re-establishing this community…however small his contribution might’ve been. He waves at everyone he passes, even stops to hear a few condolences here and there. He finds Charlie camped out in the large community pantry, counting boxes of non-perishables and adding the information to a record cataloged on her iPad. She dusts her hands off as soon as she spots him, leaping up to give him a massive hug.
“Love you like this, Cas,” he whispered, hand tucking into the bottom of Castiel’s button-up shirt, seeking his bare skin. “All alpha’d out and badass. It’s sexy as fuck.”
A moving van. It’s unfamiliar and empty, a service vehicle with no back seat. Castiel is stretched diagonally across the space, his arms and legs bound tightly. He’s lying uncomfortably on his side but he doesn’t stirr, doesn’t struggle against the confines of the thick ropes. He’s sure that his kidnappers will have no qualms about knocking him out again, perhaps even more forcefully this time, so he breathes through the pain of the gunshot wound, throbbing and tender in his shoulder.
The bad news keeps fucking coming as Dean takes in the final monster. It’s exceedingly tall, boney and sunken, with sharply crooked teeth. The creature’s claws look long as razors and its fur is matted, chunks of gray-tinged flesh missing in random patches. The wendigo lets out a deep guttural growl in Cas’ direction and the omega flinches on instinct.
Castiel feels like grinning, like weeping, like hugging his newfound family with every remaining ounce of strength inside him. The weeks of animosity, of him and John vying for packmaster, seems overwhelmingly absurd now. Perhaps with Azazel gone, John will finally start to heal…will be a proper father to Sam and Dean, and a supportive father-in-law for Castiel. Maybe John will become the packmaster after all, or maybe Castiel, or Gabriel…he really couldn’t care less at this point because they
“Mine,” Castiel breathes, then lines himself up expertly and bottoms out in one fluid motion. The burn is slight but manageable, reasonable for an aroused omega without much prep, and Dean bites on Castiel’s lips
with the mating bite and marriage ceremony and the standard two-point-five pups, he’ll never be able to deny his alpha anything.
“I’m going back inside to speak with Joshua.” Cas put his hands on Dean’s neck, lifting his chin until their eyes met. His expression was a mix of worry and adoration, and Dean wondered if his own face reflected the same.
“Like hell, Cas!” Dean argues, loud enough for everyone to hear. “It’s one thing to fight for your life from a monster…it’s another for you to be actually fucking dead.”
“Not terrible. I’ve been here for a minute,” Castiel confesses. His eyes flicker over towards Dick. “I thought about intervening, but I have to admit, it was…fascinating, watching you put that guy in his place.”
But his ability to scent is still magnified, impossibly honed from spending days and days as a wolf, and he puts his nose to the ground and finds it instantly. The scent of sage, of omega, of Dean.
But then John glances up at Dean, planted like an apparition from the future, and every inch of joy slips away. His shoulders hunch up, tense, and he rises to his feet again.
“Everything okay?” Castiel says quietly, hands wrapping around the back of Dean’s neck and dropping a kiss to the top of his head. It’s weirdly…domestic, especially for a first date, but Dean is instantly soothed by it.
“That song is all about having babies and sitting in rocking chairs,” he says disdainfully, and Castiel chuckles quietly.
Leo rolled his eyes and poured them both shots, mumbling, “This is basically the start of a bad punchline. ‘Two gay FBI agents walk into a bar…’”
The outer crowd had their candles lit with lighters, and leaned into the person beside them, sharing the flame. A woman to Dean’s left shared hers, and he instinctively tilted his candle to the right, watching the tip of Cas’ wick grow black. It was just after dusk, with enough light to make out colors and shapes, but not the angel’s expression. Cas turned dutifully and lit Sam’s candle, then pivoted forward again, eyes focused on the speaker on-stage. Dean was vaguely aware that members of the crowd were volunteering to share testimonials about the victims, many mentioning the Holy Grail’s impact on the LGBTQ community, but Dean wasn’t paying attention. He was stealing glances at Cas, hoping he would turn and look at him. Dean tried not to notice how his candle marked Cas in faint light, his lips pink and glowing, the top half of his face silhouetted in soft shadow. But Cas was breathtaking and Dean couldn’t
Bottle of lube in-hand, Dean returned to his boyfriend, cupping his chin. “First of all, I’m not leaving. Not even close. Second of all, this Raph guy is the biggest dick of all time, and if I ever run into him at the Piggly Wiggly, I’m gonna throttle his ass.” Castiel snorted and Dean reclaimed his spot on the bed, Castiel draping an arm over his waist. “Third of all, anytime I’m with you is memorable, Cas, because it’s
“What?” he asked, as they parted ways with the local law enforcement and headed towards the bartender.
“The bed was cold without you,” Cas complains, snuggling his face in closer. “You’re my furnace.” His breath is warm but minty, and he’s wandering around completely naked, much to Dean’s approval. He can feel the beginning of an erection rutting against the cleft between his ass cheeks, and he pushes against the rising stiffness, making Castiel’s breath quicken.
He made it to St. Louis, and it was just more of the same. He hadn’t even driven that far (at least, to him) but he was
Dean couldn’t help but feel like things were looking up. But he had to tamp that shit down, stop the giddy smile threatening to break free, but even as he thought this, he looked up to Cas, and saw hope, he saw
He set his hands down on the bed and moved his head to the side. There was a whiskey bottle on the end table (that’s why he didn’t remember going to sleep, then).
The fluorescent lighting strained his eyes, but the strain felt good. It felt grounding. He blinked it away to a buzzing in the back of his mind and settled on heading for the kitchen. Breakfast should do ‘em all some good.
like the wriggling of the goo of The Empty. His breath stuttered and he felt Cas’s eyes blink on the edges of his vision. He held the hand in both of his, tracing it lightly, feeling the transition from flesh to that odd feeling of absolute nothingness The Empty incurred. The fingers shifted in their human approximations, clearly attempting to remain stable and fully formed, but occasionally stuttering and losing shape and intent.
Sam paused from plating a particularly large pancake, “I’m… I’m not sure. Last I saw him, he… was helping me leaf through some files that seemed promising.”
“What? Are you ok, man? Angels ain’t supposed to sleep,” Dean had started in a rush, turning fully toward Castiel, both hands on either shoulder, so close their breaths were practically intermingling.
The room was exactly the same as he had left it (as Cas had left it). He couldn’t look straight on at anything.
Cas’s eyes widened a little further, as if he never thought he could have been caught, and his mouth opened just slightly, “I…” He started, shuffling half backward, half off the bed, eyes angling for an escape.
Cas simply looked at him, with eyes so familiar, but a hand that fit to his with a cold and sharp reminder (It looks like him, but it could be anything, it’s not a body, it’s, it’s, it’s).
been dead was a cute little thing humans and half-humans did that he just couldn’t understand, “I can assure you, Dean, it is absolutely nothing. I need adjusting to being back, that is all.”
The bunker was eerily quiet, just as he had hoped. There was no way he was letting Sam see him click open the laptop. There was no way he was letting Sam see him do this.
“Do you uh,” Dean waved his hand in a weird misshapen figure-eight as he side-eyed Jack from the driver’s seat, “
Dean relaxed slowly back down onto the chair, content in the knowledge that Sam was willing to humor him and pretend (for now), “Oh, you know.” Dean winks.
“Dean...?” Sam continued. Dean could hear him shuffling all nervously outside, “Dean, I’m coming in.” Of course he was. The door opened with a resolute swing and there was the nosy moose himself.
He let out a strained chuckle. Castiel was staring at him with an odd mixture of fondness and exasperation, hand facing up on his lap.
He opened the door like he was on a hunt and it was the barrier between him and a vampire. It rushed open, Dean feeling the air move from the movement, “Cas?” He let out, glancing around the bedroom, the only light from the bedside lamp.
Cas looked between him and the coffee, puzzled expression so endearingly familiar it made Dean forget any and all reservations about this whole Empty business, “I don’t--,” He frowned, before his eyes lit up and his eyebrows did a little bounce up then down, “You mean to ask if I require food or drink.”
Sam frowned at him as he slowly walked over like he was approaching a skittish deer, “Dean… I…,” his brother began nervously, and suddenly Dean’s mind was on red alert, “You know that uh… the dungeon has a security camera, right?”
“Thanks for tellin’ me,” Dean cut him off, hoarse and apologetic (the kid looked so small, so confused), “Eat your food. I’ll uh… I’ll check it out.”
“Whaddya mean, ‘do you think it’s hostile?’” Dean mocked, mouth already half full of burger, causing Sam to scrunch his nose up at him before Dean continued with an animated sweep of his arm, “Of course it’s hostile, it’s The Empty!”
Dean took this moment to make a try for Cas’s wrist, blocking the guy from making his way for the exit in the process by bodying him straight back onto his bed with a
Dean swiveled his head to the side. His view focused and he saw Jack, standing several steps down, a small frown on his face.
Dean watched as Cas started his speech, and though he wanted to tune it all out (he couldn’t hear this again, couldn’t hear it without wanting to argue but why was he even allowed to argue? Cas died for this, died telling him this, he wanted to believe, but if he believed, where did that leave him?). Despite his buzzing thoughts, words filtered through to him “I know how you see yourself”, “all that you do, you do for love.”
Sam breathed quickly as he began stumbling over his words to reassure Dean, “I—I didn’t see the whole thing I… I
He stopped in the doorway and blinked, focusing in on Cas standing in the old band t-shirt and plaid pajama bottoms Dean remembered he’d left in the dresser in the guy’s room just in case, ages ago. Dean swallowed. He looked away, very forcefully, and noticed the coffee machine bubbling away right next to the angel—former angel.
Dean told Sam about the… thing in the dungeon (without mentioning he’d already seen it) and they both summarily agreed they had no idea what to do.
Cas blinked and carefully rearranged his expression, neutral and detached, “I…,” He twisted his hand in Dean’s hold palm up, “The Empty and I… came to a mutually beneficial arrangement.”
Cas flicked his eyes down, “Technically, as per the definition of ‘deal’ yes, but,” he huffed and traced one of the lines on one of Dean’s hands with his thumb (Dean ignored the sudden warmth of comfort that brought), before looking back up, “The deal was not in exchange for my or anyone else’s life or suffering.”
It had only been a few days since everyone went poof (since Cas was gone), but in Dean’s opinion, a few days had been a bit too long to wait to head out and really do a good scouring.
Sam was clearly a little freaked, his nose scrunched up and his shoulders trying to retreat into his torso. Dean figured Sam hadn’t seen the whole… goo trying to form a hand thing yet, so this must’ve been doubly weird.
He heard his brother’s gigantic feet stepping up just outside his door before he heard the loud rapping on the wood, “Dean, can we talk?”
He could hear Sam behind him, probably calling him, rightfully, an idiot. He thought he heard Jack saying something about it being ok.
He’d closed his eyes. He couldn’t watch. He couldn’t. He still heard the door crash open though. He heard Billie come in, heard The Empty’s sickening slithering into the room, swallowing it up.
Dean was itching to do something. Sam had basically decided to try to read every book and file in the entire goddamn bunker, Jack had helped Sam find and organize anything relevant, and Dean had… well.
Sam walked in, rubbing his eyes, as he took in his brother staring at him red-eyed and shocked. Sam gave Dean a wan smile as he shuffled in, shifting some old dusty books he had come in with from under his arm to gripped in his hands.
He could already feel himself getting that feeling like he was choking on air, and he tried to push it down. Fuck, he was being pathetic.
Sam patted Dean on the opposite shoulder before turning around and walking away. (he hadn’t responded and all Dean could think was, he was right not to).
“I get it kid,” Dean interrupted, looking straight at his brother’s scrunched up expression and feeling even worse about ignoring his phone, “I shoulda checked my phone.”
“Dean! Oh my God,” yelled a far too loud and frantic watery voice, accompanied by a hand shaking his shoulder, “Jack!,” the voice yelled away from him, “In here!”
“Alright then, ok, uh,” Sam breathed in, “So, Cas and I, we also uh, talked about plans to take down Chuck,” Dean blinked at this, and Sam continued, firm and determined, “And we think we have a chance, with his new powers.”
with her,” Sam corrected, “All she wanted was to restore ‘balance’, if we play off of that while using the fact The Empty is virtually neutral ground, we may be able to reach an agreement.”
“It’s…,” Dean coughed, “It’s alright kid, you don’t gotta feel bad about it. Just make sure you get what you need, huh?”
He clacked the plates onto the table one at a time. Sam already had that book cracked open on it, but Dean pushed it aside slightly with the edge of some empty ceramic. Sam blinked once slowly, then pushed the book further away with hesitance.
Dean looked down at Cas, staring right into his eyes fearfully and unflinchingly, “C’mon man,” He started, ashamed to hear his voice break just a bit, “I need to know if you’re ok ‘n… if you’re not… we’ll figure it out, man.” (“Just don’t let me think you are, then bite the dust later with a quick explanation and no time for me to process.”)
He was still met with silence. He moved the water bottle into the crook of his arm that was holding the plate, “Alright, uh. I’m comin’ in.” His eyes focused down on the doorknob as his hand darted up to it.
), his right hand, back from Dean’s view, “I do not believe there are standards to what leaving The Empty is like.”
Sam half fell onto the kitchen table, ungracefully sliding the book he had carried in with him onto the surface.
After he had pulled Cas away from The Empty, the encroachment of the slimy black pond retreated completely from the room. While Dean sat on the floor, absolutely in a state of shock (his mind simply screaming
He swallowed then moved to the track pad and hovered the mouse over the timeline. Shakily, he clicked it, then moved it forward as slowly as he could, steady as his body would let him. The minutes climbed up, then the hours, till finally, the door onscreen crashed open, letting in who he knew would be him and Cas.
He heard footsteps tapping on the floor as they got closer and, in a panic, he shut the laptop faster than he ever has.
They reached Kansas City and Dean realized he wasn’t even remotely ready to see what a city looked like devoid of people.
“Dean, you should probably head back,” Sam started, voice a bit strained, “The uh… The Empty… thing is uh… just… Get down here.” Sam breathed out, a bit ragged and shellshocked.
Dean didn’t need anything more than that. he dropped the plate, letting it hit the side of the sink and slide down, before he wiped his hands absentmindedly of suds, dropped the towel in with the plate, and rushed out of the kitchen, “His room?” Dean glanced to Jack.
Dean forces himself to open his eyes again, in spite of the overbearing brightness. This is either the most selfless or most selfish thing his dad has ever said, and he can’t quite figure out which one it is.
The head of his cock brushes Dean’s prostate again and the omega whimpers. “Fuck, Cas…oh fuck, give it to me, that’s it, right there, alpha!” Castiel plunges relentlessly deeper, his omega wailing from overstimulation, and he again finds the patch of skin where Dean’s mating bite was placed. He nips at the sensitive spot wickedly, sucking and biting and moaning, though he’s careful not to break the skin again…which takes serious effort. With a final thrust Dean comes with an urgent cry, untouched between them, chest heaving and muscles clenching down around Castiel’s cock until the alpha follows suit, his knot swelling at the base and locking them together, filling his omega relentlessly with warm come.
Dean chuckled, holding Cas’ forearm and swaying their hips together lightly. “That’s nice and all, Cas, but things
There’s two minutes to go on the clock, and his hands shake, the gun in his hand swinging as he walks. He can’t do this again, he can’t leave Cas, he can’t, he can’t, he—
“You look like shit,” Dean told Anna. Castiel wasn’t sure how she would respond to such an observation, but his best friend only smiled weakly. It was true—her hair was greasy, her makeup smudged. It looked like she had a difficult night, too. She had always been passionate about the books she managed, but even more importantly, she cared about Dean as a writer and a friend.
“I did,” Castiel says with a nod, amusement written all over his face. “It’s the second time I’ve seen someone crash and burn when it comes to you, by the way. Being on a date with you might be the height of my romantic history. Anything after tonight will surely be a downgrade.”
Castiel pushed his hands away, breathing in and out, attempting to calm himself down and not make a scene. He wouldn’t fight Benny here and now, especially not while he was drunk.  “Yes,” he said, voice coming out as an inadvertent growl. “I would suggest you leave.”
“Little sore is all,” Dean says conversationally, though he looks at Castiel and winks. The alpha fights the urge to blush and rises to his feet, walking over to his omega and hugging him from behind. He lays a small, chaste kiss on his neck, breathing in his scent.
Heaven, he remembers, so this dream-Mary can’t even see him. His mother is in her early thirties, hair still long and blonde, wearing flared jeans and a colorful peasant top. She rolls her eyes at John’s comment and Dean swears she catches a glimpse of him, so he ducks behind the curve of the archway, but she looks right through the omega as she sighs. It makes him strangely melancholy, being so close to a reconstruction of his mom but not being able to engage…to hug or talk or smile at her.
“Buddy…” Dean sighs, pulling out of the man’s grip and taking a step backwards. “You’re a real piece of work.” He turns around, intent on heading towards the opposite end of the bar and away from this fucking creep, when his shoulder collides with someone tall and sturdy and…
Dean rumbles sweetly at the request and rubs his wet nose against Cas’ hand. He chuckles at the sensation, not even needing a supernatural bond to tell Dean is pleased with the idea of taking him shopping tomorrow. For a fleeting second he wants to lean down and kiss the top of his head, but stops himself, not wanting to be too affectionate too quickly and frighten his friend away. He pats the wolf’s head one final time and stands, following Ellen through the clearing in the trees. He can feel Dean’s presence still, guarding him as he walks away.
“Cas?” Dean called from the kitchen, and Castiel’s eyes became wide and frantic. He dropped the basket and swung the armoire open, stuffing the evidence of his discovery deep into the back. He had just managed to shut the armoire door, hands shaking, when Dean rounded the corner.
He hasn’t shifted in years and the process will be excruciating. The last thing he wanted to do was turn with an audience watching—the future packmaster should be able to turn at will, organically, flawlessly, like Dean can—but now isn’t the time to protect his pride. The arachne and its double eyes are staring down at him with glee, and whether he intends to bite Castiel and poison him, feed on his flesh, or attempt to turn him, the alpha doesn’t want to find out. He forces himself to close his eyes, spots of sunlight dancing in his vision like a kaleidoscope. His insides feel hollow and tight, like there’s an itch he just can’t scratch. He pushes past it until his limbs ache, until he feels sore in muscles he doesn’t recall having. It’s simply an uncomfortable feeling at first, like running a marathon after months of idleness, but eventually it gives way to a sharp and pricking pain. His legs twinge and his shoulders are burning and he growls through every sensation, his tongue catching the pointed edge of his front canine teeth. It happens quickly after that, the transformation: his bones are contorting, twisting like a pretzel, and he screams in open torment. One minute he’s howling with his human voice and the next he’s more animal, cracking open his eyes to watch his fingers turn to paws. Instinctively he tries to speak, but it comes out as a rumbling bark. The unbelievable pain has faded completely, as if it never happened, and the alpha feels strong and powerful.
Before he’s quite decided what to do next, he’s putting his guitar down and walking off stage. He takes the steps two at a time, ignoring his name being called, embarrassed as fuck that Castiel’s cover actually brought him to
It was sacrifice worth considering, maybe in a few months’ time. At least, that’s what Dean had been thinking
But if Castiel survives today, he’ll do just that. Their only kiss was twelve years ago, in the midst of war and death and destruction. The circumstances now aren’t much better, he thinks cynically, but he still wants to erase the original memory—no longer a goodbye kiss between them but an open-ended one, a plea for something he can’t quite put into words yet. He’ll kiss Dean in a slow and measured way, lingering, savoring, like the first sip of freshly brewed coffee. The possibility sends a flutter of nervous energy rolling across his stomach, but it propels him forward, gives him the momentum to finally face the day. He heads back inside and pads in the direction of the guest bedroom, passing his painting hanging over the mantle. He pauses halfway to his room, staring at the doorknob he’s been avoiding. He figures now is as good a time as any.
been promised three orgasms, right? He whined at the absence of stimulation and Castiel only chuckled, the bastard. A moment later, the gradual breach of Cas’ finger hardly did anything more than frustrate him. He pushed back against it, zealous and impatient, illogically seeking out what he really wanted to penetrate him…
“Yeah, yeah,” Missouri said dismissively. “Well, we might make it to the altar before you two—how’d that happen?”
“Dean, please—” If Castiel could just quiet down Dean, could talk some sense into Zachariah, then everything would work out...
“That’s why I wanna do this,” she said firmly. “He has major writer’s block, but he’s not opening up to me anymore. He’s spiraling...and I don’t know how to help him.” She frowned, and Castiel mirrored her expression. After fifteen years in the industry, he could certainly empathize. He knew how close a writer and editor could become.
“I know you will.” Dean closed his eyes, let himself lean into the mattress, focusing on the rise and fall of his chest. When Castiel pushed forward again Dean yielded, allowing himself to be slowly penetrated inch by inch until it seemed Cas had finally bottomed out. They were both breathing hard, but for totally different reasons—Castiel looked desperate to move, but kept his hips perfectly still, waiting for Dean’s say-so. For a few moments Dean was stiff and immobile, waiting for the burn to fade. He already felt a little sore, but his desire for Castiel far outweighed any discomfort. Besides, Dean knew the line between pain and pleasure was marginal. He reached for his own cock, which had gone soft during the adjustment period, and stroked himself back to hardness. Castiel watched him, sensually licking his lips.
“‘Uh, hey’? Seriously?” Anna’s voice was shrill, louder than Dean had ever heard it.  “Three months, Dean.
Instead he ran towards the door, swinging it open so urgently he wondered if he ripped it off the hinges. In his haze he left all his belongings behind, but he would come back for them eventually, deciding that he would wait for Dean to go a far and safe distance before retrieving them. He ran one hallway over and into the men’s room, taking residency in the handicapped stall.
“Cas…” Dean lifts his head up and scoots up, their lips a breath apart now, their gazes meeting for the first time in nearly a half-hour. Castiel’s eyes are so unbelievably blue and his face is filled with such unbearable pain and Dean cups his hand around Castiel’s jaw, leaning closer, both of their eyes shutting softly as they draw together—
Dean fights back a snort—he’s not really into the whole, let’s-put-the-library-on-a-pedestal thing. Sure, he loves where he works, but at the end of the day it’s not about the building. It’s about the people.
“You and Dean. What’s that saying—‘cut from the same cloth’? Jesus... I just got off the phone with him, Cas, and he’s in rough shape. I know this is hard for you, too, but—”
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean says dimly, looking down. For a split-second, he’d been so sure that all he needed was to drop by a bar and pick someone up, making Benny his natural wingman. But then Jimmy had come into the library, and he had talked to Cas on the phone, and everything had sorta spiraled out of control. Before he knew it, a week had passed and Dean had still been pining after a stranger. He feels bad for canceling on Benny, but he wouldn’t feel right involving someone else when he’s captivated by Castiel.
The omega’s transformation back into the world of the two-footed is rougher than he expected. It’s been years since he’s maintained his were form for more than a few hours, back in the days when he had been tasked with hunting meat for the pack. This go around, it took two straight days of running and preying and revelling until Dean began to lose himself in the simplicity of wolf life, the need to hunt and sleep and run over and over again.
They started with pumpkin carving. Initially Dean had been surprised that Cas had never done this before, but the more he thought about it, the more sense it made. No way his crazy ass mom had approved of any Halloween-related traditions, though Dean smiled at the thought of a nerdy, baby Cas and how much he would’ve loved Halloween. There was so much that Cas had missed out on, so many things that Dean couldn’t wait to show him.
“When my publisher is a manipulative dick, yeah.” Dean knew Cas would be horrified that he was talking to Zachariah this way, but you know, what Cas didn’t know wouldn’t hurt him.
, his hair still wet from their earlier shower, Castiel knew what was happening now with Dean was far exceeding his imagination.
A few minutes later, when they’re washing each other in the shower, Dean can’t help but hum “Tennessee Whiskey” under his breath. He blushes when Cas overhears and beams at him.
Charlie and Dorothy were standing up, climbing into their canoe. Cas, thankfully, was still sitting next to him on the quilt. “Dorothy and I are heading out,” she said.
“Want...more of you.” Dean cleared his throat, trying to steady his voice. “Didn’t I tell you earlier?”
to rewrite this manuscript today—he was literally down to the wire. And now, eight hours later, he was sitting around his kitchen table with Charlie, apparently avoiding all his problems all over again. “If anything, it’s more like Frodo with Mary or Pippin…”
“It’s both of yours, isn’t it? Even if he isn’t paying rent, Dean...he’s only nineteen, barely an adult, and the only parent he’s ever really known is changing things. Bringing someone new into his life. Both of your lives.” He sighed, looking at the tension building around Dean’s neck, and rubbed the muscles faintly with his thumb. Dean was taut and rigid, but relaxed slowly under Castiel’s touch. From behind, he wrapped a hand around the span of his omega’s shoulders, nestling his head into the crook of the other man’s neck. “I just don’t want to disturb your life. I don’t want to make things hard for you.”
He is partially clean, though, and when he ambles into the connecting bathroom he sees a washcloth on the counter, still damp. He pictures his alpha carrying him home bridal style, tenderly dropping Dean onto the mattress and wiping him up. He smiles at the thought—he sure as hell married up—and does his morning routine. He showers, wishing his husband would wake up and join him, but knowing his exhausted alpha deserves to sleep in. Dripping wet, arousal burns low in Dean’s belly, he had never believed that newly mated couples basically fucked like rabbits for a few days, but…his rapidly hardening cock would beg to differ. He doesn’t stroke himself though, wanting to save his morning wood for the hunk snoozing in bed, and dries off gingerly, slinging on a pair of sweatpants and creaking the door open and closed, sneaking off to the kitchen.
“Is this a pair you have already?” Castiel asked conversationally, as if he weren’t slowly taking Dean apart inch by fucking inch.
“Fuck!” Dean cries, the pads of Castiel’s fingertips grazing his prostate. “Right there, Cas, fuck, babe, right there.”
“Dean,” Castiel rasps out, voice like gravel from lack of use, and the corners of Dean’s eyes are wet with relief. There’s still a knot catching on his rim, but it’s human-sized again, a nearly perfect fit.
He cut his way through the crowd, perhaps more forcibly than he should—they were civilians, after all—but his hands were eager to touch Cas, to feel him, to grind against him…
Behind them, Dean heard feet shuffle. Leo was standing in the doorway, watching them curiously. Dean wondered how long he had been standing there. “Here are your wristbands,” the bartender said, taking a step closer. Dean broke away from Cas and walked towards him, reaching for the wristbands in his hand.
“Whatever...point is,” Dean continued impatiently, “I don’t really buy into that whole, omega and alpha true mate bullshit.” It was a practiced speech, one he had given at parties and dates, at home and work, at every available opportunity. Dean valued his free will, so not even his biology could force him into a relationship he didn’t wanna pursue. But a smaller, more honest part of his brain reminded him that he was weirdly transfixed after just meeting Castiel today…
“Never said I wasn’t,” Castiel replies flirtily, crossing his arms and looking his fill. If this morning’s weather is anything to go off of, it’s officially summer, which…Castiel has no qualms about. Dean is golden brown and firmly muscled, still wearing denim and a form-fitting t-shirt when all Castiel can think of is stripping him bare.
still angry with Cas. His boyfriend had an apparent inability to stand up to Zachariah, which really fucking sucked considering everything Dean might lose if he didn’t. But another part of him knew it wasn’t Cas’ responsibility to get him out of this mess...he had created it by not reading the contract. They were stuck in a web of roadblocks and complications with Anna and Zachariah on the outskirts, and Dean and Cas stuck at an impasse in the center. Neither wanted to compromise, neither wanted to lose each other. So they had spent the past two days cuddling and kissing and avoiding all discussion of the actual issue, despite the fact that Dean only had five days left to rewrite certain sections of the book. If that was what he decided to do…
“But not you,” Castiel replies matter-of-factly, realizing the game they’re playing now. It’s familiar, this dance—the subtle banter, the coyness, the timid sort of flirting they could never get past as teenagers.
“Hey, baby bro,” Gabriel greets, and his voice is weary and tired but he still manages to maintain some of his trademark playfulness. “You good?”
Dean nudged his head in the direction of his ass, up in the air and ready. “Clearly,” he retorted, and Castiel grinned and rolled his eyes, his weight leaving the bed as he searched through Dean’s duffel. Dean buried his head back into the comforter, musty and damp—they seriously should’ve stripped this thing off the bed before getting down to business, but Dean wasn’t interested in delaying this anymore than was strictly necessary—and waited for Cas to return. His footsteps must’ve been soft, though, because Dean felt him first: a pair of lips grazing his neck, traveling down his back, nipping the flesh of his backside, and then a tongue against...
good. The motion of Dean writhing on top of him, rocking his hips and setting a desperate rhythm, was enough to overwhelm Castiel. He leaned his head back against the seat, his legs feeling shaky and weak.
The pose changed again, this time with Dean straddling Castiel’s waist, legs gripping tight as Castiel held him up. Dean could already tell these photos had the potential to be more pornographic than commercial, and tried not to react when his own panty-clad erection was pushed against Castiel’s stomach. But the man was holding him up easily, big hands gripping Dean’s ass cheeks. He just looked too mouthwatering, and after all the compliments he had paid Dean, he couldn’t help but whisper, “Fuck, Cas, you’re so fucking sexy.”
It’s been over a decade but the older man’s shoulders grow taut and rigid. “S’not my day to grieve,” he says, distantly cold. “It’s yours.”
“Nope,” Dean answered cheekily, and Bobby shot him a doubtful look, so he cleared his throat and nodded. “Just, uh...you know, writing. I haven’t met my word count today.”
“Look at me.” Maybe it was the command in his voice, which apparently was a real fucking turn-on, surprise surprise, but Dean cracked his eyes open and tilted his head. Their faces had never been so close. Against his shoulder, Dean could feel the rise and fall of Cas’ chest, the labored breathing. He wondered if his heart was racing too.
“I’ll be honest, Cas—” Dean was still staring at Castiel’s rows and rows of books, looking apprehensive. “I was shit at school, so all this…academic stuff. I’m, uh—” He scratched the back of his neck and laughed self-deprecatingly. “Intimidated. I’m a fish outta water here, man.”
Dean knocked on the door and squinted, shielding his eyes from the sun. Sam was standing nearby with his hands in his suit pockets.
“Close your eyes,” Castiel repeats, ignoring Dean’s protest like a parent would a child, and the thought irritates Dean all over again. If Cas thinks he can come back from Chicago or Kansas City or goddamn Paris and just start giving out orders, then he clearly doesn’t know Dean very well at—
that Dean knows. He’s usually all mystery, all bravado. But surely he has a lot more layers that Dean’s yet to discover.
Trepidation and shock fill Dean as he turns, spotting the redhead witch looking down at him and grinning.
, which is beyond ridiculous, and the realization makes him lose whatever meager self-control he possesses. He surges up, wrapping his hands around to cup Castiel’s jaw on either side, and kisses him filthily. His tongue presses against the seal of Cas’ lips, granted entrance as the tip flicks inside teasingly. He wraps his arms around Castiel’s back and pushes him, heading down the hallway and towards the bedroom. Castiel lets himself be manhandled as far as the mattress, but then he flips their position with quick, sure footing. The back of Dean’s knees collide with the bed, ready to give way. Their lips break apart, chests panting softly, and Castiel’s eyes roam Dean’s face wide and searching.
The witch steps quietly towards them, the sound of her heels clicking against the floor. She only stops when her and Dean’s noses are practically touching, and whispers, “Come now, Dean, cheer up. You won
Castiel continued in low, rumbling voice, reciting nearly the entire poem. When he finished they were quiet for a moment. Dean pulled Castiel to him, their shoulders touching, Dean’s arms wrapped around him. Eventually Dean said, “Wow, you were one hell of a precocious teenager, Cas.”
“No,” Sam says firmly, answering again before Dean has the chance. “None of that. This has to be a fair fight.”
“Great,” Dean sighed, folding the map over in irritation, “all we gotta find is one tiny gardener in a literal conglomerate of huge-ass gardens.”
“Fuck, that’s embarrassing. What all did you see?” Dean pushes his face deeper into Cas’ neck, and he can imagine the other man trying to burying himself to escape the humiliation he’s feeling.
Ellen nods, then adds, “Just don’t forget—for the spirit blessing to be complete, you must consume the ashes tomorrow.”
Time moves quickly, as it always does when he loses himself in color and texture, and before long Dean is calling his name softly and telling him it’s “eatin’ time.” They sit down at the small oak table, devouring their hearty plates of food, while Dean steals glances at the drying canvas and beams at Cas.
“You’d be surprised,” Dean says with a chuckle, closing the front door. “Once, I had a fan pretend to be a friend of mine from high school. I went to a family dinner and she was chopping vegetables with
“I think you look handsome,” Cas pipes up, coming behind Dean to hand him a fresh cup of coffee and laying a quick peck on his cheek.
“Oh, does it?” Zachariah snorted, straightening to his full height. “You know, for a few days, I wasn’t even sure you were together. I had my suspicions, just seeing you two eyeballing each other like slabs of meat, but wow...you should’ve heard Dean on the phone, when I told him to leave you. Emmy award-winning stuff.” Something in Zachariah’s demeanor changed then—he seemed light, almost joyful. “Castiel, do you know what it sounds like when a grown man accepts defeat? When he gives up on something, or
Castiel, who had been frozen in the doorway for whatever reason, finally closed the door behind him. For all his innate hotness, the dude didn’t have much going for him in the style department. Slacks, suit jacket, trench coat—seriously, what early-to-mid twenty something wore a goddamn trench coat? If Dean had to make a judgment call, he’d guess he was too old to be an undergrad but too young to be a full professor…maybe a grad student, like Charlie? Or a freshly-degreed adjunct that the university was sucking dry?
Charlie finished up and headed towards the door. Before she turned the knob, she regarded him again. “Okay, Dean. Once more with feeling. What are you
Castiel felt the weight of their conversation land squarely on his shoulders, knocking the breath out of him. For some reason he felt like weeping—no matter what happened next, it was the end of an era. His oldest friend, his favorite co-worker, was leaving, abandoning everything that Chuck had so carefully built fifteen years ago...
“Not a sex god,” Castiel corrects him gently, putting a hand on his back as he works through his coughing fit. Once Dean recovers his faculties, Castiel mutters, “You said you had questions?”
“Yes,” Castiel agreed, as if this was an undeniable fact. “There’s a very subtle whiff of berry, but…it’s more rich. There’s a bite to it, a tartness that’s enticing. It tastes so velvety on my tongue. Dean...” Before he could contain his surprise, Castiel ran a thumb over his bottom lip, breathing deeply again, scenting him without a shred of timidness. “It’s chocolate. Dark chocolate.”
this whole thing is. He continues experimenting, licking and kissing Cas’ cock when he runs out of air, then swallowing it down again with renewed vigor. He wonders if Cas would like it as much as he does when fingertips gently stroke his balls, so he reaches a hand up and searches for them shyly, as if Cas’ dick isn’t already stuffing his mouth full. He lets his fingertips graze the sensitive skin there, rolling them around his palm as his mouth sucks impossibly harder, and then he hears, “Ohhhhh, oh Dean!” and he’s coughing, choking, come suddenly rolling out of the corners of his mouth.
“Joshua,” he said cautiously, quiet as a question, but the other man shrugged him off vehemently. Dean raised his eyebrows, not expecting that severe of a reaction. He was about to just say fuck it and let them all get royally screwed over by Zachariah—nothing could be worth borderline harassing a nice dude who just wanted to live his life in peace—but to his astonishment, when he glanced up, Castiel was blocking Joshua’s exit. Joshua sighed and glanced between Cas and Dean, finding himself properly surrounded.
Twenty minutes later Dean was parking the Impala just outside the Parthenon. The event organizers had reserved a paved spot across the street just for Cas, which—considering the cost of parking in the city—was fancy as fuck. Castiel was only carrying a briefcase, but as soon as they parked, his co-workers called and asked if Dean would help set up the book table. He nodded—Balthazar hardly had any meat on his bones, it was a wonder he had helped transport three hundred books
Dean turned around, expanding his arms nonchalantly. “Thanks, I guess, but there’s nothing to be worried about.”
A tear rolls from Dean’s eyes and off his nose, and he rubs away it with the back of his hand. “You saved him for me.” He exhales, shaking. “Oh god. Dad…I’m so sorry…”
“And so it’s ancient were ceremonial magic that can bust them open again,” John completes, looking grim.
“I wanna see you,” Dean mumbles, chest aching. He hasn’t seen Cas’ actual face in days. “Can you—move us?”
“Early for her, or early for you?” Sam asked sardonically. He leaned forward and pressed the button for the doorbell, waiting patiently. Dean cut his eyes at his brother. He was so
“I wanna see you,” he replied hoarsely. This moment would be a lot more than sex, and they both knew it. They had practically traded love confessions a moment ago, though they had pointedly avoided the “L” word...for obvious reasons. At least, Dean had avoided it, but he had been
It takes nearly ten minutes to finish pushing through, but finally Benny and Dean have reached the door. Dean is beyond ready to leave, so Benny tilts his head to Charlie and Sam, and they move to come outside and meet them. The outside is nearly just as crowded as the inside, and while some people are waving and shouting Dean’s name, if he hears the name
He decides to drive to Cas’ cabin instead of walking, that’s how eager he is to return—exhausted from the lack of sleep, but giddy nonetheless. Though it’s been hours since their illicit texting, he’s been half-hard ever since, barely suppressing his scent well enough to hide his arousal from his family. He expects Cas to have fallen back asleep, but on the off-chance he’s still awake…well.
There were waves of anxiety coming off of Dean and Castiel put a steadying hand on his back. There was nothing to say, no words of comfort to offer that actually rang true. The only way out was forward.
“So, what?” Sam said, voice rising and skeptical, following Dean towards the barn. “You’re not a writer anymore? Just a full-time farmer?”
“Ah, ten points to the Squirrel.” Crowley does a ridiculous, congratulatory bow. “Yes, I told him I have a very…powerful weapon in my posession. One that could kill a demon.”
“I can’t feel my legs, can you ah—” Dean stroks a soothing hand down his back. The small gesture calms him, and his uncertainty settles. There’s no big emotional moment, and he realizes now he’d been prepared for one. He half-expected Dean to yell at him to
, fuck, Cas,” Dean breathed. Castiel slid his pants and boxers to his knees and, without warning, took Dean’s fully hard cock into his mouth.
“You’re really making this a habit, huh?” Dean is leaned against an industrial-sized shelving unit and looking at Castiel teasingly. “Take a picture next time, babe.”
“Don’t,” he commands, voice both benevolent and firm, and Castiel seems to melt beneath him. “Just—just let me kiss you. Okay?”
“Real nice, Cas,” he said, walking stiffly, “abandon the guy who’s buying the booze.” Dean landed next to Castiel, their shoulders touching. He turned to the young man perched on Castiel’s left, and stared at him indignantly.
“Oh yeah, honey,” Missouri said, waving her hand casually. “Josh, you know I love you, but you got more daddy issues than a dime-store hooker.”
“Oh, hardly.” Rowena tosses her hair over her shoulder with a flourish. “I’m much too Scottish to help a non-profit organization sell mediocre biscuits.”
The morning after their second date, Dean wakes up in his bed with Castiel’s arm slung around him. He’s not sure how they immediately decided to do overnight stays, as if holding each other all night long and waking up together is a casual thing. It’s not, and Dean knows this…but he still can’t stop himself from snuggling in closer, a long and contented sigh escaping his lips. Last night had been incredible—Dean had decided to cook for Cas, who praised Dean’s cooking far more than was necessary. After some dinner conversation and a particularly steamy makeout session in the middle of washing dishes, they had ended up horizontal on the mattress. Thanks to the intensity of their earlier kissing, they were both too turned on to wait long, and ended up rutting against each other and coming simultaneously. Even though Dean had grand plans on doing so much more, it had felt amazing. To be honest, every interaction he had with Cas felt amazing.
The scent of Dean nearby. In the room, in fact. It filled up the air between them and made Castiel ravenous. He growled and tensed, knowing his control was tenuous at best around most unmated omegas during his ruts…but around Dean.
Their eyes meet across the room, holding each other’s gaze for longer than is polite considering they’re total strangers. Dean swallows nervously and forces himself to look away—it should be illegal to be that hot when Dean’s in a position where he can’t do jack about it. He’s kept his no-funny-business-at-work rule going for three years now, but he’s never wanted to break it quite this badly before.
doubting, and will never doubt, is how I feel about you.” He rests their foreheads together and Dean relaxes minutely but still looks contemplative.
but tonight was about giving Cas the reigns. A thrill ran through him when Cas deepened their kiss, falling further against Dean’s chest until his slacks were rubbing against Dean’s erection...and then an electrical surge of arousal made his insides burn. Everything changed very fucking quickly, very fucking fast.
He pulls away from the kiss after an elongated pause, hoping he waited long enough, that the message will go through.
“I’d bet all the jewels in my treasury that they’re headed to Wyoming,” Crowley says casually, though this clearly has an effect on everyone but Dean.
“I’m the one who doesn’t deserve you,” Castiel whispered, grasping Dean’s neck, his heart racing against Dean’s chest. “Dean, I’m...I’m so overwhelmed by all this. By my feelings for you, by how intense this is.”
