Still feeling unsteady, Sam shuffled around the bar, using the countertop as support until he was close enough to really take in the pictures. One of them showed a young Jo, blond hair up in pigtails and a gap in her smile, flanked by two people who Sam assumed were her parents. They looked happy and the sight made Sam sad. Next to it was a photo of Jo in her teenage years, a little gangly and a little awkward, wearing a blue dress and glaring at the camera while the woman from the first picture – most probably her mum – seemed to be laughing at her daughter’s grumpiness. The other photos looked much more recent. There, Jo and Charlie, standing arm and arm in front of the current roadhouse, smiling proudly. Here, a group picture of Jo and her mum with Bobby, Dean, and a man with dark hair and a trenchcoat. More photos of people Sam didn’t know, some looking old and faded out, some fresh and vibrant. Sam wondered how many of these people were still alive.
He tried his best to ignore the nagging voice in the back of his head because Cas would be fine. Cas was strong and independent and fucking badass and sure, he might be upset if something happened to Dean but he’d get over it…wouldn’t he?
The second they got out of the car, Bobby enveloped Sam in his arms and for a moment it was like no time at all had passed and Dean could see his baby brother, only 18, angry and scared, standing in the arms of the man that was more of a father to them than John had ever been. Then, Sam pushed back and the illusion broke. Sam wasn’t 18 anymore. He was 25. He was a widower. He was a man that had lost everything within one night.
“You a psychic now too?” Dean joked weakly.
he added in thoughts but there was no better plan so he just went with it.
“If you wanna call ‘em that, sure,” Dean replied with a shrug.
“So, you wanna bail? What’s gotten into you, Cas?”
“I cannot tell you where your father is,” she answered and maybe Dean was imagining it but there was a hint of regret in her voice.
He thought and stayed silent; so did the five Vampires. From afar, Dean could hear steps carefully treading through the dark tunnels,
“Yeah, I –”
He heard snickering behind his back and glared at Adam and Jo who just grinned even wider before following Bobby across the tracks.
“Oh, no, what a witty comeback,” Ben moaned theatrically, “Whatever shall he do?”
Somewhere in Sam’s brain, a record screeched to a halt. “You what?”
“Alright, I’m listenin’.”
With trembling hands, Sam took it. “H – hello?”
“What?” Cas asked perplexed.
“I thought you saw,” he muttered.
“I don’t think it’s blood,” Cas answered, “And I think I know what we’re dealing with and where to find the kids.”
Lisa shook her head, chuckling lightly, “I don’t think I’ve ever seen him so enthusiastic about school,” she commented.
Dean sputtered, “What?”
“Dean.” Cas’ voice was calm but demanding. A single word, carrying so many messages, and Dean understood them all.
“So, what? You’re some kind of Psychic now?” Dean asked.
“Fiona Hailey?” Dean asked, a charming smile on his face, though Sam could also see the slight strain underneath.
He kept going through the archives with Eileen, sorting through old files on old cases, entering everything they found into their database which was so much more than Sam could have ever even dreamed of, learning ASL in the process.
“There. You can have this one,” Dean proclaimed, kicking open a door and revealing a generic bedroom, “I’m just down the hall. Room 11. Shower’s thataway. Kitchen to the right.”
Swallowing around the lump in throat, Sam asked, “What are you doing here?” and Dean frowned, clearly taken aback.
“Yeah well, he’d be a lot better if I was there with him,” Dean snapped and took the bottle, almost emptying it in one swig before slamming it back onto the counter and walking out. He couldn’t breathe. Ellen was right, he
Sam had to admit it really didn’t sound so bad. “So Claire and Ben know what’s going on?”
“Home sweet home.”
“You should rest, Dean,” Cas muttered.
“Don’t get smart with me boy.” Dean pointed a finger at his half-brother and winced at his own tone. Just when had he started to sound like dad? Luckily, Adam just laughed and stepped forward.
“Son of a bitch.”
Plates were put back into the cupboard.
Jody cleared her throat, redirecting Charlie’s attention back to her. “Bobby around?”
Jo said over the phone; except it wasn’t Jo. Still, Dean felt something incredibly cold running down his spine at the sound of the familiar voice. The voice of a girl that was like a sister to him.
“I do,” he confirmed and Lisa smiled. It was probably the first honest smile he had seen from her since he had shown up.
, praying, begging for you to come back. I thought you left me!” he shouted. Quickly, Dean strode over to Cas and lay both hands on his shoulders and the way Cas flinched hurt more than anything else Dean could imagine at the moment.
“Not really,” Dean grumbled, his eyes still fixed on the scenery outside, “Let’s just find Sam.”
Again, Sam blinked. “Jess,” he croaked, his voice broke at the single syllable, shattering Dean’s heart into a million pieces.
and he was
“A Demon?”
Fist fights with Vampires were not exactly something he could recommend; that much Dean could say after receiving a hit against his jaw. All he needed was to get enough distance between them so he could actually use his machete. The flash light had long since shattered on the ground and the darkness wasn’t really helping; he was in disadvantage here. Vampires didn’t need light, Dean did.
“Dean, you hate Witches.”
“I fucked up!” Dean repeated, “Claire wants to move to New York, I said no way, she flipped her shit, so did I, she left.”
“Sure. See you tomorrow.” He watched as Dean walked away and disappeared into a room down the hall, leaving Sam alone with his thoughts.
“I got the address. It’s not far.”
“Let’s do this,” he said, leading the little group to the cabin and knocking on the door. Once. Twice. Three times. A low groan sounded from inside, hesitant footsteps, slowly coming closer. Sam adjusted his grip on the machete, turning his body to hide it from side, just as the door opened and the pale face of a dark-haired woman peeked through the gap.
Dean couldn’t get Osiris’ words out of his head. What had he meant, Sam had known what would happen? But every time, he asked Sam about it, his brother just shut off. Like he did with everything these days.
“Sam –” he started, gulping audibly, “That was Sam.”
“Well yes but that’s hardly –” Dean started but then stopped himself. He thought of Trixy again. “Was there anything…off? With the kids?”
“It’s alright,” Dean said, “Dad did that, lying. I mean it’s part of the job description, being a Hunter, but he…” Dean shook his head, trying to find the right words, “He was really good at it.”
“You did. I’m the one who screwed that up afterwards.”
They were family, after all.
With a frown, Sam got out. “What is this place?”
“No, you’re not,” Bobby grumbled as he strode past Dean, “Now stop whining and move your ass, princess.”
“Yeah right.”
According to Bobby, there had been eight dead bodies over the last three months, all drained of blood and two more were still missing.
“Hey, you alright?” Dean asked his brother.
The ‘
“Do you know why we’re here?” Dean asked, trying to direct Missouri’s attention away from his brother.
“That’s well and good Sammy. But we’re not abandoning Cass.”
Dean doesn’t have enough mental fortitude to do more than nod and flop onto his bed in shock as Cass walks on shaky legs out of the room.
This isn’t what he came here for. The talking and reliving the olden days, not that they were anything to brag about, he was a freaking demon. What Dean came here for in the first place was to find a girl; something he seemed to be failing miserably at.
“So…” Castiel says slowly, “Does this mean that – you know – that we’re together now?”
His hands feel numb in his lap. He isn’t sure what to do with them. Should he use them to comfort Dean just like in the movies? Is that something Dean would appreciate at this moment?
Thanks for reading!
So he tries to temper his flush as he slides into the window booth. This café is mostly frequented by people on their way to work in the city. Mostly everyone wears professional clothes or at the very least, some jeans. Coming here in pajama bottoms and a robe is definitely not normal – especially for him.
desire?” His tongue lilts on the end of the word.
“Cass, is this your way of not talking about something.”
“But there are some things I don’t want you around for… and that you might not want me around for.” Sam continues. “Sex, obviously and gardening. That’s when Cass and I get to talk each other’s ears off.”
“I couldn’t help it Dean. The pleasure made me lose control.”
It’s like a dam has broken within him.
“W-would that make you happy.”
Cass.
Thank you to
Cass stares at him for a long time. Dean sees the indecision in his eyes, but he also sees the resolution. He’s going to leave. No matter what.
His head is swimming as Jack and Sam embrace him. His feet are rooted in place and all he can do is stare longingly.
He has to make it up, he realises. Popping open the front seat compartment, he flips open the book, finding the page he wants in the dim lighting.
“He’s okay.” Dean says glancing over to Sam.
“But I’m not supposed to feel these things.” Michael complains.
“Hold up.” Dean raises a hand. “That’s Cassie.”
“I’ll always go with you Dean.”
How quaint. Wanders around the living room. He can barely stand it, which means that it’s exactly the kind of things humans like. Warm, cosy, homely.
“Nah.” He says, leaning on the door, “I’m trying to save just a little of my dignity. Although, send someone in with clothes. If I bend over right now, I don’t think I’ll be coming back up for a while.”
He wants to say no. But her hopeful expression stills his tongue. “You’re prohibited from anything to do with fire though.”
“Ugh.” He says looking away. Instantly knowing that
Sticking his tongue out at Sam, Dean takes the bag from Cass graciously. Peering inside, he feels his stomach flip at the array of flavors.
will get Cass’ attention. But antagonising Cass won’t do him any favours now.
“Oh.”
“Dean Winchester’s mind is a fickle thing,” he says evenly, slowly uncrossing his legs. It’s strange to see Dean’s body move like this. In almost choreographed steps, each one deliberate. Dean’s movements are usually free, his hands doing whatever they want, his posture bad. Michael is the definition of prim and proper.
“How can I be ‘okay’ when you sit here suffering every day for eternity?”
Unnatural!
His brother bends forward, balancing his elbows on his knee. He’s clearly panicking, but Sam is too. This is the one thing Cass didn’t want Dean to know. And here he is knowing it. Dean’s face is rife with shock. He suspects that when the creature suggested Cass’ love, he had laughed it off because he’s that oblivious. Just like Sam had been.
Wincing, Sam glances away as he feels a flush creeping up his neck. “I can’t remember.”
Stupid. That’s what he is. For sulking. For pretending that they weren’t when Cass is one of the realest things in his life. He should have never wakled out of that room. Dean should have stayed… said yes and let Cass know that he knows they’re real too. That their fight was temporary.
That must be the extent of their profound bond. He was able to recognize a gap in Dean’s life and fill it. They really are the perfect match.
“No Cass, you’re still you.”
Crowley smirks, making a kissing noise at Sam. “My safe word is ‘hellhound.’” He says holding out his hands for the restraints to be snapped on.
Dean’s eyes shift from left to right. It’s as though… he’s wondering how to steal a panda Ace Ventura style.
His mind chooses that moment to conjure up the image of Cass lying in this exact position on his bed. His legs flailing and Dean’s hand wrapped around him, stroking him to completion. The sounds that came from his lips are exactly like the noises that Dean is holding back now. The peaceful, blissed out expression on his face is what drives Dean over the edge.
“What?” he blurts. How can he figure out a proper nickname for someone as great as Dean.
Moaning comes from inside the room. Either Cass is having an orgy or he’s watching porn.
He’s back to his hunter persona. A macho man with no attachments and an unhealthy obsession with the well-being of his brother.
will be the one to give Cass is first blow job.
Cass seems to consider this before turning to Sam and nodding, “Okay.”
Sam groans. “Think, bunker friendly.”
He feels Adam tense, his breath hitching as the man moves closer.
“Oh?”
When Dean remains silent, Castiel continues. “Then what? When you’re dead what purpose will I have in this world?”
“You’ll be here for him though.” He says almost probingly. What Castiel really wants to know if whether Dean will be okay if he leaves because as much as Castiel wants to stick around and make sure Dean is okay for himself… he doesn’t think that is the best course of action. First of all Dean probably never wants to see him again, now that he knows the truth about Castiel’s feelings and secondly… Castiel would
“It seems you’ve been through some trauma Mr Winchester.”
Scowling, he doesn’t dignify that with a reply.
“Don’t worry.”
The phone is ringing. It’s Sam and he knows he should answer it, but his mind is thrumming with thoughts. Thoughts of Cass. Everything else is out of focus, secondary. Because Dean feels the crushing defeat seep in.
Sucking in courage, Castiel chances a look. His expression is incredulous but the loathing the angel expected to see is not present. He doesn’t know what to make of it and there isn’t enough time to process it now.
That grabs his attention. That means that everything he heard was real. Dean had missed him, Dean cared… Dean saw him that night. And while that night was only three months ago for Dean, for Castiel it felt like years had passed. Dean’s prayers had probably stopped as Lucifer drained his grace. Meaning that he’d never been abandoned. And that thought alone, having Dean’s comradery, grace or not, is what prompts his reply.
“Right.”
“There is something the Demon said,” Dean remembered, suddenly, “He said that something was hiding Sam from its sight, and Sam…remember how he said that his visions or whatever it is started as soon as they moved into the new house?”
“Dean, what the hell are doing?” Sam asked, fear seeping into his voice.
“Yeah.” Sam nodded his head. “Yeah, he – he explained.” Cas’ face gave nothing away but Sam forced himself to continue. “I’m sorry. I – I jumped to conclusions.”
“But I don’t,” Adam almost whispered, “I used to have a life with my mum and then she died and I was looking for John but I couldn’t find him and the next thing I know is, I’m possessed by some Demon, kidnapping my own father, threatening to kill him and now he’s dead too, I just…I have no idea what to do.”
Visiting Fiona Hailey’s house didn’t help either, seeing as she wasn’t there, and the woman at the hospital reception had little answers to their questions.
The older woman shrugged, “Hunter’s bar,” she mumbled.
“For what?” Cas asked and Dean could see how tense the other man was, his hand placed on his gun.
“Bobby,” Cas explained, “We need to find out if Gordon was telling the truth.”
He had left the car by now, machete in one hand, a flash light in the other because it was slowly getting dark and Gordon had said something about tunnels. Dean walked towards the line of trees, cautiously listening for any sounds but all was quiet.
Swallowing the rising panic inside him, Dean managed to hiss, “Why? You wanna ‘talk’ to him as well?”
“I’ll call as soon as we’re done.”
“And where would we find him?” Cas asked, giving the girl a kind smile.
Dean closed his eyes, a cold shudder running down his spine. He had hated Bela but she certainly hadn’t deserved that. Hell. No one did.
, you did your homework.”
, he nearly said, except if this woman knew Bobby, knew where he was, knew a way to contact him, even, that name wouldn’t help anyone, “Winchester.” The word felt foreign in his mouth. It wasn’t his. Not anymore. Not for a long time. “Sam Winchester.”
Dean spun around, not having noticed Cas who now stood in the doorway, arms crossed in front of his chest.
“Dad used to bring us there in between Hunts when we were kids. He was a good guy.”
“Not – not quite,” Sam answered carefully, “We’re here to help. We’ll take you to the hospital, but – but we need to talk to you first.”
, Dean, Sam thought desperately,
“I’m sorry, I gotta go.” Dean knocked over the half empty bottle in his hurry to get up and leave but Cas’ voice held him back, “Dean Winchetser, don’t you dare go out that door now.” But Cas didn’t sound angry, just slightly annoyed. “I don’t care for your sexual exploits before we even met and if Ben is your son, which is clearly what you are thinking right now, then all I have to say is that you would be a great father.” Steps were coming closer and Dean could feel Cas’ breath in his neck. “Look at me, Dean.” Dean turned around and found himself staring into a pair of fond, deep blue eyes, and a pair of strong hands on his shoulders. “Calm down. You can talk to Lisa if you want but
“Does it matter? Ben has a father and it’s not you,” she snapped and banged the pot onto the kitchen counter.
She gave him a sympathetic smile. “I know it’s a lot,” she said, “You shoulda seen me after Bobby gave the Supernatural 101 lecture.” She was clearly aiming to lighten the mood and Sam managed a weak twitch of his lips but didn’t say anything, instead allowing a more or less comfortable silence to settle over them. Jody was right, it was a lot. Sam’s headache rose and fell like the tides of the ocean and he wished he had a drink. Maybe this would be easier if he was drunk again, if he didn’t have to think.
It was nothing like the Hunts from his childhood, nothing like he’d imagine it to be.
“Sam –”
“Would you say your death was his fault?”
“Right.” Dean nodded, standing up a little straighter. “Course. Sam.”
“Morning.”
“What
“Are you gonna tell me what’s going on?”
“What d’ya say Ben…think your mum’ll let me take you on a ride later?”
It only took about ten minutes to get everything to the car and Dean was just about to get behind the wheel when the brunet stopped him. “I don’t think you should drive right now, Dean,” Cas told him, his voice leaving no room for argument, “You’re upset and you’re not going to be any help to Sam if you drive off the road in the dark.”
“You’re late,” Jody chided him.
Jody nodded. “Often do,” she answered, sipping her coffee, “Usually not here though, but I figured you might appreciate a friendly face in the morning.
Finally, his brother looked up, a strange expression on his face. “Do I?” he challenged, “Phone’s work both ways, y’know, and I don’t remember you calling me to catch up.”
“Shhh, calm down, Andrea. It’s going to be okay,” the doctor told her. “What about you?” he asked.
“Sam Winchester!” he exclaimed, “I heard all about you.”
“Yes. According to him, the father was very strict and easily lost his – Sam are you alright?” Cas interrupted himself and Dean quickly turned towards his brother. Sam’s face showed pain, while he pinched the bridge of his nose.
“Sam?” Cas repeated, “Your brother Sam?”
“Look.” Dean sighed. “I don’t know what happened to you. Something obviously did. But I’m not gonna ask you to talk about it right now ‘cause it’s been 15 years and you’re your own person, but – you know where to find me. I wanna be part of your life, Sam. I wanna know who my brother is. Let me know when you’ve figured out what you want.” And then he was standing up and saying goodbye to Jody and Charlie and other people Sam didn’t know and he was walking away, leaving Sam behind at the bar, halfway through a bottle of whiskey.
“Well? What ya wanna know?” Dean asked and grabbed a beer from the fridge.
“Okay, you’re speaking in riddles.”
“I get it,” Adam continued, “You don’t know me and you don’t trust me and you’ve got your own baggage at the moment with your brother but…I don’t know. Whatever. Forget I said anything.” Adam stood up, shuffling towards the sink and Dean’s head was spinning, his mind racing.
He’d always hoped so, of course, always thought that if Demons existed and Hell was a place, surely Heaven to be out there somewhere, surely in between all the Bad, something Good could happen.
“Why?” Ben asked, raising his chin in defiance.
“Dean –”
“I don’t think it’s a coincidence.” C
What the hell was going on?
“I was being chased by Hellhounds. Dean is good but he isn’t that good, so no, it wasn’t fault. He couldn’t’ve stopped it. Not forever, anyway.”
“You mean you had a vision?”
“Yes,” Cas nodded, searching in the pile of papers on the table until he found what he had been looking for, “The real mother died 25 years ago in a house fire.”
“Good,” the doctor said before throwing a question look at Sam who nodded. “Andrea, I need you to come with me.”
Charlie whisked around behind the bar, pouring Sam a whisky and Jody a glass of water, chatting about someone named Jo who was with someone else named Garth – “Possible Werewolf in Iowa,” she explained, the words more directed at Jody than Sam – before asking about Jody’s husband Sean and Jody’s job and Jody’s friend Donna, while Sam sat awkwardly next to them, listening to their conversation but not having anything to contribute.
“Ben, this is Dean, he’s an old friend.” There was a trace of an eye roll on her face but otherwise she just seemed happy to have her son home. “Are you hungry?”
Dean shivered lightly. He felt like shit, because Adam had just lost his family and now he was trying to figure out how to deal with that. Because Adam was a Winchester and he, Dean, and Sam where all he had left of a family. Because Dean knew what Adam felt and he still tried to push him away.
That night, Sam found a bottle of Jack and emptied the whole thing staring at a crack on his ceiling until he passed out, spending the following day huddled up under a pile of blankets nursing his hangover and ignoring the knocks on his door.
The years really were that heavy, and the distance really was that wide.
“Sam –” Dean pressed his brother, “Sam what are you – ”
“You.” Dean spat on the ground.
“We got dead man’s blood and Cas taught me a spell or two that’ll slow ‘em down,” Dean answered, “Try not to aim for the neck unless you have to.”
“I take it back, you’re amazing,” Adam grinned in between sips.
Following his instincts, Dean walked through the darkness, careful not to make too many sounds, always listening if something was moving around him; he was well aware that he was going right into a lion’s den, or y’know, Vampire’s den. Whatever. Same difference.
Sam heard Dean let out a shaky breath. “I fucked up, Cas,” he answered.
“Yeah. What’s going on?”
“Well, yes but –” Jess attempted to say but was interrupted by the god, “- and isn’t that the reason why you died? The secrets that he kept?”
” said Cas, his voice accompanied by the sound of his fingers typing on the keyboard, “
“Yes, I work here every Saturday,” Kelly answered nervously.
“Yeah.”
They could see smoke from the distance. White, thick smoke. The road was empty so Cas drove faster, trying to get them closer to the Roadhouse except…the Roadhouse was gone. All that was left were black ruins and the smell of burned flesh.
“Look at him. Really look. The way he speaks, the way he acts. He’s different.” There were a hundred knives turning in his gut, making him blind with pain and tears.
“Sam!” Dean quickly got up and walked towards his brother who was practically curled together on the floor now. “What’s wrong?”
“Well I don’t know,” Missouri snapped at him, “I’m not a Magician, I might be able to read thoughts and sense energies but I can’t just pull facts out of thin air. Sit,” she ordered and completely dumbstruck, Dean did just that. “I’m sorry about your wife, Sam.”
“Well, you’re both so sure, go ahead. Kill me,” John said. His voice was calm, certain and suddenly, Dean wavered. He watched as his father cast his eyes down, awaiting the shot and Dean was sure it was the Demon because John had never, not in 25 years, told him that he was proud but…what if he was wrong? What if this was John and Dean shot him and -
Both, Sam and Dean stared at John with wide eyes.
“You’re lying,” Dean responded and Cas actually smiled weakly. He wasn’t the only one who could tell when the other man was being dishonest, that went both ways and Dean wasn’t going to ignore it.
“I told you so?”
“You’ll get there,” he said, not unkindly, “In the meantime, you’re invited for dinner.”
“No,” Missouri answered and Dean deflated,
“What did you see, Sam?” Dean asked concerned after another of Sam’s visions.
Dean huffed, pulling his hand out of his pocket to rub the back of his neck. He was still holding his phone, Sam noticed. “Not much to understand.”
“Argh!”
“That was Jesse,” he explained, “Says there might be a Vampire Nest in not too far from here.”
Two people, a boy and a girl, both around Claire’s age, most likely, were sitting at the desks Dean had referred to as the Network Station, looking incredibly bored and vaguely tired.
Sam woke up to a splitting headache and a crick in his neck. His mouth felt like something had died in there and been left to rot. Bleary eyed, he blinked at his surroundings. He was still sat at the bar in the roadhouse, though everyone else seemed to be gone and the first sunbeams filtered through the smudged windows, a bit too bright for Sam’s liking, making him groan.
“Why?” Mrs. Miller almost screamed and Dean felt himself losing his temper. Was she even serious?
“What’s that?”
Sam nearly choked on thin air. “What?”
“Thanks boys.”
The first thing Sam noticed upon entering the War Room was Benny sticking a straw into a blood bag, one arm slung over Dean’s shoulders, both men laughing at something Charlie had said.
“We should leave,” she signed, casting one glance at Cas and Dean still lost in their bubble.
There, in the parking lot, leaned against the hood of the Impala, stood Dean, one hand stuffed into the pocket of his jacket, the other pressing a phone to his ear.
Sam shrugged. “Didn’t wanna be found,” he answered.
“Just a few routine tests.” But there was something about his tone that Dean didn’t like. He was too tense, his smile a little too wide, but when he opened his mouth to speak up, Sam stopped him.
Dean flashed a quick glance to Cas who nodded almost unnotably. The phones were dead, they both knew that.
“Let’s go to bed, Dean.” Cas offered his hand and Dean accepted it, following Cas across the room towards the bed where they snuggled against each other and Dean felt a little bit better with Cas’ arms wrapped around him.
“Not without you.” And that was Dean’s last word. He’d always chose Cas because there was no real choice and Ben was safe here. Safe with his family.
“You alright, son?” Bobby’s voice sounded far, far away, but Sam could hear the concern and tried to nod his head.
He couldn’t say it.
They both watched Matt leave and when it was just Dean and Lisa, Dean felt incredibly awkward standing on Lisa’s doorstep.
“So? It might be really awkward if you met?”
Except that’s what he’d done, wasn’t it? Going to Stanford, playing house with one girlfriend after the other.
“Dean,” he whispered but Dean cut him off, “Don’t,” he said, “Just don’t.”
“I’m family to
He remembered the feeling he had gotten more and more often during the past months, the nagging fear...He hadn’t been sure what it was until now. The fear of losing Sam. Now it was too late, he had already lost him, had lost him the minute, the Demon had gone after Jess. He saw now that Sam was too much like John, ridden by anger, revenge. He, Dean, had spent so much time stepping into his father’s footsteps, he had never stopped to notice who Sam had become without even trying.
. It felt real. And I should have known but I thought they were just nightmares and when I lay in bed that night and felt something dripping on my face, I knew what I was going to see. I knew it, Dean, and I didn’t stop it.” Sam looked devastated, broken.
“And you died because of a Crossroad deal?”
He wanted so badly to explain. To tell her what was really going on, to warn her that her son wasn’t her son anymore, that he was dangerous. But he didn’t. He let her go back inside, hoping that it wasn’t too late to fix things.
“I’m Sam, by the way.”
Sam scoffed at the memory and turned the key in the ignition.
“You think that’s what happening here? Some freaky Demon virus?” Dean asked.
Cas shrugged. “Hillary kills her sister by accident and becomes a swimming champion. Keiron Winter sells alcohol to a teenager, the teenager dies, Winter stops drinking. Piszczek rapes and kills a girl, goes to prison, where he learns to regret his actions. He even apologized to the parents.”
It took them a few hours to get to the address and Dean was definitely not prepared for what he saw. There were police officers everywhere, neighbours standing around, watching, and a body bag that was being carried towards an ambulance. He didn’t even have words for it and apparently, neither had Cas or Sam. They just sat in the car and starred at the scene before them.
“Sammy, Sammy, Sammy.” Dean shook his head in false disappointment. “You really
“Yes, I am, Dean. And have you asked yourself why?”
“Alright, Sam?” Dean asked, sounding genuinely concerned.
“This thing goes south just...get the hell out. Don't get yourself killed all right, you're no good to us dead.”
It took another hour for Cas to finally get out of bed and when he finally did, he was extra grumpy, his hair a complete mess and Dean didn’t dare speak to him before he had at least three coffees in his system.
“Alright that’s it,” Bobby had grumbled, “I don’t need a bunch of idjits moping around in my house. Get out, the lot of ya. There’s a case in Indiana, so go and do somethin’ useful.”
“Shut up,” the boy snapped, the gun pointed at Dean.
The parking lot of the Wildlife Sanctuary Animal Centre was small, shady from the trees surrounding it. Dean knew he should turn around. He knew he was being reckless and unprofessional and what he was doing was in the ‘Top Ten Of Things That Get You Killed On A Hunt’- list but the thing was…the thing
Dean felt like the punchline of a bad joke, sitting at a dinner table, in the middle of a Hunt, next to his boyfriend, and his half-brother, while his ex-one-night stand was serving lasagne, her son was talking about girls and cars, and her soon to be husband was asking awkward questions.
“An Oaktree?” Adam asked
“Shit,” Dean cursed. Quickly he drew his weapon and fired at the old lady, while shouting over his shoulder, “Adam get into the storage room, close the door, don’t come out!”
“You know what? I don’t care. Fuck this shit.” He stalked off, not even knowing where it was he was going.
Dean actually contemplated that option for a second but decided that it wasn’t worth the hassle.
“If you wanted to check up on us, there would have been nicer ways than breaking into our Nest.”
“Because I wanted to,” Madison answered.
“Fair enough.”
“I want to,” he replied, his hands surprisingly steady despite his racing heart.
“For good reason,” Dean countered, “The way dad treated us, it wasn’t right. You saw that way before I did.”
“Jane?” he asked into the empty room.
“Bobby, I’m not sure that’s a good idea.” Dean was currently standing in the kitchen, contemplating if whisky in his coffee at ten in the morning was a good idea.
“Dean is right, Sam. Your wife’s death is not your fault,” Cas said firmly.
“No idea,” Dean answered, taking a sip from his coffee and revelling in the bitter taste, “We’d just finished that case in Denver, you told Cas about the human sacrifices, and then Sammy called in the middle of the night saying that the Demon that killed mum was back and that it killed Jess. We hit rode and you know the rest…”
When Dean finally stopped the car and realized where he was, he groaned in-and outwardly. It hadn’t been a conscious decision to come here of all places but he should have known that he would.
.” Dean hit his hand against the wheel and accelerated towards Nebraska against his better judgement.
“What the hell is happening?”
Dean wanted to ask what he was talking about but the expression on Sam’s face was enough to stop him. Sam was serious about this and if there was even the faintest chance for them to stop this from happening, they would.
“Dean.”
“Sorry son, had to check,” Bobby muttered but still he seemed cautious, almost nervous. Again, Dean’s eyes were drawn to Cas who still hadn’t said a word.
“I just don’t understand what is happening,” Max’ mother cried frantically.
“I said shut up!”
Now it was Dean’s turn to stare blankly, “What?”
“He’d be furious,” he finally muttered. He could see the confusion in Sam’s and John’s eyes but he ignored it. Something was wrong.
Letting out an annoyed huff, Sam got up again and walked over to the closet, surprised to see a set of white shirt, sweatpants, and blankets neatly folded within, along with a packed toothbrush and toothpaste.
“Cas?” he asked carefully.
“I’m freaking out here, Cas,” Dean whispered eventually, “I mean, come on, seriously? Death visions? That’s not right, he’s not supposed to have those, he’s supposed to be the normal one of us.”
The long, sad look, Cas gave him was almost answer enough. But only almost.
Sam’s ears were ringing while he tried to process the words, the bar around him slowly fading more and more into the background, colours and noises bleeding together into something incomprehensible.
“Don’t need to pick you up, though, do I? You’re already here.”
“What happened?” Dean asked, now a little bit more awake.
Dean hadn’t even noticed the others coming out of the room but now they all stood in front of the Impala and both Cas and Adam looked at him as if he was about to drop dead any second and that couldn’t be. He was supposed to be strong. He was supposed to protect them.
how adorable that was and Dean tried to be angry here, okay?
“We’re not going in at all,” Dean replied, “If we break down that door guns blazin’ they will attack and that’s not what we want. This ain’t a Hunt, Sam. We’re gonna watch them, we’re gonna see what’s going on in there, and then we’ll talk to them.”
Dean wasn’t interested in a fight so he decided to cooperate for now, still, he remained vigilant because these Vampires might have gone vegan but that didn’t mean that they weren’t dangerous anymore.
“’Sup, Jodes?” she greeted her, “Who’s your giant?”
“Men of Letters? Never heard of them.”
“So,” Claire spoke up once her plate was all but licked clean, “Dean’s brother Sam. Any good stories about Dean as a kid? I’m fresh outta blackmail material.” She wagged her brows at him, and paired with the anguished “Oh, hell, no,” from Dean, it startled a laugh out of Sam.
“I’m not the one making it, merely repeating what Dean has already decided.”
“Did you sleep at all?” Sam asked once Dean had finished the call.
“So, what? You think, Max could have done that? How?” Dean asked. Sure, the story was tragic and he felt sorry for the kid but he didn’t see how Max could have killed his father and uncle.
Somewhere in the depths of the Bunker, a door fell closed with a loud bang, but Sam ignored it in favour of leafing through the Spell book, turning onto the first page.
“I’m just saying. We don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to, but…the offer stands.”
“Sammy, shut up.” Dean strode forward, now standing right in front of his brother. “Come here.” He pulled him into a tight hug and for a second, Sam tensed up before relaxing into the touch and closing his ridiculously long arms around the smaller man.
Sam froze, staring at his brother.
“What? A mother Changeling?”
“Shut your cakehole,” Dean said before starting the car again.
They were on the road within the hour, singing along to Bon Jovi about being wanted dead or alive, way over the speed limit, and strangely enough it really did feel like old times. Sam and Dean against the rest of the world.
“Tell me about him, then.”
Sam opened his mouth, only to realise that he had no idea what to say. There was nothing that could make any if this better, nothing that could change things.
Finally, Dean tore his gaze away from the brunet to meet Sam’s eyes. “Vampires, Sam,” he said, as if Sam hadn’t been there for past half hour bearing witness, “You and me. Just like old times.”
“So? Dude, she always does what she wants.”
“Not much,” Dean answered, “I was only 4…only thing I remember is dad yelling at me to get Sam outta there. He started Hunting after that. Thought us everything he knew but never about that Demon…whenever he had a lead he’d take off without us and wouldn’t talk about it afterwards.”
Dean definitely wasn’t convinced.
“Well, then who did?” he asked, knowing perfectly well that John probably didn’t know the answer to that. Instead of replying, their dad simply turned around and walked away; Dean and Sam exchanged a curious look before following him.
,” Cas corrected, “You’re brother doesn’t know me.”
“Remember that fight we had in Oklahoma? Right before Osiris took us?” Dean nodded. Of course, he remembered. “I went to a bar and there was that woman, Meg, and we talked and I – I don’t really remember. I was drunk but I think I told her about Jess. How she died and I felt guilty and…other stuff. I think that’s how Osiris found me in the first place; must have overheard us.” Sam’s eyes were cast to the ground in shame. “I’m sorry, Dean.”
“You never told me what you did. Back then. Always that it was ‘the family business’. Well, I guess now I know. Dean Winchester, the Monster Hunter.” There was something like awe in her eyes. “Cas is a very lucky man,” she whispered eventually.
“Anyway, I’ll be back for dinner. Love you.” Matt gave Lisa a quick kiss before rushing towards the car.
“Dean!” Sam followed Dean out of the War Room back into the War Room, only distantly noting that not only was Cas still sitting at the desk, but Ben and Clair were also there, slouched over the map table. “Cas’ book?”
“Where?” Dean questioned.
“Lenore this my brother, Sam. Sam, Lenore.”
“Go, Ben!” he shouted but Ben wasn’t listening. He wasn’t even looking at Dean, but at something behind him, his eyes wide with fear. Dean turned around and saw the Changeling kicking Adam in the chest, sending him flying across the room. “Fuck!”
“Man, I’m glad you’re here,” Dean said and pulled Cas in a tight hug who returned it with surprise.
didn’t like the idea of Sam being alone with that lunatic.
“It’s Friday,” Cas answered, as if that explained anything. It didn’t.
“Right. And it’s so much better when it’s Cas who dies, is it?” Dean felt anger rushing through him. He wanted to punch something, scream, anything, that was better than this.
Dean stopped the car and they both got out; he had parked at the edge of a dark forest, a muddy trail leading into the shadows.
“’m sorry you had to find out like that.”
“Slow down,” Cas suddenly said and pointed up ahead the road. Two cars and about ten men with guns were blocking the way, all of them looking stern and kind of creepy.
“Did you sleep okay?” Jody asked once he’d sat down at the table.
“All good?” he asked his brother instead.
“How so?” Cas asked, clearly surprised.
Something passed over the sheriff’s face, then, something like surprise and recognition, but it was gone before Sam could dwell too long on what it meant. “Give me a moment,” she told him, backing away to her car and getting in. Sam saw that she’d pulled out a phone, talking to someone, though her eyes were still firmly fixed on Sam. It wasn’t a long conversation. Phone still pressed to her ear, she got back out and walked towards him.
“Hello Dean,” Cas greeted him when he entered their room. He and Adam were sitting at the table, laptop opened in front of them.
“What do you suggest?” he asked in return.
“I’m having visions, Max. About you,” Sam just explained.
“No.” She shook her head. “But Trixy was. Our daughter.”
“We didn’t let him do anything, son. But you try stopping Sam when he’s got his mind on something. Cas almost got his nose broken while trying,” Bobby said.
Feeling numb, Dean slowly turned around to face him fully and ran a hand over his face into his hair, tugging lightly.
“What’s going on?” Adam asked from the back seat but neither Cas nor Dean bothered to answer, instead, Dean rolled down the window, “Yo, hey!” he called out and one of the men came closer, leaning down over the frame.
“Yeah,” Dean agreed, tapping his fingers against his elbow, “Fiona Hailey might be a good start though. She works at the hospital and her ex-husband turned up dead.”
“You know,” Sam began, “You should probably tell Ellen about Jo.”
“We all get together once a week,” Dean elaborated, “People drop in and out, Mark and Dina run counselling sessions for whoever wants it, there’s plenty o’ food, and usually a movie night.”
Dean put his head in his hands again, pressing fiercely against the strained ache around his eyes and temples.
“Alright…” Dean said, uncomfortable, giving Sam a quick pat on the back hoping to break the hug “Okay… hey easy now.  If you’re not careful Johnny Hooker over there is gonna think he can’t come home with me.”
When she’s out of the room, Sam turns his wrath on Crowley. “I know what you’re doing.” He hisses.
“Your eyes are so pretty.” He murmurs, his head shifting a little closer.
“Then what?” Castiel’s voice remains gentle despite Dean’s harsh tone.
“Not just yet.” Sam says. “We can pick up a few things.”
“That… makes sense.” Dean admits reluctantly, he doesn’t want to give Sam the satisfaction of being right, but he doesn’t want Sam to
And Dean would be damned if he let this end without either Lizzo or an elephant singing.
Cass smirks in satisfaction and Dean wants the earth to swallow him. “One of my friends told me that patience is a virtue.” Dean feels the blood, well, whatever blood isn’t in his dick, rush to his face. It doesn’t stay long though, Cass speeds up anyway and Dean follows suit.
This is the ending they craved.
“Well.” Cass marches towards him, fiddling with his coat so it takes blocks most of Sam’s view of the room. “Let’s go find it then.”
“I know. I know.” Dean scrubs his hands down his jeans, “It’s just… this is what I see. And sure, your vessel has got the looks and your personality is – um, awesome. You’re a guy. And my best friend.”
“How about you get an aquarium and drown them. That way the others can watch.”
With the Winchesters and Castiel out of the way - they’re probably looking for his mother but he knows she’s fine, just being dramatic so that Sam will coddle her - Crowley turns his attention to Gabriel. He waggles his brows as he steps closer, caresses Gabriel’s vessel, enjoying the way Gabriel cringes as he does. “I kind of like this vessel.” He murmurs. “maybe I won’t let you back in.”
“What is it then?”
Swiftly, Dean nods, reaching out to cup him under his knees and around his waist. “You – you’ll feel better after a nap.”
He moves his hand but Dean is already reaching for the holy water. “Don’t even think about it demon. This is holy water.”
Including them in an already complicated infiltration seems redundant. But they
It was a truly well concocted plan; the mobilization of monsters and the melding of their powers to create a true entrapment. Castiel he just wishes he hadn’t fallen in.
“Sam?” Dean asks quickly. “What’s wrong, man?”
Stupid asshole.
“Blueberry muffin,” Dean says, resting the fluffy delight on his table.
“What are you doing?” Castiel whispers.
But only prophets can read tablets… and Chuck wouldn’t make multiple copies of these books…
How much had happened in just one night?
And he wasn’t even joking about eating it off of him. Not that he could tell Cass that without making things weird between them.
It makes sense, what she said; when you do something romantic, you feel something romantic. It’s fairly simple.
“They look like utter drivel,” Crowley confirms. “But Dean can read them and obviously you can when you’re busy manipulating people.”
“Why not?” The question comes with a dose of genuine confusion, “This place is wonderful and rustic… there isn’t a more perfect place for you. I saw the way you looked around… like you had everything planned out already. Why would you deny yourself such a simple pleasure?”
The forced smile Dean gives him is disappointing. He wants to talk to him. Find out what’s wrong. But he sees a familiar expression fall onto Dean’s face.
Sam finds himself distracted the next day, too busy keeping an eye on Dean and Cass to accomplish anything major.
Sam glances down. Oh no. Cass’ face is already set. Expect a cloudy night with heavy showers – of tears.
“It’s okay.” Reassures Dean, “I don’t care. Nothin’ you haven’t seen before.”
Thank you to
“The Shadow.”
His eyes shift to the left. Green eyes stare at him. He can see the emotions in them, the intent. Dean wants him to choose Sam. Of course, he does. Dean always chooses his little brother. It’s ‘his job.’ But Dean isn’t choosing today, Castiel is.
‘Why is Cass washing his clothes all of a sudden?”
The soft smile he gets and the warm arms around him lets him know that he believes him, “I want this too Dean.”
But he doesn’t want to hold back and miss out on something that could be beautiful.
Fine. New tact then. “I’ve got a surprise for you.” He croons enticingly.
“Jackpot!” he ruffles Cass’ hair. “You can even have ten. Just keep them in their enclosure.”
instead of buying that book and using it to manipulate Dean.
Dean gulps.
What she’d seen? “Hey!” he calls in greeting, “What’s going on where?”
“No.” he assures, trying to scrupulously peek into the room, “Nothing’s wrong. I just wanted to check up on you.” Cass says nothing and Dean feels like an annoyance, “You were acting strange at dinner.”
When Sam finally has Crowley all chained up – because no way was Dean getting close to the creepo with the love book – Dean pulls Cass aside.
“I wish I could fix this Jack.” He whispers, staring down at the blankets.
“That sounds fair.”
His heart stops. What more could there be?
“I’m sorry things turned out this way.” He says quietly.
“But it wouldn’t be the same without
He doesn’t think he can handle that right now. And he doesn’t want to set Cass up for something with feelings only for him to realise that it’s nothing but a stupid crush.
“Dean… I don’t know what to tell you.” Sam breathes. His mind is too uneasy to think about this clearly. “What do you think?”
When Sam hears from a random demon that his brother is taking Cass to a carnival he almost laughed.
“Maybe you can show me again?” Cass cocks his head innocently.
“At least you didn’t hit anything important.”
Sighing, Dean keeps his eyes shut, “It won’t kill me Sam… to be honest, I’m not really sure what’s happening either.”
“Maybe he didn’t hear.” Dean offers. This Michael doesn’t seem the type to just ignore prayers. “Maybe it got lost in transmission. Is that a thing?”
“We were on a Ferris wheel.” Dean defends. “He was talking about movies and – and I just wanted him to have that.”
Almost shaking with anticipation, he tries to remain as still and as silent as possible. It will all be for naught if Dean walks in and catches a glimpse of his head or a leg that’s sticking out.
“No.” Cass states firmly. “We know that this is the last chance you might have.”
“Dean.” The angel’s voice is rough and untamed.
With pride he informs Dean that the saying is actually, “Walking on air.”
“Where are you going to hide it?”
Screw privacy. Sam is putting up twenty cameras tomorrow.
“That’s not Dean.” He says thinly.
Yeah, this time hurt way more than the first, but Dean is determined to get to the bottom of things.
“Hello Dean.” He murmurs, eyes widening in shock as a steaming cup of coffee appears in front of him.
“Oh and is it also bold of me to assume that the two of you are in love? That you’ve given Dean a very obvious pet name?”
“I didn’t.” he says. “Cass is a bit of a snoop.”
“I prefer coffee.” Cass drones.
He’d begged her not to say anything back at the bunker. She only just realises that it’s because thinks Dean doesn’t love him back. Not the way he wants any way. Mary is sure that Dean does love him back, but he’s confusing his emotions. Castiel is scared of what will happen if Dean finds out, and here she is shoving everything in his face.
Dean stops short. “And that’s a bad thing?”
Sam’s own hands tremble as he sits with Dean.
With that he turns and walks back inside and Castiel heads back to meet Dean. Michael touches his shoulder as they near the mail box. He doesn’t say a word, he only gestures to the names on the box, and the slightly faded ‘ie’ at the end of Cass. Castiel had only seen what he wanted to.
“Nothing.”
And then the confession: “
for beta reading this chapter( and prompting me to add in the doe eyed stuff at the start)!
Dean doesn’t want to be that person. The one who rains on his friend’s parade.
Immobile, Sam just stares at him. Crowley relents, rolling his eyes. “Relax, Sam. It’s not a bad thing,” he says. “It’s not even the worst thing in the world.”
Just realised that this work can also be filed under sad and morbidly depressing.
But, Sam decides, there’s no way he’s trying to talk to them right now.
“You finally don’t look like a lumber jack.” He comments dryly. Why would Mary put him in such a position when she was well aware how precarious his position is? Dean’s bright smile dims at his comment and Castiel feels a stab of guilt. “This style mirrors some of that of the 15
Castiel grins now. “You have Billie. She’s the one who sent Jack here.” And tried to murder Dean. Castiel delights in her torment.
Cass has been surprisingly calm throughout the entire ordeal. Not expressing more emotion than necessary and remaining almost completely silent. It’s only when they’re at the door, when the final good byes are said, that Sam sees his face crack and his emotions spill out.
Castiel observes him suspiciously, he has no doubt that Dean will hold on as long as possible, but he wants the hunter to enjoy this as much as he had. Would Dean cry out when he comes? Moan? Would he tremble under Castiel and beg him for more? Would his eyes be open or shut? He would very much like to look Dean in the eye as he crumbles in pleasure; watch his green eyes mist with pleasure and swirl with satisfaction.
“Or what?” Sam scoffs, “You throw your mashed food at me.”
This Dean has the sparkle in his eyes; the kind that makes him curious and that gives him the hope of getting out and starting a life someday. He takes care of himself because he cares… because he thinks he’ll make it to the age where having healthy habits will pay off…
“Did you see his car?” Dean says, closing his eyes in bliss. Angel travel takes its toll on a guy.
be manipulated by some storyteller.
The tugging on his leg keeps up and Dean feels his heart thunder in his ears, as loud as the booming in the skies. Dean glances behind him panting, just as lightening flashes across the sky, illuminating the entire area. The place is a waste land. Nothing but recognisable in sight. Other than mud.
“Sam?” His voice is scratchy as he faces the other Winchester. Sam hasn’t come around much since Dean started acting like this.
Mouth opening and closing wordlessly, Dean finally catches himself and rips the scissors from his grip. “This isn’t the way… this is mutilation.”
“Look man, the sooner you tell us what’s what, the sooner we’re out of you and ghost Cass’ hair.” The wry expression on the other man’s face has him rolling his eyes.
Castiel fights a smile as this world’s Dean seats Dean on his bed and traces his face with his hands, comparing it to his own. Castiel can tell that they’re exactly the same. The only difference is the hair. Dean’s is longer, almost reaching his shoulders and pulled back in a ‘man-bun.’ Oh, and the tattoo, of course. Castiel can make out the ink on Dean’s hand, but the words are too small to see. Despite the similarities, alternate Dean seems fascinated with the real Dean, in that he can’t take his eyes off of him.
“Cass.” He says gently. “Dean needs to sleep. I know you might be bored but I can take you outside if you like and you can play while I work.”
“What?” He can’t believe he missed the presence of the demon. But no way would they have missed something actively trying to kill them.
Dean smiles, “Even if it means lying on my bed and singing kumbaya while the fumigated oil swirls around us?”
He screams loudly and endlessly yet remains completely immobile. In his garbled cries, Castiel can make out enough to piece together what is happening. “Sam, he thinks he’s trapped.”
Dean just takes his hand and places it on his knee. “I’m not in the mood.” He counters. He’s sure that Dean isn’t up for anything either after expending all his energy on crying. Dean just trails his fingers past his kneecap – the one that he always rubs when he’s nervous – and down to his leg.
The thanks from Dean is like a weight lifted off of his soul.
*v()v*
“You remember the plan?” Sam asks, ushering him up the stairs.
“I’ll carry the clothes in and check on Dean.”
“Oh, Crowley, you can’t rush these things, they n-”
So many things could go wrong. Just one slip and they can ruin their friendship forever. But holding back could ruin them before they got the chance to even start.
A throat clearing has him springing away. He breathes out harshly, not daring to look over at Cass. Instead he focuses on the hotel security guard who glowers at them. How long had they been kissing? It had entirely slipped Dean’s mind that someone was about to catch them.
Sam almost explodes. His vision turns black.
“Well, why don’t you tell us something that only Cass would know.” Jody says, smiling encouragingly at Dean.
Dean might be in love with Cass. On a regular day he’d celebrate. Possibly throw a party, because… they’re
Castiel doesn’t know. As usual he has no clue.
Well, Dean waves the last shreds of his dignity goodbye.
Sam’s feels eyebrows shoot up into his hair, baffled by his brother’s sudden desire to contact the
They stay like that for a moment, with Dean still very much inside him.
One breath.
“Are you okay?” Cass asks, hovering about him.
“I can sleep on the couch.” He offers.
“Maybe we can –”
Rolling his eyes, he stands, “Squirrel.” Then he nods to Castiel, “Acorn.”
“No.” Sam says instantly. “Of course it’s not. You deserve to be happy. It’s just…”
Castiel thought he knew heartbreak before; pining after the unattainable Dean Winchester. But he was wrong
Aziraphale almost immediately whisks him away when they enter the book shop.
(See the end of the chapter for
Bursting into the bathroom with one hand still gripping the towel at his waist, Dean scans the area for threats before asking what’s wrong.
Dean can’t help what he does next. It’s a matter of reflex for him… relief. He presses a kiss to Cass forehead.
“Maybe? But does it really matter?” Cass wonders. “We’re together.”
Dean coughs again and Sam takes his chance. “Cass? Can you bring Dean some more tea? I set it out to cool on the table. Be careful.”
“Cass!” he exclaims, obviously relieved, “I’ve been trying to track –”
“Not like that.” Dean explains, patting his arm in a soothing manner, “I hate that you’re suffering. I’d have gone mad long ago without you but I can’t bear seeing you like this.”
Castiel slams him back into place. “Tell me that you love me!”
So why? Why did those blue eyes sneak into his thoughts? He’d – fuck – he’d come to the thought of his best friend.
Sam embraces Dean with a force that almost topples them both over. It’s rare that they get such a big win. Such a
Cass just scoffs and stares down at his shoes. “Understatement.”
But he doesn’t know how Dean will react to that, so his muscles remain stiff in indecision.
“You’re one to talk,” Dean says, raising his brow. “Weren’t you the one who hit a dog and tumbled down the hill of love?”
“I’ll die in slow motion then.” He grumbles.
“And… if I help you… you won’t tell Dean.”
With deliberate movements, he creates his hickey. Only when he’s satisfied with the shade and the size does he let go to stare up at Dean with pride.
“It’s in the past,” Sam says amicably. “Now we’re all on the same page.”
“I know. I know. I said I’d never leave you.” Dean scrubs a hand across his face, “But to save you… I have to.”
“Because, Dean, as I told you… I can’t be around you.”
Turns out the end result is delicious. Even Castiel enjoys it.
“Oh.” Cass says, standing with a sheepish look on his face.
Uh oh. He wants to cough out ‘Poughkeepsie’ but Cass knows their code words now.
It comes back to him suddenly as Sam asks the question. He remembers his plan. His wretched plan. And he remembers leaving Sam that piece of paper.
“Do you think he will be okay?” He asks tentatively.
“I um, brought you something.” His friend says tentatively.
Thank you to
Nope.
After a late night out, Dean remembers walking down the stairs, drunk off his ass. In the darkness he almost broke his neck while tripping over his sleeping brother. They literally have hundreds of chairs for Sam to sit on. And if chairs aren’t his fancy, there’s always counters, and table-tops and… the floor.
Castiel smiles lightly, the sun catching the blue of his eyes, and Dean knows that he’d forgiven. Forgiven way too easily but he won’t look a gift horse in the mouth.
It’s dark and his eyes are bleary from sleep. All he can make out are Cass’ baby blues and the outline of the trench-coat.
“You’re back?” his voice sounds dejected.
“Great.” Dean mutters. “How am I supposed to piss like this?”
Crowley hears the challenge in his voice and just grins.
“Do you want me to play the video?” he asks prompting a swift glare from Cass.
“Whether Castiel would like some bacon too.” pipes up.
for beta reading this chapter!
“Okay.” Cass chirps, bouncing once more at the edge of the bed before he skips out of the room.
The other Dean glances between them, all his previous happiness wiped away, he leans on the fishing rod as though it’s the only think holding him up. “I know it isn’t. But we – we’re handling it?”
Which leads him to think about Mac&Cheese. Which leads to Sam.
“Sam.” Cass says sternly. “You have something that belongs to me.”
Maintaining his gaze, Dean opens his mouth in an attempt to reply, then closes it. This continues a few more times before he manages to get more than a gurgle out.
No reaction.
How can he tell if their little outing meant anything to Cass? His first thought is the little box of memento’s Cass has hidden away. But Dean hadn’t managed to win that cute plush toy… but the Ferris wheel…
Keep it cool, Dean, he reminds himself. “You want in Sammy?” he teases, “We split the cost evenly.”
Nothing.
“He’ll never find me.”
He clutches the book tightly.
Neither does Castiel, if he’s being honest. Despite the mind-fracturing experiences he’s had with different versions of ‘Dean,’ he still can’t find it in himself to stay away from his friend.
“Whiskey. Neat.”
Sam doesn’t know what to do with this information.
“I just need fifteen minutes alone with him,” Sam says sinisterly, focusing entirely on Crowley who just grins smugly at him from his iron chair.
Fearfully, he grabs his brother’s hands. “Sam you can’t be here.”
“Good morning.” He murmurs, reaching forward to press a kiss to Dean’s forehead.
Cass blusters past him and marches down the corridor, determined to find something that has no idea about. He seemed pretty insistent that Sam not look inside his room. He half wonders if Dean is hiding under the bed.
“Course.” Dean says half-heartedly.
“Done.” Dean announces stepping away. His easy expression falters as he seems to pick up on Castiel’s misery.
“Where is Dean?” Castiel wonders, looking around. He couldn’t have followed him by more than a minute yet the hunter’s vanished.
Sam dangles the soggy green thing in front of him and Dean just back away. “I know what to call the Sam-Cass bond.” He says testily. “It’s ‘a brotherly bothering bond.’”
at him, his gaze hooded, shielding his thoughts and feelings from Castiel. Dean’s blasé attitude only makes him feel worse.
Disgusting.
“Castiel.” He whispers, leaning in to kiss him gently.
Sometimes he finds himself mouthing them. Just to make sure he doesn’t forget.
He scoffs, “I won’t even need a shower if you come near me with your dripping hair Rapunzel.”
“No.” Dean admits. “But I don’t see any other way.”
“Here’s the thing.” Dean states sipping something his beer. “The dude was cremated. So we’ll have to case the house; look for any cursed objects.”
But Dean knows he won’t take it. He can already guess the scope of Cass options. Either, he’d suck it up and continue believing that he can’t make it to the finish line or he’d go to some stranger to do what he’s about to do to Dean. Or worse… he’d go to Sam.
“When I think of happiness I think of you too Dean.” His voice is rough, with shock… with joy. That Dean would forgive him… need him again.
He can see Dean’s face closing off again, and Castiel suddenly understands the real reason why Dean brought him down here; not just to show him the book, but to end things in what they both consider a ‘safe space,’ their bubble. As Dean scrambles for the words, Castiel feels utterly powerless.
“Whatcha doin’ Cass?”
“Let’s pretend I liked the things the siren and shifter did with your body.”
Dean gives him a tight smile and awkwardly watches as he tucks himself into his pants.
“Where were you going?” he tries again.
Scowling, Dean touches his elbow, leading him away from the desk. “On to plan B.” he announces.
He receives only as grunt in reply before his hips buck up into Dean’s fist, spilling into his hand.
“Do you really want to raise him Dean? As your kid? When you knew him as your friend? By the time he’s twenty you’ll probably be dead. So do you really want to riase him Dean… if it means losing your Cass?”
Crowley turns them over in one swift motion and positions his legs above his shoulders, angling to his prostate with almost every thrust. The angel’s moans turn frantic then, mixing with whimpers and hair tugs that only serve to amp up Crowley’s own arousal.
Great plans for him.
“Cass!” Dean exclaims, diving after him with a loud crash. He chases the angel, waving the hair brush like a threat. Sam smiles, despite the distraction. He remembers Dean doing that with him when he was younger. Where Dad left his hair an untameable mess, Dean always made sure that it was relatively neat. He remembers grumbling when Dean yanked on a knot or scratched his scalp with the brush.
“We can try different recipes.” Promises Castiel, “I’m sure that when we get back to the bunker you’ll be even more in your element. And as for Sam, he only wants the best for you. He’ll understand.” But by the way Dean freezes like a deer in the headlights, Castiel knows that he doesn’t believe it.
Yanking out the sheets from his freshly made bed, Dean once again curses his carelessness.
Almost as soon as Dean vanishes,  Chuck gets back to pounding Sam. Castiel feels lost… like both brothers are in need of help and he’s utterly useless.
“Why?” Cass wonders, taking the bait.
That’s how he felt hearing those words come out of Dean’s mouth.
Dean winces, a caught expression settling in. He bites his lip, looking away… looking at the toilet of all places. Maybe for some more shitty excuses.”
When Cass ditches his shirt and lays on his stomach the reality of the situation barrels into him. He’s basically going to be jerking off his best friend to cure him.
“Cass?”
Sam almost feels bad for him. Dean’s probably never told a soul that he loves them in his life. He’s said it to Sam once. But even before that, Dean kept it to himself. Sam knew. Of course, Dean loves him, but, it was really nice to hear him say it.
Dean winces. He remembers making Cass promise that he wouldn’t breathe a word about this to Sam.
“I don’t know.” He glances around. “Look.” He gestures a ways over to a ride that resembles that tea cup from ‘Beauty and The Beast.’
“Knock knock!” He calls when Dean doesn’t answer.
“I’m an angel Dean, I don’t have to wait.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Sup Dean.” Greets Sam, finishing his cereal.
At the bunker, Dean and Cass play Legos and stuffed toys before heading to bed. Sam watches their every move critically and continues watching on the baby monitor while Dean tells Cass to wait on his bed while he heads in the shower.
Dean fell.
Terror grips him as Sam draws close, eyes wide and brimming with bloodlust. Dean swallows in discomfort; he knows that look… he’s seen it so many times in the mirror… and he knows what follows.
Barely any time had passed since their reunion but Dean already seems like a changed man. He’s infinitely nicer, he cuddles with Castiel regularly and does shy away from his feelings (except anything that deals with Sam, but Castiel understands his reluctance to broach that topic.)
“You tell me, warden.”
Pointing in the direction of the mound, Dean says. “Let’s go there!”
Oh no.
He cocks his head in confusion. “Turn?”
“I don’t mind.” And damn if his voice isn’t soft and comforting in the face of despair. “Now I get to see your soul all the time.”
“It’s too much pressure.” Sam says in realisation.
Things had been good between them.
Every morning, he walks into the coffee shop near the crossroads and settles into the window booth. This morning is no different. It’s been two weeks now since he’s been coming here. The first time was purely an accident.
Plus, it’s amusing to snag some of Dean’s chips.
Burying his face into the angel’s neck he lick and sucks, marking him, if only for a few minutes. He braces himself with one hand, maintaining his angle and speed and using his other hand to reach down and stroke the angel’s dick. It makes his cries grow louder and Crowley speeds up even more, feeling his own orgasm fast approaching.
Castiel just gives him a sweet smile, knowing that the camera is set up perfectly to record the entire thing.
“Then I guess I’ll have to stay.”
Oh shit. It knows him.
Dean sighed, “I’m worried about Sam,” he whispered, “He seems different. I don’t think he’s coping that well.”
“I’m sorry.” It sounded hollow. Meaningless. But it was all Sam could think of.
“Okay, so they’re connected and the way Pisczcek died seems like – what? Vengeful spirit?”
He pressed the door bell, trying to put on his most charming smile when he heard steps approaching. A very pretty brunette opened the door, looking at him in confusion.
” Cas asked and Dean sighed.
He pinched the bridge of his nose, his head was pounding and all he wanted at the moment was a cold beer and a bed.
“I noticed,” Adam muttered and relaxed a little bit, “Listen, Dean, I swear I had no idea. About you and Sam. John never talked about himself or his life. Hell, I thought he was a mechanic until like a week ago.”
“Don’t do any of that and you should be fine.”
“I’m fine.” The words came out much sharper than intended, a warning for her to drop it.
Another hiccup ripped through Fiona’s body, tears staining her face, but she nodded.
“Or maybe we’re not trying hard enough,” Sam argued.
“It was stupid of you to come here,” a haughty sounding voice echoed through the tunnels and Dean immediately froze, trying to determine here the voice had come from, “Winchester.”
This was totally Booby’s fault, Dean decided. Two weeks after Sam’s mysterious goodbye, Dean still couldn’t quite deal with the fact that he had lost his brother. Again. So he may have been sulking, that was, until the old man finally snapped.
“Alright.” He straightened up and looked around. They all seemed exhausted, ready to fall asleep any second. “Alright,” he repeated, “I say we split up. One half makes it to the next city, while the other half stays –” his words were interrupted by a turmoil in the lab. It was chaos, the old lady that had been strangled by Andrea was holding a scalpel, blood dripping down from a cut in her hand, down on the little girl who was crying. Dean saw big and bulky, lying on the floor, dead or unconscious, he couldn’t tell, and still bound to the chair was Chris, thrashing around, yelling and baring his teeth like a wild animal.
Suddenly, something grabbed him from behind and Dean felt darkness closing in around him, smothering him and when he opened his eyes again, he was sitting in a chair in a dirty basement.
Sam shifted in his seat to look at his brother, taking in the soft expression on his face.
“What about Ben?” she asked.
Cas’ gravelly voice sounded through the phone.
“What is it, Ash?” Dean asked, turning around on his chair.
“-still haven’t heard anything of –” Dean stood in the door to the bar, enjoying the deep gravel of Cas’ voice when he spotted Dean. The glass Cas had been holding slid out of his hand and shattered on the floor and Cas was staring at Dean as if he was seeing a ghost; except, Cas wasn’t scared of ghost. All colour had been drained from the man’s face and his eyes were wide in shock.
“Yeah right,” Sam scoffed, because Dean Winchester didn’t change. Not like that.
“What blood?” the asked in unison.
They left the diner and got into the car; Matt’s apartment was small but nice with photos of Matt and a boy, who Dean assumed was Alex, all over the walls and a large terrarium with snakes in the living room.
Sam wanted to ask, but refrained.
Bobby was gone.
“Unless I have to,” Sam finished the sentence. For a moment he considered asking why Dean wasn’t taking one as well, but then decided against it. It was probably better to not question him on their first job together.
Dean nodded, “Yeah,” he croaked out, “Fucking nerd. Just up and left when he was 18, leaving me an’ dad behind…
“MIA.”
“Demon.” He winked at Sam. “Don’t be so offended. I know you enjoyed yourself.”
Sam followed Dean out of the kitchen, back into the hallway and the room with the balcony.
“Well then I don’t see how you’re responsible. It was just a dream Sam. You couldn’t have known it would happen. You couldn’t have.”
“What are we even looking for?” Adam asked.
“We’re not here to hurt you,” Sam tried to assure her, some part of him wishing he didn’t have a machete in hand, the other already thinking about using it. His heart was beating frantically against his ribs. What if this went south?
“I think that unlikely.”
Sam stood there, his face a stony mask, his eyes hard, unyielding, as he slowly nodded his head, “Okay.”
“Dean?” came Cas’ groggy voice from the bed but Dean ignored him in favour of throwing on some clothes.
It took three men to hold Chris down and bind him to a chair while Kate was standing next to them crying, screaming at them to stop.
“It’s been 15 years, Sam,” Dean remarked drily, “I’d be worried if I hadn’t.”
Dean finally turned his head to look at the other man. “What for?” he asked.
“From what Dean told me, your dad didn’t play well with others.”
“You actually love him, don’t you? “ Lisa asked softly as if she was afraid of scaring him but there was nothing to be afraid of. The days in which Dean had had problems with his sexuality were long since gone.
The Hunter ran his hand through his hair and rubbed the back of his neck, trying to come up with something, anything, that might help them. There was nothing.
Dean could see tears streaming down Lisa’s face and he really wanted to close his arms around her. But he didn’t. It wasn’t his place.
Dean grabbed the Colt and walked towards the bed.
You headed there?
The door opened.
“Finally!”
Next to him, Dean’s entire body turned to stone. “Sure, let’s focus on that,” he grumbled, turning the car down another mud track, before adding, “You got a problem with it?” There was a challenge in his voice, daring Sam to say yes, but Sam also thought he could hear the nervous tension straining underneath. He was worried. Perhaps it was that worry, more than anything else, that shook Sam out of his stupor.
There was no answer.
“This is true.”
“You could always blow your way out of here.” The three Hunters swiveled around and saw Adam, leaning against the doorway.
“Shut up.”
Well, at least Cas isn’t about cry anymore,
And another.
“Vampires,” Cas confirmed after a quick look into the files.
He helped Bobby man the phones by doing the research that was needed to keep the people out in the field safe.
“He got bit by a Werewolf when he was 11,” the older Winchester explained, while inside Sam’s chest his heart turned to ice. Dean wasn’t done yet, though, it seemed. “He’s a smart kid,” he went on, “Figured out what was happening almost immediately and – he must’ve remembered me back from when I saved him from that Changeling, ‘cause he ran away to come and find me.”
It wouldn’t be, Sam knew. They were different now. Grown up and no longer living in the shadow of their father. And this wasn’t a Hunt but a rescue mission. And yet, Sam appreciated the sentiment.
“Do you know where he is?”
“You’ll see. Come on.”
“Yeah but, how do we do that?”
“You okay?” Dean asked after a while.
“Coffee’s in the pot, help yourself.”
. Metallica rocks!”
“Sorry. What?”
“Why?”
“The doors, Dean!” Bobby yelled at him, but Dean just shook his head and pointed at Sam. A large gash ran across his forehead and when Dean cupped his face with his hands, Sam gasped and snapped his eyes wide open. There was fear and confusion in his face and in that moment, it didn’t matter what Sam had done. None of that mattered, because he was
“What’s going, dad?” Sam asked.
It took Sam a few tries to get his voice back to working order. “That’s why he lives with you and not his mum,” he realized once his vocal cords cooperated again.
He had a very strange feeling when he finally got into bed next to Cas, like he had lost something. A life, he had never had in the first place.
“That’s my dad you’re talking about, Cas. We can’t just do nothing.”
She looked about his age, maybe a bit younger, with long, blonde hair and a cocky smile, twirling a knife between her fingers as she sat at one of the tables, boots propped up, and for some unfathomable reason she reminded him of Dean.
“Sure.”
“No.” He shook his head, still pacing the room. Thinking. “But there were several dead animals around here over the last couple months, so her Nest should definitely be here.”
And waited.
They watched as the graveyard slowly emptied itself until only Sam remained, and Cas and Dean walked up to him. There was nothing to say, nothing that could make it better, so they stayed silent and Dean lay a hand on his brother’s shoulder.
Song lyrics: "Story of my Life" by Bon Jovi
“Where is he?” Dean demanded as soon as he had stormed into the bar. “Cas. Where did he go?”
Since Dean really had no better idea, he simply muttered a, “Whatever,” while he stood up to get himself a beer.
Waking up in a bed with a clear head was infinitely better than waking up hungover, slumped over a bar counter. The bunker was quiet, eerily so. No creaking floorboards, no footsteps outside his room, no humming electricity, merely his own steady breathing and the rhythmic thumping of his heart.
Dean didn’t answer immediately. He knew exactly what he was looking at, or rather who, but he couldn’t quite believe it.
“Alright,” Sam found himself saying.
Dean nodded, silently accepting the apology, just as they reached the gate to the garage.
“How ‘bout breakfast and then we go from there,” Dean suggested, “I’m starving.”
“I know,” Dean whispered and maybe that was worse. That he knew. He spent his life saving people, Hunting the evil that was out there but he still couldn’t make a difference when it mattered. He still couldn’t protect his family.
Bobby turned onto a barely visible dirt track, tree branches scratching on the windows until they’d reached a gate and Bobby got out, gesturing for Sam to stay in the car. The gate opened to a massive underground garage and there stood the Impala, next to other classic cars and a few motorbikes.
“Yeah.”
“Has it ever bothered you?” he asked Eileen, “Working with – with people like Cas. Like Ben.”
“Sam’s my responsibility. I should have checked up on him more often. I should have made sure he was okay.”
Eileen regarded him with a long look. “They’re good people, Sam.”
“You’re Hunting the Vamps?” he asked.
“Well, if you had answered your fucking phone, you’d know,” Dean shot back with a grin.
Sam blinked. “You – you live here?” he repeated slowly, “What, like, permanently?”
“Dude, do you know what time it is? What’re you doin’ out bed?” Adam groaned from under his covers.
“Hello, Dean.” The British woman stood there, smiling coolly at the Hunter and Dean could feel Sam’ confused eyes on him.
“I thought that was just a story.”
Max focus was on Sam, while the gun still hung in the air.
her voice was choked, hardly audible, “
“I will,” he assured him, “There’s just one thing I need to do first.”
Slowly, Sam stood up, ignoring Dean’s helping hand and Dean took the hint and backed off, letting his brother walked ahead. The three men made their way back through the forest to the car and Dean could see from the corner of his eye was Cas pulled out his phone.
Well,
“Fuck. What could he have possibly known?”
“No. Fudgin’. Way!” Ben was nearly choking on his sandwich now and Lisa shot him a disapproving look.
“How is it not?” Dean shot back.
“Oh well, that’s easy, let’s just check out the thousands of miles around this town,” Dean said sarcastically, standing up to get himself a beer. “Anyway, Alex got a few days at best, so we better find him quick.”
“Lisa Braeden? Your several-nights stand? She is a good a friend of Hayley Baitan. She and her son were there for a visit when we got there.”
“Well come on then…let me have it,” Dean sighed, wriggling against his restrains.
“Great, so what? Sam and his girlfriend are playing Bonnie and Clyde?” Dean huffed.
“Honey, I’m home!” Dean called out as soon as he entered the motel room.
Dean ended up being the one with the task to find a gun similar to the Colt; he took the chance to check in with Cas and tell him the bad news.
“Alright.” He relaxed a bit but maybe that was because of the whisky, or the fact that Cas was drawing smoothing patterns on his back with his hand. “Alright.”
“Yeah.” Dean nodded. “Fucking son of a bitch made a deal.”
None of it made sense. The bunker, the children, the ease in Dean’s shoulders, none of it was what Sam would have expected from seeing his brother again, and it wasn’t fair.
This time, Sam did frown. “Is that what he said? That I’m ‘welcome to stay?’” he asked, hoping Cas would catch the implied air quotes.
“Not on my watch, it isn’t.” Dean leaned back in his chair, crossing his arms, and giving the impression of a man who had made up his mind and wasn’t about to change it any time soon, if ever.
All three Hunters blinked at him and Dean began to feel very self-conscious. Slowly, Bobby glided off the stool he had been sitting on and approached Dean and before the younger man could even register what was happening, a surge of water hit his face.
“Thanks,” Sam muttered and quickly turned away to get some distance between himself and the guy.
“We still got to go if that’s where we can find dad,” Sam argued, looking eager and determined.
what he was doing to him
“Naw man, cassette deck. Much smaller. You need to get one. With the right player you can make your own mixtapes and everything. I’ll put one in for you if you like next time I’m up.”
------"Hello Dean."-------
“It’s close to Rachel…. and change can be nice,” Cas admitted. “How long was your drive?”
Cas shook his head, eyes on the floor before muttering “that’s bullshit.”
“Now this is what all the young hip boys are listening to these days right? She started to move her hips to the playful faux reggae beat, causing Dean to laugh out loud, grabbing her by the waist and hand and pulling her close, swaying as if Zeppelin was made for a slow dance.
“Torque.”
“YAY!” they both yelled.
Meg was drinking and doing lines when he found her. A friend of Meg’s had a hotel room to crash in nearby so they took the party there. Cas was already sky-high when someone drifted in with the smack. Meg’s dealer Marv, helped him tie off and shoot up. Cas knew what he was doing. When Balthazar found him, he was barely responsive. Balthazar dragged Cas out of there, but in the process Cas started rambling and told him everything. Balthazar took him home and tried to clean him up. He was angry, yelling that Cas was gonna get himself killed using. Cas may have said something about not caring one way or the other -he just didn’t want to deal with it now. Cas’s memory of it was shaky, fading in and out. The last thing he remembered was Balthazar leaving the room - Cas getting up to grab the dime bag of heroin he had hidden in a jacket in the closet and snorting some of the powder so he could just blank out again.
on another. They stuffed their faces with pizza, too much popcorn, and now Hannah was scooping out the last of a half-gallon of ice cream they’d split into their bowls. Cas topped his with caramel sauce and Reddi Whip. Hannah popped her legs up on her coffee table to stretch out, propping her own bowl on her lap and leaning her back against Cas's side as they continued to gorge themselves and watch.
“Jesus.” Dean said. He had heard stories of the men drifting down helplessly amidst the cutting artillery. Some watching helplessly, unable to control their slow descent, awaiting their inevitable fate as their fellows hung up on steeples or rooftops were shredded by German machine guns.
Maybe it was the result of pent-up emotion, finally released, but Cas watched as a wave of sleepiness came over Dean again, visibly affecting his features. Cas gave Dean a sweet smile, urging him to lie back down, then willed his own body to calm and resumed his spot in the chair adjacent. He picked up a newspaper this time to work on the crossword, as Dean’s eyes drifted shut and he fell into a much needed rest.
“I think it's sweet.” Cas smiled, looking through to the next room where Rachel and Stephen were laughing and smiling together, laying down plates and silverware as if it was a courtship ritual. “They’re happy.”
can’t lose you... Promise me.”
Dean waited on edge of
“Ummm... I’m here to check on a patient. Castiel Novak?”
Dean shot his hand to Cas’s forehead. No sign of a fever. Cas was cold and sweaty, but Cas had once bragged he didn’t sweat under any circumstances. Could angels go into shock? That would explain Cas’s exhaustion, the ashen complexion, and now this shivering that had started.
**********
The taller man spoke, looking at Dean.
“Yes, seems we have that in common.” Balthazar started.
At first I thought seeing you again would just be a one time thing, to say a proper goodbye. But then you came back and each time it seemed to open the door a little wider. I guess I fooled myself into believing that maybe we could be friends and that would be enough. But then maybe I pushed too hard. I’m sorry.
“Relax babe. Don’t you trust me?” he looked back at Cas, throwing him puppy dog eyes.
“Mmmm.” Cas hummed. “I had such a good time last night.”
Cas smiled at the offer, bringing Dean’s hand up to kiss it before answering. “I was going to ask you the same. Rachel planned something for us - her fiance, and Gabriel and me. I haven’t had Thanksgiving with them since before you and I met.”
“I’m sorry,” Dean whispered against Cas’s skin, for reasons he wasn’t entirely sure. Sorry for fucking up tonight? Sorry for being here in Cas’s bed when clearly Cas just needed to rest? Sorry for being so fucking needy? For clearly taking advantage of his friend in a moment of weakness? Dean had a catalog of sorry.
Cas’s mouth gaped, but no words came.
“Well, sleep can wait. I’m not leaving you until I know for sure you’re okay. And so far I’m not entirely convinced” Dean insisted stubbornly.
Dean’s eyes fluttered down to Cas’s lips. “That’s not gonna be a problem babe,” Dean whispered, “I only have eyes for you, Cas.”
It got quiet.
“That's what I mean Cas. You have a sense about people….what they need.”
now that I know where to find you! I have years of tormenting to catch up on.” She leaned over giving him a playful punch on the arm.
Dean swallowed. “Can I use your bathroom?” He said after a moment, still not looking at Cas.
Cas slammed the kitchenette counter with his fist, swiping a pile of mail and a coffee mug, sending them flying across the room. The mug smashed as it hit the floor. He stood there, staring down at the broken pieces. Leaving them, he turned on the TV, dropped onto the couch, and stared into it. His jeans were still uncomfortably damp from the rain he'd run through, but he was too exhausted suddenly to do anything about it. He didn’t even have it in him to think about where Balthazar might be going, or when he might come back, or what any of this meant for them. He was just tired...so goddamn tired. He pulled a throw blanket from the arm of the couch to cover himself and closed his eyes - the sound of his thoughts drowning out the droning of the voices on the television.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KkLhJsHxYxM
Dean listened, coming back with, “What if….I’m not the same person anymore...what if he realizes…” Dean paused choosing his words, “Odysseus was unrecognizable.”
Dean looked at Cas, speechless.
Sam glanced back occasionally to check on Cas. The angel was sleeping. Angels weren’t supposed to sleep. An after-effect of the wound perhaps. Cas still looked weak and pale, even though the worst of it seemed to be over. Crowley had saved him. Wonders, it seemed, never ceased for the Winchesters. Sam wondered how long Crowley would wait to call in a favor.
Dean closed his eyes, remembering Cas all laid out for him in white, crazed with desire. White garters, a white nightgown - the perfect fusion of innocence and sin, a shy flush on Cas’s cheeks as Dean fucked into him, claiming his wild bride.
Cas shook his head and took a breath, trying to clear his head. He carried the platter in to join the others as the doorbell rang.
“Jesus...
Confused, Sam tried to scout the table in question. Two couples, early twenties, each of the guys with a pretty girl about their age. College kids no doubt, but one of the guys, a blond with tousled hair and kind of a Robert Redford look about him kept stealing glances over to their table. Sam traced the line of his gaze straight to Dean’s ass as Dean leaned over the table to take his next shot, hips shifting ever so slightly in a move Sam recognized was purely for show.
“No, I completely agree Cas…” her voice was sad, “I just love those kids... How are you doing by the way? Are you making enough for your rent?”
Crowley raised his eyebrows in curiosity as Dean trudged in and grabbed a stool at the end of the bar by himself. He knew Dean enough for casual talk by now. Dean had been here before, but always with Sam and Jess, taking a place at a table to have a quick drink and maybe play pool or darts.
A hand gripped Dean’s shoulder. Then nothing.
Taking a bow she yelled “Who’s up?” as she jumped from the stage.
“Rachel.” Dean smiled, putting out his hand and then withdrawing it, realizing how covered in grime it still was.
“The two-story blue with the giant oak and the bench swing in the front?”
Rachel had majored in horticulture with a focus in landscape design in college, even traveling all over the world to study different cultural values, meanings, and aesthetics connected to design. Landing a huge project like this was a dream come true. Cas had seen some of Rachel's designs. She had true talent.
this,
It had taken a lot to be able to afford that little trip. Dean had insisted Cas forget his library job so he could concentrate on his classes. Cas studied, Dean hustled - the bar, the pool hall, the auto shop, the racing circuit. Cas had been reluctant to let him at first, but Dean had taken pride in providing for them both….in making
He somehow got Cas to stay on the line with him through the whole thing as he slowly worked up the courage to ask to see him again. Taking Baby out on a long drive, at first seemed like a good cover. In trying to be nonchalant about it though he’d actually made it much worse, tripping over his words miserably as he tried to make it seem like no big deal if Cas didn’t want to. Somehow despite his fumbling idiocy, Cas said yes! Dean was thankful that no Orwellian telescreens existed to betray his excited fist pump at Cas’s answer.
“Just get better Dean,” he repeated, his hand going to the back of Dean’s head so he could pull him in to chastely kiss the hair along his temple again. His eyes flicked down to Dean’s body and he added, “Jesus you look so good in my clothes.”
“You said you haven’t really gotten to see any of the sights yet.”
Cas searched the map and found a nearby park. They parked the car and Cas grabbed the small cooler from the back. There was a playground area near a pavilion where a family party was in progress. A mother lit birthday candles as family members gathered around a child to sing as Cas and Dean made their way past. Further off in the distance Cas saw a bench under a copse of trees. It was a warm day for October so the shade would be nice. A pleasant stream wound just past the copse through the woods, cooling the air there. Dean sat on the bench and accepted the offered sandwich and cola.
She talked tough and like someone who knew her shit and Dean liked that, but he wasn’t sure he could buy it, and even if he did he wasn't sure he could ‘change the tape.'
“Castiel!” Meg called after him.
Dean stood as Cas got up to leave, pulling him into a hug after all - one that could have been to anyone else’s eyes, platonic. They stepped away. For a moment Cas seemed stuck, eyes flitting from Dean’s face to the ground near their feet, his lips parted as if hoping to summon something more. He swallowed it back down, looking up at Dean and giving a tremulous smile before turning to leave.
Dean gave an irritated shrug “I dropped out.”
“.....Cas...”
“So you said you come here to think sometimes Cas?”
Cas lips pressed together, a brief flash of irritation crossing his face as he glanced away.
"Oh!" he said, "I thought you were maybe on the office end, crunching numbers or something."
“You need to stop fucking up Dean. You keep leading him on and leaving him flat. Fix your shit!”
Dean tried calling Cas just after he got the call from Garth but Cas wasn’t home, and of course, just his luck, the one payphone on the stop he’d allowed himself to make on the way to Valens was busted. Dean should have thought to stop earlier but he was afraid of arriving too late.
Dean took the box back up the stairs as quietly as he could, despite the creakiness of several steps. He added some sentiment to the note, placed the box next to it, and struggled for a moment with how to sign his name.
Cas stood.
Balthazar lay down fully clothed on the bed and stared at the ceiling. He lit a cigarette. Cas hated when he smoked in bed but at least that was one argument he didn’t have to worry about having tonight. He’d booked a 5 AM flight out of Heathrow, with a one-hour layover at Midway in Chicago. Once at Midway, he hit the bank of payphones trying to reach Cas at their apartment again but still there was no answer. He’d spent most of the flight cursing himself, cursing his temper, cursing Dean. Dean had been right, how could he have just left him over something so stupid? When Balthazar finally got to their apartment he was at first frantic to see no sign of Cas and was about to go out looking when Mrs. Riley from the first-floor apartment complained to him about his friend's motorcycle waking her up at 4:30 in the morning. A few more questions confirmed that Cas had been here this morning but had left. He sat on the steps of the brownstone. It was just a short while after that Dean pulled up with Cas on the back of his bike. They’d obviously been having a great time judging by the smile in Cas’s eyes, until Balthazar made eye contact. Then everything fell apart.
" Sam missed the ball he was aiming for.
Garth returned with the coffees just as the attending physician came out to relate some news.
Dean stared, his heart singing at Cas’s words. He was momentarily speechless and Cas’s eyes widened.
Cas took a spot on the couch, pulling a blanket over him and settling in to watch.
Yeah - they
“How about gyros from the vendor on the corner?” Cas suggested.
Dean’s eyes went wide, apologetic. “I know…”
The rest was a blur of fists and slaps and pain and tears, Darlene’s and Sammy’s and his own.
So Cas had made excuses to himself and picked up the phone, knowing full well he was playing with fire, and
Michael, as executor, had to have known - had maliciously issued an invitation without warning nonetheless. Cas was still, and in his father’s eyes, always would be,
“No Cas…” Dean recovered. “I’m good,
Cas pulled his arm back around and they both shifted positions until Cas grabbed Dean’s hand. He looked out on the dance floor. It was packed with bodies, sweating, grinding, laughing, no one caring who was with whom.
Cas closed his eyes and exhaled. He had just finished updating his goddamn mailing address and contact information too.
“Yeah! Hey man, that sounds amazing. I’m really happy for you two... I promised Fred and Mildred I’d be there at the end of the month for dinner so If you need any help moving in let me know.”
Dean squeezed her shoulder in support and did his best to press his lips into a sympathetic smile, but his own eyes were already pained with the strain of pretending he wasn’t about to break.
Cas didn't have a brother named Balthazar. But how could there possibly be another Castiel Novak? What were the odds? Dean’s heart sank as he worked it out in his head. Men like Cas didn’t have “next of kin” outside siblings and parents.
Dean just looked back at Rufus, bewildered.
He suddenly feared Cas might think it was too sappy. Maybe he’d only want the hardened, flippant bad boy persona Dean showed to everyone else. Right now, Dean was feeling more like the scared little boy who'd always put on a brave face for Sammy, desperate to pretend everything would be okay, all the while just one more worry away from breaking apart.
to hear Dean tell him that he hadn’t meant what he’d said, that it was all a mistake - that he
He stepped back in front of the mirrors to fix his hair, attempting to bring some of the rebellious tufts into an ordered arrangement and somehow managing to make an even greater mess of it before finally giving up.
“It’s gorgeous!” High praise coming from Rachel who knew her plants and flowers. “Which one of you ordered this?”
He deserved to hurt for everything he’d done.
“No cases?” Cas asked.
Music figures in a lot of what happens in these characters' lives so yeah - I'm probably going to put in some cheesy youtube links to some of the songs for mood music.
“Just go to him Dean.” Sammy’s voice urged. “Talk to him.”
Dean shrugged, “What’s the point? Even if you got someone in charge who wanted to change things most of Congress wouldn’t let them.”
Cas swallowed, still blushing a bit with the show of affection in front of everyone. “Just a beer for now, thanks,” he said. Balthazar ordered a beer for Cas, “and I’ll have a Martini.”
” he whispered.
“Are you going to tell me where we’re going now?”
“Goodnight, Cas.”
Dean smiled regretfully as they dropped their hands. He turned reluctantly to go back inside.
“Yes...Oh...oh yes...I
“You d-don’t happ-p-pen to have a blanket do you?” Dean chattered.
“Thanks Sam. I owe you one. I’ll try to reach him again later.”
“Where did the ice come from Dean?”
Dean turned the white porcelain coffee cup in his hands slowly, making a study of it.
“Tonight, when you grabbed my arm in there, you pulled your hand away and it was the first time we touched since the war that there was no blood. No blood anywhere. Thank you Cas.” Dean looked up and met Cas’s eyes.
even making Cas laugh when he pulled his arm up and around to spin him under it.
Crowley leaned in as he poured Dean another two fingers. He was clearly enjoying himself.
I will be gone this week so while I try to post on Thursday and Sunday, Thursday will likely not happen. Be back soon though!
Dean just desperately wanted things to be as they were, those moments on the beach, when they were still innocent in a way, frozen in time.
It seemed they both might have some free time on Friday during the day to meet up if they met halfway and Dean was able to shift some of his work hours and finish up Saturday morning. Dean felt like they were stealing time together.
His dick ached against the tight fabric of his jeans as he cupped Cas’s ass and gripped firmly, fingers kneading into him. Dean brought one hand forward to run along the inseam of Cas’s thigh, feeling the press of his cock plumping against his hand. Cas moaned pleasure into his mouth as he moved a hand to palm Dean’s cock through his jeans, rubbing him...fucking him with the strong press of his hand, sending a pulsing shiver through Dean’s body. Dean rolled his hips into Cas’s palm, his lips sucking little kisses down the column of his neck - begging, pleading, crazed with need.
“Well I got eyes and ears don’t I? You were out in the middle of the yard.”
he said desperately. “You make it impossible to say no.”
Dean laughed again.
Sam followed, settling down quietly on the other end of the couch with his own coffee, giving Dean space.
Resting was good. Resting wasn’t dead. Resting implied consciousness and recovering from whatever put him there. Or did it? What put him there?
“I’m sorry," he cleared his throat as Cas continued to glare. "You can pick up your final check next Friday.”
Sam is tired of watching Dean not owning up to his feelings for the angel, Castiel. In order to prove his theory right, Sam makes Dean read one of the most known fics to all of the Supernatural fandom: Twist and Shout. How will Dean react and how will this affect the relationship between him and Castiel?
what he'd expected to hear. He sat, mouth parted slightly as if to speak but was mute.
TW - Reference to underaged sex work (past) which by definition of age of consent is non-con. References to past physical and emotional abuse. Derogatory language used regarding sex workers.
“Yeah...and another time I guess,” Dean thought, figuring whether the diner or brief visit to his job might be worth counting in his favor.
Dean settled into a rhythm, rocking against Cas, his erection hard against Dean’s stomach, their foreheads pressed together. Dean took it in his hand, smearing the precum around Cas’s head with his thumb, then stroking along with their rhythm until they were both on the edge of release.
Dean looked up. “That depends, are we gonna talk about Cas all night ‘cause if so then no, but if not….yeah...yeah I’d really like to go have a beer with you Bobby.” Dean’s eyes drifted back to the floor.
Dean wiped moisture from the corners of his eyes as Mick who was seated to his left, reached over and clapped a hand on his back.
"Dean wasn't exactly himself...It's more complicated than that.
“Good night Dean. Get some sleep sweetheart.” Getting up, she leaned in and kissed him on the top of his head, then headed for the door.
“You, me, and Jess. We’re gonna work this case until we find Cas, if that's what you really want.”
Later, Cas went into his bedroom to change into pajamas or sweats to sleep in. The phone rang and he picked up the extension on his nightstand. It was Rachel.
“Do you have an extra blanket?” Dean managed to remember to ask.
you’re
"I've seen men spend years in their own personal purgatory Brother," he told Dean privately as he sniffed at the last dregs of burnt coffee in the carafe at the back of the room. Grimacing he placed it back on the burner before turning back to Dean, "The only way out is through."
Rachel opened the door and immediately hugged Cas awkwardly around the casserole dish he held.
“Cas? It’s Dean.”
what you did to me! What you’re doing right now!”
“It’s okay Dean,” Cas chuckled, running his free hand along Dean’s arm. “I assumed you wouldn’t want us to sub for some stranger so he walked away disappointed.”
Cas knew he shouldn’t care, he should relax about it. No one was paying them the least bit of attention. That wasn’t why he was so nervous.
Dean lost himself in the little crinkles on the side of Cas’s smile. He felt dizzy in a way he knew only love could make you because he’d felt it before, the night of the Delta party and so many nights after with Cas.
“His cousin’s shop. The guy’s getting older and Bobby’s pretty much the owner now...I should probably go there and shower…….If I go…”
Every time they met under some pretense of “closure” or showing an old “friend” the sights, or showing off Baby, Dean knew he was only lying to himself. He barely kept his real hopes in check. Now, Dean finally held Cas’s hand in his, and it was like feeling the sun shine on his face for the first time after a dark cold winter. Dean knew in his heart he didn’t deserve it, but he swore to himself he’d do anything to keep this feeling.
Benny nodded, listening, scanning the traffic.
Cas sighed, the muscles in his throat aching as he tried to control his voice to make any kind of normal response. Instead, he blinked - a fat heavy tear dropping on the papers, smearing the ink.
“Cas...don’t!”
‘Rejoicing in each other, they returned to their bed, the old familiar place they loved so well.’”
“You boys got your stuff ready to go?” he asked brusquely as he stood at the door.
After a few minutes, Dean spoke
“My stuff is at Bobby’s garage across town,” he said finally.
“That sounds wonderful,” Cas said. He was in danger of choking up, so quickly took up the knife and concentrated on the task at hand. He suddenly had his brother and his sister back and they
“Take care of yourself Cas,” Dean choked, breaking it off.
“Cas, where are your glasses?” Jess asked. “Your eyes are so blue!”
“How long?” Cas asked finally.
“Now sir if you just sit down I promise you as soon as I have word about your brother I will tell you,”  her voice soothed.
”But I’m glad this happened anyway” Dean added. “Thank you. Although you were a bit of an asshole throwing me up on stage like that.”
He’d told Cas he wanted to spend the rest of his life with him. Cas thought they’d never been happier.
“I’ll be there Dean!” he heard Jess yell in the background.
the day Cas moved in after being evicted from his own.
“No man, - just her and another chick.”
Cas struggled to reconcile the Dean sitting across from him with his memories. Dean had been despondent after the war. So much so that he wondered as he struggled to get Dean to get out of bed, or even just to eat, if maybe
Dean knew he was poison now. He wouldn’t let the darkness inside him extinguish Cas’s light. He had moments where he felt shitty about leaving Cas the way he did, but some truths remain even when everything else crumbles to dust.
Dean wiped his hands on his jeans and took a deep breath before getting inside.
Voices and the laughter of other visitors echoed in the distance off the stone structures.
When they got back to the shop in Sacramento, Bobby, who had been advised to take a day off by the doctors, went into the office to do some paperwork.
“No, sadly no Dean. The poet said they
The need for sleep was taking Dean, fighting with his need to be near Cas.
Cas put a hand on his arm to stop him, incredulous. “
The driver sped off. Dean closed his eyes.
Dean stared up at the colonnade of Weeping Maidens, frozen in place - cast by their maker forever in sorrow, doomed to hide their faces in grief until time and the elements at last brought them low. Dean looked up now to one of them, bathed in the moonlight, her head in her hands, face hidden in mourning and once again Dean thought he understood her desolation.
“Yeah...okay.” Sam hesitated, “Dean, promise me you’ll stay away from Crowley’s. I don’t trust that guy.”
“I don't know Rachel, I just know I can't tolerate even being around him anymore after everything he did. So he can't be a part of it."
Dean swallowed, wondering just how much Cas had confided, and what kind of picture he’d painted of Dean. Looking worriedly back at the street, he spotted Cas and the children again, now little ants in the distance.
“I don’t want to be his patient,” Dean spat.
“Mommy! Mommy! Look!” Jenny found her legs again, pushing herself out of Cas’s arms with chocolate fingers, jumping down to run up the lawn while holding her bucket up, dripping out pieces of candy along the way. Cas scooped them up for her as he and Tommy followed at a slightly slower pace.
window. She was holding a baby and gently bobbing up and down. A man appeared and took the baby from her arms, lifting him high in the air and bringing him down to rest on his chest. This was somebody else’s place now. Cas wasn’t there. Dean would have to come to accept that he might never really be “home” again.
Dean shook the bits and pieces away.
“Cas, I’m sorry,” Dean choked, “I didn’t realize -” He stopped himself. There was nothing he could say.
“Yeah,” Cas eyed Dean curiously, “Why?…. You’re…you’re not actually interested are you?”
Dean thought about Garth’s family, just two streets away from Fred and Mildred, and now Benny. It of course made him think of Cas...because lately, everything made him think of Cas.
Still, Dean maneuvered between Cas and his admirer effectively blocking him and adding a not too subtle hip check.
Seeing Dean on stage at the cafe, and how easily he smiled and joked with Benny seemed to confirm that narrative.
“Um...Is it raining there too?”
Cas’s head tilted slightly and he shook his head, looking back at Dean, eyes dark as a forest clove. “Make love to me,” his voice strained as if he might be on the edge of crying.
..I need you...
Dean didn't answer, but in his periphery, he could see Dean smile, his eyes focused on the road ahead.
“I’m sorry,” Dean said.
Dean stood, toe to toe with the man, still needing to look up slightly to meet his leering eyes.
“Okay, okay...It’s pouring though, and I’m not bringing Janis out in the rain strapped to my back on the bike so you gotta come get me if you want me to bring her.”
Sam grabbed the duffle bags with their clothes. Dean opened the back passenger door and woke Cas who braced his weight on the door as he got out of the car. Dean ducked his shoulder under Cas’s arm and reached around his back to steady him.
“Dean? Are you okay?”
“Rachel, it was nice to meet you. Take care of your big brother,” he teased, eyes flicking from Rachel to Cas.
Cas laughed and walked down to admire Baby then invited him in for a quick break to see his apartment before they headed out for the day.
“Smell ya later Cas!”
He felt the hot sting of a hand across his face, his ass hitting the floor before he realized what happened. He brought his hands up defensively but his father had already moved on towards Darlene, shouting angrily.
Stirring and stirring and stirring my brew.
“Look, Sam and I will step out while you change, then we’re taking care of those” he pointed to the heap of bloody clothing on the chair “and you’re going to rest or sleep or do whatever it is that angels do to get better after being stabbed by a heavenly death spear.”
“Yeah okay shut up, you can bring your guitar too. Jess wants to play. Come on, quit pining and get your sorry ass out of there.”
“Thank you for the snow globe. That was sweet of you to think of it.”
“Starved.”
“We’re going a lot less formal and a lot less stuffy than one of Michael’s holiday gatherings.” She joked, forgetting again that Cas had never experienced one of those. He chose this time not to mention it.
what this was about - what Sam was afraid of - that Dean was spiraling downward again and would disappear like before.
“I think people will look at you like you’ve lost your mind,” Cas teased. “But then if anyone could make it catch on it’s you…...So….” he struggled, “I guess I should let you go watch it then…”
“I don't know, he's here right now actually.”
“God...
“Say what?” Dean’s lips quirked.
“That will be Kali!” Gabriel said, going to answer it.
Benny nodded, smiling approvingly at Ketch.
“I’ll be here. You can call me….Goodnight Dean.” Cas held on to the receiver until he heard a click on the other end. He placed the receiver down, laid back against the pillows, and tried again for sleep.
(See the end of the chapter for
Thank you for coming along on this journey with me so far! If you like the story don't forget to subscribe you get the chapter updates. I will be away this week and will post one more chapter Sunday. I will try to post Thursday but most likely it won't be ready until the following weekend.
Dean sighed audibly, collapsing onto the couch with the phone receiver in hand, “Cas...it's so good to hear your voice buddy.”
‘I don't know Rachel, I just know I can't tolerate even being around him anymore after everything he did. So he can't be a part of it.’
Dean settled himself above the covers, far enough from Cas to convince himself it was nothing more than concern for a friend. Close enough for his hand to resume gently rubbing up and down Cas’s side, even though it was no longer needed for warmth. After a few moments, Cas reached out and caught Dean’s arm, just holding it, settling him there. Dean pulled his hand back along Cas’s until their hand’s grasped. Gently he pulled Cas’s hand to his face, holding his cheek to the back of Cas’s hand and brushing it with his lips, pressing a soft kiss. It wasn’t romantic, just pure need. Still, it felt wrong, it felt forbidden, not because Cas wouldn’t want it, but because Dean
“Cafe Luna near Haight”
She met his challenging glare hard as nails, chin raised her eyes narrowing.
Dean couldn’t miss the water that welled in Sam’s eyes. So
across from Cas, disappointment in his eyes. Cas was just so heartbroken, he couldn’t bear it.
Dean turned and glanced at the face of the British man. He looked scared. The receptionist was trying to calm him.
Balthazar pecked Cas on the cheek and left.
“Dean!” It was Bobby.
Cas reached his hand around Dean’s back to rest on his opposite hip as they sat close, side by side. They leaned into each other.
“Cas?” Dean needed to say something, anything. Just to let Cas know he
He cared less about what they'd think about
Cas thought now about Dean. Dean had always been brash and impetuous, like the night he first followed Cas home and practically kidnapped him into a date, or the way he arrogantly taunted his competition before each race. He was unstoppable in everything he pursued.
“Thank you so much Cas, and you too Dean for helping me here. I’m putting out a “take one” sign with the whole bowl of candy and hoping for the best while I get these two in their baths. “You two can take off!”
“Your mother was not a whore Dean! That woman is. You wanna know why?”
Dean blushed and shrugged. “She was pretty, and nice…..
Sometimes...oftentimes, the loss was still so fresh and profound that it threatened to swallow him. So yeah, Cas liked to party. Getting high dulled the sadness. It was easy with Balthazar then, to kiss him, to make him smile, to be good to him the way he had been good to Cas. When he was high he felt happy...affectionate.
Dean lowered his eyes to the ground before nodding. “Yeah...I know that Cas,” he said gently. “Cas-”
He was too drunk, Dean realized suddenly. He should slow down..maybe stop.
“How are things with you? Have you and Dean patched things up?”
“But yesterday…”
“I’m gonna make it right Cas...with us I mean. If you’ll let me...if you want that.”
When he opened his eyes again Hannah was staring back at him looking...sad. She chewed her lip a moment, looking downward as if considering something before turning to him again.
“Are you trying to romance me with love poems Cas?” Dean smirked.
” his voice, a whispered lament,
Dean pulled into a gas station to refill the tank. He’d almost left Cas’s with the pumpkins still in the trunk but remembered as he heard a bump and roll pulling out of the driveway. He stopped the car, leaving all three on the front step. He couldn’t face any reminders of today.
“You okay back there Sunshine?” he called.
**********
About a week later Dean got an unexpected visit at the garage.
When the US Government and the State of California deemed Dean Winchester sufficiently “cured” and his treatment benefits ended, Rufus went the extra mile to make sure the young man wouldn’t fall through the cracks. He put Dean in touch with a veterans group in Oregon where he was moving and he gave Dean his personal number. Rufus made some of his free time available to check in with young men and women he thought would need additional support.
Cas had scolded him both playfully and urgently more than once, especially in public. Growing up the way he did, Dean never had to care about how he looked to the rest of the world. Never had to keep himself in check. He did what he wanted and consequences be damned, he’d find a way to handle it.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Cas didn’t have to say it for Dean to hear it.
was the source of that joy.
Dean sighed, and Cas was certain he saw through his bullshit but made an attempt to explain anyway. Cas for his part made an attempt to look like it all made sense to him now. Like some great fucking enigma had finally been unraveled in his mind now that mysteries of 'torque' had been settled.
be. What he wished he had been able to give to Sam. What some still small part of him wished he’d had for himself.  “I’m really sorry I showed up in the middle of your….” Dean gestured around him..."umm...Halloween.”
Damn it, this isn’t why he had come here, but now...here was Cas, his Cas….
. “You could meet my friend Benny too.”
Castiel smelled the scent of coffee brewing. He didn’t need the beverage, but he enjoyed the morning ritual. Cas rose and went to the kitchen.
only to find out Cas hadn’t even thought about Halloween in years. Dean sometimes forgot how much time had passed. Maybe it was because he wanted to erase the years in between. In the end Cas had smiled politely, accepting Dean’s gesture.
Cas came home from coffee with Gabriel and sifted through a handful of med school applications. Outside, what started as light rain turned into a torrential downpour. The world outside Cas’s window darkened at mid-day and the sound of the rain pounding on the roof made him want to curl up under a blanket. Abandoning the applications Cas changed from jeans into sweat pants and grabbed a Coke from the fridge. He found an old black and white movie on TV -
“Are we gonna get a lot of candy?” Jenny’s tiny voice could just be heard asking from a distance, her small form nearly bending backward to look up at Cas.
This was spinning out of Dean’s control, Balthazar was manipulating the story, making it into something it wasn’t.
“Dean,” Rufus cut in. “Slow down. First of all you're worlds away from where you started. Know how I can tell?”
“Let’s go!”
Rachel turned to him, her face beaming, “I was waiting until today to tell you Cas! I’m so excited! I got the contract to oversee the city’s new park and gardens. We’re just waiting on a grant from the state and construction will start in the spring!”
silly, it’s Mildred! And I am
Meg basically kept a vampire’s hours so he wasn’t worried about waking her. If anything she’d be too smashed at this time of night to notice the phone ringing - that is if he could even track her down.
Dean chuckled remembering,
Castiel Novak might not know anything about Rufus Turner, but Rufus knew a good deal about him. He was the unquestioned love of Dean’s life. Rufus listened now with great interest as Dean detailed his reunion with Cas after years apart. With trembling voice, Dean told Rufus about the flashback at the hospital, the first he had had in over a year, and most recently the day at the park.
"Yeah...okay."
When Cas returned to the kitchen he saw Michael off to the left with the club manager, his expression furious, a finger in the manager’s face.
“Dean you’re not going anywhere tonight,” Cas said.
“Look man!....” Dean choked, trying a different tack. “If you knew what I was... you wouldn’t give a shit about trying to save me.”
Later that day Cas walked to the nearest mailbox. Clutching the letter in his hand, he let it hover for just a moment, before letting go, dropping it in and releasing the door.
Balthazar zipped up the bag and stormed past Cas and into the living room.
“Thank God for that then.” Rufus said finally, shaking his head, “I was afraid you were gonna tell me you were some punk-ass Nazi.”
Sinking back down into a chair with a gardening magazine while Dean laid back on the pillows humming softly to the music. Cas caught him stealing a peek at him with one opened eye.
Cas hadn’t told Dean about Michael getting him fired. He knew he needed to look for another job somewhere. “I  may have to work. I’m not sure yet. Why?”
“You already have,” Cas said softly, a smile on his lips. “I wish more than anything that you could be here right now, but the flowers are beautiful, and hearing your voice again…it makes me very happy.”
“Uh...hi. I’m calling for Dean...this is Cas...Castiel”
Once he made the decision, he felt the calm assurance of being unburdened. Taking a deep breath he released it long and slow, feeling his shoulders relax tension he may just have been carrying for years, for all the relief he felt.
“Dean!” Cas called.
“Decide?”
Cas’s eyes widened, as he realized he had done just that. He looked around as if Dean could be hiding, watching somewhere in his apartment, even as he knew that was a ridiculous thought.
“Anything involving meat will do!”
“Try Michael, Gabriel or Rachel or any of those initials.”
“Is that what love is like for you and Fred? In your experience?”
His eyes widened to see Cas, Jess, and a young woman Dean didn’t recognize. Jess ran up to hug him as always.
“Can I pour you something Cas?” Rachel’s boyfriend Stephen was mixing her a cocktail.
“Me too….” Cas said, “It’ quiet, and calm, well except for the kids downstairs sometimes,” Cas smiled.  “But they’re good kids. Aren’t you tired from driving?”
“So you guys are-”
Sam called Jess to pick him up while Dean got dressed and, in spite of his head feeling like it had been cleaved in two, grabbed cleaning supplies.
“I agree.” Sam said.
“But we have a reputation to uphold here at the resort.”
Cas begged silently. He tried to put aside the shattering feeling of history repeating itself. Apart from that, Cas was truly worried about the condition Dean was in, which, even if the initial disorientation had passed, still seemed like one of shock.
what his father was like. He should have just quietly gotten his and Sam’s few things and followed John to the car. Instead he’d made a mess of the whole thing. Worse than the slaps were the words that followed.
“Get your ass over here before I come to that apartment and drag you out myself!”
Still, despite the odd nightly activities Darlene was kind and caring. She made them breakfasts of french toast or eggs. She hugged them and even kissed Dean on the top of his head before going out for groceries. Sometimes she let them tag along when she ran errands in town, taking Sammy’s hand. Dean thought he was too big to hold hands with an adult but he grabbed Sammy’s other hand so that he too could be connected, and little Sam would take turns looking up at them both, and he glowed, and Dean’s heart was full near to bursting with the sight of it.
Your comments are appreciated!
Cas eyed him suspiciously, “Thanks, but I’m with someone.”
“If I ever meet up with that son of a bitch he will be begging you on his knees for forgiveness.” Dean remembered how distraught Cas was when his landlord evicted him for sleeping with Dean. It broke Dean’s heart that Cas’s own brother went after him this way.
Cas moved in to kiss Dean’s lips, worms falling from his mouth.
Dean’s eyes welled and he choked back a sob. It was all suddenly surreal. The same place, a different time, and a world apart. Dean felt the ghost of his younger self and Cas still here on this beach. If he could punch through time and see them, himself and Cas, vivid, alive, innocent and untouched by the hell that would follow. He would like to take that in. Breathe in the sound of his own laughter one more time. Maybe they were there, his former self and Cas,..just beyond a veil, out of his reach and sight...something he could sense but not touch. Maybe he was already a ghost. Or maybe it was just that the drugs were already having an effect.
“Come on Cletus you stupid son of a bitch!” Dean laughed, waving on the tall man, whose head was now bleeding.
Cas laid the photo back in the box and closed it, hesitating before placing it back on the shelf in the back of the closet.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean hoped Sam had gotten in touch with Cas by now.
Dean's hands were shaking by the time he finally found one. Balthazar mentioned a few hangouts. He had already called most of their friends in town. Dean made Balthazar give him their names and numbers anyway using the back of an old takeout menu to take them down.
*Brief mention of past underage sex work.
piss your pants!” Dean teased. “I had to do the laundry!”
Dean wanted to tell him it was anything but weird but settled instead for “Hey, it wasn’t you...I think anytime people have…” Dean struggled.
“You still don’t vote then?”
He paid the young woman at the register and Cas helped him carry them and place them in the trunk of the Impala.
Balthazar knocked on the door, opening it a few inches when Cas failed to answer.
“Yeah, the warehouse is closed on Sunday.”
Dean huffed a derisive laugh, not really sure he wanted to know what that meant. Not that it mattered. Soon nothing would. Dean gazed out the window.
….he’d never be clean. What was he thinking coming here again? It had been selfish - so fucking selfish...so very fucking
He ran to the Impala, grabbing the bear and running it back to Cas.
“Look,” Sam told him, “you said you just wanted to make sure he’s all right. One way or another, after tonight you’ll know. Then maybe you can put it behind you.”
“Where the hell am I? What is this? Get off me! Cas!” Dean yelled out as an orderly tried to restrain him back into the bed. The attending physician appeared at the door with a chart.
Cas huffed a small laugh.
“Will you marry me Jess?” Dean teased.
“Yeah - that’s the next street over buddy.”
Dean looked at the clock and willed himself to wait five minutes before calling again. He made it to four before dialing. It rang.
"How do you figure that?"
“Lay down,” he commanded, easing Cas back against some pillows and gently washing down the wound with the cloth.”
“Exactly.” Benny nodded at Dean. “Because when the darkness gathers around you, you need to find something to give you hope, to just keep moving forward, and sure enough eventually, the world shifts.”
Sam just shook his head scowling.
a ‘whipped dog.’
Cas and Dean spoke softly together as the others got acquainted with small talk.
Cas smiled, ‘You can’t steal this one, she’s mine!”
“Give me back what’s mine...or I take it off your lifeless bodies.” Ramiel had said, counting the seconds down.
"Shush babe," Dean brought both hands to the sides of Cas’s face again, gazing tenderly. "We can do anything. I'll never let anyone hurt you...
Cas nodded, almost as an afterthought he pulled the tie off his arm and dropped it, following as Dean headed for the door.
His mind went again to the dream, he’d been frozen in place - like the Maidens - trying to run to Cas but unable to move until, stumbling over the dead, he’d been too late. He winced his eyes shut, shaking his head, pushing the dream away.
It was dark and Dean was standing in the garden, the tall figures of the Weeping Maidens towering overhead, but instead of hiding their heads in grief they looked down on him. A colonnade of bereft faces above him and a voice behind him.
They entered through a door on the side of the garage and climbed an enclosed staircase to the second floor. Cas led him in and over to a sitting area that functioned as a living room and offered Dean a Coke.
“I appreciate you bringing me home, I really do, but anyway why are you still here?” He knew the longer Sam stayed the more questions he’d be badgered with.
“Oh...I didn’t know you two were hanging out.”
It was a small seed in a barren landscape. One that maybe Cas didn’t even know he’ d planted - but if he could, Dean would water it and nurture it and encourage it to grow into a flower so beautiful and full that Cas would lose himself in its beauty and forget all about the cracked and desolate soil of their past.
Cas was dancing with some girl. He didn’t think I saw him looking at me but I did, and I just...I just knew. You know?” Dean’s lips quirked. “So I turned around and winked at him.”
Dean cringed at the volume of the overly enthusiastic greeting from another clipboard-carrying stranger. This one wearing a short-sleeved dress shirt, tie and dress pants.
“Please Cas...promise me. Not tonight.”
Cas wondered what that simple flick of lashes meant. Wondered if he’d misread in some way. Was that Dean flirting? Or was Dean so over him, so oblivious to the idea that Cas could still be pathetic enough to be holding on to a love he'd cast away years ago, that he didn't realize the unrest an innocent gesture of friendship would cause.
Dean wanted to lay Cas down on a blanket in the moonlight, under the ruins of an ancient temple and both worship and defile him. Bathe him in kisses, run his hands through his hair and over every inch of his body, feel Cas's skin against him - slick with sweat and arousal and fuck into him, hard and desperate, over and over, until Cas couldn’t remember any of his hurts...until he couldn’t remember his own name.
He let the feeling carry him.
He winced at the memory of leaving Cas...he remembered going to the Crossroads bar and ordering whiskey...he remembered Crowley striking up a conversation and drinking a few shots with him...it was mostly a blur after that.
What the hell would he say to Cas about last night’s total lack of self-restraint? To Sam if he happened to come in for that matter? Carefully, reluctantly, he extracted himself from Cas’s limbs and slowly got out of bed so as not to wake him. The phone on the nightstand said 8:47 AM but it was still very dark, a benefit of life in a windowless bunker. Dean quietly opened the door and padded down the hall to his own room, jumping under the covers. He tried for another half hour to get back to sleep before giving up and going to the kitchen to make coffee.
Dean hadn’t blown him off.
...- the pain, sharp and fresh as when it was new - finding out all over again that Dean was
“It's not stupid or pathetic Cas…. are you kidding me? It’s completely normal to freak out a little when you break up with someone - especially when you’re the one who made the move. But it sounds to me like you were with him for the wrong reasons and left for the right reasons.”
(See the end of the chapter for
She was right. Looking at Cas took Dean’s breath away. Cas had always been beautiful, but it was more than that. In the years since Dean left, Castiel had finished the transition from a boy to a man. His body was lean but somehow broader. His cheeks were slightly fuller, hair a little longer, with a whisper of stubble on his jaw where Dean remembered baby smooth skin. He wore a blue button-down shirt and black jeans. He thought of his Cas, so adorable in glasses. This Cas was older….his eyes were still stunning.
Dean’s hips seemed to take on a life of their own as Cas stroked him, unfastening his jeans and pulling down as Dean shifted and shimmied them around his thighs until finally his cock sprang free, erect and already
Dean flipped open the book to the passage she’d marked.
“Cas looks good,” Sam said. “Like he looks like maybe he’s doing okay. He doesn’t seem like he’s angry at you like you were afraid of.”
Dean sat back, on his knees, groaning at the sight of Cas, laid out naked before him.
“You deserve so much more though,” Dean’s voice was cracked and strained. “So much more than I ever gave you.”
“Then why did you take all those pills and chase it with a half bottle of whiskey last night?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas thought.
Cas started to nod…”Yes..” he whispered, eyes closed, putting his arms around Dean, his fingers skimming above the muscle and bone of his back beneath his clothes as Dean kissed him again. Cas could hear the quickening in Dean’s breath between the sound of raindrops on the car...could see it in the rise and fall of his chest. Dean smoothed the sides of Cas’s face with his hands before laying a kiss to his forehead. Dean pulled back, a smile lighting his face and his eyes. He laid one more chaste kiss on Cas’s lips and then opened the door, signaling Cas to follow. Just as they slid out of the Impala, the skies opened up even more.
It went off far too early he thought, as if he had only closed his eyes for a long blink. The beeping caused Dean to moan but only stir slightly. Cas felt his head again. It was still too warm to the touch, but Cas was satisfied that the fever had abated somewhat. Better to let Dean continue to sleep than to force him awake to take more medicine. He left Dean to rest while he readied himself for work.
he reasoned forcing himself not to panic,
“Well, I’m voting for Carter anyway. He believes people shouldn’t be able to discriminate against people like us. Think about it, we wouldn’t have to hide anymore.” Cas looked at him defiantly.
“Cas…listen to me,” Dean tried to break through as Cas narrowed his eyes at him, confused.
“Who are you?” Tommy asked suspiciously, looking up at Dean like he was a giant who might have to be slain.
his heart pounded,
After hanging up with Sam, Dean tried the numbers one by one.
One thing that was different about this apartment from the others he’d lived in throughout his life was the quiet. The building was full of tenants but somehow the walls and floors kept the noise of other lives out. It was sometimes possible for Dean to go an entire day without hearing another soul in the building. No doubt most tenants would see this as a pro rather than a con, but Dean, having grown up in shitty noisy spaces with thin walls, had spells where he found the silence oppressive. He sometimes went into the hall, walking down the stairs or even outside just long enough to run into someone so he could nod hello, and get a response, assuring Dean he wasn't the only one left in the world. It wasn't always like this - when Dean came home from work most days his apartment felt like a welcoming haven. But sometimes, there were stretches of days when it felt like a silent prison.
“It’s Tylenol Dean. It will help reduce your fever. I think you might have the flu.” Cas looked concerned.
Cas looked momentarily into his coffee as if the answer to a burning question might be revealed in its depths, finally looking up to search Dean’s face. He decided to be blunt.
“Hey Cas,” he held out his hand for him to take and Cas smiled shyly as Dean twined their fingers together.
With a lopsided smile Cas reminded Dean,“Firstly, April was a woman. Secondly, I was fully human at the time. Thirdly and most importantly I wasn’t in love with April, and the desire I felt in that brief moment of need for her, is nothing compared to my desire, and love for you Dean Winchester.” This last he said placing his hand on Dean’s cheek again and brushing his lips with his thumb. “I want to be sure I don’t accidentally do something that hurts you."
On Friday Dean took Bobby with him to the shop in San Francisco. He’d purchased another car for restoration, but Bobby wanted the work done at the shop in Sacramento. It was driveable but the body needed a lot of cosmetic improvements. Bobby took care of overseeing some paperwork for the business while he was there and then went back to Sacramento. Dean would do some necessary work on the Mustang to make it drivable and return with it to Sacramento the next morning. He finished the work in the afternoon. Dean could’ve driven home that night, but he didn’t. Instead, he took it for a drive to Fisherman’s Wharf and spent some time walking along the Embarcadero, watching the waves crash onto the shore, before stopping and ordering a beer at the same family restaurant where Cas had taken him months ago. It seemed like yesterday and a lifetime ago all at once. Dean wished he could go back to that moment and have Cas here with him now.
More silence.
“Dean!” Cas moaned, gasping now loudly, pressing his hips towards Dean and driving his tongue deeper. Covering his hole with his lips, Dean alternated flicking his tongue side to side with swirling it around inside of Cas as he squirmed and cried out with pleasure.
“I’m going to bed,” he said flatly, looking between them both.
Cas would have to get up extra early to drive back home in the morning to shower and change for work but it would be worth it to finally feel Dean’s body warm against his after so long.
"Happy Thanksgiving."
“You want to play house with a whore as your mother?!” John yelled.
Cas thought.
“True though,” he smirked, brushing by Cas, pie in hand and into the next room. “It’s good to see you smile, kiddo.”
“Did he tell you why he’s here Cassie?”
The sun was almost on the horizon already and Dean regretted briefly that he wouldn’t have more time, more light to remember the way Cas’s eyes reflected the blue of the water in morning. This would have to be enough. Dean couldn’t take another day. He already felt like a ghost. The last living part of him died months ago when he whispered those words.
“I just want it to stop.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean gave in and tentatively sang along as Jess made him harmonize. After the first verse, he had to admit it wasn’t too bad. Listening to them sing together for the first time, Sam thought it was one of the most magical things he had ever heard. Sam grabbed the tambourine, ribbons and all and joined in and Dean broke down laughing so hard they all had to start over.
“Mother fucker!” Red baseball cap yelled. “I’ll fix that pretty mouth of yours!” Still holding Dean fast, he grabbed the jagged bottleneck from the bar and was about to use it when a hand gripped his arm from behind twisting it, causing the man to drop the makeshift weapon and lose his grip on Dean. The man spun around just in time for his nose to collide with the rock-hard fist of Sam Winchester. The man cried out stumbling backwards and bringing his hands to his face.
"I'm sorry to bother you but your sister called and asked me to give you her number.”
“Cocksucking whores like you don’t belong around here!” he spat through clenched teeth choking off Dean’s airway as Dean struggled and clutched with both hands, trying to loosen the man’s grip round his neck. Dean heard a smashing sound above him and suddenly glass and liquid was everywhere. The man let go of Dean’s neck, and Dean sucked in a gasping breath as the man fell away to the floor. Crowley dropped the remnant neck of the bottle he’d smashed against the man’s head onto the bar.
Dean closed the book again, setting it on the bedside table and pulling the cord on the lamp to turn out the light.
Bobby hung up. Dean closed his eyes and sighed, leaning against the wall. He ran his hand over his forehead to rub away the tension. This sucked.
“Tell me!”
“And now after all this...you were just going to leave
Cas looked confused, “You just brought him up.”
Dean shook his head. “Don’t you worry about me. Go get some sleep.” He flashed her a smile, ”I’ll make us coffee and drop you back to the hospital in the morning. Then Garth and I will get to work here.”
Dean cried out as his body shook and Cas worked their combined juices over and into Dean’s skin, laying claim to him - sinking back into Dean’s lips for a kiss. Cas curved his hand to catch each hot burst, dripping it back onto Dean as his dick pulsed and throbbed against Cas’s palm and he came all over himself.
I mean...that was a long time ago.
Over the next week, Cas was battered by wave upon wave of pain. One minute he was okay, watching some idiot “buy” another vowel, losing money when clearly he already knew the answer to the Wheel of Fortune puzzle.
Fred looked back at Dean. “If it had been my boy, heading to that beach, I would have wanted someone to stop him. Life’s too precious Dean.” A tear welled in Dean’s eye as he considered it and Fred had the grace to look away so Dean could wipe his eyes in private. Before he left he gave Dean a card with the number for his cab service.
“Benny’s a good friend, who helped me through a rough patch after my tour,” Dean said as if to clear up any confusion as to their relationship. Cas looked curiously at Benny, and back to Dean - questions in his eyes that Dean wanted to answer…. but it probably didn’t matter anymore. Cas had Balthazar now.
Cas thanked her, grabbing more napkins and bringing them back to the car. The lot was nearly empty, and where Cas parked off to the side it gave them a little privacy. He set the cups on a picnic table in front of the car, opened the passenger door, and placed a hand on Dean’s back, another on his arm to guide him out and over to the table. Cas wasted no time. He grabbed Dean’s hands and placed them together, forcing him to cup them and dumping a handful of ice from the cup into them.
Cas sat silent in the passenger seat of the car as Balthazar drove him home from the hospital. Waiting at a traffic light, Balthazar tentatively reached for Castiel’s hand to hold in the space between them. Cas moved his hand politely to fit inside Balthazar’s.
. He'd been
Dean watched from the window as Cas got in the waiting taxi. He looked back, spotting Dean, and waved from inside one last time. Dean managed a tight-lipped smile and waved back.
A little laugh like chiming bells burst forth from Cas as he smiled down at their hands, eyes moist, and he smiled, and smiled some more, before raising his eyes back to Dean, whose beautiful face looked tenderly back - eyes soft, and deep, and dark with longing.
Dean thought.
How could Dean blame
“I’ll be good to you. Give me a chance. I’ll be really good to you. I want to be good to you.” * quote from Chapter 2 of Twist and Shout
“And what do you do Jessica,” Baltazar asked formally.
He hung up the phone, grabbed a cup of coffee and the remainder of his med school applications and went out on the back deck to get some fresh air and sun. The house was quiet. Hannah’s ex-husband was in town visiting his parents. She’d taken the kids there for a sleepover.
But that night a wholly different Cas walked in. One who had filled out into the firm lines of manhood. Fit, strong, and fuller in face and body. A sure sign that Balthazar had been a better provider than Dean could ever hoped to be, and it shamed him.
“Stop it Dean! Just stop it!” Sam stood up.
“The Palace of Fine Arts please,” he told the driver as he and Dean climbed into the back.
Cas smiled, “I’d like that….Call me when you can.”
“What the fuck’s that supposed to mean?”
Dean choked on his soda, breaking into a coughing fit.
Dean parked the car, and jumped out “Come on.”
“You?” the man continued.
Chapters: 21/21
As they walked together Dean’s eyes rested upon the friezes and took in the sorrowful figures of the Weeping Maidens.
“The two drag queens sitting at the table next to ours, the bouncer, and don’t forget the meter maid writing parking violations on our way out of the club,” Charlie chimed in. She lowered her voice to a whisper, “Much as I think you two would be sweet together, poor Alfie never had a chance,” she confided.
“Well, you were with April.”
. Rejection flayed at Cas like a whip tearing flesh. Dean made it clear that he wanted nothing more to do with him. He blamed Cas for setting him off, and maybe he was right. Cas had been foolish -  allowing himself to believe Dean would want to go back to the way things were.
Outside the late autumn rain beat down on the Impala - cold and torrential, bringing down leaves from the trees in its wake -  the streams of water against the glass made a shimmering shield to protect them from the rest of the world. But inside was warmth and strength and softness. Inside was a world of only Dean and Cas.
he thought, smiling sheepishly back.
“Surprise inspection?” Randall joked. After all, he and Bobby had been there only yesterday.
He pulled Cas in for a kiss.
really be
“No.” Dean turned and smiled, leaning into him, pressing their foreheads together. “That would ruin the surprise, Cas.” Dean ducked in, quickly stealing a kiss from Cas’s lips before securing the bike and taking the backpack from him. “My turn to carry this now.”
How could Dean not know by now? Seconds passed as he gathered himself to keep his voice from breaking.
“Dean!” Cas yelled, his hands up to protect him from the spray as a water droplet hit him square in the eye.
“Big tips in that part of town!” Charlie told him. Cas wasn’t thrilled that this essentially meant he would be working seven days a week most weeks, but a letter from NYU’s Grossman School of Medicine energized him with the knowledge that this too would pass.
...what you intend about me. About
“Huh!” Dean snorted an almost laugh.  “No….. Queer.” Dean looked defiantly up at Rufus, sure of the reaction he’d get, daring the man not to show disgust.
They made more small talk as they ate their meal. Dean insisted on paying for dinner even though he had gotten their coffees earlier, arguing that he owed it to Cas for coercing him into the Fisherman’s Platter.
“We’ll find a way Sam. We always do.” Dean told him.
“Hey, yeah. I’m here."
“Dean!” Cas shook his head. “You stupid, stupid man!” he sighed, “When are you gonna figure out that I’m still crazy about you?”
“My old man’s been dead for years, so I guess you’re too damn late to collect.”
**********
Cas stepped away for a moment then looked back at Dean thoughtfully. His next words to Dean nearly swept Dean’s legs out from under him.
I’d come see you.” Cas regretted saying that almost immediately. ‘
Cas’s expression was soft, wistful as he looked back at Dean. “It's just...you barely know me. You’re gonna change your mind one day when you realize I’m nobody special.”
Cas had stripped down to his underwear and climbed into the bed in the spare room across from their bedroom.
He and Dean talked on the phone for an hour or two every couple of weeks those first few months. As time went on and Dean got stronger, the calls became fewer. Rufus was encouraged for Dean, but people relapse, they doubt themselves. Aside from that, it has never been a question of sheer mental prowess. The brain changes in response to trauma. It adapts to survive in a hostile environment. It learns to respond unconsciously to triggers that might signal danger. Tragic how the very chemical and biological adaptations that make one strong, allowing one to survive in one environment can make one feel weak, like an absolute failure in another.
Ignoring him, Dean grabbed a coverall out of his locker at the back of the shop and put it on. He needed to get his hands on something he could fix. When Dean worked on a bike or a motor everything else drifted to the periphery. He could let his mind empty of everything but the task at hand. That’s what he needed. That’s what he was trying to do. Only this time it wasn’t working. Dean lost track of what he was doing as a litany of worry and regret dominated his thoughts.  He tried to focus on replacing worn parts on the old Harley engine.
“Uh.” Dean smacks his lips together. “I’ll take the largest slice of ….” He glances down at the menu. “Apple pie you got. And the ribs if you please.”
“I love you.” Dean says. “And loving you is what makes me happy.”
Dean looks at him and Castiel manages a crisp nod.
for him. “I get why you didn’t want to be around me. If– if something like that happened to me… I don’t know how I’d feel about seeing the same face.”
Dean’s lips meet his in a chaste kiss. “I need you.”
“Cass is a um, heh.” He laughs, “Big boy.”
Terrified.
“You regret it then?” That’s why he hadn’t let Dean reciprocate. Castiel knew that if Dean paniced, that that would have made the situation ten times worse.
A large smile slowly spreads across his face. “Dean?” he says, pressing a hand to his chest in mock shock. “Did you forget the pie?”
It’s then that Sam remembers what he’s supposed to be saying. That Dean never left him and all of that. It had become such a casual – normal – thing that he hadn’t paid it a second thought. “Dean was the one who took care of you when I couldn’t. He fed you and watched over you.” he sees Cass sink down in his seat. “He got you new toys and clothes. Cass… he treated you like he’d treat his own son. And – you – you had him wrapped so tight around your finger that he was about to get a pet. Cass he literally doted on you. His world revolved around you – making you happy. Keeping you safe. Making sure that you were okay when he wasn’t.”
He cracks an eye open. Unbelievable. Cass is still here and wearing… nothing but a towel.
Jody isn’t back yet and Dean looks very near tears. Of the two of them, Cass cries from time to time, but he hasn’t seen Dean so much as shed a tear.
“So you don’t get a mouthful of come that you’re not ready for.” Dean says crudely.
“Where’d you even get that thing?” Sam asks, always the focused one.
Dean is afraid that if he reaches forward… some things of his will be on display.
“So…” Dean asks again. “Plans?” he’s a little antsy that he just brushed over his question earlier.
Everything Cass said, the deal he kept a secret for years, the way he cared solely because Dean did, it’s too much. Castiel is an angel. Pure. Perfect. How can he say those things about Dean, how can he look at him like this - love him - knowing what he’s done? How can Cass call him the most caring man in the world when just weeks ago he trampled all over him and drove him away from the bunker despite knowing how wrecked he was losing Jack.
It’s an understatement, but Cass eats up the praise, practically preening at his side.
“Hey.” Dean calls, inching closer. “Did you sleep okay last night?”
“I know it isn’t as burnt as you like it.” He quips, pasting on his most charming smile.
For a while they’re happy. Holding each other. Touching freely, without fear of retribution.
Sure, Dean might forgive him now, but he has no doubt that he’ll do something to anger the man again. He promised that he wouldn’t leave… Dean had made no such assurances about not kicking him out. The depth of Dean’s emotions earlier still overwhelm him. He wanted to continue talking to him. Hash out all the misunderstandings that they might have… and eventually get back to a place where they could trust each other again.
Immediately, Cass beings to worry. “What’s wrong Sam? Is Dean in danger?”
He feels dizzy suddenly. But his mouth is filterless, blurting out the first question that comes to mind. “You didn’t recognize it wasn’t me?”
“Why not?” Castiel bites out.
He’d forgotten all about his face.
Crowley shrugs, unconcerned. “The truth always gets out, Cassie.” Crowley smiles then. “That’s the name of Dean’s first love, isn’t it?”
“A love bite?” he echoes.
Castiel hums to himself as he packs the kitchen. Absentmindedly he scrubs at the pie pan. Dean ate two thirds. All Castiel can think about are the expressions on Dean’s face as he ate and the myriad of appreciative noises that Castiel would never tire of hearing.
Something hard lingers under the surface and Castiel gasps in audible distress. He hadn’t seen Dean fully naked since they’d come to the cabin. Everything had been done above the clothes or with half their clothes still on. He thinks back to Dean falling in the bathroom and not getting up, the way he clung to the walls lately when walking down the stairs.
“I made a deal with the Shadow. When I’m happy it will drag me away to the Empty”
Leaning against the porch railing, Dean laughs again, “Not unless you want a houseful of suds.”
“I’m trying. I’m trying.” He repeats as he wracks his mind for anything even resembling a fix for this.
“Hey.” Calls Dean. “This place has a bathtub.”
“You should know.” Cass’ voice is severe. “You were there.”
“Like I said,” says Crowley, lifting the cover to show him the title. “I love a good love story.”
Cass scoffs at that. “In our world, it’s the opposite.”
“I enjoy this too.” he admits, “I um, never even fathomed that you and I would ever have the chance to be with each other in this capacity.”
“Please.” He clenches his fists to avoid reaching out. “I don’t want things to be like this between us. I love you Cass.”
“Why would I hurt an innocent creature when I could just ask him to release us?”
“You can’t use that.” Lucifer hisses, moving back, clearly shaken by the idiosyncrasy they’re witnessing from Crowley.
The flush that appears on Dean’s face is telling. He obviously knows what happened next.
Dean laughs. “No squirrels. And we’re watching all the Ice Age movies.”
“What are you doing here?” he demands, moving to shield Dean.
Dean lifts his leg for the third, then pivots at the last second.
“We have a bet.” Cass reminds him.
“Yeah.” He says sarcastically, “next time, how about you thank me by listening to what I have to say!”
Gripping his arm harshly Castiel wrenches him upright once more. “Don’t.” he begs, “I’ll help you Dean.”
“Okay. We can deal with that later.” Then he turns to Cass who seems frozen in place. “Cass?”
“It’s okay if you don’t.” Cass says gently. “You can’t save everyone my love, though you try.”
“Sam told me I should leave before any more damage is done to you.” he says, clutching the box almost hopefully. Is there a chance that Sam had acted of without Dean’s consent? He would not stick around to cause Sam any discomfort even if that is the case, but it would mean everything to him: that Dean held no malice towards him.
“In passing.” Cass says, his tone snippy.
That hadn’t been what he’d expected.
“And is it also true that you are in L-O-V-E with you know who?”
Sam was the one to introduce him to Netflix and the concept of ‘binge-watching.’ He’d confided in him about leading the group of hunters and Dean’s plan to get into the Ma’lak box. They’d worked side-by-side on removing the Mark of Cain. They relied on each other, had both endured possession by Lucifer. They
He hates this waiting. The suspense is about to kill him. A clear cut answer had been all that he wanted – all that he expected. Why couldn’t Cass just put him out of his misery.
Dean smiles sleepily at him. “Then why are you all the way over there?”
“I’ll bring the car around. Okay?”
Sometimes he wants to strangle the angel.
“From what I can tell, our timelines were basically the same at the start… when he says he fell in love.”
“Let’s make soup Sam.” Cass says.
What should he wear? He’s pretty sure he’s got a hospital gown somewhere but he doesn’t want his ass hanging out. He grabs the gown and some boxers and changes, hoping that Cass is ready too.
“Dean?”
Song: Sincerity is Scary - The 1975
Dean thought
Most places are starting to pack up. The closest thing he can see is a skeevy looking version of duck hunt. There are a row of prized on the wall behind the game. Dean tugs Cass’ sleeve, beckoning him over. “Which one do you want?”
“Fluid.” He repeats. “Lighter fluid. Fluid movements. Fluid speech.” He pauses to think. “Water is fluid. Air is fluid.”
“Dean!” Sam bellows. “Your bacon grease is in everything!”
Knowing Dean, he’d been obsessing over that revelation ever since. It’s probably what drove him to down an entire bottle of whiskey. But he managed to keep it together because… why the hell would he trust the word of some random creature over the phone? Now that Sam’s confirmed it, Dean looks like a wreck.
Dean, he reminds himself, Dean likes pie, Dean likes rock, Dean loves the Impala and Dean hates Castiel.
“Just leaving them alone in there is giving me heartburn.” Dean begins to pace and Sam gets anxious. He wouldn’t put it past Dean to storm into the room and kill Crowley, along with any chances they have of figuring this out.
“What did you do?” he parrots.
“You know that other you convinced himself that I was in love with you?”
A deep chuckles comes from beside him. “Please don’t think about that.”
“He probably left something to guard Sam too, so we’ll have some fun hacking it apart.”
Sam winces. “It’s a… binding spell?”
Sam knows that that’s not the real reason, but he doesn’t push. This is all about them realising that words are important too.
“Come on, you’re plenty useful.” Dean tries to comfort him. Evidently, Cass really believes that he’s useless.
Cass nods.
Or worse yet; he’d be able to act naturally around Dean and things would go back to normal… only, one day he’d become complacent and he would slip up… kiss Dean or tell him ‘I love you’ or even show jealousy when Dean got lucky – and Dean Winchester
“I’m glad
“You were spying on him.” Cass deduces. “Why?”
Sam’s wrist – it just – spasms. Suddenly his laptop is flying halfway across the hotel room and everyone is staring.
… ‘lose my worried mind’
"We have to leave."
“What was it then?” he asks, leaning against the door.
His hips keep thrusting and twisting trying to find something to grind on. His eyes lock with Dean’s, begging him to continue. Dean only bites his lips and grabs Castiel’s wrists, pinning them above his head and gently kissing his finger-tips.
Right. So one point to the ‘Cass does not love him’ side.
How on earth had they missed each other?
“Hey Cass, why don’t we get – get breakfast?”
“Okay,” Dean says amiably, “Shoot.”
Dating.
“The hell you can’t.”
for beta reading this chapter!
Cass takes a step forward. “Dean. Don’t - don’t say this to-”
Dean has loads of free time now anyway. With the whole The Darkness vs The Light crisis averted, his mom back, Sammy rescued from British psycho-bitch and Cass hanging around the bunker with them… well, there’s never been a more perfect time to try out some of the stuff in that book.
“Those tablets are old news,” He says dismissively.
Damnit!
That she does.
“Cass. I’m sorry.” Dean offers gently. “I know it wasn’t your fault.”
What could it have been? A shifter? No - Sam remembers ‘Jody’ using a silver knife to slice some pie. A siren, perhaps? Though, what would it want with them? It could be a spy, co-ordinating some sort of attack and scoping out their weaknesses. Somehow, that just doesn’t feel right.
“I’m not keeping it hostage.” He pouts. Well he was but Gabriel doesn’t need to know that. Now that the angel doesn’t seem likely to just up and leave him, Crowley’s mind is free to think about the finer things: “Just think of the sex we can have.”
Not on his watch.
Thanks for reading!
Sam hooks a hand over the back of his chair and seems to really consider this.
Maybe he can rub them off, like dirt. Rubs his palms firmly across his face… nothing. By heaven, it’s made it worse! Castiel feels his breathing pick up. What if it doesn’t go away? He wishes it would go away. Almost panting now, he presses the soap and tries that washing with cold water. Nothing!
Dean feels like a jackass. The crown king of jackasses.
“Doesn’t that seem… strange? Them working together like that?”
"I've contacted the Michael of this world." Michael announces. "Dean will be here shortly and for three of the seven days in a week."
“So you ask your dysfunctional angel brother who probably learned all he knows from
But in his surprise, Dean forgot to consider one important detail: Castiel now looks like the mirror image of Cass. One look at Sam tells him that he noticed too.
“Well we’re not here for a reading lady.” Dean says, stepping fully into the room. “We’re just here to see if you can get us the hell out of here – back to our universe.”
Cass looks around, flustered, but replies anyway. Droning on about the house. Sam continues searching on his laptop… something doesn’t quite add up about this case.
Dean’s throat feels clogged, overwhelmed by this unnervingly accurate introspection into the way he has sex. It’s true, of course, but slightly off-putting that Cass knows so much and is confident about saying it.
A shifter.
“Dean!” he cries, his eyes wild and confused. “What happened?”
Will he ever know the difference between his fears and reality?
‘Crimson and Clover’
Her eyes cut across to Dean, then back to Castiel who is still standing stock still in the room, possibly hoping that it would keep Sam from noticing him. He looks unnervingly lost. Which is concerning. When they’re in unfamiliar territory, Cass is always the one to keep his cool and think logically. It’s one of the things he and Sam have in common.
Sam wants to know how… because he hadn’t even touched the pearl.
“Alright.” He whispers, mentally psyching himself up. “If Cass has the paper I’ll tell him… something.” He takes a breath. “If he doesn’t, then, things just go back to normal.”
Cass smiles at him and gestures to his throat. “That I don’t need this anymore.”
Mary smiles at him and it brings him the comfort that only a mother’s smile can. “How about me? No dripping hair here.”
“But I am.” Cass insists, though his voice holds no judgment. “You and Dean are brothers. He will
Leaving his porn out. What had he been thinking. He remembers the last time Cass found porn. His eyes drift down. Yup. Little Cass is rising and shining.
A paramedic walked up to Dean, kept him from reaching Sam, “Are you Dean Winchester?” she asked and Dean nodded, trying once again to get past her but the gentle hand on his arm stopped him, “He’s in shock,” she explained, “Refuses to go to the hospital.”
“Tell me about her, then.”
Dean would be forever grateful that Cas let him do this without even hesitating.
He didn’t know and it was too much to think about.
“Whiskey.”
Sam shrugged. “I’m just saying.”
“It was just nightmare,” Dean muttered.
He must have heard that wrong.
Grabbing the gun from the glove box, Dean got out of the car and walked towards the door, Sam and Cas following him closely.
“Wanna talk?”
Dean thought because no normal person would walk like that, unless they’d anticipate a threat. Dean wasn’t sure how long they waited like that, quietly waiting in the dark, listening.
“Yeah.”
“Hey, don’t shoot the messenger.” Charlie raised her hands, taking a step back. “But you better drink that water. If you pass out on this bar, I’m not gonna carry you to bed.”
He sits silently, staring at the mallet in the back seat. Maybe he should destroy the car, like Dean had wanted him to. It had practically been his dying wish, and Castiel knows enough about humans now that he knows that a dying wish should always be fulfilled.
Dean remains quiet. He worries his lip and seems almost… disappointed? That can’t be right, Sam shakes his head. But after a minute passes without a word from Dean, he decides that enough is enough.
wanting to bump uglies? That’s new and disturbing.
Michael can relate to that. He too, knows the shame that affection can bring. Castiel stares at him like a frightened deer.
of all things can be used to coat a salty snack? Since when does Dean even like this?
I'm so sorry that it's late and so short, but I promise the next one will have some more bulk. I've been sick all week with fever and I could barely get my brain to follow through with one sequence of thought.
