“I feel like I should be offended,” Peter said dryly, but he clearly wasn’t. He opened the bottle and swallowed two pills without any water. Tony looked at that bruise again.
“You’re the tactician, Cap,” Clint eventually said. Tony and Thor just nodded their consent. Natasha pursed her lips but didn’t argue.
“Suck it,” Steve said in response, then let out a triumphant, “HA!” as his avatar overtook Clint’s onscreen. Clint swore under his breath. Tony had not been aware that Captain perfect was even capable of saying such phrases as ‘suck it’.
“Hey, hey, sorry I’m late,” Peter said. He sounded out of breath. 3490 Tony stood up, crossing to him.
Kate wasn’t crying anymore, but she had the same expression that Peter wore. Their father and the others had already left, and they had taken the youngest kids with them. Kate stared at the television, not watching it. When had she eaten last? She’d had coffee that morning, but when had she eaten? When had any of them eaten last? James looked in the kitchen—some of the Alts were eating at the table. Billy and Teddy had joined them, and James could see some of the others eating elsewhere—sitting on the floor, or couches in the main room. Kate and Peter, of course, had obviously not had anything and didn’t look like they were moving any time soon. Someone had opened some cans of soup, warmed it up, and made some bread from the supplies they had—a feast in their little bunker. James was starving. He had been starving for three days; there wasn’t enough in storage for anyone to get supersoldier portions and none of them had known when their parents would return with more supplies. He knew Kate and Peter had to be hungry as well. He went into the kitchen, got out two bowls, filled them with the vegetable soup still steaming in a pot on the stovetop, and grabbed a pair of rolls. He ventured into the main room, and held a bowl out to his sister first. She didn’t even acknowledge his presence.
Finally, on the third day, after Kate had one successful day at school under her belt, after the kids had left for yet another day, Tony emerged from her lab to find a black duffel sitting by the door. Tony froze. She wished fervently that it belonged to one of the Alts. She stood there for several minutes, begging whatever deity there might be, that it belonged to one of the Alts. But of course, she knew. She knew whose duffel that was, had seen it three thousand times before, when they went on long missions or (more rarely) on vacation. Eventually Steve walked into the hallway.
“Everything,” Kate confirmed. Alt Steve went quiet, still staring at the CNN report. They could hear, faintly, feed from the comms coming in from a smartpad as well, but they had turned down the volume so as only to hear the real emergencies and not be distracted by every single thing in the battle. Occasionally they caught worrying snippets, shouts of “ON YOUR LEFT” and “FORMATION 1020!” and “GET DOWN”. Kate was anxious about it too, but she shoved it aside in favor of interrogating this alternate Steve Rogers.
“It was a precaution. One we regretted not taking once, which happened to be one time too many. Our world nearly got destroyed. Our children were nearly killed. Option number two was putting you in Prison 42 until the tearing healed,” 3490 Steve explained bluntly. Steve didn’t know what that meant but he could see that Phil and Maria had sat up a little straighter.
.” With that, Commander Rogers left the room, likely returning upstairs to where 3490 Tony rested. Steve let out a breath he hadn’t realized he was even holding.
me is another story entirely,” Tony was ranting, she knew, but she wasn’t even close to stopping. Somewhere along the way, her rage had mixed with despair, and her despair with a very raw pain. She was vaguely aware of the hot tears prickling behind her eyes, threatening to spill over onto her cheeks, but she didn’t care. It wouldn’t be the first time Steven Rogers had seen her cry.
“He thinks they tore their way here. Ripped a hole in both of our universes to get here. No confirmation yet,” Bruce said. “He said that would take a while.” Tony gripped the desk hard, until her knuckles turned white.
“SCATTER!” Clint yelled as the arrows were in mid-flight, everything happening in split seconds. Kate felt like time itself had slowed down as she leapt away from where they were currently standing just as the guns started firing.
“I’ve got it,” he assured her. Then he walked out of the kitchen, heading for the stairs to his bedroom, his parents (and the whole room) staring after him.
“So I’m guessing,” Bruce said, walking further into the lab anyway, “you want me to help figure out whether or not this is going to kill you or disappear, and so on and so forth?”
to psychologists and centers and hospitals at her age and God knows not one of them did me a damn bit of good except to make me more resentful. I wanted to give Kate
“Anything else?” Mom asked. The room was silent. She clapped her hands together. “Right. Let’s get started.” She gestured for the other team to leave, with her and Dad taking the rear and closing the door behind them. The two teams waited for a moment, slightly tense, before the scenery appeared around them. They were in a forest setting—there were trees to hide behind or use as leverage for moves.
“Tony?” Steve asked gently. Tony had been sitting in the same spot, not working, not messing with anything, but
“Hey, Tony,” Steve started. Tony’s shoulders tensed—he was waiting for the fight, prepping for it. “Look I just wanted to say—I didn’t want to be—to be weird about what happened. I—I don’t want to let anything personal get in the way of our job again. We were starting to work together pretty well. And I respect your decision. I really do. No hard feelings. I’m sorry I—I maybe brought the personal into our professional lives. And I wanted to apologize for that. I mean I still—I still don’t think you should have charged in—but if it was anyone but you we probably would have argued for a few minutes and been done with it.” Tony was staring at him. Why was Tony staring at him? Steve fidgeted uncomfortably under his scrutiny. “Uh, ok? Are we…are we good?”
“Can’t wait to hear her purr,” Peter commented, touching the handlebars lightly. In truth, he could, and he had. The bike could have been finished
“Listen. I know that’s hobbling your team some. But Steve can’t leave this bunker. He’s what they want, and I’m not of a mind to let them find him. You won’t be able to protect the people of this city if you’re too distracted trying to protect
“What am I ever doing here? Free food,” James said with a teasing smile. He turned back to the Alts again. “I am truly sorry. Welcome to the ‘verse, and all that. How long are you marooned for?”
Good, of course, was the last thing that Steve felt as he looked at Tony. He couldn’t read his expression well, but it looked unbelieving. Did Steve need to do more than that to apologize? He wasn’t sure he was willing to. He’d been right about Tony’s recklessness. He wasn’t about to apologize for their argument overall—just that it had gotten more heated than it should have.
“It’s a great view,” Steve said. They stood in silence for a minute, an oddity for Tony. “Are you nervous?”
“Be that as it may it has no bearing on any of our decisions,” Steve interjected. “Which we need to make now.”
“Oh, honey, don’t I know it,” she said. She drained the last of her coffee mug and rose. “If you’d like a better story, you should ask Steve. I’m sure he’ll put in many romantic embellishments and the story will take him at least four hours to tell—but I prefer short and sweet.” Tony got up to refill her cup, and she could feel Other Steve’s eyes on her back the whole time.
A sharp pain drove Steve back into his body even though his head still swam. He must have cried out because suddenly the Senator was looking at him with a wide-eyed panic he’d only ever seen on his boys as they stood over a doomed compatriot on the field…was he dying? Was this what dying felt like? It was painful.
“Maybe,” Steve agreed. “We’re not sure about that, yet. But I don’t think she’d lie to us about something like that.”
There was a flash of blinding light, and then the alarmed shouts of the young, super-powered children as they hastily retreated. Rising up from the river were giant blue creatures with cold eyes, and as they rose the water turned to ice.
“I think I can shimmy inside,” Kate said. The window was small, not meant for anything human to get in or out of it, but Kate was thin. The biggest danger would be her hips, but she figured she could manage. She yelled into the window. “Peter? Peter are you in there? Can you hear me?”
“Did I hear my name?” Tony asked, breaking her conversation with Other Jane, which had lasted the better part of an hour.
—an old, abandoned gym would be the perfect place for them to begin work on their time machine. The Avengers could easily claim they preferred the privacy of their own space to work out, and it wouldn’t be unusual for them to train every day. They could put the equipment they needed in a gym, and start their work on going home. This whole day might not be the horrible defeat it seemed to be; they could work themselves out of this mess. And maybe Tony
“What do you mean?” she asked. “You said—you said I was grounded for a month—I’m supposed to be done next week!”
. She had been a child prodigy a million times over. She had graduated MIT at 14 the same as Kate’s mother had. Before she came to Avengers Academy, she had been training for the Olympics. She played the cello better than Kate did—as well as the piano, violin, viola, double bass, harp, flute, and probably a half dozen other instruments that Kate was unaware of. She spoke about sixteen languages fluently. She was an expert in anything and everything, and it grated on Kate, but she’d still managed to pull one over on her in their sparring session, using moves Jeanne had never seen her use before and ignoring several of her instincts in order to be unpredictable. Kate couldn’t tell if Jeanne was pissed off or not. Jeanne never seemed to have any emotions at all. But Kate knew that she was, at the least, determined to beat Kate.
“Bye, Mom,” Peter said cheerfully, giving a short wave. 3490 Tony crossed the short distance to him and kissed him on the cheek.
if you have to,” Stark said. He picked the rim back up, examining it before starting to attach it. “So where are you from, Giggles?”
“Kate!” her brother shouted from close by, calling her and Clint and Natasha to the fray as Iron Man disappeared again, presumably to go get his Steve. Kate could see the great hall crumbling from the outside now, and it looked like it was only increasing in speed. “
bedroom, to stay up the rest of the night talking. Maybe even talking to the others—who knew? James was left staring at the wood grain on the table. He should really go to bed too.
“Truce?” Tony asked, holding out a hand. Steve looked at it for a moment then nodded, taking the offered gauntlet.
“You know—no matter what happens with your father and I—you’re still my son too. You got that?” Tony asked him. James felt his throat tighten.
It was the end of day two, and it was obvious that all the kids were getting particularly anxious. Steve wasn’t sure that any of them had gotten much sleep, but he was almost
“I don’t think so,” he said, looking contemplative. “Antonella doesn’t seem the type to me, to be that manipulative.” It was odd, the way he said Antonella, the way his expression looked thoughtful and also
James did a headcount as he cataloged everyone in his brain, making sure they had everyone from the party who was a child of an Avenger. He tried to catch Kate’s eyes as she walked past, hand-in-hand with Lizzy, but Kate’s expression was vacant and her eyes were glossy. She didn’t even see him. The MCU Avengers—plus their various hangers on, except for Nick Fury—were the last to the door. James was almost tempted just to shut it in their faces and leave them behind—this was
, to fight villains, to dodge bullets and god only knew what else, to be holed up in a place with a man wanted by the agents they were fighting, and now the fear was only worse—they weren’t just after the other Steve casually. He was essentially
“I just don’t understand,” 3490 Steve said. He spoke quietly, but not quietly enough. He and Antonella stood just outside Kate’s room, looking in on the unconscious girl through the open door. “I don’t understand how this could have happened.”
“We live in a house where our parents have doubles and one of them is also a guy. We live in a world where this is
“If he doesn’t, then he’s dead either way. Get me Billy,” Bruce said. Azari nodded and took off. Mere instants later, Bill appeared next to him.
could do, their parents with a team so large that full group pictures rarely showed everyone’s faces.
It wasn’t safe to walk to the safehouse just yet. If the bad men showed up, they would see them walking to the train station. First they had to hide. Jane directed them behind some big bushes. They would be able to see out if anyone pulled up to the house, but it was unlikely that anyone would be able to see them. It was a good spot. As long as they could stay quiet.
“Think you have me, Katie-Kate?” she asked, using Clint’s nickname for her, and something inside Kate snapped. Kate’s nose was bleeding—broken, if she had to guess. Her tailbone was too, if she had to guess, and even standing hurt like crazy. Her lower body felt like it was on fire. Kate pressed her knee into Jeanne’s back hard until the other girl slammed the rest of the way to the floor.
“I think I’ll just do some reading in the library—good luck with the shooters,” Tony said, feeling uncomfortable.
—first at St. Catherine’s, then at NYMA, and finally West Point—had been hell bent on joining the army. The day when he was shipped out overseas to defend their country was always inevitable in coming. Steve was, in fact, surprised it hadn’t happened sooner, surprised he hadn’t left immediately after graduation. But that didn’t mean he felt prepared for it.
“I’m sorry,” he said hoarsely, his voice barely above a whisper, and they all knew exactly what that meant. “There’s no—JARVIS detects no signal. The only way there’s no signal from Extremis is if—I’m sorry. She’s gone.” The room was eerily quiet. They had all expected it. It wasn’t news so much as confirmation. Tears had already been shed, and all the sobs had already been torn out of the Rogers children. All that was left was silence.
They were all in the locker rooms, washing off now, largely in weighted silence. It all made Steve’s stomach roil. He felt like he had failed the team as a tactician, as their leader, but how were they even supposed to fight other super-powered people? Aliens? Fine. Steve had gotten used to aliens. A few powered people here and there? Yes, the Avengers had dealt with individuals before. But a highly trained team of super powered people? They hadn’t stood a chance. Even though Steve knew that the team
. She had no idea how having a computer for a brain would affect a baby’s cognitive development, but it didn’t spell good things. She felt panic rising in her chest. She might have to terminate this pregnancy. Now telling Steve was going to be about ten times more difficult. She knew he would support her decision, that wasn’t in question—but the mental stress of a pregnancy and an abortion was no small thing. She threw the trash bag in the garbage can in the garage and then walked back into the house, trying to take deep breaths and avoid an attack.
“Does that ever help?” James asked. He had to wonder. For all that he’d witnessed over the years, he’d never had someone so close to him die before. Did the closure of a funeral ease any of this?
laptop, Tony, I’m not as helpless as you apparently think I am,” Steve said. He put the bread back in a cupboard. He might have slammed the door shut with unnecessary force, but luckily it didn’t break—a super-soldier proof house came in handy. Tony’s brow was creased. He looked like he was
“Well yeah, Steve, you encounter spoilers when you neglect to watch an iconic movie series that premiered
have enjoyed it, in retrospect it was kind of entertaining, throwing Tony Stark off a roof. He’d have to try it more often, whenever Stark got his blood pressure up. After closing the portal, the avengers still had the Kree to deal with—though it was a relief that they could no longer call for immediate back up. Many of them retreated, leaving on the spaceships they’d flown through the portal with. That was fine with Steve, though he eyed the sky warily, hoping they wouldn’t be back anytime soon.
She knew she couldn’t afford not to. This was her junior year of high school, a make-or-break year for colleges. She wanted to get into every Ivy League she could—preferably a school out on the west coast. She wanted a change of scenery. She wanted to get away, but she’d lost all excitement for school. She didn’t know what she wanted to do. She wasn’t particularly passionate about anything except archery, ballet, and cello, and she wasn’t sure she wanted to be a music or dance major—that would turn it into work. Sometimes she thought about skipping university all together, but she always dismissed the idea quickly. She would be an unskilled high school graduate—who would hire her? Maybe she would take a gap year. She rolled onto her side and looked at her brother who was still staring up at the ceiling.
gaze. She looked between him and their father, and then gave him a soft, small smile. “Yeah, you know, we don’t really fully understand your powers yet, or your super healing. Makes sense. I’ll let everybody know you’re sitting this one out.” Peter nodded and stood. He headed over to the counter and he slid into the seat next to his dad. His dad looked up when he sat down and gave him a small smile. Put a hand on his shoulder.
played on the television. Henry Pym grinned at him. Pym was a good kid, still just fourteen, and he seriously hero-worshipped Azari. Pym didn’t have any innate powers or abilities, which was surprisingly common for Avengers kids. The others who didn’t have any were Lyra and Brian Banner, all four Barton kids, and Danielle Cage. Well, actually, considering that Danielle was only two years old that was up for debate. Peter felt odd, having suddenly been kicked out of this smaller group of non-powered Avengers kids.
“There’s nothing wrong with it, Captain High and Mighty,” Stark said heatedly. “And I’m pretty sure I can take care of myself so I think you might have a point—what do I need with a security detail? You don’t do anything but stand outside my door and judge me from a distance and I sure as hell don’t need that. So you can consider yourself dismissed, Agent Rogers.” Stark turned on his heel, storming away, but Steve, frowning now, followed.
Steve was fairly convinced that only God himself could move Fury when Fury did not wish to be moved, so he and Natasha had jumped back in the car and driven down to Camp Lehigh.
Oh, God. More drama. Peter knew those voices—Torrun, and then Kate. He didn’t know what they were talking about, but he had a niggling feeling it might have to do with the chilly atmosphere between Kate and Francis these days. He wondered.
“Growth spurt?” 3490 Steve considered. “Maybe. We’ll wait and see I guess. At least he’s ok. We’ll talk to him in the morning when he’s evened out a bit.” There was silence in the room, then Antonella burst out,
talk about. And now, every conversation they could have felt like they were dancing around land mines. He wanted to get rid of that. He had enough trouble talking with Tony like a normal person without extra awkwardness hanging between them. He wasn’t really sure how to broach this topic. In all honesty, he wasn’t sure even what topic he
, Steve thought with a sigh. For Stark it meant a night of getting drunk and dancing and schmoozing with beautiful A-listers. For Steve it meant an uncomfortable evening shoved into his military dress uniform as he did his best to watch the crowd and keep his charge safe.
“Afterglow’s a good look on you, Commander Capsicle,” Other Tony said. Most of the Other Avengers had joined Steve in the kitchen, which seemed to be a hub of activities these days; the only ones absent were Thor and Jane, who were, he was told, out on a dinner date. He supposed the increased activity in the kitchen was because everyone needed to eat, but also because there was an increase of coffee addicts in his house. He’d needed to buy four times as much coffee as usual, and Steve usually bought a
“I tried half a dozen other things and nothing worked,” Tony said. “You were just as stubborn then as you are now, and reasoning with a stubborn six-year-old is rarely effective. I didn’t know what to do. You were so unhappy, and it was all my fault. I was the one who thought first grade would be a good point to separate the two of you, give you your own space, and it had worked well for Peter but you weren’t adjusting and I thought, wow, six years in and she’s going to be emotionally scarred for life because I screwed this up. I wasn’t sleeping and
Everyone had emptied out of the kitchen long before Kate’s crying jag, except Peter and James. Peter guessed that this was their time to say goodbye to their dad (and who knew—maybe this was
“It’s an idea. Just think it over. You need a break,” Torrun said, her eyes flicking over him again in concern.
“Tony,” he said in a low voice he hoped none of the other Avengers could hear (he wasn’t, really, ready to go
, Dad,” Peter said in exasperation. He just turned around and left the room, hot tears of anger and disappointment building behind his eyes and in his throat.
“James, Kate, take your teams and start pushing these guys back towards the breach over the ice. Down as many as you can but focus on the ones with the guns with the blue on the sides—those are the vaporizers. The other ones just hurt bad. Anybody who flies, get in the air; if you see anyone straying off from the herd of them, pick them off,” Steve ordered in response.
“Is it Steve or is it Steve?” Tony asked, without changing inflection or making any differentiation.
Peter moved faster than he’d ever moved in his life. His left arm was occupied with webbing Thug #3 in the chest and pulling him off balance so that he fell to the floor with a gross
“James. You’ve done well here. I know I can count on you to keep everything together. Keep an eye on your brother and sister, won’t you?” their father asked.
Steve’s world disappeared in the moment that he spotted him. The happy chatter of the room around him was drowned out by this singular realization. James Buchanan Barnes of 3490 was alive and well. He smiled at friends and said hello as they fussed over him and Natasha and suggestively teased them for being late—what had been the cause? He greeted 3490 Steve with a warm hug and a hello. He had a metal arm.
funeral. And that had been the moment, for James, where coming home had felt uncomfortably surreal. They’d finished their debriefing and then his family and the alternate Avengers headed out to Long Island, to the home none of them had seen in months.
“And how long can Banner keep the Hulk from smashing?” Clint demanded. Hulk had been sweeping the soldier back with his massive hands and scaring others into moving. But now he stood still and roared. Natasha knew he was not the Hulk the 3490 children were used to.
,” Tony’s voice broke through Steve’s thoughts just as he smashed an agent’s face in with his shield. Steve saw what Tony was referring to—far deep through the enemy ranks from where Steve was positioned, and it was beeping faster and faster. Steve really didn’t want to find out what happened when that thing blew.
her, not encouraged her. He was an awful big brother. He shut the door behind him and trudged down the stairs. He could see Tony sitting at one of the steel lab tables, fiddling with Dum-E’s circuitry. The little bot’s hand whirred suddenly as sparks went out.
“I can’t take solace in that, Tasha. I don’t even know if I can take solace in that once we have that. I can’t take solace in thinking she’s in a better place, or that she lived a full life or that everything happens for a reason. She’s just gone. And nothing is ever going to make that okay or better,” Steve said. He choked on his last words. He had been, for the past two days, been too flooded with adrenaline and exhaustion in equal turns to really consider Tony being gone. He’d shut that out after his disastrous response during the initial attack on Stark Tower. But now everything came flooding back, in waves and waves of pain and guilt and grief and rage. A tumult beneath a face he was keeping as stoic as he could. The MCU Avengers were in the other room. He couldn’t lose it here.
“We aren’t clear on the circumstances,” Coulson said. “The redacted sections weren’t recoverable. I got the information we have by a lot of rooting through other reports filed around the same time and asking around the Triskelion, eavesdropping—they killed them. All of them.” The words settled as a heavy weight on Steve’s chest.
James has experience with command. And if you’ll recall he led his own team to victory over you in our little games not long ago. James takes command. Steve stays here, with a buddy,” the Commander said firmly. Steve’s jaw was clenched. Natasha knew that he was furious, but the Commander had him. Steve would be outraged for not being able to help—but he would stay behind so as not to be a hindrance or a danger to the team.
an event now. The three Rogers children ate and argued with gusto; Tony noticed that, in the presence of their parents, the fighting was much more contained, and at the first sign of a truly unkind word, 3490 Steve would jump in with a warning and a steely look. He had an iron grip on the kids when they were all together, and it really was no wonder why, considering what Tony, Steve, and Clint had witnessed the previous day. Tony’s female double, for her part, didn’t seem to take much notice of her children’s antics, instead spending most of breakfast glued to a tablet. Occasionally she would, without looking up, pop up with a comment, but never a rebuke.
“It’s ok, ma’am,” Other Steve said. He wore a small smile, but it was one that echoed of sadness, and Tony’s heart ached for the man. He put down his newspaper and rose. “Excuse me, but I’d planned on running—”
“No, we know who has it,” alt Steve spoke quietly, a grimace on his face. “The last time I saw the Red Skull, he held the Tesseract in his bare hands. He—it looked like he disintegrated. I figured the thing killed him like those weapons and I didn’t think twice about it. But it just transported him, didn’t it? It transported him
? This Captain was bisexual? Or at least, flexible? Tony wasn’t going to lie, that was a shocker. Even this Steve had seemed straight as an arrow. He slipped back into bed, still baffled.
“Nobody’s perfect, Tony,” Steve said quietly. “What we’re doing now? Everything with the Avengers, with SHIELD—that’s important. And I think when you’re a little old lady—still probably flying around in that tin can of yours—you’re going to look back with a lot more pride than regret.”
in the exact same spot, a universe away, “I think you’ve made a hell of a lot more of your life than I ever did. So you’ve got that going for you.”
“That tastes like apple pie. How did you put a whole apple pie in a shot glass?” Other Clint asked, bewildered.
“Yeah, great job so far,” Kate said sarcastically, picking her tablet up again and opening a book before it was yanked out of her hands. “Hey!”
. His parents were both superheroes. They dealt with shit weirder than their kid developing spider-based superpowers on a regular basis. It wasn’t like they were going to panic and kick him out, as happened with too many mutants. Still, Peter was jittery, like he’d swallowed fifty butterflies and they were kicking up a storm in his gut.
“Kate here, on the battlefield—what the hell is going on? Do we have a status on Peter?” she demanded, no longer content to just listen. They could discipline her for being out later—all that mattered at the moment was her twin.
There were never many presents under the tree, but Steve was grateful for what his mother managed. He was grateful that it was one of the few days of the year when his parents were guaranteed not to fight, his father was guaranteed not to be drunk, and for one day of the year, they could pretend that everything was perfect. And of course, later, Christmas with Bucky always had been. Where
“What are you doing outside my room?” Peter demanded. Tony shifted uncomfortably. It was true, he was probably crossing a boundary line here.
Kate was busy sorting through various arrows; she sat on the floor, inspecting each one of the array laid out before her, occasionally drawing them close to her eyes for inspection and either putting them in a quiver or tossing them in what was a clear ‘rejects’ pile. Francis was a little ways away from her doing the same thing. Peter imagined that Clint—maybe both Clints—was off doing the exact same thing somewhere else.
“You told him—? Oh. Oh, I see. He—didn’t take it well, I gather?” Steve asked. He felt a bit guilty.
“Yeah, I don’t remember inventing androids, so I’m wondering which of my competitors did,” Senator Stark said, poking Steve in the arm.
New York was eerily deserted. Most people had evacuated, staying with family out of state or out of country, making arrangements with volunteers who were taking in those who had to leave. Some stayed in government facilities outside the city. Steve didn’t want to think about that, didn’t want to think about what conditions they were enduring. He couldn’t do anything about it. He couldn’t do anything about this. He couldn’t do anything about Tony.
“Might it have something to do with the fact that I’m CEO of your billion dollar company while you run a scary government organization and occasionally play super hero while we both try to balance family lives?” Double Pepper asked.
“Sure,” Steve agreed. Tony sighed. He finished his drink and then leaned back more heavily in his chair.
anymore, considering most of the 199999 Avengers had scattered, but she stood there, looking for all the world like she was trying to get a hold of herself. 3490 Steve spoke to her in a calm voice, from a slight distance. Tony could see the worry on his face.
“Oh, just my big brother and his friend,” Kate said, still smiling. “Think we can get something to drink?” It did not go unnoticed to James that Francis’ hands were balled into tight, white-knuckled fists.
franchise, in Tony’s opinion; god only knew why Disney was trying a revival), and they didn’t just drop dead the moment their creepy corpse-like leader went down. Some of them had gotten caught up in the land mine explosions; Tony hoped none of their own people had gotten in the way. He’d shouted a warning down the comm before he’d done it, but the land mines had gone off everywhere, forming a fiery trench between the castle and the rest of the wilderness, which also meant it was largely a fiery trench between their people and Hydra agents.
“Just like a spider,” Peter said. Bruce removed his glasses, cleaned them off with the bottom of his shirt, and put them back on.
“Just don’t tell them how you got the suit,” she said. “Because if you do I’m dead times a septillion and I’m already in hot water.”
Natasha was busy fighting their flank. They were crawling in through the great hall now, and Kate felt a rock settle in her gut. They’d counted on their friends at the front of the castle causing enough of a diversion, but Hydra clearly hadn’t fallen for it.
“Best out of three?” Alt Tony suggested from the back. Peter’s parents looked at each other, then nodded.
that would take?” Tony demanded. “She didn’t have a timeframe for me leaving the tower except ‘hours ago’, and even if she checked with JARVIS, she’d still have to find cameras that could follow me on every street all the way to the hotel. It’s possible. It’s
!” Peter yelled at him. James bit his tongue and took a breath. One or two casualties were inevitable. He was hurting, so that’s what he was doing in turn.
“Kate,” he said intently, looking into her eyes as if he could impart knowledge just by staring, “I want to date you. I want to kiss you. I want to—well, I want to do things with you that would get me thrown in a jail cell. And that’s—that’s the problem, Kate. That is the
“Don’t tell me what to do,” Kate replied, barely keeping her cool. She wanted to scream. She wanted to sob. She wanted to be anywhere but there at that moment, anywhere but sitting beside Francis and it was
“You’re a smart man, Tony, I’m sure you can figure it out. Good pseudo night to you,” he said, and then he walked away. Of course, Tony knew that the lab was still guarded—JARVIS probably had orders to alert the Captain to any attempted break-ins—so Tony headed back to his room, his head reeling.
“Why did we have to meet now?” Natasha asked. She had left the card game swiftly upon receiving Coulson’s text. The text alone was innocuous—
“When she died she knew how much you loved her,” Natasha said. She was at her most gentle, her hand on his shoulder now, reassuring.
“Evening,” his Other self spoke, and Clint felt a chill go down his spine. There was nothing weirder than hearing your own voice come out of someone else’s mouth. It sounded different, but no different than his own voice sounded to him on recordings. It was a jarring experience all the same. “I’m Clint, nice to meet you other-me, Natasha.”
“I don’t recall anyone sticking a hypo in my neck,” Steve said steadily. He was afraid he was about to talk Tony down from a cliff of panic. Tony paced the room quickly, looking deep in thought and deeply disturbed.
Kate had come home just after spending over twenty-four hours at the hospital. She was doing fine, medically speaking. Steve was as gentle with her as he ever was. He’d given her the stern, “I’m disappointed in you, Kate Rogers” talk, but that was it. The pedestal might have been chipped a bit away at, but it wasn’t gone entirely. He still loved her—that had never been a fear of Tony’s—but he was also still
“Yeah, what’s up with that thing anyway?” Tony asked. “I thought point break took the big bad glowy stuff back to Asgard and locked it away?”
“I killed someone,” Peter said hoarsely. “I didn’t mean to. I just wanted him to lose his balance. I webbed him in the back of the head and I pulled too hard and—he died. I killed him. How do I—what do I—“ Peter struggled for words. He didn’t know what he wanted or needed. His head was buzzing and his stomach was still turning. He couldn’t think properly.
“Ok, I don’t like this new Peter, this doesn’t-tell-me-shit-and-is-an-ass Peter. Give me back my brother.
“Yeah yeah yeah,” Johnson grumbled. He started walking towards the wall. He clapped his gloved hands together, and instantly they lit up, glowing, glittering blue patterns swirling across them. He pressed his hands flat to the wall and began to climb, sticking as he went, the rifle slung across his back.
of Bucky. And while it was also most decidedly not a nude, well, the muscled, bare arms and the subject’s expression seemed rather suggestive to Steve, in retrospect.
“There are some scary people who might want to hurt us who might be on their way here, so we have to go
“I’m picking up some very odd readings—I’ve never seen this before,” he said, turning the clear tablet towards her so that the readings appeared. As Tony looked them over, she felt a large twinge of annoyance and a smaller twinge of dread.
“Oh,” Tony said, looking a bit less furious but still grumpy. He took another sip of his drink. “Good. I was about to kill Bruce for violating patient confidentiality.”
“You thought I was just playing with you,” Francis said, and he sounded relieved. “I’d never play with you like that, Kate. I love you.”
“Captain Rogers,” Tony called to Other Steve. He looked up from the dishes, as did most of the Other Avengers. Her own Steve was already gone from the kitchen, grabbing his suit and his shield. “We’ve got to take care of a squid in Tokyo. Please let my children know where we’ve gone. We should be back sometime tomorrow.” Other Steve just nodded. As she left, she heard Other Clint say,
“But not forever,” a third voice spoke up, and a burly, bald man joined them. He handed the younger man a rifle. “And Stark’s tech makes me nervous.”
“Are the armors networked together?” Tony asked frowning. “We could try to take it offline.” Kate just shook her head.
The mansion in this world was exactly the same to the one Tony had left for good in his own world—universe 199999. It was strange to think their world had a number on it—stranger to think that it was so large. The mansion was the same as the one in his universe, yet not exactly the same as the one he remembered. The mansion as he remembered it was cold and empty. The elegant furniture was covered with white sheets and plastic covers, the whole house turned into little more than a storage facility. But this mansion was warm, and the furniture was inviting. Hard couches had been replaced with plush, luxurious leather. A giant beanbag had its own place in the living room, as did a large flat screen TV. An Xbox 360 was out on the floor, controllers tangled up in each other. It was strange to walk through the mansion with the rest of the Avengers—minus Fury, Hill, and Coulson, who had elected to stay behind—but it was even stranger to walk through this reconfiguring of the cold mansion he remembered. 3490 Tony, girl Tony, didn’t stop in the living room, though.
“How do you never miss?” Kate asked him, ten years old again and looking up at the man who was her second father as they practiced in the shooting range at the Avengers Academy. Clint didn’t even look at her. He only had eyes for his arrows. If Kate were sixteen, she would have joked that he fondled those arrows more fondly than a lover. Clint would joke back that she didn’t want to know how he fondled a lover. But Kate was not sixteen, so she said nothing.
—even then, he could do nothing but stare, numbly. It was like his mind wasn’t quite attached to his body.
Tony brought out the little charm from her hand, gently clipping it onto the rest of the bracelet. She turned it so Kate could see. It was a tiny charm of an arc reactor, little sapphires set inside to provide the blue glow. Kate’s pretty blue eyes were wide as she stared at it for a moment. She met Tony’s eyes, looking so confused with emotions even Tony, who knew her daughter better than Kate guessed she did, could not untangle them.
. There they all were, enjoying dinner, and right at the table a sixteen year old kid was in pain probably because he’d
“No,” Tony replied. “It wouldn’t be.” Then Tony grinned. “Why, you have some crazy fetish or something?” Steve just rolled his eyes.
“Peter, son, we love you, spider powers or none. But I just don’t think you quite understand,” Dad tried to explain, looking pained. Peter wrenched away from his Dad’s warm presence.
“Oh, so you do have a sense of humor? Good to know. And no, you’re right, it wouldn’t be Hammer industries. Justin Hammer couldn’t invent his way out of a paper bag,” Senator Stark said. Steve declined comment, but he couldn’t agree more.
!” Peter turned, and the scene looked like it was in slow motion, his brain was processing information so quickly. James jumped to the rafter just behind Peter—but someone below was shooting. Thug #1 had gotten out of his webbing and grabbed a gun, too. It was too late to remember that the formula in Peter’s shooters was
“Extremis, that’s the computer in her head, right? She mentioned it operates like a virus—Jane take the sandwich, look
“Cool, I’ll stick around,” he said. Then he looked at the table with the Alts. He grinned. “Woah, hey, look, it’s
It had started out normal enough. 3490 Tony and Steve had informed them that Thanksgiving—like, apparently, most holidays—was a team
“TIME BREACH ON FIFTH AND BROADWAY! IRON MAN, STAY WITH THE CAPTAIN. EVERYBODY ELSE GRAB YOUR GEAR AND LET’S MOVE, MOVE, MOVE!” James’ shout carried down the hall.
A cluster of students stood in a circle with hardly any gaps, all chanting one phrase over and over again:
than the Steve of his own universe. He cared about them, cared about what happened to them. He hated that they were going through this.
being party to using a 22-year-old kid’s clearly very deep grief about his step-mom against him and dragging him back here,” Tony said firmly. Steve shifted his weight uncomfortably from one foot to the other.
No one was seriously injured, of course, as per the rules of the game, but by the end of it all the Avengers of 199999, or the MCU as 3490 had decided to nickname them, were covered in bruises and scrapes and all over aching from the fight. The second round had gone little better than the first; without the electrokinetic powers of Azari, Tony managed to gain a bit more ground on the field, but Kate took him down with an EMP arrow quickly and efficiently, and then joined him on the ground to finish the job. Kate had turned out to be the ringleader of the second team, this time splitting their resources in ways that matched them up unevenly—Kate was a physical match against Clint, so she took on Tony instead. Billy was thrown at Thor, deceiving him with magic in the same ways that Loki could; Teddy, meant for Steve, was instead given orders to go after Natasha instead; David Alleyne, meant for Natasha, was sent instead to Steve and though he lacked super strength his fighting skills were nothing to scoff at; Tommy ran circles around Hawkeye—literally, to the point where all the oxygen disappeared from the vortex he created and Clint passed out. Cap had managed to take down David, Natasha had managed to injure Billy but not to get in a kill shot, and all the others had been taken out by the young team quite quickly.
“Out we go,” Iron Man spoke as she felt a hard tug around her middle and was lifted unceremoniously into the air. She—and Clint, who was in Iron Man’s other arm, and Natasha, who had hopped on his back, were flown through the broken stained glass (and a small, easily distracted part of Kate mourned for the destruction of what was probably ancient and beautiful art) and then deposited, equally unceremoniously, on the grass a fair distance from the castle… where everyone else was also fighting.
“It’s not really news I’d want to give to anyone,” he said glumly. Steve’s hand returned to his shoulder, warm and reassuring.
“You all must be happy to get home now—did you stay for me? For the funeral? I’m glad we grew on you all. Like mold,” Tony said with a laugh.
Steve reached to the end table and got the glass of water with a straw meant for James. Wordlessly he helped him sit up by moving the bed into position, and held the glass for him while he sipped. He was already looking better, even if he was still pale. He had that familiar glint in his eye.
He wondered as he lay there if this was how his mother had died. If she had somehow survived the initial blast, if she had lain trapped beneath rubble, slowly crushed to death, or deprived of air. Peter wondered if she had waited for rescue, a rescue that never came.
“They’ve told us to stay behind,” Steve said grimly. “But I think in this scenario a little disobedience is necessary. Suit up—we’ve got to help them.” Steve turned to Tony. “How about you Stark? Any way you know of getting your hands on one of those suits?” Tony grimaced.
The other man was different. He was Clint’s age, but he didn’t look quite the same as Clint. Most of the others were exact replicas, but Clint could pick out a few differences even from a distance. He was a touch taller. His hair was longer, and more of a golden-blonde than Clint’s own dish-water color, and his eyes were a brighter shade of blue. Even in his tux, he looked roughed up—his hands were covered in white tape, and there were a few healing cuts on his face. He reached the table, looking amused.
So Peter had done the unexpected after falling into their trap. Instead of running to the roof, as he was sure they expected him to do considering he could jump to safety from there, Peter ran to the ground. He took the stairs downwards. There were fewer guards to stop him, though he was still pursued from above, agents shouting and shooting blue lasers that paralyzed their own agents when they went astray. It dawned on him that what had merely numbed his face temporarily was meant to paralyze his body. They hadn’t calibrated for super spider genes. Peter, even as he ran for his life, thought dryly,
“Don’t fucking touch my brother, Francis,” Kate snarled. “This is between me and him and it isn’t any of your business.”
got to you. Bernie despoiled you first,” Tony pointed out. “You got to make all your mistakes with her.” Steve grinned—it was a feral sort of grin, and quickly, entirely unexpectedly, he flipped them over so that Tony was on her back and Steve looming over her. She squealed and laughed at the move. He kissed her—thoroughly—and when he was done said,
“On it,” 3490 Steve said. He already had his cell phone on hand. Happy was driving around the neighborhood, still looking for Peter. He would go and pick him up at Hollis. Antonella collapsed in an armchair in relief.
When dinner finished up, Tony turned on some music and started to do the dishes with her husband—the maid, they explained, was visiting a sick relative. Still they didn’t seem any worse for wear as people began to trickle out of the room, handing up plates to the sink on their way out; they were having far too much fun dancing to the music as they worked.
still need to cross that hallway, but he figured he’d wait a minute until he was sure they were gone. That was until, of course, their voices got loud enough to overpower the music from his new spot.
He took over your armor remotely! What are you gonna do, spout science at them until they give up?” Carol demanded as they flew.
During the day, Steve spent his time out and about in New York. He liked to go to Central Park and sketch, though sometimes he perused local cafes to do the same thing. He was actually quite glad to be in New York—it was his home, after all, and occasionally he’d go and just walk around Brooklyn. But he’d only done that once thus far. It made him think of Bucky, and he didn’t want to think of Bucky.
They had moved into a new safehouse. Peter and the others had been there for a week while the other Avengers ran around trying to get information on their situation. Thus far, there hadn’t been much intelligence. After that first week, James came in through the door with Dad, Bucky, Tasha, Sam, and Clint, sporting crutches and still grimacing when he took a wrong step, but alive. Peter didn’t even know how to describe his relief that James was going to be ok. They would have the chance to fix things.
“She wouldn’t have to,” Tony said, his voice barely above a whisper. “Her—Extremis, the thing that computerized her brain? She mentioned it was like a virus. If she has tech that goes down to the cellular level… Goddamn, she wouldn’t have to do anything more than
that they hadn’t had yet—the one that Kate assumed would include a lot of apologies and maybe even a dreaded ‘it’s not you it’s me’ speech or eve more horrifyingly a very gentle explanation of how precisely she’d misunderstood him a year ago when they’d decided they were a thing but not a thing, how he’d just been humoring her—if this was what was weighing on Francis and eating at him until he looked like
“I’m just thinking of the mess that’s going to be waiting at home,” Pepper said, sounding more preemptively exhausted than anxious. “Have we all been declared dead? Figuring out how to navigate that with SI is going to be a
wake up. He’s got to. But he wanted me to say, um, the he forgives you. That he did a long time ago. I told him to tell you himself but—well, he’s unconscious. But I—I don’t understand what there is to forgive,” Peter admitted. Steve felt his throat tightening, thickening with emotion. It was his son’s deathbed confession—forgiveness.
“No problem,” Tony said. He walked off, shutting the door behind him. He wasn’t going to force the kid to tell his parents what was going on, after all. It wasn’t his business. But he could at least get him some basic first aid. Tony wandered back into the kitchen, ignoring the antics of his double and the extra Steve who were currently rocking out to ABBA while washing the dishes. At any other time he probably would have just regarded it as sickeningly, disgustingly adorable and probably would have suffered heaps of second hand embarrassment. But at the moment he felt only fury. Here they were, having a great time in the kitchen, while their
This whole multiverse-falling-apart-faster-and-faster thing was really putting a damper on his budding love life.
question is what the hell I do with you people.” The Commander took out a chair and sat down. “Clearly, I can’t trust you to do as you’re asked. But before everything went to hell in a hand basket your team was a valuable asset in the field. You’re slower. You’re less effective. But you’re not bad, and in a full-scale invasion ‘not bad’ is all we need.” Commander Rogers leaned back in his chair. “If you want to join us in the field that badly we’re not letting you skip training. I don’t
” Kate said, furrowing her eyebrows at her brother. She’d seen her twin angry before, but she wasn’t sure she’d ever seen him quite like this. “I’d ask if your girlfriend broke up with you, but. So what happened?”
“Why didn’t—why didn’t you give it to Dad?” James asked, still a bit bewildered. Tony snorted and rolled her eyes.
“Hawthorn is all-girls,” Kate informed him. “It’s a Prep school. Peter goes to Midtown Science—it’s a magnet.”
floor blowing out, the tower coming down, people running and screaming, people dying, hazel eyes—would never let him. He wondered that night if he would ever sleep again.
After a few hours, they’d run just about every relevant test they could think of. They’d tried force tests, to see how much Peter could hold before slipping off a surface—they hadn’t had enough weight for him to hold, but ended up with an estimate of several tons per finger.
. Which means Stark, you need to stop pulling shit, and Rogers, if he pulls shit we at least have to back each other up against 3490.”
Tony spent what was left of the afternoon in her lab, making preparations with the device that would inevitably send the alts home. It had to be tweaked, having sustained a bit of damage in the last few runs. Tony knew that Steve had mentioned something about Other Tony wanting to take a tour of her workshop, but Tony didn’t have the patience for that right now. For the moment, she needed a distraction from her family problems. Because really, what was she going to do about Kate? She couldn’t give her a longer punishment without arousing Steve’s suspicion, but she wasn’t ready to let her out of her sight and knew that she still wouldn’t be a month down the line, either. But she couldn’t keep Kate locked up forever, anyway, even if she could without Steve objecting. But—
I’m trying to eat my fucking breakfast,” Alt Steve snapped. It was the first time, Peter thought, that he’d heard the Alternate version of his Dad swear. This version of his father seemed generally more polite—though that was probably due to the fact that he was closer to the forties than his dad was. “I’ve never heard such blatant disrespect from children to their parents, or their elders, or
stuck), and instead worked in his lab, occasionally talking to himself, or to JARVIS (which, Steve had discovered, was an omnipresent AI), but never to Steve. At least, not until the thirtieth day. Stark put down a shiny rim for the car he was working on—a hot rod that Steve
“Yeah,” Peter said. One of the walls of the gym was a mirror, mainly for Kate’s ballet practice, but it was also useful in sparring, so Peter demonstrated. He crawled up the glass, sticking perfectly. Alt Tony looked fascinated.
He had to do something. That was all James had wanted since they’d come to this God forsaken bunker—he wanted to
“We just have to work through it,” Steve said. He wasn’t happy about it either, and he knew it showed on his face. Thor just nodded.
“Well I’m fresh out of border collies, anyone else have any ideas?” Iron Man responded. It was true, they were doing everything they could already to push the agents back. Well, except…
. Steve Rogers was getting very tired of having alternates in his home. He stroked his wife’s hair, just listening to her gentle breathing. He thought she had fallen asleep by the time she asked, “Steve?”
“Because it’s unofficial,” Kate replied. “But things like you being put in our class? It drives it home. It’s not—some of these guys
“I’m proud of you, James,” he said. “I just don’t want you getting hurt. But you’re in the army. Frankly, I won’t like it if you’re stationed
“Let’s stay optimistic. The Avengers should show up before the three days have passed, and hopefully they’ll sort this whole mess out. If it starts looking like they’re not going to show, we’ll make plans,” James said. Azari gave him a long look, but he nodded. Soon enough, just as James had said, the door appeared. It had an old-school number code lock, which then prompted a retinal scan. James blinked rapidly as it finished and the lock clicked open. He set Lewis down and opened the door. “Everybody in!”
Hey guys, I'm really sorry about the delay/unintended hiatus. I am alive, I am still working on this. We only have 20 or so chapters to go. Updates may be a little sporadic, but we'll be getting there soon. Thank you for your patience.
Peter cleared his throat, announcing his presence. Dad paused and so did Mom, stuck in their fight. Dad was reaching up to grab the remote that Mom held up high and behind her head. They looked at him for a moment, but he couldn’t get his throat to work properly.
the toys at the Triskelion gym. Downtown. You should maybe check it out. Oh, and Tony, Pepper, there is this
“Hmm?” Tony replied, and Steve was pleased she sounded sleepy and relaxed instead of ill and wound up.
“We don’t have time for this!” Tony snapped as the armor overtook her. The faceplate locked over her just as she finished speaking. Her husband hopped onto some handholds on the back of the suit, and before Steve could voice another objection, they were in the air and gone. Steve ran back inside.
“Well?” Kate asked. Steve looked over, startled, before remembering that there had indeed been a question in there.
“I hadn’t really considered that. No,” Peter said, blinking. “But thanks for scaring the crap out of me.”
for the sky. As the ship lifted in the air, Tony headed to the enclosed spiral staircase that led to the command deck. If she wasn’t flying this thing, she would at least be commanding it.
“Goodbye Dad,” he said, and then he walked out of the kitchen without another word. Peter wanted nothing more than to sock him—he didn’t, but only for Dad. His dad turned to him. He looked more drained than Peter had ever seen him. His skin was sallow, there were dark circles under his eyes, and his posture was hunched instead of straight-backed. Peter didn’t even know he could look tired like that.
“Ok, ok, yes, I missed you all too, detach yourselves, please,” Tony finally laughed, ruffling Peter’s hair fondly and patting James on the back at the same time. Both the boys let go, but it took Kate an extra moment. Steve just watched from the pulpit, numb. And her eyes looked up and locked with his. She crossed her arms and smirked, starting forwards. “You know darling, I wouldn’t say no to some big dramatic scene right about now. Sweeping gestures, and all that. Well, at least there are flowers. So many flowers. God, why did I ask for so many flowers? The amount of pollen in this church should be illegal.”
“Yes,” said Maria Hill. All heads turned sharply to her. She put her hands up. “I don’t know who’s behind this. But I knew they weren’t finished with the job. Fury indicated to me that he’d received intelligence from
“Thank you, Maria,” Tony said. Maria nodded curtly and then walked away, presumably to complete more important tasks than fetching people and blood kits. Tony opened up the red box and fished out a needle and a tie. She turned to look at the incompetent set of Alts, none of whom seemed to have settled on what to do with themselves just yet. “All right, who wants to get stabbed in the arm in the name of science?” Tony set her gaze on Steve. “How about you? You’ve never seemed to have any qualms about that, Mister Nearly-Died-For-A-Government-Experiment-In-A-Basement-In-Brooklyn.” Steve’s jaw set and his eyes narrowed. He was obviously gearing up for a fight, and the hostility in his glare puzzled Tony.
“Cap, we’ve got to—” Iron Man started, but the stone was falling now around their ears. Steve threw his shield up over them as the stone rained down. They were about to get buried. At least, that was what Steve thought until he saw the Red Skull pull something blue, and contained within an amulet of some sort, from his pocket.
Steve could remember worrying in that moment. He could remember sudden panic gripping him—had he said too much? He had just told Tony, essentially, that he pictured them growing old together. That wasn’t something someone said lightly, and there was commitment implied there. A lot of commitment. But Tony hardly seemed to notice. She laughed.
“I am far too lazy to say ‘your universe’s Steve’, that’s four extra syllables, no thank you,” she said. “Anyway. Yours might be all apple pie, but mine wasn’t
By now, other Avengers had begun returning from their various stations evacuating civilians and fighting in other areas, likely hearing the commotion. Tony yelped in surprise as one appeared right next to him.
thing about him, though, was the fact that his tattoos weren’t stationary. James had no idea how, but they moved. An eagle on his shoulder flapped its wings, and a snake on his other arm writhed. He smirked at Kate.
“Yes?” he said. “And? Am I supposed to consult you now, before I go out, Dad?” Steve wrinkled his nose and made a bit of a face. He couldn’t help it.
not to. So instead he bloodied his own fists on the punching bag. He was strong enough that usually it wouldn’t come to that, but he couldn’t remember how long he’d been down in the gym area, taking everything out on the punching bag. It was long enough that his knuckles had begun to chafe, to crack and bleed. It was preferable to being on the upper floor of the bunker at the moment, listening to Kate’s muffled crying as she sat in a corner, refusing any and all comfort or human contact. He’d rather bloody his knuckles than see his little brother’s hollow stare.
“Oh, Mom, I have something for you to sign too,” Peter said as Steve crossed the finish line in the game to Clint’s despair. Peter jumped up off the couch and rummaged in his backpack, which leaned against the edge of the TV cabinet. He pulled out a slightly crinkled bit of paper and handed it to his mother. “Field trip permission form. I have to turn it in by tomorrow or they won’t let me go. I was supposed to turn it in last week but I forgot about it.”
. Kate looked all over the room. It was a medieval castle, though it had gone through bouts of restoration. Everything was made of serious dark stone, and there was just the one entrance. The ceilings were high, and arched, supported in part by large wooden structures. The only other point that wasn’t solid walls were three small stained glass windows, set high, high up on the back wall the Skull stood before. There was mounted weaponry all over. She had a feeling if she shot an arrow off at the Skull, it would be vaporized before it even got close. They needed to take out the weapons.
On and on the questions went like that. Her father would simplify or dodge and her mother would joke around the subject. As Kate got older, she recognized it as a defense and didn’t probe further. She didn’t
She nearly jumped when she heard the elevator’s bell. The doors slid open, revealing her husband. He walked into the penthouse, a lopsided, vaguely cynical smile on his face. He had his duffel bag slung over his back and carried a couple of brightly wrapped presents in his hands.
“Morning Mom, Daddy,” Kate said, trying out her best smile. It was unfortunately unconvincing. 3490 Tony knocked back the remaining coffee in her mug, then set it on the table. She stood up, walking towards the door.
and we’re trapped in an underground bunker with about twenty young children and teenagers. Oh, and we’re still trapped in an alternate universe, there’s that too.”
Steve didn’t know how it had come to this. In less than two weeks, he had nearly lost his daughter, he had lost his wife, and now he sat by the hospital bed of his oldest son, listening to the rhythmic beeping of his heart monitor and watching the
“Well? After you, Captain,” Tony said with a raised eyebrow. Steve smiled at him but chuckled. He held out a hand instead.
“Dad!” James exclaimed in surprise. Steve chuckled, a bit pleased that he’d shocked him out of his ‘yes sir’ ‘no sir’ answers.
“I think it’s time you stop shouldering any blame for our relationship, James,” Dad said, putting a hand on his son’s shoulder. Peter had never been so curious in his life. “I think it’s time your brother and sister knew. If you want me to send away the others, that’s your call.”
Steve argued, but he never shut her down so quickly, or so firmly, or without explanation. Not for something as tiny as a blood sample.
“Oh, sweet cheeks, you’ll have to do better than that. What, can’t think of any better insults than ‘fuck face’ in that big brain of yours?” James goaded, tousling Peter’s hair in a completely non-affectionate manner. Peter slapped his hand away.
When the building came into sight, Kate took in a sharp breath. Like Stark Tower at Christmas, the building was rubble.
wouldn’t want to be celebrating. So she did what she knew I would prefer, what the kids would prefer. Something more traditional. A full Catholic mass—I couldn’t get her to sit through a whole one alive, I can only imagine if she’s out there watching somewhere she tuned out the first half.
“So should I?” Tony gestured to the door. Steve just stared blankly at a wall next to Tony. “Uh—right. Ok. I’m—I’m sorry for your loss. Losses? I—sorry.” Tony snuck out of the room quickly and closed the door behind him. He heard a muffled cry behind him and stiffened, but he kept walking down the hall, guilt clawing at his insides. He’d had a right to know. And he clearly didn’t want Tony sticking around. So Tony was going to do the only thing Tony
For an hour they were silent, watching the battle play out on the news channels with cameramen and helicopter pilots crazy enough to cover it. About halfway through, Steve dug his fingernails into his palms so hard they were at risk of bleeding. Tony commented,
of her. He was proud of who she was, even if she was going through a rough patch. Tony really should have seen that—after all, he’d always put up with
“What use would I be as a super soldier if I wasn’t, Kate?” James asked softly. Kate felt a fury rising up and building inside her.
, Thor,” Natasha said, although everyone there knew full well that Thor knew this, had known this for decades now, and would never change. “Can we get to the part where you tell us why we’re missing a stone?”
Oh, God—what had he put his children in the middle of? Steve got up from the chair quickly, Natasha following again.
And here we are, to the most recently written pieces. I tried to finish this last year in 2020. I picked it up in the summer, wrote a few paltry paragraphs, and put it down again. But I'd promised a friend I was going to finish. I'd promised, and I wasn't going to let them down. It took me the better part of a year of procrastination, and then almost no time at all when the words started flowing again.
“I, being older than your mental age of two, refuse to participate further in this ‘conversation’,” Peter said, concentrating on his cereal—which happened to be Cinnamon Toast Crunch this morning because James stole the last of the Cocoa Puffs in his first offense of the day.
designs to keep him airborne, to walk willingly into a machine that could easily hold him captive if it chose. He started forward anyway—they had to gain 3490’s trust
“Sure thing, sweet cheeks,” Tony said as she brought up the known data. She didn’t think this was any universe they already had a sample from, though. “
Hey guys, I'm so sorry for the delays on the chapters and for missing last Friday's update. I'm working on getting everything sorted out so that shouldn't happen again. Thanks for your patience!
I'm also very inspired at present to write the prequel to this story, which would just be 3490 Tony and Steve's story. Again, no guarantees, and I have one more fic on this account I really ought to finish first, but if you still have interest, keep an eye out.
They weren’t a very cohesive unit. Her double was arguing with Fury. Alternate Steve was arguing with both of them. Natasha looked like she wanted to kill everyone on the team because the testosterone was getting to be too much, and Bruce was taking deep breaths and ignoring everyone which was a terrible sign. She wondered, briefly, if Banner had the Hulk under control or if he would be an even bigger threat than she had initially anticipated.
be—but Peter turned around in his pew to the astonished gasping and murmuring of the crowd to see his mother grinning at the back of the church.
“You told me not to get too close. My double spotted me—damn bastard. You need to send Natasha on these ops,” Barton said, sounding agitated.
Peter was annoyed. It seemed to be his default state whenever his big brother came for a visit. Thankfully, his visits were always brief, but James had decided to stay the whole weekend, and even over on Sunday night. He was still there on Monday morning. Unfortunately, Peter always ended up with a good reason for that default annoyance that had begun with none. The ball game had been bad enough, but that Monday morning after his brother’s arrival, Peter’s annoyance was, indeed justified.
,” Fury snapped. “But hell did I see something there they didn’t want me to. Happened to be a very red, very skull-like thing that they didn’t want me to know about.” Steve felt like Fury had doused him in ice water.
“Good—Widow will be two seconds behind me,” Peter said, leaping out of the way of another onslaught from the super spy.
“Seriously?” he asked. “That was your criteria? Guy stops making death machines, clearly he’s not senator material?”
Peter was still wincing through dinner. That was not the face of someone whose parents had handled his medical care, that was the face of a kid still hiding an injury. And it made Tony angry. It made Tony
since middle school and probably before. But no matter his reason, James felt tense for his little brother—he knew what was coming. He’d been on the receiving end of it before.
“Anywhere from five seconds to five weeks to five years to five thousand,” Dr. Richards said with a shrug. “It’s unstable. I don’t have data for anything like this. I can only work in the theoretical.”
reach the heavens. And Peter—well, Peter’s a dork, but he’s perfect to them, you know? He hasn’t got powers so there’s no expectation for him to do something good with them. Well, he
one for a long time. Touchable holographs—they’re just thin air until they come into contact with…well, it doesn’t matter how it works, point is, this is as close to a magic shield as you’re ever going to get. Unless you talk to Thor in which case I’ll be highly insulted,” Tony said. James just blinked, still uncomprehending. “It’s an energy shield. It can also expand, see?” Tony moved her finger on the smooth blue surface, and the shield grew in size. “Or contract. And if you press this here—“ Tony pressed some invisible button that James could not see, “—then you can actually pick it up and toss it. It won’t stay ‘live’ for long though—it’ll disappear after about two minutes, tops, without the control panel. This is not
“The first are from the wedding we did for the press—Iron Man and Captain America getting married, it was a big deal. So we did a public wedding in costume, and all our friends came, also in costume. But we did a private one, too, white dress and all, though I can’t say the symbolism really applied with that one,” Tony said as Other Steve flipped through the pictures. He paused for a long while on one in particular—it had been taken after the wedding, but still at the church. Steve was holding Peter on his hip, and she mirrored him with Kate. They were all laughing. Tony couldn’t quite remember why; Peter had said something unintentionally hysterical, she knew, but the knowledge had slipped from her mind with the years. Steve would know, she thought. Steve would remember what Peter had said. Steve remembered every detail of that day. Eventually young Steve handed the tablet back.
“They’re beautiful, aren’t they?” 3490 Tony continued as if he hadn’t spoken. She reached out and touched a single white petal, but did not pluck a flower from the plant. “They’re Camellias. This one is Camellia Sasanqua. It’s nicknamed the Yuletide Camellia since it blooms so early. Still, this is early even for it. Did you know you can use the leaves to make tea? Bruce does, sometimes.”
.” James spat the last in disgust. He barely had any hold on his brother now. Peter stood there on his own, spellbound by his brother’s rage.
“Ngh—I’m—protectmyfriends, protectmyfriends, protectmyfriends—ok for now just—protectmyfriends—can’t hold forever,” Billy struggled with his words and magic over the comm.
that I mentioned. Civil War soldiers, visitors from other planets, other universes…whole buildings popping up where they shouldn’t be…it’s what everyone’s dealing with outside. They’re often confused and hostile. That’s what we’ll need people on the ground for.”
Her father’s gaze had softened even further, if that were possible, and he’d taken her hand and tugged her closer.
.” While the 3490 team leaders bickered and bantered, MCU left the conference room. Tony was fuming. Steve was fuming. The others didn’t seem happy either.
“Just what I said. He’s spending a few days at the Triskelion,” 3490 Tony replied, picking up her fork and twirling some spaghetti onto it. James, Kate and Peter exchanged glances.
“Have to say I know the feeling,” he said. They shared a knowing glance. It was strange to have someone to commiserate with on the subject. Tony had felt that way about Pepper. And then he
“I have to admit I’m curious,” Other Tony said. ‘Curious’ was probably an understatement, given with how much desire he looked at her. It was a
Peter realized belatedly, holding onto the beam with glowing hands before pulling himself right back up and jumping to the next rafter over, in retreat. Peter started after him, James matching his jumps from beam to beam. Thug #3 must have realized they were going to catch him; he pulled out a smaller firearm from a holster on his hip, turned and started shooting. He was a good shot, and James was having trouble avoiding the bullets. He nearly slipped off a beam, off balance.
“LEFT!” Natasha yelled. Instinctively, Kate ducked and dodged to the left. It was fortunate that she’d had years of reacting to sudden, vague, yelled orders, as blue light streamed through where she’d just been. Kate whirled around—there weren’t anymore mounted guns, so where…?
“Did you take the eye drops I told you to?” she asked in an undertone. It was almost too quiet for the other Avengers to hear.
“Actually—” he said, and Steve turned his gaze to him. “I have something to say. Tony and Peter should hear this too. Kate already knows.”
received a special invite had arrived in the room, eager to watch. Well, Peter thought they must be eager to watch, but many of them watched the second team with bored or even annoyed expressions. Peter had no idea why—but he was sure he would find out. This was, after all, to be his first day at Avengers Academy, moved up a few days—and so far, it was off to a great start.
Still, she couldn’t tell the truth. If she told the truth, Steve would be forced to see Kate for the young woman she’d grown into—a wild thrill junkie with little concern for herself or those around her. He would never see her in the same light, would never put her on the same pedestal. Tony knew what it was to fall in your father’s eyes, and she wouldn’t put Kate through that. She couldn’t. Nor could she stand to see Steve’s heartbreak when Tony finally pulled the last bits of wool from his eyes, destroying the angel image of their daughter for him forever. So she held her tongue and hoped that it would all work itself out and not blow up in her face as it was more likely to do.
“Not really,” Steve said, sparing the man. What could he say about it, anyway? What was there to talk about? Bucky was his best friend. Bucky was his lover, his partner. Bucky was always laughing, always cracking jokes. Even out on the front, Bucky just laughed. Bucky was under his command. Bucky was dead.
“I’ve got him, I’ve got him!” Peter yelled to his brother as James hit the deck to avoid another shot. He shot out web to grab the gun—Thug #3 avoided it, but he had to move the gun to do it, so Peter kept sending distractions as he ran to catch up with the guy. The guy started running again, occasionally throwing off a shot behind him. They were almost to the edge of the warehouse, the last rafters. Thug #3 was hitting the point where he would have to jump down, jump out the window, or turn and fight again. Peter
“Oh Steve,” she sighed, and it was part relieved and part fond and part exasperated. He could hear all the colors in it. “You know I’ll always come back
“Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes. Rhodey. I guess I haven’t seen him for a while, he’s been overseas,” Tony said.
“So if we don’t have the technical basis down, what’s that over there? What have you started building?” Steve asked, indicating the bunch of metal scraps and circuits and wires in the corner, some of which had been cobbled into the semi-recognizable shape of an archway.
to say is that if he’d followed orders and stayed in the sky, taking the high ground, we could have picked those doombots off as they tried to rise up in the sky and our two guys never would have gotten overwhelmed in the first place,” Steve said. Oh, yeah. He was pissed. “But Tony doesn’t ever follow orders.”
what this is about,” Tony said. She sighed and closed her eyes. “I won’t lie. I don’t like that Peter went to them first, either. I’m not sure I want to know about all the other little things they’re privy to that we aren’t. But protocol 42 is too harsh right now.” She reopened her eyes and traced along Steve’s jaw with a single, delicate finger. “Would
For a while, they sat in silence, Kate sipping her coffee and Clint chugging his. He got another cup, sat down again, but this time he didn’t guzzle it down. He looked at her for a long moment. Kate shot back a raised eyebrow at him. Clint made a sign that Kate well recognized, but rarely saw from him:
, but that doesn’t change the facts, does it? It wouldn’t have mattered who was leading—there was no way out of that one. We’re outnumbered. We’re exhausted. We’re going to get picked off like flies the minute we start making mistakes—maybe even before then. We need
“Oh, I don’t think this is an aggression issue,” Antonella disagreed. “I think this is a…team cohesiveness issue. I think you all could use some good old fashioned team bonding. You know, we all could, if our teams are going to be working more closely together.”
“I’m just saying you should really stuff your face today,” she said with an answering smile, but it faded quickly. So did James’.
It didn’t take long for Steve to find Tony even in the crowded hotel bar. His jacket was slung across the back of his chair, his elbows resting on the bar as he apparently contemplated the amber contents of the crystal glass he turned about in his hand. He kicked back the rest of it and then put the glass back on the bar. He gestured for the bar tender to come over and refill it. While Tony waited for his new drink, Steve slid into the empty seat beside him. It took Tony a moment to notice him, but when he did an eyebrow and half of his mouth quirked upwards at the same time.
“Thank you Francis, we’ll be there in a minute,” his dad answered. Francis popped back out. Peter was grateful for the time to regain his composure. His chest still ached—had ached all day, had distracted him all through school—but it was bearable now. Dad still looked at him carefully. Peter projected the best image he possibly could of nonchalance.
“You might forget I’m not a mind reader,” he said, “but think, for a moment, how, out of context, that might have sounded.” It took Tony a moment, but after a second, it finally dawned on him and he grinned.
against each other, actual guns-and-powers-involved war, with two superhero factions fighting it out…what I realized was that I was more upset personally by the fact that Steve and I were going to divorce than that we were about to start a war.
“I did,” Thor said in his voice that boomed no matter at what volume he spoke. “The tesseract is still on Asgard.”
“No,” Tony said, feeling sick in a way that she knew had nothing to physically do with the pregnancy. “Just, uh, distracted. Checking e-mails.” She gave him an insincere but charming smile. “Much more interesting than boring, everyday tasks.” His funny look didn’t cease, but he kept walking anyway. Tony forced her legs forward. She wondered if there were any tests she would be able to perform to figure out if the baby was going to be born with her Extremis enhancements or not. She hoped to
It had been a good long while since Kate had seen James in the mansion. In fact, the last time she could remember him being there was May, when he graduated from West Point. They’d held a reception for him in the ballroom. But since then, James hadn’t been around, busy with his work in the army as he was. Of course, Kate was fairly certain that was just an excuse. He could have stopped by if he had wanted. So, she felt equal parts resentment and relief at her brother’s presence in their home once more. James looked around. “Where’s Peter?”
“I guess that’s a no,” Alt Tony said. Peter did a flip down from the ceiling. “Ok, you were definitely not that athletic
trying to deal with me dying—it just wasn’t pleasant. But I came out of it…different. Not in my personality, but Steve wasn’t always so chill about the Extremis thing. And then we had an awful day where half a neighborhood and a whole elementary school full of children got wiped off the map because some idiot kids were playing superhero on a reality show… We passed the registration act, but not before a full blown shitstorm between Steve and I. He felt it violated civil liberties,
James finally released his brother, though his hold on him had been weak anyway. He was breathing heavily. He finally felt that his cheeks were damp. He could finally see his brother’s frightened expression. But James had nothing left to give. He started laughing. It was utterly inappropriate, but he couldn’t stop it.
“I’m pretty sure I stick to anything,” Peter said. “I could stick to the walls of the shower even when they were wet.” Alt Tony abruptly grabbed Peter’s wrist, examining his hand.
conveniently in a bedroom…” Francis huffed a laugh and pushed her shoulders back, putting at least a foot of distance between them.
“Well…can you tell me what it is? Or would that be…breaking her trust, somehow?” Steve asked. Tony didn’t know. This was all so confusing. When someone died, did they deserve to have their secrets die with them? Would she have even cared if MCU’s Steve knew? Tony didn’t think so. He probably wouldn’t, in her position, but they
“He didn’t answer my text,” Antonella said to the Commander as they rose from the table, though Tony didn’t see a cell phone anywhere in sight. “I’m just going to see if I can get a ping on him, ok?”
. He deflected bullets and yanked villains off buildings with the strange substance, which shot from his wrist. James had to admit he was a bit awed by the ease with which he did it. The string looked like
Of course, Tony should have known that he would speak too soon. Just a few minutes later all of the doombots that were still on the ground began to rise, flying up over the Avengers and attacking from above.
“No, of course not,” Steve said, but he continued to look at the plans with concentration on his face. “Just trying to figure out how in the hell you follow any of this.”
“I was informed twenty minutes ago that we would be relocating to New York City,” she said. “Did you know about this?”
was just temporary. What if she lost control again. Steve put his hand over hers and squeezed gently.
Peter blinked in surprise and realized there were, indeed, booklets and pens stashed in the holders on the backs of the pew that held the hymnals. He didn’t reach for one. A favorite memory of his mother? How could he pick just one? How could he stash a lifetime of loving family memories into a booklet in the back of a pew? Kate stoically handed him a tissue, and Peter realized with some surprise that his cheeks were wet.
? Tony asked herself. It was what she had asked herself the day Kate had returned from the hospital. Tony had wanted love. She had wanted recognition. She had wanted her father to be the kind of father to sit down and
“I don’t know,” Natasha replied. Her gaze was locked on his. “But what I do know is what happened to 525. We have to go.”
Peter wasn’t actually sure of the details of the plan. Were they going with old school assault on the castle? Secret tunnels? Creep through the sewer system? (Did ancient castles have sewer systems? Peter would google it later.) Full on siege warfare until they capitulated? It could be anything; the plan seemed to be need-to-know and he had not been designated as someone who needed-to-know.
. Antonella had children and a family who loved her. Antonella had done incredible things with her life. Antonella was sober. She was
She would have to soon, after all. She was only about five weeks along, but eventually she was going to have to stop taking missions. Actually, he would probably insist she stop taking missions immediately; he’d done the same the last time. Of course, he couldn’t order her to stay out of things—she was director of SHIELD after all, and beyond that her own person—but she hated fighting with him about things like that. It left her exhausted and angry and lonely and guilty and just about every bad feeling she could think of.
to come back. Thing is—tomorrow’s Christmas Eve. And I don’t think he’s coming back.” Tony didn’t know what to say to that, so he said nothing at all. Antonella laughed, but it was humorous. “You know, funny thing—our first kiss was at Christmas. Well, our first
“Short version? The lifers think the commuters get special treatment, and they’ve all got sticks up their asses about it,” Francis said.
Kate looked down at the page in her hands, the white, thick stock paper imprinted with the crest of Hawthorn Academy.
“It’s a perfectly legitimate question,” Steve said. “Which you still haven’t answered.” James rolled his eyes.
“It was a terrible thing that they did to you,” Thor replied for the MCU team. He had been reassigned to the team after the incident at the bunker, though Jane—along with Pepper and Phil—was still at another location. “They violated every sacred law of guests and hospitality. But I think we would all appreciate the chance to be judged upon our own natures.”
are you doing?” Cap demanded through the comm. What Tony was currently doing was, bluntly, disobeying direct orders. As Tony did rather frequently. To be totally fair, he had a perfectly legitimate reason for disobeying orders, but he didn’t exactly have time to stop and explain the details to the good, science-deficient Captain.
This is a plot line that I have endlessly debated the inclusion of. I had debated it when I first began the story, threw it out, and then had a friend (who knows the full scope of this story) suggest this very thing without any previous knowledge of it having been a thought in the first place. I put it back in, because I do think it fits well with this story, but with reservations; I did not want to turn female Tony magically into a 'baby machine' as chartyourowncourse so aptly summed up my concerns. 3490 Tony will address some of those reservations of mine directly in the story at a later date, but I felt it important to acknowledge this potential issue in the notes on this chapter as well. Please feel free to add your own commentary; I would love to hear everyone's opinions about this and, of course, the rest of the story.
Steve had been practicing with them too, though he had a bit of a sullen look on his face. Tony’s stomach twisted whenever he thought about it—he wasn’t sure if that sullen look was because Steve knew he wasn’t going to be
” Peter said the last bit so quickly it was barely comprehensible. He reached out and snatched at something in the air, then held it between his thumb and index finger. Even from a distance, Tony could see a tiny little wing flapping.
them to say something; 3490 Steve looked grateful for her devious intervention). 3490 Tony made a note to J.A.R.V.I.S. to buy double of all breakfast items for the foreseeable future to avoid disasters. Tony personally, and his counterpart 3490 Tony, was content with just drinking coffee for breakfast. 3490 Tony, however, had 3490 Steve putting a plate in front of her and stubbornly adding eggs and an English muffin to it. Pepper, on the other hand, had long since given up trying to introduce Tony to healthy eating habits and left him with his coffee in peace.
.” All of the anger Tony had felt over the past few days came flooding back to her, filling her veins with hot passion. Steve opened his mouth. “NO! No, I’m not done! You don’t get to talk, I listened to plenty already! That was a low blow and I won’t
“Not really,” Steve answered. “I think…I think growing old could be nice, if you’ve got the right people to grow old with.” Tony was silent on that matter. He turned his gaze back to her, and her eyes were intense.
what Extremis really does, do you? Look, I don’t have time to give you the low-down—just know that if you piss her off, get on the ground and give JARVIS emergency override code Oscar Uniform Tango 6-3-8. Clear? You’ll have thirty seconds to exit the suit, and I suggest you take cover,” Kate said. Tony couldn’t help but regard her with a slightly amused expression, but Kate only looked more determined, and her hand gripped his wrist painfully hard. “I’m
, man—” the guy started, but Francis came at him. He punched him in his gut. This time though, Tudo was ready for him and punched Francis in the face, splitting his lip. James came at the bartender from the side, shoving him into a wall. Tudo reached over for a vase and smashed James over the head with it. It probably would have knocked a normal guy unconscious, but James just felt the sting of a broken shard cutting him on the forehead.
“Little helpful, Rogers,” Fury admitted. “But one thing you need to know—the Red Skull, just like your new friends, isn’t exactly from around here. He’s tasted the multiverse, and he’s tasted crazy, and he’s only after two things—a new universe order, made in his image, and the death of Captain America.
Tony tried desperately to get out of her armor. There was no automatic, emergency release. She had to release catches on each piece individually. Was her ARC still working? She didn’t know. She hoped so, or she might stop breathing here soon.
Tony had decided to take up the issue of Kate’s slipping grades, so it was left to Steve to figure out what Peter was up to. Peter’s grades were impeccable—in everything except for history, which was a solid C+. Steve found Peter playing Other Clint on the Xbox in the living room, with Other Tony sitting in an armchair and working on a tablet and Other Steve watching the game intently. Other Clint was wooping and howling and Peter occasionally shouted an obscenity, which made Steve frown in disapproval. It struck him, sometimes, how different Clint was from the other universe. He took up games more readily, gambled harder, and overall was just a
“Ten fingers, otherwise known as ‘Never-have-I-ever’,” Tony replied cheerily. There was a groan from their own Clint.
you were just running from the Latveria incident, too,” Steve snapped. “And now Tony is—Tony is dead. And SHIELD is a mess and you’re hiding out in
Dr. Foster was incredibly helpful on that front. She had dozens of ideas, but they lacked certain details. Still, Tony figured they were lucky she’d landed in this universe with them in the first place—she had a much better breadth and depth of knowledge on the subject of space travel than Tony did. Still, they didn’t have
“Well the subway explains part of it—can’t get a signal underground. He must have…he must have turned it off. That is so
“Didn’t want to go to private school—tried that once, really hated it—didn’t want to go to nimma,” Peter said by way of explanation.
“All right I get the picture smart ass: ‘screw off’. BUT. Look, I’m not going to tell your parents. I’m not your—we’re not
“Maybe,” James agreed reluctantly. They sat in silence for a few minutes, James chewing his sandwich and hopefully mulling over Torrun’s words while Torrun just enjoyed his company.
, Peter,” he heard his Dad say. James, despite the fact that he knew he should just keep walking away, towards the lab, gravitated toward the sound. It was a tone he recognized all too well—one that he had never heard his father use with
it,” Peter said, clearly still angry. Kate rolled her eyes and propped herself up on one elbow to peer down at her twin.
“I offered to fly him, he said she’d be coming to New York in January to see him off,” Antonella explained. “So, heads up on that. Maybe we should be out of the city—you know, Maui is
“We’re calling a meeting!” Kate replied as she revved the engine. “Avengers Academy is back in session.”
of the team trusted them fully—nor should they. But they weren’t a major threat—at least, Steve didn’t see them that way. They were helping. They were trying to help. And if they weren’t, for some reason? Then Steve didn’t understand their end game, keeping them cozily in their family’s mansion on vacation. There was a remote chance that 3490 had orchestrated the entire thing. It was something Steve had considered, though he didn’t think it likely. It was possible that they were plotting mutliverse takeover—or just takeover of 199999 for some reason—and wanted them pliant and out of the way, but for the life of him Steve couldn’t think of a motivation for that.
“You will when you go there,” MCU Fury clarified. “The thing that’s out of place—that’s what you want.”
“Kate…” Peter tried to put a hand on her shoulder too, to reign in the confrontation. She knew what he had to say.
“Can’t get into Mom’s lab without her,” Peter said with a displeased twist of his mouth. Alt Tony smiled slowly, mischievously.
It took a while for the Avengers to get organized to leave. By the time everyone was ready, it was ten in the morning already, and 3490 Tony was practically shoving them out the door. 3490 Steve still seemed oblivious to his wife’s intentions, which Tony found hilarious. As the Avengers were all headed in the same direction, they all took a stretch limo into town. As a stretch limo was not a car parked at the Stark Rogers household on a daily basis, Tony deduced that his doppelganger had put quite a lot of thought into planning the day. Since they were all taking the same ride into town (driven, of course, by Happy, Pepper’s husband, who looked
“What, and we’re just supposed to build this alone? Do you have any idea the amount of work that would go into that kind of project? It could take
Kate bit her tongue to keep from laughing, but she could see Francis grinning at her from the corner of her eye. It seemed they weren’t the only ones getting impatient, though, as Kate saw their Natasha shift where she stood, crossing her arms.
“I did you a favor, not telling your father what you were really up to. How do you think he’d react if I told him right now? You think a couple of months of being grounded is the worst thing ever? I’m pretty sure he’d change your mind quickly on that subject,” she said.
“I know,” Steve said. His expression was pained. “We all—we all liked Antonella. I’m still—I’m still hoping maybe she’s alive. We haven’t heard word from the 3490 Avengers yet—it’s possible. It’s
yacht on fire. Probably with explosives since an arrow wouldn’t likely do the job. Wouldn’t be flashy enough either—maybe set the explosives off
Steve was pissed. Steve was pissed at 199999 for disobeying their orders and coming out to fight anyway. They could have caused an absolute mess—he was
“This one is for a light in the darkness, Katie. This one is for your mother always being with you, you got that?
have a back-up system in case you slip or fall, you understand me?” she asked, fixing him with a hard stare.
The kitchens weren’t on the ninety-third floor, but rather on the ninety-second. They slipped down the private staircase, tucked away in a corner of the penthouse, and emerged into the kitchen. If Kate had wanted somewhere they could speak in private, she didn’t get it. All of the Avengers and company from 199999 occupied the kitchen. Someone had brought or found a pack of cards, and they sat at the kitchen table playing—well, Peter thought it was poker until MCU (yeah, Peter had to admit that James’ little nickname had stuck) Clint shouted,
“Oh. Huh. Never really noticed that before,” she said. “That’s why you came down to the garden, then? To sketch?” Steve nodded.
“I would like to know that as well,” Natasha said. “That could be a dangerous strategy, allowing them to see our skills, the way we work together.”
Everyone seemed very busy. Organized chaos. Peter felt like he wasn’t busy enough—but he didn’t really have much in the way of equipment, and he was already packed. He was still amazed that, even after having been laid up in a hospital bed just a couple of days ago with a broken leg, he was doing just fine now. He’d already healed and felt back to normal.
If they both ended up falling asleep together in Kate’s bed, tangled together like they were toddlers again, neither of them mentioned it the following morning.
“This could be our last night,” Natasha observed. Steve hadn’t even noticed that she’d been standing beside him, but Steve thought that had more to do with Natasha’s skill set than his own negligence. Probably.
muchhe could lift, but it would have to wait for another day. Peter’s reflexive abilities were off the charts, and his perception had changed to the point that he could dodge paintball bullets male Tony shot at him at Peter’s own request. Peter wanted to try something faster, but none of them were sure how to achieve that without actually shooting something potentially deadly at him, so the idea dropped. Peter’s tendons and connective tissues were over twice as flexible as a normal human.
“Yes,” Steve agreed solemnly, “but I’d still want to know. I can bet so would he.” Tony looked away.
“How do we have scrambled eggs?” Peter asked, poking at the rubbery substance on his plate and making a face. Kate had to wonder the same thing.
me. I was keeping my distance. I ended up too far away to read their lips. If I’d gotten in any closer they would have known what I was doing. They’re
“I can’t tell you it wasn’t your fault. I can’t tell you that it’s ok because it was an accident, or that there weren’t better alternatives. But I can tell you this, Peter—if you didn’t stop him, more innocent people would have died. You took a life, but you saved others. Let that ease your mind tonight,” MCU Steve said gently. “If you can, I think you should get cleaned up. Then get some rest.”
“Uh, yeah, fine,” Peter said. Man. First bruised ribs now a spider bite. It was a great week, really. “Thanks.” She smiled again.
would be the moment, you know? If not the pregnancy, than the abortion. But he was still there, holding my hand and trying to soothe me and keep my mind off the procedure. And then he told me that he would always be there for me.
“Just once,” Clint spoke from beside her, “can’t fluffy bunnies come through the tear and hop around the city spreading joy wherever they go?”
Technically this is October 22, 2016 and no baseball games should be running past September but let's all just pretend.
“Tony made a barrel of that blue concoction. It was the nineties,” he said by way of explanation. Tony refilled both their glasses.
“Yeah, I found him,” Clint said as they walked through the park. “It’s me again. I don’t know where he went just now but a second ago he was buying a hot dog from that stand over there.”
“Doesn’t a woman with wi-fi in her brain seem a little far fetched?” Tony asked. “If she can turn her mind into a PC there’s no telling what she can do to ours.”
They’d spent the day at the hospital with Kate, but they hadn’t had much interaction with each other. She’d tried her best to engage him, but all she received were tight-lipped responses. She got the message clearly.
“I think I just won something better,” Tony replied. Steve smiled, and Tony pulled him down into another kiss.
your orders, Matthews,” the bald guy said, rage bubbling up in his voice. Guy had a quick temper, that was for sure. Maybe James could use that somehow. “I don’t
“Yeah,” Kate said, looking at him seriously. “Yeah. Don’t fall in love with her.” Steve felt ice settle in his veins. He stared at her openly.
Stark went on about how he was so glad everyone could turn up for the night, making jokes about particular people in the audience, about himself, about all of them collectively…Steve wasn’t really paying much attention. He was watching the crowd, mostly looking for Natasha. Several times he thought he had found her, but it turned out to be another red head, who was moving through the crowd. Finally he spotted Natasha near the back. She was talking to a reporter Steve knew well from her dogged attempts to rattle the Senator (who was completely unshakeable). Steve hated reporters. Realistically, he knew they were just people doing their jobs, so Steve did his best to hate their occupation and not the people, but he didn’t always succeed, and the reporter Natasha was dealing with was one of the few he personally disliked. He’d scared away more than one reporter with a frightening look in his time with Senator Stark. Stark never seemed to mind.
be with the news, anyway. Tony had to say, she was getting quite used to having them at the dinner table. It was entertaining, to have herself to speak with. Even if he was very different, Tony found that Other Tony had many of her same speech patterns, and she enjoyed exchanging insults and challenges with the man, all delivered via pop culture references that grew increasingly obscure as the dinners wore on.
“That’s not a bet that’s a certainty,” Kate yelled back. There were few soldiers now, but they did have to dodge a triceratops running away from the T-Rex.
it to us and voila. Nanotech in our bloodstreams.” Steve felt himself go very still at that. His stomach turned.
to hold a bow. Kate, it had turned out, was a much more adept student and thrilled to do something Francis could do. They’d had practice together as soon as Kate turned six and could hold a real bow, and even when the Barton family left the mansion, Kate had continued lessons with Francis and Clint. The two kids were attached at the hip—until Francis hit about fifteen and stopped coming around for the most part. Still, it sometimes felt that Francis had simply always been around, always been underfoot, perhaps due in large part to the fact that he was the only Avenger child other than Kate and Peter (and indeed more so than James) to have grown up in the mansion. Clint had moved in when Francis was just a year old, and Clint and Bobbie hadn’t moved out until 2006, the year when Tony and Steve tied the knot, and Bobbie got pregnant again. They were the last to leave. Francis had lived in the house until he was ten years old, and sometimes Steve forgot he
There were no more words for several minutes, and none of the Avengers in the hall moved. Antonella emerged from the room, but refused to look at any of them. She just stared blankly into her daughter’s room and said in a neutral tone,
“I just—uh—it’s obviously not our clothes that are the problem, so,” he said. Tony nodded mutely, and they dressed in silence. Finally, once Tony had finished gathering up the scattered contents of his wallet, Steve remarked, “You know, I thought you’d finally cracked when you started taking off your tie and ordered me to strip.”
“You’re getting beat up at school?” Dad asked softly. Mom had removed her hands from her face to look at him forlornly.
yet, and C) I think the phone sex I’m really tempted to start would be wildly inappropriate for the workplace.”
“Ugh, boring,” female Tony said. “You and I need a spa day sometime soon. Pencil it in somewhere in your schedule and I’ll work around it.” Female Tony took the paperwork from Pepper, flipping through it. “Can I get this back to you tomorrow morning?”
“Sure,” James replied coolly. “If I don’t, who will?” Peter bristled. How could his brother still be such an ass? How were they even
woken up it’s kind of hilarious—the stuff he’ll babble, I tell you,” she said chuckling. “But I’m sure he’ll get up soon and rub his eyes and go for a run and look for all the world like getting out of bed looking and acting perfect is the most natural thing in the world for him.”
“What am I supposed to tell our children when I don’t know the answers myself? And it’s not—this is entirely
Tony knew the moment that the car alarms began to go off that something was terribly, horribly wrong. Well, actually, his double screaming in Italian was another hint, but the moment it sounded like every car alarm in the city had gone off at once, Tony remembered Kate’s solid advice.
Commander Steven Rogers wasn’t one to be taken by surprise. He’d seen, well, what felt like just about everything, and even the multiverse didn’t often surprise him. But coming home from the Japan mission and finding James sat at the kitchen table with Kate, Peter, and the Other Avengers was surprising. He hadn’t seen his son since his graduation in May, and he’d seen him only scarcely before then. Steve knew his son avoided him as much as possible, but Steve didn’t know how to reverse that. Father/son bonding time had simply never worked well for them. So he had allowed James his space, fearing that if he held on too tightly, his son would disappear forever and never come back.
universe,” Steve said. He pinched the bridge of his nose. Maybe he should just help Tony to his room and put him to bed. He could set out a tall glass of water and a couple of aspirin on his bedside table.
to her. But he never had been. Tony looked at the little silver and sapphire charm in her hand—Tony wouldn’t let herself be him. More importantly, Tony wouldn’t let Kate be
“Why not?” Peter asked. Anything to keep him talking, anything to keep him conscious. Peter did not believe in God, but Peter was praying, silently praying with every second that passed.
movie is but I’m pretty sure I’m insulted,” Steve said dryly, but he let it slide. Tony wasn’t exactly the touchy-feely type; he only hoped his words had reached his ears, no matter how cheesy they might be. They sat in silence for a moment, listening to the background chatter at the bar. A beautiful blonde was complaining to the bartender about her ex, and occasionally casting sultry looks over to Steve. Two businessmen were making deals that did not sound particularly legal. Behind them a woman laughed, over and over again, in a high pitched, drunken giggle that grated on the nerves of everyone in the vicinity.
“Negative, Senator Stark. I have been commanded to take the night shift,” Steve repeated. The Senator looked at him—more accurately, he seemed to
“Fine. I was dying. Cancer. Brain tumor. It was making me crazy as it was killing me, all right? We knew that would happen. And I didn’t want anybody to look at the will, see I’d left almost everything to Steve and the kids, and challenged him because we hadn’t been married at the time of my death,” Tony explained dispassionately. “It would have been easy to do if we waited too long. Before the end I was hallucinating, forgetting I had children at all—we had a full time nanny for a while, as much as I hated the concept. We couldn’t cope, Steve couldn’t cope, and we knew he’d need one once I was gone, anyway. It was a safety precaution when I started losing my mind—I would forget I was supposed to be watching them, or forget they existed all together. I would leave the oven on and never remember to go back to do whatever it was I was doing before. If we’d waited until that point Steve would have been challenged left and right over his part in the will. So, I went to him one day, sat him down, and explained to him all the logical reasons why we had to get married. I’m pretty sure I ended that conversation with, ‘and well, my wagon’s been hitched to yours until the end of my life, anyway, right, so what’s the difference?’
“Y-yeah. Yeah, I’m fine. I’m…Can I just…have a few minutes to talk to you guys?” he asked. Mom put down the remote and they changed positions to look less ridiculous.
“Yes! Exactly!” Tony shouted in exasperation. He stormed off before Steve had even realized what had happened.
. He hugged Peter then, and held on to him. He didn’t know for how long he kept them together like that, but by the time he let go, Kate was there. His beautiful, perfect daughter, standing with her arms crossed and scolding Peter for managing to get himself into
“No. Bucky’s not a beautiful flower, he’s a stubborn ass like you,” 3490 Tony said, a smile playing on her lips. “I’m much more partial to Camellias than Bucky Barnes. No, this is the part where I tell you maybe you should be sketching the beautiful flowers instead of ghosts.” Steve looked down at his sketchbook. He felt
,” Steve said, and that brought Tony up short. Steve smiled at him, and put a hand on his shoulder. “I know
“I feel kind of bad hiding down here,” he said. “I know it’s Tony’s party and she’s been so nice to us, I feel bad. But…she kept calling me Daddy. That little girl up there. She kept calling me Daddy. And then there were the two little boys, and they were calling me Dad and asking if I’d seen something—I don’t know what—but—” Clint broke off and shook his head. “I feel rude but I don’t want to go back up there.” There was silence for a moment. Steve couldn’t think of a thing to say. No one could. Until Bruce spoke up.
“It took six more years. Steve worked for Marvel comics for a few years before he got back into S.H.I.E.L.D. and the military,” she explained. Steve the artist was much different than Steve the soldier, and Tony was frankly glad she’d met Steve the artist first. Steve the soldier was more intimidating. “Then we got on with the Avengers Initiative. Speaking of—you’re pretty young in this endeavor, yes? Can you tell me
“I can’t believe you go to sleep at ten. You’re such an old man,” Kate said, stripping the covers from his body. James thought briefly that it was a good thing he didn’t sleep naked. Kate for her part was dressed in a tiny blue skirt and an off the shoulder black top. They were definitely not pajamas.
“It’s not really my fault if Director Fury is a little slow on the uptake,” he said. “But don’t worry about, I’ll have someone fetch your things. Come on up, we’re about to take off.” Stark marched back up the stairs. Steve glanced at Natasha.
“Mostly,” Natasha corrected him. He swung around to look at her. She shrugged. Technically, she wasn’t supposed to share that bit of classified information. But the rules seemed hardly to apply in this situation.
“—my double may have dosed us all with microscopic robots,” Tony finished, ignoring Steve’s protests. There was silence among the group for a moment. Pepper had frozen still holding a sandwich out to Jane.
food and insisted that because he was a super soldier, it was enough, but Torrun was half Asgardian and even she knew that, put under the stresses James was at present, she would be exhausted.
Francis climbed over a car and jumped down to where she was. He was covered in dirt. He had a white bandage on his arm, already soaked through with blood. That was one thing they could be grateful for—there were almost always EMTs on the scene, along with firefighters, policemen, and even military personnel. They had help—but it wasn’t enough. It wasn’t ever enough. And plenty of the police and military were unwilling to take orders from a sixteen year old girl. James had had more luck in his command. Francis laid down on the pavement next to her.
anymore?” She pushed forward past him, giving him a hefty shove as she went. She was heading for the garden as far as Steve could tell.
. Well, that had never been true. Carol swore under her breath as they squashed behind Steve’s shield. “Any ideas, Stark?”
broaching. He just knew that all topics involving any kind of Tony these days were difficult to have. There was just no getting past the weirdness of their situation. At least, not for Steve. As ever, Tony appeared to be handling things with a cool head, an easy attitude, and a few inappropriate jokes. Tony just raised an eyebrow at Steve’s gentle conversation starter.
“Of course it is, Agent Giggles,” Stark said, rolling his eyes, “but I’m not about to tell anybody, you know, and I highly doubt anybody is going to try and murder me on my own plane unless Pepper’s done a terrible job at hiring pilots, and Pepper never does a terrible job at anything.”
“It’s you who should burn for your mistakes,” Steve said, spitting blood. “Not the other universes you sick fu—“
. I don’t spoil everything I touch—I’ve got Peter as proof against that. God only knows how, but he’s a perfect kid.
mean time, we’re going to need everyone here on the ground helping with the leaks. Our team will largely be away from the city—we need to find the gauntlet, and we need to find the source of all this trouble—but we need you here on the ground to cover any trouble that will inevitably pop up.” The Commander turned his gaze to his own double. “Except you. I want James taking command of your team.”
“Are you sure?” Steve asked. “I could grab something from the restaurant and we could eat on the helicarrier.” Tony grunted.
“Kate is overly obsessed with health food,” 3490 Tony said. Nevertheless she picked up the wrap, still eyeing it suspiciously.
There was a troubling quiet that settled over the room then. If they were at a dead end, they were in serious trouble. Kate tried her best not to think, too often, about the fact that the multiverse was in danger of collapsing in on itself at any given second, but whenever she allowed the thought to occur, the panic would rise through her stomach and into her throat, and she’d swallow it down and see what could be done around the bunker. (This, too, Kate thought, must be how her parents had felt all the time. She understood, now.) This particular kind of panic had her itching to get out of the bunker, take a needle and thread and stitch the universe back together herself.
“I’m not sensing any immediate threats,” Natasha said cautiously. “They seem to be exactly what they say they are—other versions of us, trying to help. Commander Rogers told me today that they hope to have the machine to send us home up and running today. If all goes well, we’ll be on our way home before dinner.” Steve did not miss the change in title. He hadn’t been aware that the Steve Rogers of this universe had moved up in rank, but, of course, it made sense. ‘Captain’ was only symbolic, anyway.
“If it was Hammer’s, it would have malfunctioned and no one would have gotten hurt. That’s why that landmine didn’t go off, wasn’t it? HammerTech? You never miss an opportunity to take a jab at them,” Tony said, returning to his workbench and picking up some special tools Steve couldn’t name. Steve was surprised that Tony was so perceptive.
“Sobering up every second,” Tony said, leaning forward to capture Steve’s lips again. Steve allowed a quick kiss, but then groaned and broke away again.
information, and Tony, at least, could use a general primer on the subject anyway. That was how Tony ended up sitting on the bed in Peter’s room, occasionally handing him a tool as he worked on something he called a ‘web shooter’ at his desk. Tony and a guess as to what that meant but also had no clue what that really meant.
a shit that you—“ Whatever the bald guy had been about to say, he cut off quickly. James could hear creaking and then a smack—the smack of the hatch falling open and hitting the ground on the other side of its hinge.
James froze and looked at her. He put the sandwich down. “I remember Mom grabbing my hand and rushing us out the back door. I remember watching smoke seep out the open windows and the chimney—that’s when we ran for it. I remember tripping and skinning my knees on the pavement. I was a little more fragile then. I remember Francis was panicking because you weren’t there and we were running anyway. Mom was crying.” Torrun looked James in the eyes. “I don’t trust Alts either.” James looked back down at his sandwich.
Tony headed to the kitchen, dressed in a black negligee and her favorite gold-colored silk robe. Steve always found it a pleasing combination. When she arrived in the doorway, she could see the golden hair of her husband. He sat at the table, newspaper in his right hand. He lifted a coffee mug to his lips and drank with his left. For a moment, Tony just stood in the doorway and watched him. Through his simple white shirt she could see the muscles of his back, impossibly defined. She knew that back well—very well, indeed. No longer capable of resisting the urge, Tony gently padded over from her position and wrapped her arms around his shoulders, letting her hands lazily dangle over his chest. She lightly traced the plane of him with one finger and laid a kiss on his neck, then on his cheek.
“So what are we looking for?” the girl asked the bald man as they swept the warehouse. James didn’t even breathe as he watched their shoes march past him. Three he could take, even three with a sniper up high—but the sounds would call the rest, and there had definitely been more than
Tony. He didn’t always come to a wholly favorable opinion of the man. Yet here he was, having complicated feelings for a woman who was only just a little different from the man he knew. It was exceedingly confusing.
They sat, still watching the news. The kids were doing fine—but they were getting hit hard out there. Steve couldn’t help but wince as a camera caught James getting socked on the jaw by a man in some futuristic-looking armor.
stage. Her Steve still used the word occasionally, but certainly not with SHIELD agents. Maria Hill had educated him well.  “Where is
“Not as good as mine, but probably about the same as I was at that same stage, a couple of years into it,” Dr. Banner reasoned. “He’s not likely to Hulk out unless we give him reason to.”
Mom and Dad were silent. Peter just stood there and stared with wide eyes, feeling like a complete idiot.
“Because I’ve seen you look at him,” Antonella said simply. “He’s not as judgmental as you think. He is certainly as bossy as you think, but he’s usually got a good reason to be. He’s not stupid, either, just
Peter had spent so many years watching his mom and dad run off into danger. He never knew if they were going to come back (although, when he was younger, he assumed they were invincible, immortal, infallible, in that way that young children always assume the adults in their life are). And as he got older, he had realized that this was going to be a theme for him, forever. Not only would his parents continue to run off into danger, but Peter knew Jamie would, with the military. He figured Kate would, eventually, if only out of boredom with everything else. Francis would, Azari would, Torrun would… and he’d realized he was permanently sidelined by virtue of being a skinny, slightly below average strength, beanpole with no real athletic ability.
“I thought I raised you better than this, Peter,” Dad said. He sounded tired now—it was another tone James knew all too well. “I’m disappointed.”
The bar was relatively quiet, surprisingly. James figured they must have another on the lower level. Kate flounced right up to it and turned on her hundred-watt smile.
“Because there’s no way that kid’s going to the school nurse. She’ll ask a bunch of questions he doesn’t want to answer. Doesn’t matter what I tell him. Besides, if he’s got broken ribs, there’s nothing they can do for him besides pain pills anyway,” Tony pointed out. “My saying anything wouldn’t be worth a damn to that kid. Best solution was to give him his form and get the hell out, Capsicle.” Steve’s expression darkened, and he opened his mouth to say something, but Pepper cut in.
. Natasha glanced up at the weary face of 3490 Steve as he landed on his feet beside her. The Thors better find that gauntlet fast, Natasha thought, or they were all going to crash and burn.
“Mom forgoing dramatics, that’s a new one,” Kate muttered, but Tony heard it and shot her a look. But even Peter was holding back a grin at that one, so it wasn’t a
Part of him realized, sluggishly, that this was shock. He was in shock, and that was why he felt disconnected, why the world seemed to be moving too fast, why he couldn’t react to anything, why he couldn’t
Nope. Nothing strange. Just two guys hanging out together. Two guys who are married in another universe.
“I think we should go,” Natasha said suddenly. The group all stared at her. To be sure, 3490 had their secrets. Steve didn’t figure that
“So we have no way of knowing yet whether or not both of our universes are going to collapse,” she said. “Brilliant. Did he give us an ETA for that data?” Bruce shook his head. “Just ‘not tomorrow’. It will take twenty-four hours, at least.” Tony pinched the bridge of her nose. Twenty-four hours was a long time to go without knowing whether both of their worlds were on the verge of collapse.
“I am not Peggy Carter, Steve,” she said evenly. He looked bewildered by this obvious statement, but she shook her head. “I am
“I have to wonder,” Jane spoke next, “if we ever…if Thor and I…would she be like Torrun? Or would she
. She cried from the fear of the whole situation, she cried from the rough hold of her nine-year-old brother’s arms, she cried because she was three years old and she wanted her teddy.
“Sit,” 3490 Steve commanded. Steve felt the eyes of the Avengers all on him, along with every other pair of eyes in the room. He took a breath and gave a small nod. He took a seat on the couch. The other avengers and their friends followed his lead. Steve took out a device that looked vaguely like a smart phone, one of the clear types Steve had seen in this universe everywhere though only with Tony in his own. He pressed a button. “JARVIS, you with me?”
we send you out in the field?” Commander Rogers said smoothly, providing the logical explanation for his wife’s hesitation. There was
“Well, you could always avoid it all together and stay here,” 3490 Tony chimed in, making her way to them with a tablet still in hand. “Pepper is always saying how she wishes she could clone herself. I’ve offered to make her a life model decoy but she never takes me up on it. Says she doesn’t find the suggestion very funny. Can’t imagine why. Anyway, you’re all set. All of you. All of you are all set.”
than him in a hundred different ways. She had better tech, she was more responsible, she was less irritable, more predictable, mood-wise… She was, overall, an easier person to get along with. But still, it hit him like a slap that his own teammates all preferred her. For some reason, it hurt him most of all that
in California. Please don’t tell me you’re vegetarian, otherwise I’m going to have to break out the jet, and I don’t think Pepper or the pilot would be too thrilled about that, not to mention Joe, what would he do without my business? Then again Joe probably isn’t alive anymore, unless he named his kid Joe, and his kid now runs the place, and his kid will run the place after him in a never ending cycle of Joes—”
“Hey, Uncle Bruce! Check this out!” Peter called. He was stuck to the ceiling again, but this time his hands and feet were free—he had removed his shirt and stuck there with his back alone. He had such an expression of glee on his face that Bruce recalled the time when he was six and the whole Avengers and all their family went to DisneyLand for the day. That same smile had never left his face. Bruce recognized that smile not just in Peter, but in all of the kids. Kate smiled that way when she’d told him proudly that she’d gotten the part of Clara in the
had to stay with the alternate of her father just in case something terrible were to happen. This time the job fell to Kate. They sat on the couch, their eyes trained on the flat screen that streamed CNN live, their helicopters catching as much of the battle in the streets as they could. It only gave them a blurry idea of what might be happening, and Kate found it worried her more seeing it than not.
“Shut the fuck up, Barton,” Peter snapped, giving him the tiniest of shoves, though it looked like it probably took Peter some effort. Barton’s eyes went dark. He shoved Peter, who staggered several feet backwards, out of sight of the Avengers in the kitchen. It sounded like he crashed into something. Kate smacked Barton on the shoulder, hard. Tony noticed that Steve’s back was ramrod straight, and it looked like it was taking him quite some effort to stay seated.
“CAPTAIN!” Thor thundered, and it took Tony a moment to realize he didn’t mean Steve. Free from having to hide behind a shield, Captain Marvel shot into the air, and only as Tony looked up did he realize why—the two were headed straight towards a plane flying overhead that looked like it was having a rather lot of trouble staying in the air.
how awkward was all of this? Logically, Tony knew somewhere that ignoring this problem was not going to make it go away. However, his brain still screamed at him to run away as fast as he could.
, please exit the building in an orderly fashion—” Tony was speaking into the intercom for the building. It might be the Avengers Annual Christmas Party, but there were also several Christmas parties on the lower floors—R&D workers without families, or some with who simply did not wish to see them, celebrated on other floors. Traditionally, Tony would take some time out to spend part of the evening with them as well, but it didn’t look like that was going to exactly happen anytime soon.
“Touche,” Tony replied. He took another sip of the brandy and closed his eyes. “Even in this universe, they keep the good stuff here.”
“Ah, good Captain. I had so hoped you would come to see me,” the Red Skull spoke, opening his arms out wide. A dare? A show of power? Kate didn’t know and wasn’t sure it was relevant in the moment. She caught Clint’s gaze, then flicked her eyes upwards. Their explosive arrows should do the trick on taking out those guns. But they needed an opportune moment; Kate had no doubt that the second the skull knew what they were about, those guns would all start firing, and Kate doubted any of them were armed with mere bullets. The other version of her dad stepped out in front of all of them, his shield up in front.
. It was—well, Clint named it the ‘universe bomb’; really it’s a—well, it doesn’t matter, point is, it rips a hole between the universes. It rips one wide open. You can get—you can get a number of people through it that way, but it’s unreliable, unstable, dangerous… And, well, the result—it would be devastating to any Earth, but—to this one—“ Dr. Richards looked nervously at Commander Rogers. He just nodded his head, looking exhausted. “We’re—we’re a bit of a magnet. It all started um, ten? Was it ten? Years ago. We—we didn’t know about the multiverse in the early days, much as you didn’t. But—we were spied upon. Earth designation 616 took a peak in. They were looking for universes that had averted a singular point in their own history, a superhero civil war over the SHRA, the registration act—have you had that? No? I’ll skip the details—the point is, we, we became aware of them then. Their little project was not nearly so benign as they had assumed. They ended up visiting us. Their early technological forays into universe travel were not so kind to the multiverse—we’ve been a magnet of sorts ever since. Too many holes. Our universe is like cheesecloth now. Not even America Chavez visits anymore—it’s too risky until some of the holes clear up. But that’s why—that’s why we weren’t surprised to hear you didn’t have an—an
“Hardly. I’ve been everywhere. I’ve had my eye on you and Tony, making sure things were still running smoothly. But I couldn’t be seen,” Fury said. He scowled. “God damn HYDRA has had me on the run.”
“It’s not much further,” James promised. They had been wandering the tunnels for what felt like hours, though James knew that the tunnels only took about an hour to walk. He’d had little Lewis Barton on his shoulders for a while now; the little boy had been fine for the first fifteen minutes after James put him down, but then he’d broken down into a crying fit. Francis was busy holding Nicole while Kate held Lizzy Hogan’s hand, so James had picked him up and did his best to keep him calm and cheer him as they walked. It all had to be rather stressful for a six year old. It was stressful for James, and he was twenty-two.
your hand get over here,” Tony said. He pulled Cap down to his level—Thor appeared to be making passes overhead, taking out anything that dared to get up on the roof. “See that shiny blue thing? Your gloves will provide more protection against that thing than my gauntlets will. Probably. I need your gloves to grab it with. Just rip it out.”
“Me either,” he said. “I don’t think I can—I don’t feel like—it’s like there’s just nothing. Either nothing, or everything. I can’t process. I can’t…I don’t feel anything. I felt everything earlier. Now I just don’t feel at all.”
!” James gestured to his sister and they ran off, accompanied by MCU Steve, who looked determined but positively bewildered by everything that had happened and was happening. James couldn’t blame him. He addressed the Captain,
Regardless, the Red Skull wanted it, so the bulk of the super human forces, led by the other Natasha, James, and Tony, would use it as bait in a frontal assault while a few of them attacked from behind. Well, behind and inside. Other Fury knew a secret way into the ancient castle (because, Steve understood, knowing all secret passages to anything, ever, but especially ancient castles in foreign countries, was Fury’s whole thing), which Steve, Natasha, Kate, and other Clint would take and look for the space stone. Or take out the Red Skull—whichever came first.
Peter kept walking. He was very done with all the drama in the bunker—he didn’t need somebody pissed at him for eavesdropping. He headed off to the shower. He barely moved underneath the water, lazily washing himself off and shampooing his hair. When he’d toweled off he headed back to his room and collapsed on the bed. He was pretty sure he would be asleep inside of five seconds flat—the bed was so warm and cozy, and he was so,
“Protocol 42 seems a little extreme in the given circumstances,” Tony replied, searching his face. “What else is there?” Steve shifted uncomfortably, careful not to move Tony too much.
“Tony had a secret and you don’t know if you should tell—who, the Commander?” Steve asked, looking puzzled.
“Usually if Steve’s after you, he has a good reason,” double Pepper pointed out. She stepped to the side, out of mature Tony’s grasp. Mature Tony let out a small “
“I—I’ll lose my nerve if I do—ok, look, here I go—ok, so that field trip? To Oscorp? Uh, something…weird happened there. Really weird. And uh ok IgotbittenbyaspiderandnowIhavespiderpowers.”
“Big Blonde and Buff,” Tony clarified. 3490 Tony snorted. “Triple B. The man that sticks to you more insistently than a shadow.”
There was a collective groan. No one knew what the next breach might bring through—but it wasn’t likely to be fluffy bunnies.
“Yeah, love you, Dad,” Peter said, giving a much briefer hug. But the intent was clear. They ran off to their bedrooms. Well. James guessed they ran off to
Billy, the teen who had actual magic at his fingertips, as far as Natasha could tell, levitated above them all. A sheer shield of purple magic protected them from the onslaught of fire raining down on the team. Everyone available had been called out for this one, including the new recruits from Avengers Academy, children as young as thirteen—powered children, but still. Perhaps
, I don’t even know anymore—a good little family life going here. It’s surprisingly pleasant. I never…I never figured I would be the one with 2.5 kids and the white picket fence and all. Didn’t want it. I always thought that was kind of—boring. Ordinary. But our lives are pretty interesting outside of the family, and I wouldn’t give my kids up for anything now. I like a little bit of ordinary amidst the crazy that is being an Avenger. Keeps us all grounded. Another pregnancy, another baby is an inconvenience, for sure. But I—I know Steve will want to keep it. And as much of an inconvenience as another baby will be, as much as I didn’t ever
Tony felt her stomach plummet, and a horrible terror overwhelmed her senses momentarily. It may have been another very brief anxiety attack, to which Tony had been prone ever after Afghanistan. Her heart felt like it had stopped, and then it felt as if it would beat out of her chest. He was leaving her. He was well and truly leaving her, leaving her alone forever. He was leaving her, with her two children to watch over, with one on the way even if he didn’t know it, doing everything he’d sworn never to do, breaking every promise he’d ever made, doing everything Tony had ever been afraid of. She’d grown too codependent. She couldn’t do this alone, not anymore, and especially not
“Look for a drain, an air duct—anything leading into the lower levels,” Kate ordered. Alt Steve was already clearly looking around the building, but her own father was just standing there. Staring. “Dad! Come on!” He didn’t move. He didn’t seem to hear her.
“I’m well aware,” she said, then looked back at the plant. “Bucky, right?” Instead of answering, Steve just tipped the sketchbook so she could see. “Hm. You know, we’ve never really gotten along. It’s an endless source of Steve’s headaches. We
“Get in! Quickly!” James said, pulling them inside. An explosion shook the ground and James’ heart leapt. They had to get out of this city and
“Uh, a week at best, a month, tops,” other Tony spoke, sounding apologetic. Fury looked like he was about to have a stroke.
“Another set of our duplicate selves wasn’t on mine,” Steve said, eying the Tony and Steve from 73837. That version of Tony also appeared to be assisting 3490 Tony and Richards while his Steve looked on fondly.
know what he would want in the same situation, without feeling it first hand? The Commander caught his eye and raised an eyebrow. He knew he’d been staring. Well. Now or never. Breakfast was winding down anyway.
… It was a good thing it was a weekend because he wasn’t sure he could cope like this at school. His parents had yelled at him at breakfast. Well, not yelled; he’d received a
. Yet also a bit terrifying. This would be a terrible time for him to lose his powers, and he had no proven way of catching himself if he slipped.
“But you kept them,” Tony pointed out. “Was anything else ever contemplated or did you want to keep them from the moment you found out?”
“Of course not sir,” JARVIS said. “I cannot transgress my coding. I will merely state that this action is inadvisable.”
“I mean, I can still talk about my family,” Kate said. “I can still talk about my annoying twin brother, or my crazy mother, I just can’t go into too much detail. And besides, we’ve got the other Avengers’ kids to talk to. There’s Torrun and Francis and Azari and Hank who are close enough to our age.” Kate certainly didn’t look unhappy or deprived to Tony, but Pepper still looked concerned. Kate looked Peter up and down.
That put another lump in Kate’s throat. Not from the fear of what was to come, although she’d be an idiot if she weren’t at least a little frightened, but from the bone deep understanding of exactly what Francis meant. How many things did she wish, now, that she could tell her mother? What had her mother, Kate wondered, wanted to say to her own parents after she’d found out they and the real Jarvis had died in a car crash? Probably even more things than Kate wanted to express.
,” Tony huffed, retracting the right metal gauntlet of his Iron Man suit, revealing his bare hand beneath. Steve reached out and took the space stone amulet from off where it was dangling from the thumb. He cracked the silver casing in his hands, carefully transferring the stone itself into the final slot on the gauntlet. The glove seemed to hum with power when it snapped into place. Tony took a breath. He looked at Steve. Steve smiled at him.
. Just until the nausea passed, then he’d be able to get up and seek medical attention. He laid his head down and closed his eyes.
To say that Tony was surprised to have found in Kate a quiet ally was an understatement. He figured if any of the kids would be willing to help them out it would be Peter, but now Tony was having to reassess. Peter was good hearted and friendly, but he was also fairly by-the-book, all things considered. But Kate? Kate was the rebel. Kate, Tony thought as the girl scrolled through screen after screen of encryption on her tablet which was hardwired to the Mark 42, had her own agenda and wasn’t afraid to go after what she wanted.
“He did it! He did it! Guys, look at Peter!” the other kids were getting up off the couch to come and see, and in the distance Peter could see Kate, James, Francis and Torrun watching as well. Actually, half the room seemed to be watching. His hands, feet, and face were numb, but it was
. But there’s no way these guys came from your universe.” He looked at them all in turn, his face horribly grave. “Truth is, there’s nothing we can do with you still here. I don’t think these guys are gonna stop, and—” His words were drowned out by an explosion not far from them. There was yet more screaming. Commander Rogers shouted over it. “Kate, James, get the other kids and get the hell out of here! Gather up the Alts and get to safehouse three—James, do you remember the route? The password?”
It was never going to work out with Pepper. In the end, they just weren’t suited for each other. Pepper didn’t like his new job—it was too stressful for her. Tony didn’t want further commitment, at least not in the way Pepper wanted it. He didn’t want marriage or the white picket fence, the kids or the dog. He didn’t want anything his double had in this universe.
“Don’t be a baby. Get going, both of you. I suggest you announce your presence to this world’s avengers loud and clear on the comm channels—otherwise you’ll get blasted out of the sky or off the street,” Kate said. Tony stepped into the armor taking a deep breath. The armor closed in around him. For a quick moment it was dark, but then the HUD lit up.
that look on him. It was the very look that had inspired her to grab her own Steve’s hand and drag him out of the house, despite the fact that, at the time, she didn’t really even
“Jamie!” Kate yelled out. She ran to him, as if to hug him, but then thought better of it and just patted him on the shoulder.
He wasn’t entirely certain why he was hiding this. For the most part, Peter was just freaked out. But he didn’t, particularly, want to share it with anyone. He didn’t want to share this with anyone because, for once in his life, it was something new and unexpected about himself. He’d never had any interesting part to him until now, and he didn’t even know how to feel about this interesting part. Was it dangerous? Was it permanent? Would it cease in a few days? Peter had no idea, but the whole thing thrilled him as much as it frightened him.
They would make it through this battle. They would. Kate’s move had bought them a little extra time. But as the frost giants were pushed back and a new rip in the universe opened up, with more aliens pouring out, Natasha knew they could not keep this up forever.
“Enough! Damage done! What are you doing out here Kate? Look— never mind, I’m getting shot at from all sides. Everybody, Hydra is your number one priority. Everybody but Cap 2 and Kate—you both do recon on the building. If Peter was still inside—” James stopped speaking. If Peter was still inside when the building went down, then it was likely he was their second family member crushed by a building in just a few short months.
The alarm went off through the safehouse. James groaned and laid back again, shoving the pillow back over his face like he could just ignore it all. Then not a second later, he’d thrown the pillow back off and was getting out of bed. Torrun put a hand on his arm to stop him. He looked at her. She looked at him.
But he knew she would, knew she had to. Her gaze, which had fixed on the floor, flicked up slowly to meet her husband’s eyes.
“A ping!” she exclaimed. “He’s—oh, he’s coming out of the subway station at Hollis Hills. Call Happ—”
. He closed his eyes and sighed, happy to be away from everyone else and their problems, happy to be away from the heat of battle, happy to be about to wander through the world of dreams.
be really helpful,” Peter said, pulling his bambi eyes out on him. “Other You is already on the case though. I just thought you might like to join us in our science.” Peter flipped down from the ceiling. It was startling, to find the gawky, awkward teen suddenly so agile. Bruce had always had a soft spot for the youngest of the Rogers brood. He was the most like Tony in her best ways, and the most like Steve in his, and, unlike the other two, he was
“I’m coming with you then,” Ava said. She looked around at her fellow students. “What, you guys really want to keep watching reruns of Friends while the universe crumbles around our ears?”
“I don’t know why we’re even bothering,” the girl whined. “They want to run and hide, why don’t we let them?”
Stark. Busy saving all your asses,” one of the Fury spoke. Kate couldn’t tell them apart, but she figured it was alt Fury. Alt Fury’s single eye roved over all the faces in the room and he scowled. “I’ve got what you need on the Red Skull. But this is too many eyes and ears. Rogers, Romanoff, Stark, Barton—we go somewhere more private. Now.”
. Bigger was better, after all. The whole deck was filled with the clear tablets of Tony’s design, and thirty or forty people were on this deck alone, all typing away busily or monitoring screens. Even after a year, and even after
“I can’t imagine. I really can’t,” she said. She flipped on the nearest computer and messaged Bruce in the lab.
powers, and I’m here. I shouldn’t be, but I am. But really it comes down to the fact that…look, Avengers Academy? It was a joke when I was little. It was what James and I would call it whenever Dad took us to the archery range or Steve took us to the gym to teach us some new fighting style. And then it became a regular thing, and that’s what we said we were doing on weekends—we “went to” Avengers Academy. It wasn’t really a thing until Stamford. But after—after, the Avengers and SHIELD realized there needed to be an
“Love you, Dad,” she said before she let go, and then she left the room, her eyes red and her cheeks still stained. Their father turned his gaze to James. He took a step towards him. Peter noticed how his brother looked at him, still a defiant face even in the midst of all this turmoil. It made Peter mad that he could still be so petty and awful so soon after everything.
“Groundrules?” James asked his father. A select team from the Academy, the MCU Avengers, and Peter’s mother and father all stood in the vast gym created especially for the Avengers. Located in the Avengers Academy, Peter knew that this gym was the one his parents used whenever they needed to practice as a team as well. It was the size of a large warehouse (which it had previously been) and outfitted with all of his mother’s best tech—holographs that you could touch, feel, and manipulate like real objects, programmed scenes and scenarios that had outcomes entirely dependent on the players’ actions. He’d told his mother that she should get into the video game business once, but she had just rolled her eyes. She didn’t want anyone messing with her tech who might do something less than well intentioned with it, and that meant not releasing it for public consumption. Peter understood that, even if he still really wanted to play
Partway through the day, after spending a little surreptitious time in the gym and discovering that his strength was through the roof (stronger, even, than James or Kate or probably even his dad), went back up to the kitchen to eat. Super strength meant a super metabolism—something Peter had observed but never felt. It was weird to be sitting in the kitchen eating all of the leftover spaghetti and then still attacking a jar of peanut butter afterwards. Knowing he would polish it off, Peter didn’t both to even use a spoon. He just licked his finger.
“You should learn karate,” Tony said. “It only takes one 80s training montage and then boom, you’re a black belt.” Peter just looked at him, then nodded, his eyebrows raised.
lecture from Mom and Dad, and grounding from anything fun at all for a month. She was also instructed to apologize to Jeanne for having used unnecessary force and abused her powers. Kate thought that was a bit of a cruel joke; Jeanne had gotten what she wanted, and Kate was going to have to apologize for it on top of that. But she went along with her punishments quietly, because she knew that she deserved it.
“Romanov, as usual,” Tony said. “Can’t trust that one further than you can throw her, of course. Well. Actually, you might be able to throw her quite far. Me in the Iron suit as well, but you get my meaning. She’s the only one I see presenting a real threat at the moment, other than, perhaps, your counterpart.”
The lights were so bright, so pretty, like the lights of a Christmas tree. He loved Christmas. It was the best holiday, and he loved the lights. So many lights.
“Negative, Captain,” James said, and he sounded about as troubled about it as Steve suddenly felt. “But—”
“With all due respect, sir, I’ve trained my entire life for this,” James said. “I’ve never known anything but military school, never done anything else. Men with less training and fewer qualifications have gone out to Dwyer and done fine jobs serving their country. I wish to do the same, and I will. Sir.” The last
“You’re not going to leave until I tell you something, are you?” Peter asked, still clearly irritated. Kate crossed her arms emphatically. Peter rolled his eyes. “Fine. Look, I told the parents something important, and I thought they’d be happy for me, but now they’re acting like the world fucking caved in and—I’m just so
and add an appendix, as this story has gotten a bit monstrously large. This includes a timeline and also lists of people involved in Avengers Academy and at various parties where not everyone has been listed in-story.
“Well like—you know how we don’t talk about Grandpa Howard on pain of death. But I think it’s probably got something to do with that. I think Mom not telling Dad about what you were doing, I think it’s got something to do with stuff that happened a really long time ago,” Peter said. “So, look, it’s not your fault, Kate. I mean, maybe a teensy tiny bit, but not really. Mom made her choice not to tell Dad. And Dad made his choice to be really, really angry about it.”
to it. But as she lay on the pavement, staring up at the sky, her limbs splayed out like she was about to make a snow angel on the asphalt, she realized that one’s mind might get
“Kate I—look I—I don’t know what you want me to say,” Francis admitted. She took her head out of the pillow.
bracelet?” Tony asked. Kate shook her head. “Well, you know it was mine. I’d had it since I was a little girl, about the same age as you were when I gave it to you, actually. Jarvis gave it to me—flesh-and-blood Jarvis, that is. He saw how upset I was every time my mother and father left for some business excursion or private vacation—which was quite often. So he got me a little charm bracelet with a single charm. And the first one was that little heart which, he said, symbolized my parents’ love for me. But I knew better. After all, the bracelet was from
“She uh—she wanted to tell you. But she—she wasn’t sure if Extremis would affect the fetus…I don’t think she wanted to worry you. And then she said there just—wasn’t a good time and of course when I was talking to her you were—well. So yeah. Uh. I’m sorry. I just—I thought you should know. In the spirit of honesty and trust and transparency and all that. And also because, you know. I guess that’s the decent thing to do. Um. Can I—do you need anything? Do you want me to go?” Tony got worried when Steve put his head in his hands. He looked up, one hand still covering his mouth.
hadn’t really benefited from being favored at Avengers Academy. He had less training time when it came to SHIELD, but that was because Avengers Academy was itself a SHIELD sanctioned training program. Any of the other kids would get the same treatment—and a couple had. His biggest perk of being the kid of an Avenger was getting into the Academy at all; Francis didn’t have any powers. He shouldn’t have been there. He knew that. But he and James had always trained together. It seemed ridiculous that he couldn’t go when they had always ‘gone to Avengers Academy’ anyway. But it had set an awful precedent, and now the whole school was in the mess it was.
Maybe that was grief, truly, James thought. Not the sharp agony, the shock of someone’s death, but the slow, persistent reality of life without them.
“I made vegetable soup,” Steve said, sitting down beside Tony on the couch. The television had no connection to the outside world, lest someone trace the signal and realize there were people in the bunker, but James had fired up the DVD player and put on
“See?” Peter said, looking damn pleased with himself as well he should. Tony reached out and touched it—it was sticky, but he could pull his hand away. It was definitely strong.
“This is going to be a rough two years, isn’t it?” Steve asked, putting on his reflective sunglasses. Natasha just pursed her lips.
“Of course, of course,” Tony said, readily excusing him. He just nodded and then took his leave, never quite ridding himself of that lost expression. It was so difficult to remember that he was not her husband, difficult to remember that this was one Steve whose heart she could not repair. As he disappeared, Tony felt a bit lost herself.
Later, security footage would prove that it was, indeed, Kate who had been attacked first. Jeanne didn’t even bother to deny it. Kate got off with a stern warning from Dr. Pym, a long,
Slowly, ever so slowly, the cars that were moving came to a stop as their engines cut. The city gradually quieted, with car horns no longer blaring and alarms shutting off. Stuff was still on fire, but at least Tony’s ears weren’t bleeding anymore. 3490 Clint lowered his bow as 3490 Steve finally approached his wife, holding her in his arms as her armor melted back under her skin, leaving her in a simple tee and leggings. Out of armor, Antonella looked fragile, like she could barely keep herself on her feet. Tony could tell that her cheeks were wet, and she was still shaking. 3490 Hawkeye regarded Tony and Steve.
us? They could have done that at any point,” Tony finished, but Natasha shook her head just as Steve’s own gut was filling with a sense of foreboding.
“I don’t know,” Fury interjected. “But what I do know is that he’s not making a move until he has Rogers—the
“Want a ride?” Tony offered as Clint and Natasha headed over to Thor. Bruce hadn’t joined them for this outing; 3490 were concerned that his Hulk, a less controlled Hulk, might do unnecessary damage to the city. Bruce had seemed frankly relieved that he wasn’t asked to join in. Steve didn’t answer Tony, he just grabbed on to the back of the suit. Tony put his faceplate back on and fired up the suit.
“There’s your rematch,” Kate snarled. “I won.” Bruising was already beginning to form around Jeanne’s eye where Kate had sucker punched her earlier, but the other girl just smiled blandly.
he’s mad at Mom. But like, I mean, I don’t know if she did it just to be nice to you. I think she had other reasons.”
“I’m assigned to the night shift, Senator. I would usually be stationed outside a door, to offer privacy, but seeing as the elevator appears to
He laid awake for a long while on that bed that night, and his father did as well, before they each drifted off to sleep. And before that moment came to pass, James thought to himself that he’d never felt closer to his father than he did just then.
People made a fuss when he walked through the door. Steve ignored the fuss. He walked straight through the small crowd of his teammates and went to the room assigned to him. He shut the door behind him and laid down on top of the bed, staring aimlessly at the ceiling.
“You have got to stop doing stupid stunts on that thing, Peter, you’re going to break your neck,” Tony admonished.
Peter Rogers watched everyone around the bunker ready themselves for the fight ahead. This time, though, it wasn’t in response to a rip in the universe, or time, or whatever, depositing something unpleasant in an inconvenient place. No, this time they weren’t just reacting—they were going after Hydra, taking the fight to the rat’s nest that the other world’s Fury had sussed out somehow. According to alternate Fury, while they had small cells located throughout New York—and the world—the Red Skull and a bulk of their weapons were hunkered down in a castle in Sokovia.
“Such a sweet little boy,” 525 Steve said, smiling. Everything was wrong about that smile. Or maybe it was that
“His parents will take care of it when he gets home,” she said. Steve’s mouth shut. Yes, his parents would take care of it. Which neither of them was. Tony knew sometimes, looking at Peter or Kate, he forgot that, which, Tony figured, must mean that Steve had an even harder time. But after Pepper’s gentle reminder, he said nothing more on the subject. The rest of the short ride to the Triskelion was spent in silence.
what sent us here. And I think we’re underestimating them. They might be a happy family—or happy-ish and slightly dysfunctional—but did any of you ever wonder
“Yeah,” James said with a shrug, still worried about her. He was concerned that she was changing the subject. Torrun generally faced her problems head on. “That’s par for the course for the military.”
. But I’m not going to give these ones any leeway either. They need to be watched. They might just be stupid, but it might just be an act. We can’t know for certain.”
it, and maybe then, maybe then it won’t… and it didn’t. We’d beaten so many odds. I just thought we’d go on beating them.”
“Can’t stand it?” Alt Steve finished for her. “Me either. It’s worse than battle in a lot of ways, isn’t it? Waiting for word. Hoping everything goes ok. Trusting everyone that much, not being able to take control of a bad situation, to help.” It was always odd, Kate reflected, talking to this young version of her father. He spoke just the same way, but there always seemed to be some kind of pain on his face. Kate scrunched her brow together, considering him.
It had been a long time since James had seen this many Avengers in the same place. More importantly, it had been a
, the bond of comrades-in-arms, something deeper than brothers (and a sister). If anybody asked, the Avengers were doing great. And really, if anybody saw them work, they were…
comfortable before, given their circumstances, but now a weight settled on his shoulders as the very atmosphere felt subtly changed.
to have another, I have to say I won’t mind adding to our family again,” Antonella said. She looked deep in thought.
“That’s not an answer,” 525 Steve said. The hand tightened again, and James gasped and coughed and struggled. It was an automatic instinct, his hands flying up to 525 Steve’s, clawing at them as he struggled for air. 525 Steve wasn’t bothered. “Four.”
“Because Fury never attempted ethical ones first,” Tony protested. “I’m not going to download my alternate’s brain and see exactly what he’s thinking. I’m not going to pry the secrets out of Fury with nanites if I can do it with
Dinner was all together uneventful. James did in fact show up, and his and Francis’ mutual (friendly) insults were rather entertaining, especially considering the fact that they had to avoid saying swear words or anything particularly filthy if they didn’t want Steve’s older counterpart—who Steve had taken to thinking of simply as the Commander—to box their ears. Francis resorted to calling James a ‘tragic son of a rocky road ice cream cone’ to which James responded that Francis was ‘nothing but a low down banana split sundae without nuts on top’. One thing was for certain—this argument in no way resembled any of the ones James had shared with Peter. There was no real venom in their ridiculous insults, and they both seemed to take great joy in it.
“Oh, now this is interesting,” 525 Steve said. He laughed. “Did I shoot myself in the foot here? Have I devalued my leverage? Oh, poor little Jamie—looks like your daddy doesn’t care so much anymore, knowing you grow up less than perfect.”
“You really need to learn to fight without the armor, Tony,” Steve said, pensive. “As soon as your armor was out she
“What if I’m not strong enough?” she’d whispered after that. Steve could see her hands clutching the blanket hard. “What if—what if this is just temporary?” Steve knew what she meant. What if her
“I mean, I have a body guard shaped like Superman, I should really take advantage of that don’t you think? Never have anybody to play with. Well, Happy, but he likes boxing and—well, don’t get me wrong, I like boxing, but I just
,” Jane argued, impassioned. “If we leave who even knows if they’ll help us when we get back? And besides, while we’re here I can use their equipment to confirm the scientific conclusions they’ve presented to us. It might not help with motivations, but if they’re lying that would certainly tell us something. And while we’re here I can piece together their equipment and the science behind it so that we can
Kate grinned evilly and handed him the beginnings of a ninja costume. That was how, a few hours later, Francis and Kate ended up answering the door for trick-or-treaters, handing out candy, with Peter then jumping straight down from the ceiling right in front of the older kids. They always ran away screaming. After one middle school boy the size of a tank ran away as fast as his thick legs would carry him, screaming for his mother, Kate couldn’t help, amidst their laughter, but to look over at her brother.
It had been almost two years that Steve had been assigned to the crazy man—two years (well, a year and six months, really, given that they both spent the first six at a cool distance) of three AM hamburger runs, of games of HORSE on the basketball court, of heated debates about movies and surprisingly less heated debates about politics, of touring the country in swanky hotels as the campaign picked up pace—and of waiting outside bedrooms, as usual.
him, because Peter’s so scrawny and dorky and artistic, but he’s still made such an impact on the world already. He’s so fucking proud.” She laughed and shook her head. Steve just let her talk, continuing his sketch, afraid that to say anything would break the moment. She would realize any minute who she was talking to and stop speaking, he was sure, and he wanted to delay that as long as possible. “I mean, don’t get me wrong, Dad absolutely adores me. But I haven’t done anything to
,” James said. He spotted Lizzie a few feet away and gently grabbed her arm. “Hey, do you know if this place has any private rooms?” She gave him a coy smile.
“We’ll find it,” Coulson assured them in that effortlessly confident way he had. “And we’ll work from there once we do.”
, that’s weird.” It took Other Clint a moment, but eventually his son-in-another-universe’s pointed stare sunk in.
“Would that be for amputees?” he asked. Tony looked up, startled. Steve wondered if Tony had forgotten he was there.
“Go take a shower, you stink of vodka. You’re going to be late to school if you don’t hurry, and I’m not making any excuses to the principal for you,” 3490 Tony said firmly. Her eyes dark and angry, Kate turned on her heel towards the stairs. “And don’t even think of touching the ibuprofen! JARVIS will tell me if you do!” 3490 Tony sighed and came back into the kitchen, snatching her mug back up from the table and making a beeline for the coffeemaker.
Had been. Wasn’t anymore. Wasn’t anything anymore. That was the truth that had smacked James in the face the moment all of them walked through the dark, quiet halls to bed. None of it had felt fully real until they were back at the manor and Tony—their Tony—wasn’t there with them. Something about the house felt hollow, now, to James as he laid in his bed that night, exhausted but somehow unable to really sleep. Tony’s absence was itself a presence in the house, and James felt the grief of it all weighing him down.
“Don’t you sass me, soldier,” he said. “The limo is out front. I’m giving Special Agent Romanov the day shift, so get ready for the graveyard shift. Your assignment starts now.” Steve recognized the dismissal and nodded curtly to the Director of the United States Secret Service. He left the office, heading out front to the limo that would take him to wherever Senator Stark was.
“Sure, they have us there,” Natasha agreed, “but couldn’t we just as easily hold a gun to Peter’s head and demand they help us? Demand they send us back through, universe holes be damned? It’s a
does that entail, precisely?” Bruce demanded. Male Tony’s expression changed to one of surprise and he put his hands up.
,” 3490 Steve said. He was shouting by the end of it, and Antonella was looking less and less able to meet him with confidence, shrinking in on herself from the scolding.
,” Kate said, fully aware that she was screaming. She couldn’t hold back the tears anymore as they leaked from her eyes. She felt so stupid. She felt stupid and guilty and horrible. This wasn’t Francis’ fault. He hadn’t lead her on—she’d
“No,” James replied, fully aware of the quiver that ran through that note. Peter dropped the spoon and stared off into the distance.
on me,” Tony said. Of course it was. Of course it would be. Which was why he planned on informing JARVIS (as if he didn’t know already) of Peter’s injury and to monitor him through the night. But he wouldn’t tell the kid that.
bad. Besides they would make a good couple. I’ve always said it was a shame you’re straight as an arrow. We could have been
“I’ve been expecting this conversation, Tony,” James said, moving to her table. Tony looked perplexed, but James barreled on, “and whatever you have to say, I know you’re right. I know—I know I shouldn’t have gone with Kate. I should have told her to stay home. Barring that, I should have kept a closer eye on her. I should have protected her, and I didn’t. I’m sorry.”
It was lucky, in fact, that he did, as at that very moment, before any of them had time to find out what his father really would do, smoke erupted throughout the whole room, a stinging tear gas that James felt on his skin. The iron grip on his neck was gone. He gasped in air and then choked on smoke. He put a hand over his eyes and looked through a slit in his fingers. 525 Steve had let him go completely and was yelling—James took his opportunity and ran, his lungs burning and his eyes stinging. He ran as fast as his little legs would carry him, out of the house, down the street. He could hear the sounds of battle coming from the mansion, but he never once looked back. He knew the way to the safe house—take the subway to midtown, get to the mall, get to the secret door, and move through the tunnels. He could make it there. He could live. He just had to make it happen on his own.
“Uh. I stick to stuff now. Like ceilings and glass and—anything, actually, I’m using atomic force—well, not
“I think we’ll head out now, too,” she said, speaking for Bucky, Sam, and Clint as well. The Commander blinked and started to stand.
too intimate for a Special Agent and a Presidential Candidate. Steve shut the sketchbook and resolved to listen to music for the rest of the night.
The crowd was silent and still. Well, Francis thought nervously, at least she had their attention. She put her hand on Robbie Farrell’s shoulder.
“He’s an inter dimensional traveler,” the other Steve explained. “Very dangerous. Like—America Chavez, have you met her? Like her, only if she was evil. The Ghost has one of our teammates held captive, but we’re having trouble catching him. We’ll be on our way as soon as we confirm he’s not here…”
The door was open, Bruce registered that in the deep part of his mind that he was doing his best to suppress. It was his instinctual side, the side that always woke The Other Guy. Bruce couldn’t let that take over. He couldn’t think about the shouts and the shots going off just feet away. If he did, he would transform, and if he transformed, James was dead. Instead, Bruce concentrated on the job at hand and
. “You know, I realized something after you left. I realized that the fight we had? That wasn’t all on me. And I replayed some of the things you said and—Christ, you know what? I’m
“—a ball, the Senator will be fine for two minutes without us watching him like hawks,” Natasha said, and her voice was suddenly louder. Steve turned around to see her sauntering up. She held out her hand and, well, who was Steve to refuse a beautiful lady? He took her hand and walked with her out onto the dance floor. He was a terrible dancer, but Natasha didn’t seem to mind, and at least he managed to avoid her feet. It
“You think I need to be medicated?” he asked. It had a bit of an edge to it. No, this was not her Steve at all. She laughed.
close to ordering JARVIS to paralyze them all when they started fighting against the Chitauri. Steve was surprised. And then he was surprised at himself for being surprised. They might not have had the best experiences with other universes, but surely the
“I made something similar last year for the science fair. It was dissolvable, quick dispensing organic bandage, and it stuck to skin and clothes but dissolved within a few hours, like this. It’s getting deployed for military use next year. I just made some modifications, and, voila. Stronger than steel. It’s like a spider’s web—which is what I based the first design on to begin with,” Peter said, like it was nothing unusual for a sixteen-year-old boy to invent a revolutionary new compound for the science fair. Tony was no stranger to incredible feats, having managed quite a few himself, but he was still impressed.
for God’s sake. But Tony was a scientist. She wasn’t about to leave any question that could be solved by simple testing up in the air even if she was scared out of her mind of the answer, which was how she came to be standing in her and Steve’s bathroom, holding a stick with a little digital read-out of a plus sign. Of course, no single experiment was ever scientifically sound—tests had to be repeated and the results repeated for an accurate conclusion to be drawn, which was why other than the stick in her hand, there were six other tests, all different brands but all with the same result, in the trash. Who knew Other Clint was a fucking clairvoyant.
“Oh, that’s right,” Pepper said, “he’s your brother isn’t he? I remember your mother mentioned something about another child.”
“We’ll meet you there. If we’re not there in three days, move to the next one. Keep going until we catch up to you. Now
“Tick tock, Captain,” 525 Steve said. His grip on James’ neck tightened. It was getting harder to breathe.
to do.” Kate’s voice rang with sincerity. “Look.” She jumped down from the railing, and moved to walk into the middle of the crowd. “I know the Academy sucks. We
“Peter told me you have kids,” his double spoke to him suddenly. His tone was light, but Bruce knew himself well enough to know that he was just doing his best to keep cool.
that James hadn’t slept at all or even bothered to try. Deep circles were under his eyes as he sat in his chair, watching feed from the security cameras outside, just waiting for the 3490 Avengers to appear. It was dinner time but none of the 3490 children were eating. Kate sat on a chair, her knees pulled up to her chest and her chin resting on her knees. The television played some mindless reality show that no one was actually paying any attention to. Eventually James got up from his post, pulled out two bowls of the vegetable soup Steve had heated up for everyone for dinner, and handed them to his brother and sister. Peter took it but just stared into the bowl. Kate just shook her head.
They were silent on the way to the hospital. Bucky never was much for idle chit chat, and he was never great with word of comfort either—even less so after everything that happened to him. When they got to the hospital, Bucky dropped him off with a nurse. The staff checked him over first, quickly—a typical post-battle check-up. He was fine, physically. Despondency wasn’t something the doctors would diagnose. They led him to Peter’s room. Someone had already managed to clean him up a bit and set his leg. He was attached to all kinds of machines, but he gave his father a cheerful smile. Steve sat down, and his son made jokes and laughed even though he was clearly in pain, and it took time untold before he realized that Peter was attempting to cheer him up, somehow.
