Sherlock could point out that, by John’s criteria, no roast or other meat will be permitted in the fridge either. However, he is terribly impatient for that information John promised. He has waited for this moment through the eternity of a day. It feels like he has waited
"It's possible she performed some other acts, more easily hidden-" His eyes take on a strange focus, almost as if he's looking through John's clothing, as they sweep over his chest and then lower. John swipes his tongue across his lips and straightens a bit.
He rises from the bed and straightens himself. He moves to stand before the full-length mirror on the door of his wardrobe and undresses slowly, examining each article of clothing as he goes. He first unbuttons his trousers and lets them drop to the floor. He steps out of them and with a quick examination, sets them aside to assess his legs.
Sherlock's long, white fingers are spread against the black surface of his desk, his marble back is straight and rigid, and his expression remains stony as he stares off into the dark of night. He's so beautiful but, at the moment, so
- perhaps, intimately. But since he has exactly zero experience in the area of picking up men, his muddled brain just keeps ticking over the finest qualities of Sherlock;
His mind keeps returning to waking from sleep, whole body electric with Sherlock's demanding and desirous touch, those elegant and masterful fingers, stroking his already throbbing cock through his pants... That exquisite naked body squirming beneath the palms of his hands.
“It's him, John! He couldn't resist trying to get the machine while Garridebs was out.” He rises up to his full height and kicks the gun away from where it dropped close to the murder’s right hand, though there is no danger of it being reclaimed
“Sorry,” Molly says, blinking owlishly. “I just - I never thought Sherlock would-” She cuts herself off, covering her mouth when she realises how poorly her interjection is going. “Sorry,” she says quietly, dropping her gaze back to her own organic chemistry book and making a determined effort to look as if she is studying it.
Sherlock moves closer and, with his back nearly against his own silhouette on the wall, he discovers the optical illusion Raz has created. In the same position as Sherlock had been that night, the image of John leaps into three dimensions and John appears as he was that night, staring at Sherlock. Sherlock’s breath catches and his heart pounds as John’s intense expression fixes on him. He lets his head bow, the emotions of that night tumbling over him and making his eyes burn. Then he pushes away from the wall and opens the note.
Her hum says less that she believes me and more that she considers it interesting that I would say such a thing.
“Some people go in for that,” I drawl, only looking at him out of the corner of my eyes to gauge his reaction. He merely makes a humming sound, closer to acknowledgement than agreement, his eyes never leaving his phone as he swipes and jabs at it.
Sherlock pauses, putting noticeable effort into relaxing himself as he stares at John. When he starts again his voice is much calmer and he annunciates each word. “How. Can I. Best. Please. You?”
“Correct.” Sherlock has still not raised his head but his hands have snaked their way beneath his coat to tuck under his arms.
Sherlock has joined him on the top landing now. He keeps a guarded distance between them as he searches the former DI’s face for the anger he expects him to harbor. He anticipates a punch and he is debating if he should dodge it or let the man get it out. He deserves it, after all. Lestrade just smiles at him warmly for a moment, then shakes his head.
"No... Not for a couple weeks. Haven't had a tremor either." I lift my hand to show her how steady it is, and my smile is genuine for that. It's no small feat to be rid of those most visible identifiers of my broken mental state.
“The bastard!" She throws her hands up in exasperation as she moves back into her seat. "He let me believe it was
“Bedroom door was locked from the inside. I kicked it in.” Sherlock’s smile is nothing like a smile; cold and sharp. It is rather disturbing, actually. Enough so that I consider that he might be mentally playing out the DI’s murder in his head.
He has never considered Sherlock to feel even remotely similar and could only imagine what sort of derisive thoughts he had on marriage in general. He is humbled by the potential of this unimaginable, mind-blowing, anomaly of a genius giving over so much to himself, an ordinary, unpolished, broken ex-soldier.
Sherlock’s outstretched hand reaches for the closed door to the living room and pushes, the grain of the wood slightly warm, a faint waft of dust combining with tea, resin and burning wood and a presence that seems to infuse everything that was flat and hollow with life once again.
Sherlock holds his breath, doesn’t move, doesn’t speak or make a sound. He tries to focus - tries to understand what John is saying.
“Don’t you believe it. Don’t you fuckin’ believe it. You are the bravest and smartest and best man I have ever known. You don’t have to -” John crushes his eyes closed and holds Sherlock tighter. His hands are throbbing,
“High functioning Asperger's," Sherlock snaps in the same tone he usually corrects people that call him a
There is a small aside at the bottom noting that the guard was initially uninjured but disappeared a day later. It is thought that, in shame for his failure to protect the girl, he has taken his own life, as is the tradition for such a dishonour.
The figure freezes as dark blue eyes fix on it across the room. The expression is full of anguish and determination, defiance and desperation and it can't look away. A thrill strikes through it, like lightning, splitting open a strange ache in the pit of its stomach. It has been seen by the newly dead, the delirious and the dying but never like this - never like it is a man - a human - flesh and blood.
“People often think you're a murderer, then,” John says casually with a warm smile. He feels a bit like he's discovered a hidden treasure everyone else hasn't been smart enough to see right beneath their noses.
For all this, Sherlock had let that truth slip away somehow. Instead he had seen his own dark end looming. They would put him in prison and it wouldn't be long before one of the criminals he'd put away from The Work found a way to have the last word. Or they'd put him in solitary confinement to protect him from other prisoners and the echo of Moriarty hiding in the dark recesses of his mind would slowly drag him to madness. He’d welcomed his inevitable destruction. He hadn't seen a way out even though, on some level, he’d known there was one.
"What?" Sherlock looks over his shoulder to find John standing by the foot of his bed, looking down at it. He pulls his eyes up to meet Sherlock's.
John makes a sound of consideration and lets his eyes run over what he can see of Sherlock in such close proximity as if weighing the merits of his argument.
“Technically I have not proposed anything, John. I have simply asked you a question,” he says quieter, his voice more breath than tone.
The cab pulls up in front of a posh restaurant. I feel Sherlock staring at me as I look out the window, considering if I really want to continue. I turn back to him and he lifts his eyebrows.
When I'm done I've found no more clarity. Worse yet, trying to work through what is a real concern and what is a paranoid delusion leads me to remember in vivid detail the dream from the previous night and that has me throbbing
"Someone from the bank, then? Wanted him dead and hired a contract killer?” I can only hope it's Sebastian. I would certainly relish seeing him hauled away in handcuffs and that smug grin disappearing when his posh suit is exchanged for a prison uniform.
came along.” Sherlock hisses, relinquishing his hair to jab a finger towards John and begin his pursuit again, pushing John back. “It stands to reason it is your responsibility to recertify this wretched situation. It is, after all,
John leans in and Sherlock can feel John's arousal brush against his own; hard and surprisingly broad and long.
The image flickers; John's expression jumps between distaste and disappointment for a second as he takes in Sherlock's
Victor never sees John coming. John smashes into him like a battering ram and Victor goes flying sideways into the heap of trash. John is on him instantly; knees in his chest and fists pummeling relentlessly; blind with rage as bones crack and flesh breaks under blow after blow.
“Shhh,” The figure whispers. It reaches out, hovering a hand over Captain Watson's brow and tracing the lines of his face. It can't touch. Might hurt him... but it aches to provide some comfort - to restore this beautifully passionate and determined man to himself. It can feel the Captain's devastation, helplessness and hopelessness like a gaping wound of darkness.
“What the hell is this?” John’s voice is tight and steady but the photo in his hand trembles as he holds it out towards Sherlock. He is sitting on the edge of Sherlock’s bed.
Five hours ago they had solved an extremely emotional case where a child had been taken. Three hours and twenty minutes ago they had apprehended the kidnapper that had been at large for two days but Sherlock can’t really call that a victory as the one thing that matters is that the child is dead; murdered shortly after taken.
Just as the figure makes up its mind to take this risk, the door on the landing above them flies open and they both startle at the jarring noise.
Heartened that John is now primed to see this this through, Sherlock gets to his knees and clamours over John to reach for the bedside drawer he is certain is full of John's sex supplies.
For a moment, Hopkins is stunned. The Sherlock Holmes she knew was confident, cocky even, headstrong and more than capable of defending himself and taking down criminals of every ilk. The last time she had met Sherlock Holmes, he had had a whole bevvy of acolytes, of people helping him.
They stare at each other a long moment as something heady passes between them. There's a shift in the air, like the world is letting out a held breath. Then Sherlock gives a small nod and he releases John's shirt as he turns his gaze back to the wound. “Tell me,” he demands softly.
"Going to the bed now," John reminds, tipping his head and tilting his body to indicate Sherlock’s bed behind himself.
The way he is staring at John now is as if the ex-soldier has just been resurrected from the grave. His expression is so raw, John freezes and lets out a long breath. He clears his throat and tucks his chin.
"Oh… you're?" John scratches at the back of his neck and looks around in confusion, wondering why Sherlock came over to his room to take a shower. It's not exactly an unpleasant turn of events - a bit odd - but John won't complain.
” Sherlock has observed enough couples to identify a certain dynamic. She is certainly communicating a type of ownership by touching him repeatedly, blocking his path, leaning into his space. However, John’s signals contradict this; he is leaning away and looking past her with his arms folded over his chest in a closed-off manner.
"No. No. She wasn't dead or anything like that-" Sherlock says, waving a dismissive hand through the air above his covers. "She was a world-famous mathematician. She was busy - traveling, lecturing, consulting and such."
that floating sensation on the brief oxygen deprivation. But the panicked way in which Sherlock grabbed at him, and seeing the normally so articulate man not even able to complete a sentence, squeezed John’s heart.
John hums in approval (or surprise, Sherlock can't be sure) and their lips begin to move. It is, as John indicated, a kind of dance; a slow, sensual, rhythmic movement of push-pull, advance-retreat, fast-slow, move and counter-move.
in a voice that was broken and vulnerable, so alien to the typically cool, calm and apathetic man, John felt his objections ground away. He didn’t want his friend to suffer alone.
“Um... There’s quite a bit.” He tries to laugh. It comes out tight; nervous and ashamed. He rubs at his ear. “Are you.. um... wanting... a play-by-play, full accounting, then?”
“Slick up your generously proportioned cock...” Sherlock clips the k sharply as he steps forward. John tries to step back but he has run out of room for his retreat and his whole body stiffens as his calves hit the bed. His eyes drop to Sherlock's mouth and it sets off a flutter in Sherlock's insides; petrol thrown on the fire and he is burning from the inside out.
“Right, thank you.” I march over and snap the lid of my computer shut. I have a surge of satisfaction in seeing Sherlock jerk his fingers back out of the way just in time. His expression flickers surprise as I stomp away.
John folds his newspaper a little roughly and puts it on his table looking at Sherlock more pointedly. He looks down for a moment and when his eyes come back to Sherlock their expression has changed. They are decisive and determined. He smiles warmly.
He clenches his jaw and lifts his chin. "You can let me out here. Thank you very much." He turns to the window.
John looks up from his paper for the hundredth time and his eyes narrow as he studies Sherlock a moment. The detective is perched on the chair at the sitting room desk looking at John's laptop
He can’t put his finger on it but he knows better than to ignore his instincts. The hairs are standing up on the back of his neck, his hands tingle and there is something twisting in his gut. He puts his hand flat on the patient’s chest, near the wound.
Sorry, this chapter is a bumpy (emotional) ride. Not a particularly happy chapter but remember it is always darkest before dawn - and emotional growth is always a bit painful.
Additionally, Sherlock is (finally) looking at me as well. His gaze is hard; his brow is furrowed, his lips are parted and his expression, like in the car park of Roland Kerr College when he realised I'd shot the cabbie, is oscillating between astonishment, confusion and interest. It's almost like he is seeing the
His training forced into the background the hum of his own body at the recognition of how plump and soft the lips captured beneath him were. He ignored the fire skittering along his nerves at the sensation of Sherlock's long, violinist fingers playing a frantic tune across his shoulders, neck and the back of his head. With practised discipline, he'd boxed it, categorized it, and shoved it firmly away as not relevant to saving the life before him. He was accustomed to doing this with any stray thoughts and emotions during a crisis.
“I didn't get you anything for Christmas,” he finishes quickly as he looks up at John, head tilted slightly to the side and a timid smile on his lips. John pauses a moment and then bursts into laughter, leaning further back.
And if it so happens that my cleaning up of the mess comes as an inconvenience or irritation to Sherlock, all the better. Serves the prick right for being unable to muster anything more than indifference to my existence and only responding in vaguely disinterested hums or blunt, monosyllabic retorts to any of my efforts to engage him.
Sherlock says nothing. Instead, he stares blankly at me, unmoved by my unspoken plea for solidarity in the face of
Sherlock narrows his eyes on her, trying to discern her knowing look, but she turns away and slips back into the rows she’d emerged from. Sherlock looks down at the note. He takes a deep breath and opens it.
“Good! You’re finally asking the right questions.” Sherlock says condescendingly, as he dramatically slams his hand into his glove. He then turns and flounces out like a pompadour, coat flapping around himself and head held high.
His insides are wriggling. Winding and unwinding. Unable to decide what to do. The tangle of emotions is overtaking him.
"John," she warns in the same vaguely annoyed and patronising tone she had during my first abduction. She seems so utterly bored by it all that I have to wonder how often her job entails this sort of thing.
“Stress and pain will do that to ya.” John’s hands tighten momentarily where they are steadying him on his waist, then relax. It’s just a brief, reassuring, squeeze but it makes warm, liquid heat flood through Sherlock and settle into his bones. He’s flushed all over now but some of the tension drains out of him.
The voice comes from above and in front of Sherlock. “Christ, get off him! He's having some sort of…
John looks over at the door, then back at Sherlock with his eyebrows raised in question. Obviously, Sherlock's has
Instead, I throw open the door and trudge up the stairs, fully expecting Sherlock to be seated in his chair, off in his Mind Palace and refusing to speak to me once again.
I am a dark cloud of fury when I storm out of Ella's office and turn to march towards home. However, I barely get two steps when a woman's voice pulls me up short.
“Yes, sir,” they reply quickly. One slips the red tag on Private McDonnell's toe as the other rushes to clear an operating theatre. The remaining nurse begins prepping the young man for surgery by cutting away his uniform.
” She brushes her fingers lightly over his bruised cheek. “That was you hurting yourself to punish him, wasn’t it?”
A contradiction on so many levels; a complex microcosm of beauty and resilience flourishing amidst the harsh, unforgiving sea of death. And sometimes…
Sherlock readjusts his stance and draws himself up, assuming an air of confident authority. He keeps his voice calm, low and void of all emotion; carefully modulated to that precise and commanding tone that always pulls John up short.
before… but I think with a little coaching, Miranda here, could be a good match.” Her smile has relief and something near gratitude for his shirking of Kellie’s blatant advances. “You’re good.” he says dropping his voice and putting a spark in his eyes. “I can teach you, if you’d like.” He puts a hand on her hip and she melts a little.
I turn my head to glance over at Sherlock and just catch him turning his face away and looking down. He isn’t quick enough to hide the momentary flicker of intimate pain over his features. I’ve only seen a hint of that expression once before, when he spoke of Mycroft's past betrayals.
“S’ok. not goin’ do anything. I'm not gay.” John’s eyebrows lift and his lips press together in an expression that looks amused and like it is trying
"Evidence." He clasps his hands behind his back and his expression is closed off: his spine straightens, and a hard, impassive mask slips over his face. "Evidence could have been washed away."
, you're not likely to remember one bit of this in the morning.” John gently peels Sherlock off his leg. Sherlock flops back on the couch appearing boneless, eyes still closed. John lets out a long breath of relief.
He doesn't get a chance to form a response. His door is pulled open and the same driver is standing there with the air of silent demand that he leave. Irene is completely engrossed in whatever she is doing on her mobile, scrolling and tapping away.
John retreats and Sherlock lies there for a moment clutching the bottle and blinking rapidly, trying to process what just happened. Is this real? A bottle of lube magically appearing when desired then John saying the perfect words… it seems like the work of his imagination.
“Ages.” Mycroft’s tone was flat and his face was utterly emotionless again as he held out the gun for Sherlock.
Just as I am beginning to think I might have to learn how to fester in my stoic misery, it all goes to hell. Like a slow motion train wreck, I watch life jump the tracks. And I'm the first to admit that I welcome that carnage as an old friend; a reprieve from too much time to think.
Then there was the Negging - the way Sebastian had casually undermined Sherlock’s usual confidence with insults. I hadn't seen this tactic since a fellow soldier in the army, Murphy, who swore by it as the surefire way to catch the attention of ‘the really hot ass’ by subtly making them feel like rubbish.
“No. No, this doesn't make sense.” Sherlock continues to look around the room as if he must have missed something. His lip is curled almost into a snarl and the way he is flexing his hands suggests he wants to rip the room apart with them.
Sherlock moves his hand to John’s chin. He has some stubble and the texture of it is interesting, more dense and coarser than his own; slightly more abrasive. He stares for a long time before he works up the courage to brush his fingers gently over John’s lips. He quickly withdraws, startled, when they part slightly. A tongue swipes out over the surface and John’s brow furrows.
“Ok.” He tries to radiate confidence and decisiveness. He cups Sherlock's face once more and tilts his chin up so that Sherlock's eyes can catch the dim light of the room. Sherlock's brow gathers in an adorable pinch over his nose for a moment, then his eyes slide closed and his whole face relaxes. His plump lips part slightly, as if in surrender to a kiss.
” Kellie, the blonde, leans into John, mashing her well displayed breasts into his side. “You could have cleaned us out, John. You’re a
“So?” John’s face is irritatingly neutral. He casts his hands a little distance from his sides, fingers spread in a questioning gesture; quietly demanding an explanation for their current predicament.
“You are more willing to be in close physical contact with me when you are angry. Therefore, I just need you so furious that you're in a state of impassioned madness; a temporary insanity.”
, it brings out the lighter blue colour of his eyes. He is also wearing jeans; the ones that fit him best on the arse. He doesn’t wear those often enough in Sherlock’s opinion, but he has them committed to memory. His feet are bare.
"Um… yeah… soak there a bit. Warm up. I'll be back in a few with dry clothes." He turns and walks out of the bathroom, calling back through the open door, "Try not to fall asleep and drown."
“Captain Watson.” A young woman with chopped black hair pulled into a tight ponytail and features pulled equally tight salutes Captain Watson’s back and stands at rigid attention. Watson straightens immediately.
It made you uncomfortable and I’m sorry for that.” John grimaces and rubs his palms against his thighs. His voice is getting quieter, his face darker.
He closes his eyes and then closes his lips tightly around John's fingers. He tentatively tastes at them, running his tongue over the swirls on the pads, learning his unique fingerprints as ridges against his taste buds. He snaps his eyes open in surprise when John moans low and loud. It's like nothing he has ever heard before. He realises that John is trembling above him, staring down with such an intensely conflicted look on his face that Sherlock freezes, everything inside him running cold.
looking for Sherlock after all? It's not until this moment that it finally clicks into place within John's brain that this might be Sherlock's father.
Sherlock looks over and John is staring back at him with a soft smile and a sparkle in his eyes. His tongue swipes over his lips and then he purses them and he looks a bit too much like he did when he asked if he could taste Sherlock's lips. Sherlock quickly looks away.
“Didn't read it, but I can guess what it says,” Stamford says with a small chuckle. “Christ, he was so afraid you wouldn't like the video - wouldn't come,” Stamford says quietly shaking his head.
In many ways Victor reminded John of Seb; he casually demeaned Sherlock’s abilities, as if they were ridiculous or annoying parlor tricks to be scorned and scoffed at. Unlike Seb, Victor looked at Sherlock with a certain smug possessiveness. His stare was hungry and predatory.
The man tilts his head, as if listening for something, but he says nothing. “Right, I think I'll just-" John reaches for the covers to get a look at the man's injury.
John lifts his eyes to Sherlock's face. There's a fond smile beneath the surface of worry. “Yeah. Right. Just bruised as far as I can tell...Icing them will help. Rest. Nothing too strenuous and nothing binding.”
In the end, despite of all his assertions to the contrary, it proves surprisingly easy to end things with Victor.
“God, Sherlock,” John gasps, horrified at the destruction of what is obviously a very expensive garment. “What…?”
Sherlock Holmes needs John Watson but even scarier for the detective is the realization the John Watson needs Sherlock Holmes.
that he is touching Sherlock's body so deliberately, in a way that is not at all chaste and while fully conscious of his actions, is beyond belief. Sherlock blinks into the mattress for a full minute before he at last manages to shake his head up and down rapidly. Then he crushes his eyes closed, breathes deeply and tries to stay removed from what is happening, like a scientific observer cataloging the exact sensations in detail.
John blinks up at him a few seconds as he comes back to himself. He is sitting on the pavement and Sherlock in kneeling in front of him. Sherlock's hands are gripping John's shoulders tightly, digging into his muscle, and he can feel the tremble in them. As he stares up into those silver blue eyes, he can’t quite connect to what has happened but his body figures out for him what to do next. He moves forward with open arms.
John's eyes travel slowly over Sherlock’s naked torso. Seated in his desk chair beneath the pool of lamp light, he can see each graceful line of Sherlock's back; the wings of his shoulder blades shifting beneath his flesh, and the corded muscles tensing and flexing as he turns to stare out the window. He can even discern the steady rhythm of his carotid artery pulsing in his neck, pumping blood through his veins. It's thrilling to be this close with a layer of Sherlock's armor shed. Yet, it's torture that John can't bridge the gap between them. He longs to kiss, to touch, to explore - as they had only begun to do that first night. He wants to slowly and gently take Sherlock apart and watch him come back together in new exquisite shapes. He wants to love the brilliant, beautiful bastard - tenderly and fiercely -  but they're so far apart now, with a vast chasm of misunderstanding stretching between them, that John isn't sure how to get things back to good.
“What the hell am I doing here?” I whisper to Sherlock and my voice seems far too loud bouncing around the sleek polished marble and too-bright decor of Shad Sanderson Bank.
“Oh,” She says stopping and turning to face him again. “Almost forgot. Told John I was going to talk to you about how I’d forgiven you and all that.” Her grin turns a little wicked as she tips her chin down. “Trust you won’t rat me out… you know… if you see him.”
It is a Thursday evening and he is bent over his microscope in a little pool of lamp light at his desk, with a pipette in one hand and a neat row of slides waiting to be examined, when a knock comes on his dorm room door. He ignores it at first, hoping whomever it is will go away. However, when the knock comes again, he sighs and puts down the pipette. He begins to grumble in irritation, when it occurs to him that it is likely to be the equipment he’d ordered, which he specifically requested that the delivery service not leave at his door (for fear it might get swiped). Oh, it's Christmas! A perfect gift right outside the door, waiting to be unwrapped!
“Alright. To your feet.” He wraps Sherlock's long arm around his own neck and holds on to it. He uses the thrust of his legs and the leverage of his shoulders to pull Sherlock to his feet. The drugged man makes a choked whimper.
it's locked. He can't jump out while they're moving. Outside the window the city is still crawling by. It's dark, wet, and unfamiliar but he's suddenly very desperate to be back out there rather than finding out where she plans to take him and what she expects him to do once they're there. He glances at the barrier between them and the driver, wondering if she's listening and what he'd need to do to get her to stop and unlock the door. The car shows no sign of slowing.
“I don't know how to do this.... what to do.” Sherlock's words come out dry and reedy; as if they are stuck in his throat. He stares at the wound intensly, but John gets the sense that they are talking about something
the idiot?” He has that annoyingly audacious smile curling his lips and sparking in his eyes. “Aren't you the one that said I can be ‘counted on to behave irrationally’?” John's smirk, half humoured playfulness and half challenging smugness, grows.
With eyes straight ahead on the path, he weaves his way through the dormitory building and out into to the crisp night. The campus is quiet as he cuts across the lawn with brisk and efficient strides, his coat flapping and fluttering around him. He is strong, his purpose is certain and there's no person on this earth that can shake him.
Why, Sherlock? Why do you do this to me?” Victor leans forward, resting his lips against Sherlock’s exposed neck. “You drive me
“You've gone through a lot, Sherlock. I can see that. I can see what happened today has you shaken. You're hurt and you don't know who to trust... You didn't do
What could not be said then, what could only be implied in those words, was being said now because this was John's goodbye. They'd come to the end. Sherlock was making the only choice he could. It was John's turn to take the fall and so Sherlock relinquished that truth to him now as the
Unfortunately, all his plans thus far have gone over about as well as a lead balloon. Still, he is nothing if not persistent.
I go to turn away and freeze when something catches my eye. There, on the counter, is a large clear container full of the exact same kind of lollipop that Artemis had been sucking on. I narrow my eyes on it and then dart my gaze around the room. An icy chill of foreboding traces down my spine.
Sherlock's eyes darken and he opens his mouth as if to speak to me but instead he turns to the secretary who has just placed the phone back on the receiver and is now directing her full attention at us.
John lets his breath out slowly. It seems like too large a question to face head on, so he side steps it. He softens his grip and eases back.
I shift and settle into a wider stance, stable enough to dodge or throw a punch. I tip my chin down so I can watch the other two in my peripheral... but, Mr.
“Come on... I’ve seen it work on you," John persists, "You  haven’t slept for days…” John’s steady pressure on Sherlock's leg is becoming more insistent now, and Sherlock can see no way around the disaster that is about to unfold, short of delivering a throat punch to John's larynx and making a break for the door. He contemplates this course of action for .03 seconds, but ultimately resigns himself to being turned onto his back.
..” His voice is hollowed out, but edged with bitterness as he assess the room. “I generally manage some of the more apparent symptoms through a combination of self-discipline and replacing them with more...
"Seb- " Sherlock begins, and I can't help but flinch at the familiarity - intimacy - in shortening his name like that paired with the tone. Apparently Sebastian's tactics are having an impact.
As I draw back into myself and refocus on the case, the space between us feels cold and thick with tension. We don't speak for the remainder of the ride to Van Coon's flat.
John's thumbs are making small circles against the thin skin on the inside of Sherlock's wrists that are pinned between them, reminding Sherlock how much John is in control of this moment.
"You want this," he repeats firmly, more like a command. His face is entirely in shadow, and yet I think I see the glint of his eyes. “Don't even bother denying yourself. You want this, John. That much is apparent."  He tilts his head down and stares directly at my cock, which has definitely responded to his attention and proximity; uncomfortably straining against the confines of the fabric.
“I -” Sherlock swallows. Stringing together a coherent sentence is clearly not an option. “John," he breathes and nods because that seems like the best alternative to speech. He hopes John can understand.
When Sherlock just glares back at him, giving no quarter, John nods and his tongue sweeps his lips. He searches Sherlock's face then lifts his chin and his eyes darken as his face hardens back into tenacious resolve.
Sherlock watches John's feet retreat out of sight. He draws in a shaky breath, lifts his hands, and stretches his fingers. They don't feel like his own. They aren't quite cooperating and they burn like fire as they thaw. He grits his teeth and tries them on the buttons of his shirt. It takes ages of fumbling with the slick plastic and too small fabric opening. He gets one undone but can't make his stupid fingers work beyond that. After the several failed attempts, he curses quietly and drops his hands in his lap, too tired to try anymore. He is slumped there, eyes closed and tilting to the side, when John returns. A hand closes on his shoulder, gently righting him.
“I hope you know what you are doing, John,” Sherlock says on a sigh as John turns him. His expression is naked as he looks into John's eyes. John blinks at him, fighting back the burning.
“Christmas day I asked you what you wanted most in the world,” Sherlock pauses, his eyes burning into John.
for an answer. It hardly seemed logical to continue in self-imposed celibacy when there was a warm and willing body to ease the ache.
I glance over and see Sherlock is on his phone, fingers flying over the screen. “All very apparent once you consider the expense of his shoes and the quality of his tailored suit - not to mention the new watch and the cuff links. He's practically a walking billboard for casual affluence to the point of opulence - which, I suspect, is the point of the whole display.”
We’d almost died, we would many times more, but it was never a question if I was willing to walk into hellfire and certain damnation with you. Nothing has ever made me feel more alive than you. I was always willing to lay my life on the line for you because living life without you would
"Obviously. I already established that," Sherlock growls. "But she's done something. Took something. She wanted me to know about your...
Sherlock watches it again and again, picking up the slightest nuances. His nose is nearly pressed to the screen of the absurdly large display TV as he watches John’s face, drinking in every flicker of emotion like he is dying of thirst. His chest aches and he can hardly breathe. Each time John’s face fades to black there is a split second of panic before the voice breaks through the darkness and Sherlock’s heart starts again. The video loops three times and then all the electronics flip back to their regular programmes.
!” Victor strikes him again, twice in quick succession, and Sherlock stumbles back a step. Victor steps forward; one hand fisted in Sherlock's coat and the other wrapped around the back of his head. He grabs a fist full of Sherlock’s hair and yanks down, tipping his head back.
Awareness of the intoxicating possibilities has lead to constant craving; like a irritating itch just under Sherlock's skin or a persistent, nagging whisper at the back of his mind. However, Sherlock had stopped cocaine and cigarettes cold turkey, so surely, with equal discipline, he can quit John. He'd gone without physical intimacy for so long. If he could just-
Sherlock had used to think that 221b Baker Street was his bolthole, his den, a safe nest away from the rest of the world. His sanctuary and home. As his lips touch John’s battered hands he knows that was never true; he had allowed Victor to come in and violate everything. Nothing had been safe, nothing had protected him. He had been wrong all along. John is his sanctuary, these broken hands are his safety and only when they are together is Sherlock home.
"Me? Don’t be absurd," he scoffs. His face is drawn in to be mocking, incredulous, and furious all at once. "I'm not the one charging into the jaws of the beast. Where is she? I know she's here." He shoves his damp fringe back, spinning a tight circle. His eyes scan everything in the room critically but they intentionally avoid John who is standing there holding the door open, dumbstruck by what he is seeing.
“Shhh. You're delirious. It's the drugs,” John whispers. Sherlock’s brow furrows but he doesn't open his eyes or move his head from where he is huffing warm breaths into John's shoulder.
I make a scoffing sound that I hope conveys my combined frustration and contempt over his efforts to keep me in the dark. I turn away before I do or say something (else) stupid.
Twenty two separate blows. Somewhere in London John’s hands are covered in blood. Behind closed eyes Sherlock can see in slow motion the muscles of John’s back shifting under his shirt as he lands blow after blow to Victor with focused and brutal fury. At the time he had just watched, certain he had already died or fallen unconscious and slipped into that dream where John always comes to save him.
The video is shaky, likely taken on a camera phone, but still decent quality. The first frame is frozen a moment; a too close-up of a face, slightly out of focus, dark blue eyes with flecks of gold, warm brown skin, light blonde lashes, brow furrowed in concentration before everything blinks into motion.
knows all his secrets - his insecurities and mistakes. He knows how many times it has been a matter of luck or John’s unexpected intervention, rather than any genius on Sherlock’s part, that saved the day.
Still, this is Sherlock. Sherlock, who is obviously in some sort of distress to come bursting into his dorm in the middle of the night. He blows out a long breath and forces himself to be patient with him. He lifts his gaze to study him a bit. He hadn't thought he'd see Sherlock again after getting left at a crime scene by him. He can't help but be relieved that he's ok and that he's come to John's dorm, even if he's in a tizzy and not making much sense.
She pauses but doesn't try to wait me out. She knows from experience that that's not a strategy she can win with against me. She's accustomed to me shutting down when it comes to sharing uncomfortable things (which is pretty much
He pushes open the door and steps inside, his body tingling with anticipation and fear. The stairs loom before him like the last mountain he must scale on an arduous expedition and he feels strangely empty; those cancerous emotions bled out but now he is left hollowed and waiting for something new to fill the void. He stands there, naked, nothing but his raw, fragile, newly resensitized form to set against the gift John has given him.
“Sherlock,” he breathed as calmly as he could manage. He was alarmed at how this somewhat innocent situation had evolved and what he had been doing to his friend in his half-conscious haze. His heart was pounding erratically and his breathing was rapid. He waited with every muscle tensed as he tried to determine if Sherlock was awake and prepared himself to handle his reaction.
of disinterest. "Be that as it may,” he continues much more smoothly, shutting the file and tucking it back in place. “It is a matter of utmost importance that he focus his attention on this.” His eyes fix on me. “After all...
Sherlock turns slowly and folds his arms over his naked chest. He crosses his ankles, leaning so he is sitting against the edge of the desk. He lifts his chin and looks down his nose at John.
- that he did all this just so a little girl that he's never met gets the chance to have her freedom, live her own life, and choose who she loves.
“Hardly any pupil constriction,” John mutters, “You’re pretty bloody high.” He presses two fingers in the crook of that long, pale neck where the hard jaw meets the throat, seeking a pulse. Sherlock's heartbeat seems steady, though elevated.
” John’s voice drops lower, all smooth and rough on the edges, like raw silk. “You’re bloody gorgeous. Could look at you for ages. Can’t make myself
“We’re done now,” I say, voice so low it is almost a growl and it is, without a doubt, a threat. Mycroft lets the silence hold; a show of power to remind me who is in control here.
- fragile like a bomb; wound up tight, emotionally battered, and on the cusp of cracking wide open - with explosive results. "I'm fine."
"I want this," I growl, lunging forward and winding my arms around him to pull him back down on top of me. I thread my hand up around his head and yank it down to capture his lips again in a ravenous kiss. It's hot and intense, quenching and igniting. His mouth swallowing all my heated moans as I skim my hand down and grab a hand full of his plush arse to hold him in place so I can grind my hips up into him. I want to ravage him - take him apart - keep my promise from that first night to make him beg. I'm mad with it. But then my brain begins to flicker back online again, like a computer rebooting.
miscreant.” Sherlock still has his arm lifted and his back to me as he looks down the street towards an approaching taxi.
He can feel the tears pricking the back of his eyeballs, blurring and stinging. He closes his eyes but John is not there either. Of course he can’t hold onto the fantasy of John when he knows for certain that it is never a possibility. He is not a fool.
"This is why you've come to me." There's something off about his tone. Something harder and colder in him that makes me uneasy. He tilts his chin up with the raw heat of challenge in his eyes.
He looked up at Sherlock, running his eyes along the curve of his spine; too prominent even through the sleep clothes and housecoat.
“Right,” John tips his head to the side and studies him skeptically, leaning back a little. He can’t tell where this is heading. Sherlock seems like he wants
The agonizing stillness and silence stretched around John with no change from his companion below. At last he took a deep breath and pushed himself up to gaze down at Sherlock. The flat had fallen dark, and the pale, thin brunet stretched out on the couch, deep in sleep looked so serene dappled in the faint orange light from the street lamps.
and I was -" John stops and looks down, tongue swiping over his lips as he seeks the right words. "I could see where things might go and - I didn't want - well I
Skin is slithering, pulsating, attempting to detach itself and slip free of Sherlock's body like some creature made separate; rebelling against what it is inextricably bound. Those undulating waves of sensation course through him, ebbing and flowing like the ocean; skating the thin edge between pleasure and pain as he is unmade.
“I'm making breakfast,” John offers. Jarred from his thoughts, Sherlock blinks repeatedly and wraps his housecoat tightly around himself.
going to enjoy tonight because the universe has been dealing him crap for years now and by his estimation owes him a good turn for once.
when he had introduced me to Donovan at the crime scene. And it does seem as if we are pretending that we are the same as we were
"As I recall," I say, briskly striding over to the fireplace and snatching up the feather duster. "You are
A warm shiver curls up his spine at the memory of that predatory look on Sherlock’s face as he prowled towards him. It was wild fury and smoldering frustration... But, for a fraction of a second, there was a flicker of
That odd heat settled lower in his abdomen and suddenly he knew exactly what that feeling was building towards and what he would do if he let instincts take over.
title…" Her eyes are narrowed and fixed across the courtyard as she puts on some pink tinted chapstick. She slides the chapstick into her pocket and throws her shoulders back. "Though, not sure how much longer Sherlock's going to hold onto to his title as
Without really realizing he’d always been waiting for something, in that instant, like switching the lens and seeing the same thing made anew by powerful new optics, he could see his life in sharp focus and knew he
"Not here," Sebastian says whirling around on Sherlock with a dark glare. "Discretion, for Christ's sake. Do you ever learn?"
The thought had sprung up in the back of his mind as Sherlock had pulled him down onto himself that first time.
TO DISCUSS!” Sherlock is the one shouting now and the words rip through him bodily with such force he is hunched forward with his fists clenched in front of himself, trembling with the venomence of his fury.
This morning, when I shuffled down the stairs, it was only to stumble upon the odd sight of Mycroft and Sherlock silently glaring at each other in the sitting room. Still as statues, the two brothers were almost a perfect mirror of each other’s positions and posture as they sat facing each other before the unlit fire. There was a distinct chill in the air between them.
I narrow my eyes on her back and watch her slow retreat down the stairs. I don't unclench my fists until I hear her door shut below. I walk back to the couch and sit down. I reach for the file and only hesitate a moment before I flip it open and begin reading it. After all, if Sherlock had no qualms about invading
I'm bracing myself for the worst when I at last creep into the bedroom and find Sherlock hunched over, peering at a man that is lying very still on the bed.
is what concerns me the most. You missed the most obvious requirement for the deception and that speaks volumes to me. I don’t know who did this to Victor Trevor but, from what I can see, it seems like he probably deserved it. It was him that did this to you wasn’t it?”
John isn't sure what to do with this. He pats Sherlock's head uneasily, trying to sooth him. He stares down at the mess of black curls and the long, lean body clinging to him desperately and feels a deeply buried emotion rushing up to overwhelm him. Just before he nearly does or says something stupid, he takes a deep breath and beats it all back with reason.
Sherlock let's a little grin curl his lips at John's corresponding retreat when he advances another step. It's much easier to feel like a predator when John is acting like prey.
“She really did a number on you, yeah?” John remarks glancing towards the window Irene Adler has just disappeared through. He pulls out his torch. He shines the light in Sherlock's eye, then points it away and brings it back. He tries the other eye, then sighs.
The room is suffocating. Airless. Watson slowly draws his hand away, braces himself with his fists against the cold metal table and hangs his head. “He's gone,” he mutters down at the table, shock and pain edging into his tone.
His gaze follows the IV tube running into his left arm up to the IV pole and he studies the bags of fluid hanging there. He makes a contemplative sound in the back of his throat.
“Not always.” John smiles knowingly and Sherlock hates him a little for it… wants to throw him against the wall and shove his tong-
“Ow,” Sherlock hisses and grips John’s shirt tighter (inadvertently pulling him forward) when John's fingers hit the sore spot on the back of his head.
John waited and waited and it became more and more difficult to pick up the phone or simply show up at the door of 221B. His doubts grew.
John turns his hands with his palms out and affects a small shrug. "Why not?" He takes a step forward and adds, "Curiosity. Company. Make sure you don't get worse." He says it like Sherlock can choose whichever excuse he'd like, which only makes Sherlock wonder what John's real reason is and why he won't say it.
The fear and hysteria were startling to see on his companion’s usually enigmatic face. As Sherlock thrashed around, trying to free himself from his body’s efforts to convince him that he was dying, John's mind naturally slipped into that
anyways - he said she started out all sweet then turned vicious when he didn't seem interested in getting married right away. Tried to make him believe she was expecting and he was the father. Did a number on him... At least I'm honest about what I am.
Sherlock rolls his eyes and huffs. “Hardly, John.” His eyes rake over his flatmate from head to toe. “And we both know you haven't much better.” The sharp edge of irritation in his tone isn't all put on this time. What Sherlock purposefully redacts from his retort is that he is well aware that John is wearing what he considers to be among the best of his shirts because he, in fact,
“Yes to your proposal,” Sherlock says staring at John’s lips. John narrows his eyes, looking off to the right and searching his memory for some ‘proposal’ he’d made to Sherlock.
Sherlock's eyes are pressed closed and his lip is quivering. The minute John spreads his fingers along the scalp, a long, low growl works its way from Sherlock's chest to his throat and vibrates there. John can see Sherlock biting his bottom lip shut, but the sound keeps growing in volume as John flexes his fingers, methodically checking the surface of Sherlock's head for bumps or wounds. As John nears the back of his skull, Sherlock is shaking all over, eyes crushed closed and panting. At last, Sherlock seems to surrender all his efforts at restraint.
“Right.” John’s smile drops away, he adjusts his stance and moves into a military parade rest, with his hands clasped behind his back and his chin lifted. “What is it then? Tell me the plan.”
As he hails a cab, I'm grinning. I'm practically drunk both with the thrill of his display of mental prowess and all the possibilities awaiting me now that our battle has resumed. A cab pulls up immediately, we climb in, and Sherlock provides the cabbie the address of the flat.
can do.” He looks up at the person behind the camera from under his lashes, his expression uncertain and anxious.
“Right. Be there in two.” His voice is firm and authoritative. It reveals nothing of the grief and doubt flooding him moments earlier. Yet, the figure can see how that pain still lingers on the edges of the Captain's dampened aura.
” The warmth and pressure of John’s hand is gone as he gestures sharply between their chests. “What we’ve done…” He gestures towards the bed. “You can't really expect you can simply-” His hand drops and it clenches into a fist, his words grind to a halt as if he's shut off a valve. His eyes narrow in that way Sherlock knows means that John thinks the rest is plainly understood.
Sherlock hooks his fingers in the center flap of John's button down shirt and rips it apart so violently that buttons go flying like shrapnel.
“Going to get me sectioned,” Watson mumbles, scrubbing a hand down his face. He refuses to glance at the empty corner
It's probably just a coincidence. I mean, it's quiet a leap from the fact that both Mycroft's PA and the clinic had the same kind of lolli to taking that as evidence that there is some elaborate conspiracy to try to strategically nudge me into a pre-determined position. I can almost hear what Ella would say about such paranoid conspiracy theories. Still, the rest of the way home I can't help but scan my surroundings. My skin is crawling with the certainty that my every move is being watched.
Sherlock takes a deep breath to steady himself. That something in his stomach that was doing somersaults has now spread out like an octopus, its tentacles reaching out and pulling Sherlock’s insides in on themselves so that they are aching painfully. He feels certain if he can make John smile that ache will go away.
He can’t think about this too much - can’t let John overthink it either. Just bodies; friction and heat, excretions and chemical reactions. Like the occasional meal or a nap to satisfy the biological imperatives of his flawed transport, he will take the bare minimum of what he needs to maintain function and then disregard it once again. Just
Fingers against his wrist make him snap his eyes open. Andy has a tentative hold on his right hand and is pressing the note into it. He meets Sherlock’s eyes with a smile of gratitude, as if Sherlock has somehow given him some measure of closure with SooLin. “Hurts, but-”  He nods at Sherlock with a small smile.
John’s hands do not shift on his knee. They stay perfectly still and his head tips slightly more into the light. Sherlock glances up and his heart flutters at the heat in the John’s stare and the proximity of his body to his own. A little shiver of cold uncertainty over his ability to handle the intensity of John's physical intimacy races up his spine. A queasy shifting feeling inside him and a swirling sensation in his head makes him sink back a little.
“Don't be absurd, John,” Sherlock pants, voice breathless but still replete with irritation. He is on top of John in what amounts to a rather fierce and somewhat askew embrace, limbs encircling him completely like an insatiable parasite. He lifts up just enough to bore a stare down into John’s eyes. “One time, John. It needn't mean anything at all.”
Sherlock draws back and a light has gone out in his eyes. "Then you're an idiot." He almost looks sad before he whirls away. But then he's speaking so rapidly that John can hardly keep up, and he's moving around the room with a kind of manic energy. "Eliminate the impossible and whatever remains must be the truth...She's a professional who deals in secrets. Exploitation only works if she had something that would negatively impact you if it were to be revealed and that'd have to be-"
“Really?” He leans forward, eyes sparkling with surprise and eagerness. “You'd be willing - it'd be alright if I -”
man… but you, you were a soldier then too… that never changes… Always a soldier and some form of healer. I thought for some time that, perhaps, it was a medicine you - Roman you - Justus - concocted… but the truth leaves something to be desired in the realm of scientific believability… I have come to the theory that immortality was yours before that day and you somehow… for reasons I will never know… chose to surrender it - or share the purest form of it - with me. It is the only theory I am unable to discount.” Sherlock fiddles with a pin on the wall, centuries worth of guilt swelling in his chest and making it hard to breathe. He clears his throat and presses on.
" My irritation is sparking into fury now. "He's just a flatmate. He's arrogant, rude, and self-absorbed. We hardly speak - ignores me most the time." I can't modulate the volume of my voice. It's increasing as I reach my emotional boiling point. "I'm really
“You aren’t listening,” Sherlock’s voice is flat, surprisingly calm given the beating he is taking and the threatening vehemence seeping from every syllable of Victor’s words. “It is only logical that I will have to leave-”
“Alright there?” Lestrade asks. Sherlock nods, not trusting his voice. He drops his hands and scans the room where they’d found the woman in pink, Jennifer Wilson.
Sherlock wavers; rocking slightly on the balls of his feet. John is leaning forward, his sharp eyes traveling over every inch of exposed flesh with a heat that makes him feel weak. He had faced a great many things without the smallest twinge of fear but standing there, as near naked as he has ever willingly been with another person and intent on seeking physical intimacy, it strikes at something deeper and rawer than all those other situations. The potential for devastating rejection has not been so potent for years. Facing this level of vulnerability and his own potential shortcomings has always been too overwhelming and terrifying to even consider. Or at least it always had been until the moment he realised invulnerability came with the cost of
John clears his throat and looks away. “Indian?” His voice is deeper than usual and frayed on the edges.
Captain Watson pulls back his hands and looks down at the patient whose shoulder he has been carefully repairing. It is delicate work since the shrapnel has been lodged dangerously close to the subclavian and brachial veins. He narrows his eyes and looks at the monitor where the heartbeat continues to peak and dip in a steady pattern. Nothing has changed about the vitals, and
“Um… hello?” John says, as he dares to edge forward. The minute he steps out from under the awning he is back to hunching to keep the rain off his neck
He is only two and a half metres away when the doors to the elevator slide open and Sherlock steps out. He seems as though he intends to sweep on past me with his usual indifference, leaving me to follow behind him, but something about me must catch his eye. He stops in front of me, an assessing gaze traveling up and down my body. Then, with narrowed eyes, he turns and darts his gaze around the room, pointedly glaring, as if in reprimand, at each of the three security guards as he picks them out.
“Not interested,” Sherlock answers in a tone that is quick and light. He slams the book shut with a loud snap as punctuation to his assertion. “I sent them a message,” he says firmly.
John’s face transforms from calm and clear to dark and menacing as quickly as a summer storm rolling in. His chest puffs up and his eyes flash.
Hopkins checks the notes in front of her. “You confessed at the scene. You told the arresting officer it was
Before John could form a proper objection, Sherlock admitted, in his off-handed and round about way, that he was neurodivergent and then everything came into focus for John. Asperger’s made so much sense to John, given Sherlock’s obvious strengths and weaknesses.
He quietly slipped back into the sitting room and stood gazing down at his softly sleeping companion.
“Even you can’t get waved past that amount of security with only your name and your charm.” It's meant to be a bit of a teasing jab at his general lack of niceties and it lands as well as can be expected. In response, Sherlock’s lips twitch up into a slight smirk.
Sherlock shifts back and blinks around, his mind running over John’s final words and trying to decipher it.
Sherlock’s eyes flick back up to his and their green-blue depths are child-like in how innocence and lost they have become. “This is
His heart plummets into his stomach. He squeezes his eyes closed and violently shoves down on that swell of pain. He opens them again and forces himself to look straight ahead and to keep walking.
and how they are impacting your attention are precisely what I am forced to take time from my own pressing duties to address, brother mine.”
to save me. Lost everything. Drove him away.” Sherlock makes a dismissive gesture as his eyes flash hot and he is leaning forward now, words gritted through a slightly disjointed and clenched jaw in a way that must be painful.
In this moment, Sherlock knows he is so fucked. There is no possible way he is going to survive this. This is an invasion and Captain John Watson takes no prisoners.
Finally he feels his own fingers, wrapped around the base of John, come flush against his cheeks and he nearly cries for joy. He can feel all of John. Every centimeter of him is throbbing inside him and even as he teeters there on the edge of overwhelming pleasure and pain; he wants more.
The guilt swells inside Sherlock's chest for what his jump from the roof of Bart’s had done to everyone. He tightens his jaw. “I had to.” The exhaustion from carrying the burden of all that guilt, all their pain rests heavily on him. He is forever bound to it, like an anchor round his foot as he struggles to keep himself above the surface of the shifting waters. “I was protecting him-”
"Oh, I know precisely who you're talking about." The tension that was in the air before instantly disappears and her body language softens. She touches a spot on the interior of the cabin near her calf and a little compartment door pops open to reveal a mini fridge. She pulls out water and offers it to John. He  shakes his head back and forth, a little puzzled by her sudden and complete shift in demeanor. She drinks and then sets the bottle aside, turning her eyes back on him. “So, Sherlock told you about me?”
He usually dismisses such dark musings as the byproduct of an overworked and battle-weary mind pulling tricks on him.
“So I gather.” Mycroft’s words are heavy, an edge of reprimand in his gaze. “Nothing more?” He grimaces as he places the cup back in the saucer, obviously displeased with the flavor or, perhaps, it has gone cold. He keeps his eyes on the teacup, his fingers delicately tracing the rim. The only tension is in the corner of his eyes. “Anything I should be made aware of?”
John opened his eyes and Sherlock appeared harrowed, frazzled and more frightened than after he had seen the Hound. His whole body trembled, his eyes wide and his mouth still open. Once again, John felt like the bomb in the room; strapped with the emotional equivalent of 20lbs of semtex. It was clear he was not getting out of this alive, and equally clear that he was the
have, John,” Sherlock spits bitterly. He doesn't mean it to be so harsh but it is sharp and cutting. John sucks in a breath and lets it out slowly through his nose, face seeming to crumple beneath the deeper truth of those words.
John can’t help but smile at the coy response. Of course Sherlock knows exactly when John saw him since his reaction to catching John watching him had been to immediately leap over the table and sprint into the building like a startled woodland creature. Sherlock is apparently determined to downplay the incident and John won't press him on it.
“Come on, then. Lie flat,” John encourages. His hand is warm and firm as he flattens his palm against Sherlock’s outer thigh. Sherlock stares at the hand. It feels like it is searing through the thin layer of fabric, branding him. That electric prickle is racing over his skin again, making him want to squirm. He shuffles his feet together to try to dissapate it.
"I understand physical restraint to be a staple of what she does." He turns away, walking over to stand beside John's bed. He leans forward, placing his fingers on the edge of John's pillow, as if to balance himself ,as he focuses on an old photo of John with his mom and Harry that's hung on the wall.
"Sherlock, will you just let me-" It all happens so fast. John reaches to help Sherlock. Sherlock tries to dodge away from his grasp. They fumble. Sherlock nearly topples over backwards. John surges forward, grabs him by both shoulders to steady him. "Sherlock!" He's on top of Sherlock, straddling him. They both go still, just staring at each other, shocked by the position they're in.
"You contacted Mary." Her voice is full of deliberate patience. John pulls his gaze from the divider over to her, confused at how she knows this. She tips her head as if waiting for him to work it out.
John pauses, sitting back a little, then he smiles and makes a quiet snort. He fishes his phone out of his pocket and begins typing in earnest.
“I don't know a thing about what's going on here, Sherlock; where this is coming from, what this is about, where this is going-”
Finding him suitably unawares, Sherlock takes John's right hand and lifts it to eye level. He inspects it carefully. In spite of being shorter and thicker than his own, he finds the fingers have a sort of delicacy that lends itself to intricate work; a surgeon's hand, made to move with swift precision. The skin is surprisingly soft, it is meticulously clean and he has well-trimmed, healthy-looking nails. Obviously John cares for his hands with the fastidious attention that one pays to a valued tool.
Sherlock barely contains a shudder. He breathes out slowly and closes his eyes, but quickly finds that that's much worse. In the quiet intimacy of the bedroom, he can hear every hush of fabric mingled with their overlapping breaths. He suddenly doesn't remember how to breathe normally and becomes afraid he might hyperventilate. His eyes pop open and he watches John's mouth; trying to match his breathing. A sharp spike of panic shoots through him to consider that they've hardly begun and he's already falling apart.
Then slowly it transformed. The thing he was measuring became hot flesh and smooth skin. He realized it was Sherlock and his mind struggled to graft his previous endeavor onto this new canvas.
“Your fight is over, Billy,” it says somberly and sternly. “There is nothing more to be done here. The vessel is too broken... You
John sucks in a deep breath through his teeth, obviously displeased - which is a small thrill to Sherlock. “Right.” He stands up and reaches for the hem of Sherlock’s shirt. “Let’s get this off then. Arms up.”
“Right.” Wilkes drops his hold on Sherlock's arm and takes my hand to shake it. I force myself to smile like a normal bloke that isn't visualising how easily I can break at least five of his bones in under twenty seconds.
Sherlock’s shoulders slumped as he looked down. His fingers tightened around the gun still in his hand. The Game Master taunted him, saying he would only punch in the final number of the disarming code after Sherlock made the choice;
Sherlock brings his hands up, they spread on John’s chest and stay there for only a second as Sherlock presses harder into him. Then he shoves John away with surprising force. John stares at him, stunned. Sherlock turns towards Victor.
when he was rapidly laying out his reasoning during the ‘iocaine powder’ scene and then pointedly looking at Sherlock when the man in black revealed the poison was in both cups may have cemented movies as having some value beyond pleasure.
Sherlock hits rock bottom but someone unexpected is there to help lift him up. He has begun to slowly turn  his life around when a very
John hesitates a moment, oscillating on the pavement, then he turns away from the door and crosses the street heading towards the underground. He watches until the compact figure disappears, then he starts the mental countdown clock;
However, subtly over weeks and months of driving, the car required a bit more space, a bit more time, a bit more distance between it and the car in front of it to safely stop. It all progressed so quiet and unobtrusively, requiring only a little more of him each time, that he did not give it any thought.
Sherlock steps back, eyes going wide in horror, as they drop to stare at John's shadow slipping under the door, like an intruder that intends to invade, no matter what Sherlock does to try to prevent it. He twists to look at the room behind him. His eyes find the window. For a solid minute, he has the wild thought that he could bolt for the window, dive through it, climb down the fire escape, run across the lawn, and never look back. He has it all mapped out in his head. Between work for Mycroft and NSY, he has just enough knowledge and connections to live on the lamb for several years. Not exactly an
“Ready?” Asks Stamford’s voice from behind the camera. Gary looks over at Billy who pops over next him, smiling brightly.
“Ok…” His voice is calm and even and his gaze is steady. “Well, it's just a natural body function. Not like I haven't seen my fair share as a doctor.”  He offers a small, strained smile that is all remote professionalism. Sometimes Sherlock admires John's ability to assume these past roles but, in this moment, Sherlock hates it - the disconcerting disconnect from everything
As it is, Sherlock can feel the tension threaded through Mycroft’s every gesture. An irritation and strain that is worn in the pinch of Mycroft's eyes, the slight downturn of his taut lips and the set of his eyebrows. That any emotion at all is detectable in the tightly controlled and emotionally detached panjandrum, is a mark of how serious the issue must be. It only heightens Sherlock's own trepidation; a feeling neither familiar nor enjoyable in the least.
“Whether I am ready or not, you've been more than fair,” Sherlock says with a slightly amused smile. John tilts his head in puzzlement; not missing the reference but failing to understand what Sherlock means.
“Yeah, alright.” John nods and his head tilts to the side as he looks up at Sherlock. There is a small, sympathetic smile curling up the corner of his lips and softening his eyes. “Right… That’s good. I mean, not
“Going now,” he manages to say. He feels more than he hears the gasp; the thin body against his own jerking and tensing. His vision has already faded to black.
a comfort but it does nothing to dull the now familiar hollowness and constant agony. He is growing more certain with each passing day that
They both move at the same time, meeting in the middle as he stoops to embrace her. “Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock breathes, his voice trembling. She clutches him tightly then pulls back, grabbing him by the shoulders to look him over. Her eyes are full of tears. Her expression incongruently stern.
the fairytale. Love is the weakness; the virus that brings down the system. I am their destruction and they are mine. Victor is just the last of them; I loved him once and now Victor will destroy me. And that's the way it ends - the way
Sherlock lifts his arms and lets John pull his shirt off over his head. Pain surges through his ribs, and he has to breathe deeply to get through it, but the moment that John settles in front of him again he locks him in a scathing glare that makes it clear that he expects an answer.
to ignore John's hands on his shoulders steadying him whilst he unfurls his limbs and prepares to get to his feet.
John's hands flail momentarily, grasping at air, before settling on Sherlock’s shoulders. He is trying to talk, but Sherlock's tongue flickers in a feather-light sweep against his lips. Then he gives a forceful prod in that way that always made
about my past experiences or current emotional state). After a few moments, she continues in a different direction; circling around to try to get at the problem from another side.
John blinks at him a full thirty seconds before his brain finally catches up and realises he's the target of that wrath. Somehow, he's once again made Sherlock wounded and angry.
"John," she sighs, setting her notepad aside and leaning forward with elbows on her knees. Her face is full of practised compassion and concern. “I'm not saying that a man who you’ve referred to on your blog, as
“Sherlock.” John's voice is every bit an army commander about to hand down some discipline to a lowly recruit giving lip. Sherlock focuses on this, the effortless authority and notes of expectation for compliance in John’s voice. Oddly enough, it steadies him. The whole situation feels out of control and he feels out of his depth, but John
He jumps, like a tetchy cat, when he feels a touch to his leg. It is just a light tap from John's gentle and familiar hands, but it's so unexpected that Sherlock is left with goosebumps, and a difficult to resist urge to shudder.
“Miranda! John! Come on! It’s too far to walk in these bloody heels,” Kellie shouts, gesturing wildly. Miranda moves towards her, glancing back at John with a small frown.
“John,” he growls sternly, prepared to use whatever means available to prod him to action. He is shamelessly wiggling and thrusting up against John's weight to encourage the abandoning of any remaining barriers.
A nurse switches it off and suddenly the room is eerily quiet. There is only Watson’s laboured breathing. He tries for a few seconds more, blood slicked fingers scrambling with clamps to find something, anything, to keep the young boy from bleeding out. His eyes lift and harden.
seriously. I'm not going to let you flounce off and turn these injuries into serious permanent damage."
seemed to hover around him. Consciousness ebbs away, slowly retreating like the tide clinging and swirling in little rushes against the sand. The edges between thought and dream begin to blur.
"Not your usual nightmares?" It's more a statement than a question. We both know I've grown somewhat accustomed to the torture of my PTSD invoked nightmares. I wouldn't have returned if it was
Sherlock nods his head, understanding her reasons. “Couldn’t risk it. Caring. Being bound to you. Too dangerous.”
Sherlock's sits in the hard plastic chair and rocks back and forth, movements so small they are imperceptible to anyone watching him but enough for Sherlock to find them soothing despite the way it makes his backside and ribs ache. The rhythmic movements chase away the words etching a groove into his mind, swirling and swaying. Each time he captures them and pins them down, they ease out of his grip and begin their looping journey once again:
I can almost feel the energy thrumming off him from my position by the door; a sort of quiet, smug satisfaction at having had a good physical row. I shift uneasily, my own unresolved tension crawling like fire ants beneath my skin. I could really use a physical fight about now. I am itching for it, really. I'm quite tired of this shadow boxing of digital terrorists and puttering around while feeling invisible in my own flat.
...” That seems to be the extent of coherent words Stinson is capable of stringing together in his current state of exhaustion and seconds after he trails off his breathing becomes thick and steady with sleep.
“Yeah. Still learning." John takes the verbal jab with a good-natured shrug and grin. Sherlock's eyes roll away and his jaw sets once more.
He finds himself unexpectedly suspended; his mind grinding to a halt at the fascinating discovery that there are breathtakingly resplendent flecks of brown and gold set against the deep blue of John's irises. He struggles to process how John can be hiding the beauty of the chemical reaction of zinc reacting to copper sulphate in what always seemed to be simple, cobalt blue eyes.
Sherlock gives a sharp nod of confirmation but he continues to watch me closely with his brow furrowed in the middle, as if I've done something puzzling. I glare back at him as I slide the safety on and lower my gun. Surprisingly, he's the first to drop his gaze.
“Are you certain?” The figure tilts its head as if doubtful and Billy stops and nods, his expression going soft and wistful.
He was tumbling; plummeting into his own personal hell. Then he was looking into Sherlock's eyes. Everything was understood. Sherlock always understood him. He saw him when everyone else looked away, looked through him.
I pause for a moment, rubbing a finger over my lips and looking out the window. Do I really want to press the issue? He’d said that protectiveness can only mean that I believe he’s mine to protect, and I can’t deny that I am feeling irrationally protective of him at the moment... but I don't think he'll appreciate or tolerate that sort of sentiment now. He’s a grown man - a highly capable and dangerous man. Yet, when I recall that predatory grin that spread over Sebastian's face as he grasped Sherlock's arm and forced himself into Sherlock’s space, I can’t deny that it makes me a bit mental. I've got to know if there's anything going on there.
John snaps back to the present when a thoughtful hum vibrates through the air of the too quiet bathroom and he feels a tentative touch to the center of his chest. He opens his eyes, looking down at the top of Sherlock's curly brown head, crouched at chest level and turned slightly to the side. A thin, elegant finger is gathering in the texture of the curly, sandy blond hairs on John's chest. John clears his throat. Sherlock quickly retracts his hand turning away to reach for the gauze tape.
blood and even as he tries to recognize that decimated body as himself, everything begins to swell into a sensation so sharply painful it feels as if he can't breathe. He lets go and steps back from the table “Alright then.”
"I did think you were killing me,” Sherlock says quietly. He takes another deep breath and then the words are flowing from him so quickly that John can barely keep up. “It wasn't a panic attack. Or not
I clear my throat, embarrassed and disappointed in myself for the slip back into military mode. I clench and release my left hand, letting go of the anger, and then take a small step towards Sherlock.
“Of course it is your fault, John.” Sherlock quips as he eagerly presses into the first crack in John's unified front of control. “You instigated this and then failed to remedy it -”
Sherlock starts to object but sucks that air right back in with a sharp gasp when John leans over, his voice dark, thick and warm like syrupy pouring into Sherlock's ear.
John lifts up off Sherlock and then warm palms are grasping Sherlock's bare thighs where the robe has bunched up to expose the back of his legs. John’s hold is firm and confident as he pushes Sherlock's legs apart and settles on the bed between Sherlock’s thighs.
In the darkened stairwell, Captain Watson hunches with his head on his knees and both his hands spread over the back of his skull. He can't make himself small enough. He can't stop shaking. He can't stop the feeling that his own skin is going to split open and something wild and frenzied is going to crawl out of the shell.
Physically and emotionally drained, sleep overtakes him and he wakes eight solid hours later, curled in his childhood bed with that photo clutched in his hand. Afternoon light creeps lazily over a new world of possibility greeted by a surprising sense of renewal and excitement swelling within Sherlock.
.” He articulates each word as if speaking to a particularly slow child, which he knows she hates. However, she doesn’t take the bait or appear at all deterred. She waits, lifting a perfectly groomed eyebrow in demand. There is a reason she is so good at her night job. “You're wrong," Sherlock repeats and then lets out a slow breath and rolls his eyes heavenward before leveling them on her. "There was no
“I ha’en’t much to say. I speak through my artwork mostly. But did want you to know, it means somethin’ that you always appreciated my work… And you’ve been good to the homeless network... seen we’re worth something…
Wearing a cool mask of indifference, he strides out of his room, only pausing to whip around, yank the door closed, and lock it. Then he strides towards the stairs, purposely remaining oblivious to John's presence.
I jump. Sherlock has moved into the space and now looms over me. His voice is hard and full of cold demand and he is glaring down at me with his hand already out in the scant space between us. I reach for my phone instinctively before I stop myself.
For all that there is lips on skin it never strays into the libidinous. For all that there is naked flesh, it never becomes something fleshly. It is hushed and fragile, sometimes trembling with the emotion of the deepest wounds being exposed and the vulnerability of being truly seen. It is falling headlong into a trust that now, after all the pain and heartbreak,
become my life,” he mutters with a half smile. He looks around the flat, his eyes coming to rest on a drugged Sherlock. “I'm going to take a shower.” He hoists himself to his feet with a weary groan. He's about to step away when Sherlock suddenly lurches forward and grabs the fabric of his trousers at the knee.
There is only a brief pause to process this upending of the world before everything is moving again. John can't help the fit of giggles that overtakes him as he sprawls on top of this bony stranger, who is struggling to wrangle with his sheet and John. Long, smooth limbs flail wildly like some angry, albino giraffe.
"I wouldn't know," he says after a long moment. The words feel heavy in the quiet room. He waits a moment and then rolls over, putting his back to John and curling up against the wall.
John’s hips cease their maddening little circles and he leans down until his lips are breathing warmth into the cup of Sherlock's ear.
is chemicals attacking the brain like a virus attacks a computer; creating a simple yet dangerous processing malfunction that ultimately has caused the whole system to grind to a halt. Mycroft had warned that emotion is a useless distraction, a waste of valuable brain power, and here's the proof. Reason overthrown by sentiment - drawing the whole system into a redundancy loop - diverting it from its primary responsibilities of processing information to instead obsessively indulge in tangents of memory and sensation. It's a computer program with a hundred tabs open, and more popping up every second. The data keeps flooding in and, without any means to sort it, it just backlogs, slowing everything down. A continuous barrage of pop-up ads; blasting sound, and images, and flashing lights. The system bogs down further and further every second until it can take no more. The concussion merely exasperated the problem by damaging the already compromised system, thereby revealing the egregious faults. By deleting an essential file for effective operation, the system has become strained beyond its capacity in its attempts to find the missing information. The system has no idea what's missing. There's no means of recovery. It’s nagging. Irritating. Unsettling. Everything’s looping. Flashing. Spinning. There’s no place to start. Can't sort it. Everything keeps crashing. There’s so. Much. Distraction!”
"Alright," I concede, not really wanting to fight him on that point. I rub at my temple - the pain of its throbbing making it difficult to focus. "Well, he'd be a thousand miles away by now, wouldn't he? No
“Bit creepy, init?” Donovan says lifting her head and looking around. “Can’t imagine-” She steps closer and Sherlock instinctively draws back. She stops, tilting her head back a little and crossing her arms over her chest. “Right. Don’t blame ya.” She takes a step back and looks around. “God knows I haven’t been your biggest fan… I mean, I am responsible, in part, for how the Moriarty thing went down…” She shrugs, her mouth thinning. “Got played is all.” Shelooks down, shifting her feet against the concrete.
“Right,” John gives a tight nod and his lips purse on more words he refuses to speak. He looks at the bed, clearly considering what occurred there the previous evening. His only movement is the slight brush of his thumb rhythmically stroking against the side of his thigh just below the hem of his pant leg.
Silence is damning. Silence is impotence and resignation; a declaration that Sherlock is irreparably flawed beyond hope of salvation. A tortuous condemnation; a quiet scorn pregnant with John's guilt, shame and oppressive defeatism. Humiliation and the fear that he has at last done something that John deems
it says. John's jaw has tensed and his breathing is more forceful and deliberately drawn. Sherlock feels the tension building between them like the low hum of static between high power electrical wires.
John quickly withdraws his hand, holding up his open palms, “Sorry. It's alright. You're fine. Sorry. I know how you are about touch. I didn't mean to-”
” He gives three rough tugs to Sherlock’s hair and Sherlock’s head is pulled so far back he can only look at the sky now. He swallows roughly.
make enemies," Sebastian dismisses with that sharp smile, his eyes locked on mine. It feels like a challenge. I glare right back.
“You want to know what I was like when I was a lad?” John’s eyebrows raise. “I’m surprised you haven’t somehow deduced that already,” he says with a spark of humour in his eyes.
I wonder at the odd tone of his voice and his cryptic words as I bend over to look more closely at a new long, narrow gouge on the top of the kitchen table. It is a hard wood, so the cut was clearly made by a very sharp blade applying a lot of pressure. I run my finger along the cut and mutter to myself a quiet curse as I look across at him.
“John, I have watched you die more times than I wish to count. Always for me. You sacrifice yourself, no matter how much I try-” Sherlock’s voice breaks and he closes his eyes a moment to pull himself together and muster his courage for this painful truth. He opens his eyes and studies John carefully.
It's taking lives, and losing lives, and witnessing the devastation hollowing out the living in the moments in-between.
“Yeah, sorry… I’ve - I’ve just... remembered something... need to take care of it... I will catch up with you at the bar, Miranda.” He tries to smile warmly but he is already half turned towards the rising voice he is now certain is coming from the alley. He knows his excuse sounds weak and she likely thinks he is brushing her off. However, if that is Sherlock shouting then he may be in trouble and John could never walk away from
" ... and neither does my boss," Sebastian interrupts with a stern edge. "I hired you to do a job. Don’t get
“Oh, Sherlock,” she gushes, stopping just outside her door with her clenched and trembling hands brought together at her mouth, as if in prayer or to hold words in. Sherlock blinks, his mouth working in silent shock for a moment
Whoever the hell she was (the records never really said) and whatever he'd once felt for her, he had no illusions of
"Oh." John straightens, studying Sherlock who remains hunched over. He hadn't realised how sensitive Sherlock can be. Now, he can't help but wonder if one reason Sherlock has avoided intimacy with others up to this point is because he is so sensitive to physical contact that it can quickly become overwhelming to the point of uncomfortable. No one has taken the time to go at his own pace.
I was a soldier and I know what it is to protect and defend life. I know what I would have done if I had spent every waking moment protecting a little girl, only to see her family trade her away for the hope of gaining political power. The guard had to look into Kali's frightened eyes every day and know that that precious life was being cast aside. He had to see the devastating fate that awaited her. So, he ensured Kali escaped her destiny. He arranged a public abduction that would lead everyone to look elsewhere for her, and then found a way to secure her safe passage to freedom.
His whole body shudders for another reason as a long-buried memory emerges. He is transported back to being a young child, curled in his bed in the dark, silently weeping over the big yawning chasm of need in his chest - longing for connection and the simple comfort of loving arms wrapped around him or a gentle, affectionate touch.
He thrusts his hand forward, stopping just short of jamming his fingertips into my sternum. He glares at me, apparently not intending to say anything more. After a few long moments of silent standoff, trying to read his intentions and failing, I slowly draw my phone out of my pocket. I am about to place it in his hand when we are interrupted by the secretary.
She nods decisively, a brown locke from her perfectly styled hair straying across her forehead. “It’s a date, Sherl.” She winks at him and then turns to walk away, hips swaying and high heels clicking on the concrete as she clutches her fur cape.
There's no response. John steps forward, then stops himself from following after him. He'd assume he wants privacy in there, but the door doesn't close.
“Captain. Dr. John. Hamish. Watson.” He can feel the tears pressing against his eyes; the sense of falling, like when he jumped from Bart’s. He closes his eyes.
John’s behaviour in the last few moments of their intimate encounter clearly demonstrated that he would not look back on the experience fondly but, in time, Sherlock had told himself that that didn’t matter. Whatever insignificance or negative association it held for John, he would not let that redefine the experience
"Christ, I'm shit at this," John scrubs a hand over his face. "I'm getting it all wrong." John sighs and shifts his feet under himself. At last he squares his shoulders and lifts his eyes to look up at Sherlock. “I - um - I’m an idiot."
"Hmmm… why do you suppose that is?" When I Don't respond she pops her head out of the kitchen and asks, "Don't you wonder what goes on in that funny little head of his?"
I clench my jaw and am just about to push myself up to walk away when he sucks in a deep breath and looks around, eyes never quite finding me.
“Yeah, that's what I told myself too.” Donovan interjects huffing a laugh. “See, I was trying to protect him and hurt him,” she says softer with her shoulders sinking a little. “That’s all there is to it.” She fixes him with a pointed stare. “He forgave me though. He understood.” She waits, eyes expectantly fixed on Sherlock a long moment as if demanding some response. Sherlock shakes his head back and forth, not comprehending what she wants.
Sherlock’s head sags, a sullen expression settling over his lax features. John hoists Sherlock's arm around his shoulder again, grabs his waist and maneuvers them both to the stairs.
Sherlocks shoulders shake, something between a laugh and a sob, and he realizes there is a warm, wet path of tears down each cheek. He clutches his note and turns away from Andy, mumbling a thank you. Andy nods and leaves him quietly. Sherlock takes a deep breath before he opens the folded piece of paper.
The thought comes through from Captain Watson so startlingly clear and with such conviction that the figure sucks in a breath.
He could no more shoot Mycroft than he could shoot Sherlock. For all his pretending to despise his big brother, Sherlock needed Mycroft and cared for him deeply. Moreover,
The DI doesn’t seem to know how to take this compliment so he deflects by saying “Yes, well… we’re obviously looking at a suicide.”
Sherlock finally looks up. His gaze darts from John's outstretched hand to his face with such searing and savage contempt that John drops his hand and takes a step back.
“John.” He means it to be harsh and off-putting - a warning to leave it - but it comes out broken and like a plea.
with the occasional woman before; of this Sherlock is certain. John also enjoyed it, if his porn viewing habits are any indication. Additionally, John had found being pressed against Sherlock, like this, sufficiently arousing.
Dimmock, for his part, takes it with a surprisingly even temper. He just questions how Van Coon’s killer could have got into the locked bedroom.
Sherlock sighs heavily and looks at the floor. "I'm inadequately skilled for this task," he mutters bitterly. He shifts uncomfortably and fidgets with the medical supplies.
He hadn't intended to pressure his friend, he really hadn't. He didn't need or expect anything more than their comfortable companionship... but that night he had just recently given himself over to accepting his feelings for his friend and, with the buzz of alcohol in his veins making his judgement somewhat impaired, he had wanted Sherlock to know that things had changed -
Their first dinner together John had looked so flustered; the pink in his cheeks setting off the blue in his eyes as he leaned forward to look at Sherlock. Sherlock had felt the flutter of butterflies in his stomach at that look. He was trying so hard not to show it and not to appear as frazzled as he felt. He was terrified, to be honest. There was so much natural chemistry between them and Sherlock didn’t want to screw that up, didn’t want to even risk it by trying for more because there’d only been Victor and he couldn’t bear this glorious, bright, brilliant thing becoming
As the rotors pitch into high gear, everyone inside the helicopter freezes, as if the very marrow in their sun-baked bones has turned to ice. The hot wind grabs at straps and fabric, but all bodies are still and silent; breath held and waiting to see if they will be shot out of the sky by ground-to-air missiles.
Sherlock is so lost to his dark thoughts that it takes several moments to realize John is speaking, his lips close to Sherlock’s ear. His hot breath sends involuntary shivers through Sherlock.
"What?" John looks up sharply. She is gazing out the window, seemingly lost within her own thoughts as her finger traces condensation on her glass.
about me. I only grimace slightly but then put my hands on my hips as I level a stare at him, braced for attack. I expect him to pounce on that loose thread and try to dig out my truth. If it wasn't for this bloody headache I wouldn't have let that slip.
In this moment, it is irritatingly clear to me that the dark haired security guard would have been an unsatisfying substitute for who I
He awoke groggily, his first sensation being silky, soft curls tickling at his nose. Fighting consciousness, he inhaled deeply, taking in that warm scent that was so unique and yet had grown comfortingly familiar, like home. It felt natural to turn his head and bury his face further into those curls, nuzzling his nose against the soft shell of an ear and lips grazing faintly across a muscular neck.
“Yeah. I am. I really am happy out.” Her cheeks dimple as she looks away, nodding. “Writing a book now. Autobiography. I’ll send you a first run. Even sign it for you... for a price.” She winks and walks slowly towards him.
Sherlock grimaces, hearing the echo of those words from when John originally spoke them; when they’d tried (and failed spectacularly) at playing Cluedo.
“Sherlock,” I grab him, spin him around and push him back against the taxi. My hands are gripping his coat at the lapels and my body is pinning his.
I am glaring at her so hard my eyes burn. I want to yell at her - tell her to shut up - but that would amount to confirming her conclusions and I can't afford to do that. Instead, I take each word like little cuts - like it's only flesh - something I can detach from, box up and bury deep at my core letting that contained explosion center me, as it had through my ordeal in Afghanistan.
It appears he had been sexually excited that evening as well and he considers what might have been cause for his apparent arousal. It seems probable that unearthing
Sherlock sits back in the seat, dumbstruck. Shock pounds through him in waves of static. Gears grinds as they try to fit together.
I've not been invited but I am up on my feet chasing after him before I have a chance to stop myself. I can only hope that this is his way of saying he means to help me after all.
“The jump from Bart’s was not a trick, John. It was exactly as it appeared. I died. Yet, I am unable to remain so. I have no regard for my own transport because no amount of abuse will ever prove fatal to this body. I am trapped in this form…for better or worse… perhaps unto the end of the universe itself. Ageless, unable to wear the scars of this existence on my flesh, but you-” Sherlock stops, watching John stare at him, his face too shocked to display the internal struggle inside him to take in this information and rearrange everything he thought he knew. He moves to the bed and sits down next to John.
The figure lifts a hand and pauses the rambling and frantic man, stretching the moment so it can move in the spaces in between heart beats. It traces that thread of connection from Henry back to a woman; scraped and bruised, huddling over a cup of luke-warm tea.
Sherlock proceeds with his plan and lets a warm chuckle roll from his chest. He smiles down at the screen, thumb working in what would appear to be an effort at one-handed texting as he walks back to the couch. He sits down and pretends to hit send with his thumb. He sets the phone on the table, staring at it with a small smile just a moment longer than necessary before turning his eyes to the computer screen again.
It's not the machine's fault, but none of the humans I'd very much like to pummel were near at hand.
"Mycroft," I acknowledge, barely glancing at him as I take in the stately interior. It's subtle luxury; real leather, fine wood panels, and soft accent lighting - this must be Mycroft's
“This seems a better solution for all parties,” Sherlock says, spreading his hands palm up in a small gesture that he hopes will appear sufficiently contrite. It seems to suffice. John lifts his eyebrows and a slight smile hitches his lips up one corner of his mouth. He's obviously amused, but he thinks he shouldn't be.
Mostly just stand there while he calls us all idiots for not keeping up," I say, trying to downplay it. She makes a small sound (mostly of acknowledgement) as she scribbles something else on her pad. This time she is careful to keep the pad tilted out of view, but I recognise that little furrow in her brow and the way she's holding her lips. She's coming to a
Sherlock raises his head slightly to watch Hopkins enter the room. He watches her feet, a vague recollection of their previous encounter skittering across his awareness like a flickering bulb. He makes a single deduction; he is to be charged with attempted murder. They would not have sent a member of homicide otherwise. The scrape of the chair as she pulls it out grinds through his head and he raises his hands to cover his ears, realising his whole body is shivering. He closes his eyes tightly, bowing his head to shut it all out;
There is a man clothed in white, a surgeon. His hands are sweeping, plunging, pulling and stitching within a sea of red. Such carefully choreographed motions. He is an anchoring point, his golden blond head like the sun around which all the others are swirling. They spin away and glide back, joining in the delicate and precise interplay. All the immensity and complexity of the universe distilled down into this ballet.
“Don't,” he insists sharply, pressing his thighs into the meat of John's hips and locking his ankles behind John’s back to keep him in place. He just needs John to stay put until he can think of something to fix this.
John looks down and shifts his weight. He glances at the bed and rubs his hand over the back of his neck.
is dying. You are obviously not merely a body, William McDonnell.” The figure gestures at the young man.
. " John looks at him, mouth agape and eyes blank with confusion. He snaps his mouth shut and shakes his head.
“Nothing. Just left a little message.” Sebastian holds his security card against the reader by the door to unlock it, then leads the way towards the desk. He steps aside to let Sherlock get a better look. Hanging on the plain white wall behind the large desk is a framed painted portrait of a man in a suit; the late Sir William Shad himself, it appears. On the wall beginning to the left of the portrait and over the man’s eyes someone has sprayed what looks like a graffiti tag in yellow paint. The first part of the tag on the wall looks vaguely like a number 8 but with the top of the number sliced open, and above it is an almost horizontal straight line. Across the eyes of the portrait itself, another almost horizontal straight line has been sprayed. The yellow paint has run trails down the wall and over the painting from that indiscernible design.
“Don't be absurd, John.” Sherlock returns to facing the back of the couch, tracing the familiar pattern of wear with his eyes. John's reminder about the completely absurd assumption that Sherlock was plotting John's murder brings his mind back to the alley when he'd managed to pin John to the wall. He'd had to fight hard to overcome the urge to kiss him then.
for each day leading up to Christmas. Twelve in total, John.” It's all perfectly reasonable and logical. He makes this clear in his tone.
When Sherlock first sees it, playing everywhere at once like Moriarty’s video, a jolt of fear stops him in his tracks. It has been two weeks since John saved him in the alley and, though life is empty in some ways, D.I. Hopkins does make an effort to keep him busy. Therefore, he is returning from a discussion of a cold case over coffee when every bit of media switches to the same image. He rushes into a nearby electronic’s store and, with the image blazing from all the screens, he stands before the largest one and just watches.
Sherlock looks over his shoulder at him and lifts an eyebrow. "She's a dominatrix, John. Recreational scolding is her specialty." He returns to his inspection of the photo, now pointedly spreading his entire palm on John's pillow.
Some hours later, he comes back from the depths of his mind to find he is wandering the empty streets of lower London, his thighs and calves aching from the distance traversed and his lungs burning with the last drags of a cigarette. The weak light of morning and its promise of the typical flurry of people, with their intruding barrage of useless data, forces him back home to that empty dorm room, haunted by the absence of John.
, without putting Sherlock or anyone else they cared about in danger. He'd worked with Mycroft for six months putting into place a plan and then he had returned to her side on Christmas day with the intention of having her lead him to the remainder of Moriarty's network before she was locked away in a very dark cell for the rest of her days. They hadn't counted on Sherlock's own plans; going after Magnussen and then sacrificing himself. Then they hadn't planned on
"Here. I just…" John walks over to the desk beside Sherlock and places the key down on it. "You left it in the lock."  He turns and looks up at Sherlock. His smile holds gentle amusement but there's a torrent of other emotions swirling in his eyes; anxiety, concern, guilt. Sherlock doesn't understand it. It's too much and it makes his head ache. He looks at the door instead.
Sherlock grips the handle of the rolling case tighter, grits his teeth, and tries to walk more briskly. The flicker of the dim fluorescent bulbs pulses against his eyes and drills into his brain. He swallows down the rising wave of nausea, and forces his body to continue. It just needs to get him back to his own room. His stupid feet feel like they're made of concrete.
"You kissed him." It's not a question and it's not accusatory but John feels the weight of condemnation in it, as if she's saying that he started this and so must follow it through. He drops his hands with a sigh. The memory hurts now, only adding to that emptiness in his chest. He dips his head in a nod.
Sherlock stares down at John's golden head bent before his lap, John's tongue poking at the corner of his lip in concentration, his sturdy, competent, nimble fingers working the knot loose... and it's all
” She is practically purring, ignoring the eye roll from the curly, brunette friend hailing a cab and the hurt look from Miranda who is, no doubt, accustomed to Kellie needing to have all the men drooling over her.
“You're on a hell of a drug trip right now, Sherlock. You don't even know what you're saying and, thankfully
I look over at Sherlock, confused that he isn't pouncing at the chance to demonstrate his cleverness and skill. If anyone deserves to be ripped to pieces by his brilliant insights, it is this pompous, self-righteous prick who requested Sherlock's help only to manhandle him and treat him to non-stop attempts at insults, humiliation and degradation.
The pain really wasn’t that bad, nothing like his shoulder had been, so he’d never had a whole lot of morphine…
I wasn't overly eager to spend time in their collective presence. So, I left them to their staring contest and went to the loo to conduct my morning routine. I found they were still wordlessly glaring at each other when I emerged a good 45 minutes later; showered, shaved and dressed for the day.
“Company's nice, Sherlock.” He beams at Sherlock. “B’sides I'mm comfortable,” he mumbles. He tucks his hands into his armpits, and wiggles a little, as if burrowing more comfortably against the floor.
” He parts the gown, and his fingers linger on the hem of it, unconsciously feeling the material between index and thumb as he stares at Sherlock’s t-shirt clad chest. He chews his lip as his eyes go distant with thought. Then they snap up to meet Sherlock’s gaze and his tongue darts out quickly to wet his lips. He clears his throat and forces a smile that has the undertone of trying to be brave in the face of something dire.
" I say slowly, emphasising the final word sternly, as if that excludes anything else she might be thinking. "We share the rent and kitchen,
From the write-up, the job seems straightforward; steady hours, typical expected duties, a respectable pay range. It's temporary to fill a maternity leave, but it has a possibility of becoming permanent.
“I was simply observing. You quite forcefully dragged me across that bed with clear intent - seeking relief from an obvious state of arousal-”
As John stared down at the somewhat angelic figure sleeping on the sofa he struggled to box in that sensation that made his body hum like a live wire. It was growing stronger each time it returned. More than friendship, fondness or affection, yet different than raw lust or attraction.
choosing to eat or sleep only when it did not conflict with intellectual pursuits, John had every reason to conclude that Sherlock did the same with his
The mutinous bastard only gives a defiant throb; sending an excruciating pulse of need coursing through Sherlock’s body. He whimpers; collapsing and nearly sobbing into his mattress in defeat.
John takes a step towards Sherlock and Sherlock ducks his head to protectively fold further in on himself. He hears John go still, and the silence is pierced with a sharp inhale of alarm at Sherlock's reaction.
” The tendons and veins in his neck are showing in high relief as he bellows at the ceiling. Sherlock grows louder but keeps his tone even.
"Were you out in the rain this whole time? What were you doing? Sherlock, you can't just-”  Before John can fully launch into a lecture, Sherlock turns on his heel and storms into the loo. John blinks at the damp spot on the carpet where he'd been standing.
able to identify an airline pilot by his left thumb?" John is grinning a bit more unabashedly now and there's something disturbingly hopeful and inviting in his expression.
Gary looks surprised and pleased as Billy straightens back up and looks at him. Billy flushes a little and ducks his head into Gary’s side. Gary wraps his arm around the smaller man.
It was a dark realisation for the young man that any other person probably would have noticed immediately but instead he had been completely oblivious and just soldiered through as everything went to hell. That was more than a
He chants desperately, willing his mind to allow those fingers to become John, overwhelmed with desire and pushing himself into his eager body... but it is no use. He collapses onto the bed. He hurts all over; inside and out.
would be an incredibly uncomfortable blunder if that had only been some drug induced fantasy. He decides that since those two memories appeared to happen simultaneously, the car ride must be the reality. Instead, he meets John's eyes and simply says, “And?”
Sherlock’s mind is at war with itself as they travel home in silence. He knows, logically speaking, he should find some means of encouraging John to leave his side and assume a more stable and less traumatic existence, but practicality (certainly not sentimentality) seems to block this idea whenever he tries to anchor it in his mind.
“I’ll be ready in twenty minutes.” Sherlock’s voice is the precisely measured combination of smooth heat and challenge to rankle the ex-soldier. “I trust you can wait that long.”
“Go.” His voice is flat again; inhuman. “The police will be here soon. I don’t have the pull I once did. If they find you here with hands like that-” His pale, thin fingers are trembling as they press into Victor’s neck, checking for a pulse. Victor’s whole face is a bloody, unidentifiable mess.
"Could become permanent though." Her tone is still matter-of-fact. She looks up at me. She has a familiar air of unshakable competence and professionalism to the way she holds herself, but her expression has the slightest edge of humour, as if she's intentionally taking the piss out of me right now. I lift an eyebrow.
“I know, John.” Sherlock curls into a ball, shaking, as hot tears flow down his cheeks and the cold air of the room prickles at his naked skin.
The photograph is authentic Victorian era.” Sherlock glances at John, whose eyes have gone glazed and distant in shock.
is stitching up a soldier today only to pull his mangled body from the rubble of an IED explosion a month later.
“Sherlock?” John sighed, confusion and desire mingling in his voice even as he thrust up into that arousing touch.
And, even if I could find the right words, it's not as if I could say them aloud since we are under constant surveillance by an army of enemies itching for any sign of significant emotional investment in each other.
“Apparently, it is for the best for everyone involved if I don't have a roommate given my propensity for...
He can hear John moving about the kitchen now. He listens for a moment to him putting the kettle on and getting out pans to cook. It is soothing in its familiarity.
be a distraction because it is, no doubt, only due to John's inability to trust his own legs at the moment, yet... in another context… under different circumstances… in another life…
John nods.The young man has a public school attitude about him that leaves no doubt that he comes from a family with connections. He is currently holding himself in perfect posture, perched on the end of his bed and only looking at John out of the corner of his eyes as if he might be a bit of riff raff. John thinks he probably feels uncomfortable, maybe even a little threatened by some scruffy stranger on his floor. He smooths a hand through his hair to try to be a bit more presentable.
mad. It is like that desperate, raging inferno of discovery during puberty when the body first awakens to itself and the pleasure it can give and take. He is unfocused, clumsy and aggressive with his untempered want as his hands persist in their assault on John's buttons. He is unable to prevent them from straying from their task to sweep over John’s chest and arms, mapping everything.
John tips his head and lifts and drops a shoulder, a grin spreading over his face. It's not exactly confirmation but not denial either.
“Right." John nods. "Three things; knife, med kit and..." John nods at Sherlock and points with a tip of his glass. When Sherlock just continues to stare blankly, he finally says, "
“We’ve been through a lot,” Gary says, continuing to stare at Billy with deep fondness. “Made some stupid mistakes too.”
No one had ever treated Sherlock with such simple trust, decency and respect as John had from the first moment. He had quickly proven to be a remarkable combination of dangerous weapon and gentle caretaker; a soldier who (only a moment after meeting Sherlock for the first time) handed over what one might consider their most personal possession, his phone, without a thought. He'd called Sherlock ‘amazing’ when others only scoffed or scorned his skill. John had not only tolerated his obsession with solving crime, but had followed him into the world of being a consulting detective without hesitation. Sherlock had been completely flummoxed by the intriguing man and by the time they'd found themselves in Angelo's, having dinner over candle light, he'd felt the conversation coming like a runaway lorry, sure to crush the life out of their budding companionship.
Anthea looks up from the opposite seat, her blackberry clutched in front of her with both hands; thumbs hovering over the keys. She takes them in with one glance and promptly returns her eyes to the screen to continue punching on the little buttons.
John's hands closing on throat; not enough to hurt or cut off breathing, just enough to firmly hold.
Flashes of memory of him steal my breath as they rattle through me, like the Tube through the station; swirling everything inside me about. Him at the foot of my bed. Him leaning over my bare chest to study my scars. His look of fierce determination and the moon-gilded glint of the knife as he whispered his ultimatum in the dark.
and suddenly there were expressions John didn't understand and tense moments where it felt like they were both waiting for something to happen. John couldn't hand the man tea without waiting
Sherlock's eyes are once more drawn to John’s crotch and he feels everything inside him pulse as he contemplates the dangerous weapon therein. His mouth twitches up in a crooked smile.
I breathe out, gutted by the pointed comment. I know the reference to the supposedly impenatrable bank is a criticism of how I've allowed my finances to get hacked. He's obviously taken the liberty of looking over my fruitless e-mails with the staff of the bank and he's mocking my lack of ability to protect myself. I purse my lips on a sharp insult that I want to let loose. There's something in the blandness of his expression that makes me look more closely at his face.
“Alright, Mr. Nahyt,” Captain Watson mumbles, pitching his voice lower so that no one else can hear. “I’ll keep on scrapping, you keep on smiling and let’s see if we can’t rook death between the two of us.”
nor does she point out how edgy I clearly am. My fingers are tapping on the arm of the chair and I hadn't even noticed. I stop them by clenching them into a fist. "How have you been?"
of far greater intelligence than average, fully capable of making an informed decision. I'm highly skilled in self-defense and therefore, there was no point at which I could not have ended the encounter, should I have chosen to do so. Furthermore, I was the
that he underestimates me and can't fathom that I’ve solved it when him and his team could not. I take a calculate risk, subtly copping to the lesser crime; a tactic I'd seen both Mrs. Hudson and Sherlock employ. I try to appear subtly nervous, hands balling and eyes blinking a bit too much. Exactly what he would expect of a man doing a poor job trying to cover a guilty secret.
John agrees without complaint. In fact, he seems quite excited about the whole endeavour, which makes something tug inside Sherlock's chest. A confusing mix of emotions try to well up but Sherlock promptly swallows them down again.
She flutters her hand in the air as if to bat away my silliness and continues gathering up abandoned dishes. "Not with the
I'm so lost in thought that I nearly get bulldozed over by some pillock who slams his shoulder into mine as he passes. My teeth clack and I stumble back a step, twisting to keep my balance with that jarring contact. The twat keeps right on walking without so much as a word of apology or a backward glance. I measure him up in one sweeping glare and I'm seriously considering giving chase and starting a fight. However, a woman's polite
I want to make sure-" John stops and pointedly drags an assessing stare over Sherlock. Then he swallows and nods, as if deciding to do something he knows he probably shouldn’t. "I'm gonna need to make sure you're alright. Ok?" He turns to square himself to Sherlock as if prepared to argue with him over this.
This look is the fiercest yet. John looks positively livid. Sherlock can only guess at the kind of connections that are forming in John's emotional brain considering that the day Irene had drugged him had begun similarly, with the detective faffing about in nothing but a sheet.
“John.” Sherlock says the name as if reminding himself of something. His eyes are closed and he is breathing rapidly. John takes Sherlock's thin wrist and presses his fingertips into it to check his pulse. It is thumping wildly.
,” John inquires and he can't help the grin that spreads across his face as Sherlock tips his head back to look at the ceiling. “What did you do?” John drawls.
interested.” Sherlock shoves his book into his bag harder, crushing the loose papers it had been catching on. He is in no mood for Irene's games today.
” He narrows his eyes and thrusts his tongue into his cheek again as he points at Sherlock. Then he turns his gaze on me. “We were at uni together,” he explains and he has a grin of deep amusement tinged with something ugly. “This guy here had a trick he used to do.”
John looks confused initially, but doesn't resist. He only hesitates once he is bent over Sherlock and trying to support himself with arms planted on either side of Sherlock’s thin waist. Giving him a sharp glare of impatience, Sherlock grabs John’s upper arm and continues to pull. John laughs in that slightly higher and quicker cadence that means he is nervous, but throws his leg over into the gap between Sherlock’s outer thigh and the back of the couch. He keeps the other foot planted on the floor so he can hover his body over Sherlock's a moment. His warm, cerulean blue eyes are full of questions as they meet Sherlock’s which he keeps shielded so as to be unreadable.
Sherlock returns his eyes to the image. Raz considers himself a true artist and London his canvas. His pieces are always surprisingly thoughtful, with poignant messages intended to challenge assumptions.
He started to surface; moving from dream to a fuzzy state of dulled consciousness. In the all encompassing darkness of his room, the dream blurred with reality so there seemed no difference between his eyes being opened or closed.
A renewed surge of sickness makes Sherlock freeze on the spot. Everything is spinning and his stomach is clenching. He closes his eyes and has to swallow repeatedly. He's at serious risk of making a spectacle he'll never live down. There's a steadying hand on his shoulder and John's voice is close beside him.
The doctor was indeed exhausted from a rather long day at the clinic and the idea of sinking into the warmth of another person wasn’t
leaving Victor. I have to. I made a promise,” Sherlock says flatly. He had told John he would, he cannot let him down
Sherlock presses two parallel fingers into his own skin in the hopes of supplying a sensation that will give
John knew that this moment would be forever burned into his mind. The image of Sherlock, usually so cool, placid and self-assured clutching himself protectively in a trembling heap of limbs, a single quaking hand cast up in the space between them as harsh words of rebuke spilled from his flushed and quivering lips. Fuel for new horrific nightmares.
John has gone very still. He doesn't even seem to be breathing. Sherlock wishes he could see him and yet is equally grateful he cannot be seen.
He instead grabbed a blanket and slowly lowered it down over the sleeping man, carefully tucking it around his long bare feet. As he leaned over Sherlock’s head to tuck the blanket around his shoulders he felt an odd compulsion to kiss that forehead, obscured as it was by those dark curls that smelled so much like rich and slightly sweet pipe tobacco. He wanted to press his lips to the delicate eyelids covering those fiercely perceptive eyes. He wanted to properly taste those lips that spilled such amazing deductions… Startled by his own thoughts, he pulled away before his lips could betray him by seeking out that flesh. He turned on his heels and walked briskly upstairs, an uneasy feeling swirling in his gut and making it difficult to sleep the remainder of the night.
Somewhere, deep within, there is a lush, dark room replete with every sensation Sherlock has ever been able to steal from John... but he
Sherlock's desperation leads to an intimate encounter in the dark of night. But the pinning and fantasizing detective can't believe the long awaited act is real.
"And you described him as..." a flip back in her book to look at notes she obviously took down before I arrived, "
“The Hound,” Gary says out of the corner of his mouth jerking his head to indicate the camera or, perhaps, John.
A trip to the car shop confirmed that his brake pads were nearly non-existent; it was metal against rubber. The mechanic scoffed at John, “You ain’t got nothin’ left. Miracle you di’nt hurt someone!”
The song featured in this chapter was the inspiration for this whole fic. We highly recommend you take a listen to it:
For Sherlock, certain touches in particular places bring a rush of dark memories. From time to time he stills John’s hand for a moment. Although he knows this is different: this is love, not control; affection, not punishment, his body still needs time to unlearn physical intimacy as pain. John listens to Sherlock's unspoken direction, never pushing. He smooths over yellowing bruises and brushes gentle lips over scabbed and healing skin. With each delicate caress, he returns a part of Sherlock to himself.
"You're making sure I'm going to sleep, aren't you? You think if you leave I'll keep trying to work."
“Right.” Wilkes chuckles lightly. He leans forward and clasps his hands in front of his chin as he looks Sherlock and I over. “You’re doing that...
Sherlock’s eyes narrow and he bites his lip, considering me for a moment. Clearly, he hadn’t expected me to pick up on that much. I feel a slight thrill at defying his expectations once more. However, it does not offset the undercurrent of frustration that has only grown throughout the day.
Uncertain? So, John wasn't there to observe. To protect. Sherlock notices an edge of anger and regret to John's gaze. He slides his eyes away.
Sherlock waits until the sound of the door slamming shut echos through the poolhouse then looks around, a cold shudder running up his spine. He stares at the wall John had crouched against, recalling the look on his face, the sparkle in his eyes as they laughed at their near-miss. His insides had been all twisted up, fear and love, hate and gratitude. He’d simultaneously wanted to kiss John and run as far away as possible so he never had to feel so vulnerable again.
