“Thanks mom.” Dean’s cheerful mother makes him think of Cas and what he must be feeling. He can’t imagine what it would be like to wake up one day and not have his mom.
“Yeah, I guess,” Dean grumbles but he doesn’t sound at all convinced.
“Dean, we’ll be right there the whole time and the Santas at those places have to go through training and background checks.” Cas tries to reassure him but Dean still looks wary.
“235 South Prescott Street, Dude, you switch the numbers.” Dean grumbles and Drives down the street to the correct address, the crime scene tape across the door confirms it.
Cas looks at him warily. “That’s not what I was worried about. I just…” he trails off.
“We’re good,” comes the automatic response.
“Should I...?” She hesitates and looks at her husband and younger son. She wants to go check on them but she doesn’t want to intrude. Sam and John shrug. She slowly creeps down the hall and stops outside Dean’s old bedroom where she can hear hushed voices. Dean had found Cas in the hall looking lost, not knowing which door led to the bathroom, and had pulled him into his old bedroom.
“What?” he says rudely when he sees that it’s his brother making all the racket. Gabriel doesn’t say anything he just pushes his way inside and drops on Cas’ couch. Cas stares after his brother for a moment, confused.
“Like I said, we will be right there the whole time. They won’t be in any danger.” Cas rubs a soothing hand against his husband’s shoulder and gives him a kiss on the cheek.
The awed look on Dean’s face when Cas carried the tree down the stairs into the bunker made his heart skip a beat. He’d do anything if it meant Dean would look at him like that. Dean quickly schooled his excitement and made an off handed remark about how he’d gotten the tree too early and it would be dead by December 25th. Cas ignored it and told Dean to go get the base out of his truck so they could set it up. That’s how they ended up in their current positions. Dean contorting his body to try and screw the tree into the base and Sam telling Cas that the tree is leaning too far to the left or too far forward so he could adjust it. Which is how Dean ended up with a sore finger.
“Well, I honestly thought you were talking about some chick until you told me the story and I was like “wait, I’ve heard this before” then I remembered Garth’s friend Sam, Kali and I talked to him at the engagement party about his brother, and then I remembered you talking about some guy named Dean that you were doing a project with a few years ago. It wasn’t too hard to put two and two together.” He shrugs.
When they walk into the room behind Sam they see Eileen propped up in her hospital bed with a soft bundle cradled to her chest. She looks tired and worn out but she’s got a smile wider than the grand canyon on her face. She looks up at them and waves them over.
“It’s fine Sammy. I blocked him on all social media and removed him from my contacts. He doesn’t even know where I’m staying and he won’t know where my new place is. If he bothers me at work Bobby will call the cops and we can see about a restraining order then. But I doubt he’s gonna be a problem anymore.” Dean tries to reassure him but Sam can think of plenty of other horrible things that could happen. Charlie points at her wrist and Sam nods.
Bobby wandered up and down the isles of the superstore trying to find something Sam and Dean would like. He didn’t know anything about children or what they liked to play with. Granted John’s children were more like mini adults, especially Dean. They’d probably be excited to get ammo or a new pocket knife. The thought set off a lightbulb in his head. Dean was nine years old and in this one regard he was like any other nine year old who would really be excited about a new knife.
“Alright, then it’s settled. We’ll go see Santa next weekend.”
“What’s wrong? Are you hurt?” He can hear rustling on Dean’s end.
The Winchester’s stare after his retreating figure and then turn to Dean for an explanation.
“Dean?” She waves a hand toward the fridge.
“So soon?”
Dean barks out a laugh at that and pretty soon they’re both howling with laughter at Sam’s misfortune.
“Rules are rules babe.” Charlie’s girlfriend Dorothy says with a smug little smirk. Dorothy knew about the mistletoe and she’d been against the whole thing. So it was safe to say she was a little pleased with it all blowing up in Charlie’s face, even if it meant her girlfriend would have to kiss a large cajun man.
“Oh no, nothing like that. He was too busy introducing his face to the ice,”
“Yes seriously. You know how much Adler likes tradition. The secret santa exchange is a long standing tradition here at Sandover Enterprises.” She shakes the names in the bowl for emphasis and he groans again.
Dean’s words unfreeze Cas and he quickly wipes the foam off his fingers onto his pant leg and steps inside the apartment.
“So?”
“What about Cas?” Sam questions.
“Thanks Gabe. I hadn’t planned on mentioning anything about my relationship status, at least not tonight.” Cas’ voice is dripping with sarcasm. “I really did just bring Dean along because I needed a friend but now that Gabriel has so graciously saved me from having to do it later I might as well introduce everyone to my boyfriend. Dean, this is my father, Chuck, my older brothers, Michael and Lucifer. You already know Gabriel.” Cas gestures to each of them in turn. “Anna, our sister, isn’t here. She had a falling out with mother several years ago and in all honesty I'd be more surprised if she were here. Everyone, this is Dean.” Dean waves awkwardly and wishes that he were anywhere else at this moment.
“We’ll talk later, my break is over.” They all say their goodbyes and hang up.
Cas sighs. He feels like his life is turning into one big sigh.
“I’m bored” Sam whines as soon as John leaves the room. They’re in some little podunk town in Montana and John left Dean in charge of his little brother while he went out to track down a lead. Dean grumbled at being left to watch Sam but John just gave him a stern look and told him to keep the doors and windows locked and to not let Sam out of his sight.
“No, he’s just dumb” his mother shakes her head in dissapointment. Dean stares at them gobsmacked and then turns and stalks to his room.
“Congratulations!” Cas stands up to give her a hug followed by Dean.
“Dude, where are you? We’re supposed to have dinner with mom and dad tonight.” Sam gripes.
“The hell are you doing? You’ll wake them up with all the racket.” Bobby hissed as he opened the door.
“No, yesterday morning. It happened yesterday morning.” Dean corrects.
“And do what?”
Kali: Damn. Now I have to deal with a grumpy boss and I don’t even know why. At least when it’s your fault I can get him to calm down after a few minutes of badmouthing you.
“But the grinch told Cindy-Lou Who he was fixing her tree and he lied he was taking it. Are you like the grinch and you’re actually gonna take my presents?” She narrows her eyes at them and Sam silently curses under his breath.
“While the dough cools we can make the frosting.” Dean turns on the oven to warm it up and then walks Jack through a simple cream cheese frosting recipe. When they’re done Dean takes the beaters off the mixer and hands one to Jack. The kid looks at it confused and then at Dean who has the other beater in his mouth. Jack takes a lick of the frosting and hums his approval.
“Show time Sammy.” She points at the wary looking man standing just inside her front door.
“Hey boys. I hope you're hungry, these sandwiches just finished toasting.” She waves them into the kitchen and then calls for John.
“I thought I heard someone out here. Come in, come in” she ushers them inside. “Dean why don’t you put that stuff in your room? You must be Cas. Dean talks about you all the time.” She grabs his arm and starts leading him toward the living room without even a backwards glance at her first born. Dean stares after them, dumbfounded.
“Nah, I got it.” Dean rebuffs him. “Close the trunk for me, would ya?” Cas rolls his eyes but doesn’t try to argue. He just slams the trunk and stalks toward the house, doing his best not to limp. Dean follows behind like the faithful pack mule he is, a shit eating grin on his face.
“Alright everyone it’s time to start the gift exchange. Find a seat and once everyone is settled we’ll start with the person that has number one.” Charlie calls out and everyone is quick to obey. They’d learned their lesson in previous years.
Cas gripped his son’s hand tightly as they waited in line. The boy bounces energetically from foot to foot and Cas knew if he loosened his grip the child would be running circles around him and the rest of the mall patrons.
“He was up on a friend’s roof replacing the shingles when he stepped on some loose ones and slipped. Fell a good twenty feet. Cracked a few ribs, dislocated his shoulder and hit his head pretty hard.” Cas stared open mouthed at Sam. He’d completely forgotten that he was supposed to not be listening to this conversation.
Sam pouts a little when Dean tells him it’s time to go back inside but Dean promises him that they can get hot chocolate from the gas station across the street and some candy bars so he agrees.
“Oh, I’m so glad I could afford this one. It’s absolutely stunning, the way you captured the grass and the trees.” the man gushes and hands the money over to Jack, who stuffs it in his pocket.
“Dean, will you get some glasses for everyone?” she says to her older son and then turns back to Cas. “What would you like to drink honey? We’ve got water, milk, soda, beer, I think we might have some cranberry juice too.” She opens the fridge as she speaks.
“I wasn’t planning on getting anything.” Cas says without looking up from the book he’s reading.
“Oh, that sounds painful.” Bess grimaced.
“Yeah we can open presents now.” Dean ruffles the boys hair and they all make their way to the tree
“Sammy didn’t tell me you were comin to this thing.” Dean says as he takes Cas’ jacket and drapes it over the back of the couch.
“I got it!” A little voice yells excitedly from the other room and Dean rushes out to stop their four year old from opening the door by himself. He gets there in time to see Eileen on the doorstep saying hello to Jack.
“We’ve gotten about a foot since the last time I spoke to you and it’s still going. I wouldn’t be surprised if we’re snowed in by morning.”
“Well I’ll have to see what I can do.” Sanat gives her the most diplomatic answer he can think of and then asks if they want a picture of all three children on his lap. Eileen says yes and Santa shifts Mary over to one side and waves Cas and Dean forward. Cas settles Clair next to Mary on Santa’s left knee and Dean reluctantly places Jack on his right knee. Mary beams at the camera while Clair tries to twist around to grab Santa's beard. Jack just stares up at the jolly man with wide curious eyes and points at his hat. Santa takes off the hat and settles it on the boy’s head and Eileen is able to snap a picture of it before Jack pulls it off and looks at it. The elf whispers in Santa’s ear Clair and Jack’s names and Eileen motions for Mary to hop down so her cousins can have their turn with Santa.
“No” Dean scoffs. Cas raises a questioning eyebrow.
Cas changes again and pretty soon they’re picking up Sam and heading to the Winchester’s house.
Cas sits heavily on the couch next to his brother. Too shocked to cry, he just stares off into space.
Sam groans.
“Ok” Dean says hesitantly and looks at his husband a little confused. Cas just smiles.
“That’s true, I’m still leaning more toward witch, we should look for hex bags.” He starts pulling aside the couch cushions and throw pillows to see if there’s a hex bag hidden behind them. “Maybe he had the tree lights on a timer or something. Or nobody turned them off after they found the body.” He doesn’t find anything in the couch so he moves to an armchair.
Jack reaches for the last gift and Dean snatches it before he can.
“At least I’m not a narcissistic asshole with a god complex.”
Team free will 2.0 have a snowball fight.
“I just don’t want to open presents right now papa.”
“Ok, so we know where she ran into the first to vics but what about that last guy? What was the connection there?” Sam asks the next morning while they’re packing up their stuff. Dean just shrugs.
“Call me Mary, and I will gladly give you as many hugs as you need. I know what it’s like to lose a parent.” She pats his arm. “Are you ok?”
“Give me that.” Dean snatches the paper out of his hand and scans it quickly. Sam resists the urge to tell Dean to keep his eyes on the road.
“How--”
“It’s fine.” Cas reassures him with a genuine smile. Dean really likes it when he smiles.
“Yeah, well I saw the way you played with Anna’s new dog the other day and you were so happy. I wanted you to be happy like that all the time.” Dean mumbles and looks away embarrassed. Cas sets the puppy on the floor and climbs into Dean’s lap, pulling his face around for a deep kiss.
“Cas you’re mourning the loss of your mother. This isn’t what you want” Dean pulls them into a seated position and tries to make eye contact with Cas.
“What if I make it up to you?” He placed his palms against Santa’s chest and ran them up and down flirtatiously. Clair narrowed her eyes. She’d seen her dad do the same thing to her papa when he wanted to get away with something papa didn’t like.
“Hey sweety, are you and Sam on your way?” Dean can hear her smile through the phone.
Sam was next. “So for the past few months, I’m not sure exactly how long because I only noticed it recently but, for the past few months Dean has been humming softly under his breath. I really only noticed it when Madison pointed it out but when I thought about it I realized he’d been doing it for months.”
It’s a set of shot glasses, shaped like naked bodies. Two female shaped and two male shaped. If it had just been the four of them he would have laughed but he’s got Jody, Donna and the girls all looking to see what he got and then Charlie grabs one of the lady shaped ones and says something about body shots and runs off to find some liquor.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about Dean.” Dean narrows his eyes.
His next gift is a bluetooth shower speaker that he thinks is actually pretty cool until Cas makes a comment about how he ‘loves to sing in the shower and now he can have music to sing along to’ Sam laughs and thanks Cas for the compression socks for running and the portable coffee mug. Dean is a little hesitant to open his third. With good reason.
“She should be fine, it’s a natural process that her body knows how to handle. Plus she’ll have a medical team and Sam in case any complications arise.” Cas assures him but even he looks a little nervous.
“And then I knew you recognized me at the mall and I had to explain because I didn’t want you to be freaked out or think I was some freak that preys on children. I promise I have no ill intentions toward your kid. But I also will understand it if you tell me to stay away from him and never contact you again and I’ll respect your wishes.”
Charlie sets the pie on the table and steps back only to bump into a warm solid body. Two large hands clamp gently on her shoulders to steady her.
“I love you.” Cas pants as he comes down from the high. Sweat and cum cooling on his exposed skin. Dean groans from his position next to Cas and then drags the shorter man in for a searing kiss, not caring about the mess between them.
“But is it true?” Jody asks. Which errands a peal of laughter form Donna and Charlie.
“Good evening, how are you guys tonight?” She asks.
“You know, big guy, red suit, bushy beard, flies around in a magic sleigh pulled by reindeer.” Dean tries to explain but he can see that Jack still has no idea what he’s talking about.
“You ready to go?” Cas asked him.
“With?” Cas considers telling his brother he’d gone alone, which was the truth, and leaving it at that but the need to talk about it keeps gnawing at him. Maybe, he thinks, he could spin it just right and let Gabe think he’d run into the ‘girl’ who stood him up.
“That's what it looks like,” Sam nods. “Think it could be a witch?”
“Wait for me.” Eileen follows him down the hall. They peak into Jack’s room and see Dean curled around his sleeping child and Cas sitting on the floor propped up against the side of the bed, his hand resting on Jack's leg. All three of them were out cold.
“He and Dean worked on a big class project together last fall. They spent almost half the semester camped out at our kitchen table.”
They did a little window shopping and Cas let Jack drag him through a couple toy stores before they piled back into the car and drove home. Castiel tried to get Jack to tell him what he’d asked Santa for a couple times but the boy was either pretending not to hear him or he was genuinely distracted by the toys. Cas couldn’t get a solid answer out of him.
“Oh, uh just a baking sheet. I know there’s one around here somewhere.” He pulls open another cupboard and starts digging around. Jack joins the search.
“I don’t know, what do you want to name her?” Cas looks at the  puppy for a long moment while he thinks of a name.
“I know you don’t like the guy but come one. You still got Becky a nice gift the second time, even when you knew she’d get all clingy again. You’re like one of the best gift givers because you actually do your research about the person and then put in the effort to get them a good gift.”
“Dean…” Cas starts but stops. He understands how Dean is feeling but he doesn’t want Dean to leave things with his brother on a bad note. They’ve always been so close and Cas would hate to be the reason they stop talking.
“Dude, do you see what you left me to deal with?” Dean grumbles and Sam gives him a look that says ‘sorry, not sorry’”
“The one at the light show” Jack tells him as if it’s obvious.
“So uh Sam tells me we’re friends.” Dean said as he filled his plate with a second helping of the amazing pie Cas brought.
“Sam I don’t remember.” Dean said trying not to let the frustration bleed into his tone.
“I didn’t want to ruin the night we’d had.”
She threw her hand over her mouth and held as still as she could, listening. There was a rustling down stairs and she could hear the sound of boots thudding against the floor. She silently crept out of bed and tiptoed to the landing above the stairs. When she peaked around the corner she saw her dad walk past, he was already in his pajamas and he was sneaking some of Santa’s cookies. She was about to bust him for it but someone else beat her to it.
“Santa, I changed my mind.” Jack runs up to him and climbs into his lap.
Dean had been excited to work with him, he’d even seen some of his past projects but the guy was nothing like Dean imagined. He was dull and awkward and he was overly obsessive about minute details. If Dean had to put it in simple terms he’d say the guy was a “control freak who needs to loosen the reigns a little.”
“Sorry I forgot. You don’t remember how close you and he were.” Sam says pointedly. Dean glares at him and Mary, sensing the tension between her sons steps in to defuse the situation.
“What did Jack ask for the first time?” Cas finds himself asking. He has a bunch of questions he could ask but for some reason that one has been gnawing at him since he’d heard Jack tell Santa/Dean that he didn’t need a mommy.
“Any fun plans for the holidays?” Sam asks and then internally cringes at how lame it sounds.
“Do you wanna tell me about it?” He asks after she’s climbed into his lap and snuggled against his chest. She deliberates for a moment and then shakes her head.
“I’m fine Dean.” Cas tries to reassure him. “Really. Don’t miss out on time with your family because of  me.”
“Don’t eat all the frosting before the cookies are done. Sammy’ll kill me if you end up with a cavity.” Jack looks guiltily at Dean and then the frosting. They hear the bunker door creak open and then a few moments later Cas walks in the room. He’s got a few shopping bags in his hands and he looks around the disaster that used to be their kitchen.
“I knew your last name and that you worked at the university. Plus you’re like, totally his type.” I was just trying to help a brother out.” She shrugs. Dean laughs at that and pats Cas’ shoulder.
“Cas” Dean says again and buries his face in Cas’ neck. The angel’s hands gently rub his back and card through his hair as his tears dampen the tan trench coat.
They pull into the motel parking lot and are immediately on high alert. A large group of people are standing in the parking lot outside of one of the rooms while the manager is desperately trying to get the door open. As they get closer they can see a figure through the window. It’s a man and he’s banging on the glass frantically and they can see what looks like a mountain of snow up to his armpits. They immediately jump into action and push the manager aside to kick down the door but the damn thing won’t budge. After a few more tries Dean gives up on that idea and pulls out his gun. He gestures to the man in the room to duck and then takes aim at the glass over just to his left. The window shatters and snow pours out onto the walkway. The man is still mostly buried in the snow and a couple of the onlookers reach in to help dig him out. He’s got glass shards all around him and a few superficial cuts to his face and hands but other than that he seems to be ok, if a little shook up.
“Don’t leave.” Cas briefly glances back at the door then looks at Dean again. “Please, Cas.”
His mind is flooded with thoughts of what could have, should have, been. He always knew that a secret relationship would never work. Sure he liked the romantic notion of it. A clandestine love affair like Romeo and Juliet or Tristan and Isolde. He should have known. If your relationship can be compared to Romeo and Juliet then it's destined to end bloody. And sure there was no actual blood in his case and no teenagers were dead but it still felt like his world was crumbling at his feet.
“You’re not fine Cas, you just lost your mom.” Dean argues.
“Um, I made it actually.” Cas says. He feels a little naked now that he doesn’t have the pie in front of him.
“Why didn’t anyone tell me?” Dean glares at him. He can’t help but feel a little betrayed by his friends and family and Cas for that matter. They all seemed to leave out a pretty big aspect of his life when they filled him in.
Sam comes into the kitchen at that point with a smile.
“She’s not my girlfriend, we’ve been on three dates. Who told you about her anyways?” Sam asks and then he sees his brother's face and realises who it was. “Dean”
“Where is that useless brother of yours?” Charlie complaints. Sam looks up at her and sees her hang up and then redial Dean’s number.
“How old are you? Fifteen? You’re not a child Castiel, you’re a grown man. Use your words and Talk. To. Him.”
He paused for a moment to watch their little faces as they slept, Dean curled protectively around Sam. They looked so innocent and vulnerable. Not that they didn’t always look innocent and vulnerable, but something about sleep made it more apparent just how young they were.
“It’s ok dad.” Cas reassures the older man.
A couple hours before sunrise Cas settles himself into the  chair in Jack’s room. When they’d first brough Jack home, right after Kelly had died and before the baby had resurrected Cas, Dean had insisted on getting a rocking chair to put in the kid’s room. He claimed it was to help get the little noise maker to sleep faster but Sam and Cas often found him sitting in the chair cradling the small boy long after he’d fallen to sleep. Even now that Jack was no longer a baby and did not require being rocked to sleep every night. Dean still liked to sit in it to read bedtime stories and Cas often found himself gravitating to it in the middle of the night.
When Mary’s turn rolls around she bounces up to Santa with a huge grin on her face and climbs up onto his lap. Eileen pulls out her camera and starts snapping pictures.
“Yeah, Uh, you’ll have to tell me more about that trip to New York. Sounds like we had quite the experience.” Oh you have no idea Cas thought. Remembering the night they had after that show. The unbearably long taxi ride back to the hotel and the frenzied rush to remove each other’s clothing once they were finally alone in their room. How he’d pinned Dean to the bed and took him slowly. Each thrust pulling broken moans from the man beneath him. He’d told Dean he loved him that night and to his surprise Dean had said it back without hesitation.
“Wow she must be something if you’re this hung up over her.” Gabe pulled Cas from his thoughts.
“Why wouldn’t I be sure about it?”
“Nothing!” Dean says, too fast. Which only piques everyone's interest. Sam grabs it before Dean can stop him and peaks inside. He laughs harder than he has in years and Dean snatches the gift out of his hands. Dean holds it to his chest so no one else can see what’s under the ripped paper. His face is cherry red and he shoots a glare at Cas who's been suspiciously quiet for a very long time. When Cas is sure no one is looking his way he winks at Dean and then his face is neutral again. Dean glares at him harder. He’s finally caught on to what Cas is doing.
“Yeah, sometime.” Cas offered a shy smile and then turned toward the door.
Michael leaves immediately followed by Lucifer and then Cas offers to drive Gabe’s car home and assures his father that he’ll make sure Gabe is safe in his apartment with Kali before he leaves him. Chuck tries to apologize to Dean and Cas for Micheal’s behaviour and they wave away his apologies. It’s not his fault his son is an asshole. He does invite them to do dinner again, just the three of them so they can get to know each other better and Cas reluctantly agrees. He’s not sure how to feel about his father’s acceptance. He’d always known his mother would not approve and probably disown him but he’d never been sure about how his father would react. So his acceptance confuses Cas.
The next gift is a pair of cowboy boots, in his size and he pulls them on excitedly. Next is a pack of Burt's Bees chapstick with three different flavors. The ninth gift is a stethoscope, which gets a lot of odd looks but no explanation from Cas. He sets it aside and grabs the next one.  He’s barely even got one corner open when he stops and puts the gift down.
Suddenly their voices are coming through but they’ve stopped the video.
Cas gets a much needed lecture from his older (sometimes wiser) brother. Maybe our idiots in love will finally sit down and have a grown up conversation.
“Will do” he responds.
“You made it?” Dean beams at him. It’s the same look he gave Cas the first time he made him a pie over a year ago.
“Are you sure?” Dean asks between kisses.
“Dean, I want this. I need this right now. I love you and I really just need you to shut up and give me the comfort of being close to the one I love. Maybe later I’ll be ready to talk about things and maybe I won’t but right now what I really need is You. In. Me. Ok?” Cas levels Dean with a stare that brooks no argument. “I want to not think about everything that’s going on right now. Just for a little while. I don’t want to think about anything but you and me. That’s all I want, please.” He reaches down to pull Dean’s shirt off and Dean lets him.
“And you carried in all of the bags.” Mary points out as if that proves it.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean spends the next couple days at his “friend’s” place but he won’t tell Sam much about this friend other than his name is Cas and they met a couple months ago. Sam tries to weedle more information out of him but Dean is suspiciously tight lipped on the matter. He finds a way to turn every conversation back on Sam and the LSAT and eventually Sam gives up. At least for the time being.
“Boys.” Chuck tries to interject.
“And there was nothing else weird about that morning? Any strange smells? Was it cold in the room?” Dean asks.
“Go away Jack” she grumbled and pulled her comforter over her face. She didn’t want to see any of the presents that man brought and she definitely didn’t want to see dad.
“Hello?” He grumbles into the phone.
“Wait, you were talking about Cas?” Charlie gives him a ‘duh’ look. “I’m sorry I doubted you Charlie. If I’d just agreed back then I could have met him a lot sooner.”
“Boys!” Chuck shouts at them.
“Expected What!” Sam throws his hands up in the air in frustration. He has no idea why his brother is suddenly so angry.
He cleans off the beaters for the hand mixer and then gives them to Jack to dry.
It’s an apron and Dean laughs out loud when he reads what’s written on it. Best Cock Ever with the Cock crossed out and then underneath that the word Cook. He puts it on and laughs some more. Sam groans because he knows Dean’s going to wear it every time he cooks and he still can’t get him to stop referring to himself as ‘meat man.’ It’s going to be so much worse if he does it while wearing that apron.
“What’s with the face?” She asks and then tries to peer at the name on his paper “Who did you get?” He quickly hides it from her.
“Morning Clair bear. You ready for waffles?” Her dad smiles as he slides a waffle on the plate in front of her. She glares at him and doesn’t answer. He looks at Cas for an answer to the sour mood but Cas just shrugs.
“Oh, Hannah.” Cas muttered when he realized whom Dean was talking about. “No, uh, that didn’t pan out. She moved to Phoenix last year.” The relief was plainly visible on Dean’s face. If only Cas would look at him to see it.
“Yes” Cas nods even though Dean can’t see him.
“Cassy!” Gabriel chortles when he sees them. “Just in time, Miky has been leaving angry voicemails for Anna since he got here, Lucy disappeared about fifteen minutes ago, probably digging through the medicine cabinets looking for something he can use or sell. And Dad is trying to salvage dinner after he misread the instructions and nearly started an oven fire.” He pulls Cas into a stiff side hug and spills some of his drink in the process.
Cas and Dean also lived in a state that was trying to repeal prop 8, and had plenty of laws in place that allowed people to refuse service or jobs to people on the bases of sexual orientation alone. They both just agreed to keep it private for the time being.
Sam rolls his eyes and smiles; his sour mood dissipates. “It was my fault. I wasn’t watching where I was going and the toe of my skate caught on a glove someone had dropped.” He admits sheepishly.
They pull into the Winchester’s driveway a couple hours later. They’re both stiff from the long drive but Cas is a little worse for wear. He’d sprained his knee when he slipped on a patch of ice a few weeks ago and, while it’s mostly healed, two hours in the same position isn’t the most comfortable. He groans when he stands and rubbs at his aching leg.
The rest of the call is filled with polite conversation about work and school and Sam finds that the tight feeling in his chest that had started when his flight was canceled, is starting to let up. He’d missed his parents. Dean was only a couple hours away and he saw him regularly but his parents were several states away and with school and work he only got to see them a couple times a year. They end the call with promises to talk soon and his mother promises to send his gifts home with Dean. He’d sent his parents gifts with Dean the week before because he wanted to drive home instead of fly and it just made more sense for Dean to take the gifts instead of them taking up space in Sam’s carryon. His mother had even insisted on opening them in front of the camera during their call so Sam could see their reactions.
“Oh, uh hey, Castiel” Cas can hear how nervous the other man is.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Night Cas.”
“How much you wanna bet she’s our witch?” They thank the guy and then head back to the therapist.
“Jack, I didn’t expect to see you back so soon.” Santa calls to the boy and Cas has the distinct impression that he knows the person behind the beard. He runs through a mental list of who the voice could belong to but he can’t match it to a face. Absent-mindedly he’s surprised that the mall santa even remembered his kids name after several days.
“But how do we know they’ll be the first ones there? Or that no one else will be there too?”
“I didn’t think I should just walk in.” Cas looks back at Dean as if expecting him to open the door with the extra hand he doesn’t have.
“Night Dean.”
“His kid is twelve.”
Cas buries his face in his hands and sighs. “What do I do?”
“Hey Mr. W.” says the voice on the other end of the call. L
While they listen to the story an elf walks to the group of parents with a signup sheet. She has them put their children’s names on the list if they want to have a picture with Santa and informs them that Santa will call each child up one at a time to take pictures. Eileen puts Mary’s name on the list and then hands it to Cas so he can jot down Jack and Clair’s names. After the story is finished Santa tells the children to wait on the rug until their name is called and Dean is surprised by how well they all listen. Dean sees the elf with the signup sheet walk over to whisper the first name into Santa’s ear, and he calls out the child’s name.
“Any time.” He presses a soft kiss against Cas’ lips and starts backing him toward the bedroom.
Dean starts to stutter “Uh, Jack buddy I, Uh, I have to go to my own job.”
“I just want you right now.” Cas sobs and clutches at Dean’s shirt. “Please.” He begs.
“You talk about him all the time. Cas this and Cas that. And ‘guess what Cas and I did last weekend.’ You expect us to believe you’re not dating?” Sam asks.
“Yeah that one. I was gonna wait and tell you after that was over because I didn’t want to stress you out.”
“It’s been a while since I last skated,” Sam says in an attempt to save face. “I just need a minute to get my bearings.”
“If you don’t like it you can exchange it for something else. The gift receipt is in the box” he tells him and Cas looks up shocked.
Cas: I’m going to kill my brother
“I’m sorry I’ve been such a dick to you.” Dean blurts out when the silence gets to be too much for him.
“Dean, will you get that?” Sam calls from the other room.
“Yes” She beams at him.
“Bullshit.”
“Ok, yeah, sure. Uh, when?” Sam stammers.
“So, tell us about this girl.” Mary said that sunday. Dean, Sam and Madison were all at the Winchester’s house for dinner.
“No, he was just gonna stay here. We thought this year we might just have a simple, quiet, christmas. You know how his family gets when they’re all together.”
Dean’s a little taken aback at the blunt question but before he can say anything Cas answers for him.
“Why do they have to cool?”
“We could share the bed” the words are out before his common sense can stop them.
“duh.” Gabe said as if it was obvious.
“See it's not that bad. Plus from what he told me there isn't much to tell. You made the right choice there in only giving him the bare minimum of information.” Kali pats his back reassuringly.
“Sammy!” She practically coos at him. It instantly reminds him of the way she would say his name when he was little.
“Hey mom, I gotta let you go so I can finish packing.” He says as he shoots a quick text to Cas.
“Now let’s get this movie marathon going.” He flops down on the couch and Sam and Cas join him.
He sees a notification pop up on his phone with a text from Cas saying he’s finished his last exam and is going to stop at his dorm and grab his stuff and meet Dean in the parking lot.
--------------
-------------------
Cas momentarily forgets everything that’s happened over the past few weeks and offers his drink to Dean as well. After months of dating the man he learned his habits pretty well. He didn’t buy snacks at the theater but he always wanted them. He could eat a whole thing of popcorn by himself if he had a drink to go along with it and he liked to put sour patch kids in the popcorn because, strangely enough, the sweet and sour candies mixed really well with the salty, buttery popcorn.
“And?” Dean takes a bite of his sandwich. “Hypothermia isn’t really an unusual way to die.”
“They’ve been gone a long time,” Eileen looks toward the hallway Dean and Cas had disappeared down. “What do you think they’re doing?”
“Cool, I’m glad you’re enjoying it kid.” There’s a smile in his voice that Cas can hear and it makes him smile.
“Don’t ask stupid questions” He says with a groggy voice and then surges forward to kiss Dean. Dean kisses him back for a moment but then gently pushes him back when he starts to reach under his shirt.
“Wow” Bobby says to the toy shoved unceremoniously into his face.
“I’m glad you liked it Cas. It was Madison’s recipe.”
Dean, Sam, and Cas walk into the crowded gymnasium and search for open seats. They’d dropped Jack off in the hall with the rest of the kids in his class. His teacher was there handing out bells and telling the excited five year olds to hold their bells still until it was time to ring them. It was a vain effort on her part and all of the parents in the gym could hear a cacophony of ringing bells from the hallway.
“She decided to just call it a night.” Sam digs through the fridge for something to eat. “How was dinner?” He asks with forced nonchalance.
“Oh really? So Ther’s not a sex toy in this last gift?” He holds up the gift in question. Guessing from the size he’d say it was cock rings or a personal vibrator of some sort. “Who put you up to this, Sam, Charlie?”
So this was just going to be a one shot but I liked the story line and I might expand on it and do a longer fic. I don't know, but if anyone is interested in that I might do it after the christmas countdown is over.
“Dean, what are you doing?” Cas asks and Dean jumps at the sound of his voice. He stays crouched down but pops his head up so he can see over the counter.
--------------
“Crazy right?” Sam grins. He still hasn’t completely wrapped his head around it yet. It’s still so new.
“Dean I don’t know why you’re so angry.” Sam says right before Dean slams his bedroom door in his face.
“It was nice meeting you Sam.” Eileen gives him a shy smile,
“Uh. . . just a girl I met the other night while I was out with Benny. Not much to tell.” He directs the last bit toward his mother.
“You know nothing about me.” Cas shoves his brother back.
“Dad” Dean interjects, not wanting Cas to feel uncomfortable.
“Trust me this will work.” Charlie whispers to Sam as she pretends to show him something on her phone.
“Daddy kissed Santa last night when he thought I was in bed and now you’re gonna get divorced like Katie’s parents and we’ll have to live in separate houses.” She sniffles.
…………….
“Boy or Girl?” She asked. Bobby was wary of her at first but she seemed genuinely interested in helping him so he answered.
Castiel has been staring at Dean for a ridiculously long time. He’s sitting on Anna’s desk and chatting with her animatedly. Castiel finds himself desperately wishing he knew how to read lips so he could know what they’re saying. What business does Dean Winchester have with his secretary anyways? Dean looks up as if he could feel Castiel staring a hole through his head and their eyes lock for a moment. Castiel looks away, his cheeks flaming at being caught.
“We should do this again sometime.” He scratches the back of his neck and scuffs the toe of his shoe on the floor.
“But maybe he’s not telling us because we haven’t talked to him about it. What if he’s afraid of how we’ll react?”
“I don’t know, what do you want to do?” Dean hesitates. He doesn’t want to overstep any more than he already has.
“Star it is then.” Dean claps his hands together and starts searching through the decorations Cas got. He doesn’t find a star but he does find a stuffed abominable snowman that he thinks will make an even better tree topper.
“Oh um, that’s actually what I specialize in, it’s why my uncle had a position for me. He owns a lot of housing developments and he wanted me to research ways we can make them cleaner. Like what building materials are the best and the cost of installing solar panels. We’re also looking into creating rooftop gardens for the residents. Kind of like a community garden concept where they each have their section that they can maintain.”
“Can we open presents now?” Jack whines. He’s clearly waited long enough.
“The guest room” Dean says again and gives Sam a confused look. Sam is just as confused.
“Dean Winchester, stealing Santa’s cookies?” Santa tsked, “I might just have to put your name on the naughty list. And you were so close this year” Santa shook his head mournfully.
Gabe: Why won’t anyone let that go? It was months ago! I even apologized and paid for the repairs.
“I’m an idiot.” Sam sighs.
“Why are there five?”
They head back to their motel to do some research on cursed or haunted record players but come up empty. Sam sighs and puts his tablet away in defeat. He’d even tried searching for the symbols he’d seen but they too were a dead end.
“Um no, we’re new to the area and our neighbor told me about it. I thought it might be fun to check out.” Cas chats with the woman easily and Jack’s phone starts ringing. He gets a big smile on his face when his screen lights up with Dean’s name and he answers excitedly.
“Sam?” Jack holds up the record and inspects it again “This won’t fit in our DVD player.” The man behind them really loses it then. He’s laughing so hard tears are leaking out of the corners of his eyes.
“I don’t know man, probably just a stupid tie or something.” Dean flops down on the couch next to her and she gives him an unimpressed look.
“You’re gonna have a black eye, we should put some ice on that.” Dean gently presses his fingers into the tender skin around Cas’ left eye and Cas winces. Chuck hands him an ice pack and tells him to sit down.
Sam: Why?
They walk Sam and Eileen to the door. They’d offered to chat with them some more, maybe even open a bottle of wine and enjoy the rest of the evening without a kid around like they’d planned from the beginning. But Sam and Eileen can see how tired the two men are so they make an excuse to call it an early night and leave.
“This is a weird one.” The coroner says as he pulls back the sheet. The body is still in a seated position, laying on its side.
“Dad still wants us to come over for dinner tomorrow.” Cas says after he’s ended the call.
“How can we set the table if we don’t know how many places to set?” Dean grumbles. Cas shrugs.
Eileen grins at him and then pulls him to his feet. “I do believe you promised me hot chocolate.” She says and starts pulling him toward the car. Sam just smiles and laces his fingers through hers.
Dean beams at him and even though he’s still pissed at Sam and Charlie for their meddling he also thinks he should thank them for it.
“Ok fair enough. I thought I’d told you already but I guess I didn’t.” Dean holds his hands up in surrender. “You’re on break soon right? Cause I kinda wanted you guys to meet.” He looks at his watch and then at the door. “He should be here soon. The door opens and a woman with a stroller glides in, followed by Novak.
They hit the road an hour later.
“Sam wants to do a family outing with the kids next weekend to go see Santa.” Dean smiles at his husband. “
“What about the other night while we were at the movie theater?” Dean asks.
“Of course” Sam says automatically. “I like Cas and if he makes you happy I’ve got no objections.” Cas gives him a soft, shy smile.
Sam gives them a short tour of their place while Eileen finishes making dinner. Sam tells Cas they have the guest room ready for him which earns him a weird, confused look from Dean as he rolls the suitcase into the room.
“You’ve been friends for how many years? And you never gotten each other christmas gifts?” She asks in disbelief. Cas just shakes his head.
“We should come back next year.” Cas says and Eileen nods her agreement.
“I’m crashing at a friends tonight so you don’t have to worry about it. And I’ve already got all my crap loaded in a uhaul. I just need to find a place.”
The knock at the door startled him and he rushed over to answer it before Rufus knocked again and woke up the boys.
Jack bounced over to him and slipped his tiny hand into Castiel’s just a moment later. He had a red and white candy cane in his other hand and he smiled up at his father.
“You want to go see what kinda food they got in this place? Maybe grab another drink?” He hooks a thumb over his shoulder toward the food. Cas nods and they spend the rest of the night talking and getting to know each other.
“I did no such thing.” Cas starts to defend himself.
“I don’t want to do anything you’ll regret later.” Dean tries, again, to reason with Cas.
“Ok I get why he would want a break from that but why does that mean that you have to stay with him?” Sam knew Cas’ family, he and Dean grew up next door to the Novak’s until their parents were killed in a car accident during Dean's junior year of high school. After the accident they went to live with their uncle Bobby in Idaho. Dean and Cas remained friends through email and phone calls and then when they graduated they ended up at the same college.
“Maybe we should give him some space. I don’t think he appreciated you trying to drag him out of the closet.” She looks a little pissed too.
“She’s dead.” He looks up at Dean and another tear slips from his eye. “My mother is dead.”
“What?” Sam looks at Dean and then at Cas even more confused. Cas won’t look at him.
“A couple months. I told you about him, remember?” Dean gives his brother a look like he’s lost his mind. “Speaking of, can I get a large coffee, black, and a peppermint hot chocolate?” He turns back to Jessica and she enters his order into the machine. She tells him the total and he swipes his card.
“That’s probably for the best. We won’t be back for a couple hours and a burger would get cold in that time” Cas reasons.
“What was that all about with Dean earlier?” He asks his wife after the boys and Madison have left.
The conversation seems to flow a lot more freely after that and before they know it, Cas is filling up a sink with warm soapy water while Dean puts the leftovers in the fridge. They stand side by side at the sink while Cas washes and Dean dries and puts away the dishes. It’s a nice little domestic moment and Dean can’t help but lean over and kiss Cas when he hands him the last dish. He dries it and puts it away before he realises what he’d done.
“Fine” he takes out a slip of paper and looks at the name. Dean Winchester.
“Both statements?” Donna asks. Dean nods and waggles his eyebrows.
“We need a large box.” He says and peers inside the dumpster. He doesn’t find any boxes big enough in there so he grabs Sam's hand and they walk to the diner across the street to see if there are any boxes there. Dean cheers when he looks in and sees a dry, medium sized box right on top. It’s a little smaller than Dean wanted but it’ll do.
“Do you need me to go with you?” Dean asks before he can stop himself. Cas contemplates it for a moment.
“Hey Krissy, what’s up?” Dean glances at his watch and notes the time. Sam will be there in an hour and he needs to shower and change.
Charlie puts up mistletoe to get Cas and Dean to finally kiss but her plan backfires.
Sam: You guessed correctly
“Oh” Sam says and looks at the grouchy man huddled over his coffee at the table. He wonders how Dean knows what Cas is like in the morning but then remembers they were roommates in college.
Dean shuffles around a little bit before saying, “Oh that sound, that was just my… shoe against the floor.” Cas looks pointedly at Dean’s bare feet and raises an eyebrow. Dean looks up from where he’s still crouching next to the counter, he looks like someone that’s just been backed into a corner.
“Yes Dean, a dinner party. Madison said it would be a nice idea. It’s not like it's the first dinner party we’ve had here anyway. Remember when people came over after your accident?” Sam says with a roll of his eyes and finishes putting the food away.
“Oh… So you guys finally got back together?”
“That’s so awesome!” Jack exclaimed and Cas can hear Dean’s muffled voice coming from the boy’s forgotten phone.
“Where’s Madison?” Dean asks when he sees that his brother is alone.
“You’re like two minutes late Cas. I would have waited at least another five before I sent out a search party” He jokes and gives Cas a chast kiss. Charlie looks like she’s about to have a heart attack. Then Dean turns and gestures to Sam.
“I never took you for a prude Sam” Dean chuckles uncomfortably. “I mean you and Eileen lived together for two years before you got married. Don’t expect me to believe you slept in separate beds that whole time.”
“I wish you’d taken an earlier flight. Then you’d be here having a home cooked meal and your family and you wouldn’t be stuck in that awful snow storm all alone.”
“Cas we have other mugs.” Sam points at the cupboard with the mugs but Cas just grunts and shuffles to the table with Dean’s cup. Dean shakes his head and pours another cup for himself.
“Well what do you boys say to breakfast?” Bobby stretches and plops Sam on the floor.
“Yeah that’ll go well. ‘I know you only remember me as some guy you had a few classes with, but we’ve been secretly dating for almost a year now’ I can’t just dump all of that on him Gabe.”
“That sounds interesting. What does that entail?” Mary jumps on the topic change and the chance to get better acquainted with Dean’s friend.
“The one that’s lit up like it’s christmas?” Dean asks incredulously.
“Morning” Dean whispers and sweeps Cas’ hair off his forehead. Cas just groans and tries to burrow further into his bedding.
Dean pulls into his driveway just as his phone starts ringing. He puts the car in park and fishes the device out of his pocket.
“Ok, I get that, I honestly hoped I’d get over my hang ups about being out eventually, especially if I was seeing someone. But I can see your point.That still doesn’t explain why you didn’t tell me.” He levels Cas with a hard stare.
Clair settles in at the table next to her brother who already has a waffle cut up on his plate, drenched in syrup and whipped cream. He grins at her around a mouth full of food, and he’s got a chocolate milk mustache. She scowles right back.
“I wore the suit home because I thought daddy would think it was funny to see me with a big fluffy belly and a white beard. He kissed me last night, not the real Santa. The real Santa didn’t come until we were all in bed.”  She looks between both her fathers and Dean nods enthusiastically to everything Cas says.
“Dad said we have to stay here.” Dean tries to reason with him but at seven years old Sam has recently entered a bratty phase.
“Good idea.” Dean says and then hangs up. Jack starts to laugh with excitement and Sam shushes him. They wait for the tell-tale sound of the door creaking open and then when Dean calls out for Sam they both jump up and start hurling snowballs at the two unsuspecting men.
“Uh Garth was my roommate a few years ago.” Cas explained and Garth nodded in agreement.
“Hey Dean, they chicken should be done soon. Madison had a pipe burst in her kitchen. I called dad to see if he could come fix it. Why don’t you and Cas start without us. It’s gonna be a while. There’s some rolls on the counter and that bottle of wine I bought yesterday. Just put the leftovers in the fridge and we’ll heat it up when we get there.” and then he hangs up. Dean stared at his phone for half a second in shock.
“So, uh, are you gonna take your girlfriend to Garth’s wedding?” Dean asked, going for nonchalance.
Dean’s head shoots up and he stares at Cas with wide hopeful eyes.
“Ok, I can see how I might have misunderstood what you meant.” Sam concedes. “But dude you never acted like a couple, how was I supposed to know you were dating?”
After a ridiculously long time staring at his phone he realises he should probably respond, and then he spends an even longer time trying to find a good reaction gif.
“No, don’t answer that. I don’t wanna know.” Clair says as she clamps her hands over her ears.
“He does it a lot.” Ellen comments and Bobby nods in agreement.
The smell of Mary’s pie brought back the memory of that moment and he suddenly felt like he’d never understood his mother better than just then. He now knew how she felt as she sat on the dirty kitchen floor and cried for her own mother. Before he can stop it a sob breaks free and startles everyone at the table. He hastily excuses himself and scrubs at his teary eyes as he darts out of the room in search of the bathroom.
“Yeah, It was just.” He hesitates, “The smell of the apple pie made me remember her and It just took me by surprise.” He gives a sheepish smile.
Dean surreptitiously glances around the room. He knows he’s alone but he still has the urge to check before pulling out the box and taking it over to his bed. It looks like an old shoe box and if it hadn’t been hidden in the back of his closet, underneath a sweater that he’s pretty sure didn’t belong to him, then he wouldn’t have even given it a second look.
Cas gives a humeruless chuckle. “This is not how I pictured this conversation going.” He mumbles to himself. “Yes Dean, I like you” he sighs.
“Uncle Bobby, Santa came, Santa came!” Sam bounced on his legs and Bobby grabbed at his arms to hold him still.
“I’m not intimidating,” Dean scoffs.
“It was good seeing you again.” Cas aches with the need to touch Dean. They haven’t been this awkward with each other since that first kiss.
“Sam?”
“You’ll just have to wait and see.” He grabs a drink and scans the party for the dark haired man.
“I think we’ve done enough research for now. What do you say we go out for a little bit?” Cas asked.
“Clair we’re not getting a divorce.” he reassures her at the same time Jack looks at his dad and says “You kissed Santa?” In disgust. Dean flounders trying to think of anything to say.
“What do I get them?” Cas looks at the selection of items labeled ‘recommended for you’ but he doesn’t see why Dean or Sam might need a replica sword or a Hermione tree ornament.
“What?” Dean asks.
“But why?” Chuck looks at his son in bewilderment.
----------
“Yes. Mommy said we’re getting a baby brother, but I don’t want a brother, I want a sister. So the new baby can’t be a boy.” Eileen shakes her head at her daughter's grievance and when Santa gives her a slightly panicked look she just shrugs.
“Oh that will be useful.” Bobby tells him with a smile and Dean gives him a shy smile back.
“What does a baking sheet look like?” He asks after a few moments of searching.
“I don’t want it.” Jack cried and shoved Cas’ hand away, orange juice sloshed over the rim.
Sam slides into the back seat next to her and takes over holding her hand and rubbing soothing circles into her back. Dean and Cas pile into the front and then they're off.
“Clair honey, what are you talking about? Why would we live in different houses?” Cas crouches next to her chair and tries to coax her into looking at him.
He sits in his car for ten minutes outside the bar before starting it up and driving off. He tells himself it’s because the bar looked packed and he really wasn’t in the mood for that many people. After driving around for another half hour he finds himself at the movie theater checking out movie times and ignoring the pitying look of the guy at the ticket booth. So what if he’s going to a movie by himself? People do that all the time.
“What, ah . . . W-what about Cas.” The look Dean gives Sam is panicked. He wonders if Sam knows about the thoughts and dreams starring Cas that he’s been having.
Sam and Eileen go ice skating
“I put in the effort. His secretary Anna said he only has four ties that he wears on rotation. I’m getting him a fifth so he has one for each day of the week” Dean defends himself. He knows it’s a lame gift but he really hadn’t gotten much out of Anna and nobody else in the office really talked to him. Or rather, he didn’t really talk to anyone else in the office.
“Careful!” Cas admonishes but no one is paying attention. He sighs and decides to not make a big deal out of it. They've already had quite the morning and all he wants to do is enjoy his family. Dea smiles at him over the boy’s head and they share a moment of happiness as they watch their children.
“I don’t want to argue right now Dean. I don’t have the energy and your brother is still on the phone” He gives a weary sigh and points at Dean’s phone.
“How long has he been here?” He asks.
Kali: He’s my boss.
“Um...no?”
“Really? Good for him. That sounds fun.”
Cas is at the office in no time, unlocking the cabinet for Kali. She looks dead tired so Cas tells her to finish what she's doing and go home. He even sticks around to make sure she actually leaves. He knows she's a workaholic and she'd gotten that message after she was supposed to leave the first time. It would have been fine if she'd left it for tomorrow but she wouldn't.
“I didn’t hear anything,” Dean says but his words are punctuated by another whine.
“It’s not funny at all. I’m not a fag.” Michael seeths. “And mother wouldn’t have allowed that kind” of depravity under her roof.”
“She’s perfect.” Cas praises the animal “yes you are, you are just the most beautiful, perfect, softest puppy in the world.” He presses kisses into her fur.
“If I knew Sammy, I’d tell ya. Maybe you’ll just have to ask Cas.” Dean shrugged and then finished putting away the leftover food.
“So what did you get him?” She asks but he just shakes his head.
“Cas you made it?” Sam greeted him and then ushered everyone into the tiny living room. Dean couldn’t stop staring. He sort of knew the guy from school. Econ wasn’t the only class they’d shared that year, or the last year Dean remembered, but he never knew the guy’s name. He’d always been too shy to approach him. Plus he never knew what he would say if he did get up the nerve to approach him. It wasn’t like he could ask him out or anything and chances were pretty high the guy was straight. Dean had seen him around campus holding hands with a pretty brunette.
Dean can’t help but smile at how cute he looks when he’s pouting. His eyes linger on his full bottom lip that still has a few crumbs stuck to it and before his brain can stop him he’s wiping them away with his thumb. Castiel’s eyes lock on his and he freezes, his thumb still gently pressed to the other man’s lip. He jerks his hand away like he’s been burned and his face flushes a deep red.
Cas rolls his eyes and takes his coffee with him into the living room. He’d have thought Dean would know by now that dairy products upset his stomach. He plops down on the floor in front of their tree and starts searching for the gift he’d hidden away in the back so Dean wouldn't try to snoop and see what it was.
“I--I have not! That's all Charlie.” He splutters.
“Dean, get up.” Dean startles awake and then freezes when Jack starts to stir. Once the child settles back down without waking up the four adults let out the breaths they’d been holding.
“What time do you think you’ll be here?” Mary’s voice chimes from the phone on Dean’s bed. After almost an hour of listening to her prattle on about their holiday plans, who was supposed to be there and what time they were going to be there, what they were having for dinner, when dinner would start, etc. Dean had rolled his eyes and turned on the speakerphone, then he threw it on his bed while he packed his duffle. He loved his mother but he really didn’t care about anything she was talking about so he’d been tuning her out for a good twenty minutes and hadn’t realized she’d asked him a question.
Dean rips the paper off his first gift and stares at a bottle of massage oil. “Uh, thanks Cas.” He sets it aside.
“It’s like two in the morning. I highly doubt anyone is awake right now. I think we’ll be fine.” Sam’s argument is pretty sound. They creep across the lawn and up to a window that’s partially obscured by some bushes. Dean notices that there’s no crime scene tape on the door but thinks that maybe the police took it down. From what Dean was able to learn at the morgue the man’s death was ruled a suicide.
Bobby paces the length of his kitchen, periodically glancing at the clock. He’d called Rufus two hours ago and the man still hadn’t shown up. Ask him to help dig up a corpse and he’s there before you hang up, but ask him to help watch two sleeping children and he takes his sweet ass time.
They spend the rest of the evening sipping hot cocoa and introducing Jack and Cas to classic christmas movies.
“So what have you guys been up to?” Eileen asks after everyone is settled at the table.
“Sugar cookies, for Christmas.” Dean hands him a rolling pin and the opened bag of flour. Then digs around in a shopping bag for the cookie cutters he’d bought earlier.
“Dean?” She huffed.
“You ready to get this show on the road?” Dean unlocks the car and throws his stuff in the trunk. Cas follows suit.
“That’s great, I thought I was gonna spend the night trying to make stupid small talk with all of Sam and Madison’s friends and I really wasn’t looking forward to that.” Dean rambles and then turns to the kitchen. “Did you get that pie from the same place you got the last one cause that one was amazing.” Dean takes the pie from cas and puts it in the fridge.
“Hey bitch”
“Yeah!” Jack shouts and bits of egg fly out of his mouth.
Dean: wanna combine forces? We can bury them both in the same grave and save us the trouble of digging two.
“Not this time. Apparently this woman cut out her own heart and tried to give it to this guy she’d been dating.”
“I mean, yeah, if you wanted me to.” Dean fidgets uncomfortably.
“Uh no, we’re not, we’re actually um...police officers.” Dean improvises. “Yeah, and we’re in your house because…” He can’t think of a good reason.
“Ok so vics one and two live in the same town and they both went to the same therapist but vic three is from the next town over. He’s not connected to the other two at all.”
“You wouldn’t let me set you up when I told you about him five months ago.” She points an accusatory finger at him.
“What are those two up to?” Benny looks at the two in question and shrugs.
“Hey Cas, whats up?” Cas can hear the cheer in the other man’s voice and he sobs into the phone.
“Comin right up.” She beams at him and starts making his drinks.
Dean turns to the now empty kitchen but it’s not empty. Jack is sitting at the table, wearing a tan leather jacket over a light blue shirt. Dean suddenly realises that it was Jack he’d glimpsed earlier and he wasn’t hallucinating Cas. He thinks that should come as a comfort to him but it doesn’t.
“Not that kind!” Dean hurrys to assure him. “Well, not all of them are… ok, nope, not gonna finish that sentence.”
Cas is sitting on the bed with his face in his hands.
Upon further inspection of the items he notes that one of the ticket stubbs is for Sweeney Todd and he immediately thinks of Cas. Suddenly his dream from this morning hits him like a bulldozer. He’d almost forgotten about it in that way that one forgets dreams after waking up. His cheeks flush with the memory of how erotic the dream was. It’s not that he’s never had a wet dream before. He had. Plenty of times, but this one was different. It felt real, but not, at the same time. Even just thinking about it, alone, in his room, he couldn’t make sense of it.
“Cassy, you know I don’t care about that kinda stuff right?” Gabe asks. “Maybe mom and dad will care but so what. If they can’t accept you for who you are then screw them. You deserve to be happy and if Dean makes you happy…”
“Thanks Santa” Jack hops off his lap and runs over to his dad. “Ok we can go now.”
“I’m telling Gabe you like my family more than him.” Dean teases.
He spots Charlie when Anna leaves his office and he has a sudden idea. Charlie and Dean are friends, he can pump her for information on a gift Idea for Dean. Castiel rushes out of his office and catches up to the petite redhead in the breakroom.
“Thanks for tonight.” Cas whispers into Dean’s skin after he presses him up against the front door for a deep kiss. Dean gently strokes Cas cheek under the already darkening bruise.
“Well thank you.”
I completely forgot about this story, so sorry I promise it won't happen again.
“You don’t have to apologize Cas.” Dean ribbs his back and then they hear a tentative knock at the door.
“Kid you just made my day.” The guy wipes his eyes and pats Jack on the shoulder. “I can’t wait to tell my wife about this.” Jack is confused but he smiles at the man anyway. Sam just shakes his head.
“I never took your brother for a prude.” Cas says and Dean nods.
“She’s gone.”
“Hello Jack and Clair.” Santa smiles at the wiggling babies in his arms.
“Well there's the one at the mall, or if we want to go a little farther there’s the christmas village they set up in Grantsville every year.”
“Gabe told you?” Cas nearly shouts then lowers his volume. “I should have never told him anything. I bet everyone knows now.” He grumbles.
“Merry christmas Cas.”
“Hello Dean.”
Benny was next. Followed by Madison and then Bobby. Cas was the only one who hadn’t told a story yet, other than Bryan and Bess but they were off the hook for only having met Dean a total of three times between them.
“Do you like her?” Dean asks.
It was Gabe. Cas had never been more grateful for annoying meddling brothers in his life.
“We’ll see what Sam knows and then maybe just you know, when we do talk to Dean we don’t mention our suspicions or anything we just let him know that nothing is ever going to change how we feel about him. We leave it open to interpretation.”
“A date, would you like to go on a date.” He clarifies and then as an afterthought adds “with me?”
“It’s gonna be great. We’ll have to come visit more often so my niece or nephew knows who I am.” Dean declares and looks at Cas as if asking for permission.
“Ok just because I don’t have my memories doesn’t mean I can’t detect bull shit. You’re lying.” Dean points an accusing finger at his brother.
“Yeah that’s what he told me.” Gabe nods “Wants to go over funeral arrangements and stuff.”
Sam groaned inwardly as he made his fifteenth peppermint mocha that morning. He’d only been at work for an hour and in addition to the peppermint mochas he'd had to make five peppermint hot chocolates and three eggnog lattes and it was just the first week of December. When he’d started working at the coffee shop near campus last October, he laughed at all of his new coworkers complaining about all the pumpkin spice flavored drinks and pastries. He kinda liked pumpkin spice so he didn’t see it as a problem. That is, until December rolled around and suddenly everything was peppermint and eggnog. He could excuse the eggnog but he absolutely hated peppermint and he’d go home every day smelling like peppermint coffee.
They celebrate Christmas eve with their found family. Dean cooks a large meal and Jack puts on a Santa hat to pass out everyone’s gifts.
“Oh.” Gabe nearly shouted before he left, startling a woman walking by with a stack of papers. “Cassy, remember our old roommate Garth? He’s getting married and he invited us to the engagement party this Friday.”
“So why are the kids fine but the dad’s a human popsicle?”
The rejection already stung enough and to have to lie about it to his brother was downright excruciating. He tried to console himself with the fact that at least Gabe believed it was just a date that stood him up and not the man he’d been secretly dating for 11 months. He’d spent most of the weekend wallowing in self-pity and by this morning he had moved past hurt and straight to mad. It was one thing to cancel at the last minute, he would have still been upset but he’d get over it, it was a completely other thing to just not show up. No phone calls, no explanation, in fact Cas hadn’t heard anything from the man since Tuesday morning. Everything seemed fine then. After a quick shower together they grabbed breakfast and parted ways with a promise to call later.
“Did she bake often?” Mary asks.
It’s not a sex toy. In the box is a tape titled Dean’s playlist. He stares at the mixtape for several seconds and then looks up at Cas.
“Cut out her own heart?” Dean gives him a disgusted look. “And she was still walking and talking enough afterward to try and give it to some guy?”
“Santa!”
“Cas! Why are you up so early?” He asks and Cas squints at him. He’s acting suspicious.
“Is it not customary to spend Christmas morning with your family?” Jack asks and Dean’s jaw clenches with the wave of pain that hits him. The kid reminds him so much of Cas, if Dean didn't know better he would assume Jack was biologically related to the angel.
“Jo filmed it too.” Cas gasped between laughter. Dean’s face went red and he couldn’t believe that Cas had seen him running around drunk, wearing a bikini.
Cas rode with Gabe and Kali to the engagement party and he was actually starting to enjoy himself. For the first time in a week he wasn’t thinking about the end of the only relationship he’d ever felt comfortable in. Even if it was a secret and they never showed any sign to being together around any friends or family, it was still the only time he’d ever felt right in a relationship. Probably because all of his previous relationships had been with women that, as much as he tried, he was not romantically or sexually interested in. Cas wondered idly if he would have ever come out to his friends and family had the relationship progressed any further. He sighed. There was no reason to wonder about that now. The relationship was over and the worst part was Cas didn’t even know why.
“Ok Cas, I can do that. If that’s what you want.” Cas nods and pulls Dean down for a kiss.
“It has been pretty nice.” He agrees.
“You’ll just have to wait and see.” Castiel tells her and then gently shoo’s her out of his office.
It turns out that Dean actually does like Cas. He just had to take the time to get to know the guy.
“Love you too.” He hangs up the phone and then finishes gathering all the stuff he’ll need for the trip.
“Like the grinch?” She asks excitedly.
“Dean!” Sam’s face goes beet red.
“I don’t know, but I think we should check it out.”
Cas is standing next to baby staring intently at his phone. He’s got a duffle over one shoulder and a lumpy canvas bag at his feet. He looks up when Dean says his name.
Cas doesn’t get to wallow for very long before his phone buzzes in his pocket. He grins when he sees Dean’s name pop up with a new message. It’s just a silly meme about a cat but it makes Cas’ heart pound a little bit faster. Dean used to send him meme’s all the time before his accident. They rarely ever texted because Cas prefered phone calls; he liked to hear Dean’s voice. It was also safer if anyone ever got a hold of either of their phones. No one could read private messages.
Dean stares at the shiny box in his hands and gives it a gentle shake. He can hear something shift in the box but can’t make out what it might be. He tears the paper away and opens the box to see a beautiful pair of brown leather boots.
Cas knew Gabe was itching to ask him about his foul mood but the shorter man had yet to broach the subject. Cas hoped that Gabe would attribute his bad mood to the fact that it was a Monday and not push for details. He really didn’t want to talk about it. Even if he did want to talk about it Gabe wouldn’t have any idea what he was talking about. He’d never meant for it to get this far but after nearly a year of lying to his brother he couldn’t just come out and tell him what was bothering him.
“Coulda fooled me” Sam glares at Dean in a silent ‘keep it up and I’ll tell them about the guy you’ve been hooking up with for almost three months’ way. Dean glares right back almost like he’s daring him to do it but when Sam doesn’t back down Dean surrenders. Their parents notice the silent exchange but they don’t fully understand it.
“Thank you Dean.”
“Great.” Cas has his hand on the door now, trying to stall.
“Yeah” Dean says in a daze as he stares at Cas’ wrist. Cas notices his line of sight and instinctively goes to cover the bracelet. Dean suddenly feels like he’s intruding on something private and quickly tries to change the subject.
So sorry it took so long to get another chapter. A friend of mine recently introduced me to Yuri On Ice and I've been fangirling for the past couple weeks and forgot about updating this story. I'll try to be better about new chapters regularly. Sorry.
“You still don’t remember.” Cas says. It’s not a question, he’s just stating a fact.
“I wouldn’t mind if Sam is ok with it.” Eileen says and then there’s another knock at the door.
Sam stares at him until the transaction is done and then goes right back to interrogating him.
“Just a few bites of that.” Cas looks at the pizza still sitting on the coffee table.
“Listen Sammy can you just tell mom and dad that I had something come up and I’ll see them another time?”
“Wouldyouliketogooutwithme?” He says in a rush.
“I date.” Dean defends himself.
“What was what?” Dean counters and Cas can tell he’s hiding something. His eyes are all shifty and he looks nervous.
“Ok let's not argue. It’s christmas.” Dean breaks in before they really get started.
Dean’s not really sure what this movie is about but he settles into his seat quietly and watches the previews and wonders if he’d seen these previews before. Maybe he’s even seen this movie and he just doesn’t remember it. Maybe it was a crap movie that he’s already seen and the look the ticket guy gave him had nothing to do with him being alone. Maybe he was pitying him for seeing the movie twice or wondering what was wrong with him. But for that to be true the ticket guy would have to recognize him and while the town isn’t that big it’s still unlikely that some random teenager at a movie theater would recognize Dean, let alone remember what movies he’d seen at this theater.
After that they talked. Neither of them had come out yet. Dean was worried how his father would take it. He was one of those macho types who served in the marines and made no secret of his feelings toward gay men. Dean said his father was never outright rude or anything but he definitely didn’t “agree with the lifestyle.” Dean’s mother never said anything one way or the other so he didn’t know how she would react, and he really wasn’t looking forward to finding out any time soon, same went for his younger brother Sam.
“It’s probably not the record player” Sam finishes Dean’s thought.
“What do you mean by ‘it’s not going anywhere’?”
Dean wakes late on christmas morning and as he walks toward the kitchen he can hear a low hum of voices. He wonder’s who Sam could be talking to when he remembers that Eileen had planned on staying with them for a few days. He’d gotten pretty drunk the night before and he vaguely remembered being manhandled into his room late last night or was it early this morning? Dean shakes his head and stumbles into the kitchen. The voices go silent almost as if they’re holding their breath. Dean doesn’t even spare them a glance as he makes a beeline to the coffee pot. For half a second he thinks he’s caught a glimpse of a tan trench coat but he ignores it. He knows it’s a trick of his subconscious, Cas isn’t there. Cas is never there, not since… Dean shakes his head again and focuses on not spilling the coffee.
“I would have expected something like this from dad but I thought you were better Sam.”
“Ok honey, I’ll see you when you get here. Love you.”
“Best christmas present ever.” Jack says when he gets a good look at her.
“He was frozen solid in a room with a fire burning in the fireplace and a heater that was working just fine. His kids found him in the morning when they woke up.”
“I should be apologising to you. My family just ambushed you like that. You don’t have to share a bed with me. I’ll sleep on the couch. I’m sorry they made you feel uncomfortable” He rassures Cas.
“Hello, my name is Sam winchester and my wife is in labor.” Sam tells the woman behind the check in desk. She looks at the clearly pregnant woman in the wheelchair behind him flanked by two guys and a third guy runs in and joins them.
“I don’t know, don’t you think they might be a little young?”
“We should come back tomorrow with Sam and Dean.” Jack beams and Cas agrees easily.
“I had to guess on the size. If it’s wrong the gift receipt is in the box.” Castiel is looking at him now and his cheeks are flaming red. Dean gives him a big goofy grin and immediately pulls off his shoes so he can try them on. They fit perfectly.
“No, it was actually pretty warm in the room with the fire going.”
Sam gets distracted with studying and work and before he knows it two weeks have gone by since the last time he spoke to Dean and he realises that he doesn't even know if Dean found a place to live or if he’s still couch hopping. His break starts in twenty minutes and he’s itching to call his brother. First to tell him that he’s taken the test and he’ll get his results in a few days and then to see where he’s living and if he needs help unpacking. The thought is barely formed when the man in question walks through the door.
Dean follows Cas into the guest room and they change into their sleep clothes.
“No, he doesn't remember. He sends memes to everyone. It’s his prefered way of communicating.” Cas tells himself but that little nugget of hope won’t go away.
“Why does this friend care about this girl? Does she like you too?” Mary is still trying to get information out of him.
“Cas?” Dean asks, startled.
“No, no. We really don’t need to mentally scar everyone.” He said at the same time Benny said: “We really don’t need to see that!”
“Charlie it’s not that important.” Dean tries to placate her but she shakes her head, even though he can’t see her.
Kali: Oh so that whole two months you spent trying to convince me to go out with you, that was a bad idea?
“You got that right.” Dean agrees.
“I can think of a few things.” He pulled the other man close and pressed their lips together for a long moment then he pulled back with a laugh and scratched at Santa’s beard “Tickles.”  Santa laughed too and pulled him in for another kiss.
“Cas not that I’m complaining or anything but why did you get me so much stuff?” Dean shakes the first package to see if he can guess what’s in it. Cas explains that he’s making up for 12 years of missed christmas gifts.
“Not much, he doesn’t have much of a social media presence and the articles I could find online were pretty sparse. From what I’ve gathered, he’s a fifty year old widow with two kids and a dog. He worked at a dealership for twenty years and he liked to golf.” Sam scrolls through the guys social media accounts and then scrolls through his kids.
Jack’s class files onto the stage noisily with ringing bells and stomping feet. Jack seems to be the only child holding his bell still like they were told to do. His eyes scan the rows of chairs in the dimly lit gymnasium. He looks nervous and on the verge of tears until he spots Sam, who towers above most people even when he’s sitting. And as soon as he’s located Sam he’s found Dean and Cas too. He grins and waves excitedly, still carefully holding his bell so it doesn’t ring before it’s supposed to. The three men wave back and Dean holds up the camera to record Jack’s part in the christmas program.
“Ok that’s enough of that. You--” He points at Cas “Kitchen. Now.” Then he stalks out of the room. Cas follows him.
“You’re dating Novak!?” Charlie finally catches up with the program. “I’ve tried to get you two to meet for months and you’re already dating!” She yells at them. Cas shrinks back a bit and Dean holds up his hands in surrender.
“So what are you getting Castiel?” Charlie asks when Dean gets up to put in the next disk for their Lord of the Rings marathon.
“Gabe I really don’t have time for this.” Cas complained as Gabe dragged him to the café across the street from his office building.
“Girlfriend?” Cas asked, a perplexed look crossing his face.
Clair watched in horror as her dad kissed Santa. How could he do that to papa? Clair felt a tear slide down her face and she pictured what next christmas would be like with her parents divorced. She silently crept back to her room and into bed. She stayed awake for a long time wondering if she should tell papa what she saw or if she should confront her dad and make him tell papa. Neither option sounded particularly good and she soon fell into a fitful sleep.
“Yeah she loved christmas and we had a family tradition during the whole month of December, where they would play loud christmas music on sunday mornings and cook breakfast together. So when I got up that morning and heard the music I thought it was because dad was trying to keep our tradition alive to honour mom. But when I came down stairs he was...ya know?” She gestures vaguely and Sam gets what she means.
Just then they hear the front door open “Hey guys, sorry that took so long.” Sam says as he walks in the room.
“There’s some butter in the microwave, put that in the bowl and then put in one of those packages of cream cheese and get the hand mixer.” Dean instructs while he cracks eggs into a smaller bowl. Jack follows his instructions.
“Hello Cas. I’m Mary.” She offers him a bright smile that makes his chest ache and then ushers him toward the table. “Do you like meatball sandwiches?”
“Ok, you have a point there, but that still doesn’t guarantee that there won’t be anyone else standing at the snack table” Sam argues.
“I’ll go check on him.” Dean gives Sam a look that tells him to explain to their parents and then follows Cas. Mary and John look at Sam.
“--No don’t put me on speaker! Charlie!” The last half of Dean’s sentence blares out of Charlie’s phone.
“Because I know them. They’ve both proposed marriage to me for the recipe, on multiple occasions. As soon as they see me come out of the kitchen with it they’ll be on their knees at my feet.”
“So they found him in his living room with a string of lights wrapped around his neck.” Sam looks around the hallway they’re standing in, trying to figure out which way the living room is.
“Pretty, dark hair, you’re always with her on campus. Well I guess two years ago you were always with her on campus. Sorry I just assumed you’d still be together.” Dean babbled.
“Not a real angel.” Sam clarifies. “And some people put a star at the top.”
There's not a lot of food in the glass casserole dish. Just four chicken breasts and some mixed veggies. He looks in the oven to see if he missed anything but there’s nothing else. His phone rings before he can say anything.
“Are you in my apartment?” Cas asked, his thankfulness for Gabe retreating fast. He could hear the conversation pick back up in the other room.
“Well, uh, sorry I guess.”
“Knee acting up again?” Dean asks when Cas comes around to the back of the car to collect his bags from the trunk. Dean already has both their duffles slung over his shoulder and is debating if he can carry all of the other bags.
“You didn’t have to get me anything”
“Then why are we doing it?” Dean argues.
“I’m sorry Benny. It’s not you, it’s just the thought of kissing any man that makes me feel icky.” She apologises when she realises how her reaction might make him feel uncomfortable. But he’s a good natured guy so he just shrugs it off and gives her a smile.
Dean laughs out loud at that and he and Cas spend the next several minutes discussing the best way to get away with murdering their siblings. Naturally the conversation moves along and before Dean realises it it’s been several hours.
“A five year old boy.”
“Ok, now what?” Jack sets the tray down on the table and Dean hands him a large bowl.
“Where the hell are you?” The small voice bellows. Cas grabs Jack's phone and hits the speaker icon.
“Uh, no. Blue Christmas.”
“Christmas Clair, it’s christmas. Santa came and we have presents. Come on.” He bounced excitedly on her bed and tried to pull her up.
Five minutes later, yes Dean was speeding, they pulled into the hospital parking lot and around to the front entrance. Jack jumps out and runs to grab a wheelchair while Sam and Cas help Eileen out of the car. They get her settled and then wheel her inside while Dean parks baby.
“Huh” Lucifer shrugs and then pours a glass of wine for himself. Michael pulls out his phone and does his best to ignore everyone and their father stares at Cas with wide shocked eyes.
“Fine” Sam groans and pinches the bridge of his nose. A kind older woman hands him a wad of tissues and pats him on the arm reassuringly. He nods his thanks to her and uses the tissues to staunch the flow of blood.
“We should. I think they’d like it.”
As he watches the boy sleep, Cas reflects on the life they’ve had for the past five years. While Jack was a nephilim and therefore more durable than a normal child, they’d all decided to take a break from hunting and to give Jack a normal life. Well, as normal as life could be when you had three dads and lived in an underground bunker full of magical artifacts and books.
“I don’t think I can do that.” Cas sighs and Dean tries not to let the hurt show on his face. He knows Cas doesn’t see him like that but it’s different hearing it straight from Cas himself. He immediately goes on the defensive.
“I thought you said this happened this morning.”
A week later Dean and Cas fly into Cincinnati and Sam picks them up at the airport. He and Cas chat amiably while they wait for their luggage at the carousel and Dean grumbles about not having his car and how he almost died on the plane. Cas just rolls his eyes and tells Sam that Dean’s “near death experience” was just him freaking out over a little bit of turbulence which resulted in him swallowing his drink wrong and a coughing fit. Dean glares at the two of them but decides it’s not worth arguing over it. They’d just gang up on him anyways. Then he spots their bag and grabs it.
Kali: You really don’t know why he might be in such a foul mood?
“Dean, I’m not naive enough to think that my adult son doesn’t sleep in the same bed as his boyfriend.” Dean’s jaw drops at his mother’s words and Castiel’s face, somehow, goes an even deeper shade of red.
The sixth gift is a deck of cards and Dean starts talking about teaching Cas and Jack how to play poker and Sam takes the cards and reads what’s written on the box.
Kali: And it’s nice to have someone to gripe to when you’re being exceptionally annoying. He gets it.
Eileen is a natural on the ice. She started off a little wobbly but after a while she was skating circles around Sam as he fumbled along.
“I don’t know Sammy, she was just some psycho with magical abilities. She could have chosen him at random or maybe they met somewhere else.”
“Yeah, and they don’t heat up in the microwave very well.” Dean agrees lamely. “I’ll let you get back to your light show.” He mumbles awkwardly and they trade short goodbyes.
“Now, if only I could weedle the recipe for that pie out of her” he sighs.
“What are you two up to?” He tries to take a peek at the screen but Charlie closes the laptop before he can see anything. Sam comes in shortly after and they get to work on a new case Sam found. Gift purchasing temporarily forgotten.
“I’m good Gabe. I promise.” He pats his brother's shoulder and ushers him to the door. “Tell Kali not to worry about me.”
“Yes hunny?”
“I tried to follow the directions Alice left. Her daughter got sick and I told her to go home and now I’ve ruined dinner.”
“Sorry, you, uh, you had some crumbs…” He trails off and self consciously scratches the back of his neck.
“It’s too much of a coincidence for it to not be related. But we already determined that it’s not the record player. What else could it be?”
“Well this looks good. Sam made it though, so it might be complete garbage.”
They walked back to Cas’ office in silence, Gabe following him up to the fifth floor so he could say hi to Kali before he left.
“Do I have to?” he asks without looking away from the report he’s typing.
“Oh sorry cher, didn’t mean to sneak up on ya. Is that that famous raspberry pie Dean waxes poetic about?” Benny asks. Before Charlie can answer or even feel a pang of disappointment at her plan being ruined by Benny of all people, she hears Ash steal what was supposed to be her line.
Hesitantly Dean takes a handful and smiles at Cas. He wants to say something, but the movie starts and so he sits silently and munches on Cas’ popcorn. They bump hands a few times and Dean blushes furiously, it’s almost like being on a date with Cas. Cas of all people. Halfway through the movie he looks around unconsciously for a drink to wash down the salty popcorn when he remembers he didn’t buy one.
“Why can’t we hear him John?” His mother asks.
“Well I haven't gotten a call from mother yet so I think it's safe to assume he hasn't told her yet.”
“Cas, dude, we gotta remedy this.”
“Not this year though, not after--” Her brother cuts in and then stops to let out a shaky breath.”After mom.” He says once he’s composed himself.
Sam: I might brave the snow for breakfast in the dining hall
“You don’t have to hide it from us sweety. We love you no matter what.” Mary reassures him.
“Yeah just give me a minute to put on some shoes.” Dean grumbles and Sam hears him Shuffling around on the other end of the line. Then a sudden burst of inspiration hits him, he can get two birds with one stone.
“Maybe” Dean mumbles and starts poking through the stockings.
“Clair won’t get out of bed, and I want to open presets. Papa, tell her it’s time to get up” Jack whined.
“Not important? You took the morning off to look for a new apartment and you were so busy you couldn’t answer my calls earlier.”
“No, I have been. I was rude and I made assumptions and there’s no excuse for my behaviour. Can we start over?” Cas just nods wide eyed.
“Are we going to use it as a sled?” Sam looks at his brother with wonder.
Dean drives to a bar a few blocks from his apartment, intent on drinking away his frustration with his brother. He wonders idly if maybe he could call up Cassy and go back to her place. Maybe if he got drunk enough he wouldn’t care that she’s a woman and he could work out some of the sexual tension that’s been plaguing his dreams. He dismisses the thought almost as fast as it came. He’d tried that before and it never worked out with any other woman so why would it work with Cassy?
“I wasn't,” Cas tells him matter of factly. “How did you know I liked bees?”
“Thanks for joining me, it was nice to not have to sit alone.” Cas mumbles after the movie has ended and the lights turn back on. He gathers all their garbage and stands to stretch, his shirt riding up to expose his stomach and Dean catches a glint on his left wrist where the light hits a small metal object. It looks a lot like the one he has on his own wrist, if only he could get a closer look to see if it has anything written on it.
“Daddy look! It’s a blue lightsaber!” Jack yells excitedly and waves it around making his own sound effects.
“What are we gonna name her?” Cas asks.
“Is everything alright?” John asks.
“I do have to read a lot of papers but I also get to build things.” He ruffles Jack's hair and gently nudges him toward his father “I’ll see you around kiddo.”
“Oh, um, it’s probably not, just covering my bases” Sam informs him “I think that’s all the questions we have for you at this time. Just give us a call if you think of anything else.” He hands them a business card and they leave.
“Yeah Tuesday at six thirty. It’s a weekday and people have work or school the next morning so it’ll be over before nine and there won’t be copious amounts of alcohol, don’t want any hangovers on a Wednesday morning.” Sam chuckled.
“No, it’s fine. I graduated with a Masters in business and a minor in Architecture with an emphasis on real estate and development. My uncle offered me a job at his company after I graduated. They own some apartment complexes in the area and they’re looking to expand.”
“Gabriel!” Cas admonishes as he pulls the phone out of his brother's hand. “You are not filming this, and I brought Dean for emotional support not because I want him to meet the family.” he hisses and shoves his brother’s phone in his pocket for safe keeping.
“What, I wanted to get them to stop talking about me and you weren’t here so…” Dean says it as if it was the most obvious solution to get his parents to stop asking about his love life.
After Cas hears Dean putter around the kitchen for a few minutes, just long enough to start a pot of coffee, he decides he might as well get up. It’s earlier than he’d like but it’s also Christmas morning and they’re going over to visit Dean’s parents in a couple hours.
Dean wakes up confused for a moment until he feels the body next to him wrap an arm around his middle and pull him a little closer. He turns and buries his nose in Cas’ sleep rumpled hair where he can smell the familiar shampoo and something else that’s just Cas. it’s a calming scent and even if he can’t remember waking up like this before he knows he has. Some part of him knows that before his accident this was his favorite place to be. In Cas’ bed, early in the morning, wrapped in the arms of the man he loved. Cas gives a sleepy sigh and pushes his face deeper into his pillow.
“Dad I don’t think it's salvageable.” He says gently as he guides his father toward a chair. “Why don’t you sit down for a minute and I’ll order a couple pizzas.” Chuck stares at his son for several seconds as if he’s trying to remember who he is but then he nods and reaches for the wine bottle sitting on the table.
“Babe!” He calls when he walks in the door and Cas pokes his head around the kitchen door.
Jack reluctantly leaves the shop with his dad.
“Uh…” Sam stalls.
. . . . . . .
“Two days.” The coroner tells them.
The nurse calls out Eileen’s name and four men jump up out of their seats. Eileen stays seated. The nurse gives them a look but waves them over. “Are all of you coming?”
“Clair I’m not liking this attitude. If there’s something bothering you please use your words.” Cas steps in with his no nonsense dad voice. Clair looks at him with tears brimming in her eyes.
“I guess.” Sam says but it’s not convincing.
“I do no such thing.”
“You’ll see,” Dean says and tapes the bag closed around the box. Then he grabs Sam’s hand again and walks him to the park they’d passed on their way to the motel.
Dean dusts the flour off of his shirt and then covers the bowl with plastic wrap and puts it in the fridge to let it chill while they clean up.
“What happened to the wife?” Dean asks.
“Partner? No, Cas isn’t… We’re not...:” He looks at Cas for some assistance but he refuses to make eye contact and suddenly Dean has an idea of what his family and might have said to Cas while he was putting all their stuff in his room.
It wasn’t more than an hour later when Sam burst into the waiting room with a large grin on his face.
Dean sits on the bed next to Cas and when Cas doesn’t look at him he gently bumps him with his shoulder. Cas cautiously glaces at him out of the corner of his eye and Dean grins at him.
“Sam?” Dean answers on the second ring.
“I’ll see you later?” Cas asks as he backs toward the door.
“Dean, Cas, can I come in?” Mary asks through the door. Dean looks and Cas who nodds.
“Sorry Sammy.” He steadies his brother and then continues on his mission to kill the offending noise. The shock of the situation has erased most of the dream from Dean’s mind but he can’t shake the longing he feels for blue eyes and perpetually chapped lips.
“Huh, wonder where he’s been.” Sam says to appease her. He really doesn’t care where the guy has been, he barely even knows him. If you can count knowing the guy’s regular coffee order and that he worked at the university as knowing him. Sam didn’t even know the guys first name; he always said ‘Novak’ when asked what name to put on his order.
“Now you see why I married him.” Cas says conspiratorially to Eileen.
“Nah, I think she learned her lesson. I’m just glad that was all she saw.” Cas gives him a heated stare and they both remember how quickly that Santa suit was discarded after that kiss. Dean presses a chast kiss behind his ear.
“Y-yeah we uh, worked on a project together last fall and kind of hit it off.” Cas answered quietly. He wondered if anyone else could hear his frantic heart trying to escape from his chest.
Dean watches her as she scurries off to pass out more numbers. She gets way too into the stupid holiday game. He spots Castiel standing by himself in a corner, nursing a drink and glancing at his watch. Dean thinks about his past interactions with the man and can see how he could have misinterpreted shyness for apathy and snobbishness.
“Sorry, sorry, I've got the key I'll be right there.”
“It’s all for the best.” Cas shrugged and took a bite of his sandwich. “Never would have worked long term anyways.” He said through a mouth full of food. Hoping his nonchalance would convince his brother not to push.
“We just brought the one bag and a carry on. It’s cheaper.” Cas explains. Sam thinks it’s a little weird that they’d share a suitcase but he doesn’t say anything. Dean and Cas have always been close and who is he to judge what his brother and his best friend do to save a little money.
“I know Sam. Like I said something Came up.” Dean says through gritted teeth. He really doesn’t want to wake Cas up but he can feel the other man starting to stir.
“I see where you’re coming from. It’s not uncommon for young children to be afraid of Santa but Dean, we can’t shield them from everything. They might even like Santa but we’ll never know if we don’t let them have the experience.”
Gabe: Hey!!!! aren’t you supposed to be on my side? I’m your boyfriend.
“You still have a week, try harder.”
They pull off the highway when they see the large sign lit up with christmas lights and an arrow pointing to the ticket booth for the light show. Cas drives up to the booth and a small woman leans out and gives him a cheery smile.
“No, we’re not lying,” Dean says and he doesn’t sound convincing at all. The girl gives him an intense stare down. “I promise, we didn’t take any of your presents, we were just making sure they’re still here. And now that we know they are, we’re gonna leave.” He tells her and starts backing toward the door. Hegrips Sam’s sleeve and pulls him along with him.
“He brought us candy too.” Sam tells him.
“I think that record player is cursed. There were strange symbols carved into it and you wanna take a guess what record was playing?” Sam asks.
“Dean, will you get your friend some water?” She asks and then turns to her younger son “Sam what do you want?”
-----------
“Lucie means light” Cas says with a nod of approval “Her soul is definitely one of the brightest i’ve ever seen.”
“Yeah I’ll be ok. I’ve got some cereal and poptarts and the dining hall will be open in the morning for breakfast. I’ll have to hike through the snow to get there but it’s not that far.”
“Uh, like a DVD only it’s just music and you don’t play it on the tv.”
Wow, I can't believe I actually finished this but here it is. Thanks to everyone who read it.
“Dammit. Sam!” Dean yells and tries to shield himself from the cold projectiles. Cas just stands there looking perplexed and then a well aimed snowball gets him right in the face. Dean’s lips twitch but he manages to hold back his laugh and crouch down to form his own snowball.
“That sounds great. Race you to the exit.” She laughs and then shoots across the ice away from him. He wobbles a little but takes off after her; almost crashing into another couple.
“Just open it.”
They leave the morgue and head to the guys house to see if they can talk to his children.
“The LSAT?”
“The whining sound” Cas elaborates.
It took Dean and Cas several weeks to convince Sam to let them set him up with Cas’ coworker Eileen. He hadn’t really dated anyone in the year since his girlfriend, Jess, died but he was quick to scoff at his brother trying to play matchmaker. Especially after it took him almost a decade to realize that his feelings for Cas were not unrequited.
Kali: Damn I was really hoping to get some sort of apology chocolates out of you.
Dean feels ridiculous snooping through his own things and he tries to tell himself that it’s not really snooping because it’s his stuff, but that’s how it feels. Not finding anything interesting in the livingroom or kitchen; Dean decides to try his bedroom. He’d looked around a little bit the day before but now that he doesn’t have Sam hovering he can do a more thorough inspection.
“You said he was a ‘friend’ Dean not that you were dating him.” And Dean has to admit that the first time he told Sam about Cas he had referred to him as a ‘friend’ but they’d talked a few times since then and he was pretty sure he mentioned at some point his and Cas’ relationship status. He was living with the guy for crying out loud.
“Sam, I think we’re in the wrong house.” Dean looks up from the present’s he’s examining and makes eye contact with a wide eyed little girl standing in the doorway behind Sam. “Shit”
“You only have a couple more dude. Just open them.” Charlie tells him and Jack looks at the partially opened gift with curiosity.
“Why would they be scared of Santa?”
“No arguments here” Dean quips. “You’re ok with...this.” he gestures between Cas and himself.
“Ok, got it. Thank you Charlie.” He turns and walks back to his office, determined to get Dean the perfect gift.
With a groan he heaves himself up and pulls his shoes back on. He reaches for his keys in the bowl by the door and checks to make sure the key to his file cabinet is still there. There's something else tangled up with his keys. The bracelet that Dean made for him is knotted around his keychain. He'd forgotten that it was in the bowl.
“This...whole time....you’ve...been trying….to...to...set him up....with his...his boyfriend!” She gasps between laughs. Sam cracks a smile and before he knows it he’s laughing with her.
“I’m fairly certain my number is already programmed into your phone.” Cas smiled.
Dean shrugs, “Maybe.”
“Are you alright Dean?”
“Kali tells me, and don’t get mad at her she only said something to me because she cares about you, but she tells me you’re having a rough go of it today.” He looked almost sympathetic. Cas wasn’t falling for it.
It just sort of happened during one of those late nights pouring over floor plans and researching building materials. Dean leaned in and kissed him. Just a soft peck that was over almost before Cas knew what was going on. Dean pulled back with an apology already on the tip of his tongue when Cas gripped the front of his shirt and hauled him back in for a searing kiss that was much more intense than the first one.
“How come we’ve never met this Cas person?” Mary questions.
Mary gives Sam a look as if she’s asking him what's wrong with his brother, but he just shrugs. She spends a moment watching her oldest child as he sets the glass in front of the handsome young man and pats his shoulder gently; wondering idly if this is the same Cas that was mentioned at family dinner a few weeks ago.
“Cas, Cas.” blue eyes blink open and he glares at Sam for a second before he remembers why he’s there.
Dean pulls him over to the couch and they arrange themselves in a comfortable position. He gently strokes Cas’ hair while the other man uses him as a pillow; silent tears soaking through his shirt.
When they get back to the house Sam leads them down to the tv room in the basement and is confused when the pullout couch is exactly the way he left it the day before. Clearly no one slept on it last night. Sam stares at it for several seconds before Dean asks how they put it away. Sam shows Dean how to fold it down and they put the cushions back in place.
“So, what are you thinking?” Dean asks as they get in the car.
“Should we wake them?” Eileen whispers and Sam nods. He creams in and gently shakes Cas’ shoulder.
A while, it seemed, turned out to be fifteen hours. They all took turns napping and holding Eileen's hand, bringing her ice chips, or just keeping her company. When the doctor announced it was time to push the nurses ushered everyone but Sam out of the room and again they waited.
