Steve hummed in agreement, rubbing small circles into Tony's tense shoulders.  He'd admit if Kor'la'vin were to walk in right now, she probably wouldn't be leaving the room in one piece.  "And what about the time you nearly brought the whole Tower down because-"
Though if anyone were to say that to his face about Natasha, Steve was pretty sure he was also entitled to expressing his own opinion. She wouldn't thank him for it, but she'd probably understand the brawl was started to make him feel better rather than to protect her honor.
"You've had to have noticed by now if you've been talking to him as much as Pepper says you have.  Tony might be a mess, but Iron Man isn't," Rhodey said.  "Iron Man is someone who doesn't have Tony's trust issues.  Someone who can be open and friendly.  Someone he can pretend to be.  And maybe that's really Tony underneath everything, but it's not how he can act the way he is now.  It's going to be a long time before he can act like that normally.  And what if you guys didn't stick with him that long?"
"Steve," Tony said, and he accepted Steve's hand up.  He let go once he was upright, but before Steve could turn to leave, Tony's hands were on his shoulders and pulling him down for a bruising kiss.
"It looks like just a slight bone fracture and some muscles that need mending," Sharon said, ignoring his pass once she controlled her laughter.  "I should be able to do it."
Rhodey laughed, so Steve figured he couldn't be in that much trouble.  Still, he sat down gingerly at the kitchen counter.  "Guess I do sort of tailor my interventions to Tony.  He's usually the only one I have to intervene with," Rhodey said.
She leaned against him, absently toying with different shades of pink.  "I missed Susan," she said finally, her breath hitching.  "I... I really just wanted to see her again.  Thinking of her was the reason I could deal with everything.  And now..."
"She's got a point there, sir," Rhodey said, and Tony could hear the traitor grinning.  "Also, that's five for me.  You're falling behind, Mr. Stark."
She cried again and her ice cream was melting, but Tony held her tightly.  Her heart was still breaking, but she felt better.  Maybe having AI of her dead ancestors around wasn't such a bad thing after all.
Tony looked up.  He doubted that killed it and he didn't want to still be down here when it returned from licking its wounds.  He spotted the opening of the stairs and made for it, recognizing the brightly glowing dragon crystal where he'd had his showdown with Viper.
Tony didn't open his eyes.  It was a dumb tactic, but maybe if he ignored the illusions long enough, they would leave him alone.
Steve blushed, because he really had no excuse for that.  His denial had been pretty strong for a while.  "That's different," Steve said, stubbornly pulling Tony back down.
"Then we have a particularly clever thief who is probably profiteering because of rationing on the black market.  Or just someone down on their luck," Tony said with a shrug.  "Tell the cook not to worry and let the police know about our ghost, and if it's one of the staff, find out why they did it and come to me before letting them go.  War makes for some hard times."
"That's all, Captain," Fury said as Steve started to leave.  "And good luck.  With Stark, you'll need it."
"I won't let it happen," Tony repeated.  "I can fix this.  That's what I do, fix things, so I have to fix this!"
Tony looked down at his hands then closed his eyes.  Steve was torn between anger at Tony's secrets and wanting to comfort him.  He focused on his hand, because that was at least a neutral thing to do.
Now the Iron Man armor was built for her height and body type, not Kes's.  It would take some time to revert it, but it should be Kes's armor.  Susan couldn't keep wearing it, no matter how long she'd been fighting in it or how much she loved the red and gold now.
He considered leaving a note for the dragons to find, but without being able to feel his thoughts, they probably wouldn't be able to read it.  Instead he drew an arrow in the ground pointing towards the thick foliage and left the suit outside the gate where the dragons could see it.  Then, with Viper's arms around his neck and her legs at his waist, he started to make his way through the undergrowth.
Steve flipped over a robot that tried to shoot him with its lasers and focused on the fight.  As long as he kept them from their objective, he could figure out what it was later.
For a mechanical suit of armor, Iron Man was very expressive.  Still, Steve was a little surprised to see Iron Man jump at the sound of his voice.  "Winghead," Iron Man said, turning to face him.  "Sorry.  Did I wake you when I walked by?"
"Look, I fucked this up," Tony said.  "That's on me.  You should leave, Steve.  I'll take care of the hydra.  You and the others should get to safety."
"My way out is still blocked," Tony said with a dry chuckle.  He didn't even have the suit left to help him pry his way out.  "I don't know why the dragons keep pushing me that way when there's still no way out."
"Found you by the tracker Thor's carrying.  JARVIS is okay.  He fought off the Hydra attack then called me.  Romanov, Barton, and I will take care of it.  The pilots from your flight are safe.  They made it to a small cabin and shacked up there.  Pepper and Happy are safe, just worried sick about you, and Cap here will be fine with a bit of rest.  Now we're going to get you and Cap out of here, okay?"
" At least, that was what Steve translated the text shorthand to.  He might have missed a few words, but he was getting very good at 'text speak'.  Mostly because it shocked everyone when he used it and annoyed Iron Man to no end.
Steve could see his hands shaking at his sides, and the full weight of what Tony said hit him.  "You're going to tell them," Steve said, his eyes widening.
Tony gestured with his free hand, motioning to the machine.  Steve looked over to see that it was completed now, silver and menacing.  He felt his stomach drop out from under him.  The other eight Tonys...   They fixed things, didn't they?  "You're not dead," Steve said in a rush.
"Make it a fast one this time," Peggy requested, a brilliant fire in her eyes as she bound up to Steve.
Iron Man was silent, the glowing blue eyes of the face plate boring into him.  Steve didn't let up, even though Iron Man could probably break out of the hold easily.  Or would be able to, if he were actually Iron Man.
"Yeah?  What did you come for then, eavesdropping?" Rhodey asked.  "Stooping to spying on your enemies yourself?  Seems a bit below you."
That was a good question.  Fury would hound him trying to find out what Tony knew, and there were plenty of things down here that would help with the war effort.  Tony wasn't sure the dragons were safer with Uncle Sam than they were with Hydra, however.  "I won't tell anyone what I've seen down here, I promise," Tony said finally.  "This place really is better off a secret."
He was jolted out of his melancholy as they landed.  He started to dismount, but was stopped by Peggy's wing.  "You've been good for him," she said.  "Before you came, he was drifting.  He threw himself into protecting the city, because he feels like he failed to save- " Silver, red, and black.  Radiating warmth like the pits of lava in the middle of the dragon house, comfort and protection of the forest.  The darkness of a crystal-less night, dancing and salty wit.
"Pararescue.  Not much call for it in the regular service, but he's damned good at it and I don't go out without him. I think he misses flying, though he wouldn't remember that.  Saved my life more than once," Steve said, his smile fond.
It also hurt that Iron Man hadn't inquired about Steve's condition like he usually did after a fight.
"And the future, but only to those that can see it," Wanda said, moving to the far end of the wall.  Tony followed after her slowly, not sure if he wanted to see what the future held.
"Sometimes," Tony said.  He thought about the airship and the few times where Jarvis had opened up a good scotch to celebrate.  Of Pepper and Rhodey and the warmth of their smiles.  "But not with everyone.  Somethings are just for certain people."
"You don't like any of this."  Tony picked up the lantern and gave the room one last look around.  There was really no choice but to go down.
"I don't think you hurt it too badly," Tony placated her.  He moved away from the water, but kept a wary eye on its depths.  "Looked like a graze.  The metal probably made it hurt like hell if it's anything like the dragons, but it should survive."
"You could sneak off," Steve said, though Tony could sense a thread of curiosity in Steve's words that Tony didn't quite understand.
Tony didn't reply, but kept petting Steve.  Neither of them went back to sleep, but the company kept the ache from haunting them too badly.
But not clear enough to recognize they had reached Tony's bedroom and that Tony was pulling off his boots.  He lost a few moments and was surprised to find himself sitting on the bed.  He tried to help, but Tony just batted his hands away and Steve didn't want to chance fumbling more.  Tony didn't bother with the rest of Steve's clothes as he pushed Steve gently down onto his bed.  Steve couldn't help but feel disappointed.
Before the bomb went off, he replayed the memory of Steve at the altar in his dress uniform, smiling though his eyes were misty as he looked at Tony.  The ticking counter of the bomb was was on silent, so the last thing Tony heard was Steve’s voice, soft and pleased, saying "I do."
On the other side of the wall was Milton's lost paradise.  Putting the gun away, Tony rested a hand on the wall, staring at the lush jungle.  He doubted even Rhodey would recognize half of the flora Tony saw, and they were all most certainly beyond him.  Was this where the heat came from?
Steve was chatting amiably with some of the airmen a few days later when his phone rang.  He excused himself, then frowned as he looked at the unknown number.  "Hello?" he said as he picked up the call.
"I'll keep that in mind when I upgrade the security on this place.  Which will be soon," Tony grouched, offering Steve a hand up.  His codes were going to be changed and soon, and he was going to find out what mole Fury used to infiltrate the place.
," Steve continued.  "I was the one who wouldn't back down.  You have issues, Tony.  Those issues aren't going to go away because we're friends and I knew that coming into this."
"I told you, that's what I've got the suit for," Tony said as Steve moved away.  It hit him suddenly how
"Are safe," Tony said.  "Probably safer than if...  That was part of the deal.  I figured Fury would send someone to spy on Doom, just not...  He promised not to hurt whoever came.  Just detain them until this is all over."
"Okay, that one's on me, I'll admit," Tony said, stepping forward and putting a hand on Steve's back to lead him in.  The point of contact grounded Steve in the present, and Tony rubbed gently between his shoulder blades to loosen the tension he could no doubt feel.  It was the same thing Iron Man did when he caught Steve at a bad moment, but it felt surprisingly better with a human hand.  "Come on in and sit down.  What can I do for you, Steve?"
"Crashed," Steve said, and it took Tony a moment to realize Steve was being even more succinct than usual.  "Lost Herrera and Johnson on the way down.  Snow's too bad to see.  Found a cave, got you out of the storm."
Clint looked just as wary, because they were all now well aware of Thor's sense of humor.  "Okay, I'll bite.  If nothing else, we can hold it over Jane's head.  What song?"
"There's no time for this," Steve said, though he let Tony take his hand again as they got to the sink and he stayed still as Tony reached for the first aid kit.  "Thor is fighting more robots and you-"
The blue dragon didn't look his way, ignoring Tony all together.  "Come on, man," the brown dragon said.  "Let's leave the human to-" Bright red and navy blue, passion and flame, dancing and music.  The rose that blooms in adversity and the immutable constant of the sea.  "-and get that wound seen to."
Steve tried to stand and swallow back the bile, but strong arms kept him down.  It was easy to forget that Stark had earned muscles as a blacksmith when he played the town drunkard so often.  "Easy there, Sheriff," Stark said again, the smell of alcohol coming with him as he leaned over Steve.
"You're telling me you don't know any of this?" Pepper asked as Tony skimmed over the notes on the process.
"I'm fine," Tony said, lying spread out on the couch, still in a business suit but with the tie loosened and the top buttons of his shirt undone. His face looked pale, and there were dark shadows under his eyes that spoke of little to no sleep.  He was on his tablet, not looking at Steve.  "Come up anytime you like for drawing," Tony said, but his voice was strained.  "Mi casa and all that."
But he pulled back, feeling Steve's confusion and disappointment as he did and hating himself a little, yet needing to put some distance between them.  He couldn't take advantage of Steve like this.  It was even more of an effort to let go of Steve's wrists, but he forced his fingers to cooperate.
"You are the one I owe my timely saving to, I assume?  Thanks for that," Tony said, with a loose salute.  "Though I don't believe in-"
Steve sighed at her clear dismissal, moving the rest of the soup closer so that she wouldn't have to stand if she wanted more.  She pet him on the shoulder as he drew nearer, and he resisted the urge to stick his tongue out at her.
"I know who to call," Iron Man reassured, and Steve could hear a faintly embarrassed tone to Iron Man's words.  "Later, Happy!"
"-and turned into a human who has problems 'walking it off.'  You're a lot easier to hurt," Tony said.  "Steve, you're a dragon.  I can't-"
"Tony..." Rhodey let go enough for a proper hug as Tony leaned his head against Rhodey's shoulder and closed his eyes.
Steve lowered his head to the ground, soft pleasure rolling off him in waves.  "They're not that good," he said hesitantly.
"I just don't understand why a person would do that," Steve said, sitting down on the bench as he grabbed a water bottle and held the cold water against his forehead.  His stomach twisted into knots thinking about it, and even if he wasn't paid for his art, it still felt like someone was stealing a bit of his soul.  He was angry and hurt and with the internet being what it was, he had no face to blame or recompense to find.  It just... hurt.
"Who showed it to you, SHIELD?" Tony asked, frowning slightly like he was trying to puzzle something out. "Never mind. Of course it was. They probably just opened up Microsoft Paint and told you to draw. Idiots."
Rhodey left with a knowing glance and a comforting hand on his shoulder after they cleared everything out.  It was Jarvis who stopped him before he could retreat.  He was frowning, like a puzzle that couldn't be solved had appeared in the armor.  "The house staff are divided between a thief and a ghost," he said.
to him," Natasha's voice came from the other side of the wall, slowly coming closer.  Tony was relieved that the shared look of worry was at least not about him this time.  "You saw the video!  Even if you don't feel the same, you need to-"
The hologram Tony closed his eyes as they became glossy.  "I'm pulling out a corpse.  Whatever you do,
"No one's made you watch that movie yet?" Tony said, acting affronted.  "Come on, Cap.  Pizza and a movie.  You'll like this one.  It's a Christmas movie, even, so it's warm and fuzzy.  But it's set in California, so there's no snow."
Through it all, Steve stood silently to the side, somehow managing to find the perfect spot where the nurses could get around him despite his big bulk.  Tony didn't meet his eyes, debating prolonging the nurses visit, but instead silently taking their administrations and answering questions with short, succinct replies.  At least his throat had receded to a dull throb instead of the raw pain from earlier.
Tony took the sandwich, but he didn't eat it.  He stared down at it as Steve's stomach reminded him again that it had been put off long enough.  Very loudly.  He grabbed one of his own and started to dig in.  His mother had taught him to be more polite than inhaling his food, but he only slowed down enough to be barely socially acceptable among people.
"We'll talk about you not telling me about joining social media later," Natasha said, then smirked. "Right now I think we need to talk about you drawing yourself and Tony kissing."
"Not really," Rhodes confirmed.  "But I figured if I had to be stuck in bed, I might as well have a roomie.  Seems like he'd be quieter this time around.  I might even get some sleep," Rhodes said, but the sad smile on his face told Steve how much he hated that thought.  "Though I'd give anything for him to pester me until the sun came up like he used to at MIT."
Victor Von Doom stepped further into the room, green cape flowing behind him despite the lack of wind, the metal glint of his armor more threatening than Iron Man's red and gold.  Steve acutely missed Iron Man's voice in his ear complaining about how much he hated magic.
"Everything that-" Iron Man started, then stopped, shaking his head as he raised a gauntlet to it.  "Okay, does no one else feel like something funny's going on?  This isn't normal."
Ignoring the hurt, Steve stood, his foot knocking the sculpture as he did.  Thankfully, they were having a whispered conversation that Steve politely tried to ignore this time since he'd already admitted to eavesdropping once to Ms. Potts.  Granted, it was more because of his own panic than politeness, but he didn't have to admit to
"He would cheat on Ms. Potts?" Steve asked, unable to help the anger that bubbled up.  A man like that wasn't worthy of Iron Man's loyalty.  "How could he do that?"
The suit calculated the speed and distance faster than she could, and she set a timer.  Taking a deep breath as it slowly crept closer, she listened to the servos click quietly as she moved away from the cliff face.  When it was 300 meters away, she took off.
Steve swallowed, stepping away from the glass and forcing back the emotions with an iron fist as he scrambled to regain control.  He couldn't be seen like this.
His smile was wide and just a little smug, but even though he was in a different branch, Steve could grant him that smugness without resent considering he was a good friend of Tony's.  "I'd return it properly if I could, but I'm still getting the walking thing down again,"  he said, wincing as he leaned more on the cane.  He looked pale under his dark skin, and Steve pulled out the chair closer to Tony to give Rhodes an easier access.  "Thanks," he said with a small grunt, leaning back in the chair and closing his eyes as he set the cane to the side.
"This scar is the reason I hate people like you," she said.  "The dragons are foolish, but I didn't dare get close to them.  The Red Skull's old notes about them made it clear their telepathic abilities were too strong to bluff."
Tony took a deep breath.  Too small was equally horrific, because that had to mean young.  But Steve-
Tony nodded.  Or tried to, given the shaking and dry heaving, but Clint got the point.  "I'm gonna get the doctor now.  They wanted to let you come around naturally, but now you're awake they might give you something to help with all of this."
Steve pulled up a map, dismayed at how hard it was to find anything when so many things started with 'Doom'.  "Get Director Fury on the line.  I need an emergency meeting stat," he said, setting the tablet aside to dress quickly.
The mouth that claimed his was everything Tony had been missing since he woke up again, and this time his knees did fail him.  Steve lowered them both to the floor, keeping Tony in his lap as the kiss broke.
Natasha wrinkled her nose.  "They're considered bad form.  People you love should know how you feel before hand and it gets messy when you survive anyway."
The new uniform was easier to move in, he'd give it that.  He wasn't too keen to find out if it really did stop futuristic robot energy blasts, however, so he kept his shield close to deflect the beams.  Thankfully, decapitating robots in close quarters was just as satisfying as throwing his shield, and seeing the wires up close as the machine stumbled back fulfilled a dark desire Steve usually tried to ignore.  It got his blood running the way nothing else ever did and as much as Steve hated it, he
"Just a dream," he said aloud as the nausea was replaced by fine trembles that chilled his body.  He pulled his knees against his chest and focused on breathing, not the resurfacing thoughts.  It was harder than it should be.  What would Bucky think, if he could see Steve now?   Bucky would...
"But can you tell me what it looks like from the outside?" he asked, because he trusted her judgement on most things.
"And now they all know we're here, thanks to your noise," Steve grumbled as he reached the top.  He peered into the tower, sticking his head through one of the windows.
Tony shook his head, pulling away reluctantly.  "We've already changed the vision," Tony said.  He pointed to the small crystal he'd taken during their dance.  It was hooked around one of the cooling flaps with a small rope from his kit.  He'd made the hole himself this morning as it charged.  "It'll be different."
"You might as well come back down.  If you can, that is."  Tony grinned. Steve was sending him some very offensive images of his lack of sexual prowess.  He learned more about dragon sex through Steve's grumpiness than he cared to think about.  "I don't insult your performance issues."
Tony hadn't been good enough.  The suit hadn't been good enough.  He balled his fists and stood there as the helmet judged him, then he took the helmet off the rig.  He turned it in his hands, the blank eyes not giving him any relief.
This might very well be his chance to get the crystal for Viper.  If nothing else, that was at least something he could do.
"It's the principle of the thing," Tony replied, clutching the coffee against him.  "Still no hits," he said before she could ask.
Steve stifled a laugh, feeling a little guilty for not coming forward.  The butterfly flew along the bush, slowly bringing Tony closer to him anyway.  He supposed he'd be found out soon.
He chuckled softly to himself, remembering Margaret and James keeping him up at night more times than he could count.  Steve had always...
"Stark needs me back in the lab with the Tachyon readings.  For the record, you're probably wasting your time looking for parts, but if you find any, Mr. Stark wants it stat."
"We won't last long like this," Tony said, teeth chattering. He was tired of being cold and shivering.  Just
Fury snorted.  "Doubt a kiss would wake up the princess this time," he muttered, and Steve felt his ears burn at the implication, even though he'd been thinking the same thing earlier.  Then Fury sighed.  "I'll see if we can't track down Reed Richards to add him to our think tank.  Take it easy, Cap.  We'll figure this out.  Until then, the world still needs you."
"That could be arranged," Kor'la'vin said, though she looked suspicious.  "I wasn't aware a hero would change sides so quickly."
The moss had nearly faded entirely by the time Tony made it back to the clearing with the gate.  He was hot and tired, ready for one of those dragon baths even if he had to share with curious dragons who telepathically broadcast everything to the other dragons.  He wasn't expecting to practically slam into a wall of worry as he stumbled out of the jungle though.
He could have this.  He could have this, and while Steve had no idea where this would take them, it would be his.  And he had the feeling it was going to be one hell of a ride, but he wasn't going to let that stop him.
," a firm and familiar voice said above him.  Very close, in fact.  Too close for comfort (but not close enough), and Tony realized he was being held by a pair of strong arms rather than being pinned down with something on top of him.  "Calm down," Steve said after a hiss of pain.
"Gives it more acceptance for some people, seeing their favorite celebrities not being straight. Other people just enjoy hot guys making out," Natasha said with a shrug. "It's up to you, Steve. Just remember you can say no."
Steve's breath caught as Tony was revealed.  He looked exhausted with deep bags under his eyes, and Steve wondered if he'd slept at all in the time Steve had been down here.  Being frozen wasn't the same as sleeping, after all, and it had been evening when Steve went out to fight Kang.  Steve had spent more than a few hours down here drawing as well, not including the time he'd napped.  But Tony was beautiful like this, with his hair mussed and the dark tresses falling every which way.  They stood out against the red and gold of the armor in a way that made Steve long for his paints.
Abruptly, she turned to Peggy and Tony couldn't help but feel relieved.  There was something unnerving about Wanda, and the way she looked at him made his skin itch.  She had a presence about her that Tony could only describe as raw power.  She seemed kind though, even if a little nutty.
Neither of them appeared to have heard the noise, so Steve relaxed as he walked over.  "Mr. Stark," Steve said, holding out his hand.  "Thank you for agreeing to meet with me."
real?  What if... What if it wasn't?  Could he get his hopes up?  He felt a hand rubbing his back, and Tony looked up to see Bruce smiling at him sadly.  He didn't dare look at Steve.  Because if he did...
They stayed like that long enough for Steve to lose track of time and for Tony to stop trembling.  It was nice in ways Steve was going to have to think about later, because he never asked for his love life to be made into such a mess when he was perfectly fine waiting.  But that could wait for another time.
' read Steve's transcript.  Above it was a picture of the Howling Commandos, drawn from Steve's memory.  Bucky had been the hardest, because Steve couldn't quite let go of how much he had failed him.  Was still failing.
"Well, I did want them erased and it's done now," Steve said, his anger showing as he flung his hands out.  "You were
"You're better than a blanket," Tony grumbled, then sighed as Steve slipped back under the covers.  Tony proceeded to claim Steve's space as his, impersonating an octopus as he sprawled over Steve's chest.  There was a sleepy pout in his voice as he spoke again.  "Don't go away this time."
"We can't, remember?  I think we also don't hold on to them as long as dragons do.  At least, not for some things."  He leaned against Steve's flank, pressing his forehead into the dragon's shoulder.  That feeling terrified him more than he would have thought possible.  If he couldn't fix this...
"I... may have been knocked out before I fell."  He looked around, but there was no sign of his least favorite priestess.  "I'm okay, Steve.  I aced out when I fell and my pride's the most bruised.  What happened on your end?"
Steve felt his smile widen at this, and he laughed a little nervously as a blush of his own crept up his face.  He had a date.  Now he just had to not screw it up.  "Tuesday at seven, then?"  That should give him enough time to come up with a plan of action, because asking Tony out might have been impulsive, but he wanted the date to be well-planned.  Considering Tony was a billionaire who went on plenty of dates, Steve would have his work cut out for him.
"You sure I'm not double-dealing to him?" Tony said, returning to his crueler tone.  "That's what everyone else would say."
The exploits of 'Captain America' looked to be almost as popular as his time in Marvels.  The newspapers ate him up, proclaimed him to be the all American hero that the war effort needed, which offended Tony slightly because the newspapers never fawned as much over him.
, he remembered, thinking back to one of the USO girls who had wanted to be as elegant as the French dancers.
Suddenly, the whole chef routine made a lot more sense.  Well, Tony-sense.  For normal people, this was still baffling, but Tony sometimes lived by his own warped sense of logic that one could learn to translate eighty percent of the time with a little effort according to Rhodey and Pepper, and Steve had recently been putting in that effort for reasons he was trying not to think about too hard.  Steve was still working on his average, but this one was easy.
He was mostly finished, just adding some shading to Tony's chest, when the man in question started to stir.  Tony reached out to the other side of the bed as he rolled over, then shivered as he blinked wearily.  "Steve?" he asked, rubbing his eyes.
Aside from the stone crests, Tony hadn't seen dragons wearing anything else, so he supposed it was a fair question.  "Clothes protect me from the elements.  Also, my dignity.  All humans wear them."
When he checked on his heart, it was working better than before, the tissue mostly healed around the metal.  He didn't dare bring it up, however, not when the others might tell him that it had always been like that.  Even the United Nations seemed better off than they had been when he went down, so why not his heart too?  They wouldn't believe him if he said Steve had healed it.
There was a hand at his throat, crushing the metal inward so that Tony could barely breathe.  He tried to use his good hand to claw at the grip, but it was too strong.  His vision swam as the Skull rammed him up against the same wall he'd been captive against.
"I'm no good at this dating stuff."  Steve looked away and out the window, a sad smile on his face.  "But I'd like to give it a shot.  What do you think?  Still want to bury it again?"
This time Steve didn't need to ask after the reason.  The remaining robots, even the ones that had been downed, disappeared in a flash of white light.
helping.  "Just a message from Natasha," Steve said, calculating the distance from the kitchen table to the door and how likely Tony would realize the source of his discomfort in that time.  Highly likely.
JARVIS was silent for a few moments as Steve turned on his phone's camera. "Mr. Stark has said that you have access to the workshop.  I would warn you that he is not in a terribly talkative mood, however.  Unless it is important, might I suggest waiting for a better time?"
He felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand up as he moved closer.  There were no decorations ornamenting the stone, nothing but the skull.  He glanced around again looking for any sign of life, but there was none.  He looked back at the skull, feeling irresistibly drawn closer.
"And now I'll be able to call you," Steve said, his voice fond.  "No matter where you are up there, I can tell you how to find us again."
Steve discreetly checked his messages to see that the last one Natasha sent was gone.  He was torn between extreme curiosity and wanting to respect Tony's privacy.  Then again, Tony had already violated Steve's privacy several times over, so maybe he could tell Natasha about it later and hope she re-sent it to try to make him blush more.  Then it would still be her fault that he saw it.  "Dinner?" he asked hopefully.
"Hey, I just got it, so don't knock it.  Though I wouldn't mind some pants," Carol said with a chuckle.  "But I was thinking.  What if you made my outfit the sexy one and you went with a classy, elegant style for your lady thief?  That way we don't fall into the Madonna-Whore complex."
He forced himself to think through Tony's words, parsing what Tony wasn't telling him.  Something wasn't adding up.  Unfortunately, there wasn't much he could do if Tony wouldn't tell him.   "Then trust us to figure it out ourselves," Steve said finally, putting his hands on Tony's shoulders.  "Whatever it is you're scared of, we'll stop it."
Tony tried to actually picture a mental image of a baby dragon drawing for his mother, and the image was charming.  "Can I see your art?" Tony asked.
"Your sad eyes don't work on me, pal," Sam said, snorting smoke in amusement.  "And neither do yours, Tony.  You picked the wrong dragon to bond to if you don't like protective sides."
He opened his mouth and Steve's breath caught.  Then Tony snapped it shut and shook his head, knocking Steve's hand away.  "I can't," Tony repeated, and Steve could see his fingers shaking.  "The risk is too high.  The more people that know, the more things go wrong. Don't ask again."
Steve sighed, pushing against Tony's hands like a cat.  "It doesn't sound very nice up there," Steve said wistfully.
He waited until Ms. Potts looked back at the window before raising his eyebrows at Steve.  Steve, for his part, hid his sweaty palms behind his back and tried to think innocent thoughts like Bucky had coached him.  Kittens, puppies, and the American way.
"Just give him some time," Peggy said, sensing his unasked question.  "Steve needs to get his head on straight after that.  He's scared."
"The others are more than used to your sulking, Captain," Vision said reassuringly.  "I'm sure they don't mind."
"Steve, snap out of it!" Peggy said.  It was definitely Peggy's mental voice, even if he couldn't see her.
Tony closed his eyes, the fight draining out of him. "Okay," he said, swaying a little as he rested his forehead against Steve's shoulder for a moment, before denying himself the contact.  "You win.  Do whatever you want."
"This is where the mural rests," Wanda said.  She walked ahead of him, her tail swishing behind her.
Tony pinged her location.  She wasn't too far.  "Okay, kiddo.  Putting this on the loud speaker so Cap can hear," Tony said, redirecting the link to include both of them and sending Steve the relevant biodata.  "Your call.  Think he'll trust it's you if you keep flying?  Cause you don't have a lot of cover where you are."
"She's not going to be part of Stark's pet scientists," Bruce replied, also sounding tired, but not green.  "She doesn't need to get mixed up with all of this."
No, he wasn't.  But when he didn't have someone in his head looking through his thoughts, he didn't have to admit it.  "What do you want?" he asked curtly, eyes scanning over the document.
"I think," Steve said, swallowing again.  "I think he tried.  He said something about it not working?  The more people who knew, the more variables.  The more things that could go wrong.  Doom knew and Iron-" Steve cut off, remembering at the last second that they were the same.  Tony really had been doing this all alone.
Tony laughed.  A real, genuine laugh that Steve found himself drawn to.  This was nice, sitting here like this.  It was like he had found a place again.  The kitchen was more expensive and high tech, but if Steve closed his eyes he could picture his old apartment with Bucky or Peggy sitting by him.  Except now it was Tony, awkward and hurt, but still warm enough to draw Steve into his orbit like the moon that could only reflect Tony's brilliance from afar.
Tony hadn't remembered any of that conversation.  He had been, as Steve suspected, mostly still asleep.  Considering Tony's face when Steve told him that he'd been the one to request that particular drawing, Steve rather thought he had gotten better than a canary after all.
Pushing the shield up into Kang's chin, he followed through with a punch to his gut that sent Kang flying into the portal.  The pulsing black circle grew wider at the intrusion, and Steve found himself stumbling forward, being pulled towards it despite how his body was repulsed by it.  He had to...  pull away...
"Hang on," Sam said, ducking under the hydra head.  Tony nearly blacked out when Sam rolled to avoid the poison, but he clung on to consciousness desperately as Sam flew like a bat out of hell to get them out of reach.
He woke up to muttering, hearing words like 'octopus' and 'cuddle monster' along with several words his mother disapproved of.  The latter became more constant as he gripped at the warmth that was trying to move away.
"Don't think so," Rhodey said, looking to Pepper.  "You took your helmet off.  Smell anything funny?"
Tony leaned back against Steve's chest, pulling the parachute over both of them again.  It wasn't much, but it was better than nothing and it was military grade that Tony himself had worked on.  Waterproof, which explained his relative dryness, come to think of it.  He rubbed Steve's arms, trying to give Steve what little heat he did have.  Speaking of...
Fury closed his eyes, looking older than Steve had ever seen him.  "Not on the surface.  Phil always was good at reports.  But he realized the problem before his debrief with me and insisted he never found out Iron Man's identity.  It was too late to change course by that point, and he was putting out fires."
He limped the rest of the way, the light getting brighter as he went.  It was also getting hotter, but not unbearably so.  There was a break in the murals, and Tony slowed to a halt in front of what looked like a gate where the light was coming from.  He drew his gun, ready to shoot if there were any Hydra goons on the other side.
He should have known the illusions would be just as stubborn as the real people.  "Tony, look at me."
him, that he could take the pain from Steve. Steve should never have to hurt that much.  He didn't deserve it.
"Tony, hey.  It's okay," Steve said, this time succeeding in getting off.  He pulled Tony up before returning to hug him.
Steve's reply had no words.  It was very rude though, and Tony was given the impression that no, getting down had not been in Steve's original plan.  He was sadly too high up to stop now.
Steve was conveniently omitting the vision where Tony knew he was going to fight it alone.  But Tony didn't bring it up either.  They were going to change it, no matter what. "I think there might be some stairs over here.  I'll try those."
Kes closed her eyes, and for a moment, Susan wondered if she was going to say no.  Then she smiled weakly.  "I'd like that," Kes said, her voice barely above a whisper.
"Mr. Stark-" Steve said, reaching out to put a hand on his shoulder and turn him around.  Stark was pushing buttons and pushing them hard, and Steve was out of patience.  "You're not fine.  What's wrong?"
"It's not going to happen," Tony said, his hands fisted tightly against his side.  "I'll change things."
"And Natalie also deserves her own movie too, even if Natasha hates them.  She was pretty kickass," Jan said.  "But obviously, they're not making a movie about her either.  And since Natasha doesn't want movies, I will step up as the obvious choice for a Hollywood blockbuster."
"There's an army out there," a male voice said, strong and clear.  A commander if Tony had ever heard one.  "He's human.  You know what the last one did!"
Steve - bless him - actually ran to the control room as Tony activated the hideout's defenses, Leon close behind him despite how that had to hurt his leg.  Tony threw the camera window at them rather than explaining, helping Susan along with the armor as his fingers flew along the base's defense systems.
"You don't have to answer now," Steve said, waking Tony from his thoughts.  "And I can leave if you-"
"I wouldn't," Steve said, anger pushing though his headache as he raised his voice to be heard over her.
"You're just as bad as Steve," Tony muttered, throwing up a course suggestion, which Susan followed.  It took her higher, and directly over the second artillery gun that she could take out easily.  The course took her through one of the blind spots so she only had to dodge one set of pulse cannons.
"But you were Captain America," Leon said, finding his voice.  "You were always...  I just made a mess of being Cap."  He couldn't protect Kes or his parents.  Even Susan had gotten hurt.
Steve didn't sit down, just pressed the nearest buttons he could, smashing everything he could get his hands on.  Pain erupted in his spine as he was thrown back yet again, and he was really starting to resent that.
Steve grabbed hold of his wrist, not tightly, but firm enough to let Tony know he wanted the other man to stay.  "Cap?" Tony said, looking at him uncertainly.
That explained a few things.  Tony made a mental note to always take his helmet off if he ever did bring the suit back out.  "It was a little muffled, but I could hear you yelling while I had the suit on.  I could still hear you, and some of your feelings."
Tony screamed again as he was jerked to the side, gasping in pain as claws wrapped around the armor and pulled him up.  Not the hydra's claws.  Sam.
Steve didn't recognize the song, but Clint doubled over laughing.  Thor himself looked highly pleased, and Steve sighed.  He was getting better with references, but he hated it when even Thor knew one he didn't.  It made the cold creep back, missing his old friends who talked about things he understood.
Bruce met Clint's eyes again, pushing his glasses up his nose.  Bruce barely ever met Tony's eyes on bad days, so that meant he was even more worried than normal.  "Tony," Bruce said, half-reaching out for Tony's shoulder before he stopped himself.  "Are you...  Did something happen in the dream?  You, ah... You've been quiet recently."
Blood rushed to his face as she spoke, and it took all he had to make his thick tongue move.  Unfortunately, this hang-up wasn't due to his hangover, but Ms. Potts herself.  "I... uh.  I mean... What can I do for you, Ms. Potts?" he finally forced out, wanting nothing more than to bang his head against the table.  He could talk to pretty women now with a bit of help from Natasha's acting skills and some practice, but he still didn't know what to do with a compliment.
Steve let the anger go.  It wouldn't do either of them any good right now.  He nodded to Tony, then stood.
Steve sighed as he sat down, and Tony got the impression he wasn't usually that self-conscious once he learned how to control his strength in his post serum body.  The thought also implied Tony was part of the cause, a fact Tony didn't know what to make of.  "I have to get
"Steve, huh?" Tony hid a smirk at the thought of sulking dragons.  He didn't think 'Steve' would appreciate the name either.
"And don't go harrowing the nurses in the meantime.  Don't think I didn't hear about that downstairs," she said as she walked to the door.
It sucked, as Tony liked to say.  But if he was asking Tony to try and change to over-come his issues, then Steve had to learn to do the same and give Tony the space he needed to do that.  Because they were both making a mess of things now.
"He is a sentimental fool," Doom said, continuing before either Steve or Rhodey could redirect their anger at him.  "But a noble one.  It was an honorable sacrifice."
"I'm sorry?" Tony said, not sure if he was apologizing for being a disruption or not following her meaning.
He held out his hand and Steve snorted, lowering his head so that Tony could touch his cheek.  Tony did so, and allowed Steve's claw to touch his.
Steve laughed weakly, making a mental note to be better.  Tony deserved better than a hovering husband.  "Natasha and Sam pulled me aside to 'chat' about it."
The ground shook again and a vicious roar made Tony clap his hands to his ears.  Tony could make out another monster clawing its way through the hole in the ground.  This one had twenty heads.   Tony couldn't believe it.  All of that was for nothing?
Kes closed her eyes as they threatened to fill again.  "I know... I've always known...  but why does it
"I've always known she liked Leo," Kes said, shaking her head.  "She's had a thing for him ever since...  I know that.  But he's never looked at her like that before.  And now-"
His breathing evened out eventually, and he tuned in to what Tony was saying.  "-doing it wrong.  I know I am.  Shit, I should probably be rubbing your back or something?  This is weird, isn't it?  I just did what Pepper used to do for me.  I - it's bad, touching me on my back or shoulders when I get like this.  I always liked it?  But it's different for you and, fuck, I'm terrible at this.  I shouldn't be saying that.  I'm sorry.  I don't know-"
"Because Iron Man isn't around and you made the very wise choice of not trusting Clint to put you in a monkey suit," Natasha said, taking his chin gently and turning his face with a soft hum.  "Clint cleans up well enough, but clothes are a means to an end for him.  You actually want to look good, date or no."
Making sure that Tony was staying put, he grabbed the eggs off the burner and checked to see if they were salvageable.  They weren't, and Steve felt a moment's pang for the waste.  Then Tony started laughing, and Steve felt his own smile start to hurt with how wide it was as he turned off the stove.
"Glad to know that legacy died out," Tony muttered, though there was a dark look in his eyes.  "I used to make weapons before Iron Man.  Lots of innocent people died because I wasn't paying enough attention."
"It doesn't go away, sugar plumb" Tony told her.  Susan felt her throat constrict.  "But it does get better.
"It's not," Steve said, hand going up to rub at his forehead, but Natasha batted that away as well.  He sighed. After Iron Man's rejection, the last thing he needed was to think of this as a date.  It made him miss home and his proper time.  Made him miss Peggy, who returned his feelings.  He never felt like this after talking to Peggy.
"That ship sailed, Tony," Steve said, finally looking away and allowing Tony some relief.  "She's moved on.  And to tell the truth, so have I."
"They will die here once we have what we came for," she continued, standing up and going back to the crystals.  The moment was gone, and though she wouldn't touch the heart pump, she was still just as ruthless.  "The Red Skull was a fool to try to turn them to our side.  I have found a creature that will serve us far better.  All I needed was one of these crystals to wake the creature up from it's long slumber."
Steve felt the nausea coming back up and he didn't think it was because of the hangover.  It was appalling thinking of how many people must have done that for Ms. Potts to have that as a ground rule.
.  Tony didn't look any better, though he'd been happier once Steve had authorized a mission for Susan to get more supplies.  Tony liked being active, and he knew how taxing waiting wore on both them.
"Oh, thank God," Steve said, and Tony could feel the breath that rushed out of him as Steve's chest went down.  "I'm sorry.  I didn't want to hold you down, but I couldn't let you go in this cold."
Tony snorted instead of replying, clinging to Steve a bit tighter.  "So is going up on Tumblr?" he finally asked with a small wriggle that Steve assumed was supposed to be sexy.  "I don't mind.  Everyone's seen it before."
"Doesn't matter.  He's not on our side for this, but we'll get them back," Steve said.  With or without Iron Man's help.
"Fights and all," Steve said softly.  "Because right now it's killing me more that I don't have the right to hold you any more, knowing it was my fault."
"But an easy love would suit you ill," Thor said, and Steve wondered if that weren't half his problem.  Even with Peggy there had been so many things that got in the way.  "Let us see if there is any way to keep your companion's attention, as I do not think Bruce will mind."
"Everyone hides things, Cap.  You need to find out why he's hiding it.  Because that's starting to worry me," Fury replied.
Iron Man's scream cut off his thoughts, but he refused to look, knowing he could do nothing for Iron Man right now.  Pushing himself up with his shield, Steve made a dash for the chair.  He just hoped it wasn't too late.
"All the more reason to go now."  He walked forward, then drew a sharp breath as his head spun.  That was okay.  He could work with dizzy.  He'd done it in the past.
Tony flinched.  The heart pump was failing.  It was hard to pull air into his lungs.  Gasping, he blinked hard and saw his father - no, Zemo.  Dad was dead.  Before him was Baron Zemo of Hydra.  "You're... You died.  I killed..."
"To a time corridor," Jane said.  "As far as I can tell, it's not set up to actually go anywhere.  He would need some sort of stabilizer for it to be safe, but he hasn't been able to make one."
"You're crazy," Tony said instead of replying to that.  "Bat-shit insane.  Seriously, how did you even-"
"Someone's been here," Tony said, looking at the floor.  It was swept clean, and Tony had some suspicions as to why.
Tony took his first waking moment to sit there and breathe, because that hurt like the dickens.  His chest
Viper looked at him, disdain in her eyes.  "You should be more worried about yourself.  You do not have what it takes to survive, Mr. Stark.  He's not worth the bullet," she said, turning to the naga for the last statement.  "Throw him in one of the pits.  The cold will do our job for us soon enough."
Tony's eyes widened, then he laughed and shook his head.  "I'll keep that in mind if I have to change the future in secret again next time.  So you-"
"He... He liked the human name Bucky, even though Johann said it was too 'American'," Steve replied.  "He and Peggy were always the best dancers.  But he tried to teach me, even when I was small and sick when I was little, so that I could ask Peggy to dance with me.  He was... He was my best friend."
"First hand, Mr. Stark," Pepper ranted in his ear.  "If you can take me along on your adventures, you can take me to war so I can do some proper reporting!"
Would it come if he called it?  No bracelets, but he didn't need those any more, did he?  His head was too jumbled to think clearly.  He tried calling the suit anyway.
Tony Stark could hardly be called shy, but coward wasn't too far off the mark at times.  Option two it was, then.
There was a barely noticeable tremble to his fingers as they glided across the screen and a indefinable note to his tone that alarmed Steve.  Had something happened?  "You're not fine," Steve said as Tony sat up.
Wanda leaned down, closing her eyes as she rubbed her cheek against his.  Tony was shocked to stillness.  The other dragons used their claws still; it was only Steve who ever rubbed their cheeks together, and Tony had gotten the impression only those that were really close did it.
Steve hated not being able to push.  He forced his body to stay relaxed, letting Tony work through it on his own.  He mentally prepared himself for Tony's rejection of the idea, because being stubborn about this would only put Tony on the defensive again.  And Tony was
Susan looked down.  She'd asked for Tony to find anything he could on Kor'la'vin.  Still nothing probably meant...
Once he could see, the problem was clear.  If he had the breath he had just wasted on being dramatic, Tony would have cursed.  He grabbed a few more tools now that he could see them and carefully reconnected the orichalcum with shaking hands.  Then he grabbed the extra flashlight battery, shucking the casing as quickly as he could.  He closed his eyes and didn't bother to attempt a deep breath, connecting the charge.
"I found a trail," Sam cautioned. "I'll need a few days to check it out. Wanted to check in before I left."
It was different than on the military base where Tony had presumably gotten special exemption with his connections and the blessings of Rhodes's family.  Here, Steve couldn't wave around his rank when they couldn't even tell him if Tony had started breathing again.  Tony was a high profile case, they told him.  No information.  It had been hours since they took Tony away from him and not a single word since then.
"And we can ask Mr. Parker if he could get some better pictures for news articles.  He seemed like a good kid who might want to help out," Steve continued.  "We can get people started talking.  Maybe it's too late for this movie, but if enough people speak out about it, then we can start a change.  It's a long road, but we won't give up on it."
It would have been an easy out to say Bucky was the cause of his inattention, and Steve had considered the strategic value of a retreat.  But he also knew that the old adage rang true: Nothing ventured, nothing gained.  He was curious about how Tony would react.
"He's not here," Tony said.  He hoped the pain in his head dulled the hurt in his voice.  He was abandoned again.
Everything he'd done in his life had been for selfish reasons.  There was nothing Tony could do to fix that, no matter how he fought in the War.  Every day more people were dying.  Innocent people and children.  Boys barely old enough to go to war, and genocide for thousands of people if they didn't fight in this.  Tony was one man, but he couldn't stop the War.  He couldn't go when the government was asking for scientists, insisting he could do more good than just sitting on his hands all day to build weapons.  He wouldn't even give them the suits.  What if that was a mistake?  What if he could have ended the War by now?
Tony looked at him, his mouth slightly open in a way that Steve had to resist leaning in and kissing.  "Why?" Tony asked.
Steve started at the unfamiliar voice, automatically reaching for the shield that wasn't there, but back in his room.  Would he have time to get it?  Who-
Tony flinched this time as Steve moved closer, but as much as Steve longed to hug Tony, he didn't quite trust himself not to also shake him.  "We've never really talked about this, I guess," Steve said, rubbing at his forehead, just above his eye.  It was easier not to talk about it.  Neither of them really
An hour after it was posted, Wanda came in to sit with him, curled up in a chair with a book Rhodey had bought her.  It was enough.
The ground shook violently and Tony fell forward into Steve's flank.  The familiar blue in the dappled moss light was more comforting than Tony liked to admit.
There was pride and excitement in Tony's eyes, though it was hard for Steve to read human body language.  Steve reached out a hesitant claw to touch Tony's covered hand.  The awe and wonder doubled and Steve himself felt pride at Tony's accomplishments.  He wondered how-
"I'm fine."  Tony didn't quite snap, but he was getting close.  Steve backed off with a meek apology and Tony sighed.  He wished he could rub his temples, but the suit stopped that right enough.  He didn't apologize, instead slowly opening the door as he peered around it.
Tony wondered what it would be like to never see the stars, the moon, or to never feel the sun on his back.  He shivered despite the warmth of Steve's body.  "The stars they're...  They're distant.  Just like small lights in the sky.  Sometimes I look up at the stars and I feel... small.  But they're also comforting.  They look a little different depending on where you are, but they're always in the same formations.  A lot of sailors use them to navigate."
Tony glared at him, letting the dragon know exactly how he felt about that sort of prodding.  "No, I mean that," Steve said.  "Not just saying it to make you go.  Though you should."
Tony opened his eyes, looking up at Wanda.  Anger forced him to his feet despite how his head pounded.  "Why did you show me that?" he yelled.
try waking up and lacking a tail," Steve grumbled.  "Dragon dancing was so much easier.  I think if I try to follow, I'll trip up even worse.  I haven't had a lot of practice with human dancing."
"You take orders from me too," Steve said, his voice soft and low.  The wind almost whisked it away, but Tony's breath caught as he heard it.
"You're the one sitting against the damned rock!"  Tony only just held back from shouting at him, and he considered that an accomplishment.  At least his hands were already shaking from the cold, because he was pretty sure they'd have been trembling anyway.
"No.  Just my mother and father and if they were 'married'?" Steve said as he pulled his head out of the building.  He made a small noise of frustration and a puff of smoke as he looked down at the nearest branch.  "That's not going to hold me."
"Yes," Tony said, his voice tight.  It figured that dragons would be gossips.  "It's... It'd be very dangerous for me, if word got out about it."
Pepper's hands fisted.  "When I get my hands on that Hydra bitch who did this to you, I will fucking string her-"
Steve started to move slowly, only having to stop and apologize twice for stepping on Tony's feet.  After a moment Steve's natural grace kicked in and they started to move across the balcony slowly.  Steve was looking up at the stars, not at Tony, and Tony hid the disappointment deep enough that Steve wouldn't be able to find it.  It was hard to be bitter anyway when he could feel Steve's wonder and amazement.  It wasn't like Tony could really compete with the night sky.
"Yes, but I'm officially allowed to be here," Pepper said, and he thought he could hear a smile in her voice.  "And I have his company to run and can't stay forever, but I can stay until you get back."
But if this were the dream, Steve would be sitting closer, smiling at Tony as he woke up.  Steve hadn't been acting normal when Tony saw him last, but he wasn't acting like he was in love either.
Iron Man," Steve growled.  "I saw who was in the armor and you are definitely not him.  You're not going anywhere until I get some answers."
"You don't know that," Steve said.  "You didn't even tell me about your plan, preferring to turn off my tangibility without my permission!"
"What. Changes," Tony asked again, marching up to Steve and pressing on his chest.  "Because you are
Steve frowned, putting his phone down.  "You've got some of your older suits, right?  You shouldn't-"
Kes's pillow was soaked, but she didn't care.  All she cared about was staying silent because she couldn't cry in front of the Skrulls - not that she had to worry about them right now since Susan...
It was so tempting, to stay down here and start a grand adventure again, just to get his blood pumping.  Like the good days Rhodey liked to talk about, quietly now, over the campfire while Tony stared into it like it could burn all the death away.  Even Pepper was weary, worn around the edges like the frayed paper she took notes on in the cold nights between missions.  The war was long and if there was an end in sight, Tony was too much in the dark to see it.  There was too much horror, too much death.  Too many camps where they arrived too late, with pits of bodies stacked high.  He was just...
Susan was shocked by the hard expression on Cap's face.  Anger filled her on Leo's behalf, and she moved to stand between them.  "You don't have to be so mean to him!"
"The ones that you wanted," Steve said, the first sign of frustration showing in his shoulders.  "Everyone's just making a giant fuss."
Not Capsicle, ice cube, grandpa, McFly, or any other nick names and pop culture references from the insanely long list that Tony had up his sleeve.  Which, granted, Tony didn't use as often as he did before, but Tony still had a thing for little pet names.  The way he had said 'Cap' wasn't like his voice when he normally used nicknames.  It was dull and lifeless, like a cursory greeting when he's distracted by a problem, and Steve was pretty sure that the problem wasn't keeping onion fumes away from his eyes.
"It's okay," Tony said, though maybe it really wasn't, because now the panic that he had mostly managed to keep back was bubbling to the surface.  "You can see everything-"
Steve was lounging in the moss light, reminding Tony of a cat sunning itself.  "I sometimes draw," Steve said.  "Or go on patrol around the area to pick off any thing that might think humans look tasty."
"What's up, sugar plum?" Tony said, his voice hiding the tension of his body, shaking Steve off and starting another omelet. Steve assumed it was to keep his hands busy as he listened.  He cracked the egg and Steve couldn't hear the phone over the sizzling, so he moved closer.
"Good luck, buddy," Clint said, offering Steve a lazy salute.  "We'll make sure the funeral is tasteful."
"Thanks," Tony said, quietly finishing his meal.  He pet Sam's head when it got close enough, and he could feel the happiness radiating off the dragon like a cat purring.
She was scrutinizing him in a way that made him fidget.  It wasn't sexual like so many other women (and some men) had given him since he got the serum, but it made him uncomfortable all the same.  Then she tilted her head to the side slightly, her expression softening.  "Why?"
"He didn't have to let me stay in the back for the whole flight if he knew," Steve muttered as he peered around to see an unarmed airman standing politely at the base of the ramp.  Steve sighed and rolled his neck, then stood and smiled ruefully.  "Guess the gig is up."
Steve hugged him tighter, smiling broadly.  "Go on.  Get the suit and we'll surprise everyone," he said, pulling away and taking out his phone to tell Natasha to make sure everyone was there so Tony only had to do this once. Even if Tony changed his mind, it'd be nice to see the whole team.
.  Maybe it was just the lack of hearing actual words other than his own voice for the past week.  It was almost a relief to hear someone who wasn't using a mental voice.
"I am not an alien, Captain.  I come from Earth in the 41st century," the man said.  He stood and walked towards him, leaving the chair behind.
The small light on meant it was recording, and Tony grinned broadly at the camera.  "Okay, listen up, past me.  There's two theories about this.  Either I am creating an alternate universe by sending this back, or I'm giving myself much needed instructions and I'm not chancing the latter.  Either way, good news!  We did it."
"Even computer programs could use a break, Tony," Steve said, gently tugging him away from the computer screen.
But Tony didn't do any of that.  His hand fisted as he pulled his mind away from the darkness and being alone.  "Shoot," he said, because when was he able to tell Steve no to anything?
"I'll always come back for my best fella," Steve said, his accent thick enough that Tony laughed.  "That has a nice ring to it though.  When the War ends..."
He shrugged.  "Obi yelled at me for being reckless and wasting time and money.  I'm just planning out future investments, because Gabriella
Tony's mouth pressed into a thin line and he stood up, not once even glancing at Steve as he tossed the tablet down.  "You know what?  This was a mistake.  Stay up here if you like, but I'm-"
Half an hour later when Steve's stomach was full and he was slightly more awake, he met Tony on the ground level.  His wings were fidgeting and for some reason Tony couldn't fathom, he seemed hesitant.  "Are you alright?" Steve asked as Tony finished up his berry salad.
Tony scowled and Steve kissed him on the nose where the butterfly had landed.  He was glad to see the look of wonder from earlier replacing the scowl.  Steve was going to cherish that smile no matter how long this lasted.
"It's just a headache," Tony said, opening his eyes again.  This time the light didn't hurt, but the headache didn't leave.
"Our friend merely needed to be told everyone was safe," Thor said, carrying Tony out and trying to shield him from the worst of the storm.  "He has a noble heart indeed, worrying first for others rather than himself."
Sam's flying evened out as his wings picked up on the lift.  He rearranged Tony so that the carry was slightly more comfortable, causing Tony a jolt of pain that he had to grit back a cry for.  "What are your wounds?" Sam asked.
Tony looked at him, and Steve could see him wavering.  Steve pushed his anger aside and schooled his face into the most open and accepting expression he could manage.  Tony looked from him to the machine he'd been working on, then down to the ground.  He bit his lip.
Jarvis had all kinds of rules when Tony was growing up.  With his mother taken by consumption when he was a child, Jarvis raised him after his father....  Well, Jarvis had a lot of rules.  One of them was never drop a gun.  When loaded, it's dangerous.  When empty, it was still potentially useful to the enemy, or could be used as a blunt object.  That was the rule, simple and concise, and Tony saw it as pretty decent common sense.  It was one rule he always followed.
He swallowed, then swallowed again, forcing his back straight as he took the rear exit to avoid the crowd that was going to form.  He managed to get five paces from the back door before he doubled over, dry heaving the empty stomach that had already upturned its contents once today.
Steve considered the question. He mostly posted little doodles of the other Avengers or ordinary objects or scenery. He still preferred drawing by hand, but the tablet was very convenient so he found himself on it frequently. So time-wise, it wouldn't be too much of an issue. A request though... he'd seen some of the other artists do them, or they took commissions. As long as there weren't a lot of them, it shouldn't be too bad, right?
miss being wrapped up in dragon, but that didn't mean he couldn't get used to this as well.  "I can take care of myself, ya know.  And it's not like you're tiny now."
"You won't even tell me what's going on!" Steve said.  "You haven't given me any reason to trust you when Tony Stark is involved!"
"I thought you'd like the changes," Steve muttered, then shook his head.  "It's not that big a deal, Tony."
for Christ's sake.  He hid that thought away, however, knowing it would only serve to make Steve feel guilty.
, hearing all those times Clint was pushing to get an answer, or when Steve was acting too judgmental, or just the team indulging in gossip on their downtime.  He'd never once defended himself, just accepting the Avengers' words as truth.
"You don't need to," Sam said, dark eyes following the dance above him, though Tony got the feeling his attention was only half on it.  "But be careful with him.  You're leaving after all of this, aren't you?"
Cap looked concerned, but this wasn't a topic she could talk about with Cap.  She didn't know what else to say, however, which lead to an uncomfortable silence.
Natasha was stretched out on the couch reading when they found her.  "Really?  Tolstoy?" Tony said as they came in.  "Isn't that a little too Red for a turncoat to read?"
Leon felt pinpricks at the back of his eyes, but before he could blink back the tears, Cap pulled him into a hug.  His breath caught in his throat.  He was so tired of fighting, of the pain, of trying to live up to the legend that just held him down.
Which probably meant more sleep.  Sleep meant dreaming, and seeing Steve again.  Steve was dead.  But he nodded again, watching as Clint shared a look with Thor before leaving.
"They won't be hurt," Iron Man said.  "They shouldn't have been there in the first place.  Fury's right about international incidents.  Besides, Doom isn't the problem!"
"Color me impressed," he said, looking at the now well-lit room.  He'd seen all sorts of clever tricks the ancients used, but dragon fire had a different sort of light that put him at ease.
Just like that, Tony's resolve was washed away like a leaf on the river.  He took Steve's hand, hoping his nerves didn't show.  "Think you can do it without stepping on my toes?"
"The metal doesn't bother me, and it's definitely not magic.  This is all science," Tony said.  Steve reached out a hesitant claw, which Tony touched with his gauntlet.  He could feel Steve's awe and wonder, and it warmed something in his heart that Tony was sure had been cold since the War started.
"Rhodey woke up," Tony said again, clutching the phone against him.  Then he laughed, a bright, carefree sound that made Steve want to pull him close and feel Tony's smile against his own.  Steve pushed that thought away, squeezing Tony's shoulder and sharing his friend's happiness.  Because friends was all they were.
Tony couldn't breathe.  This wasn't just friendship.  All those things Tony thought he'd been imagining, they were real.  They were real and Steve wanted him.  Wanted him enough to let Tony spend money on him and make Tony feel needed.  Was that what changed?  Steve finally understood?  "Steve," Tony said, his voice softer than he'd meant to make it as he forced himself to breathe again.
Steve considered his answer, knowing it had to be a real one.  "Because I don't think Iron Man is as much of a fiction as you say, and he helped me with a lot of my problems.  Even if you aren't him, you
"We're still angry at your dumb ass, yeah," Sam agreed, though he didn't really feel as angry as he had been.  He pushed a plate that held lightly burnt meat and vegetables towards Tony.  "But you're our friend and you've had a hard day.  And Steve..."
the first few missions she had tackled on her own.  She'd only thrown up the first time, but she still hated it.
Kestrel looked guilty, which wasn't a good sign, but she nodded.  Rhodey gave him one more hug, then followed Leon out of the room.
Steve wondered how long the apologies were going to work.  There was obviously something wrong, but that didn't excuse Tony lashing out.
Steve wondered how many times Tony just wanted a bit of positive attention growing up.  From the files, he hadn't gotten a lot of it from his father.  Or apparently his surrogate father.  To be considered a good guy for once in his life, he could see the appeal.  Iron Man was someone people
"It's nothing against you personally," Ms. Potts said.  "But we've seen him hurt too many times, even by people like you who actually want to try."
"What happened?" Steve asked, pushing aside his mixed feeling about Natasha spying on Stark like that.
Tony nodded, unable to speak.  He looked down at the crystal he'd broken off, seeing taking in the sharp lines and the milky haze at the end where he'd snapped it.  The rest of it was a clear golden color that emitted a faint light.  He curled his fist around it, then focused on the song, settling on being glad for the armor.  Steve and Peggy wouldn't be able to tell if his smile wasn't completely genuine when they finished.
"Tony," Jarvis said, surprisingly gentle for one that was usually so rough.  He'd only heard that tone once before, when Jarvis had told him his father was dead.  "You were down there for twelve hours.  There's no such thing as dragons.  They're myths."
It was Steve's turn to blush, but he put an arm around Tony's shoulders to pull him away from the armor.  "You bet I am, mister, but to sleep.  No funny stuff," Steve said sternly, which got a pout out of Tony.  "And what'd I tell you about calling me by my name?"
Tony's eyes dropped to the carpet, which was admittedly a tasteful-looking one, but generally not worth a genius's attention.  "Still comatose," Tony said flatly.  "No change."
Steve knew that Tony cared a lot about Rhodes, and that it was torturing him to know his tech was still being used to hurt people, but he'd never guessed how far that went.  While he hated seeing Tony like that, the depth of that caring left him a little breathless if he thought about it too hard.
To his surprise, Tony did stay quiet.  He didn't look at Steve, turning back to the pieces of the silver armor.
"Thanks," Steve said awkwardly, accepting the cup.  Tony made for the other mug, but she slapped his hand away and gave him the cup of juice.  Tony glared at her, but sipped his juice in sullen silence as Ms. Potts claimed her mug.
Susan fidgeted on screen, tensing her hands into balls.  "It'll be fine," Tony told her before Steve could say anything, proving he was paying more attention to the cameras.  "You've got back-up this time, Rhodey."
"Sorry," Tony said.  "You don't... I can build a shelter, you know.  You'd be more comfortable sleeping inside, right?"
Steve caught on to Tumblr lingo pretty quickly, and though it was weird, he got used to the idea of other people 'shipping' his teammates. As long as he could avoid seeing himself on there, he was fine. Which, amusingly enough, got him a few questions about if he hated Captain America and why he didn't draw Cap more. He usually responded with a Captain Americat. It was enough of its own character that he could use it to poke fun at himself without feeling too self-conscious.
"Jacques and Jim are out for the count, but they'll be okay with a bit of rest.  Dum Dum and Gabe are working together now.  Not as smoothly, but they're giving the hydra hell all the same.  Peggy says Sharon is fighting beautifully and we've trained her well.  There are four heads left.  I think we've got this on the ropes," Sam said, nostrils flaring.
He finally pushed himself up, cleaning off as best he could with the sheets since they were already a lost cause.  Tony was very different from Iron Man.  While he loved Iron Man for his selflessness and goofy humor, Tony was sharp and bitter.  Tony wasn't a fighter either, just giving the Avengers the money to operate, which was pretty selfless too.  Just not in the same way.  Tony was a civilian, and somehow just not the same as his love for Iron Man.
Thankfully, she didn't faint.  She just looked at him with wide green eyes and nodded, though her disbelief and horror still shone through when she looked down at her hands.  Tony sighed.
"Lotta people think that, Cap," Clint said with a shrug.  He looked a little rough around the edges from when he'd been thrown into a rose bush, but his arms had been patched up.  "He doesn't help himself very much.  But as much as we would all agree with you, the last thing we need is a row with the catering staff."
Taking one last breath, Susan straightened up and made sure her attackers were down - then shot at the controls one more time for good measure.  She flew back out the window, parallel to the train.   Putting on a boost of speed, she raced ahead.  The train was fast, but thankfully she was faster.
"You made a portal without me!" she said, pushing him in the chest, none too gently by the look on Tony's face as he stepped back.  "'Join me in science,' he said.  Then you stole my work and-"
Sometimes Tony really hated magic.  "I'm not leaving him," Tony said simply, because if she was catching a ride, Steve damn well better be too.  "And if you kill him, I. Won't. Leave.  So you can either get the leaf we need to stop the bleeding or we can all die here."
"Rhodey," Stark said, then shook his head.  "Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes.  He's...  He's an idiot."
"The other human gave us names as well, but I think this time I would like to choose.  May I?" the red dragon asked.
Shaking his head to clear it, Steve left his room.  He technically had his own floor now, but he moved in before it had finished, staying in the common areas Stark had made for the Avengers to use and he'd just never left it.  He used his floor for drawing and for when he wanted to be alone, but more often than not he stayed in his room on the communal floor if just because being closer to his team sometimes chased the nightmares or lingering loneliness away.  Iron Man had understood once he explained it and said Steve was welcome to keep this room as long as he wanted it.  He felt a bit bad about wasting a whole floor of space, but Iron Man said Stark insisted on keeping it, rather than letting it out to someone else.
Tony looked over in shock to see Viper standing in front of him.  The skull was nowhere in sight and he should have shot the damn thing considering what he'd seen in the vision.  He cried out as his arms were pulled further apart.  Dark red tentacles were holding him in place.  When did that happen?
Looking around while he waited, Steve saw nothing that could help him in the hallway.  He settled on taking off his shirt, starting to tear the fabric into strips.  It was only his under shirt since he'd been working out, but it would do.  He wished he still had the wrap from the gym, but this would protect his hands a little at least.
"The last human felt blank," Steve said, his tail curling tightly around him.  "There was nothing where his mind should have been.  You are guarded, but as long as you aren't in the suit, I can still sense you.  He felt like a blank canvas, but with no potential beauty to make it gleam.
"Okay, you got me curious now," Iron Man said, his voice a little apprehensive.  "Tell me there's songs of-"
Steve pulled away and Tony felt flushed at the smile Steve gave him.  "Come on," Steve said, his eyes holding both a mischievous promise and passion.  "Let's get some dinner."
The train ground against the metal of her suit.  Tony chimed in her ear about the suit's integrity still holding.  Soon she had to slowly cut the power on the repulsors so that she wasn't pushing the train too far.  Finally, she let go completely, letting the train slow to a halt on its own.  She flew off a little ways, watching it come to a complete stop with some trepidation.
"Let's go downstairs," Steve said.  "I know there's ice cream, and Thor's always up for a game of any sort.  Bruce should be around too."
Pepper sighed, then leaned up to kiss his cheek.  "If you say so, Mr. Stark.  I expect a full report on Madame Hydra for my article tomorrow though."
Tony woke up with a gasp, pump working overtime to regulate his heart.  It was hard to see, but he could feel Steve trembling around him.  "Steve," Tony said, petting Steve's head gently before thinking better of it and rubbing his cheeks.  "Steve, come on, buddy.  It's a dream.  Wake up."
"What the hell, Steve!" Tony said, grabbing Steve's closest hand.  The fabric protecting his hand was splattered with blood and had a few bits of glass sticking out of it, which Steve would admit probably looked bad.  It didn't feel as bad as it looked at least, though Steve doubted that would remain the same after the adrenaline rush died down.
"Why not?  It's working so far," a bitter voice responded.  Steve forced himself to relax, recognizing the voice if not the tone.  Stark.  The billionaire had a guest over, though why he was in the Avengers' common area was a mystery.  Maybe he was just showing it off to his guest?  He'd never, not once to Steve's knowledge, actually come up to the Avengers' quarters after he'd finished designing them.
Tony gasped, pushing his arm down as he tried to grasp at the breath that remained so elusive.  He wanted to push the goddamned dragon away, but the sense of calming redoubled and he was able to breathe a little easier for it.
shared a bed with anyone in a long, long time; Tony was attracted to her and he hadn't even seen her yet.  Not that Tony wasn't attracted to most skirts (and a few trousers when it came down to it) with a healthy appreciation of all kinds of looks, but voices weren't generally a thing that did it for him.
Steve's eyes went wide at that.  "What about Hank?" he said, letting his anger channel through his voice.  It wasn't jealousy, no.  It was purely him looking out for Tony so that he wouldn't be a homewrecker.
Wanda's nostrils flared in what Tony had learned was the dragon's smile.  Her wings flared out behind her, but not to intimidate.  Quietly, he was thankful for the dragon's telepathic natures, if just because it made reading their body language easier.
The dragon's eyes were disapproving, but he could feel the amusement rolling off of her.  "You're a scoundrel, that's what you are," she said, bowing her head and touching his cheek with a careful claw.  Tony tensed, but relaxed when he realized it was a light touch.  "But you may call me Peggy."
Tony turned on the flame thrower, not thinking about how Steve often used the same claws to pet his hair.  The severed neck sizzled as Tony kept up the flame, Steve clawing at the remaining eye on the other head to keep it from attacking Tony.
Tony waved it off.  "You were protecting the city.  From what I hear about the last several humans, they weren't so friendly."
"I still can't get over the fact you all knew him," Tony said.  He'd dreamed of the others meeting the dragons, but this was almost cruel.  Everyone had those memories except for him.
Tony was surprised to wake up.  He was even more surprised to be warm. Sadly, there was no third surprise about being pain-free.  What he wouldn't give for some aspirin.  His arm and leg hurt like the dickens, though he did feel a little less bruised.
"I regret to inform you, sir, that the Damocles weapons and on board systems are directly under my control," JARVIS said through a speaker on the chair.
, though Steve knew how dangerous that line of thought could be.  Right now he felt like a lost soul in a black-hearted town, and having someone just as broken beside him was a comfort he wouldn't forsake.
"So," Rhodey said, startling Steve out of his thoughts.  Steve looked up from the towel he'd been using to wipe off his post-run sweat and caught a protein bar before it hit him in the face.
.  Tony fell back, dropping the gauntlet as Sharon's shriek echoed through all of the dragons.  He could feel Steve reaching out to her, but all that came back was pure berserker rage and Peggy's name.
Tony checked his watch, then looked back at the portal.  "And that's probably all I should tell you.  Frustrating that I can't give you a step by step, but with the other people who might be listening, I shouldn't say too much.  Though this will go right under Kang's radar as too low tech, Jane figured it out enough so keep an eye on her.  It took us nine times to get it right, but we did finally, so keep up the good work."
Tony looked around as much as he was able.  No Rhodey or Pepper, which meant he hadn't been out that long or that the Avengers had convinced them Tony's injuries weren't that bad.  The latter was unlikely, but he didn't think anything was broken and there were usually plenty of reasons to agree with a logical Bruce when the man put his mind to it.  Speaking of Bruce, the man was slumped over Tony's bed, his glasses askew on his face.
he'd ended up in this position, or when his hands had gone from boxing Steve in to clutching at his shirt, but he definitely did not mind.  In fact, it was really, really good, especially with Steve's tongue in his mouth.  Tony let out a small whine as he pulled Steve closer.  He could get used to this.  In fact, he could-
Tony stumbled as the second guard went down, the world twisting around him.  He looked back to see - a machine? - no, that wasn't a machine.  It was water.  Buckets of water they had held him down in.  Was it?  It was hard to see clearly.  Didn't matter.  He wouldn't build them weapons.  He had to go.
He was pulled into the long hall as Tony desperately worked out angles and how the hell tentacles were stronger than the armor.  That was a completely unacceptable design flaw that he was going to remedy in the next upgrade.  He shivered.
Tony moved a little ways off, firing the thrusters at fifteen percent.  The canopy was thick, but between the dragons and the earthquakes there were plenty more holes to maneuver than there had been before.  It was easy enough to get out as long as he took it slow.
to stand down.  She wanted that badly.  She was scared, and she could see Shadow1's face in perfect detail as she was buried under the landslide, down to the fear in her eyes as she called out for Susan to help.  It was so easy to imagine Kes or Leo there as well.  If she failed...
Viper had the gun.  She must have gotten in a lucky shot, because the snake-man cried out, clutching at his side.
"Tony," Jarvis said, his voice bringing Tony up short.  "I can't say I like the thought of you stepping out with another man, but you've always..."
Kestrel stilled for a moment, then continued to fight.  "Damn Skrulls," she said, twisting in Steve's grip.
"Other dragon clans, though that sort of war is less common now," Peggy answered, sliding behind him and watching Sharon closely.  "There are other dangerous creatures under the earth as well.  Some sleep, forgotten by time.  Others are more common.  You should consider yourself lucky that Steve attacked you and not a manticore.  They are less willing to be reasoned with."
"Y-yeah," Susan said, wondering if she was missing something.  But then, Kes took her hand and placed the Iron Man helmet in it.  "The best," Susan promised, her hand tightening around the helmet.  She wasn't going to let Kes be hurt again, not if she was going to be Iron Woman from now on.
"And once he got a dose of people applauding him - really, genuinely meaning the praise, he couldn't stop.  Because the moment people found out, that would be gone," Rhodey said sadly.
"Why were you-" Tony broke off, feeling the anguish and loss of Steve's bond with Bucky.  The broken ache that never left, waking up to chase after traces of it in his mind, only to realize there was no one at the end of it.  Empty.  Hollow.  Half of what he should be.
Steve really hated Natasha.  "It's nothing," he said, knowing he was going to have to come up with some kind of retaliation that wouldn't put more stress on her leg.  Sadly, he doubted he could catch her sleeping, but maybe if she was distracted, he could get some revenge by drawing on her cast.
"Easy, Tony," Steve said, his face pale in the now lit cavern.  "I'll be fine.  You need to go first."
He focused on his lingering gratefulness to whatever woke him up as he tied his running shoes, glad that he could afford more than one pair of shoes, especially in this more expensive century.
"Come, sit down," Cap said, gesturing to the bed as he sat down himself.  When Leon didn't move, Cap patted the spot next to him.
He got the impression the red dragon was laughing at him.  Though there was no sound, he could hear a musical chime that belonged to the dragon's mental voice.  "We do not have names as you know them.  We call each other by the reflections of our souls.  Is it difficult for you, human, not to have names?"
Tony looked up at him in surprise. "You usually take to new technology pretty quickly. What happened with the tablet?"
At least this time Tony hadn't turned defensive.  He looked concerned though, and Steve didn't want that.  He didn't know what to say to soothe the worry, however.
He took a halting step forward, looking around in wonder.  There was a city in the distance, which could be what Hydra was after.  The thought made his blood run cold despite the heat of the jungle.  For him to have fallen down here, Hydra couldn't have been too far from finding it before the cave in.  The thought of Hydra with their tanks and guns down here, destroying everything in sight that wasn't a weapon...  It was all too easy to picture.
Sighing, Steve picked his sketchbook back up as he tried to calm down.  Tony had to have cameras in here.  He sincerely hoped JARVIS would mute that conversation.
She held the bowl against her, refusing to give the ice cream up.  Tony held up his hands in surrender, and just for that she turned the polka dots into flowers.
"We won't," Steve repeated, and Tony felt himself relax without quite meaning to.  "Besides, kids are pretty tough.  We've already seen how resourceful Susan and Kestrel are, and I doubt Leon's far behind them.  And we'll be here if they need us."
He pulled at the restraints - not Steve's hands.  God, he wished they were Steve's hands.  He heard snapping and felt a sharp pain against his skin as the ties broke.  Someone was yelling, scrambling back in his chair as Tony swung at him, knocking him out cold.
"Hey, Tony," he said casually, taking in all that he could just from looking at Tony's back as he moved closer.  There was a tension in Tony's shoulders and a jerkiness to the chopping noises that made Steve worry.
"You were right.  I was being too clingy," Steve said.  "I asked Kestrel to make a few changes.  I'll stay out of your space now unless you want me there."
