Natasha gives him another look. "You need a team of babysitters. One for every limb."
"It's Hydra. They want to turn her," Natasha interrupted, looking over Steve, who looked like he was going to be ill. She briefly explained what they learned from Zola. They were using ghost of a dead man to do it. A ghost of James Barnes.
"We had to chase him down," Rollins added, bitterly.
Toni shrugged. "It could be worse," she replied. "Granted, have you seen what I am wearing?"
"Yes, Miss. Would you like if-"
She glanced down at the file. Without actually looking at it, she could tell it was about her as she saw her face staring up at her. "What's this?" she asked.
She took a deep breath as she arrived at the light and rested her head against the post. The poll was cold to the touch, almost freezing her fingers to it, but she didn't pull away. It wasn't as if she wasn't already freezing. Her thoughts were too negative for her to care about the cold.
Loki had been locked up tight since he had tried to destroy New York City. "There's a chance he can help, or if not, there is also a chance he knows who did this." He knew the likelihood that Loki would help them was low and that he would want something in return if he did, but Fury had to do something.
The Colonel, as well, was interested in that, because he couldn't think of anything reason why someone would want a glowing object in his or her chest. What could that device possible do that would make it worth putting it in her body? As it was placed near her heart, it had to have been dangerous to intergrade it into her body. He guessed it had to do what that reactor did.
She waved it off. "Not important."
"Do you believe these lies you tell yourself?" She asked as she reached for the gun in Toni's hand. "Just fooling yourself." No amount of struggle from Toni could keep the gun in her hand when the commander pried it from her.
He didn't want to bother Toni with his issues, afraid that it would be too much for her. He didn't want her to know the guilt that he was feeling, the shame and mistrust he felt. "I know, Toni."
"There you go again," he said annoyed.
"You don't like to accept help."
Honesty was one of Toni's biggest issues as it needed her to be honest with herself first, which was something she couldn't do. It would require her to admit she was weak, and she couldn't do that. Pluse, she never knew what was going on in her head in the first place, as she overthought herself into a hole. "Ain't I always?"
At hearing that, her whole situation came crashing down on her. All jokes aside, she was in a very tricky spot, and there was a chance that she wouldn't be able to get back. She might be suck as a fucken Corporal for the rest of her life, and she didn't want to be a fucken Corporal. She wanted to be in her lab, inventing shit, as Pepper ran her company. She did not want to listen to some asshat, telling her what to do. It went against her very nature, her very core.
"Your arrogance is exhausting," he said, glancing at the window.
"Why thank you." She paused as she put on a smile. "You don't. It's a shame, isn't it? Picking on someone smaller than yourself?" she mocked. She glanced toward Steve, who was looking intensely at the ground.
"Hey!" Clint said, pretending to be hurt. "I'm good with the ladies."
Toni would let him be happy today, because he would probably not see her again. Either she succeeded and got back to her time or failed and ended in jail. Though she felt bad at the thought of leaving him, she had to do it. She had to get her device back, and now that her cast was off, there was no stopping her from breaking into Stark industries.
Toni glanced between the two and that pukey feeling from earlier returned. Why were they staring at each other like they were going to eat each other? Why in the hell was Peggy wearing that dress? Was she just trying to show off? If she was, it was sure working, because Rogers was looking at her with such an intensely that it annoyed Toni.
(See the end of the chapter for
Natasha's eye twitched at it. "I can knock him out for you," she replied, as she twisted her body around a man, taking him to the ground. "You will just have to carry his fat ass back to the jet."
"Can we get through Christmas first?" she asked. "Or rather, our makeup Christmas? You know. Not really Christmas, but we missed it fighting evil! The Forces of Evil!"
Maybe, this was a mistake. Maybe, all of this was a mistake. She knew she shouldn't have got too attached and put too much weight on his shoulders. She knew she leaned on him too much, knew she expected too much. Knew that she was making putting too much on him, but she just wanted him. Just wanted something more… Damn it, why was she so selfish? Why couldn't she be strong enough on her own? Why was she so weak? Why—
Out of the three items, there was only one that he cared about. Only one grabbed his attention and flipped some switch in his head. Allowing the other items to fall to the ground, he stared at the remaining image. He recognized the younger vision of the man he had killed in the photo, but it was the woman next to him that caught his attentiin. He froze when he noticed her. There was an undeniable pull to her, and the urge to hunt her down was great, overwhelming. He had no idea of who she was or even if she was still alive, but there was something at the back of his head, telling him that he
Toni's eyes widened. "What?" Did he really say that? Did he hit his head? Where was her phone? She had to call JARVIS and Bruce to check him out. "But Shield-"
Besides her parents, Aunt Peg and Rhodes, she never had someone pay for her, as she was always the person to pay, even Stane had her paid with some off handed joke. Okay, that wasn't exactly true, as she recalled how Shrimp Steve brought her dresses…Ugly 1940's dresses, but dresses nonetheless. With barely anything to his name, he went out his way to help her. She also remembered Barnes and him giving her a place to stay when she was just a stranger. She had nothing, completely nothing, and they helped her without a second thought…well, on Steve's part. Barnes, on the other hand, thought his buddy was crazy, but he came around. In the end, they became something else… A family? She didn't think something as simple as someone paying her-taking care of her- would create such a warm feeling in her chest. "Well, I am pulling no stops then," she said, giving him a wink. "The works."
Counselor Laura: Please explain to me how that happened. I have so many questions and have no idea where to start
BITC: Are you working to find Daisy’s cousin? Also, is there any truth to aliens kidnapping somebody in Mumbai? I’ve seen some interesting chatter in the superhero forums.
HSBF: You know I would’ve been okay if people thought that she was your girlfriend.
Me: He will always be my baby. Since the moment I held him the night when his parents died, he’s been my little boy. He is always going to be my baby.
Tony: Close, but not exactly.
Purple Princess 2018: We get things done. Hey, it's me, Afia. The princess just went to call West Coast Division Chief McKenzie and give him a heads up. We might have to send some people his way.
Me: Friday, let me talk to Steve alone.
“Would you like for me to tell him what happened?” Ana asked.
TMNS: I don’t want you to be dust.
Red Malibu: Mrs. Purple Arrow is going to have to stay behind to mitigate. I think this means indefinite detention for Spidey and school dance chaperoning this Saturday for Mrs. Purple Arrow, but I’m not sure.
Me: I think that’s the only reason why I didn’t drink myself into a puddle.
At the same time, I’m worried. I saw you after Siberia. Not in person because you were and still are avoiding me. But your bruised face was all over Twitter. I don’t know what happened because you won’t tell me since we don’t have that type of relationship anymore, but I’m concerned. I know you can hold your own, but he’s a lot stronger than you are. Jim said that you two have worked it out, but I am concerned. Just because we stopped sleeping together doesn’t mean I stopped caring. I’m always going to care about you.
To be continued…
Red phone: If it keeps you alive, it is worth every single second and every penny I put into it.
“Do you think that maybe by divorcing you, May is letting go of agent once and for all? You won’t be her buffer anymore?” Tony asked.
Nomad: I really hate Hydra.
Tony: I am currently having lunch with the shareholders/investors money people, not the actually take care of the money people. That’s why I want to bring out the butter knives. Surprisingly, the accountants are less boring. Also less fake smiling and conversing with people that make your skin crawl. This should totally be a Pepper thing.
Me: So glad you’re going with the clean version. I also feel like I have less unfinished business than last time. When I flew up into the wormhole, I tried to call Pepper. She didn’t answer. But if something like that happened again, I would call you just so I could hear your voice one last time.
Venom: Good. Bring ice cream, and maybe I won’t need to put you on pillow duty again.
Hi, Uncle Tony:
Counselor Laura: Tony?
Me: I'll do my best cuddle bunny but my track record is pretty awful in that regard.
Purple Princess: image three uploaded
“Understandable. Let’s go find my drop kit.”
I’m sure that makes everything a little easier. Also, congratulations on Platypus deciding to keep you guys in the shadows. I know you were wary about Shield becoming public again and now you don’t have to worry about that. Rebuilding of public image is hard. I’m still the Merchant of Death after nearly a decade of not selling weapons. The murder bot fiasco didn’t exactly make that any better.
Tony: Completely plausible. I did some of my stupidest stuff during 2001 and I totally would’ve slept with a scientist at a conference.
The Mechanic: That would just be a nice bonus. Although, if you go to the State Department to renegotiate the Accords, who will be in charge of secret Shield. I don’t think you can do both.
BFF Ned: Are you still hanging out with the princess? Or are you on some secret mission? Should I be sending these text messages to the other number?
CoulsonPJ: He was joking.
“And your kids.”
Venom: I’ll give you a massage when you come. That usually helps. What the hell were you talking about in that meeting? Are aliens coming again?
Red phone: Thankfully Kevin is really good at scheduling around those. I’m never going to be able to find someone else who can do that again.
What I feel for Tony is completely different. All-encompassing in a way. But it’s real. I love him. I don’t want to think of a world without him there because he makes things better. He makes me better. He’s caring and compassionate and yes, he screws up a lot, but he tries. He never gives up trying to make things better. To fix his own mistakes and he is aware that he’s not perfect. He’s not trying to be.
We are in the bad timeline for one more chapter. We switch over to the other timeline for conversation 35.
Me: It kind of scares me because it reminds me of how I was post New York. I was a ghost. I think I’ve been that way for a while. Therapy has been helpful.
T Stark: I‘m pragmatic. This is going to be a tough conversation. So should I tell the lawyers to work on the defense against kidnapping? They’re going to be so pissed at me for contacting you without them being in the room.
Me: I’ll try to sometime Sunday morning.
“Will do Snow Bunny.” Tony said kissing Steve’s cheek before starting to write.
Genius Princess: It was something you didn’t need to know.
"If it was just the job, I would’ve locked you and Stark in a room together to work out your problems like Fury ordered me to. But you were more lost than I was after Bahrain and I was just starting to deal with that when Phil was killed in New York. I needed to focus on something and helping you helped."
Tony: Oh, good news, the studio is going with my suggestion of him playing Bruce instead of the guy from Fight Club that looks nothing like Bruce, but whatever.
Cuddle bunny: Do you actually believe that if we keep talking to each other we will become ‘unbroken’?
Nomad: 1, He is not with me on this mission. Only red and her advice is essentially just sleep with Anthony.
The Big Boss: I do want to know about what's going on in your life, but we need to set up boundaries. Specific sex activities are things I don't want to know about at all, including but not limited to, rashes and STIs.
“No, I tried to text message my Nana. I thought that by using my phone, I could create a bridge between the two timelines. It didn't work.”
"Because Steve sitting is a full-time job and thanks to me gaining a daughter-in-law because I set a horrible example when it comes to dating an international fugitive, you have an opening." Tony joked.
Blue phone: I’m not sure they would actually read them.
Red phone: Obviously it’s hard to maintain a relationship with someone who doesn’t understand why you need to miss a dinner to prevent a massacre at the UN.
“OK, definitely a positive quality, but I want more. Tell me what you love about me.” Oh shit, he didn’t mean to say that out loud. “I mean, tell me what’s great about me. I say stupid shit when I’m sleep-deprived. I think I  got about six hours in the last three days because of trying to figure out how to do all of this.” When in doubt, blame sleep deprivation.
Me: Also at this point I think the Liberty Protocol is just leave him and Red Malibu in a room so they can fuck it out, the SHIELD protocol anyway. Really, we should have done that four months ago.
Counselor Laura: This is why you have always been my favorite godmother of my kids. It makes total sense that you two are conspiring.
Monkey Lover 2: She’s gotten better. You should see what she can do with a tub of ice, some fake blood, and an LMD head. That didn't happen in this timeline, but she still has the skills.
Counselor Laura: Wait, you sent drunk text messages to Steve?
Me: That is suspiciously specific. Who said that?
"No, well, better than I did. Thank Dr. Suarez for that. You were protecting your best friend and I was trying to protect you and we both just assumed that the other person wouldn’t listen to us, so we didn’t bother to explain ourselves well or at all. Sometimes, I wonder if we had started our text message honesty exercise earlier then we could totally be snuggling in our bedroom at the upstate compound right now."
Me: That’s good. I think.
“I will. I’m sure it was a lovely proposal.”
Me: In the category of things that are not making the news to keep everyone from panicking, Culver University has the distinct privilege of being the only university to have two faculty members transform into very large beings due to exposure to an unknown chemical.
Me: Although, do we really want to lose our guide? She’s been drawing this crazy big purple alien/raisin with a shiny glove, and I think his green daughter. That he hurls off a cliff, I think. Baby bird never really explains things well. I’m trying to decide if that’s an improvement on the world cracking apart.
Red phone: Of course it was. ;-)
Cuddle bunny: It doesn’t mean I’m used to it.
Cuddle fiancé: ????
“I really do understand. It’s important, and Deke would want her to get help. If she needs Hunter there, then he needs to be there. We can make other childcare arrangements.” Apparently, May was already making those arrangements for them.
“Her biological parents,” Steve acknowledged.
Anthony: Oh and it looks like you sent a card, a very NC-17 card. I should’ve took the blue envelope as a warning. And you included an inside image of us kissing. Maybe that should’ve been an outside image. I am so glad Laura is not letting Lily Bear come up here right now. At least not until I'm done unpacking.
Hunter: You really are a futurist.
Pepper is the big boss because of course she is.
HSBF: Well, as long as I’m adorable, it’s okay.
Nomad: Did lunch go that badly?
HSBF: I thought Senator Nadeer is still refusing to resign and claims the whole thing is a conspiracy created by Inhumans to force her out. I hope you’re having Ana send them to voicemail.
"Probably as well as my daughter-in-law can handle being around me despite the fact that I am directly or indirectly responsible for the deaths of three of her family members. If you do remember she never once ran out on Avenger pizza night when I dropped by. I'm thinking about sending them a toaster but I feel like I need to give a better wedding present. Would a Mercedes be too much? Maybe a safe house would be more practical though. "
“And I’m grateful for that after the Sharon fiasco,” Tony remarked. “Seriously, don’t date people I’ve changed the diapers of. I would suggest the half your age +7 rule but I don’t think I’m going to qualify until I’m  65. Maybe for you, we can do half your age -7. So nobody under 42,” Tony smirked at him.
Tony: OK, I will ask Mary to book another suite at the Oberoi. It’s in the financial district. And lovely. It’s fine. You know I can afford lots of suites at five-star hotels.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last chapter. This conversation takes place about three days after the last one. Again, as much as Tony would love to do this five times a day, even twice a week is not necessarily safe.
Nomad: You’re not, are you?
Maybe the consequences are not as high for you and Tony, but you still have a company that you have to run together. It’s not just about the money or people’s jobs. Tony wants to be friends with you again. He misses you terribly. He has been lamenting for months about losing your friendship.
Red spider: I know.
Venom: No, I was too afraid to. But the end of the world is no excuse to rush things. Also, I'm still processing a breakup that happened less than 24 hours ago.
HSBF: How did the job interviews go for your new assistant?
D Fitzsimmons: After that screwup, I came across Dr. Stark's notes on time travel.
Purple Princess: Good choice.  Write up your experiences for R&D. I’ll forward them to the right person. I need to do damage control. I may have made a joke about you, MJ, and Benji becoming an OT3.
Me: So you’re terrified of losing him if you tell him the truth?
“What?” Fitz asked, surprised.
I think I want to be a dad, but I don’t know if I want biological children despite knowing that a gestational carrier is an option. I don’t think I should have biological children because I think I would pass on the super soldier genes and they would just be putting a target on an innocent baby. I don’t want that. I don’t want to make anyone else a target. Then again, any child I raise would be a target. With you, I don’t have to worry about that because you’re already a part of this. It feels easier that way.
Because I realize the alternative text is only coming up for those of us using screen readers, I’ve added it below:
“You still get headaches?” Flash asked, giving him a sympathetic look. Obviously, he read the last message.
Me: Are we going to try to go through all 34 remaining questions at the same time?
Then Vienna happened-- OK the false flag operation to get the Winter Soldier out of the shadows happened. I'll just say that when Steve's friends are in trouble, he makes questionable judgment calls. I have no room to talk because so do I.
“I know people change. You’re definitely different than who you were before Morgan was born. You’re calmer now.” Barely, Tony thought.
Nomad: I don’t think Clint trusts Coulson right now.
“Is your wife going to be OK with us sharing a bed? Because I’m OK going to the couch.” Even if it is a friendship with sex type of marriage, Tony doesn’t want to upset things.
“Natasha already tried, and she got nothing.” Or at least nothing she would tell Tony.
Red phone: Compared to you, I always am.
“I’m going to be in business meetings for most of the week.”
Me: You should probably get more technicians.
Happy Bear: Are you happy?
Anthony love: Your lack of response is making me believe that you’re no longer on Earth. With the Princess and little birds help theoretically, I’ve tapped into the interplanetary communications network, but there’s a lag time.
Me: If it exists, I’m sure Friday can find it.
The new consultant: Did you say, aliens? As in plural alien invasions. Aliens that want to wipe out half of the Earth.
Virginia: If they ever do get their heads out of their asses, you can stay here for a while.
May: Except that’s a lie. You know that’s a lie because you wouldn’t be there with him right now if there wasn’t a chance. I want you to have what I couldn’t have. I know you, Steve. You won’t make a move on him if we are still married, even if I pack lube and condoms for your overnight trip. You can’t make this work if we’re still married to one another.
(See the end of the chapter for
Anthony: Pretty much. Why talk about classifying the watchdogs as the terrorist group they are when celebrity gossip can get much better ratings.
You know there are days when I deeply regret leaving the Air Force. Like today when I was forced to make an unscheduled diplomatic visit to Norway. I’m pretty sure I’m the distraction, so the King of Cats and his team can do their thing. The life of a Deputy Assistant Secretary is exhausting.
Agent 13: Which is why he shot you with three tranquilizer arrows to keep you from boarding a plane to Canada.
Tony Potts: Before the Great Depression?
“Definitely probably but not today. Today, I’m going to see how fast I can undress you.” Tony said before leaning over to kiss Steve again. This time he responded.
“Principal Morita might know you too. He was principal at Midtown previously. He was moved here because both he and the vice principal of Midtown were not snapped, and…” Steve trailed off.
Nomad: That’s good.
Anthony: I think I'm flattered that you think I could get away with murdering him.
“We also need to get Laura an even better gift basket considering the next three questions.” Tony sounded concerned.
“What happened?” The Princess asked
Red phone: I’m being watched too closely right now. I’m not going to risk leading them right to you when you’re not healthy enough to fight back despite the fact I want to kiss all your boo-boos. I want to touch every single inch of you to prove to myself that you’re still here and with me.
Counselor Laura: You’re a version of him. Just like I’m a version of your Laura. It’s just maybe at some point, I took a different path.
Tosha: Obviously, someone is still bitter. Simmons is starting to talk. According to Simmons, you were in on her plan to bring your wife and Leo back to this timeline.
“Son of Coal is no longer dead?” Thor asked, surprised. Apparently, Sif can keep a secret.
Me: No, it wasn’t.
Purple arrow: The fact that a block is in place for that information tells me that they didn’t.
Red phone: Like starting a war with the superhero community and making out with the recently deceased’s grandniece?
Me: It was a different time. The only person I told was Peggy. I only told her because I felt like if we were really going to start something she should know.
To be continued.
Me: And since you won’t stop doing things that will get you shot, she decided to give you armor that will make it a lot harder for you to die on us?
BITC: Laura got kidnapped by an alternate version of her husband and is trapped in an alternate version of 2023. Half of us disappeared because we lost to somebody named Thanos? Who is he?
Anthony love: You didn’t tell her?
“I will. I’ll also burn the one in Hunter’s room. Actually, I want to order a whole new mattress.” Tony actually shivered, and Pepper was trying not to laugh.
“Of course not. Mostly because they don’t serve them here, not the cow version anyway.”
“Joking about your death is also on the list. Also, the kids. That is definitely a line I won’t cross.” Tony replied sternly.
HSBF: And you’ve only lived for him for a couple of months not years.
“We don’t need Tony. Bruce and Simmons are already working on the way to bring you home.” Steve argued.
(See the end of the chapter for
StarkAE: Oh I’m ready.
Me: I would’ve felt better knowing the truth. I hate him staying out late, wondering where he is. I was absolutely terrified when Laura and the agent showed up at the apartment early Sunday morning. I was absolutely terrified when the ferry incident happened and I had no idea where he was. I hate that feeling.
Genius Princess: Also, we have much better methods of contraception and disease prevention. If desired, I will make arrangements for you.
Time sent: 9/2/2016 7:15:14
(See the end of the chapter for
Ana Jr.: According to my records, Yo-Yo did not die in the decimation.
BITC: How am I supposed to know what’s going on? Nobody tells me anything. MJ told you about her missing cousin before me.
Of course, you’re probably enjoying my movie education as well as music education. Friday keeps supplying me with songs. Although, with the counselor and I running missions, I do have a lot of time to listen, mostly when traveling to various undisclosed locations. Since Talbot knows about me, we’ve been trying to keep an even lower profile than before. So I doubt that you’ll be seeing much about Nomad anytime soon. I bet you’re kind of happy about that.
Tony Potts: I heard about that. It makes sense.
“I’m moving him to another hotel tomorrow anyway because I have realize that you and Happy probably shouldn’t be in the same building or maybe even the same city. I could always do it a little early.” Tony said trying to go back to unfastening Steve’s pants.
Me: I’m so glad you got real food, for once. I was going to cater a very Stark Thanksgiving but Rio and Muneeba a.k.a. mommy Ms. Marvel said no. It was the least they could do. So turkey with Puerto Rican rice without the normal pork products included. But there are also fried plantains.
"You’ll keep an eye on Tony for me? I’m worried about him and what Ross could do to them." Steve asked.
Red Malibu: I know. And it may not be the popular decision, but it was the best option. That’s what people like us do.
HSBF: Tony is just a friend. Is he going to be okay?
Red phone: Also, his aunt has been cracking down on his afterschool activities since he got beat up by ‘Steve from Brooklyn’ a couple of weeks ago.
“I considered sleeping in Hunter’s room after I remade the bed, but I found a bottle of KY in the middle of it. I’m just not going to be able to sleep in there. How could he defile my guest room so quickly?” Tony shuddered.
Tony: Well, thankfully for you, it's your lucky day. Look out the window.
Me: That’s understandable.
We are on the Avenger/ATCU/Shield channels this time around, so different codenames. The Purple Princess is Afia, which is her field codename as well. The system is forcing her to use her Avenger call name now, unlike the day before, because we are now in active apocalypse mode. The genius princess is HRH Shuri. Once again, MJ is the new consultant.
Girl Friday: Considering what we talked about last night, that’s probably wise. So, if he’s with his mom, I can’t even send a text message because she hates me. Loves my cousin but hates me, and she’s the one who caused him to pass out in the first place.  It wasn’t my fault he couldn’t reconcile his email friend with my Royal cousin.
The new consultant: That you’re not used to the world we live in yet. Your mind was just trying to come up with the most rational explanation possible. You should probably ask Simmons to give you the orientation.
Anthony: That may have been the Friday junior OS on your phone.
Tony: Due to the fact that so many of my employees have tried to kill me. He’s also running one on Peter’s friends. Especially Miss Future Protester Michelle Johnson. I expect her to throw red paint on me at any moment. I kind of like her. She reminds me of you.
Me: You miss your friend?
: Refers to Clint a.k.a. Hawkeye and is an allusion to the Green Arrow comic book series. Official Avenger database codename. Retired shield agent.
Me: I was talking about bringing the counselor with me. Last time I could leave him with Red but that’s not an option this time.
Me: I distinctly remember telling you that he hasn’t been dead since about a week after the New York fuck up.
T Stark: Not until he’s 18 and only if he stays fighting crime. I’m hoping we will have something better in place by then.
Director May Rogers: I’m well aware Steve is in love with Tony and has been for a really long time. Pepper and I have been trying to figure out for the last year how to set them up.
(See the end of the chapter for
Girl Friday: But at what cost? [message not sent]
Counselor Laura from 2023: He's a broken version of you. He is a man who’s wife and children disappeared out of existence when he had his back turned. He blames himself for ignoring the emergency phone calls of Fury, May, and Coulson. Although I totally understand why he ignored Coulson's phone calls because he didn't actually know he was alive again.
“That’s not good.” Tony mumbled to himself. He told Leo he was paranoid by putting EMP shielding on all the new Avenger super-duper secret cell phones as well as an EMP alert. Obviously, he was wrong. Once he pushed the alerts away, Tony saw several text messages from Monkey Lover.
Warning: This chapter does have some references to information that we discovered in WandaVision. Of course, it's been twisted for this timeline.
Tony: I hope somebody is getting footage of this. This is glorious.
Steve: No, you were right. It was the wrong time to ask you about what happened. You weren’t well, and you lost someone you really cared about. I’m the one that needs to be sorry, and I am.
May: In some ways, that makes it easier. At least in one timeline, Phil and I got a happy ending. I’m glad she got that.
Me: The personality of this LMD would be like Friday, not Ultron?
Me: Do you think Mr. and Mrs. Purple Arrow will be OK?
Me: Of course they are, even though I’m sure it’s the escaped prisoner. Piper mumbled something to Davis about superpowered maniacs with a God complex. I’m going to absolutely love this debriefing when they get back to DC.
Counselor Laura from 2023: I don’t entirely disagree. It was a version of your father that brought me to this timeline, but that’s because he needed my help. But I’ll be back soon. So that’s still no excuse for Connor hitting your dad. Tell him he’s grounded for at least the next two weeks. Ana, I expect you to institute the grounding protocol.
“The Princess genius is probably still reading these messages and I don’t want her to tell her brother because I’m not quite sure how he feels about you at the moment. Especially when they are still in the country and I don’t exactly want to risk getting you turned over to the FBI or the CIA in an effort to improve international relations. The president named Ross, CIA Ross, official representative to the country until an ambassador is appointed. Which, you know won’t happen until a New Secretary of State is confirmed, probably sometime in January.”
“Let me know when you get to LA.” He heard Steve’s voice break.
SimmonsJA: Well I’m not doing this to make friends.
Tony: Coulson already did. You’re a wonderful  stepfather apparently and have a heart of gold.
Tony: I mean, I’ve been working on something like that for the suit, but I’m not quite there. I was at least two more months out from having something fully ready.
You’re right, he isn’t ready to see you yet, but I am. He feels very guilty about the way he acted. However, I would come now if I could, but I’m working on something at the moment that’s really important. Also, your doctors want you to have more time to get adjusted and I respect their decision. But that doesn’t mean I don’t miss you, because I do.
(See the end of the chapter for
Agent Laura: I think that’s on the hard no list for my Steve and Tony.
“That’s one way to put it.” Tony opted not to push Steve and let him move on.
Jemma: I don’t want you to. Considering he’s married to you in another timeline, I don’t think it would be an issue.
The new consultant: I hate when you're evasive. So where is my cousin?
“We could stop asking each other questions," Steve suggested.
Ana 2018: Of course, Laura.
Hunter: Yes, more than once. I don’t know why he’s freaking out. I don’t think he’s a bad person to have as a step grandkid. I like him.
"Very wise. And she got killed because dad had too many enemies. I don’t want to take unnecessary risks and I think it’s safer if you keep a low profile."
Virginia arrived in her kitchen, fully dressed for her 9 AM business meeting. She’s hoping she can convince Tony and Steve to keep the kids until at least 11 AM because she needs Kevin in the meeting with her. She would have mentioned the meeting last night if she knew about it. But it ended up on her calendar overnight.
"That was my asshole first boyfriend who I thought loved me and instead just wanted to have a story for his company. Notice how his face was conveniently edited out. It's the reason why Steve is my second real boyfriend ever. So congratulations on realizing that most of the things in the media about me are a complete and utter lie."
“Do you feel guilty for getting him committed?” James asked, knowing about what she did the last time she was in America.
“As soon as we switch rooms, I consent very enthusiastically.” Steve kissed him again, “No ice play or temperature play of any type. That includes candle wax. I prefer not to top, at least at first, because of my powers.”
Anthony: It was a really big step for me because I really don’t feel like telling the world about my failures as a human being, but it would be worse if the Rising Tide hacks the ATCU and finds all the fake dirty text messages that I’ve been exchanging with Cuddle Bunny. That would be a PR disaster.
Me: He read the letter to me in an effort to get me to calm down, sometime around angry voicemail eight. You could’ve called earlier.
“You saw everything?” She asked.
Anthony: Mostly because Agent Scary would not put up with that. How much do you know about the second love of your life’s family history?
BITC: Emergency hiding place?
Genius Princess: In addition to the time travel, we are also dealing with an alien invasion by a group called the Confederacy, new Hydra, and finally another possible alien invasion resulting in half the universe being wiped out.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all lovely.
“I suggested that she talk to Fitz because a couple weeks ago he mentioned working on antidote to some sort of biological weapon that could literally scare someone to death. I think his research might be useful in this case. That kid is crazy prepared, which may explain why he’s taking a couple of days for mental health rehab. He needs a break.”
To be continued.
Me: Really, I’ve been looking for forever to use that song for an entrance like this. Besides, I have already answered half of their questions about the “Avengers’ Civil War”. I have to do some interviews momentarily, so we’ll just have to see if it does work.
Blue phone: Why are they sending you to therapy?
Anthony love: Hey sweetie pickle, I must go. Spidey senior is texting me on the Avenger line, but I will be back. Write me.
Tony: Why are you restless? I thought you were supposed to be going sightseeing with Lily bear’s aunt and the counselor?
HSBF: You would.
Me: So Monkey Lover doesn’t know?
Nomad: I’m not going to sleep with Anthony
(See the end of the chapter for
So I did get to see Thor: Ragnarok yesterday and it was fabulous. No spoilers from me but it doesn’t affect this story because the events take place 10 months to a year after where we currently are. The events of the second and third act of Doctor Strange have not even occurred yet in the story’s timeline. We are even two months from the epilogue scene from season three of AOS, so AOS season 5 will not be affecting us. (God, that trailer was awesome.)
Tony: At least Clint being back will distracts Ross for a moment. Did I tell you that the ass is not coming to this anymore? It makes me even more upset that I must leave early to do damage control press. But hey at least it keeps me from the wrath of Spidey’s aunt for a few more days.
FRIDAY: Lila is currently sleeping on Sir’s lap because she noticed he was sad and wanted to cheer him up by requesting he read her a bedtime story. Apparently that is one of his favorite activities due to his father never doing that with him as a child.
Me: I’m sure it’s a Chinese curse word. Friday can render the word in a text message, but will not tell me a definition.
So, I will reveal now that most of the events of Black Widow also happened in this timeline. The main events of the movie also occurred before the timeline split. However, the scene that took place two weeks later only occurred in one of the timelines. You’ll find out which one later. Also, the Avengers were out by the time that scene took place, but Natasha didn’t know. Team Coulson already helped to get them out without them knowing. That’s one big difference between the two timelines in this series and the sacred timeline.
Me: Did you write to Happy when you were in the air?
Chief Mechanic: Yes. Even BITC and May. Aunt May not Agent Scary.
Director Stark: That would be because someone who looks a lot like Laura’s husband teleported into the building about an hour ago and then teleported out with her. So, you are not going to the compound.
Steve: No, because they are not our issues.
“It’s almost nearly 3 AM, and I feel like I need to tuck you into bed again. Ana, are they working on anything dangerous down there?” Hunter was hoping the AI would tell them that there was nothing they needed to worry about.
Time sent: 11/12/2016 22:10:41
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last chapter. We have another interlude with a new character for Steve to interact with. Enjoy.
Anthony: I hope you’re right, Bunny Bear.
Shuri probably should have let Sergeant Barnes read his friend’s final letter under the supervision of his therapists just like he read the earlier attempts the day before. Especially, because she is certain that the second half of the letter came from Stark himself. However, she received a text message from Dr. Leopold activating the Friday protocol. That means she needed to go back to America within the next few hours and she really wanted James to read the letters in her presence. Over the last few months, they have become friends and James needed a friend while reading.
Me: I’m glad. Although that much money?
“She’s totally a work colleague that you just occasionally have sex with. I can’t say anything because that was essentially the first 3 years post-divorce with Bobby until Dr. Leopold showed up in our time stream. Although maybe you moved on to Mr. Flaming Head or maybe there's a threesome going on." That was when Daisy sent a slight vibration to Hunter's bum.
“Jim’s grandson would like for you to consider Brooklyn Vision Academy for your kids for next semester or possibly private school," Steve replied dryly.
“You’ve given up hope that you’ll get back to her?” Jemma asked remembering her own moment of hopelessness. She’s not entirely sure if she would have slept with Will if she had not convinced herself that she was never going to see Fitz again.
Purple Arrow: When?
“Because he looks more like the old you now then you do right now. They’re going to start shooting the Captain America story soon. Don’t worry, you’re getting a percentage of the gross profits.” Tony explains.
Nomad: That was Hydra.
Anthony: Did I mention that Senator Hateful is going to be there?
Girl Friday: That’s all I got from my dad. A quinjet will pick you up at 7 AM and bring you to the Lighthouse.
Francis: I wouldn’t call it conspiring. More like an understanding.
"But I know if May could be with Phil again, she would drop me in a second. I’m okay with that. We are each other’s anchor.”
Nomad: That’s not necessary. Although, could you have Friday scan a few and email them to me?
Purple arrow: You need to do it now? They couldn’t wait for you to at least spend one day at home.
Red phone: Touché
It’s completely serendipitous that we get an update on Daisy and Loki the weekend before Loki begins.
“She knows. If anybody is well aware of my daddy issues, it’s her,” Tony tells his boyfriend.
Me: I think I did that a little too much. We are too competitive. I hope we are getting better about that.
Blue phone: If you're angry about what he's doing, why did you go along with it?
"I aim to please, sir," Ana replied.
Me: Yes, she survived. She’s friends with Agent so he’s a pretty good judge of character. Usually. It’s also why I’m not worried about him and his partner knowing. He did get demoted for refusing to send out his team to find the wayward Avengers, even if they lied and said that it’s because everybody thinks that Agent is still dead. Ross is attempting to neuter him and keep me busy with red tape because we both know he’s the real enemy. Mostly because he’s a warmongering idiot who doesn’t have a diplomatic bone in his body.
“Changes are not always bad. You're not going to be alone. You'll be at the cabin with me.” Tony said, placing a reassuring hand on Steve's shoulder.
Cuddle Bunny: Why?
Me: Who?
“It’s hard to stay oblivious when there’s a version of us in another timeline that are engaged," Steve remarked.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. You are all fabulous. I’m glad everybody enjoyed the artwork. We have some plans for more in the future.
Me: Which apparently is another reason why he was demoted now that your namesake organization is making a comeback. Apparently too many people still think he’s dead to be in charge. Which is ridiculous.
Melinda: We’ve been to too many Chucky cheese days with Morgan for him to believe that.
Melinda: Tell him that I love him.
Me: Eventually I'm going to wear you down. I mean we're dating and we can't even make out because we are in different countries. Telecommunications sex was invented for situations like this.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last micro chapter.
Cuddle bunny: You have to stop blaming yourself for everything because all of us made mistakes.
It doesn’t take away the guilt either. I kept valuable intel away from Tony about what Hydra did to his parents. That information was used against him by an enemy who wanted to tear the Avengers apart because we couldn’t save his family. If Tony had that information, he couldn’t have been manipulated the way that he was. On a more personal note, maybe if I’d told him about Hydra’s involvement earlier he would not have felt so betrayed. Playing the what-if game works for no one.
Nomad: There’s too much damage. We need to be on speaking terms the next time the world almost ends.
CoulsonPJ: Also, Fitz integrated your burn phone technology into a new shield instant messaging system that we’ve been using to circumvent Ross.
Anthony: Actually Queens and his aunt, but don’t worry, we're going out because I didn’t think it was possible for someone to be worse at cooking than me. And yet I have met her. Although we could get some KFC and then yes, the Colonel would actually be there.
“Look, I’ve already confessed to what I did to your propaganda poster as a preteen. And you know what your name was in my address book.”
Hunter: I thought it was up to six at last count.
Cuddle Bunny: Of course not.
Xxxxx
These notes are at the end because I didn’t want to give anything away. This chapter is an adaptation of the first part of Thor Ragnarok but with 100% more Quake.
HSBF: Why do you think that Bucky and Peggy are who I would want to have dinner with?
It’s been 201 hours since I first arrived here, and I’m back to wanting to smack Loki upside his damn head. He is sleeping with the grandmaster. I think it’s stupid.  He thinks it’s the best way to survive. As well as our best shot of trying to find a way off of this planet. After 201 hours, I’ve concluded that these messages probably aren’t making their way to earth, or they’re taking weeks or months to get there. So I can’t sit around waiting for Robbie to come to rescue us. We’re going to have to save ourselves.
“May pointed out that I never cuddle her like that. Pepper sent her pictures from this morning.” He’s not even surprised Pepper did that.
Nomad: Well, there wasn't a lot to do the first few days of hiding out once we got to where we needed to be.
To be continued
"I love Agent so much. He is just the best. When he’s not fanboying over you or lying to us about being dead. Of course, now he’s probably going to glare at you for screwing his whatever they are, but I’m sure he’ll eventually get over it."
“Agent 19 is good and Lily’s aunt is happy to have her with us. The Rider misses his brother and his car but he likes the orange Audi. It responds to him well.”
“You should probably know that Melinda put me in charge of looking through your cell phone. She didn’t want Simmons to come across any more pictures of Fitz and Hunter making out.” Steve tells her, and she’s not surprised.
TMNS: Germany?
D Fitzsimmons: I think I'll go hang out with Stark's kid and her friends. Anything is better than spending more time with the grandparents of this timeline. Happy, well-adjusted Nana scares me.
The new consultant: Yes. I spent a lot of my summer there.
Me: You’re Tony Stark. People are always looking at you.
Yes, the Arlington house has a lab, which is why you totally should move there with the girlfriend. I’m sure your therapist would like that as well. It’s a large house, so you probably could invite Sky Quake as well. May be she would be willing to stick around if she didn’t have to live on base. Also, if you decided to work for SI you could work from there, instead of relocating to New York or Malibu
Anthony: He actually said "I wonder how long @SI_CEO_VPotts will stay at SI now that she is no longer “fully servicing” @Iron_Man”. Go check his twitter account if you don’t believe me. He has yet to have the decency to delete it despite having 20 comments by other people telling him to do so. Actually, most of them are telling him to delete his account.
HSBF: Probably. Go help out. We can watch a different movie together another time.
Yes, I believe Dr. Leopold is from a future, if not necessarily my future, and therefore for the sake of my people, I must heed his warning and prepare us for the worst possible consequences. I will not have the blood of my people on my hands.
I love Fitzsimmons and I love Fitz Hunter and in this story I get to do both. Thank you, time travel and the multi-verse.
After being married to a Shield agent for well over a decade and now being an agent herself for over a year, Laura has seen a lot of crazy stuff. However, having her estranged husband show up unexpectedly in her apartment at the Avenger compound was not something she was expecting at all.
“That’s good, though. Not that he still in treatment, but that they might have something available.”
Friday: Unfortunately, she did not.
“I think I get at least five more years of doing stuff like this.” She’s forgiven him for accusing her of cheating on him when she showed up pregnant with Morgan. But she deserves some vengeance, especially after watching Tony moon over Steve like a teenager for the last five years. Okay, it was more like 11 years, but she hasn’t had enough coffee yet to acknowledge that.
Venom: That is not reassuring.
Me: Rescuing 20 people from a human trafficking ring with the help of super strength will get you on people’s radars. The ATCU just think Nomad is some newbie triggered by the ‘alien contagion’ using his powers to help stop the sexual exploitation of minors.
“Because Pepper is a goddess. I am trying to convince her to have your future baby. What do you think about Morgan? I want a Morgan.”
“You can’t stop by for a visit right now, not while he still in treatment. And he’s going to be in treatment for a while.” Steve just looked at Tony, not speaking; Tony wasn’t sure how to respond to that so he just pulled Steve as closely to him as he could.
Yes, this is the reason why IHYHUTM has been the only story I have updated in the last two months mostly because I wrote about nine chapters before I disappeared into my writing cave to write a 34,000 word story in two months. I'm working on the next chapter of Hydra lullaby right now. I'm hoping to get it up to the beta today.
Me: I feel like somewhere in another country there is a teenager snickering about this.
“Although they are not biologically my children, I feel that way about Robin and Kamala. I love them so much.” Steve confessed.
To be continued
Tosha: You’re still my family. Family loves you, unconditionally. You taught me that.
Pepper pot: It’s obvious where you stand on him considering that you have Steve listed currently as DILF, a.k.a. dad I like to fuck in your address book. Before that, it was America's ass. Let’s not even talk about how you acted when he got married. I’m not stupid, Tony.
Red phone: With Jarvis, I watched him die over a 14 month period. Most of it was spent in Peggy’s guest room. I watched him waste away and I couldn’t do anything to make it better. I felt so helpless. It was a hard-fought battle, but in the end he still didn’t make it. I think a part of me died when he did.
HSBF: It’s just hard for me to focus on you and the movie. I usually need to really concentrate since there’s a lot of things I’m not familiar with.
Tony: Of course, a nap would be more pleasant than this meeting. You’re the only thing keeping me sane. I want to stab at least three people with a butter knife.
I agree with wanting to have someone to share your superhero life. I think I’ve always just wanted someone that I can share my entire life with not just the superhero part but the past. I want someone who just doesn’t expect me to get over it and I think that’s you.
Red phone: To whomever Tony refers to as Captain Tight Pants, please try not to text him when he’s supposed to be participating in a board meeting. Do that on your time, not mine.
Me: You are now a member of the US government. Stark had to sign that thing and he is neither enhanced nor gifted.
Anthony: That still doesn’t mean I’m going to let them give your shield to the first hot guy that kind of looks like you so they can use the legend of Captain America as a propaganda tool so people won’t look too closely at people like Ross who are misapplying the Accords. That’s not right either.
“That’s good. Do you want me to pick you up anything while I’m gone?” Last time he asked for chocolate which she was happy to bring along with peeps. She absolutely loves peeps. She’s going to have to get some of the Christmas ones that Ned told her about.
HSBF: You don’t want that?
Purple Princess: Sorry, Ana is working on a big project, so the lab computers are being overseen by an AI that doesn’t know my voice very well.
“Which leads to your second good quality; you’re very mission-oriented,” Steve said, ignoring his Freudian slip. Bless him.
"He's married, and I'm engaged to Pepper," Laura responds with a glare.
Nomad: DC is overrated.
: Acronym that stands for hot sexy boyfriend. Current designation for Steve Rogers in Tony Stark’s address book.
"According to the YouTube footage badly, but thankfully everybody thinks the group blinking out of thin air is an Asgardian thing. I'm waiting to get briefed because according to Hunter, Leo fainted. He's fine now. They also have a new guest with them, who Hunter keeps referring to as the step-grandkid. I didn't press for details. I should've sent Yo-Yo like originally planned, but Robin said it needed to be Daisy. Prophesy Girl also called like an hour later to tell us we can't destroy the stones. I would pass that information onto Daisy but Don't even know where Sky Quake is right now. I hope she's in Asgard getting the you know what. I am still waiting for her to check-in via the new long-range communicator," if it works. They're not sure because half of it was based on a 'vision' Robin had.
This is the last conversation to be posted before Infinity War comes out. I have three more chapters after this that are completed or in proofreading. I have four more chapters in draft that I hope to finalize this weekend and send out for proofreading. I might even try for a fifth. My goal is to have everything done but the post-credits scenes before the movie comes out. I’m not sure if I’ll be emotionally ready to write next week. I might be all hyped up or I may be in tears. It’s hard to dictate when you’re crying.
“I thought I had my wife back. I should have known better. There’s no hope in this world.” That’s when Natasha wrapped an arm around him.
Nomad: Mostly. Cookies were involved. And therapy. We may have smacked each other with something that looks like a giant Q-tip.
Counselor Laura from 2023: I won't, baby. I love you too.
Me: I know, she’s immune to cookie baskets. And shoe baskets and chocolate and everything else that I normally use for bribery. Even alcohol won’t work.
To: RIO_PR_forever
“What's the point? This isn't going to work, and I'm going to be stuck in another timeline. I'm not going to end up at SI this time because I am not gonna work with him. Although I'm sure Pepper is still as lovely as always.” He really would like to meet this timeline’s Pepper
Anthony: At least you figured that out before you died, which is more than I can say for a lot of people on my list right now.
Tony: Is that the real reason why you’re so afraid of the Accords? You saw what the system did to those who were different back then and you don’t trust it to be better now?
So this conversation is where the serious canon divergence begins. I was originally planning for this chapter to come out before Infinity War was released, but I think it works out this way too. You will find out why things are different in this timeline very soon, before we even hit the post credit scenes. Will things be different enough to keep certain things in certain movies that we can’t discuss yet from happening? No comment.
Cuddle Bunny: Melinda must be devastated. Also, don’t sleep with random agents.
Anthony: Joey the bullet proof pacifist wanted to go back to construction after killing a guy on his second mission. Even killing in self-defense makes him feel dirty. Which meant that he wouldn’t have to do with the Accords.
“I think she is warming up to coming with us. Maybe we will make her and Coulson kiss under the mistletoe. Friday-- sorry Karen, can you please make sure we have mistletoe?” Tony asked the AI.
Me: Actually, we had to take a break because I needed to take a work call. Stefan is not the type of boyfriend that lets you let those types of messages go to voicemail, because it could be the end of the world in our line of work.
To be continued…
Anthony: They are right. You have two options. Ask your King friend to recommend a therapist that he trusts that won’t sell you out to the UN or work with Laura.
What is the name of the doctor you’re seeing? I want to do a background check to make sure he or she is actually qualified. Okay really, I just want to make sure he or she is not a serial killer.
Rogers: Hi, this is Steve. I spoke to Tony a couple of minutes ago after nearly 6 days of avoiding me and I just wanted to see if he really is okay.
Counselor Laura: You don't see her as your daughter-in-law in this timeline, do you?
Quick note, this chapter takes place only a few hours after the last one. Also, to clarify, in chapter 7 FRIDAY really did send those emails to Steve.
Tony spits out his coffee when he realized Steve’s pants are obviously undone. They are so trying out this position.
Anthony: Considering I spoke to her between phone calls with the director, I hope the letters were better this time.
Me: This is going to involve the senator being arrested, isn’t it?
TMNS: You were thinking about it.
Cuddle Bunny: I’m still not happy with you having Friday tell me instead of doing it yourself.
Tony: Now I’m at the point where apparently I can’t go for hours without talking to you in some form. I’m going to be miserable now that I have to go back to talking to you every three or four days.
Anthony: Not that one. We need to do a movie night where we watch the same movie and I just send you snarky comments the entire time.
Tony: Hope is all we have sometimes but you and me will figure it out because I want to spend the rest of my life with you and I’m hoping that’s a long life.
To be continue
I hope eventually you’ll stop being angry about me being in Tony’s life. Tony has enough love in him to care for hundreds of people. That means he has space for both of us.
Blue phone: Sure
“Friday, help daddy out. Are Fitz and Simmons U.S. citizens and therefore can be in charge of new Shield or whatever they’re calling it?” Tony asked only to be met with a female voice that Steve was not familiar with.
Me: They never did.
Tony: So, would you be upset if your shield was returned to a certain country due to the fact that Howard may have did something slightly illegal and definitely amoral to get it?
Me: I’m sure it would have been a very different headline if they did. Tell Aunt Natalie to send me a copy of that paper, especially if the picture was flattering.
Me: That’s annoying because now he’s talking about his mom’s experiences with the 12-step program. I have enough parental issues. I do not need to deal with someone else’s. Especially someone else who’s parents realized they had problems and got help. Howard never got that far.
Agent M: He’s on his way to the airport right now, isn’t he?
Melinda: Loki strong or at least he behaves that way. He wanted to be a god. He killed six officers by creating shards of carbon in their lungs. He killed another guy by suffocating him with diamonds that he created from his lungs. But we had someone stronger than him. He’s gone now.
Me: Because you were really great at escorting everybody out the next morning. I don’t think I ever paid you enough for doing that. I’m sorry for that.
"We need to leave in 20 minutes for your business brunch followed by a few interviews." She said passing him a bag of pastries.
Tony: I could see the advantage of a superhero/super agent rehab center. We don’t have just Simmons; we also have Thor. I think I still have that property. Or maybe I transferred it to Pepper after Morgan was born. I don’t remember right now.
"Of course, sir. Do you want me to tell her what is actually happening or the public consumption version?” Ana asked.
Special thank you to my congressional guru consultant.
Although now that we’re back, I suggested to Peter that we could do dinner on the Saturday after school starts back up. I can even take you to the lab so Peter can show off what he's been working on this past summer. He really is the best intern I've had. I’m going to miss his presence in the lab now that he’s going to have to do more school stuff. Although I think we can arrange for him to work on weekends if that’s okay with you?
Me: Oddly enough, knowing that Hydra tried to kill my dad multiple times before they brought out the Winter Soldier makes it easier to deal with. I’m still upset that they took out my parents and my pseudo-mother figure, but it’s easier to deal with things if I can focus everything on Hydra and not your best friend.
I would love to hear your suggestions for Tony and Steve’s virtual date night.
Agent L. Barton: However, my Tony is really persistent. The ATCU is paying for me to go back and finish my degree. Despite the separation, Clint offered to be Nikki’s primary caregiver, so I could focus on my doctorate.
Tony: Senator Hateful’s Chief of Staff gave me a copy, in front of a camera crew. I am like this close to running against Nadeer and 2018.
“That’s probably best,” Steve said kissing Tony one last time before focusing on writing.
“How can you type so fast?” Steve whispers under breath which causes a glare from Agent Piper.
"I bought Ian Quinn's old compound in a fire sale a couple years ago. The lab space is currently being rebuilt, but it seems like a good place for a secret Avenger hideout, especially for secret Avengers. Maybe Stefan can come and visit every couple of weeks." Tony has been working on this plan for a while because he is a futurist after all and the writing is on the wall.
Me: We are.
Number one May: Don’t get me wrong, I like Flash now that he’s aware of the pulling pigtail syndrome, but he might be in a vulnerable place after what happened.
Me: Your ex-girlfriend is a sadist. I had no idea that you were into that sort of thing. Did she bring out a whip during bedroom fun time? Everything hurts right now and not in the fun way. I bet we could do it the fun way.
“I don’t know. A lot of people said I had a nice dick after the Instagram incident.”
Steve: You’re a prankster?
Me: Another thing we need to talk about.
“I thought you would be happier to see me. I was expecting a kiss or at least a hug, not a bag,” Hunter jokes. That got him a laugh from Leo, but a glare from the not really an ex-girlfriend.
Me: I know.
HSBF: Are you okay? Please tell me you’re not at the Raft right now.
To: Tony_Carbonell-Rogers
Me: And it just goes downhill from here. There’s no way you can answer question six straight without telling the world who you really are. I mean you actually know what it’s like to be 90 years old with the mind and body of a 30-year-old. Asking you to choose would be difficult.
Francis: Are we sure it was the compound? It didn’t look like any room I recognize there. Also, Laura has never been there. Ever.
Tony: It’s good to know some things are universal. If we want something closer, I have several places in Jersey, including one in Westview. I helped Vision buy a home for Wanda before it all fell apart. Robin convinced me to finish it. It could make a good rehab place.
Me: It was a near thing and the UN still appointed him the deputy director
The new consultant: Be easy on Benji. I think part of him wanted to tell you the truth, but he was afraid.
Tony: Why does my AI like your kids better than me?
Nomad: Which is why you were so sure the Accords wouldn't hamper us.
HSBF: Isn’t Agent Fitz a citizen of the country?
Girl Friday: You should probably do that. I feel like you need backup.
Hunter: I wasn’t talking about Will.
Girl Friday: Which means he got no sleep.
Tony: I got time, if you have time. I’m going to be in traffic for at least another hour. Besides, you know we should’ve done this exercise on the helicarrier. That so would have prevented us from fighting and then maybe Agent Agent would not have had to go to club Tahiti.
I know that you're not really mad at Tony. You love Tony. You just want to protect him from the big bad boyfriend in Africa. I guess it was just easier to think that I didn't mean anything if you could just think that I was the rebound that he's only known for a couple months not a guy that he has known for several years and has feelings for a long time. Maybe the fact that we were so antagonistic to each other for those years probably makes you even more wary of my relationship with Tony.
HSBF: It’s good that she at least got you to eat something. How was the meeting?
Tony: Also, I didn’t contact you right away because I kind of passed out from shock and I’m just getting text privileges back now. Rio is worse than Simmons.
Steve stopped and turned away. "Toni."
"Oh, I don't doubt it," the nameless scarred woman replied, giving the genius a look. There was a judgement in her eyes that annoyed Toni. "Well, have a good evening." She added, putting on a smile.
team. He's about to reveal his own weakness; his father would kill him if he was alive. "I…I…l-love you two, idiots. You…mean… e-everything to…me." His heart's beating a million miles per second as he admits those cursed words.
Steve was silent for a few seconds as he held her close. "Do I like that America is following our every moment? No. Do I like that
Barton stepped away from the suit, but he kept a few feet from Steve. Barton, though he would never admit to it, always kept a safe distance from Rogers as if he expected the Super Soldier to snap at any second. "People are starting to notice Toni's disappearance."
He thought to himself. It just had to be there; there was no way that it wouldn't be there. Fury had stated these files were all the personnel involved with the SSR, so it had to be here. So he looked for the file yet again, but it was nowhere to be found. He took a deep breath, as he tried to calm himself but his anger had gotten the best of him, and he hurled the files across the room. He watched as the pages flew everywhere, landing everywhere.
"Either way, we will know," Phillips responded.
Unable to stop himself, the Asset snorted.
She grinned as she reached the pot of hot, delicious coffee. Oh, the headlines. Oh, the stupid stories that the media tried to sell to whoever wanted to listen. She loved those stupid headlines, who loved to paint her like the bad guy no matter what was happening or who she was with. They loved to hate her. Though she would never admit how much they hurt, she had a good laugh at those stories at times. Really, some were down right funny—like her in a love triangle with some random person (usually insert a random Avenger) and Steve, and she would find herself laughing for hours.
"She went out for a run, Captain." JARVIS replied.
That name sounded familiar to him. "Steve?"
"I can't just let her go if she has no place to go. Look it's snowing out there," Steve said, pointing out the window. It was coming down in big flakes and it was hard to see the ugly brick wall.
"I know."
Now, we will have to see what 'the Asset' does now. I foresee death. How about you?
"Time for you to get up, Stark," Rumlow said, clearly losing his patience. "We need to go."
a damsel in distress.
"Riddle me this. Why haven't I put a tracker on Steve? And why don't I have a lab in DC? Or why hadn't I made you a body or something?" she asked, making her way to one of the DC monuments. "Granted, you can control the Iron Man suit." There was light smile on her face as she truly thought about it
Toni's eye may or may not have been twitching. How could he not mention her? Or how about poor JARVIS? "And don't forget about me. Because I'm so in the pro column. I'm the whole column in fact. And I'm also telling JARVIS. You're screwed. We all know sensitive he is."
"Jim," she said, softly. Toni didn't want to have this conversion with him, not now—not ever. Emotions were not her thing, not her strength, and the very thought made her want to run screaming for the hills.
"Why would I settle down with just one lady, when I can have many?" Dugan asked. "Besides, I do have Nancy. She loves me." He let out a chuckle, leaning on his old, wooden cane.
, and she didn't know how to keep a low profile.
"Be careful and stop trying to enlist," he stated as he watched Steve put his old faithful coat back on.
"Geez, Toni. Tell me what you really think of me," her father said, playing hurt.
"Toni, come with me."
Steve turned to the TV, knowing what would be on the screen, but the image took him by surprise, and he couldn't help but stare. He couldn't help but smile either as he looked at it. Toni had her arms wrapped around his neck, while his hands were on her hips, holding her close. He realized he wanted a copy of that picture. He wanted multiple copies of it, and he wanted it everywhere.
"If you want to see Rogers, you can head down," Toni replied. It came out harsher then she intended, but she hoped she got her point across. "Just take the elevator down."
I hope you like it.
"When I first joined SHIELD, I thought it was going straight. But I guess I just traded in the KGB for HYDRA. I thought I knew whose lies I was telling, but I guess I can't tell the difference anymore." He vague heard Natasha uttered.
"I don't know if I would say top notch if a petite woman got in." Toni let out a chuckle, because she liked how annoyed he was by it. "What did Colonel Salty tell you about me?" she asked, wondering what lie he told them.
"I hate when you call me that," he said bitterly.
"No, he wouldn't," he said with a snort. "He would totally give us both an ear full, tell us that we're both idiots for blaming ourselves."
Harley didn't move from the car as he gave Toni the biggest puppy eyes that she had ever seen. She had to give credit to the kid for beating even Steve, who had the baby blues on this side. With the right tools, this boy would take over the world with his guilt-tripping skills, which was one reason why he shouldn't be hanging around with her. She would just make it worse, and the world wasn't ready for that.
P.S., I borrowed some lines from Iron Man 3. Don't sue. You will know the lines.
Toni didn't know what or how to deal with what was going on in her head. Shaking her head, she glanced up from her spot at a lab table to her father, who was doing something with something. She hadn't spoken to him since that day in the lab, but she knew he was watching her like she was about to break. It annoyed her, but she didn't want to say anything as she wanted to avoid what had happened in the lab from repeating.
"SHIELD may have to check in on Miss Stark." He gave her a look before scanning the rest of the room. "Now, we must find Captain America. Be warned we might have to deal with an Iron Man." He lingered on the words Iron Man, stretching it out.
Dugan laughed.
Steve turned to him and replied a little too fast, "I'm happy, well happy as I can be with Stark missing."
Steve stepped from away from Toni, as he placed himself once more between her and the blast. He kept his shield in front him, keeping his chest shielded, as his eyes were focused on the man. "Not the time for gloating," he said.
and wormhole in New York played in her head, which wasn't the worst nightmare she ever had. The worst the ones were of Bucky's bloody form coming to kill her, angry that she had let him die. It also didn't help when Steve popped into these dreams, telling her that she was worthless, that loving her was a mistake. That he hated her. Wanted her dead for leaving his best friend to die. Sometimes, she had all three of those dreams in one night, and she was left shaking unable to sleep for days.
"What is S.T.R.I.K.E.?" she repeated, knowing damn well that she would get an answer somehow.
Steve, who knew he had to, had no interest. He wanted to break down every door until he had Toni in his hands. He wanted to rip apart everyone who had ever looked at Toni funny. He wanted to run Rumlow through with his shield, before turning his attention to Rollin. He wanted to rip apart the man who dared to put on Bucky's face, for destroy the memory of his best friend. For the first time in a long time, he wanted to kill someone. He wanted to let his anger take over him. He wanted to- No, he couldn't let himself go down this path. Toni needed his head in check. He needed to levelheaded to save her. "I know," he said through his teeth.
"I don't worry too much," he snapped back. "Considering what had happened, I worry enough." He was clearly angry with her.
Bucky turned to the bag that Steve had set down. "What's in the bag?"
"I think you're jealous," Toni stated as she tried to walk away, but the unnamed guy stepped in front of her. "Is there a problem, Private?"
To be honest, this pain does not compare to those any of those times, but it still doesn't feel good. It still feels like his body is failing him, like it has given up. Tony doesn't know if that should scare him; he doesn't know if that's a reflection on him. Does he truly want to give us? Is his body just doing what he wants? …No, that doesn't make any sense, because he doesn't want to die. No, he really doesn't. No, he's just tired of fighting.
Phillips wondered why he was showing Rogers this folder as it would just make him want to go more. Maybe, that was what Phillips was trying to do, though he wasn't sure why he was doing that. He just couldn't help but think this was Toni's plan to begin with. "I just thought you would like to know. I thought someone would want to know," he answered as he glanced to the letter on the typewriter. "I'm not sure who I should address her letter to. She doesn't seem to have anyone."
"What? You knew about that?" she asked, stepping to Steve. Standing a mere feet from the Super soldier, her hand closest to him twitched at her side.
"NO," Toni yelled. She couldn't- wouldn't talk to her, as Peggy wouldn't understand. Besides, Toni had no right to talk to her, after everything. "You-"
"I'm not seeing anyone," she denied too quickly. She didn't want to see
"So you two do the deed yet?" Clint asked, turning himself over slightly to look at the Good Captain.
With a deep breath, he reached for the bottom of his shirt and pulled it up and over his head. He didn't know when he had gotten used to sleeping without a shirt, because in his pre-serum days and the war, he never slept without a shirt, but now, he couldn't sleep with one on. Maybe it was because shirts felt constricting whenever he tossed and turned in the middle of night. He hated feeling constricted, held down.
"You never know what will happen in the future," he stated, defending himself.
Halfway to her tent, she noticed something along the tent. At first, she thought it was her stalker and almost flipped out, but after a few seconds, she realized that it was a fight between two idiots. They had to be idiots as only idiots would fight a comrade. Like an ugly car accident, she was unable to look away, and as she watched, she recognized one of the idiots: Bucky. Why in the hell is he in a fight? She thought. He wasn't someone who got into fights. Surprisingly, it was Rogers, who she was still mad at, that got into fights.
"No, I need to protect you from all of those delinquents, and let me tell you, this camp is full of them," he replied.
Bruce took a deep breath and looked up as he didn't know where to look. "I don't need rest," he lied. He knew he needed rest just as bad as Steve did. "But Steve isn't resting either."
Toni Stark was and would be the death of him, and there was no doubt about that. However, the Captain wouldn't have it any other way, so he obeyed without saying a word. It didn't take long to remove his socks and toss them aside with the rest of his uniform. Steve pulled back the covers, careful not to remove them from Toni, and crawled into bed. As soon as he pulled the covers up over him, he was face to face with the brunette, who had rolled to him. "Toni," he uttered, seeing something in her eyes that he didn't like.
"I got the last name again." He frowned.
Toni entered and closed the door behind her. She was stuck by the heat, which felt almost unbearable compared to the cold; however, after she got over the shock, it felt nice. She just stood there for a few seconds as she allowed the heat to bath her. It was refreshing after that two mile hike in the snow; however, her lips still stung. I wish I had chapped stick right about now.
The genius doesn't have an issue with the Enhanced. He really doesn't, but he doesn't feel comfortable around
Steve's head popped up, his eyes widening in confusion. "What?" he uttered, completely baffled.
Natasha's eyes narrows, and her expression changes. "Fake, Stark? I wouldn't use that word to describe Steve's, Barnes', or my feelings, so watch yourself," she says, slowly. Frustration is poking through. "I'll forgive your mistake this time as a building fell on you, but you won't be lucky the next time. And this isn't pity."
Rogers turned from Toni and stepped around the table to the Colonel. "We can't let her go out. Schmidt seems to have an interest in her. It's too risky to send her out. Did you forget?"
*O*O*
"There will be no calling the Pirate!" Toni said, stepping through the door with a smile on her face. "This is a pirate free Zone. Besides it takes too long to debug the Tower after his visits."
"I have to start looking for the best teachers and schools," Howard started.
Though Salty didn't jump at her outburst, he was clearly startled at it. "What are you talking about?"
"That's manipulative. I don't want to talk about it." She really didn't want to talk about it.
"Well, now everyone knows," Steve teased, letting out a chuckle, as he looked around.
? Was it a few weeks ago before he left? Was she really peacefully sleeping now? Steve couldn't be sure.
*O*O*
*O*O*
"Yea, why do you?" she asked.
Steve stared at Bucky. "They were disturbing the other residents. What was I supposed to do?"
Mixed in Toni's fear was anger because she was tired of her face being grabbed. She glared to hide both her fear and to show her annoyance. She tried to pull her head back but his grip was too strong, and she was forced to look in his eyes.
When Pepper located Steve and Bruce, they were in the lounge, sitting in a dead silence. Sitting on the couch with his back toward her, Steve was staring down, picking at something, and from the view from the doorway, Pepper couldn't see what he was picking at. However, she could tell from his tense shoulders that he was anything but happy. He was clearly upset about something, and Pepper could only guess that it was about Toni.
"Oh, can you?" Natasha asks, looking past the genius and toward the sink.
Said man heard Natasha call his name, but he could only stare at the ice cold water, roaring as it clashed against the cliff. Even without the continuous assault of the waves, there was no way that Toni could've survived, not when she was pinned to the ocean floor. He watched helplessly as she was dragged to the ocean floor, and she hadn't emerge from the ocean. As he watched her be overtaken by the waves, his heart had almost stopped, and it was hard to breath. In fact, he was still finding it hard to breath.
Toni's eye twitched. If it wasn't freezing outside and the Iron Man Suit was functional, she wouldn't be here to suffer this insult. She was starting to gain the feeling back in her hands and feet, and she didn't want to risk it by storming out. Plus, it was the best feeling in the world to feel again, even if it was semi painful. "So says the kid with a defective potato gun."
She had to stop and catch her breath as she thought about his death. Though she didn't have that legendary connection that Rogers had with him, she had a connection, which she didn't approve of, with Barnes, and knowing that he would die stopped her in her track. She bent down with her hands on her knees as she tried to breathe. "I hate this," she muttered to herself.
Erskine looked at her. "What does it do?" he asked.
"It's ahead by an hour," Pepper stated as she changed direction. She picked up the clock and changed it back to the correct time.
Natasha shook her head before she glanced back at the window. No one was sure how much time had passed waiting for Stark, but sometime later, Natasha spotted the returning Iron Man Suit. She eyed it as it landed on the pad, and before she could even announce that Toni was back, Steve was already up and headed to the door. "Rogers," she called. "Let her get in before you jump Stark."
There were quite a few things that Steve didn't want to talk about with Rumlow, and Toni was one of them. He didn't forget what Toni told him before Christmas. She didn't trust the man, a man that Steve would admit that he knew very little about. Working with him regularly, he had told her he trusted the man, but was it really trust? He wasn't sure, but Rumlow didn't give him any reason not to. But Toni didn't trust him, and he wasn't going to force her. "Did we get it?" Steve asked, annoyed at Rumlow's comment. Couldn't they all take the hint? He just wanted other people to stop talking about her. Couldn't they just focus on the mission?
When she got to the restroom, she turned on the water and ran the water over her wrist. It stung on contact. After a little work, she was able to get the caked on blood off, but the cuts were visible. "Hopefully, no one notices," she prayed. She didn't want the questions that would come along with it. "At least it isn't as bad as my face," she smiled. Though her hair had hid most of the injury, there was a bit that was still showing. "At least the bruises are gone." She didn't have to hide them with make-up that she hated.
She heard her name escaped from his lips, but she didn't open her eyes right away. Instead, she focused on his voice, as it called to her like no other voice had. She wasn't quite sure what to make of it, but she wanted to hear his voice again, and she was rewarded a few seconds later as he said her name again.
Captain Steve Rogers was
Toni didn't remember that; she couldn't really remember anything. What was going on? "I need to see, Salty," she muttered, giving up the fight against the woman.
Making a sandwich with everything on it, Bruce stared down at counter, not making eye contact except for tiny looks every few seconds. "If Toni is planning of using something from the Tesseract, maybe I can do the same. We would have a better shot of doing it, but I would need some help or access to the Tesseract, and I'm not sure I can get that. Trying to talk it through with Thor."
Bruce looked back and smiled lightly. "I believe that Toni transported herself into the past, though I'm not sure to which time period."
"Toni," he said, his voice firm. Bruce was never one to buy her bullshit, but he was never one to call her on it in most cases. "I know something happened, beyond simple time travel."
The genius let out a deep breath, wondering if she should just leave. She didn't need her armors as she had a fleet of classic cars downstairs, all ready to be driven. All itching to be driven. It would be easy to sneak down to the garage and disappear onto the streets behind a wheel of a car; however, she supposed it would be best if she didn't get behind the wheel when she was like this. Her mind was hazy, and she couldn't think, as even basic math was difficult to do. She was exhausted, ready to fall asleep at any second; there was no way that she could drive in this state. All she could think about was her guilt, and it drove her crazy. Maybe, if she could sleep, she would feel better, but she doubted that she could sleep with her night terrors. Not with dreams of Bucky.
"Don't worry. I can handle you," he smiled, leaning against the other side. His eyes were on her, never leaving her.
"You serve Hydra. Did you forget?" Rumlow asked as he took a step forward. There was a nastiness in his voice that wasn't there before. "We don't care what the whisper in the hallways are as long as they don't know about Hydra."
"You doing anything fun Saturday night?" she simply asked. "I'm sure there are a few places you can take Toni in D.C."
Her heart was going to pop out of her chest, as it was deafening in her ear. "Shut up," she hissed, trying one last time to get rid of him. "Why don't you just shut up? And go back to wherever you came from!"
sweet." He paused for a second as if he had a tooth ache. "By the way, Marvin Gaye, 1972, 'Trouble Man' soundtrack. Everything you've missed jammed into one album."
Without thinking, Toni went to hit his hand away but her hand went through. She glared at her inability to hit him. "Then tell me and go."
Toni wanted to mention that she had offered her services to the Military in finding these Mandarin, but no one wanted Toni Stark anywhere near that. Her name was a curse, like saying Macbeth in a theatre, and Toni wasn't sure if that was a good or bad thing. Whatever she felt, she knew she should be insulted. She wasn't
"Or maybe, not," she said, stepping to Phillips. Toni wasn't interested in Peggy and Phillips' conversion, but she wanted some space between her and her father. Her emotions were all over the place and she didn't want him to see the battle going on in her mind, though she doubted that anyone was buying that she was sane at the moment.
"But you are. If you like, I can show you," he stated as he reached out to her.
She knew Steve had a point, and she wanted to believe that, but Barnes' ghost wouldn't leave her alone. "But he-"
Phillips nodded before he stepped toward Howard and Toni, and though the dirt circle was gone, he was careful not to step within the ten foot range of the device. "Ready, Stark?"
"Yes, sir. I'll need a team," Rogers replied.
"Somehow, someone had broken into the base at Black Hawk," Fury stated. "There is no footage or record of the unauthorized entry, but a few of the top secret items had been taken."
She glanced her him before looking out into the camp. "A gift from Phillips."
Punch.
"Nothing, Cap. Just don't have good memories of Christmas," she said, leaning back into his arms.
possible. Both her father and Bucky were dead,
Pepper felt her heart race at that, because she knew this wasn't going to end well. Toni was always closed to others, never letting anyone in, though Rhodey and she could crack her shield at times. If something happened, she knew it would only be worse. The genius would never come out of her lab now, and it broke Pepper's heart.
Let me know what you think.
"Which is probably why she stays in New York instead of visiting," Rumlow added, giving Steve a sad look. "That or Rogers is just hard to live with. Are you a neat freak?"
Putting on her best mask and puffing out her chest like she owned the place which she did, Toni limped her away over to the trio. "I have a bone to pick with you!" She yelled pointing at the newcomer. She could see both Natasha and Steve giving her a weird, surprised look. "Someone needs to tell you that's not how you get a lady."
Barnes raised an eyebrow. "You like being a handful."
Getting on her feet, she did all but run out of the alley with no care how she looked or who she ran into.
Tony has no doubt that she will, but his nerves and insecurities are in overdrive, and he isn't in the mood to play this game with her. "I don't need or want their—or yours for that matter—fake pity. So why don't you stop and shove it?" he demands, his voice cold. He know he will pay for this later, but he doesn't care.
"Another overdose. Killed himself," Clint said, snapping the genius back to reality.
He laughed. "I have been told that."
Steve shook his head. "Maybe, she was borrowed from somewhere…another department," he said, trying to think of something. Toni had to come from somewhere… but she had lied to him before. Maybe, she was lying about that, but there was no way that she could've fooled Phillips.
"Rogers appears well. He seemed to have gotten along with Peggy well. Too well if you ask me." He shook his head as he crossed to the door. There was a pause as he looked at her. "I do not care to know if I'm being honest. He's off being America's show boy," he answered, walking to the door.
The look on the Colonel's face changed a little. "I'm sorry."
Pressing her hand against the reactor, she took a deep breath. She couldn't stare at her naked self forever, but she didn't have any interesting in facing the world. Why couldn't she stay in the locker room? Shaking her head, she knew she couldn't and it would be stupid to think about it. Trying to force herself to a happier place, she turned to the uniforms that Salty had given her. With the towel wrapped around her tightly, she unfolded the uniform and laid them in front of her. She groaned at the hideous standard undergarments that the military provided. How could anyone feel any kind of sexy in this uniform? Toni sighed because she was being foolish as sex had no part in war.
And poor Steve. His memories are really messing with him and it'll just be getting worse for him. By the end, he'll really, really hate time travel. Haha.
"You aren't fully healed yet. Why don't you let someone else go?" Rogers countered.
Oh, yes, she could, and she would. "You don't k-"
Toni could weight that question on a few different scales and each would be different. "Well, it depends on how you look at it. It's probably for the best," she said, shrugging.
Bruce, who looked like he had slept in days, was in Toni's lab, trying to figure out what the hell had happened. With the help of JARVIS, he was able to tell that the device worked in an outward wave, affecting anything within its ten foot range. This had included Toni, and that made his heart stutter. JARVIS had informed him of what could happen to electronics and how they were unsure if the Arc Reactor would withstand the Device. Why couldn't Toni wait for him? The answer was simple: she had a hard head. He admired her for that, but at the same time, it annoyed the hell out of him.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You think I'm not?" Toni asked back, a bit snappy. "Why did Fury call us and why now? Why not before? What isn't he telling us? I can't do the equation unless I have all the variables." Her hand dropped from Bruce's shoulder to the lab table. Her fingers traced the edges of a meter.
"If that isn't what this is about, then what?" he asked.
Barnes took a step toward her. "I told him that if he ever touched you again, I would beat the shit out of him. He touched you, so I touched him." He didn't look sorry at all.
"Are you sure?" she asked. It really didn't matter to her as it gave her time to scope out Stark Industries. If she wanted to get her device back, she would need to know everything about the company, a company that she would ran and sign over in the future.
When Toni came to, she knew she was in the hospital and not her tower by the smell and feel of the bed. One reason why she hated hospitals was the beds, which were uncomfortable, smelly, and cheap. Sure, she knew it was a waste of valuable funds, but still. They could at least try, right?
Toni ran her hand through her messy hair, which she had to urge to rip out. "I was arrested and put in a cell for god knows how long," she explained as she looked up at him. "I would've said goodbye if I could've." She paused. "I'm sorry about that." She paused. "You should feel honored as I don't say sorry ever."
"Shouldn't you be resting?" Rogers asked as he turned back to her. His eyes flashed to her bruise which had turned into a darker shade of purple and blue, a sign it was healing.
"Steve." Her voice was broken, sounding nothing like her.
Toni's legs felt like jelly beneath her, and she was to stay to her feet for the time being, but she knew she wouldn't be able to stand for long. "Time travel doesn't exist."
"What's going on in your head?" Banner asked as he noticed that he was losing Steve's attention.
Tony shots out, trying to focus on anything besides Bucky, who's staring at him. No matter what's happening in the room, James is eyeing him, following his every movement, his every twitch. Tony doesn't understand what's going on with the silent man, as he shouldn't be sitting in Steve's spot, so close to him. He's messing with the flow of the room, the goddamn flow of the room; plus, he shouldn't be paying this much attention to the genius.
Toni jumped at the voice, not realizing that anyone was in the room with her. Turning toward the voice, she felt herself groan at the sight of Loki sitting in a chair reading what she presumed was her medical chart. "What are you doing here, Loki?" she asked, laying back down in the bed as she unconsciously covered her chest with her arm. Her body was sore, and just sitting up took all of her energy.
"Toni!" She heard him yell her name, but the water held her.
"Is this jealously?" Barnes asked.
"I need that file. That's all I need." Steve turned to him, annoyed. He didn't need a mission-well maybe not now.
Her expression turns soft. "Okay, I'll tell them no visitors. Doctor's orders, but you owe me. Something big."
Deciding a change in scenery was needed, Toni put on some expensive exercise clothes and went out for another run, though this time in daylight. At this time of day, there weren't as many crazy people out to bug her, which she counted as a plus. She had no people skills at the moment…though that could be said about any time. She would and will say whatever was on her mind, no matter the situation, which could and can piss people off—not that she cared. She really didn't care if she pissed people off, enjoying the moments when she did.
"I could've told him sooner."
Twitching, Toni turned and glared at Agent Carter, who had followed behind her on the plane. "I was just deciding where to sit," she stated.
"Geez, Barton. I expect this from Rogers or Romanoff, not
His eyes turning hostile, he glanced at her and replied harshly. "No."
Then, there's the fact that Rogers lifted heaven and hell to bring Barnes back. There's a bond between the two that Tony will never understand, though his own bond with Rhodes comes close. Besides, even without Barnes, there's no way that Rogers will see him as anything but a pain in the ass. He has no doubt that the blond dislikes him, especially now, as they never agree on anything. He sees Tony as a riskless, selfish person, who will never put anyone first, and for a while, Tony had agreed. Now, it's a completely different story, but he doubts that Rogers sees that.
Toni reluctantly let Peggy pull her, because she knew she couldn't help. She had to let Steve go down, even if she wondered what would change if he didn't. Maybe, the world would be a better place. Maybe, she should help. Sure, he was useful during the battle of New York and his leadership had saved them, but she didn't think that they couldn't handle it without him. Plus, it wasn't like he was going away. He would still be there, just old, which would be funny and Toni would love to see that as she danced around him. "Yea, I should be able to help," she said, shakily into the microphone. "There is nothing that I can't do. You know me."
"Gua-"
Toni quickly back stepped inside and ran to her device, packing it into the case as fast as she could. She knew the first thing that she should've done was go find someone, but her device was her first priority. If she lost this device, she was beyond screwed. Plus, someone had to be watching her, since they knew she would be here alone and she couldn't risk going out into the open.
"Well, if he helps us, it helps his sentence," Clint responded. "But yea, he could be playing us all, but at the same time, he might not."
Sam was still laughing. "Okay, I like this one."
up?" he teased with a grin and a wink.
"Bucky scares them all off with that death stares of his," Rogers states with a chuckle. He too is wearing dark jeans, but he's wearing a light blue button up shirt.
"Who are you lying to? Me or yourself?"
Toni had given that name as a cover up originally, and she had only given that name to one person: Barnes. She shook her head, because that wasn't possible. How could Barnes betray her to the Colonel? Did they even know each other? "Who told you that was my surname?"
With her arms on the table, she rested her chin on her hands and stared at each of the pieces. She would need some kind of heating element to fuse them together. Maybe, there was something at the tool store that she could use…or there was that idea she had earlier.
"Why don't you understand? I could've changed everything. I could've kept them alive. I could've told them." She closed her eyes as she felt her heart race. "Why don't you hate me?" she asked, as she leaned in to his touch. She couldn't understand why he was being so gentle and nice to her. "I hate me."
Pulling away like she had been burned, Toni pulled away and glared at Rogers, who seemed to love telling her what to do. "Give it a rest," she stated, fighting the pain. "You act like I'm charging into battle." She picked up her glass and took a slip as to mock him.
, she thought. She knew he would get in eventually, though she wasn't sure when that would be and how that would be. Her mind wandered a bit, as she thought about Captain America. How did the sweet little Steve turn into the asshole Captain Rogers? Was it the serum? It changed his body. Maybe, it changed his mind.
Before Toni could say another word, her father pulled her in for a hug, and it wasn't a short one. "I'm glad that you're my daughter, and I'm glad that you are you," he said. "And what Peg said, don't blame yourself, though I know you won't listen."
Peggy turned to her. "Shouldn't you be resting?" she asked, glancing Toni over. "You went through quite an ordeal."
However, it wasn't the Commander, which was what her brain had told her the second she heard the door. It was Colonel Phillips and he was staring at her with his normal frown. "Hello, Colonel," she said, trying to get her heartbeat down. She hated how jumpy and depressed she was lately. Even a glass of water could send chills through her.
*O*O*
He let out a chuckling sigh before he wrapped the coat around her. "I wonder about you."
However, before he could reach her, his handler had collected him, and it took all that he had not to kill him. He was Hydra's Asset, but he wanted nothing but her, even if he didn't know why. He had no idea why this woman meant so much to him, and after another painful treatment, he completely forgot her again. She was nothing but a name to him. A name that his handler did not like.
*0*0*
Toni didn't know, but she didn't like the idea of being in this Frankenstein lab, and she really didn't like that her shirt was opened, exposing the arc of her boobs and the arc reactor. Though she wondered what sick fuck unbuttoned her shirt, she was worried about what they were going to do to the reactor. She couldn't let them have, but there was nothing she could do.
"I'm not your daughter and I'm not from the future," Toni denied. She knew he wouldn't believe her, but she would try. She didn't want to talk about their relationship. Plus, he couldn't learn anything from the future. "Do you even know how insane you sound? I. Am not. From. The future."
"Or until your arm gets better."
(See the end of the chapter for
She sent Barnes a warning glare before turning back to the Private. "You're funny," she stated with a hard smile. She shoved his hand off her and stood slowly. After a brief hesitation, she helped him up.
Tony's eyes twitches. "Remind me never to tell her anything again." He should've known that she would tell the Brooklyn Twins.
Steve lets out a sigh, as he placed a kiss to Toni's forehead. "It's hilarious." He lingered at Toni's side for a few seconds before walking over to Natasha's car. He glanced back to Toni as he got in.
Steve hated when she played this game, but if he wanted to get to through to her, he would have to play. Without saying a word, he sat on the ground and scooted close to her. He could feel her itching to get away, but he wrapped an arm around her, pulling her into his chest. He could feel her struggle in his arms, but he didn't let her go, not this time. Instead, he tucked her head under his chin and place a kiss to her head. His fingers danced along her skin, as he tried to comfort her. He wanted her to know he wasn't giving up.
The expression on his face changed for a brief second, before he leaned forward and captured her lips in a long powerful kiss. He smiled against her lips after breaking a part. "What is with people thinking that I could keep up- let alone want one another dame?" His Brooklyn accent became heavy suddenly. "As soon as this mission is over, I'll be back for you, and I'll show you how much I want you."
*O*O*
Toni was silence for a few long moments, a horrible sign. This woman loved to talk, and she would speak just to listen to her own voice. She cracked insults like a game, but now, she was silent, deadly silent. In complete stillness, her eyes were drilling into him, looking for something, while her right hand dropped from her side and worked its way up to the dog tags. However, it was the tears that were forming in her eyes that caught his attention.
"What?" she responded like it was the most natural thing. "It's the truth."
He punched the bag one last time, before it flew off the hook and across the room, landing on the other one. Unlike before, it burst open sending sand everywhere, but Steve didn't care. He had so much anger inside of him that he didn't know what to do with it. In the past, this was the only he knew how to calm himself, but it didn't seem to be helping at all. Instead, it was making it so much worse.
Something in her head snapped as it felt like the world had crashed down on her. Barnes was dead? She knew he was going to die, but it was different to experience it. To know that he was dead was a blow to the heart that Toni didn't expect. She thought she had prepared herself for this, but she was wrong. "Steve," she said as she watched him hunched over like he was in pain.
Sharon let out a soft chuckle. "Nope, you're safe," she said, as she got to her feet with ease. With a smile, she reached out a hand to the genius. "It's the original Series. Now, I'm Next Generation fan, but the Original Series is golden."
Natasha gave the Archer a look before she crossed to the door. "I wonder if a certain genius is a sleep?" she asked.
She glanced back at the monitor, catching sight of the image of her in Steve's arms. She looked crappy in her tan cargo pants, but she was glowing in Steve's arms. She knew it was visible to anyone looking, and the media would be talking about it for a while. Who wouldn't be talking about Captain America and Iron Man locking lips? Who wouldn't be interested? She knew people would have lots to say, good and bad. Most bad when referring to her. "Let's go." She knew she would be scanning the articles later, reading it all obsessing over the bad.
The Lawyer smiled as he took a step to her. "Yes."
"Toni," he said, letting out an annoyed sign. He shook his head as he got to work. Setting some tools down next to the genius on the bio bed, he stood at her bed side and glanced down at her chest. She could tell he was forcing himself to stare at the reactor and only the reactor, though she didn't understand why he was so shy. It wasn't like he was exposed like she was. "Let's take it out and take a look," Bruce said. "JARVIS, keep an eye on Toni's vitals."
Bucky's grip on the genius tightens, almost painful, as he closes his eyes and takes in another deep breath. "It… I'm so fucken sorry, Tony! So fucken sorry. It's…just…" He says, struggling to get it out. "The things… Hydra…" He closes his eyes as he takes in another dose of Tony's scent. "There're times… that I…forget where I'm. Thinking that I'm back with t-them." Steve's arms tighten around them, and James relaxes in them. "And at t-times, these nightmares…turn into night terrors, and… I… turn violent."
"Who told you?" Toni demanded. It was probably Peggy, who couldn't keep her mouth shut. She was seriously going to change her nickname to Loud Mouth.
"Everything okay, Nat?" Clint asked, turning slightly. He was giving her look before he returned his glaze to the controls.
As he watched the Brunette, he couldn't help but wonder who this woman was. Why did she warrant him watching her? What purpose did she serve? What was her skills? Why did his handlers want her? What was so special about her? Was she a useful tool like him? By looking at her, he could tell that she wasn't a weapon like him, though he knew that she had to have some kind of purpose. His handers wouldn't want her, if she didn't. Sure, the Asset knew she was smart, brilliant—though he would never admit that to his handers. It wasn't his place to cast judgement on her.
Once more, she could hear Steve call her name as he took a seat next to him. She heard him whisper something in her ear as he pulled her closer to him, surrounding her with his arms. She knew what he was doing, trying to calm her. Trying to comfort her, but that wasn't possible, not when she overthought everything. Not when she was running on no sleep. Though she was used to little sleep, she had a hard time function like this. It was like the whole world was flying pass her and she couldn't keep up. Again, it was like she was on auto pilot.
"I will hold to you to that."
Fighting back her tears, she recognized her father's handwriting on the back. She felt her anger drain as her hands started to shake. It took everything she had to keep her grip on the letter. She couldn't believe how his handwriting turned her into this shaky baby. "You probably think this is funny," she replied as she opened the letter. It wasn't until a second later that Toni felt her heart stop.
She gave him a look, grinning. "Of course they did, Rogers, though I should be asking you that. I assumed in the 1940s that they told you babies fell from the sky. You know how it was in the 1940's. Sex is bad, and the devil will get your soul."
, she thought with a deep breath. She closed her eyes and took another deep breath, trying to relax. She was a Stark, and they didn't (or rather not supposed to) let people see them sweat. She had an image to protect and that did not involve looking weak, which was what was happening.
Barnes took a deep breath. "You know I'm not falling for that memory loss, right?" he asked.
"I'm done, Toni," Pepper yelled, still shaking. "You either come with or not, but I'm done. I can't handle the stress. I can't handle the lies. I can't handle any of this."
With a gentle hand, he pulled her closer as he guided her to a certain spot in the museum. The expression on his face changed slightly as an exhibit caught his attention. "Look at this." The exhibit was in no way as large as Steve's, but it took up a good bit of the overall exhibit.
(See the end of the chapter for
She didn't want to hear about those two, not when she was shattered. Her heart wasn't able to take it. "I don't like hospitals."
"Nick pissed me off and I wanted to proof that I could, so I did," Toni smiled.
Bucky's grinning like an idiot. "Just wait until we get you into bed. You won't be able to feel your ass."
Steve wrapped one towel around Toni's shoulders and put another on her lap, as he tried to keep her warm. He took a third, a wet, warm towel and started to clean her exposed skin. "We need to get these wet clothes off and get you to bed," he said, pulling her close.
She didn't respond as the sight of her broken down device infuriated her. "Why did you take it apart?" she snapped. It also appeared that he tried to put it back together.
, and though fighting was a part of any relationship, they fought way too much for it to be healthy.
for me." She let out a chuckle.
Toni wasn't sleeping, even though her eyes were closed. She was fully alert in her small cell, which she had been in for what seemed like weeks, but without any windows, she couldn't keep track of the days and the nights. Everything started to blend together. Every so often (Toni wasn't able to keep track of how often), an officer would bring water to her. She was feed twice a day, or what she thought was twice a day.
"I don't like being handled things," she said, feebly. She sound pathetic as she had a hard time controlling her breathing.
With a disgusting look in his eyes, he responded, "You must give me something in return."
"Take a few deep breaths." Rhodey stated.
This was why the smell of pine threw her when she stepped into the communal lounge. It was that aroma, which attacked her as she entered the room. It was almost overwhelming, taking over everything. It was like a Christmas lot with the pine and peppermint smell that developed in the room. Judging by the strength of the aroma, this smell was fresh and recent. Unable to stop herself, she flashed back.
"I know the guys would want you to have these," he said, tapping on the box.
To Toni's joy (she really didn't want to hurt Peggy), Peggy was able to dodge; however, Toni kept focused. Using this opening, Toni lifted her leg in the attempt to kick the gun out of Peggy's hand, and though she missed and hit Peggy's wrist, the gun still dropped from her hand. As soon as she heard the gun hit the floor, Toni launched herself at Peggy knowing damn sure that she wasn't a match for Agent Carter, but she had to try.
Bucky already thought he was crazy as he kept trying to enlist, but if he knew that Steve was obsessing over a woman, who he didn't know, he would make him check into a mental hospital. He didn't understand what Steve was going through or what he was thinking. Bucky was a big and strong man, who anyone would want unlike him, who struggled to even open jars.
Okay, that hurt more than he expected it to. How could she say that? "Toni. You know that isn't true. We-"
"Cut the bull," Toni snapped, interrupting him. She glared at him before staring at the ceiling. "I am
Steve disliked that she knew him so well after a short amount of time, and when did he space out so much that it became expected of him? "It's nothing."
Toni side stepped Steve without saying a word, but if eyes could kill, he would be dead. "Bruce," she called, her eyes switching to Bruce.
Bucky snorts as he rests his head on the crown of Tony's. "Not a hundred times."
After a scrubbing herself three times to make sure she was cleaned, Toni turned off the shower and walked to a bench located a foot outside of the communal shower area. Alone in the locker room, she took her time getting her towel. After a few seconds of being completely naked, she wrapped the towel around her body and stepped toward a mirror. She dropped the towel slightly as she stared at her small form. She had lost a few pounds and she could see her some of her rips. Her current state reminded her of her condition when she was rescued in the desert. Her stomach growled taking her out of her thoughts. She needed to eat something, because she was exhausted just by standing there. However, she was unable to look away from her small frame.
0*0*0
*O*O*
Fury took a deep breath. "Wait here."
"How…" she said, but her breath died in her throat. Everything was spinning on her.
"It is not looking well, Boss," the AI replies. "Whenever the team prepares to attack, the droids morph, changing their makeup and making their attacks ineffective."
Toni stepped in and closed the door behind her. In front of her was an empty room filled with 4 large monitors with images that changed every few seconds. From the floor to the ceiling, three walls were lined with large fat computer towers. She had forgotten how gigantic computers were in this time. Getting over her shook, she took a seat behind the monitors and eyed the keyboard, if she could call it that as it didn't even look like a keyboard. She plugged in her scanner, and she started to type away. She would need to be fast about this, because the guy who was supposed to be stationed here could be back at any second.
Fury stepped toward him. "Trying to save it."
Jim's eye twitches as the bot stops chasing him and returns to the door. Once again, Dum-E is standing guard with the fire extinguisher ready. "What the hell, Tony? Set your bots to kill me? Is FRIDAY going Skynet?"
"So far," he replied as he helped him to the door. "We have to get going, Bucky."
"Excuse me?" Toni asked, getting pissed. Why was she the only woman they betted on? There were plenty of women these men could go after. Why the hell did he think she wanted it? She didn't want it… Okay, she did like it and there was times that she wanted. Heck, she hadn't had sex in a while, but that did not mean she would sleep or even consider sleeping with any of these men.
"Isn't that something for cops? And not the US Military?" What could this man want? He wanted something, and Toni didn't want any part in it.
"So how are you really?"
Maybe, I can slip my hand out of if I dislocate my thump, she thought, but she disregarded that thought. If she did that, she would have two worthless hands, and she needed at least one working hand. Maybe, I should just stay still and wait to see what will happen. She knew if she tried to escape it would make her look guilty, and that wouldn't help her. If she wanted to get out of here and back to her device, she would need them to let her go.
Steven took a deep breath as he recalled the events from the night that he found the woman. Just moments before he found her, he was laughed out of a recruitment office for the first time. Yes, laughed at, because no one could understand why anyone like him would want to enlist. He could hear the whispers from everyone, teasing that he could be killed by a look alone, and that hurt. It wasn't like he cared what others thought, but these insults hurt because he thought the same. "Can't think like that," he told himself. Like he was doing now, he had taken a long walk in the cold that night; however, he doubted he would come across a bleed woman again. God, he hoped not. He didn't need to be worrying about two unknown women.
(See the end of the chapter for
Barnes gave her a weird look, while adding, "Not in your condition."
"Toni, you're going to go crazy if you don't talk about it. I know you can't sleep and that you hadn't been able to sleep for a while."
"Look down, Crazy Lady," Barnes mocked as he pointed down, earning a glare from Steve.
Toni found Savin's car easy enough, and she was in the driver's seat without minutes. She had the heat blasting within seconds, trying to warm her frozen body. She sat there for a second, taking in all of the heat that she could; however, she also needed that second to calm herself. Her emotions were all over the point, and she couldn't function like this. With her legs still tingling, her body still felt foreign to her, and it was amazing that she could even move.
Barnes didn't say anything before he turned to her. "We might be screwed," he muttered.
"Just shut up," her stalker hissed. The female Commander laughed.
Peggy kept the gun trained on Toni, but one of her hands dropped to her pocket and pulled out a pair of handcuffs. "You can explain it to Colonel Phillips." She took a few steps toward Toni. "Hold out your arms. I'm placing you under arrest."
Rogers' face reddened. "I… Toni… No…I…can guess… but Peggy and I aren't going steady."
Dum Dum gave Gabe a look before he glanced to Toni. "He rigged it."
"You can't keep it in."
Savin let out a chuckle as he continued to step toward her. "Oh, this one was very interested in finding you."
At first the joking was fun, as it helped her forget about her pain, but now, the jokes were getting to be too much. She needed them to stop. "No, I think I'm good. What fun would it be if you don't find her for yourself? And I think the world would drop into madness without a Toni Stark," she said.
He turned to her and studied her. If Stark's disappearance (he wasn't too sure about the whole time-traveling idea) and the break in at Black Hawk wasn't related, it would be quite a coincidence, and he didn't believe in coincidences. "What do you suggest I do, Agent Hill?" he asked.
Shaking her head, Toni glanced back down at the letter in her hands, and unable to stop herself, she reread the letter. Even with the second reading, it touched her heart, leaving her light of breath. How could that man leave her in tears? How could he turn her into a crybaby?
"You aren't thinking clearly."
Rogers, Barton, and Romanoff stepped into the Tower just before 3 am, shortly before it started to rain—No, downpour. It was a complete downpour. The city became a burry mess as the thick rain ran down the long windows of the tower. With the light dimming, it was hard to see anything besides water, not that anyone cared for the view for the moment. The gang had arrived back early by a few days, and they just wanted to crawl into bed and sleep for days. It was nice to be back after a ruff few weeks, and no one was complaining about the lack of view or the horrible weather.
It is longer than I intended, but it has everything that I wanted in this chapter, so I hope you like it.
Phillips' grip loosen, but he kept a grip on her arm. "I'm sorry," he said, softly. "I was out of line."
“Yes Miss Lily” the AI answered
He and Tony sat up immediately, Tony pressed the call button and Steve grasped his son’s hand.
“no, the bike will be quicker” Steve said as he ran towards where his bike was parked.
“Where’s Lily” Peter asked, now he was properly awake and coherent.
“Umm, you can have my Pop’s number but can I call him, I don’t want him to freak out.” She said, releasing how stupid that sounded. She could just imagine her dad’s reaction when he finds out that Peter is in the hospital having been shot at god knows what time at night, when he was supposed to be at a sleepover with Ned.
When Steve heard Lily call his name, and when he saw her there, all alone, looking like shit, all his anger faded away. He pulled her into the tightest hug he could give and let her break down in his arms, let her cry out all the trauma and adrenaline from the evening before.
Lily turned her head with immense effort, to face the tallest man she had ever seen.
Lily looked up, saw him, and her eyes widened.
“Peter, have you been shot?” She asked as she hauled her limp brother into her room.
Sometimes she wished that she had normal parents, but then she remembered that she wouldn’t have anything near the level of love and adoration directed at her and Peter, and she probably wouldn’t be in the position she is at now in her life. Attending a prestigious art school that frankly cost way too much money for what they did, but she loved every moment of being there. The people all loved art just like her, they all appreciated each other’s talents and she had some pretty awesome friends that didn’t judge her for all her parents money or their jobs.
“Friday, are lily and Peter anywhere in the tower?” He asked, his voice wavering as he pictured the blood in Lily’s room.
To a normal person, or someone in her family, all those things were because of his genetics, the reflexes from their Pops, the muscle from working out with Aunt Natasha. The scars from all his childhood illnesses and tumbles. But lily knew differently and it scared her to think that when it all came out, it wouldn’t just be Peter that would go through the mill, it would be her too, and she would get it worse because she was older and ‘wiser’ and supposed to set a good example. And although the prospect of being on the receiving end of that wrath, she would do it all over again if it meant that Peter didn’t get the blame.
As she lay him on the floor, she ripped his Spider-Man suit off his small frame and was met with two deep stab wounds to the stomach and a deep gash on the side of his arm.
“Shit, Friday tell me his vitals” She asked, a small solitary tear falling down her cheek.
He didn’t answer
Wonderful. She thought.
Tony leant forward to look at his phone which was dancing in small circles on the glass table as it buzzed. As he did he realised that it wasn’t just his phone buzzing, it was everyone's.
“fine, shall we just leave then” tony said.
“sorry” came a shy little reply.
“Friday?” She asked.
The lights immediately turned on and Lily swung her legs over the side of her bed and padded to the door, as she poked her head round the corner of the door frame, she didn’t expect to find Peter lying on the balcony floor, holding his hand to his stomach.
He jumped off the edge of the building, shooting a web out to catch the side of the window and as he flew past the window he saw three men coming into the room, grabbing his sister and dragging her out.
“steeeeve” he whisper whined.
That threw lily, she thought peter had been with her, shed dragged him into the study, but then had let go of his arm to find the silent alarm. It never occurred to her to look and check for her brother, she assumed he'd be behind her.
He barely registered the grunt of pain she made and she hit the tiled floor hard.
Her friends from art college had asked whether she wanted to attend a all night drawing party, but she politely declined saying that she was having a family dinner with her dad’s and all her aunts and uncles. Which wasn’t a lie, but in fact she ended up having dinner on her own because her family were called into an emergency meeting with Fury just as they all sat down for dinner.
“Yes, that’s us” her dads both said.
Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
He was met with a large red screen, with black writing saying breach alert, silent alarm activated, location Stark tower New York.
“don’t be smart with me girl. I'm not here for you, I'm here for your brother, and you are going to tell me where he is” said the man.
“stop arguing like old ladies and get in the jet” said a voice behind them.
He had three guns on him, one of them being the one she got out of the cupboard in the wall. Two daggers, one carefully placed in a sheath on each thigh. He also had some sort of spear folded and sheathed over his back.
As his sister frantically ran around the room trying to find something he never knew existed, she slipped through the open window and climbed up onto the balcony above. Just as he did that a huge explosion hit the building, he fell backwards, keeping his footing but wobbling a bit.
“hold this” she hissed as she searched the room for the silent alarm that notified all emergency contacts. The avengers, happy, fury, Rhodey and pepper.
“Of course, honey, just let me know when he is on the way”the nurse replied as she got up and opened the door.
“Peter, what…what happened” she stuttered.
He shot out a web, and swung silently to his parents floor. As he landed on the corridor floor. He saw that all the pictures of them as a family had been smashed and ripped, his room and lily's had been wrecked, clothes ripped up, ornaments broken.
All that came was muffled groan from the bed. Sighing, Steve ripped the covers off of his husbands and dragged him out of the bed.
Lily hates lying to her parents, but she knew that she was keeping Peter safe until he was ready to tell dad and pops about his little superhero hobby.
Tony gasped and Steve swore he almost broke the phone.
Shit. He recognised that man. He'd failed to save his family in a fire. And now he wanted revenge. wonderful.
After about ten minutes of chaos, it was just Steve, Tony and the kids again.
But of course, with his luck, that was never meant to be.
The gunshots.
“Come here, Lily, have a hug from pops” Steve said as she welcomed his daughter into his arms.
“Peter, honey, can you hear me, it’s pops.” He said, Hope in his voice.
There was no reply.
Lily tensed up as he brought the silver object close to her cheek.
“Right call and ambulance but direct them to the street down the road and tell them I’ll be there with Peter, let them know of his condition and tell them to hurry, also under no circumstances do you wake my dad or pops or anyone in this tower Friday” She said.
He revived a nod of approval from Tony. And that was when Steve knew that they would all be okay.
Lily had almost made it down the hall when she heard a massive crash followed by three loud pops. She froze, she knew that sound, had been trained to recognise those signs since she could run fast enough. Shed heard them in training rooms with her aunts and uncles growing up. They were gunshots, bullets as the ripped into whatever stood in the course of flight.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
“I know, but I don’t know, I can’t move” she said.
“Okay, why don’t we all calm down and talk about this normally, before we get chucked out of the hospital okay” Steve said.
“ this situation is not ideal, at all, and I know that it will take some time to figure out, but Peter if you can prove to us that you can deal with Spider-Man and be sensible about it, I don’t see why you can’t do it in the future” Steve said.
As she looked down she saw too much blood running down her legs, the floor.
Tony launched himself out of his seat, grabbed his jacket and Steve's hand and practically fell over himself to get out of this god damn meeting and get to new York.
She got a groan in reply, breathing out a sigh of relief she went to help him up, when she felt something warm trickling down her legs.
“I don’t like metaphors, they are pointless, just get to the point will you” lily whispered back.
“you okay there daydreamer” came a voice that brought her out of her thoughts.
Dialing his number she pressed the phone against her ear and waited for him to answer.
The explosion.
“I am NOT getting on that death trap with you, when our kids are in danger Rodgers” tony snapped as he punched Happy’s number in his phone.
He could hear voices, actually, only one. Male.
Lily grabbed her sheets of the bed and wrapped them around Peter’s abdomen and arms. She then got dressed herself, putting on some white sweatpants and a red T-shirt. She then quickly ran to peters room and grabbed him some clothes, his phone and his charger. And then picked her brother’s light frame up and placed him on her waist, carrying him like a toddler.
“Sorry dad” lily said as she sat down on the couch, all life deflating our of her.
Steve didn’t know how long he and Tony sat there, but it seemed like years, until he heard a small groan come from the bed beside him.
Peter.
Lily knew that he would be awake for another five hours or so, and a small cup of coffee would do him no harm. She wouldn’t tell Pops, though, he would freak out, according to him caffeine is an adult drink and not something sixteen year old boys should be drinking. She smiled at that thought, an image of pops saying that as he drank coffee appeared in her head. As she turned into Peter’s room she thought she heard a small scream, and paused looking down and up the hall to check, but there was nothing.
“strange” lily said to herself. Perhaps dad had been tinkering with Friday today.
“No, sir, they are not in the tower” Friday replied
“I’m sorry too” Tony said
Eventually a nice looking nurse came up to her and took her to the bathrooms to let her wash herself up, the nurse then lead her to a room with a bed and some fresh clothes.
When they arrived at the hospital, Peter was whisked away from her and she was left standing in the reception foyer, covered in his blood. She probably looked a fright to anyone who passed her.
“I’m sorry about the woodwork” Peter said
“Know, as you are only 18, I need a contact detail so I can call your parents” the nurse said
He lifted his head to meet the eyes of his husband, those big brown eyes were filled with fear, concern, hints of anger, but most of all relief, that at least 50% of their offspring was okay.
Steve was speechless, he didn’t know what to say to that, out of all the scenarios he had whirling round in his head, that was not one of them. Kidnappers would have been more straightforward.
“Friday, what time is it?” lily asked as she poured a load of hot water and soap into a crusty looking pan.
“Yes, you’re very welcome, anyway, your son, Peter, is doing well, remarkably the stab wounds are healing remarkably quickly and the one on his arm is doing the same. He is in recovery now, if you would like to see him” doctor Hamilton said, as he gestured towards a small room in the corner of the ward.
Peter swung around the east side of the tower, and landed on the balcony of the avengers floor. He slipped in through the smashed window and made his way through the floor and to the stairs.
“Friday, how far is the nearest hospital” she asked, Lily couldn’t believe what she was about to do.
“Let’s try that again, why was he in your balcony, it’s not like he cannot access your room through the normal route of a door” Tony said
And growing up In their shadow was hard, especially since she hardly ever saw her dads when she was growing up, What with Loki and Ultron basically crashing her life. Lily couldn’t count the amount of times her home had been destroyed, partially destroyed or that she’d been evacuated to a safe place.
“Karen, what do I do” he said, his voice breaking
So that left her and Peter having the spaghetti for dinner. As usual Peter had wolfed down his whole plate and then had said he was going on patrol and to tell Dad and Pops that he had gone to Ned’s for a sleepover.
“I will get Happy” Tony said as he ran towards the car that had brought them here.
Lily was pulled out of her thoughts by a rather large thump on her balcony, she sat up uickly and whipped her head towards the open doors.
“Thank you so much sir” her Pops replied,
As Steve got out of bed, he had a strange feeling in his stomach, like something was wrong. Putting it down to tiredness or hunger, he hopped in the shower and then got dressed.
What she did care about was where peter was.
“Lily, how was Peter stabbed” Tony said, his voice incredible serious
“He will be okay, Miss Rodgers” Doctor Hamilton said.
“It’s one of our on call rooms, but you look like you need more than me, so get some rest and I’ll let you know when you can see your brother okay” the nurse said, in such a kind voice.
“I’m sorry more, for putting all that pressure on you Lily, I never wanted you to deal with that. I mean the occasional few stitches here and there, when I need them is fine, and you assured me that I could wake you up whatever time, whevever I needed to. And frankly when I got shot I’d didn’t know what to do, and all I knew that any medical decision I made would be dangerous to my life and I knew that you would do something sensible, even if it didn’t look it to someone on the outside” Peter said.
She supposed that was the thing about being the children of two superheroes, that you weren’t expected to go into the ‘family business’ because you were expected to do something ‘better’ with your life. But the thing was this ‘family business’ was all that her and Peter had ever known. Lily was born before the avengers were formed, but by the time Peter was born the avengers were assembled, and Lily had come to know this group of superheroes her family.
“Fri, can you tell me the time?” she asked again, panic rising in her body. It wasn’t like the programme to not reply at all.
She had approached the topic with Dad, only to receive a ‘go and ask pops, I’m busy’, but Lily hadn’t got round to asking Pops because he’d been training with Aunt Natasha and Uncle Clint all day. So this was Lily found herself at ten o clock at night, drawing a cat she’d probably never be able to own.
“Don’t talk to me like that, and yes he is now banned from all Spider-Man activities until I deem it safe to do so” Tony shouted
“Pete, wrong room” she hissed as she turned around to check dad and pops hadn’t been woken up.
“We’re on our way, do not go anywhere, do you hear me, stay there” Tony said.
Steve hung up and grabbed his keys and a cap, as Tony grabbed another cap and started barking orders at Friday to contact doctor Helen cho and happy, and pepper and alert the avengers.
Peter didn’t have a chance to register the gun raising or the bullet flying towards him. But what he did have time to register was the bullet entering his shoulder, sending him flying to the ground, in an immense cloud of pain and blood.
Both her dads’ immediately got up and walked/ran towards the room where Peter was recovering. But lily couldn’t find herself to move, she didn’t know whether she wanted to see him. She wanted him to be okay, but she didn’t want to see him in pain, like he was barely eight hours ago.
So he grabbed his suit, and allowed himself to be dragged in many many directions by his sister. When the reached the study, Peter quickly chucked his suit on over his clothes which wasn’t ideal, but he didn’t have the time to think about that. Perhaps the fact their home had been breached and there wasn’t an avenger in sight was the more pressing problem.
Lily simply nodded and once the nurse had shut the door, Lily closed the blinds and changed into the clothes provided, they were a bit big and they smelt of dust, but to be honest at around midnight, Lily didn’t care about what she looked like. She got into the small bed and fell asleep as soon as her head hit the pillow.
Peter flinched and recoiled into himself, Lily then suddenly appeared.
When lily ran into his room, peter froze, he knew that sound, gunshots. And by the look on his sisters face, so did she.
“that is what you are going to see, your brother lying on the floor of his own home, dying, just like what my wife saw as her children burned in their own home, just as I saw as I was pulled out by this prick here. He didn’t save my kids or my wife, he saved me, but what worth does my life have is my family aren’t alive, not much, but ive added a bit more, now I've got revenge and ruined another family's life.” he said.
“Hi pops” came a very quiet voice through the phone speaker.
“Of course, Miss, but you might want to staunch the bleeding” Friday said
“When someone you care about deeply is hurt, everyone reacts differently, it is, perfectly  normal for you to feel this way. Last night your only mission was to get him here, alive, and now he is, you don’t know what to do. Well here is my advice, go in there and be his big sister, make him laugh, be his friend. Your parents will do the rest” Doctor Hamilton said.
How can a robot be sympathetic, peter thought.
Lily smiled, “thank you” She said, as she walked towards the room where her dads were.
“7:00pm Miss” Friday replied.
“Friday close the windows on the floor” lily said, just to be safe.
“your parents have been notified Peter, all you can do is make your way to their location, they will do the rest” Karen replied her voice sympathetic.
“Okay” she whispered, she could feel her own heart start to beat faster. She couldn’t tell her dads, they’d kill her and then Peter.
Tony was sat in a very uncomfortable chair, in a very cold room, in a very boring meeting, with all the other avengers and fury, all of whom except fury looked thoroughly bored to death.
“Pete, you know the usual thing you do when you’ve cooked is to clean up afterwards” she shouted from the kitchen, hoping that he would hear it from all the way down the hall.
“I’ll be just outside, when you’ve finished you can come and see Peter, he is in recovery” the nurse said as she closed the door.
Steve followed her and Tony took up the rear. God he was scared, a security breach. By who, how, and most of all why. There had been zero missions In the last year, not since Ultron and frankly Tony was bored. That ruled out enemies apart from those with vendettas, and the only other category were nutters.
He saw the captor reach into his bag, pull out some sort of round cylinder box thing and place it on the floor. The man then walked over to Lily, pulled her chair up, which earned him a pained shout from Lily. He then picked up the box thing and tied it around her feet and the legs of the chair. He pressed a small green button and walked off.
“pet…” Karen tried to say, but peter had already taken his mask off, he didn’t want to listen to her right now, he needed to help Lily.
“What do you mean it hurts” she said, as she ran onto the balcony and crouched down on the wooden floor next to Peter.
Lily sat in a very hard, plastic chair, her head rested against the cold tiled wall. As she waited for her dads to storm the entrance.
Steve felt immensely proud then, of both of his kids, Peter for acknowledging how wrong he was and  for caring for her brother, and acting rationally and keeping her brother alive.
When Steve woke up, Tony was still knocked out in the bed beside him and the clock on the wall opposite the bed read 6:15 am.
“Steve” tony whispered.
Lily lay on her bed, the sounds of the city outside the tower lulling her into a light sleep, she had had the most hectic day at school, with a six hour art exam and then immediately after having to give a tour of the school to some new students. She’d only just got home and had immediately slumped on her bed and closed her eyes. Peter was in his room, studying, and there was evidence of some sort of dinner, he had attempted to make in the kitchen, if the mess was anything to go by. Both her parents were out, at some sort of avengers meeting at the site outside of town, and they wouldn’t be back until tomorrow morning. Deciding that sleep wasn’t on her side tonight, Lily got up, grabbed a hoody from the floor of her room, slipped it on and trudged into the kitchen to start to clean up the mess her brother had made.
“I’m Doctor Hamilton, I treated your son, for two stab wounds to the abdomen and one smaller gash to the left arm.” The doctor said.
“thanks” said peter as he continued to type furiously on his laptop. He didn’t even look up, as she walked out and went back down the hall.
“Can you dim the lights to ten percent please?” She said as he packed up her pencils and dumped them on the floor next to her bed.
Fury was rabbiting on in his passionate and slightly aggressive way about rules and laws and the UN and other frankly dull stuff, that tony could do without in his already increasingly stressful life. with two teenagers to raise, one being a superhero and the other being hormonal all the time, alongside running a business and trying to save the world, oh and don’t forget being a god damn good husband, fury was at the very bottom of his priority list.
It was distant, it sounded like it came from one of the below floors, or even maybe the city outside, all the upstairs windows were open in the lounge.
“He’s Spider-Man” lily said, her voice blunt and unemotional
Steve suddenly had a urge to go to Peter’s room, he practically ran down the corridor and round the corner to Peter’s room. His door was open too, his bed was made, his balcony doors shut, but his closet door was open and lots of clothes were strewn across the floor, the draws were open, it looked like someone had been rummaging through the draw and cupboards trying to find something.
As the windows made a robotic wiring sound as they closed, Lily got up to take a cup of coffee to Pete.
“see that” the captor said
“I thought you were going to say that” the man said, as he reached for one of the daggers in his thigh.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
“Put it on speaker, Steve” Tony asked as he came and stood next to him, placing his hand on his shoulder.
“Which hospital are you at?” Steve asked
“there she is, sleeping beauty, is finally awake” said a gruff voice to her right.
“Yeah, you were so brave, but we are going to have to talk to you about keeping secrets from your old dads here, and also talk to you about not bleeding out on your sister’s bedroom floor at god knows what hour of the night okay?” Tony said
However the main problem that hit Steve like a tonne of bricks was that, neither of his children were on the floor.
“Of course, would you like me to close the doors too?” Friday asked
Tony didn’t know how long he sat there in the increasingly uncomfortable chair, but it was a long time because even fury seemed to look like he wasn’t enjoying the meeting anymore than tony. But all of his thoughts were interrupted by a buzzing of his phone.
“no” Steve replied and turned his head back to Fury and the very boring meeting.
“Mr Rodgers” a new voice said, they all looked up.
She heard a muffled love you, and smiled.
Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Lily woke up to the sound of hushed speaking. She couldn’t place where she was. All she knew was that her whole body ached, and her head HURT. As her awareness slowly started to come back to her, she realised where she was.
“Keep them open, I like to listen to the sounds of the city” she replied as she went into her closet to fish out her night clothes.
Anywhere.
Steve could’ve cried, “Yes, Peteroo it’s pops and Dad, and Lily” Steve said.
“the whole point about a French exit is that nobody notices you leaving, if we get up and leave now, everyone will notice.” Steve whispered back, smiling also.
“lily” he thought
“I don’t know where he is” lily said, glaring at her captor.
“Sorry, was protecting an old woman, being the friendly neighbourhood Spider-Man” Peter mumbled.
“then lets get the fucking bus tony, I don’t care, we need to get to our kids NOW” Steve all but cried.
“Nope, I got the right one, Lily help, it hurts” her brother whined
Taking a deep breath, lily prepared herself for the onslaught of questions she will get once her pops answers the phone.
“About three miles, which is about 20 minutes in an ambulance miss” Friday replied
“Dad, Pops” She said, slightly louder than she intended, two heads turned her way, and immediately they started walking over to her, her Pops marching towards her.
“Now that you are awake and coherent, Peter, we need to talk about the small issue of your superhero hobby and secret keeping” Tony said as he sat back in the chair and crosses his arms against his chest.
The tower.
He was tall, and lean, not muscly, but he was physically fit, she could tell, she could see his toned muscles through his black t-shirt.
“Steve, what the hell” Tony half shouted as he flailed around on the floor.
Steve on a normal occasion would have laughed at the look on his husband’s face. But Instead he just ocnetrated in the dialling noise ringing through his ears.
She hadn’t noticed him and that was good, she didn’t need to, all he needed to do was have the element of surprise.
And that was how they stayed, holding each other, Tony holding Peter and Steve holding Lily, because they knew that if they stayed together , everything would be okay.
“Lily, honey where are you, are you okay, why is there blood in your room. Where is Peter?” Steve and Tony half shouted down the phone.
As he neared the room, he looked behind him to find Tony only steps behind him and he grasped his husbands hand and opened the door. There he saw his son, his small figure wrapped in white bandages and gauze, his arm in a sling, wires attached to him, the heart monitor beeping quietly, a radio was playing some kind of chill music. Steve walked round the bed and sat down on the seat beside the bed, suddenly feeling all the adrenaline rush out of him. Tony did the same on the other side of the bed.
A sharp pain brought Lily out of her superior thoughts, the knife. Her captor had dragged it down her cheek, and as blood rolled down her cheek, and into her mouth, the nape of her neck, and onto her clothes, lily hoped that peter had escaped and didn’t have the sense to come back, but to find help.
After she had put her pyjamas on, Lily crawled into her too large bed and lay directly in the middle of all the cushions. She closed her eyes and listened to the beeping of cars, the sounds of sirens as they speed past the tower, the sound of people shouting and laughing as they walk into town to have a good Friday night.
“yes my love” Steve whispered.
Lily finally finished up cleaning the kitchen and had perched herself on the kitchen stool, when she heard a high pitched ringing.
“As you wish, Miss” the AI replied.
“grab your phone, a sharp object and your suit and come with me” lily said as she clutched her younger brothers arm and yanked him down the corridor, she turned sharply at the corner and ran into her room, grabbed her phone, and then ran into their parents room.
Tony snapped his head to Steve's, whose body was rigid.
“What did you do” Steve asked, not bringing himself to imagine what his daughter was going to say next.
Being careful not to be too loud she got in the elevator and allowed Friday to direct her to the ambulance.
“Well, last night peter turned up on my balcony, having been stabbed multiple times, he needed help, and I didn’t want to wake you, so I asked Friday to call an ambulance and I took him to the hospital. He’s fine now and um one of the nurses asked me to call my parents, so I guess I did” lily said, her voice wavering.
It was a warm night, the sky was a purpley pink, the light wind blowing the curtains in her bedroom around, they blew around like ballet dancers, Lily thought. She was sat on her bed, headphones on, drawing a picture of a cat she desperately wanted to adopt from the shelter near Peter’s school in queens.
“Okay, right” Steve said, as he started to panic.
“yeah I'm alright, just tired, I brought you some coffee, to perk you up a bit” she said as she placed it beside his books on the desk.
Then he heard a female one. Lily.
“Tony, he has only just woken up” Steve hissed, just as about three doctors entered the room and started asking Peter loads of questions and pressing all sorts of buttons and prodding Peter.
Steve didn’t move, didn’t even acknowledge his words. Rude tony thought.
“There is a huge pool of blood in Lily’s room, a discarded Spider-Man suit and Peter’s room has been searched, add to the fact that they are not in the tower, suggest to me they are missing” Steve said, as he dialled Lily’s number, hoping to god that she answered.
“Fridays turn up the lights to 50 percent now” she hissed
Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
She turned round on her heel, and ran down to peters room. She flung open the door, and there was peter, standing in the middle of his room, frozen to the spot, clutching his Spiderman suit.
Peter just stood there as she punched numbers into a pad on the wall which opened a small compartment in the wall, she grabbed the gun stashed in there and the small bag and slung it over her shoulder. She then grabbed her brother’s arm again and dragged them both into the study that took the lift down to her Dad’s lab.
Peter, her younger brother, on the other hand, had had in his mind that he wanted to be like his dads since he could talk. And two years ago whilst on a school trip to Oscorp, he had got what he wanted. Sometimes Lily looked at Peter and forgot that he was Spider-Man, but then it hit her, she could see the small scars on his arms from all the times she had sewn him up because the cut was too deep for his healing factor to kick in, she could see the quick reflexes he had, the lean muscle that he hid behind his baggy hoodies.
“I wouldn’t say I was sleeping” lily hissed through her teeth.
“I promise dad” lily replied.
“He is breathing, although his heart rate is too slow and he seems to be losing quite a lot of blood” Friday replied
Peter was still awake he was on his side now, with a clear view of his sister, who was lying in a pool of her own tears and matted blood.
“ so um, please don’t freak, I acted in the way I thought was plausible given the situation.” Lily said
“Hey, Peter” She said with a hint of urgency to her voice as she shook him.
“How did you expect it to come out? Casually at dinner, through a Spider-Man themed present at Christmas, through a news feed, or through you almost dying, bleeding out on your sisters floor, scaring her to death, us to death, huh, is that how you planned it” Tony snapped.
As Steve was making breakfast, the knot in his stomach started to tighten, so he stopped what he was cooking, placing the pan on the wooden surface. And he started to walk down the corridor towards Lily’s room.
“Here, they probably taste awful, but you need something in you” the nurse said as she place the drink and snack on the table and sat beside Lily on the bed.
The captor seeing her expression turned around, and saw him.
