The walk back to his bedroom is difficult. Dean has to stop a couple of times along the bunker’s corridor, swaying against the wall, his outflung arm catching him before he can fall. Whoa, the eggnog was a lot stronger than he thought. He’d only had, what, four? Five at the most. Okay, six if you were gonna be all accurate about it and count the tasting to make sure the bourbon to dairy ratio was correct. Six eggnogs while decorating the tree with Sam and Cas.
“I was out on an aurora tour tonight, taking pictures. I know that people go out on the ice in the tundra buggies to see the polar bears so I figured the bears stayed out there. In nature. On the ice. Away from town. And that’s why people have to drive out to see them.”
“What are you doing in Faya-Largeau?” Dean asks.
Cas’s hand is warm on Dean’s thigh, holding the skin taut so he can peel the surgical tape from his skin. His eyes are intent on what he’s doing and looking at his profile is doing things to Dean. He feels the familiar needy warmth of arousal. He sits up, towel slipping away, as Cas pulls the last of the tape off.
“Mother,” he says in an effort to forestall her, “what a lovely party. You look beautiful.” Naomi leans forward so Cas can dutifully kiss her cheek.
“Fuck, Cas...” Dean’s trying so hard not to buck up into Cas’s mouth. Cas is leaning over him, his hand braced on the mattress the other side of Dean. He’s still half seated on the chair, carefully avoiding the wound on Dean’s thigh. He’s facing Dean’s feet, and the angle is incredible, Dean’s cock is pressed against Cas’s tongue as he takes him in deep. His stubble occasionally rasps against Dean’s belly in a prickly counterpoint to the smooth velvet drag of his mouth.
Smiling, Cas turns back to the computer and opens his email. There are four in his Inbox from Zachariah. Cas rolls his eyes. As if he’s conjured him, he hears Zachariah’s voice floating into his office, speaking loudly to someone as he climbs the stairs.
Mashaya looks at Dean, taking in his dishevelled appearance and the edge of the bandage visible at the hem of his shorts.
“Sam had to save both of us back there. No. I’m not putting either of you in further danger.”
They stop talking and turn to look at him. Mashaya looks annoyed. Youssef’s face is impassive. The other man swings his rifle off his shoulder at the belligerent tone in Dean’s voice.
Gabe looks at him and says in a voice that sounds like he’s trying hard to rein in his disdain, “Yes. You’re Mashaya. The Walker.”
Cas keeps stealing looks at Dean. His face is flushed and his teeth are white against his skin when he smiles at something on the television. He picks up his beer bottle and cradles it in his hands. His strong, capable hands. Cas shakes his head to get that thought out of there quick. Dean looks up and catches Cas staring.
Cas sighs heavily. “We’ll be out of sight of the spa once we’re behind this building. And as for the cold...” Cas touches Dean’s hand and he feels an electric tingle that spreads out into a gentle warmth over his whole body.
“Well, get your ass outta that bed, this ain’t Saturday morning. We got things to do.”
Dean’s saved from answering by the appearance of two men in climbing gear on the balcony. Europeans: German or Scandinavian by the look of them. They greet Dean and Cas in stilted English and then exclaim over the rock paintings, and the moment is gone. Cas leads the way back down the trail to the black pools. A new caravan has arrived, and the camels, some of them decked out in ornate saddles, are drinking thirstily from the pools, their drivers making tea over small fires near the canyon walls.Dean takes one last look around, trying to commit it all to memory, and then follows Cas back out the passage for the half hour walk back to the jeep.
“Not sure. I’m heading up north as soon as we get the all-clear on the insurgent activity.” Dean stands up and stretches the kinks out of his arms.
“What are you doing, Dean?”
“We need to move,” Cas breathes out, his words faltering as Dean bites gently along his shoulder. “Unless you just want me to pin you to this wall and fuck you right here.”
“Oh. I am. Kansas born and bred. But I was working up in the Alberta oil patch a couple years back, I’m a petroleum engineer. I knew a guy there who was from Quebec City.”
“I think your grace is a little outta control. And dude, is that what’s making everyone...um…romantic?”
“Is he dead? Did I kill him?” Dean asks.
Kevin starts to smile, then thinks better of it and schools his features into hardness. “Shut it, Dean. We’re on the clock here. I’m here to show you your past. To remind you how you and Cas met.”
When I'm feeling blue, all I have to do
, Dean thinks, healthy, not tired or pale, just a little road-worn, a couple of days’ stubble on his cheeks, hair uncombed.
Cas steps forward quietly and peeks in, wanting the element of surprise if he needs it. But he’s the one who’s surprised. A snippet of song insinuates itself into his brain.
Cas’s face is serious. He stands so that he’s mostly in shadow, but from where Dean’s sitting, he can see him clearly. Cas signs something, his hand in a fist and his thumb sliding down his jaw. A memory pops into his head.
In another few minutes, the lights dim and dissipate, finally vanishing and leaving only the bright diamonds of the stars, Cassiopeia tipped on her side, looking like she’s about to fall to Earth. Cas feels sated, like he’s tasted a dish he’d dreamed of eating for years, but already he wants more.
“Huh.”
“I could say the same for you.”
Apparently the whiskey and champagne are working. Dean’s definitely getting tipsy. He's got that slight buzz going, feeling it in his gut and around his eyes. He looks over at Cas, who’s blinking in the most adorable (adorable?) way as he sips from his flute. Dean looks away and fumbles in his pocket for Rowena’s hex bag. It’s small and lumpy. Once he’s feeling no pain, he’s supposed to squeeze it hard enough to break the sparrow bone inside and then the scrap of fabric with his blood on it will create the spell to keep him at that level of intoxication without having to drink any more. The spell is supposed to last until sunrise.
She leans close, chains on her arms rattling, and says in a deep, theatrical voice. “Ask me who I was.''
Cas washes his hands and fills the piping bag from the first container of cream. He’s got the tins of cream puffs on one side of him and clean platters on the other. He takes the first cream puff and inserts the end of the piping bag inside it, like Gordon did, and squeezes. Way too hard. The whipped cream shoots back out of the overfilled pastry like the money shot in a porno. Cas makes a mental note to wipe that off the floor later. The second one gets ruined too. And the third. It takes him a while to get the hang of it.
“This is your problem, Dean. You have no faith,” she says, flipping her curls back over her shoulder.
“Cas, what’s going on?” Dean asks, finally.
The chiming of Cas’s phone wakes him. He lies still for a moment, revelling in comfort. He’s warm, even though he’s not wearing any clothes, and someone’s pressed up against his left side, snoring softly. He lies there for a moment longer, letting this all sink through the sleepy cocoon of wellbeing he’s currently inhabiting.
. Two and two are starting to add up and Dean really doesn’t like the look of four.
“Sure, Cas, what do you need it for?” Dean can feel the heat of Cas’s body pressed up against him; Cas’s hand sliding up under his tee shirt.
“I wasn’t sure you’d come.”
Back at the bunker, Dean is feeling Cas’s absence like an itch under his skin. He’s not there in the kitchen when Dean makes coffee in the morning. His place on the couch is empty when Dean and Sam sit down to watch the hockey playoffs, and Dean misses the stream of questions that he always gets when he watches sports with Cas (
Dean leans against the side window of the car and answers. “I have a kid brother, Sam. He’s a lawyer in Lawrence. A sister-in-law Eileen; she’s a teacher at the Kansas School for the Deaf. And a niece Alex, she’s four, and apparently runs the daycare preschooler room like she’s a mafia don.” Cas laughs at the descriptions.
“Mornin’, Sunshine,” Dean says cheerfully. Cas glowers at him. “It’s 8:30 and I’m off the clock. How are you feeling?”
They finally part a few minutes later when they hear a noise from the door. Sam is standing there, grinning like a maniac. “Finally. Fucking
“The sights?”
And here it is. The freakout. Right on schedule. Cas’s stomach turns sour. He can’t do this. He can’t face Dean or go out for breakfast. He needs to get out of here. He fumbles through a few drawers in the kitchen before coming up with a pen and a pad of paper.
“Wow, Happy New Year,” Dean says, and Cas laughs and rolls off him, grabbing Dean’s tee shirt to clean them both up.
“Jesus, Gabe, stop with the interrogation.” Cas walks into the tent and smiles at Dean. Like the day before, he’s wearing an MSF tee shirt and scrubs. “I see you’ve met my brother. Sorry about that.”
“Measles vaccinations.” Cas closes his eyes for a second, and then blinks a few times to clear his vision. “We send teams out to do mobile clinics in the villages, we work with local medical staff where there are any, and we do it ourselves when there aren’t.” He stops for a moment, distracted.
6. Train your goldfish to swim through hoops!
Cas is feeling warm and a weird combo of content and aroused, thanks to the bear, the booze, and the proximity to his host. He scoots a bit closer to Dean under the pretext of picking up a cracker and some cheese. Dean’s grin indicates that he’s seen through the subterfuge. Cas smiles as innocently as he can and leans back, their thighs are touching now. And Dean’s not pulling away. Cas smiles to himself.
“You go ahead,” Dean says. I’m going to sit out here for a bit, enjoy the night air.”
“Do you need some more grace?” Cas asks, as they make their way onto a path at the octagonal sauna.
He still feels emotionally raw and confused at how quickly he took advantage of his attraction to Dean. And the sex had been, well, more than he expected from a one night stand. It’d been hot, sure, but it had been affectionate too. It was altogether less cursory, less orgasm-as-goal-driven than it had any right to be. For sure, Cas had been coming down from an adrenaline spike, and well-marinated in beer and whiskey, but it had seemed joyful somehow. More than just relief at being alive, there had been true enjoyment of each other's company.
The short uncomfortable silence that follows is broken when Victor comes in from the courtyard. “We’re not going up to the Kébir lease block today. I was just at the prefecture police station. They’ve received reports that there were attacks at Aozi and Gouro yesterday. Another kidnapping at Aozi. We’re staying here until we get more details. Well,
“Oh, no. Not going to spoil the surprise,” Cas answers, leaning back and stretching his legs out in front of him.
They walked across the parking lot and up a wooden staircase into a wooden building that looked like it might have been misplaced from a fairytale — a woodcutter’s cottage, only larger. They paid for admission and were given plastic bracelets with numbers scrawled on them in marker. The numbers matched lockers and by waving them in front of the locker, the door opened  to reveal long white terrycloth robes, two towels, and a water bottle.
Cas lies still and peers up at Dean from under raised eyebrows. In his peripheral vision, Dean can see the bemused look on his face as he hurriedly fumbles the buttons of Cas’s shirt open. He’s scratched up pretty badly, blood still oozing sluggishly from the stab wounds caused by the shojo’s nails, but he’s not in any real danger. Relief makes Dean light-headed. Cas is gonna be OK. He hasn’t lost him.
The next day is a carbon copy of the first. Cas has a sick feeling in his stomach that gets worse as the day goes by and nothing changes. Late in the afternoon, gambling that fate will replay their first reunion, Cas buys a beer and settles into the same chair he’d occupied two days previously, hoping against hope that he’ll look up agan and see Dean standing in front of him. He’s still sitting there, beer forgotten on the table beside him when the buzz of conversation in the hall around him rises as people start saying their goodbyes and then falls as the venue empties, the only people left are the ones disassembling the booths with quiet efficiency.
“Hipsters,” Dean says dismissively.
“Mr. Winchester,” Mashaya says, his voice cold, “I would advise you not to speak to me like that.”
The fleeting look that passes over Michael’s face tells Cas everything he needs to know.
There’s a feeling of wind, of being buffeted by a cyclone, and suddenly Dean and Kevin are standing in a barn. A familiar barn. There are sigils painted on the walls. Sigils on the ceiling, and all over the concrete floor. And over in the middle of the floor, sitting on a table, playing with the demon knife and looking bored out of his skull, Dean sees himself. Younger — pissier, too if the way he snaps at Bobby, sitting opposite him on another table, is any indication — but definitely him.
Visit beautiful Churchill Manitoba: Northern Lights, Polar Bears and Belugas
“Impact.”
“So, what do you mean by that?”
The shojo pauses next to a couple standing outside the entrance, lighting cigarettes. She hovers for a second, gazing at the sober, and therefore oblivious, smokers with a mournful face, before her attention switches to Cas, already across the drive and heading down a path bordered with small lanterns leading into a wooded area. She turns and moves slowly after him.
“Michael? What? Michael is here?” Meg gets up and goes towards the door, anger in every line of her body.
“I...I love you.” There. It’s out. A feeling of relief washes through him. Relief and a faint tingling.
So, Dean had gone to the hardware store in Lebanon and come back with a squirrel-proof bird feeder that he hung from a tree branch. It had spring-loaded, weight-sensitive perches, which allowed the birds access to the seeds, but the extra weight of the squirrel was enough to pull the perch down and close off access to the seed inside the feeder. The squirrel was confused. Dean stood there, enjoying his victory, maybe trash-talking the squirrel just a little bit, when the squirrel grabbed onto the end of a small branch with its hind feet and swinging slightly, lowered itself upside down to eat from the feeder without depressing the perch.
,” Dean’s brain helpfully supplies. Trench Coat is on his feet now, voice raised. It’s getting ugly in the booth. Dean looks for Albert, but he’s not behind the bar. He sighs and puts down his book before standing and walking towards the booth.
Cas takes one last look at the bandage and raises his eyes to meet Dean’s. His eyes go dark at the lust he sees in Dean’s, and he leans forward to kiss him, lightly at first and then with increasing hunger. Dean lets himself be pushed back on the bed. He’s drowning in sensation. Cas’s lips on his, Cas’s hand on his shoulder, Cas’s thigh pressing painfully against his bandage. In spite of himself, Dean whimpers. Cas mumbles an apology and moves his leg.
“I’ve got a good one. What is a meteorite’s favourite font?”
“What were you even doing up there? You know what? Never mind, I don’t want to know.” He returns his attention to his eggs. In his peripheral vision, he can see that Meg’s still looking at him, concern replacing the amusement that had been on her face a moment before.
will eat Brenda’s cooking.” a voice says, drily.
Dean leans close and kisses Cas. For a moment, Cas kisses back, and it’s magic. But suddenly he pulls away.
“Put pressure on this. It’ll slow down the bleeding,” Cas orders. He smooths Dean’s hair back from his forehead. “It’s ok. I don’t have a lot in this kit, but this should do until I can get the one  from the jeep and then we can get you back to the clinic.”
“You called me ‘babe’.”
Dean’s hunting. He’s crouched behind a large oak, motionless for close to twenty minutes now, waiting for his quarry to get close enough.
“An area rug.”
. Dean starts the car and leans over towards Cas, grinning. “It’s 106 miles to Chicago, we've got a full tank of gas, half a pack of cigarettes, it's dark, and we're wearing sunglasses.”
. It takes him a couple of tries to type ‘banishing spell’ into the library computer, but soon he’s pulling an old leather-bound book containing translations of ancient Assyrian clay tablets off the shelf. He pages through it, looking for the spell for banishing vermin from grain storage barns. True, the spell is really meant for mice and rats, but a squirrel is a rodent too, right? There’s no reason it shouldn’t work. He peers at the spell, blinking a little to make it come into focus.
She chews on her lip, looking troubled. “That’s not the Cas I know. He’d never have anything to do with Boko Haram or kidnapping girls. Dean, he spends his time vaccinating them so they’ll be healthy.”
, firmness; or even
Cas cries out again and Dean pushes down panic. He fights his way out of the woods to see  Cas on his back, elbowing himself backwards, blood blooming dark on his white shirt. The shojo is stalking forward, seemingly enjoying the sight of her prey helpless on the ground. Dean covers the distance between them as quickly and as quietly as he can. He has one chance. He has to save Cas. He can’t imagine a world in which he doesn’t.
Cas is out picking up food while Dean relaxes in the first motel they’ve gotten in nearly a week. Dean is on the phone with Sam.
Dean doesn’t actually talk to him for another two days. He packs his bags, ignoring Sam’s worried glances and Cas’ avoidant eyes. He packs lightly, trying to leave most of his weapons behind, but he’s a hunter. He can’t go completely unprotected.
“He’s not going to die.”
He gets to see Charlie and Bobby and Garth and the family. Jody and Donna and the girls. When Claire comes to sit by him, leaving Kaia talking to Charlie and Stevie, Dean doesn’t know what to say. Cas was like a father to her.
“I don’t believe so.”
“Yes! We would’ve tried to help. Or… I don’t know. We’re in this together,”
“Okay, you go help the rest of the victims out, and then get back to the car as fast as you can, call me when you’re ready and I’ll blast the rest of them.”
Over the next few days, somehow Dean and Cas continue to be the last ones awake. Sometimes, Dean suggests they go for a ride, and so he makes them coffee, despite it being night, and they put it in a big travel mug, but they only have one, so they have to share it. Dean takes them to Target and they buy two more travel mugs, because they really do need their own, plus one for Sam or Jack.
They were happy because they were with each other. Dean had just gotten Cas back. He didn’t tell him then, even after knowing what he had lost. He didn’t say it.
Dean hates this. 'Happy Fucking birthday' He thinks, and forces himself to get to work.
“Maybe some time will help you figure things out. You know what I did?” She asks, Dean looks at her with interest and she leans forward. “I bought this old school bus and filled it with all the shit I needed the most, I grabbed my girlfriend, and we just drove. For weeks. We ended up engaged. There’s no rush.” She smiles. “I don’t think at least… I don’t know you.”
“I can cook! Why would we go out when I can cook?”
“What happened to your hand?” Sam asked a few hours into their silent research party.
“Cas Im plenty selfish.”
“Probably.” Dean shrugs. They aren’t looking at each other, Dean is picking at his fingernails and Cas is staring down at the dashboard.
Sam goes to bed early with his laptop, he’s on Skype with Eileen before his bedroom door even closes, leaving Dean and Cas alone with the alcohol. Cas sips his drink while Dean gazes at him, wondering if Cas feels the effects of drinking. If he’s human yet.
Dean let’s Cas drive sometimes, and he says not to tell Sam. He also says not to tell Sam that they rotate who chooses the music, and that sometimes on Deans turn, he chooses Taylor Swift.
“Scratched myself when I dropped a picture frame.” Dean grumbles. But Sam knows the way a hand bruises after punching something. Dean did a shitty job covering it up.
John may have died to protect his sons, but that doesn’t mean he’d ever been able to protect them from the horrors of humanity. From the horrors of a father who lost his ability to love and nurture. John took his guilt to the grave, but left behind his children with shame and hatred and fear.
“What do you want?” He answers harshly, but Sam seems to hardly register that rudeness.
“How’re you feeling?”
“If you want. Probably not all the way, but… yeah.”
He looks up at Sam, who takes another sip of his drink before looking back sadly. Look at them now. This had always been their destiny, hadn’t it? From the minute Sammy was born. But really, it only started when Dean went to steal him away from college. They were alone then, and they were alone now.
“Earlier. Anger’s always my first go-to. And I was scared and- and you were dying and saying things and I’m sorry,” He stumbles over his words, “I’m trying, and I’m not angry with you. You didn’t deserve that.”
“I mean, no. That’s not-” Dean turns bright red, shaking his head. “I didn’t-” he gives up trying to find an excuse, instead stuffing his burger in his face and avoiding both of their looks.
“You take care of yourself too, alright? You’re always welcome here if you need anything.” Dean promises her. She smiles at that and Dean is glad that some people ended up with their normal happy life.
“Like I got hit by a truck. Or three.” Cas grumbles and Dean laughs, letting his hand rest in Cas’ hair. Cas smiles and Sam backs away, nodding in relief.
“I have something to live for. I figure I can’t do that if I’m a cosmic being.”
“Told you what? That I’m basically not an angel anymore.”
“What about Cas?” Sam asks. Dean looks up at the ceiling, then back at Sam.
“Right, I forgot you were a big romantic.” Sam rolls his eyes, Dean opens his mouth, but Sam talks over him, “Take him to look at the stars or something.”
“Sorry.” He whispers. Cas squints up at him in the dark and lifts the blankets for him.
Dean stares at Cas, shocked, and barely seconds have passed before Cas is pulling his arm away from Dean.
“Good. Cool, that’s good, that you’re okay.” Claire says with a laugh in her voice. “Wait, cold? I thought you couldn’t feel cold.”
Dean Winchester did not want to go out bloody and scared, but he knew what being a hunter meant. He had made peace with it.
To be fair, it’s not like Sam is really celebrating either. They had gotten back to the bunker and Sam immediately had his phone in his hand, waiting for Eileen to pick up his facetime call. They had sat down later that night with a glass of whiskey and let it sink in.
It’s not long before they’re once again in the face of danger. A demon this time, it was after Cas because of some year old grudge. When they were collecting ingredients to save Jack’s soul, they needed demon blood, and this guy's brother was the one to pay up.
He scrolls through more names and on the second ring the call goes through and Cas is met with skeptical silence.
“Me too.”
“No,” Cas smiles, putting down his book.
“I am.”
“But you didn’t have to do it alone, We woulda done something, we would’ve- I would have been there for you,” He emphasizes it with another light shove on the shoulder, readjusting his grip.
“The last of them is out, you need to do it now!” Sam says and Dean is blinking the blurriness from his eyes, trying to push himself up so he can help, but he’s dizzy, only making it a few steps toward Cas.
“Reading!”
“Never?”
“I love you too.”
On the second day, Dean almost pours out a third glass of whiskey. He stares at it for a second, before he nods, shaking his head, and he pours it into his own glass instead, smiling wistfully and ignoring Sam’s sympathetic, heartbroken eyes.
It was bitter, the way he spit it out with the blood in his mouth. “ I’m human,” he said, like it was something horrifying.
And of course that couldn’t be looked at. That couldn’t be focused on. Not with the impending apocalypse, not ever. Dean didn’t have time to deal with much else besides the gun in his hand, it’s target, and the unhealthy need to look after his brother like their father never could.
“I feel like I should be asking you that.”
“What is this?”
Dean had known he wasn’t straight for a while, but admitting it to himself took years. Sometimes he still feels the tightness of shame in his heart when he catches himself staring at a guy, even if he’s quick to tell himself that it’s okay.
Not when he could taste peanut butter and coffee and he could smell Deans cooking and the pine trees when they walked in the woods. He could never regret it when he and Dean crowded together on his bed with Dean’s s laptop on their knees and pressed play on an old movie.
“It’s a bad schedule.” He says, then he picks his head up and squints at Cas. “What’re you doing?”
They haven’t apologized, but the silent treatment is broken and Cas is ready to go less than an hour later, he doesn’t have many belongings. Sam still hasn’t said much, but he seems to get the memo that he isn’t invited. While Cas packs, Dean sits down with his brother.
“I’m gonna take that as a ‘no’. So let me get this straight… you gave up your grace, your home, all of it… you are hunted Castiel, and you did it all for one man.”
the chapters aren't related to each other
“Well then Jack is coming too. I’m not having a double date be my first date with Cas, man.”
“I doubt he’ll talk to me either.” Cas frowns.
Castiel is unconscious in his bed, bleeding out from an injury that should have healed.
“Then we won’t. We can settle down. You and me.”
Cas finds a five dollar bill in his pants pocket, and it doesn’t buy him much, but he’s able to get a burger and the lady at the counter lets him take a water bottle for free when the five dollars don’t cover it.
“Too early for life,” He grumbles, turning back over and stuffing his head into the pillow even with the light on.
Cas has nightmares now that he’s human. He knows Dean does too, but neither of them seek comfort with each other. Another line to cross. Sometimes they talk about it. Dark kitchens and cold coffee and whispered tears with shaking hands. It’s over quick and when they end up in their separate beds, it’s feels even more lonely somehow.
It rings.
“You guess?”
“I think so.”
The next few days are still tense, but not with anger. Dean seems to have realized that an emotional boundary was crossed and Cas has realized it too. Dean isn’t ignoring him anymore, for which he’s glad, and he values spending time with Dean, even if every glance sets his heart on fire.
“I would do the same for you. Hell, I’d do almost anything for you,” He swallows hard, looking away. “It terrifies me, man. It fucking terrifies me what I would do if it meant you were okay.”
“Forget that, Cas, why didn’t you tell us about the deal?”
“That’s ‘cause you were just… staring. Creepily. I don’t care if you’re sitting there. Even if you’re watching not creepily. It’s just the… intenses… eye thing…”
“He did everything… he gave up everything for us, for me. We didn’t give him shit in return.”
“I’ll be hurt either way. I’d rather not waste the time we have.” Sam sighs.
“Great.” Dean nods, he turns up the music as he pulls out, and when it’s the tape he made Cas playing, he forces down his blush along with his urge to turn it right back off. When he glances at Cas out of the corner of his eye, he’s smiling gently at Dean. Dean grins back, a smile that he never really noticed he’d reserved for Cas. But god, it feels good to smile like that again.
“Castiel has been helping me.”
They sway there for a moment, looking at each other contentedly, Cas listens to the music, but the lyrics are background noise as he focuses on Dean’s face being so close to his own. Dean is smiling softly, and Cas smiles too. After a few minutes, Dean’s hand presses on Cas’ back gently, and he moves forward, bringing them closer.
So Cas grabs Dean’s abandoned weapon and follows him out the door and down the hall. Sam is waiting impatiently against Baby when they reach the sidewalk, blood smeared across the side of his head and his shirt. Cas wishes again that he could heal him, he still has some grace left, but it’s weak and fading. He knows it’s not enough to save a life, but the Winchesters have refused even the smallest bruises to be fixed. Cas stopped healing himself ages ago, not wanting to waste grace on himself in case something happened to the Winchesters.
“Well, get in bed, you look too formal,” Dean grumbles, pulling back the blankets. Once they’re both under the covers and laying on their side, resting up on the elbows, Dean turns off one of the lamps so the lights aren’t as bright but they can still see each other well.
He wanted a life. Fuck him for wanting a life.
, Sam?”
“What the hell do you mean? Of course we’d still want you there.”
“Part two.” He grins, and he takes out the cassette player and puts in the new tape. “You busy?”
Anyway, enjoy!
Then they’re going on errands together, Dean says he needs to show Cas how they do things, show him which brand of shampoo they like and where to find the good beer. But then Dean continues to accompany Cas, just because it takes half the time with two people and when Cas finds some odd organic snack to try, Dean gets to bicker with him about it.
Protect Sam. Kill monsters. Save the world. Protect his family. Kill demons. Stop the apocalypse. Protect everyone. Kill angels. Stop Chuck.
“Dean you can’t just… you can’t pretend it’s nothing, this isn’t nothing,”
“You comfortable?” Dean asks, “want me to turn up the heat?”
“Yes, he’s in Heaven. But he’s promised to come down for Christmas.” Jack smiles and Dean makes a comment about how he better behave himself, but honestly, he’ll be happy to see Gabe again, even if he’s a pain in the ass.
‘He wanted me to live. I don’t know what he saw and I don’t know if I will ever see it myself, but he saw a good man so I’m going to be as good a man as I can. I picked up a job application yesterday. Cas, I promise, I’m going to do my best.’
He thinks for a minute, looking at Dean's face, and then he whispers a single word in enochian. He knows Dean doesn’t know the translation, but he knows what it means. From the reverence Cas said it with, the look in his eyes, it’s obvious.
“He wanted to honor you.” Sam finishes, almost in a whisper.
Maybe all the stupid thoughts Dean has in regards to Cas happen to Cas about Dean too. Of course he had heard every word of what Cas had said, he’s always known that Cas cares. But it never really sunk in.
“I want to. I thought you knew. I want… I want you to know.”
Almost a month and Dean isn’t ever going to be over Cas, but he’s able to eat burgers again without thinking of him and he can check the rearview mirror without his heart aching at the empty backseat. It’s almost easy to pretend Cas is simply away. He’s not gone. Not dead. He’s just away. But sometimes that feels worse.
All they have is each other and their stupid emotions and the fact that Cas just tried to die for Dean again.
Sam’s mouth falls open a little, but then he closes it and smiles proudly at Dean, because yes, he had known, but he didn’t think Dean would ever actually say it. Dean rolls his eyes, but if he’s honest, he feels like he’s about to explode with nerves. He nods to himself, then looks at Cas. Cas looks back at him, a small smile in place.
“My bed has memory foam.”
They sleep in dingy hotel rooms sometimes, but usually they just lay across the seats in Baby and sleep there. Then Cas convinces Dean to get a tent and they find a nice clearing in the woods and set up camp for a few days.
“We’ll find a way,”
Telling Cas he liked men would not just be coming out. It would be a confession. Dean shakes his head. It wasn’t a confession if he told his brother and Cas at the same time, right? Dean takes less than a second to decide, otherwise he’ll talk himself out of it.
I'm so sorry this is a little late, I wrote a finale fix it fic instead of editing this (it's called "Because He's Worth Everything" if you wanna read it)
“It’s all okay.” Dean whispers soothingly, his hand wrapping around Cas’. “We’re gonna be okay.”
“I’m over it. He was an ass, and a sucky father.”
“What do you mean?”
Make an exception Jack. He doesn’t fucking deserve this. This was never meant to happen. This isn’t how it was supposed to go.
“What intense eye thing?” Cas smirks, tilting his head at Dean teasingly. Dean’s face heats up and he laughs, dropping his head.
“We both had a rough time and I knew Dean was older and he… I guess I didn’t realize. And I didn’t realize what it did to him. He won’t talk to me.”
“Thank you, Sam.”
He won't go out swinging. He has a full life still ahead of him, Cas by his side, his brother down the road, his family not so far away.
“Take your time.” Cas whispers, and he lets his hand rest on Dean’s shoulder, warm and comforting, looking at Dean, and if looks could talk, his would be a confession in and of itself.
“I guess so. I just want to live…”
“I want you to know…” He starts, swallows roughly then tries again, “Everything you said about me, every wonderful thing you said you feel about me, I feel it too.”
Dean pats Cas’ cheek and the angel’s eyes open slowly blinking up at Dean.
“Why not? It doesn’t need to be a date, Dean.” Sam says, and Dean holds up his hands in surrender.
“I’m sorry,”
It may have taken him ages, but eventually, Dean was mostly comfortable with his sexuality. He could still remember the guilt of finding a guy attractive. But it became a background thought. He could forget his father and all the pain and fear he caused.
Then there’s a flash of light, which is quickly drowned out by darkness. There’s a solid warmth around him, arms wrapping around his shoulders and something coming to rest tightly against his back, pulling him against Cas’ chest. Then Cas is crouching, bringing Dean down with him, until they’re huddling against each other on the floor. It’s hard to tell exactly what’s happening before he realizes it’s Cas. His wings folding down over Dean, protecting him from the sigil, and his arms holding Dean securely against his chest. If he could find it in him to think, he might have been embarrassed.
But Dean doesn’t have a normal life. He doesn’t have a normal family. And that morning he woke up feeling just as shitth as he always does.
Dean knew what he was, and he buried it deep. The years after John's death were the years he let himself realize it was okay. He wasn’t okay. But it was okay.
“I needed…” Dean realizes he didn’t actually get what he needed. “I needed something for a spell,”
“We’re gonna talk about it Cas.”
“He loved you, you know?” Sam says, and hell. What a way to open. What a thing to say.
“Cas?” The first contact with humanity. Claire Novak.
“Sam, in the back.”
“What?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“We could.”
“It’s not my passion.”
Cas smites one quickly, moving on to fight violently with two more at once, and Dean is successful knifing down the biggest of the group and Sam takes down two in quick succession. But when Sam gets a hit to the head, going down far too quickly, Dean gives a last slash of his dagger before hurrying to his aid. Cas doesn’t get there in time, still struggling with his low grace, and things go downhill from there.
“Cas,”
And he’s standing there, trenchcoat looking new and hair as ruffled as ever. He has his wings back.
And rings.
“That was a sigil. I made it up, so I wasn’t sure if it would work. Or if it would injure you as well. Better safe than sorry.” He says and Dean only nods.
“You can do it later then, we’re working.”
“Wait, We? Do what?”
“You’ve just been different lately. I mean in a good way, you seem happier.”
Sam looks like he’s in unprecedented territory. Dean has ran off before, but this time it’s different. This time there’s no end of the world. When Dean comes back inside for the cooler, he stops, looks at Cas.
Cas takes a shower, letting the hot water rinse the dirt and blood from his body. The heat and the water pressure stings the cut on his cheek and he watches the blood swirl down the drain. He feels tense and stiff from the hunt and the shower does help, but when he gets out, he still feels sore. He puts one of the first aid creams on his cut and decides to leave it at that, and when he steps out of his room in a pair of sweatpants and a plain t-shirt, Dean is at the stove, already showered.
Dean taps his fingers on his glass in contemplation. He can’t stop thinking. He can’t get Cas out of his head.
He eats quickly and once it’s gone, he realizes how hungry he must have been. There’s nowhere left to go and all he has now is his dying phone and fifty cents. He calls Dean again. No answer.
“I’m no good at this.” Dean says finally.
“I’m glad I stayed too.”
“I never expected anything from you. I still don’t.”
Dean Winchester knew he would go out swinging. Coughing up blood or drowning in his own guts. He would go out with wild eyes and a gun in his hand, a blade through his chest or a stake in his back. He would go out messy, with adrenaline seeping out as he loses blood, eyes wide and terrified. And no one would miss him but Sam.
“No, Cas, I mean… like… not just friend feelings.” Cas moves his hand from Dean’s shoulder to the back of his neck, fingers playing with the bottom of his hair. Comforting. Willing Dean to continue. “Cas, you’re the most important person in my life, besides Sam. And I don’t know how to do this, but I want… this… with you.”
It’s easy, but Cas isn’t surprised at how easy it is to be with Dean.  They’ve fought through life and death and more death to get here. They deserve a little bit of easy.
Two weeks later, Dean and Cas are pressed together in a booth at a small diner. Jack and Sam across from them. The conversation isn’t particularly riveting, it’s mostly between Sam and Dean, but Cas has his eyes focused on Dean, as he usually does. Then Dean turns to make a comment to Cas, grinning, and his hand falls on Cas’ thigh casually, only he doesn’t move it until he has to reach across the table for the condiments, but then a few minutes later, it’s his foot. Knocking into Cas’ and Cas nudges his foot back and he thinks they’ve crossed another line.
If he doesn’t tell Cas now, he’ll have to build up the courage again tomorrow, and if he keeps putting it off, they’ll run out of time. So he turns down the music.
“You want to retire?”
Back at the hotel, they get together their arsenal, and Dean puts the location of the vamp hideout into his phone. Sam comes out of the bathroom, jacket on and ready to go, and Dean honestly doesn’t want to go into a hunt without making up with his brother. It’s a petty fight anyway.
“I am as well,” Cas nods, looking down into his alcohol. It’s still basically full, but he drinks it all in one go as if he’s taking a small sip.
The air was knocked out of him as he was slammed against the wall, knife to throat. The angel moves the blade to his cheek, carelessly swiping it across his face. The cut isn’t deep, it’s not meant to hurt him physically. It’s mocking him. He feels the sting, and he sees the blood on her regular old blade and he’s reminded again that he might as well be human now.
“Castiel… you changed me too.” He says smiling. Then he looks back down for a minute to gather his courage again. “You gave me faith when I was riding on nothing but spite. You gave me something to believe in. Not only that, man, you made me believe in myself. I’ve always… you- you saw all of who I was, everything I’ve done, and somehow you still saw the good. You’ve seen all of me, and I’m not sure how you could love me after that, but…” He shakes his head.
“I think that’s as far as we can get for tonight, we’ll leave tomorrow morning,” he says. “I’m gonna get a beer and call Eileen, mom will probably be back with the food soon.”
“You tell me, Dean. I’m not the one who started this.” Sam sighs.
John sent him in his first case, and sue him for being a little excited. Maybe it meant his dad trusted him, finally. Trusted him to take care of this himself. A real case. Even if his heart tugs at watching Sam and his dad playing with an old deck of cards while Dean packed. Maybe he wanted his dad to trust him... but more than that, he wanted his dad to want him around.
“Just, gone. Not just from the apocalypse world either. Dean… it was Chuck. I think we’re the only ones left.”
He looks up. Meg is sitting at her desk, her office door open. “You’re still here? I saw Dean Hipster heading down the stairs like fifteen minutes ago. I thought you were with him.” She pauses at the look on his face. “Tell me you didn’t fuck this up.”
He doesn’t wait for Dean to answer, just leans forward and presses his lips to Dean’s. Dean doesn’t react at first, but slowly his lips part. Cas doesn’t do anything other than kiss him, hands cradling Dean’s face. Kissing needs his full attention, what with the way Dean smells and tastes, and Cas’s need to reassure him, to show Dean that he’s serious.
Cas, spreading jam on his toast, says ‘“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah, sure.” Dean pulls out his earbuds and scoots up to a sitting position, making room for Cas to sit on the bed next to him.
Dean isn’t sure how long he lies on the floor waiting for the pain and nausea to subside. Eventually, he sits up and grabs his watch off the desk. He can’t be sure but it seems like the whole insurgent attack has taken less than forty-five minutes. Three quarters of an hour ago, Dean was lying with Cas, basking in the afterglow. He puts those thoughts out of his head. The pain of them is surprisingly sharp.
clearly, leaning forward and softly, so softly, touching Cas’s lips with his. Pressing harder, losing himself in the kiss. With difficulty he tears his eyes away from Cas’s plush lips.
“Thank you.” Cas’s voice is shaky. She smiles at him and then gets up and heads back into the restaurant as Cas is unfolding the map.
Cas turns so he’s facing Dean.“From the moment I ran out on you, I regretted it. I couldn’t think about anything else but you. I stopped thinking about Michael. I stopped thinking about pretty much anything that wasn’t you. I replayed that night in my head a thousand times. I kicked myself for leaving without learning your name or asking for your number.” Cas lifts his eyes from where they’ve been focused slightly west of Dean’s shoulder, and looks him in the eyes. “And then I found you again.”
“And then we kissed, and everything came rushing back. I wanted you so much. I couldn’t wait to leave the office, take you out. Take you home. And then Michael showed up. And I’m glad.”
“I met Issa and Youssef at a vaccination clinic. Two of Issa’s cousins had been kidnapped from a village in the north. Youssef realized that I could be useful. I could travel around. Ask questions.” He stops and takes a drink. “That’s what I was doing in Albert’s in Abéché. Talking to some Canadian roughnecks who had seen jeeps carrying militants and young girls near the oilfields. I was looking for intel, but one of them got the wrong impression of why I was asking. Didn’t like my interest in the insurgents, thought I was on their side.” Cas smiles, “And there you were, butting in, trying to help where you weren’t wanted.”
“Get down!” Cas’s voice is a commanding whisper. Bent over, they reach the other side of the open space and gain the safety of the rock columns again. Two more gunshots sound, and Dean can feel the small shards of rock rain down on him when a bullet hits the column above his head. Dean stops, stunned by disbelief, and Cas drags him around another stone pillar and pushes him into a sitting position. Cas stands and pulls the gun from his pocket. He peers around the column, back in the direction the bullets came from.
Shots ring out from the ridge. Youssef sprints off towards the tent that the girls and Meg are in. Mashaya grabs the rifle from the man holding Dean and fires at the soldiers, backing away towards the shelter of the vehicles. Dean runs as best he can and ducks behind one of the Land Cruisers, away from the shooting. He can see soldiers coming down the split in the rock of the back wall, five or six of them, their boots starting miniature avalanches of dust and pebbles. The ones already at ground level are using the tents and fuel oil barrels for cover and shooting at the insurgents.One of the card players goes down, clutching his shoulder. A fusillade of small-arms fire makes Dean duck further down. He feels a strong sense of deja vu like he’s back in the labyrinth. If he makes it out of this, he’s gonna buy Victor an apology bottle of scotch.
And then it moves.
“Boko Haram.”
Before it can get any more awkward, people are dropping into the other seats at the table. The blond man, Gabe; a dark-haired woman in her early thirties; and a man about a decade older.
Dean drops the subject, too buzzed from the beer to think the implications through anyway.
“Is that better?”
Dean leans his head back against the faux rock and closes his eyes, reveling in the hot water and cold beer. He could get used to this. The water surges and he opens his eyes to see the gaggle of teenagers climb out, leaving only the two couples and him and Cas in the pool. Cas is beside him, and he can feel their arms brush when Dean picks up his beer for a sip. He’s quite content to sit there without speaking, eyes closed, listening to the casual chat going on around him.
“Cas?” his tone is incredulous. “What? What are you doing here?”
Cas is still looking at the instructions. “I know. Do you think we need to attach the headboard to the wall?”
There’s the sound of glass breaking, and a shout of pain. Dean looks down the street. He can’t see anything from here. The voices are carrying some distance through the night air. He rolls his eyes, apologises silently to Victor, and goes out through the gate.
“Are you going to open it sometime this year?” he says. “I picked up the mail yesterday and you’ve been staring at it pretty much nonstop since then.”
“Oh that's not suspicious
Back at the tundra buggy headquarters, Cas stops to say goodbye to his new friends They’re staying at the hotel just a block away, so Cas walks them home through the frozen stillness, not quite ready to say goodnight. They wish each other Happy New Year before Cas heads over towards the street where his Airbnb is. He’s ready for some hot chocolate, or maybe some wine. He wraps his scarf more tightly around his neck and sets off for his temporary home.
Dean swallows the last of the sparkling wine in his glass. “So she’s homesick?”
There’s no way he can do anything to help Meg right now, he’s unarmed and limping, and there are too many armed men where Gabriel and the rest of the medical staff are corralled. Dean turns and makes his way down the passage where he saw the man who looked like Youssef and the other man carrying boxes from the mess tent. He’s going to find them and determine if it is Youssef or not. The implications of a member of Field Security International being part of the Boko Haram are pretty frightening.
“His name is Dean Winchester. You wouldn’t happen to know him, or where he lives, would you?” From the corner of his eye he sees the blonde girl turn and look at him.
Hysteria bubbles up in his chest and for some reason, he passes his last few seconds on Earth not running for his life, but imagining the headlines; ‘Tourist eaten by polar bear.’ Adrenaline is pumping through him so hard he feels like his chest is going to explode.
Armed with a thick china mug, Cas turns and surveys the table blearily. “What’s going on?”
“I hate to do this to you, but I could really use your help.” Dean grimaces. “I know you’re here as a guest to celebrate with Jess, but we have a situation. In the kitchen.”
Dean turns to tell Bobby that he’s had enough, he doesn’t want to linger here, but the cyclone winds rise again.
Cas sighs, and continues, seemingly resigned to the interrogation. “Youssef needed to let me know that all the girls were being moved in the next two days from different locations to one camp, and he’d try to get me the information to pass on to his commanding officer. He couldn’t be seen with me, and he couldn’t risk you seeing him talking to me, so he sent Issa to the Bucket with the message.”
He doesn’t stop thinking about Dean, though. His nights are still hard, sleep elusive, and he’s haunted by the sense memories of holding Dean in his arms, but his days are easier as he disciplines himself to pay attention to his work, his friends, his cat.
He stands there, hands in the pockets of his light jacket, and waits. The car pulls up and parks, catching Dean in the headlights. The engine shuts off and Cas slowly gets out and stands, the open door in front of him like a shield. He’s wearing his trench coat over a hoodie and jeans. Snow spirals down and lands in his hair.
“Are they confined to the tent?” Dean asks.
Dean’s about to argue, but he takes a look at Cas, pale and pinched-looking now in the dim light provided by the moon, and sighs. Why not? He’ll rack up some karma points and maybe see if the attraction he feels to this asshole is still there in the morning. He guides him back to the auberge.
“Who are you?” Mashaya asks in English.
“Fuck,“ he exclaims, spitting out sand, “What the hell was that?” He tries to get his knees under him to get to his feet, but his left leg is not cooperating. It’s numb.
“So, what am I looking for to see if you’ve got a concussion?”
“What are you here to show me, Bobby?”
One story, passed on from generation to generation, is that
"Fuck off." Dean turtles back into the sleeping bag. “The sun isn’t even up yet.”
“Which one is your grandfather?”
Christina undresses quickly and climbs under the duvet she won from Phil one unprecedentedly lucky night at poker. She thinks about Dean’s smile when he caught sight of Cas, and the way Cas’s shoulders relaxed as he climbed the porch steps. She thinks about how for the first time since she arrived at Chitaqua, she called her cabin “home.”
Slowly he begins to pull himself out of his depression. Meg helps, dragging him out to movies; and Claire, the grad student who’s working with him on the ore models as part of her thesis invites him for dinner with her and and a couple of other grad students, and he has a better time than he expects. Cold, snowy February gives way to grey, damp March. It’s still cold, hovering just around freezing, but most of the snow is gone and Toronto is a city in shades of grey and brown. Cas feels as monochromatic as his surroundings, his nights out with Meg and Claire the only bursts of colour in his life.
He sends up a silent prayer of thanks and scoops it from where it ended up, half off the path. A cry from Cas galvanizes him and he runs into the gardens. Cas is on his back, the shojo over him. She looks over her shoulder and waves a talon-tipped hand towards him and Dean finds himself airborne, thrown by an invisible force across the open gardens and into the hard trunk of a eucalyptus tree. He sees stars, but manages to keep hold of the sword.
Cas drinks his wine and broods. Jessica is dancing again, this time with a really tall man with longish brown hair. He’s also in a black tux with a rose in the lapel. Must be a groomsman, Cas thinks. He turns to Gabe. “I have to go to the restroom. Stay here. Don’t move until I get back.” Gabe raises his glass in assent.
“Yeah, well, tell that to the parents of two dead kids. I don’t believe in luck. Good or bad.”
“Winchester,” Dean finishes. Meg’s eyebrows nearly disappear into her hair.
She sits back down. The crowd is eclectic, maybe fifty people, some dressed casually, others to the nines in sparkles and satin, and a hum of conversation resumes.
Dean bent over, shaking with laughter at the outrage on Cas’s face. Cas looked murderously back, grabbing the hem at the back of his jacket, pulling it away from his body and shaking it to dislodge the snow.
“Ugh, I hate this.” Dean grabs a pillow and mashes it down over his head. The frog calls are muffled, a bit, but there’s no way he’s getting back to sleep. “There’s nothing I can shoot to make it stop,” he says petulantly through a layer of memory foam.
“What’s going on? Was that a squirrel?” Sam looks like he’s itching to jump up on the recliner and gather his skirts.
Meg boosts her butt up to sit on Cas’s desk next to his pile of exam papers, swinging her legs. “I’d love to be able to catch him at it. Get him fired.” Her eyes wander over Cas’s desk, landing on the still-open laptop, browser open to the northern lights video. This distracts her from her tirade. “Are you still looking at those? Cas. Do it. Go up to Churchill, or the Yukon. Go see them.” She looks at him.
The shojo whirls around, eyes flashing. Dean rolls over, but before he can regain his feet, she’s  on him, her talons carving parallel lines through his jacket and the skin underneath.
Dean stands up, tugging Cas by the hand down the hallway to his bedroom. They make it halfway. Dean pushes Cas up against the wall, causing him to let out a groan. He can feel Dean’s mouth twist up into a satisfied smile as he continues kissing him. Cas retaliates by tugging at Dean’s hair, pulling his head away and giving them both a chance to breathe. Dean obliges, letting his head fall back and exposing his neck so Cas can kiss and bite along the skin there. He’s living for the ragged breaths Dean’s gasping out and the way he presses himself harder into Cas as if any space between them is too much space.
“He came to tell me he wanted me back.”
is what’s going to sweep away the fear and the pain and the uncertainty of the last two days. Dean moans into Cas’s mouth as Cas moves his hand, stroking firmly. He rolls his head back against the pillow as Cas trails kisses down his neck, biting gently at the tendon there. He licks along Dean’s collarbone and down across his chest. Dean can't help but close his eyes. Finally feeling something other than pain in his leg, he focuses all his attention on Cas’s lips and tongue and hand, his hips rolling with the movement.
Dean smiles at that and immediately seems a lot less intimidating. “Want a beer? It’s not much of a New Year’s Eve party, but I have beer and cheese, and Deadwood on dvd. And whiskey.”
After the dishcloths arrive, Dean shifts into overdrive, Googling grocery stores/Italian grocery stores/groceterias in Charlotte, cross-referencing with the name Sal, calling other hunters who might know Charlotte well enough to pinpoint the place. He has a list of thirteen possibles when Sam talks him out of hitting the road for North Carolina. A flurry of livestock mutilations around Las Cruces, New Mexico needs checking out. Dean grudgingly agrees and it takes them a week to kill the chupacabra, a week Sam also spends convincing Dean to leave Cas be.
. Elation fills him. He knows now that Michael is behind him. That he’s really over him. Michael showing up was actually a gift. Now he can explore what he feels for Dean without the weight of wondering what his feelings for Michael are. He can’t wait for Dean to come back. He wants to keep Dean by his side and he's going to start by asking him out for dinner.
“Well first of all, I haven’t seen the movie, so I couldn’t tell you. And second,” he says, pointing at her with his toast,  “I think
Despite the painkillers, his leg is hurting again. There’s a bench next to the door, for the guard, he figures, and they sit there watching the camp. The soldiers are helping themselves to a noon meal the older woman has laid out on a makeshift table beside the cooking tent. Catching sight of them, Issa fills two plates and and brings them over on a tray to where Dean and Meg are sitting. Meg takes her plate with a smile of thanks.
“I need to talk to some people at the prefecture tomorrow morning before we head out.” Victor says. “I want to get the latest news on what the activity is in the area before we go out to the lease block.”
Cas is back at work the first Thursday of January. Walking into his office and hanging his coat on the coat rack as usual should signal that things are back to normal. He’s back at his desk, he’s teaching first-years, he’s meeting with the two grad students he’s advising, he’s having coffee with Meg. On the surface things are as they were. But underneath, oh underneath, things are very much Not As They Were.
Sam nods, satisfied, and they head into the building, showing the tickets that he bought on his phone as they drove west from Kansas.
“Crocodiles.”
“Viens avec moi,’ the man says.
“Charlie? How’d you get in here? Place is warded to shit.” He opens his eyes. Charlie’s still there.
The adrenaline is pumping now. Cas pulls Dean through one more passageway and suddenly they’re in a more open part of the maze. The light is getting hazy, taking on a dark gold hue as the sun drops towards a line of jagged hills to the west of the labyrinth. Dean wonders what will  happen if they’re still in the maze come nightfall. He doesn’t have much time to worry about it because a man appears behind them at another of the passageways that opens up onto the  sandy area Dean and Cas are crossing. He’s in fatigue pants and a dark sweater. He stops and shouts something over his shoulder in Arabic.
“We need a Phillips screwdriver and a hammer,” Cas says, “and an area rug.”
Dean opens his mouth to answer, but before he can, Gabe speaks.
run away? I’m pretty sure
Dean starts to shiver in the bitter wind as they cross the last feet of open snow, walking in their outgoing footprints.
Dean sighs, but throws the blankets back and gets out of bed. They recover their clothes from where they’d been tossed and get dressed.
“You know who I am.”
“I didn’t need you being concerned with my personal safety at Albert’s. And I can handle myself here just fine, thanks.” His eyes are as blue as Dean remembers. And just as angry.
“Why was he here?” he asks sharply. Dean is taken aback. It’s none of Youssef’s business anyway.
“See? It’s working already,” Dean says.
Dean takes a sip of beer and then peels at the label. “I thought you were with them. I thought you and Youssef were collaborating with Boko Haram.”
Dean grimaces.
Sam looks heavenward. “Because, Dean, having those symbols reversed, it changes the outcome of the spell.” He flips a few pages and then stops and reads for a minute. “In the configuration you drew, it’s not a banishing spell, it’s a fertility spell, you know, like ‘be fruitful and multiply.” A sound of something glass breaking in the kitchen drifts out the door to where they are standing. Sam claps the book shut. “THIS IS WHY WE DON’T CAST SPELLS WHILE DRINKING.”
The flight to Churchill is a bumpy one. More than once Cas thinks about the man a few rows ahead and hopes that he’s not too stressed. He spends the time working on his laptop, and composing an answer an email from his mother, who’s still reacting passive-aggressively to Cas’s decision to skip going home and spending Christmas in Toronto instead. When they reach Churchill, it’s already dark; the winter sun sets early this far north. Again they make the trek across the cold tarmac to the warmth of the airport. Cas cranes his neck to see if he can catch sight of the man once they’re inside, but he’s nowhere to be seen.
He’s having trouble sleeping. He thinks of Cas constantly: bed-headed and monosyllabic, hunched over his morning coffee; curled up on the other end of the couch reading while Dean watches TV; blue eyes catching his in the rear-view mirror on long drives. A bottle of Jack takes up residence on Dean’s bedside table. He dreams of running through a dark and empty house searching for someone. For Cas, he realizes. It occurs to him slowly that it’s his heart that’s hurting at Cas’s absence.
“And this matters why?”
Dean reaches up and kisses Cas. It’s soft and quick, but it holds the promise of heat. “Well, if you really feel bad about my leg, you could always kiss it better.”
She picks at her blueberry muffin as she follows the pathway worn through the snow, past Dean and Cas’s cabin, where she’d stood in the kitchen an hour before dawn while Kyle gave their patrol report to Cas, Dean presumably being the unmoving lump under blankets on the couch.
If this were a movie, this is the moment when the music would start up, Cas thinks. A stray sunbeam or well-placed spotlight would illuminate this Greek god as the camera zoomed in on broad shoulders; light brown hair, thick and plush and barely tamed; beautiful eyes scrunched up as he laughs at something Gabe is saying; a
“Hello, Castiel.” Michael looks unforgivably well, the separation hasn’t been giving him sleepless nights, if looks are anything to go by. His dark hair longer than Cas remembers and he’s wearing a cashmere coat over a tailored navy suit, softened by a pale blue shirt and lavender tie. Elegant as always.
Victor laughs. “You’ll get a chance to look around when we get to Faya-Largeau. But adventure? Be careful what you wish for.”
Sam steps in, peacemaker as always. “It’s okay, we can fix this. We can just recast the spell with the sigils the right way. That should banish all the squirrels.”
“Yeah, I do.” She sits back, considering. “Why are you looking for him? You’re not a cop or anything, are you?”
The squirrel had moved in a week or so ago. Grey and chubby, it has a sleek coat and a notched ear, and the beadiest black eyes Dean has seen outside of a demon. The first time Dean got close to the beast, he’d whispered
A snowball hit Dean on the side of the head.
He hobbles down the row of tents, ignoring the pain in his leg as best he can. There are armed men coming out of the supply tent, carrying boxes. They’re in fatigues, but not actual army uniforms.
Cas looks around at the room. Bloated businessmen and their jewel-bedecked wives stand in knots all around the ballroom. A string quartet in tuxedos plays something tasteful yet bland in the corner. There are orchids in the centrepieces on the snowy white tablecloths of the all the tables in the marble-floored room. Naomi Novak, CEO of Novak Pharmaceuticals, and now in the race for mayor, has spared no expense for this fundraiser. Gabe sighs as the woman herself catches sight of them and starts across the ballroom, smiling dangerously.
“Oh, it is
“Bear bangers. Loud bangs, like gunshots.”
“Okay. So is that why you’ve been dragging yourself around work like a kicked puppy? You’re beating yourself up for emotionally cheating on Michael?”
Dean stops himself before he says it out loud.
“Huh. And did he feel the same way about it?”
“Why’s the water black?”
“Yeah it is.”
“Nope, time is of the essence. And what this lacks in oaky aftertaste and notes of cedar, it makes up for in speed.” Dean leans forward and tips the bottom of the flask up so the neck meets Cas’s lips again. “Look, we have a real tight window of opportunity. Cocktails at seven, dinner at eight. An hour isn’t going to be enough for people to get really blitzed, and then dinner will slow them down too. So we need to be wasted enough to see the shojo and gank her before anyone else either sees her and panics, or gets gutted.”
“That hot sauce?” Dean asks, pretending he wasn’t just reliving all their recent greatest hits.
They drive for a few hours, crossing the erg and weaving around the dunes. Eventually, the jeep bumps onto stony ground that’s tangerine in the early morning light. They pass twisted, wind-scoured red sandstone formations that wouldn’t look out of place in one of those old coyote and roadrunner cartoons. Up ahead, a dark line on the horizon is becoming more distinct, and the sun streams over the jeep, casting a strange elongated shadow that races across the desert beside them.
? Did you just call me babe?”
“I’m Dean. Dean Winchester. What’s MSF?”
Dean remembers something from the night in Faya-Largeau. “You never did tell me the story of why you were wearing a suit and a freaking trench coat in Abéché. You said something about it being a good luck charm.”
“I know.”
“Jack?” Cas says aloud, looking upward. “Can-can you- he didn’t deserve-” But he’s not even sure how to ask. “Please?” he says and Sam is crying so Cas whispers, not wanting to cause him more pain with his own grief.
“I trust you Sammy.” Dean says, and Sam gives him a smile like a kid who just got a new puppy.
Dean nods, Cas Can see the hesitation and the fear and the hope and guilt and... everything. He can feel the way Dean has been ripped apart countless times, every day since he was four years old. Cas feels like he’s been torn apart as well. They can smooth over their scars together, heaven and hell know they themselves have been the reason for some of them.
Sam looks at Cas, who watches back and forth between them, attempting to stay out of their argument. But it’s true, he never gets the front seat unless it’s just him and Dean. It would be nice to get to ride shotgun over Sam for once, even if it was for the sake of an argument.
“It’s just- it’s not a big deal. I don’t really… It’s not important.”
They drive in silence, Dean can’t think about anything but Cas, but thinking about him is just as bad. He can’t let himself hope until he has Cas in front of him.
It took him far too long to come to terms with his sexuality. Still, he catches himself with a tight grip in his heart, even as he smiles and reminds himself silently that it’s alright. He tells himself he doesn’t reach for Cas’ hand because he fears rejection, not because he fears what it would mean he is. But he knows how Cas feels, even if he doubts himself, even if he isn’t sure he’s right, even if neither of them have ever acknowledged it in full. And he knows what he is, even if he’s never let himself think about it.
“I deserve this.” It comes out sounding unsure, so he repeats it. “We deserve this.” It sounds more confident, but not any less scared.
“No I couldn’t.”
Maybe it was Jack’s fault, maybe he wasn’t ready to be a god.
“Yes, you. Are you coming?”
Dean nods. He’s thinking of Cas’ hand on his knee, his drunken voice whispering to him even though no one else is around. He’s thinking of his own hands on Cas’ cheek, blaming the cold mountain air and the beer he just gulped down. He thinks of Cas fast asleep against the window. Waking up covered in Cas’ trenchcoat because it got cold in the night and Cas was already wearing a sweater. Dean’s sweater. He’s thinking about laughing uncontrollably in a waffle joint, and buying each other souvenirs in gas stations in the middle of nowhere. He’s thinking about Cas, looking at him like he always has. They haven’t said it yet. But It could be love. Dean thinks…
“I am,”
“Alright,” Sam holds his hands up in surrender, smiling, and then he manages to shove his tall-ass self into the backseat. “I’m gonna call Jody, tell her the good news.”
“You- wait, what?”
“Cas I swear to-”
“With Cas?”
“I’m in love with you too, Dean. I thought you knew that.”
The hunt was tiring, so Sam and Eileen go right to sleep, Jack takes over the Dean-cave and Dean lets him. He isn’t ready to go to bed, so he gets his jacket and goes outside.
They drive out to random clearings and pull off the side of the road to just sit in the car and look at the sky and talk. Not about what they are to each other, never about that. Most of their conversations are lighthearted and full of inside jokes and childhood stories and complaining about the guy who took the last box of cereal at the grocery store.
But it doesn’t feel like anything without Cas there.
“I told him.”
“Realistically, no.” Cas shrugs.
“Sam! Yeah, it’s me!”
“Sammy.” Dean closes his eyes. “Cas… He was it for me. He had been for a long time.”
~ Happiness, Taylor Swift
“Hello, Dean.”
“I’m not getting down on myself. I’m complimenting you, shut up.”
“Dean, of course you deserve this.”
He sees it in every memory he has with Cas. It’s obvious, and looking back, he knows that everyone else had known it too. Had he been just as obvious as Cas? Was that why everyone was always fed up with them?
Cas thinks maybe they’ve both had half a drink too many, they aren’t drunk, but it’s enough to get those words out of Dean’s mouth. Either way, Cas’ eyes burn and he blinks but Dean’s face blurs anyway. He blinks harder, not wanting to let him out of his sight. The lights are dim and they're both a little beat up, but Dean is beautiful. He always has been.
Cas tries Sam next, but he doesn’t pick up either. He doesn’t worry.
“Cas is taking the front this time, Sam, you’re in the back.”
And things didn’t change for a while, not really, even when everything was different… ultimately his goals were the same.
“Cas, I-“
“I figured you had probably listened to everything on the last tape, this one has a little more variety.”
“Family dinner sounds nice to me.”
Another moment passes with them simply looking at each other. Cas feels open, his soul ready to be bared. Not completely, never completely, he learned that from Dean, but Cas knows who he is. He’s an angel, even when he’s human. He’s moved mountains and rebuilt the world. He’s fought unimaginable evils. He is a warrior, a leader, albeit a bad one at times, he is strong, and his love for Dean only strengthens him. But tonight he feels brittle. Tonight, he looks at Dean and aches for comfort, aches to feel loved as strongly as he loves. He had been able to push it away as an angel, he felt it, but he could control his reactions to it. As a human, his heart never stopped stuttering out of his control, his face flushed, his grin uncontained.
Cas nods thoughtfully. “I guess so.”
A hot shower is exactly what he needs. He turns the water on hot and stands under it until his skin is red with the heat. And he thinks… he thinks about their last case and what Sam must think of him now and he thinks about the next case. His thoughts wander to Cas, who’s been in and out of the bunker inconsistently over the past few months.
“I can't just… say it. It has to be… I have to…”
“Doctor’s gonna be in soon, I brought breakfast for after since hospital food is shitty.”
They get pictures of Jody and Donna and Cas is convinced they’re dating. Dean doesn’t see it at first, but then Claire sends a picture of the two of them watching a movie together and Dean thinks they work well together. They get updates on the girls. Claire and Kaia, Patience, Alex and her boyfriend. Jack drops into the bunker with Sam and Eileen and they send a family selfie and Dean texts back that he misses them in all caps and things feel like they should.
This life was worth something, wasn’t it? Dean Winchester lived for something, didn’t he? He lived to protect, to save, to love. He lived for Sam, he lived for Charlie and Claire and Jack, and Cas.
“I’m not angry.” Sam sighs. “I’m just... I’m not going to stop this just because you’re worried for us. Eileen is strong. We both are. And we know the risks.”
“No.” Dean swallows hard.
“Sam says we’re the only ones left.”
So Dean carves ‘CASTIEL’ into the table next to the rest of them. He’s always been family, about time they made it official.
“I would’ve loved you for a lifetime.” Dean says, still forceful, although the words are gentler this time. “Leave it all behind,”
Dean swallows thickly, trying to help Castiel stay steady on his feet, but Cas only looks away and stumbles off toward the impala on his own.
“It is.” Dean adjusts his palm in Cas’. “Dad would probably have a fit to see me dancing with you,”
“I won’t. I’ve got Eileen.” Sam smiles. “Keep me updated. You’re road tripping, not dropping off the face of the Earth. I expect pictures.”
“Jack!” Dean grins. “Good to see you, kid.”
“Dean?”
They aren’t talking, just taking slow sips of liquor and reflecting, whether they’re sitting in grief or rejoice is hard to tell. Dean can’t stop his mind from playing over Cas’ speech. He thinks of every interaction he can remember, trying to find a hint, any sign that Cas had felt this way. Trying to make sense of the confession. Trying to convince himself that he didn’t mean it like that. He had been right all along, he never had a chance. But he did have a chance.
“Dean, he’s Cas. He drinks coffee and watches bad movies with you and doesn’t know how to tie a tie the right way.” Dean’s grip tightens on the steering wheel. “He looks at you, he always has.”
“Yes. It is. But I don’t blame you.”
Cas doesn’t know whether he wants to leave Dean’s room and never look back at it, too overwhelmed with the fact that Dean Winchester isn’t coming home this time. Or if he wants to stay here forever, reminding himself over and over that Dean Winchester was once alive and the world is better for it.
“He started sleeping there when you were gone.” Sam says, as if that would explain why he had put Dean’s dead body in Cas’ bed.
“You’re everywhere Cas.” Dean says, and Cas doesn’t have the energy to try to understand what he means. It sounds an awful lot like a complaint, but Dean wasn’t complaining about Cas. Not really.
“Thank, Sammy.”
“Is he okay?” Sam’s voice asks. There are fingers on his neck, checking for a pulse.
“Of course, Cas.” Dean rolls his eyes and pulls his friend into a hug. “You keep us updated alright? We’re in this together, you dick.”
The song comes to an end, and Cas can feel Dean’s heart beat stuttering, the next song is a bit faster, but still kind of soft, and Dean pulls away for a moment to spin hem both and they’re both laughing, this time when he pulls him close again, they’re chest to chest, grinning.
“Good,” Cas says. Dean is looking at Cas like he’s not convinced he’s real, he moves his hand from Cas’ face to the back of his neck.
“We want you here, Cas. Wings or no wings. Because you’re Cas. Not because you’re an angel.” Dean says, pointing the spatula at Cas. “Got it?”
There are 8 vampires and only three Winchesters. Dean thinks he should have let Jack gone with them, even if he was a little rusty. The kid was still recovering from getting his soul back, but he’s powerful, even when he’s weak.
“I thought you just didn't want to stay.” Dean whispers, hesitant. Cas’ hand finds his, squeezing gently. If Dean were to look up from their joined hands and into Cas’ eyes, he would see the guilt and desperation and love Cas holds for him. But he keeps his eyes cast downward at Cas’ hand rubbing soothing circles over his knuckles.
“In a minute,”
“Maybe we should both answer then.”
“Because we never go out?”
“Did it get them all?”
“Wouldn’t it be easier to just stay? Spend the night for once.”
It’s a sweet moment. Dean’s worries for his friend fading with every breath Cas takes. Smiling at each other, and feeling at peace. They’ve always stared at each other, haven’t they? But it feels odd to do it so openly. Dean wonders if Cas knows how Dean feels. He wonders if Cas feels the same. There’s no way a straight man would hold another man's hand like this. But Cas is strange, maybe he’s an exception. Dean almost wants to find an excuse for himself, the thought of being comfortable in his sexuality seems daunting. But Cas’ eyes are kind and caring and Dean has been working on this. He has. He’s not going to turn his ass back into the closet as soon as the option of being out presents itself.
He’s no longer Castiel, angel of the lord, but he hadn’t been that for years. Not really.
“Or we could… settle down.”
“Fone.” Dean nods. “No deals, no dying, just... living. Finally, now that we get the chance.”
“So you’re leaving?” Sam asks, Dean looks at his brother and shakes his head.
“I’m sorry,”
His voice is wrecked. He hasn’t peeled himself from under these covers and he knows he feels the worst he’s ever felt, but he’s making a promise to Dean.
“Cas?”
“I’ll check on Sam,” Jack says, taking his cereal with him when he disappears. Dean hardly notices though because Cas isn’t in the empty. He’s okay.
“Well we tried!” Dean shouts, “And look where that got us!” He motions towards the bedroom. Sam looks at Dean with pity and it makes Dean feel nauseous.
“Why not? We never do that. I could call Eileen, we could all go out together.”
A blast of cold air hit him and he shivered. If Castiel was in control, this weather wouldn’t have bothered Jimmy in the slightest, but it was just him and he was human. He was standing in the middle of a snowdrift and the events caught up to him and Jimmy Novak doubled over in laughter. He had just shoved an angel into a metaphorical closet in the back of his mind so he could literally force him out of the closet.
Caught in the act again. Cas cursed silently as he dropped the pen, turning to face Dean. Their gazes locked like they always did before Dean looked away, his ears turning pink.
Sam nodded. “Certain.”
“Where were you?” Dean asked as he finally let go.
“What you—what happened,” Dean wouldn’t meet his gaze. “With, y’know. Jimmy taking control and y’know…” he trailed off.
Dean slept in the bed closest to the bathroom, his back turned to Cas, his chest rising and falling with every breath. Cas watched him in the darkness, sitting on his own bed, comforted by the steady breathing. He couldn’t help but stare. If Dean were awake, Cas wouldn’t have dared to do this. But Dean, asleep, his face a mask of peacefulness, his lips slightly parted as he breathed, looking so calm and beautiful, couldn’t tell him not to.
“We should…” Dean cleared his throat. “Get back to it.” Cas could hear the hidden part to those words, what Dean didn’t want to say aloud. Dean didn’t want to think about it. The knowledge dug into Cas’ heart. He merely saw Cas as a friend and nothing more. Dean was a human after all, and he liked girls. Cas, well, he was neither of those.
Cas breathed out a quiet sigh, the sound echoing through his cell. Four days. That was how long he had been here, four days since he had seen the world outside. He still remembered the feeling of wind on his face, the brilliant blue of the sky stretching above him, wonders, human wonders, the first he had ever experienced. Then, the gray had swallowed him up with chains and captivity.
He had seen the destruction of universes, of worlds other than his own. The trembling, the low cries, the fear of death. He had seen the first human emerge from the cave, seen the first glimpse of the orange tongues of fire licking at the grays of the stone. He had experienced life, death, and beyond.
Cas shook his head, pushing the voice from his mind. He was on Earth, he wasn’t in Heaven. He was next to Dean and he was safe. Cas closed his eyes, listening to the low sound of Dean’s voice as he talked about the plans for the next hunt. It was comforting as it grounded him, keeping him centered. He was on Earth. He was with Dean.
“Just leave me alone,” Cas whispered. And Dean did.
“It’s not your fault,” Cas answered automatically.
“No,” Anna shoved her way forward. “Naomi, please—”
He was tired of hiding, tired of fighting. Cas had tried, he had tried to stand up for what was right, but he had failed, time and time again. It was his fault, so he might as well pay the price for it. He could take the pain, take the torture, and embarrassment at the hands of a human. What he couldn’t take was the confusion.
Before Cas could move away, Dean’s arms wrapped around him, pulling him tight. Reflexively, he closed his eyes, his body tensing, but Dean didn’t seem to notice. The thoughts spilled into his mind again,
Jimmy said after a moment, feeling a burst of confidence. Because, to hell with it, right? Castiel was either going to hate or thank him after this, so he might as well go all out. Castiel, probably wisely, didn’t respond.
Sam shook his head. “No, listen, Cas,” he said. “It’s fine. You need to stay here and rest.”
“I know,” Dean answered at last, his voice rough. “He kind of gave it away at the end.”
“You need to get out of here,” Sam looked worried. Cas felt a hand grip his arm, but he pushed Sam away.
“It’s dangerous,” she warned. “It’s no place for angels like us.”
Jimmy replied.
“He’s still our brother,” Anna pleaded. “We can try to reason with him. Cas, you will die.”
“No, you’re not,” Dean reproached. “Give me a second. If you can find something sharp around here, I might be able to—”
Naomi stared at him before realization dawned in her eyes. “No—” she shouted.
The vampires were easy enough to defeat. Only two sat there, guarding the nest. Their disfigured real faces swam beneath the human facade, but Cas could see through them as he let his powers engulf them, burning the creatures out. He kicked open the door, Sam hard on his heels as they headed through the warehouse.
“Of course he was lying,” Cas snapped, perhaps a bit too harshly because Dean flinched. “I—I’m going to leave.”
He wasn’t quite sure what he was doing, but he headed toward the table where the complimentary pen and paper were lying. Maybe he’d go out for a while, maybe a bit longer than a while. Cas picked up the pen, the tip hovering over the paper as he tried to figure out what he wanted to say.
Cas gritted his teeth, forcing through the pain.  “It’s fine, let me.”
“So, do you?” Sam asked.
Cas paid him no heed. He had to get to Dean, had to make sure that he was alright. He heard Sam yelling a warning, but Cas ignored him as he crashed through the door at the end, stumbling forward through the wreckage.
The air conditioning of the motel spit frosty breaths of air into the already chilled room whenever the temperature dared to dip below 70. Light spilled in from the bathroom and Cas leaned against the bed, hearing Dean humming to himself. He didn’t know what to do around Dean, couldn’t meet his eyes. He could barely even hold a conversation for more than five minutes with Dean anymore.
“Thanks,” he said, reaching out a hand to steady Cas.
“Cas—” Dean didn’t seem to know how to respond. “What—” he pressed his lips together. “I—I—”
“I know.” Cas managed to say, his tongue dry in his mouth.
No, that couldn’t be right. “What do you mean?” Cas asked again, for the millionth time. “Dean was captured?”
“I’m scared,” Cas confessed, his face hidden. “Because I didn’t have control over it. I’m just so weak lately. Everyone keeps using me, taking advantage of me. I keep hurting you.”
How did humans do this? Feelings, emotions, nuances, it was all so complicated. Each was a tidal wave after another crashing onto him, sweeping him away, dragging him off balance and by the time Cas managed to find his footing, another would come.
No, he couldn’t be near Dean right now. What if he lost control, what if he hurt Dean again. The images burst into his mind, tearing through the fragile dam he had built. Dean’s eyes open and wide, staring at the sky. His blood on Cas’ hands, flaking and scarlet, sticky and warm as it stuck to his skin and under his fingernails, always staying there, no matter how much Cas scrubbed. What if he hurt Dean, what if he hurt Dean, what if he…
Something was wrong. That was evident immediately. Cas felt light headed, a feeling he had rarely experienced, the floor tilting beneath him, the walls tinted a strange off white. He should turn back, he knew, but he had to keep going. Dean was just ahead, he could sense him. Just a step further—
They stared at each other, neither of them knowing what to do or say next, neither willing to make the first move. Not for the first time, something stirred in Cas’ stomach, a desire for more. He wanted to be truly human for once, to experience how humans did, to really live for once. Was this how Anna felt when she ripped out her grace? Cas didn’t know, he found that he didn’t know a lot recently. But he knew one thing for certain. Jimmy Novak was right and wrong. Cas was in love with Dean Winchester, but Dean Winchester wasn’t in love with him. Even if they were, he knew it was wrong. Angels simply were not allowed to love.
“Where were you?” Cas asked.
The question lingered on both of their minds, but neither could bring themself to ask it. Is it true? Cas desperately wanted to know. He didn’t think Jimmy could read his mind, but if Cas had been careless, he might have. But Dean…Jimmy had no way of knowing. Dean could never love him back, Cas was certain of it. Most likely, Dean would be scared off. Dean probably thought he was a creep already.
Dean blinked. “Good. Cas, is there something wrong?”
Cas closed his eyes. “I told you. It’s nothing.”
Cas could hear voices talking on the other side of the door, muffled quietly. He peeked through a crack in the door, seeing Dean on the phone with Sam.
Dean looked away, his ears turning pink. He scratched at the back of his neck, avoiding Cas’ gaze. “Well,” he muttered. “I don’t know. I like chicks, okay?”
Time always passed differently and Cas could feel it drifting by, sometimes slowly, sometimes speeding up.  When he was around Dean, it raced by at breakneck pace. He had known Dean for four years, a mere four compared to the millions he had lived, but these mattered the most to him. Cas had seen the creation of universes, the dawn of time, the first humans emerging from a cave, but nothing compared to this. The rest of time could disappear as long as he had Dean.
It was near sunset when Cas checked the clock. They were late, they were supposed to be back a few hours ago. Worry rocketed through him and Cas reached for his phone, hoping there was an explanation from Sam or Dean, but there was nothing.
“Where are you going?” Dean’s voice sounded hoarse.
Cas flinched at the mention. He hadn’t told Dean, he hadn’t told anyone exactly what had happened to him in Heaven.
He could tell that Dean was shivering in his sleep. Cas could make out the outline of his broad shoulders from where Dean was curled on his own bed. Angels didn’t feel cold but Cas could guess, he had seen this before. Cas hesitated for a moment, then wrapped the white blanket from his own bed around Dean’s shoulders. He wanted to run his fingers down the side of Dean’s face, but he refrained from doing so.
“There’s nothing to say.”
His vision swam as he stumbled forward, barely able to make out the blurred lines of walls and doors. Concrete scraped his hands as he fell, again and again, unable to tell where the floor began and ended. Just a step further, just another step. Dean was near, Cas could feel it. His hand closed around the doorknob.
“Jimmy took control?” Sam sounded incredulous. “I mean seriously?”
“I don’t need rest,” Cas objected. He didn’t want to be alone, not at a time like this.
“You know Michael will kill me,” Cas answered at last. “Anna, I don’t have a choice.”
“Cas, Cas!” Sam was standing over him. “Cas, thank god, you idiot, what happened?”
But he forced himself to stay. An eternity without Dean sounded horrible, even if it was full of awkwardness for the next few years.
“Whoa there,” Dean murmured. “Careful.”
Dean was sitting on the edge of the bed, staring down at the ground. At the sound of his voice, he startled, springing up. “Cas?” he asked. “What’s up?” He looked tired, the bags under his eyes darker, lines on his face drawn out. He wasn’t a bad looking guy, Jimmy decided. If he wasn’t straight and married, and if the angel possessing him wasn’t in love with Dean, Jimmy might have even given it a shot.
Cas forced himself to breathe. “Sorry,” he muttered. “I—”
Family. Once, that would have satisfied him, and in a way, it still did. Was it wrong of him to want something more? Even though he knew it was an abomination, that angels weren’t supposed to feel, Cas knew that he did. He felt more than he had felt since the dawn of time. Family was what he wanted, yes, but with Dean, he wanted more, he wanted something that he knew that Dean would never have. Dean could never love him. Not when he was this weak.
“Exactly.” Cas turned his back, finally managing to pull himself from Dean’s now lax grasp, standing up unsteadily. Dean made no move to help him and Cas felt the bitter triumph, knowing his plan had worked. He took an unsteady step toward the door.
“No way,” Anna snarled. Her knife flashed in the light and Cas grabbed her arm.
“Vampires?” Sam asked as he let himself into the motel room the next morning. He placed two styrofoam cups of lukewarm coffee on the table, along with his computer and several heavy books.
“I might. I can’t control it,” Cas shook his head. “Everyone keeps using me. I’m going to hurt you, I’m going to hurt Sam. You need to stay away from me.”
How he ended up here, he wasn’t quite certain. Cas usually had his teleportation under control. The last thing he could recall was the fear pounding through him. Angels rarely felt fear, but Cas felt it all the time now. He feared for his own safety, for Dean’s, for Sam’s, for the whole world.
It was too late. Cas closed his eyes as he reached into his own soul and gritting his teeth, he ripped out his own grace. It was almost like digging a hand into his chest, reaching past his rib cage, past his lungs, gripping onto his spine and yanking. Cas screamed as white light flared around him. He registered that he was on the ground, but he didn’t remember falling there. Someone yelled something, his name, he remembered thinking, before everything went dark.
“Don’t,” she begged him.
Dean gave him a side glance, one of confusion and wariness. “No, I kinda want to finish it,” he sighed. “Maybe another time?”
Castiel asked, probably confused out of his mind.
This was what he was used to. Research, pages of books to focus on, where things made sense, or more sense than emotions and feelings. Cas could push everything to the back of his mind. It was easier to pretend.
“Some sort of abandoned warehouse or something,” Sam shook his head. “It was hard to tell. It was dark out, and then we…” He closed his eyes. “Were ambushed. I got out okay, but they got him. God, I should have stopped it.”
“It was warded,” Cas managed to get out. He winced as he lifted a hand to his side, the pain beginning to fade.
Cas nodded, a sinking feeling in his gut. He had been expecting that, so why did it still hurt? His plan had worked, Dean would be safe now. “There’s nothing you can do.”
Naomi’s face flashed through his mind—
It was times like this he felt the loneliness creeping in. Loneliness was a human emotion and Cas knew that. Angels simply did not long for others. But he craved the comfort of another, the warm press of a body against his. It left a gaping hole in his chest, as if a rock was nestled in his lungs, weighing him down.
No. Cas shoved the thoughts away, pressing himself tighter into Dean’s arms. She wasn’t here. It was just Sam and Dean and the bunker. Dean’s hand pressed against his back and Cas focused on the pressure, letting it ground him.  He was so focused on Dean and his touch that he didn’t even notice Sam leaving the two of them alone.
“Told you,” Cas mumbled. Then his eyes rolled up and he collapsed.
It was then that the thought crossed his mind of how stupid this idea had been. Cas was standing in the bathroom right now, with no exit other than teleporting away, which if he was going to do, he could have just done it in the first place. Angels did not have to use the bathroom and Dean knew that, so that added another layer of awkwardness to the situation. Cas groaned, burying his head in his arms.
Cas wondered if he should run. He could teleport, fly off to some distant corner of the Earth or even the galaxy. Would anyone miss him? Would Sam and Dean look for him, beg him to come back? Even if they would, it would save him the embarrassment and awkwardness from conversing with Dean right now. But he wouldn’t leave. He couldn’t stay away.
Cas shrank back at the outburst, more than he meant to and Dean’s gaze softened. The loud noises, the anger—it made the thoughts threaten to creep over.
Maybe he should escape from this place, escape from his captors, be free of what he endured. But where would he go? Cas had fallen, he knew that the angels wouldn’t want him back and after what he had done, they probably would simply kill him.
“What? No,” Jimmy replied quickly, perhaps too quickly because Dean’s eyes narrowed. “Everything’s fine.”
Everytime he got close to Dean, alarm bells went off in his head. When their shoulders touched briefly or hands brushed, Cas became aware of every molecule around him. What would Dean think about this? Would he think Cas was trying to make a move on him? Not that he didn’t want to, just—it was all too confusion. He had no clue how to make sense of the tangled mess of emotions inside of his mind.
Cas couldn’t have been more wrong. A fallen angel was still an angel, after all.
Dean caught his arm. “Not so fast,” he warned. “Cas, wait.”
“Cas?” Dean prompted. “You still there?”
The bathroom door shut with a solid click and Cas braced himself against the sink, hot and cold flashing through him. He turned on one of the squeaky taps, letting rust colored water run over his hands before he splashed it onto his face. Cas stared at himself fin the mirror, same dark hair and blue eyes, but now there was something
Their footsteps echoed as they walked through the concrete hallways. Clear plastic curtains rustled in the breeze, making Cas tense every time they crossed into his peripheral. They discovered no more vampires, something that should have been a relief but instead unnerved him more.
Sam nodded. “I know,” he said. “But it doesn’t fix the problem.”
“Oh,” Dean nodded a bit too vigorously. “Yeah.”
“About what?” Cas replied dutifully.
“Hey, you’re okay,” Dean didn’t let him go. “Relax.”
Castiel had been letting his guard down lately. The colors in his mind—if angels had minds—were leaking through. Usually, Jimmy could exist peacefully in his own corner of his mind, a world he could alter in any way as he waited. But recently, it was just filled up with the same thing. Dean, Dean, Dean, Dean. Because apparently, that was all Castiel, a goddamn angel of the lord, could think about.
How to describe love? Now he had a name for the strange emotions he had been feeling. The willingness to do anything for Dean that always puzzled him, back when he didn’t know how to quantify it. Falling from Heaven as he fell in love. It was poetic, he had to admit. The countless things he did for Dean in the name of love, before he knew what it was called.
“I’m fine,” Cas insisted, even as the edges of his vision blurred white.
Cas held his hand above the chains. Usually he could snap his fingers and make them drop, but he doubted he could if he tried. Now, he had to take the time and unwind the individual strands of molecules and metal.
“What are you going to do?” Cas asked through the panic building in him. It wasn’t safe, not with Dean touching him like this. Any moment, he could snap, he could lose control. “Keep me on a leash? I’m an angel. I can go where I please and you can’t stop me.”
“Pretend?” Dean scoffed. “Cas, you’re my best friend. Of course, I’m worried. What has been going on with you?”
Anna gazed at him, sorrow in her eyes. “When did you become so feisty? You used to be so docile and sweet. Little Cas. Now look at you.”
He was going to be safe, far away from the reaches of the angels. He could finally be safe and free.
“Stop it,” Dean ordered. “Stop doing this to yourself.” He reached over, probably to grab Cas’ shoulder, but Cas flinched away from him, Dean’s hand hovering gingerly in the air. The image of the beach flashed in his mind again—
“You know you can talk to me at any time, right?” Dean asked. “Cas.”
The silence stretched on for longer than it should have and fleeing sounded like a good idea to Cas.
“I—” his voice caught. “I can’t. Dean, I can’t. Please, don’t make me. I just—I can’t talk about it right now, and—”
“No, Cas, you’re in no shape—” Sam started, but Cas shoved by him, charging back down the same hallway.
He came to as cold water splashed over his face and he coughed, expelling the icy liquid from his lungs.
“Why would you?” Cas ranted on as if Dean hadn’t spoken. “I’m useless. I’m so weak.”
It was lonely here, without either Dean or Sam. Cas paced around the small hotel room, entertaining himself. He swept, he organized the mess, especially the mess in Dean’s luggage, sorted Sam’s books, until he had nothing else.
“How are you feeling?” he settled on instead.
“That’s it. Good. You’re okay.” He was safe. He wasn’t in Heaven, Naomi wasn’t here. It was just him and Dean in this hotel room, Dean with—
Angels didn’t sleep. But he wasn’t fully an angel anymore. Once in a while, Cas could feel his eyelids drooping, the sweet hum of sleep in the back of his mind. He knew that tonight, he should give in, but per usual, he couldn’t.
It didn’t feel like that though. There was no evidence that anyone or anything had ever been here, other than those two vampires. If this was a nest, one that Sam and Dean hadn’t been able to take out, Cas would have expected it to be crawling with the bloodsuckers.
Brilliant blues, flourishing violets of universes far beyond. Vanishing gold and sparkling twilight, swirls of minty green and pastel pinks. He saw it all, indescribable beauty, the light of the sun setting over an ocean, the flicker of color in the eyes of one who smiled genuinely for the first time.
“What happened?” Dean’s voice was softer than he had ever heard it before. The light of the bunker made his eyes look greener than Cas had ever seen before. His stomach flipped, a jolt of electricity passing through him. Dean didn’t look away, even past the time any other person would have.
White paint was peeling off the outside of the warehouse, hanging off limply in loose clumps. It stared back at them, blown out windows like haunted eyes. Cas shuddered at the sight of it. Somewhere, Dean was a prisoner inside. Urgency burned through him and he charged ahead, even as Sam stumbled, trying to recover from the feeling of being whisked across the country.
Cas shook his head, his hand flying up instinctively. He was in the hotel room, not in Heaven. He was safe, safe from the other angels, safe from what they did to him. Cas closed his eyes, forcing himself to breathe like Dean taught him to. Five things he could see. The queen-sized bed, Dean’s olive green duffle, his hands, the room service menu. Four thing he could touch. His trenchcoat. The grimy table, the chair, the yellow curtain. Three he could hear. His own breathing. The clunk of the ice machine. Voices outside his room. Wait—Sam’s voice. No Dean.
“Oh.” Cas didn’t know what to say, so he sat there, staring at the bedspread. A tiny thread was beginning to become unraveled, the embroidered flower falling apart. He was tempted to pull on it, yank the pattern completely from the blanket.
“Anything in there?”
“You going somewhere?” Dean asked and Cas wondered how he had figured it out before remembering the letter he had begun to write.
“I—” Cas trailed off, the words caught in his throat. If he knew, Cas could already feel the guilt that would roll of of Dean like waves. He would blame himself for something that was entirely out of his control. “I was out.”
Sam nodded, grimacing as he held his arm. “It was a trick,” he answered. “No vampires. Crowley ambushed us and I barely got away.”
“Castiel!” A voice yelled behind him. Cas turned to see Naomi, Michael’s second in command bearing down on him. “Castiel, you stop this instant.”
“Hey Cas. Cas, look at me. Cas, breathe, okay? It’s okay, don’t talk about it.” Warm arms around his body, the soft press of a chest against his shoulder. Cas trembled, his eyes squeezed shut as he focused on his breathing.
. Jimmy was really getting tired of seeing Dean’s face, in real life, and in Castiel’s mind. Also, wow, the sexual tension between the two made him want to punch a hole through the roof.
“Are we—” Dean made a strange gesture. “Going to, y’know…talk about it?”
For the first time in a while, Cas felt safe. Here, sitting on the floor of the grimy hotel room, Dean Winchester holding him, he wasn’t unsure, afraid, or lost. Dean’s hand rubbed up and down his arm, soothing him and Cas closed his eyes again.
“Cas, stop.”
Cas opened his mouth, then closed it. “I must not be at full strength,” he admitted. “After what happened earlier, I think that I’ve been more tired. I must have lost control.”
The door burst open as Cas stood up, his angel blade materializing in his hand as Sam stumbled through, blood and grime streaked across his face.
“Tell me where it was,” Cas ordered. “I’ll go there now.”
“This,” Dean gestured vaguely at the two of them. “Us. Is there something? Unless Jimmy Novak was lying—”
Jimmy Novak was fed up.
Now all that remained was gray. The gray of the walls, the watery light that shone down on him. The gray metal of the chains that bound his wrists. The gray and white sheets that covered the cot in the corner. Even the water was gray, his reflection pallid and tired as it stared back at him from the cup that was delivered to him each morning.
“I’m not trying—” Dean dropped his gaze. “Cas, I’m just worried about you.” His green eyes met Cas’ again and Cas couldn’t look away. “Talk to me, please.”
“What did he say?” Sam asked. Cas could have imagined it, but he wondered if he imagined the amusement in Sam’s tone.
Cas shook his head. “I can’t stay here,” he argued. “Not with Michael, not with what has been happening. I can’t, Anna, I can’t stay here.”
“Cas,” Sam’s voice was rough, with exhaustion and desperation. “Please. I can help. I’ve been there. It will be easier with me.”
Cas is watching everyone eat fondly, taking sips of beer even though he doesn’t need to. Jack explains the last Star Wars movie he saw animatedly and Dean grins at him the entire way through, adding onto certain parts enthusiastically.
“It was easy. Just a salt and burn, we haven’t had one of those since… I don’t even know, everything’s gotten so complicated.”
“Fallen?” Dean asks, eyes wide. “You mean your grace?”
“Yeah. I don’t think we can back out now.”
Sam thinks it’s as good a time as any to bring it up; the car is always a good place to talk.
Once they’re back at the bunker, it’s early afternoon and none of them have eaten. Cas sits on the stool at the kitchen table while Dean gets out a frying pan and sets to work on three burgers.
“The deal was that it would take him when he was happy.” Dean says, voice hard again. Sam looks at him for a minute, eyes wide and confused, “Loving me is what killed him.”
“But you could have more.”
“I won’t. How are
“Cas?”
It’s the fifth of December and Dean’s phone is ringing, but why would Sam be awake at four thirty in the morning.
“No, no. I mean…not family. Not brothers. Not my best friend.” He breathes out. “You are my best friend, obviously. But I also love you.”
“Hmm?” Dean let’s Sam drag him away from the doorway distractedly. “I’m fine. Sorry, I’m good.” He straightens up.
“Are you alright?” Dean asks and Cas nods, looking tense and in pain. “Come on, man, what can we do?”
It was less of a realization, and more of an acknowledgement. He had known it was there. The confessional during that one case a few months ago should have proven enough that it was on his mind, but the words had never felt right before. It never seemed like something that could ever apply to him.
“How are you gonna do that?”
“...I know, Dean.”
“What the fuck was that?”
That night they have pizza and Dean turns down the TV volume and sets up their food on the motel bed. They eat, dropping crumbs and pizza sauceon the sheets and Cas doesn’t complain, it’s his bed, but Dean complains for him, even though he won’t be the one sleeping there.
“Sitting.”
Cas doesn’t answer, he only huffs out a breath, trying not to panic. He just needs to find a moment of hesitation or weakness, if he can get his hands on an angle blade he’ll be okay.
So maybe it wasn’t the fact that he’s a year older now. Maybe it wasn’t something about being 17.
“I don’t know-”
Sam doesn’t give Cas enough credit for his hugs, and maybe it’s because Sam really needed a hug, but Cas gives damn good hugs. He’s grinning and holding tightly onto Sam and it makes Sam smile back through his grief. He doesn’t say anything, because it hasn’t even been a full day, the body hasn’t even been buried yet. Cas deserved to hear it out loud instead of making inferences, but Sam can’t say it.
They both fall asleep easier that night.
Cas can sense Dean holding his breath, just as he can sense the longing. It makes his heart feel like he stepped over the edge of a cliff and now he’s just… falling. But that’s what he’s always done, isn’t it?
“Take care, Dean.”
“I chose this Dean, and I didn’t do it recklessly. I knew the risks I was taking, and I knew what I was fighting for, I knew whose side I was on, still am on and I wouldn’t change a thing.”
“Well then… I’m happy for you… I guess,” Claire chuckles, still sounding hesitant.
“We should head back,” Sam says, breaking their staring contest. Dean nods and the three of them head towards Baby.
“Yes. You should have.” Dean nods. “Why didn’t you?”
There’s a picture in his wallet, because of course there is. There’s one of Sammy from when they were young. In the pocket next to that one is another picture of him and Cas. Cowboy hats on. He had asked someone passing by to take a picture of them, Dean had his arm over Cas’ shoulder and they were both smiling. They were happy.
“So.” Dean says, his back to Cas. “Are you human?”
I’m bisexual.
“What is it?”
“It’s because of me, though. Right?”
“We could try to get him back.”
“Really?” Cas smiles. “It’s nice.”
“Yes, but do you mean weak as in… not strong, or as in becoming human?”  Dean asks. Cas is silent for a moment, and Dean gets enough of an answer from that, he claps Cas on the shoulder in sympathy. “You should have told us, man.”
The knife is drawn back, and maybe if Cas had thought a little quicker, maybe if he had another second to make a move… but the words had taken him by surprise, knocking the air from his lungs, he knew they could be true, it was an insecurity Cas had been trying so hard to force out of his head, but to hear it spoken aloud rattled him to the core. The angel raises the blade, it’s not even an angel blade, Cas’ mortality is threatening, his life can be taken easily now, a simple bullet, a blade in the right place, not enough sleep or food… he feels weak.
“Oh. Well then yeah. I guess settling down would be nice. I don’t really need anyone else though. I have you and Cas and Jack. That’s enough family for me.”
“Do you think you’ll have nightmares again?”
Once they get there it’s late, Jack is in Bed, and the three of them sit down around the table with a few beers. They talk for a while, and Cas tells Sam about being human.
“Your turn kid.” He grins. Jack looks at him with wide eyes and a big smile. He nods happily and scrapes his name into the wood.
“Me?” Cas asks, eyes squinting.
There’s a painful twinge in his knee when he stands, Dean offering a hand that Cas doesn’t take.
They’re slowing to a stop and Dean is smiling still, but it’s hesitant, almost… nervous.
“You’re misunderstanding. I don’t want help.”
“It doesn’t mean anything, Sam.”
“What?”
“Don’t say that, we could probably find a way,” Dean reassures him. Cas shakes his head.
The phone rings.
“I don’t expect you to say it back… I just need you to know. You’ve changed me. From the minute I pulled you out of hell, you made me… see humanity more completely. You taught me compassion and- and kindness, and love.”
“Dean? Hey! Hey, You okay?”
“Not quite.” Cas sighs. “But I’m not much of an angel anymore either, I thought if I was careful I could save my grace. But it’s diminishing on its own as well.”
So they sit together in silence. It’s not sad, actually they feel happy for the first time in a while. Cas let’s himself think about it, this feeling. Dean makes him happy. Dean has always made him happy. The silence doesn’t last long though, and this time it’s Dean who interrupts it.
“How about the grace?” Sam asks quietly. Cas looks off at nothing for a minute, then he closes his eyes and moves to try and sit up. Dean puts his hand on Cas’ back to help him, and Cas winces, making Dean pull away worriedly.
“His name is Miracle. He’s staying.”
“I don’t know how to tell him.”
“It’s not that late…” Dean says once neither of them have moved.
Mary has grown more and more comfortable in the bunker. She goes for hunts on her own or with other hunters she knows, but she stays in touch. It angers Dean sometimes, that she’s only a constant presence in the bunker when Sam and Dean are out. Sometimes it feels like she’s closer with Cas and Jack than she is with her own sons. But at least she’s here at all, and Dean knows she’s trying. Plus he’s glad she likes Cas and Jack.
“I love you, Dean.”
“He spent the night with Eileen. He’ll be back around midday.”
Then sparks flying and eyes glowing, electricity humming in the air, Cas tore down nearly every wall Dean had built. Dean doesn’t remember being pulled from hell, but sometimes he wakes up with his shoulder burning, feeling arms around him, solid warmth behind him, secure in the arms of someone who he’d only just begun to trust.
“Of course. I can have Eileen come here. She hasn’t gotten to see you yet.” Sam says. Cas nods. Sam can’t decide if he wants to look at Cas or the bedroom, but both feel just as painful. “Are you going to be okay?”
But now… eyes hovering on their names on the graves, the flames growing in front of him, the sudden stillness, the warning of the warm flames. He feels numb to it now.
“What?” He laughs, affronted. “I hardly fit in the backseat, Dean.”
“Thanks, Cas.”
~Champagne Problems, Taylor Swift
“Yeah,” he says. Cas knows he doesn’t want to talk about it, so he just nods and pulls Dean closer.
“Sam?”
When they get out of the car, the two of them avoid each other’s gaze enough to draw a weird look from Sam but he doesn’t comment and Dean is thankful. Everyone is gone and there’s really nothing to do now. There’s no next move. No big archangel to help them.
thank you for reading <3
“I’m not sure.”
Back at the bunker, they’re greeted by a dog, and Cas squats to bury his face in her fur. Sam throws the keys down on the table, more carelessly than Dean would have ever allowed, and then he puts down a beer in front of Cas, uncapping one for himself as well.
“You’re both idiots. I have to deal with your bullshit all the damn time and I’m tired of it. I want you to be happy, okay?”
“We’re home!” Dean calls into the bunker. He and Sam carry their duffel bags down the stairs and leave them on the ground. Jack comes barreling down the hall from the direction of his room with a grin, Cas follows him at a walk.
“Yeah. Retire. Hang up the trenchcoat,”
Dean looks back at him and neither of them look away. He reaches out and takes his hand. Thumb smoothing over his knuckles.
“That’s not true.”
“Beach?”
“It feels… like I’m standing in the middle of a windstorm. It’s tingling and then it’s just… slipping away, like a bar of soap in the shower, only with more power than you could ever comprehend as a human.”
“Alright, I need coffee. And bacon.”
“I’m sorry, it wasn’t- I wasn’t ready either.”
“I’m sorry.” She sighs. “Maybe you should talk to him about it. Work things out?”
Dean doesn’t go a single day without praying to Cas. He knows Cas can’t hear him. He knows it’s kind of hopeless, but he has to. So he prays to Cas whenever something interesting happens. He prays to Cas when nothing interesting is happening. He prays to Cas after nightmares and before nightmares.
“I have them for you as well.”
They don’t stop hunting. Not right away at least. There are a few close encounters and a few injuries that don’t heal when they should and a fight that leaves Cas locked in his room and Dean driving aimlessly.
“You’ve- you lost… Jess.” Dean croaks, hesitant to compare Cas to Sam’s dead girlfriend. Sam looks surprised as well, but he doesn’t mention it.
Suddenly, it’s not something confined to the lonely spaces of Dean’s room. It’s not just a reach for comfort when they’re both alone and fragile. (As ruthless and legendary hunters as they both may be, they are also fragile as fuck, don’t question me on this). It’s not keeping Cas close because he’s human now, because Cas is lost and Dean is scared to lose him, and it isn’t Cas grasping to find something stable in his rickety fall from grace.
“I’m not packed.”
“Fine, alright,” Sam laughs. “I’m happy for you Dean. Really. I am.”
“Why not?”
His body would be burnt, the funeral would be lonely and dry, Bobby might show if he lives long enough, Sam might try to bring him back if Dean doesn’t get a chance to tell him not to.
“I’ve spent the night at the bunker plenty of times.”
Every moment of their lives, the ghosts they hunted while John was missing, the demons, the angels, all of it. Chuck was gone. They were free.
“I miss him.” Cas says. Sam sniffs.
“That’s not what I meant and you know it.” Dean grumbles, he crosses the room with a hand running through his hair. Cas tilts his head up like he’s challenging that statement and Dean sighs. “I want you here, Cas. Of course I do.”
Dean is silent for a while, looking out at the road. Sam doesn’t have much else to say so he let’s Dean sit with his thoughts. Almost fifteen minutes passes when Dean speaks again.
“I don’t know.” Dean sighs. “We hunt?”
But he’s already glowing, the demon holding Cas back shrivels to dust and the demon holding back Dean looks on in fear. Cas’ wings spread out behind him, only visible in shadow, and Dean gapes. They’re broken, and missing nearly all of their feathers, and it makes Dean’s chest ache to see Cas, who had been so powerful, so unwavering in strength, look so weathered. Yet he still radiates strength and his glowing eyes stare right into the demon while he smites him. Sam is released from the invisible ropes, and Dean slumps back against the wall, the blade that was against his throat falls to the ground.
“I’m glad you stayed.”
A very normal, manly, best friend thing… to want him to come back to bed… to have him in the bed in the first place. Holy shit… Dean’s not going to think about it. They’ve shared spaces before with no problem. Cas situates himself in the bed again and Dean rolls onto his back, eyes closed.
“You alright, man?” She asks after a minute.
There’s only a moment where Cas can almost hear all of Deans thoughts, if only he were still an angel, before Dean crawls under the covers next to Cas. He keeps space between them, but Cas is too tired for his shit, he throws an arm around Dean’s waist and rubs his hand over Dean’s shoulder.
He had feelings about Dean.
But he was. He was alive. Last year, last week, an hour ago. Five minutes ago, Dean Winchester was breathing. Someone needed him enough to call him. Someone needed Dean right now and all Sam could do was look anywhere but the body.
“Got it.”
“She’s dead.” Dean is still looking at Cas, who’s not looking back for once.
Dean was okay with himself finally, and when Cas was nearly killed by another angel on a hunt, Dean decided to hell with it, and kissed him.
There'll be happiness after you
Dean forces himself to open his eyes then, He’s slouched against a cold wall on a cement floor and everything is dizzy. Cas immediately kneels next to Dean, a hand on his cheek and checking for injuries.
“Anyway, there’s no one else I’d rather dance with than you.”
“Things really do change, huh.” Sam chuckles.”I’m kinda worried about Dean, though,” he says hesitantly.
“No. Sammy. Why- why is it like this? Why me?” He says, voice coming down from a shout, finally. “Why Cas?”
“I don’t know if I’ll be able to sleep tonight.”
“Cas, you know what she said was bullshit, right?” Dean grumbles suddenly. Cas looks up and makes eye contact with Dean through the rearview mirror. “Seriously man, don’t listen to her. She was just trying to get into your head,”
“Oh, no,” Dean shut it, putting it on the nightstand. “I was hoping we could find something in there about angel tablet, but no.”
“Cas—”
A fallen angel. That was what he was now. The most hated of all creatures, of both the angels and the humans. Hunted down by both. The angels wanted him for treason, wanted to kill him or worse. And the humans? They wanted him in ways that Cas couldn’t even imagine, until now.
“I called Jodie,” Dean was saying, running his hands through his hair, an agitated look on his face. He paced back and forth before the table, a beer in his hand. “She said that she’d put out an APB for him. And I—” he looked up and his face went slack. “Cas?”
Naomi pointed her blade forward. “Seize him.”
“Be safe,” she whispered. “I’ll hold them off.”
“It’s okay,” Cas breathed. Fear pounded through him, but in that moment, he was calm. “I’m going to be okay.” He let go of her arm and Anna gazed back at him.
“Hey Cas,” Dean said with a familiar grin. Blood dripped from a gash across his forehead, bruises littering his face, a bloodstained bandage hastily applied to his neck, but he looked charming as ever, even with his arms tied above his head, chained to the ceiling.
“What about you?” Dean fidgeted with the sleeves of his coat.
“Fine.” Cas folded his arms. “What about you?”
The sight of a beach was almost foreign to him. Cas couldn’t remember the last time he had stood on a beach like this, maybe several thousand years ago, when human civilization wasn’t nearly as advanced as it was now. Humans appeared and disappeared in the blink of an eye. It was common for angels to not notice how changed the Earth had become since their last visits. One year or two was nothing to an angel, just a minute, an hour, a blink of an eye.
But love…it wasn’t like what he had read about in the few books Sam had given him. It burned and took, and sometimes it hurt, hurt more than anything Cas had ever experienced. It was slow, gradual, a build up that teetered on the cusp before crashing down. Love took his breath away and gave it back, it made the blood pound in his heart, it made Cas feel human, more human than he had ever felt before. And it scared him.
“Cas,” Dean’s voice snapped him out of his daze again. He was staring at Cas with a worried expression on his face. “Cas, you sure you’re alright?”
For a moment, he feared they would fight and Cas knew that no matter what, he couldn’t beat his sister in a fight. Then, Anna lowered her knife.
“I want to help you,” Dean said. “Please, Cas.”
“I’m—” Cas trailed off again. Words felt like lead weights on his tongue, holding him down. When did speaking become this difficult? It was hard to make sense of his tumbling thoughts. Running began to start like a better idea again.  How could he have been so foolish, so careless to let Jimmy sneak through and ruin this for him? “I’m going to—” he waved in the general direction of the bathroom.
“Feelings, they—I—” Cas stopped short. He didn’t know how to explain this. “I’ve never felt anything about it. It’s all so confusing to me. This part of being human, I—I don’t know.”
“You used to want me here so you can use me,” Cas accused. “That’s what everyone wants. First, it was my powers, now it’s just leverage or because you feel guilty.”
“No, Cas—” concern flickered across Dean’s face. “Cas, don’t. Don’t hurt yourself like this—”
It felt like his insides were on fire. Cas stumbled forward, catching himself on the door as he gritted his teeth. Now he could see the sigils on the wall, glowing a harsh white as they stared back at him, burning him from the inside out. Cas coughed, forcing himself to take another step, then another. Dean was there, he had to rescue Dean.
He didn’t expect it to work, but Castiel went quiet. He knew that Castiel still felt guilty over what he had done, even if it was by accident, to the Novaks. And Jimmy had to admit, in the beginning, he had felt resentment toward Castiel, but as Castiel grew, developing human emotions, he had to admit that Castiel was a good human, or as close to one as he could get.
“Cas—”
“Alright,” Cas agreed. “Let’s go.”
The pain hit then, crashing through him. He didn’t remember falling to the ground, but he must have since the cold concrete was pressed against his face. His insides were on fire as if he had swallowed molten lava. Cas wanted to scream, but he couldn’t, he couldn’t do anything but curl up and tremble. His vision went white, the edges fading to gray as darkness slowly took him over. He felt hands on his shoulder and wondered for a moment if it was Dean, if Dean had come to save him, but Cas couldn’t focus on anything anymore.
The argument they had last night still hung in the air. Dean didn’t want him to come along, that was the real reason, but Cas wasn’t going to argue. They were only a few feet apart, but it felt like miles to Cas. He was glad of it though, even as his heart sank. It was safer this way.
Anna shook her head. “No, Cas, you won’t.”
“But you need to heal.” Dean wasn’t having any of it. “Stay here, Cas. We’ll be fine. I need to get out of here anyway.”
“You’re taking me too,” Sam insisted.
Jimmy could feel Castiel pushing against him.
“And do you like him?”
“Cas—”
Cas pictured the bunker in his mind, the simple, but homely feel of Dean’s bedroom, the liveliness of the kitchen, the brightly lit main room. Wind rushed around him as his wings unfurled, interdimensional, invisible, magnificent.
“You’re letting me?”
This was just plain annoying.
“I can’t.” The words were broken, even to his own ears. Cas wanted to shrink, to disappear and hide again, but Dean held him, keeping him from fleeing. Once, Castiel had been the commander of armies, a fearsome soldier. Now…what was he? A broken angel. A powerless, weak, helpless thing.
And he was not one. Cas knew that already, he knew all of it. Dean liked him as a friend and nothing more than that and Cas was okay with that. He had come to terms with it a long time ago. It didn’t bother him. Angels weren’t supposed to feel anyway.
“You wanna tell Jack and Sammy dinner is ready?”
Sam hardly has time to sit around staring at the body. He hardly has it in him to look at the blood on his hands. He can’t think about very much at all or maybe his brain is blanking because the only thing that matters is his big brother. His big brother who raised him with love. Who cared for him above all else even with demon blood in his veins and lucifer in his head.
“I’m happy with it, I chose this, in fact. The smells, the taste, the feeling of the air on your skin… I could never feel all the simple things before. It’s beautiful.”
“But I didn’t even- I should’ve… stopped him.”
“Okay,” Cas says with a softness that makes Dean’s chest ache, and then there’s a feather-light touch over his forehead, pushing his hair back from his face before thinking better of it. Cas’ hand falls onto the bed between him and all Dean has to do is reach for it. There’s no way Cas doesn’t feel the same right? Forget about all the reasons it’s a bad idea, all the reasons Dean can’t handle it. It should be easy, right? And Cas cares for him too.
“Well, what do you want? You must have had some fantasies, right?” She asks, Dean nods. Cas pops up in his head, carding gentle fingers through unruly hair, warm arms around shaking shoulders, soft smiles and lazy morning kisses. Something that he was never meant to have.
Sometimes Dean can’t help but think they were doomed from the start. He aches for Cas with everything in him. He always has. He feels like he’s been impaled when he thinks of Cas’ body lifeless and burning on the pyre. He wakes up sobbing some nights with Cas’ name stuck in his throat and images of him bleeding out still fresh in his mind. He would never love again. He doesn’t say it though. Cas holds him on those nights and when they wake up, they don’t acknowledge it, they only exchange smiles meant for only each other and move apart.
“I’m- I’m good but… you were gone, Cas. Dean said you were gone! Are you alright?”
The Deancave is too much of a hassle and Dean knows he’ll fall asleep halfway through and he doesn’t want to sleep on the sofa, so he sets up his laptop and once he’s in pajamas and Cas has stripped down to his white shirt and dress pants, the sit on Dean’s bed, the computer resting on their thighs, and they watch Star Wars, inspired by Jack’s excitement and Cas’ hope to understand the kid better.
It is not easy. Dean keeps his hands firmly intertwined on top of his own stomach.
“You ready for pasta?” He asks, “About ten minutes, have a seat,”
“Wanna watch a movie?”
“Thank you. So you going on this alone? You got a friend? A partner…?”
“I’m- Fuck Cas, I’m not good at... at-“
Sam leaves the doorway with a hesitant nod and Cas pulls Dean’s journal from under his pillow. It’s not finished, there’s still a quarter of the journal left blank. A full story that hasn’t been told. Maybe Cas will finish it.
The drive is quiet and Cas looks at Dean hesitantly, unsure of what Dean is thinking or feeling, or what his next move is going to be and Dean feels guilty for leaving him in the dark. He looks at Cas openly, trying to tell him without praying or saying it out loud, that he’s angry, but that it’s okay. He’s not sure Cas understands. He’s still not sure what he’s supposed to do now.
“Thank you, Dean. I don’t think you can help though.”
“Just… just give me a second, I’m not good at this.”
“I guess,” Dean says slowly, focusing on the road.
It hardly feels like time has passed at all when the alarm goes off. Cas was too thoughtless to have checked the time so it startles him and ruins his plan of sneaking out of bed before Dean wakes. He turns it off though, pulling away from Dean, who grumbles and reaches blindly to click on the bedside lamp.
“Yeah, she brought up dad,” Sam sighs. “I didn’t realize… I mean the way we grew up will always affect us, but I didn’t realize how much he was still holding on to.”
He does pull away when Sam walks in, even if it does virtually nothing. Sam had seen their hands, Dean’s still sitting so close to the bed that his knees are touching the mattress. Cas is looking at Dean, and Dean kind of wants to reach back out and take his hand again but he’s a coward.
“We are. And I’m glad, I just....” Sam shakes his head, Dean probably won’t bring it up himself. “Do you ever think about settling down with someone?” Dean doesn’t say anything, but he gives Sam the side-eye. “Like we’ve talked about before, someone in the life.”
Dean serves the burgers and Sam and Dean fill in Cas while they eat.Eileen arrives a few hours later and she hugs Cas as well, welcoming him back excitedly. Jack drops in and informs them of what happened. He’s rebuilding heaven, he says, and he needed more angels. He needed archangels.
Castiel was anything but cruel, but the universe was cruel for bringing him right to Dean because Castiel was too kind and far too much for Dean to comprehend. He was a dick at first, just like the rest, but he was never like the rest of the angels, not completely. He had doubts. He had feelings.
When he gets there, he pulls out the files for the case, pulls up some of his research and sets to work.
It’s the fifth of December, and Dean feels like he’s buzzing with numbness.
That night, and all the ones after it, Cas sleeps in Dean’s room. He wonders how long it will take before it doesn’t smell like Dean anymore. Before it only smells like Cas and dog fur. How long will it take for Cas’ memories to become hazy, no longer angelic, and how long will it be until Cas can hardly hear Dean’s voice in his mind, can hardly remember the prayers, what he sounded like when he laughed. He has everything Dean had owned, but he wishes he had more. He wishes he had Dean.
“Thank you, Sam.” Cas smiles, Dean returns a moment later with three bottles, which he hands off to Sam and Cas.
“Whatcha reading?”
The nights that aren’t so silent are the days off. It’s beginning to feel peaceful again, between hunts, and things are tense, building up because Dean and Cas both know there’s more to this now. They both know it goes farther and deeper than either of them have been able to admit. It’s always been like this, but neither of them can figure out what kind of beginning is big enough for a love like theirs. So it continues to go unsaid.
He sits in baby for a little while, no planning on going anywhere. Cas joins him, tapping on the window to let Dean know he’s there before he climbs into the passenger seat.
“Because I don’t know how! Because-”
His narrative became; Don't let Cas die. Don't let Cas leave. Don't let Cas get hurt. Don't stare too hard. Don't touch him for too long. Don't reach out. Don't open up. Don't think about it, just... just keep him safe. Keep them all safe.
On day three, he carries his duffel to his car. Cas watches him sadly. Guiltily. Dean looks away.
They’re moving, but they’re moving together, roots strongly woven into the ground, going far deeper than anyone might expect. Or maybe everyone expected it.
Then he’s wrapping his arms around Cas desperately.
“Good.” Dean nods, mouth still full. He can’t look at Cas, but he feels his eyes on him, curious and confused but not prying. Dean sneaks a glance at him, smiles, and then puts the rest of his fries in his mouth.
“If this is about you and Eileen then I approve, but I wanna be your best man.”
He deserved to be happy. He deserved to feel like this.
Haunted by the look in my eyes
Sam needed him right now, he always has and he always will, so whoever’s on the other side of that phone can shove it where the sun doesn't shine. Sam heaves a sob and takes a gasping breath, he’s still clinging to Dean’s sleeve like a lost little kid in the grocery store. Like a lost little kid who still needs his big brother.
“Sammy, can we please drop this?”
“Are you alright?”
“You okay?” He asks and Cas only nods, letting Dean inspect his minor injury for a second before pushing him away.
It’s not long after that that Dean stops with all the hookups and flirting entirely. He hadn’t been doing it as frequently as he used to, so Sam hardly even noticed. But then it was valentine's day and Dean was perfectly content to just have a movie night with Cas.
“Weak?” Dean asks.
“Mary is picking up pizza.” Cas updates them.
Sam is still in his room, on facetime with Eileen most likely, and Jack is watching TV in the Dean-Cave. Dean stirs the pasta lightly and then turns to grin at Cas.
“Cas?” Dean asks gently, lowering them down and letting Cas rest in his lap. “Hey, buddy, wake up,”
But there was happiness because of you
“Are you staying?”
“Of course,” He says, his voice is rough and final and his hand comes up to hold Cas’ cheek. It’s not soft, but the touch still feels gentle. “Of course you can stay.”
“Why?”
He still hesitated with being openly bisexual for a while. He kind of wanted to just… slide out of the closet. He didn’t want to have a conversation, a ‘coming out’. It’s not like it mattered much with the life they live. So Dean didn’t do much about it.
“Yes. My wings have burned.” Castiel’s voice is dark. “I’m human”
When he hangs up the phone, Cas looks back at him expectantly. Dean’s brain is on overload, and he wants to tell Cas that he’s fucking pissed, but he also wants nothing more than to tell him that he feels the same. And yet everyone is gone.
“Where is he?” Dean asks, voice small and eyes wide.
“He wanted to shield you,” Cas tells him. “He thought of it as his job to protect you, not only from the supernatural, but from your father as well. From what I've learned, Dean experienced a fair amount of trauma growing up, and I’m sure you’ve had your share of it too.”
“Yeah, kinda. My friend and I fought, actually. That’s why I’m here. He, uh. He was being a dumbass and I was being ‘over protective’” Dean rolls his eyes. “He’s probably gonna leave now.”
“Dean?”
“What does what feel like?”
A few weeks have passed, and Dean has grown used to their new family dinners every evening. They still go on hunts, but the majority of them have been close to home, and Jack, with his new soul and strengthening powers, has been able to reshape their technique single handedly.
“What do you want, Sammy.”
“It is.” Cas agrees.
Jack watches Dean settle into heaven. He seems happy. Not peaceful, not at home. Cas is on earth, but time passes quickly in heaven, it’s not Dean he’s worried about. He can hear Cas’ prayers, and he can feel himself aching to help. Begging himself to make an exception. They’re your family goddamn it. Make an exception.
“I have no attachment to my bed.” Cas shrugs.
“Dean,”
Dean can’t say anything. He can’t speak. He’s choking on air, eyes wide. It’s a trick. It’s a joke.
“I’m sorry.”
“I’ve been rebuilding heaven. Part of reconstructing heaven meant I would need the help of many angels, most of whom had died.”
So often people say he has fallen from grace. That it was a downward decent from the pearly gates to the cold hard reality of earth. He was drop kicked from his home in heaven, if he could even call it that, and took a spiraling free fall into humanity.
Cas rolls his eyes, smiling, and lifts their hands, to his chest. Dean has to move in closer for his arm to rest on Cas’ chest comfortably, and that leaves his face comfortably close to Cas’.
“Why don’t you want help?” Dean asks incredulously. “We want to help you,” Cas only stares ahead, ignoring him until they get outside. As soon as they’re into the sunlight, seeing Sam dealing with the authorities, Cas rounds on Dean, his face is stern but his voice is still soft.
“Alright.”
“Sam and I are human, and we do just fine. We don’t keep you around just ‘cause you’re an angel Cas, I thought you knew that.”
“I’m not sure.” He shakes his head. Looking at Cas in gentle awe, like he’s still the angel who could smite a demon with a single touch.
“Shut up,”
I've decided to make this a chapter thing, there might be more updates but i'm going at my own pace
“It’s okay. I don’t mind.” Cas says. He turns his head on the white hospital pillow to look at Dean fondly. “How are you, Dean?”
He hunts as vicious as ever, the blade falling just as heavy in his hand as it always has. Slicing through skin as easy as it always will. He hunts like he was made for it, and he was. He was made for thick blood and red eyes and slit throats. He was made for gunshot wounds and suffering. Watching his baby brother die, keeping the bodies of people he loves in the living room like maybe they’ll wake up if he doesn’t burn them. He was made for this.
“Yes, he’s alive.”
“Yeah, you should’ve. I’ve been waiting for this for a decade.” Sam teases gently.
“Thanks, Sam.” Dean says.
Dean is being lifted and dragged to lean against a wall and then there’s a few moments of silence before he hears Sam’s voice.
