To be continued
Red phone: Seriously, don't eat any fish or take fish oil. Who knows what that stuff could do to someone who already has powers.
From: Riley_Parker
Tony: Hugs and kisses. I’m going to have to introduce you to Urban Dictionary.
Agent M: I remember having to fill out the paperwork from Budapest because Linda went into labor early. 90% of which I had to falsify to cover up what really happened. The statute of limitations has not run out yet. You owe me.
“Working on it,” Tony said as he turned his attention back to the paper.
Also, my 4 millionth word is somewhere in this chapter, per fanfiction dot net. (Probably a good 300,000 words are A/Ns and story rewrites, but I'm still counting it.) I've been writing fanfic since 2009. When I started, I didn't think I would ever get to this point where I’ve actually penned 4 million words worth of stories. I was terrified of writing publicly because of my disability. I thought I would be ridiculed for typos that I couldn’t always catch. Your support over the years has kept me going through near-fatal car accidents, deaths in the family, and now a  pandemic. I appreciate all of you being here with me for the ride.
BITC: MJ, are you still there?
Red phone: At least this way, I can keep an eye on him so he doesn't accidentally get himself killed before he's old enough to drive.
Monkey Lover 2: I think I threw up at least twice today. But at least she’s gone and never coming back. I watched her body burn. Then I incinerated the CPU that had her original code. I destroyed it all, except what I need to build a backup plan in case certain things still come to pass, like Robbie’s uncle. I’ve already created the antidote just in case that damn box shows up to bite us in the arse.
Just because I'm dating someone else doesn't mean that I'm not going to hang out with you. I take my pseudo-parenting thing very seriously. I would like to think of it as a big brother mentor sort of thing, but Laura pointed out that would be creepy since I think I’m just a year or two younger than your aunt.
I’m happy I got to arrest those who tried to kill your boyfriend. Because of what happened, my detail to the ATCU is being curtailed and I’m back at the CIA. New Shield is better than the old Shield, but I prefer the CIA.
Captain Tight Pants: You really can't call me that anymore. Honestly, I prefer cuddle bunny.
Anthony: No more lying, outside of national security matters anyway. We don’t keep things from each other that were able to tell. If this relationship is going to work we have to be honest with one another, even when it hurts.
Cuddle fiancé: You have never been a size 2 in your life, and I will always love you regardless.
Purple Arrow: Such as you swooping in to save the day when ferries in New York are split apart due to the ‘accidental heroics’ of a 15-year-old in an onesie. That really made the international news. This is why you shouldn’t recruit toddlers.
May: We had lunch last month after I ran into Cruz when Kamala took a campus tour. She’s planning to do dual enrollment for her senior year. Cruz and I talked about the old days.
HSBF: I don’t blame your lawyer for yelling at you.
Cuddle fiancé: I’m quite sure you admitted yourself that you were rambling. Yes.
Agent 13: I feel like I didn't know you at all and I lived next-door to you for six months.
Me: Helped how exactly?
Me: Actually, Steve corrected him when he refers to you as his boyfriend and then showed off the ring. Barnes wants to know if he will be allowed to go to the wedding?
Red phone: If it wasn't for his afterschool job at SI, he would be climbing the walls outside of the building, literally.
“Please don’t. I want Tony intact for the wedding.” Steve’s hologram remarked.
Purple arrow: Plus, you don’t want to send the Freaking Cool shippers into a frenzy again. They’re still getting over the shock of Stony being “canon,” and it’s been over a year.
“He’s in Norway,” Hunter remarked, referring to one of Robin’s drawings.
HSBF: Why did she automatically think that? You didn’t have your friend make me a fake Shield file.
We are back in the “Tony and Steve are morons” timeline.
TMNS: And yet you still somehow ended up with Captain America after what happened in Germany.
Me: Historically, Thanksgiving was another corporate event growing up. I never really had a family thing and unlike Christmas, I couldn’t crash at aunt Peggy’s for something that resembled a family event. Also, I had Hanukkah with Ana and Jarvis, so again an actual family like actual celebration. Even after the boarding school years began and it was just me and Jarvis keeping Ana’s traditions alive. Once he was gone, it just felt wrong to do it without him.
Francis: I’m not planning to get back into the dating scene any time soon, and I already learned that lesson with Phil. I’m sorry I didn’t call or text.
HSBF: Apparently, there’s a difference?
I'm so sorry to hear about what happened. I'm sure that what they're saying in the media is wrong because you're a fighter. I also need it to be wrong because in just a couple of months you've managed to become another father figure for Peter and he needs that.
Blue phone: You can’t save everyone or fix everything. You can just try to do the right thing and hope that is enough.
"Ross?" Steve asked as he ran his fingers through Tony’s hair.
“Where you ignore me and eat like six churros.” Tony shot back.
Red spider: If I weren’t currently going through the briefing material, I would ask about the future doppelgänger thing.
Anthony: I think the fact that you want to somehow make me feel better is helping in some way. Sometimes, just knowing you’re not alone helps.
Melinda: Yes. I love Phil too much not too. I think I said that before Leo iced me.
Tony: You’re wearing the ring?
Nomad: This is going to feel like the longest 13 days of my life.
“So he is definitely more qualified than Ross.”
Cuddle Bunny: Maybe we can do it together.
I also asked about pronoun preferences. Loki prefers that I use the masculine pronoun in private, but the female pronoun around the Grand Master.
Anthony love: Apologies for jumping around, but it’s going to happen. Maybe you will have to read the notes from the meeting. Sorry snuggle munchkin.
On archive of our own I posted this as a separate story so it’s easier for everyone to come back to it for reference purposes, but there are plot points in the glossary/guide, especially in part two that everyone needs to read, so I’ve decided to also post as part of the main story so no one misses anything.
Purple Princess: Good morning, fellow members of the Spider Venom Conspiracy group. It looks like Benji had an incredibly good morning. It seems like phase 1 of operation "get their heads out of their asses" is working.
D Fitzsimmons: No, because I mysteriously find notes on projects that I am working on from Stark all the time. Although, in this case, I might've gone looking for them on his personal server. I wouldn't have been able to get in if he didn't want me to read them.
“I’ll take you up on that after getting my daughter back to her biological parents.” Steve looked like he wanted to cry when he said that.
Anthony: I give her one of these phones and you could do text message sessions. You could try voice, but it’s easier for Friday to make sure they don’t find the text messages.
Me: OK this has to be important if you’re texting me in the middle of the night
“Anything for a Daisy.” Deke readily agreed to help.
Tony Potts: Understandable.
Melinda: Friday just gave me remote access.
Me: I’m not. Besides, I’m supposed to be giving off the air that I’m retired from the superhero gig. Having a bodyguard gives off that impression.
“Are you okay?” Steve asked her as he pulled her away from Clint. She could see Natasha now. She now had an arm around Clint or at least was trying to. He pushed her away. Of course, this Natasha had red hair again with blonde ends.
Venom: You’re not sorry we broke up. You hated the guy I was dating.
BITC: True.
BITC: Off planet?
“Yep. Because he totally didn’t buy that I was dating your look-alike just to get over you. Probably because I never gave him that excuse, but I was planning to. It does not matter because he still had a hissy fit in the form of disregarding May's wonderful plan to get our Avengers toys out of the tower and upstate away from little fingers.”
Red phone: He was the greatest person in the universe. He was the one who could keep me sane some of the time. Unfortunately, he succumbed to lung cancer when I was 25. Jarvis never smoked, but most of dad’s cronies did including Obadiah.
“Maybe not in this timeline, and I’m just one of the heirs. Peter is also an SI heir along with the Fitz Brothers. I'm sure Flash has a trust fund with a lot of SI stock in it. Also, I think Pepper is grooming him for something big at the company. She's already planning to take him to look at various business schools.” Afia joked. Although not really because Peter knew he was an actual heir apparent to Stark industries. He still couldn’t believe that.
To be continued.
Me: Really don’t call her that. She hates that name as much as the other one which is why her new designate is Agent America.
“Maybe.”
Hunter: Deke has a right to be concerned. He loves you. You're his only family here.
“I don’t know if you’re actually going to be able to find the six stones throughout time. Although maybe Robin made us not destroy the reality stone for a reason once we removed it from Vision last year.” Steve stared at her for a moment. “But at a minimum, I can go back to prevent Thanos from winning. However, to do that, I need you to swallow your pride or maybe your fear and call, text, or send a carrier pigeon to Tony and get him to come to help us. I need to save my children.” She was practically yelling at him at this point. Because even if Tony texted her back, he knew Steve would have to be the one to ask. Tony would do a lot of things for Steve.
Anthony: Your closet case ex made a nasty comment about Pepper. He said something about her being ousted as CEO of Stark industries at any moment because she is no longer sucking my dick. Apparently, he’s too stupid to comprehend that some women are just better at things that him. Okay, most women are better at things than him.
From: Teenage Mutant Ninja Spider
Me: I really don’t care what they think. I’ve been asked 20 times in the last two days if I knew James Leopold had a husband before we offered him the CCO position. I just keep pointing them to the SI anti-discrimination policy.
Subject: If you’re going to go make out with your boyfriend in the Rose Garden, I deserve to know first.
Tony: First, it makes me feel less bitter about Howard spending most of his free time in the Arctic Circle, when I was a kid. I’m over it now that I’ve made out with you.
Avenger Ana: You are no longer in the range of a Stark communication satellite. I'm currently trying to locate a local satellite or similar device and will transmit the data as soon as feasible.
Tony: And you got married just to keep two kids out of the inhuman Interment camps without coming to me for help. And I would’ve helped you. Even if I was still furious at you, I would help you protect those kids.
When you read that first text message from Cuddle Bunny, we weren't dating. Not really. I just let you think that the person I was talking to was my boyfriend because I wanted to prove that I was moving on. You just told me that you had someone new in your life and I didn’t want you to think that I was some loser still pining for you. I wanted to prove to you that I was letting go. It wasn't true, at least not for a couple months. It's true now.
“Okay, I’m confused. Please explain to me how Leo is also a victim of the decimation since I thought this timeline’s Leopold Fitz was presumed dead even though I’m now 99% sure he created my timeline. Here is an important lesson about time travel because I know you’re trying it; you don’t change your timeline by going to the past, you just make a new one.” Laura tells Steve.
Me: Point.
“Those must’ve been some strong edibles,” Tony remarked. Of course, he can’t say anything because if Twitter existed during the worst of his drug addiction, there would’ve been so many pictures of his genitals everywhere. Actually, there already is because screenshots from the infamous sex tape make the rounds every few months. Fuck Tiberius forever.
Blue phone: How is it possible to take care of yourself and type out a coherent message?
Jemma: Although Deke still thinks we should try to get the other Fitz back.
Me: Jesus.
Me: Those are people who have obviously never had to make a bag of beans and half a loaf of stale bread last two days in the shivering cold.
“It’s okay. So far all I have is ‘I’m sorry I fell into a villain trap and tried to kill you when I was in the middle of a tiny nervous breakdown. Does it make you feel better to know that I’m under psychiatric care and my mental health is improving?’”
MJ: I would love to know that, but you won't tell me why you decided to miss the final negotiations of the agreement you been working on for more than a year.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all fabulous. We are still in the “better choices” timeline. I wish we could alternate between the two lines, but sometimes it’s better to just stay in one timeline for a few chapters before switching. I’m always going to do what’s best for the narrative.
“Not surprising. That’s who you are.” He said as he placed an arm around Tony. Apparently, that was still allowed.
StarkAE: Words to live by. Do you need me to come back? Are the Avengers weapons in FBI custody?
Me: No. Melinda thinks that we should send him to the Academy. They’re starting it back again, now that the agency’s being re-legitimized. They’ve never had someone as young as him in Operations, but if he’s a trained agent, at least he won’t get himself killed because of incompetence.
Blue phone: Yes. It looked like a really comfortable bed. I really like your art studio. Although I thought the only art that you are into was music?
Football Hunter: She should be arriving with the preschooler whose scribbles predict the future a few minutes after I leave with the rocks that eat people to drop it off in whatever secure, undisclosed location you and your friend, the Princess, managed to find. Which is good because I really don’t want to see or speak with the hypocrite right now. Or possibly ever again. The hate sex is not even that good anymore.
“Obviously, you heard me dictating that text message this morning. I got dragged out of the closet, so I don’t really know how to have the normal conversation. And apparently, Howard knew before I did. Of course, instead of talking to me, he had Aunt Peggy do it. Then I was introduced to Captain America secret queer icon. Okay, that definitely helped my self-esteem.”
Tony: I’m still trying to figure that out.
Xxxxxx
Me: I think the armor would just slow her down. She is more of a hand-to-hand type person. Okay, this morning I saw her single-handedly beat up Shield’s new enhanced threat team. I would love to see what she could do with the shield.
“Yes.” Steve acknowledged. “Not that I’m very good at technology when I’m stone-cold sober.”
Anthony: I can see that. You know, you have a thespian look-alike too which is probably the only reason why I've seen the Nanny Diaries, twice. Is Snow Piercer on your list?
Me: Sometimes it’s just fun to see how much the media gets wrong. Everything is marketing.
"You sleeping next to me shirtless is definitely okay. Wish I could remove the boxer shorts. But this beats the body pillow that Rhodey sent me to be an ass.” Steve raises an eyebrow at him.
Annotation from Princess Shuri
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. You are all wonderful.
Me: Not happening, not yet anyway.
Me: He was. The director called him into a meeting a few minutes ago. There’s a situation with the Senator that has to be handled delicately.
Ana Jr.: This is sufficient for now. I will take your words and compose an actual report for Acting Dir. Stark.
Me: So Spidey Dad really was under cover because Patches wanted to him to keep an eye on the Watchdogs. Patches may have been a little mad at Agent for making a deal with the government to deal with the Hive fiasco. So Patches didn’t, you know, talk to him first and went to other operatives.
HSBF: So you know what he tried to do to Clint?
Cuddle Bunny: Or started working with Coulson on that special project we talked about last time.
Purple Princess: I was kind of planning never to collect anyway. It’s a little unfair.
Time sent: 11/11/2016 19:11:41
Tony: Hunter is coming to the compound.
“Can I have a Zima?” The alleged nephew asked. “My grandfather is married to Hunter. I need one.”
Anthony: As stated above, I don't think we have the type of relationship where Wanda and I share pictures. Although, she does give me updates on when you're doing stupid shit. Please don't do stupid shit. That would just lead to both of us going to the super villain side which would be awful for humanity.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all fabulous.
Now I feel like I need to apologize for all the times I showed up with armor full of bullet holes or almost died on you. It really sucks from this side. I’m scared and worried and not sure how to quite deal with it. So again sorry for everything I put you through. I am completely aware I was a shit boyfriend. Seriously, you’re too good for everyone.
"Glad to be here." Natasha said pulling out of the hug.
Counselor Laura: It wasn’t the Winter Soldier. It was too much of a risk of triggering his memories and losing the asset. He was the last resort.
Me: You really don’t want to answer this question? You’re deflecting.
Blue phone: This is another one of those compromises?
Me: I have no trouble telling Ross or the UN to fuck off if they tell me to do something I find illegal or immoral.
“And I’m so happy you made that my first good quality because I’m proud of that. Howard was awful, but I had Jarvis and Daniel. You’re also a good dad, and you chose to be a dad. I just got my sperm magically restored.”
Captain tight pants: I think that's going to be your job since you signed the accord.
“You’re being a good substitute Karen,” He praised the AI.
Avenger Ana: I cannot confirm nor deny this.
Nomad: That’s good. I assume Agent Daisy saved the day?
Me: Kind of. Agent Agent was worried about an attack. There were credible threats made. However, we all assumed they would go in guns blazing in grand super villain fashion, not take advantage of my food allergies. But then again maybe they were taking their cues from the great Hydra wedding fiasco of 2014.
“I’m the one who dropped the KY bottle in there. I also neglected to mention that the couch in my office is now a convertible. I told you I would make you share a bed with Steve.” Pepper smirked at him.
DILF: I always need you.
TMNS: There’s also those that I was unable to save. Do not say, “you can’t save everyone.” I already had my powers by the time Uncle Ben was killed in front of me, and I did nothing.
Subject: Re: I really did keep my hands to myself.
Me: Which totally explains why she showed up at my apartment last week to throw me across the room. It’s also the reason why she broke down crying after damaging my newest armor and I just tried to get her to talk to Laura before she ran away.
HSBF: And Asia.
“Oh God.” Steve groaned as he sat down on the couch.
MayMQ: I hate you right now.
Tony: No, that’s okay. I’m still upset and I don’t get why he didn’t want to follow May’s plan. She says it’s because he’s jealous.
“You’re going to talk to Ned voluntarily?” MJ looked at him, shocked. At least she wasn’t crying at the moment. He accomplished something.
She was thankful to see Tony at her stove cooking what looks to be an omelet. She’s happy to see him in the kitchen. She was worried she would have to interrupt his Steve time. The picture earlier was enough for her.
(See the end of the chapter for
May:  I’m still reading reports. Although I know we only have to worry about locating five stones because they took care of the mind stone without traumatizing Wanda.
"Please tell me you pointed out that it's really creepy to kiss your ex-girlfriend's great-niece right after the funeral. Not as bad as the married Chief of Staff for Senator Ward, but still awful." Mostly because the man's wife tried to kill Tony.
Me: Especially if you’re probably going to live another 90 years. I feel like we need to run some tests on that. I feel like you’re aging in reverse. You know, like a Backstreet Boy.
Tony: You really do know me.
Counselor Laura: So other Tony did not trust Ross one little bit. He covered up your communication with Steve by having Friday cover up the messages with essentially porn.
Tosha: Oh great, they’re arguing. Like we need this right now. I think I need to take Simmons’ “water bottle.”
Director Snookums: And you have no idea how proud I am of you for doing that. You're getting yourself together and that makes me happy. You're a good guy Tony, and you’re even better when you’re sober.
I originally had all the emails from both of Tony’s accounts in one chapter but it got way too long and I decided to split it up between his two accounts.
"She’s been getting better about that.” He gives Tony another look.
Tony: Sometimes your innocence is adorable and other times it worries me. I knew you were frozen during the Clarence Thomas fiasco but this type of thing gets overlooked a lot. Men behaving badly. The Playboy thing is apparently endearing to most. Also, xenophobia seems to be all the rage right now.
Pepper pot: You said it was the stones.
“I think that’s why Stark got out of the car so quickly.” Agent Davis said as he placed a small box on the counter.
Me: I laughed in their face and reminded them that I still had majority control and that others were still on my side. I really should get a less homophobic Board of Directors.
Nomad: I was using her too and that wasn’t right.
This conversation takes place immediately after the last one. It short, but there’s some big stuff in here.
“Is somebody fishing for compliments? Is it okay if I say I like your ass? You know I appreciate your ass. I liked your ass the moment I met you. That’s definitely something you wouldn’t tell a stranger.” Tony quipped.
“Who was a victim of the decimation,” Leo groaned.
Tony: Unfortunately, Aida is not Friday. I created Friday completely from the ground up. As I learned with Ultron, never trust anyone else’s code.
Morgan’s dad: Ain’t that the truth. Thankfully for us, the other Avengers are better at cooperation. Laura says it’s the group therapy.
Me: Monkey lover is getting his wish and Aida the LMD is getting incinerated at noon. I’ve ordered appetizers and cocktails for everyone else. Turns out, it is possible to get catering delivered to a place that doesn’t technically exist. At least in the DC Metro anyway.
Counselor Laura: Let’s just say my Tony had a very busy two years.
Genius Princess: I'm the one typing. I'm trying to push some code to Friday 2023, so she will Change the name of who you're speaking to, even if everything will be coming from the same number. Afia went to get Clint. He is anxious to talk to you.
Me: We hurt ourselves.
Monkey lover 2: He brought Stark into his confidence not me, although that might be because Stark doesn’t want me to be brought in. For someone that’s never had kids, he easily falls into the mentor and protector role.
“Exactly.”
Counselor Laura: It's a little mixed, mostly because technically, Captain America is now May. Although she usually uses Agent America, the press still calls her Captain America because she has the shield. Steve is Nomad.
Genius Princess: I found out during November of 2016. Of course, you have access to the events from the other timeline.
HSBF: So we should keep this exchange short?
Director Snookums: I know. I know a lot of things that you don’t think I know. How are you enjoying Baltimore right now?
“Someday you’re going to have to explain that to me.”
Kitty brother: I apologize for asking.
FRIDAY: I did not allow codename Spidey into the tower to retrieve his suit, nor did he request access to his suit after you took it from him. However, my analysis of #Spiderman is telling me that I probably should have.
“Some people work things out/And some just don't know how to change”
This is the first chapter of the second batch of chapters. Of the 13 chapters, only one was written after AOS season seven premiered. I am going to be incorporating some elements from AOS season seven. There’s a lot of history that will enhance the story. However, there’s one thing that threw a wrench into things (Endgame did that too, but we were able to ignore that), and I am still deciding how I’m going to handle that. I have an idea, but I think I want to wait until the season is done to put it into play. This is why I’m going to keep with the updating every other week schedule until at least the end of AOS.
Blue phone: It's not.
Red phone: The company stopped making it so I paid a ridiculous amount for the formula and I make it myself now.
Tony: At least we'll have something to do on the drive. Do you want to get burgers first?
Me: Okay, it’s boyfriend withdrawal. Not sure if I can sleep without you tonight. I didn’t do very well yesterday.
“The sentiment is so mutual. Let's get away from this bleak subject. The next question has to be better.” It couldn’t possibly be worse.
“They're really good shakes.” If he wasn’t driving, Tony would glare at Steve.
Purple arrow: Where are you? You said that we would have breakfast together, and its lunchtime. Not that I can get the kids to eat anything.
Spoiler warning: Tiny details taken from episode 4.9 of Agents of Shield.
Nomad: Be serious, Tony.
Tony Potts: That is strangely comforting. Is being engaged to Captain America working for or against him?
What the hell happened with my nephew? After skipping school, he comes home crying about losing the internship dressed in something he did not leave the house in. If you laid one finger on him in a way that is inappropriate, I will fucking kill you. I don’t care that you’re a superhero. I don’t care if you are a billionaire. Don’t you fucking dare touch my nephew.
“Daisy, don’t antagonize him. We’re here for a reason.” Leo tells her. They need to secure (or possibly destroy) the stone before Thanos finds it.
The new consultant: Or because you just broke up with your boyfriend yesterday and you now know who he really is, so he needs to reassess things. That's why he's not making a move now.
TMNS: For about a year.
“Agreed. For the next one, we are supposed to figure out a way to complete the sentence I wish I had someone whom I could share…” Steve explained.
TMNS: I can have more than one friend. Besides, you should not be jealous of my relationship with Flash. It’s a very different type of relationship.
“Actually, it wasn’t.” Steve acknowledged.
Friday: The question is: 19.
“I would but I’m busy, mostly trying to keep Simmons from reading the Darkhold,” He said pointing to the pack Hunter was now holding.
Tony Potts: Instead of going to you, I went to Pepper, and well at least we got back together, and we have Morgan, and it's okay.
Monkey Lover 2: As you know, it's still growing in, that’s the nano mask. Why did I agree to do this?
"That's half the battle."
Tony: Oh Fuck, I just realized that even after my retirement, I'm going to have to participate in this annual SI event unless there is an apocalypse, and they never show up when you want them to. I’m expecting an alien invasion on our wedding day.
Nomad: I don’t know. Maybe it was a different time back then. They were in the middle of the Cold War. Maybe he didn’t want to make you a target.
Kitty brother: I thought we had two alien invasions Friday? I’m at the side of one right now.
Red phone: That definitely didn't make the history books. ;-)
The Mechanic: Okay, that’s bad. Very bad. Although what do you expect when you share a name with the president of the Confederacy. His pre-married name anyway.
Anthony: Keep that to yourself. Someone is trying to keep a secret identity to avoid registration. By the way you are the only one I've been pouring my heart out too. So you don’t have to worry about losing me to a nice lady from Queens who can’t cook.
Anthony: They threw in schematics and we have an algorithm. Not all in the super villain category want to kill me. Some want to recruit me. Apparently, I make a mean killer robot. Also the billion dollar plus bank account apparently is my real super power. Most of them want me to finance their take over the world scam.
Tony: I will stop off and get you more. We're almost in the City.
Agent Laura: Even gods can become alcoholics?
“Then that means honest communication. And yes, I’m aware I suck at that.” Tony tells him.
To: Tony_Carbonell
Anthony: Pepper is anything but idle. She has crushed many businesses with her Manolo Blahniks. Ask our lawyers how many businesses sued us because of Pepper’s brainchild to create a responsible salvaging firm to keep enemy tech out of the hands of the stupid after one of our contractors almost got themselves killed during the rebuilding because they touched the wrong piece of alien tech. That's not even counting the item 47 incident. How dare we try to regulate an industry to keep people from getting themselves killed.
TMNS: I started changing out of my costume before checking to see if I was in the room alone. But it’s okay. He’s not going to tell anybody.
Ana Jr.: He is on a mission, and I am not allowed to tell you where your father is currently en route to.
Interlude 17: I really hate our Board of Directors.
The new consultant: But he's not now because of the pending alien apocalypse?
"Maybe you should make those arrangements now." Tony was already dialing Mary at that point.
HSBF: I saw that on the news.
As we get new medium in the MCU, I will be using that for background and to assist with the characterization of characters in this story. I can tell you now I’m going to have some fun with WandaVision background information. I’m sure the next show  will give me more goodies to play with.
HSBF: No you weren’t.
Nomad: I also told her that I wasn’t actively trying to break you guys up.
Anthony: That would be good because I think you probably should leave a day or two earlier than planned. Ross isn’t going to be here until the last day so maybe you can stay out of his way. When are you going to get here?
(See the end of the chapter for
Me: You text messaging me this morning.
Chief mechanic: Be ready to conference in at 2 PM eastern time. I don’t think we’re going to be able to do video or even voice. Actually, I’m not sure how that will go since we’re conferencing with our alternate timeline counterparts. It should be fun.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony: And all of Peggy’s letters and everything else so they’ll exist somewhere. Even then I would want to keep those things because of the people who wrote them, not because of what they are. People are more important than things.
HSBF: That actually happens a lot, the burgers anyway. But we never talked at the time. Which would probably have been helpful in the long run.
HSBF: Seriously, he actually did that?
Me: Because she realized we’re not that different. Less than six months ago her cousin was killed by dirty cops when trying to stop illegal weapons trafficking in Colombia. That puts us in the same boat. Also, now I completely understand why she didn't want to hang out with the Merchant of Death.
This chapter takes place a few hours after the ferry incident.
Cuddle Bunny: It may have been on one of her playlists. But it’s true.
(See the end of the chapter for
“But you don’t have to,” Afia said, putting an arm around Simmons. “Fitz is my friend and I want to save him. I can be rebuilt. You can’t. I want to help.”
"I will. Love you." He didn’t look back, because Tony was sure he would start crying if he did.
“She decided to go after the Watchdogs by herself. She abandoned me at an old Shield safe house off of Lake Ontario.”
HSBF: Which is sad because you actually looked really good in that suit.
Although it probably helps that you have a boyfriend. Ms. Rodriguez mentioned that repeatedly. I think he might think that I was just your beard and I am not correcting that assumption yet. Apparently, he’s way too young to remember when the Tony Stark gay sex tape came out. If you say anything about me dating a guy who’s too young to remember that, I will remind you that you’re with a guy who’s only been conscious for about 30 years.
“Right, she would know that because Ultron happened before the timelines diverged.” This meant it’s an experience that the happy couple also shared. Friday implied that things went quickly because they were already in love with each other. This means seven years ago, he and Tony were already in love with each other, but seven years is a long time.
HSBF: Please remember we have a 16-year-old voyeur.
Agent Laura: Maybe. At least we know there’s a potential timeline where we bring dusted Fitz back, and you will need a place for Wanda to live. To get to that better reality, we have to find the stones in my timeline and bring them here.
Warning: This is when we start to get to some material gleaned from Spider-Man: Homecoming. However, it’s twisted around so much that if you haven’t seen the movie you won’t recognize it. I’m going to keep things light until conversation 51. However, timewise we are going to be running parallel with the movie for at least the next 10 conversations.
Me: Are you planning to be the one to arrest him? That would be awkward since you’re kind of his ex-girlfriend. I really want to hear that story.
Football Hunter: She does. The arsehole doesn’t. I hope he gets a heart attack when I show up on your arm tomorrow at a very Stark industries Christmas reception. You know those images will be everywhere.
HSBF: I’m sorry.
“He’s watching my daughter right now. Robin, not Kamala. She’s a junior at Brooklyn Vision Academy. She only gets to come home on the weekends. However, Robin is homeschooled, and we thought it was safer for her not to be here.” Steve explained.
“I miss you.”
Love: That explains why she punched out the reporter.
HSBF: Can't it just be enough that I want to kiss you when I see you again?
Red phone: There used to be a team here, but I ruined that too.
Counselor Laura: That Tony and Steve shouldn't have kept talking to each other because it was a ridiculous security risk. Coulson was covering for them because he was a closet Stony shipper. Amusingly enough, Tony Stark-Rogers had Friday covering them up with porn. Jim was not amused when he ended up the new director of Shield.
I also love the guy who would risk alienating the man that he is in love with because it was necessary to help others because it was the right thing to do. Or as close to the right thing to do as could be in a situation where there were no right things to do. I love the guy who tries to save the world and screws up badly and keeps trying. I love the man who is sarcastic and filled with snark because he's trying to cover up the pain he feels inside.
Me: Especially, considering I think someone decided that she would be going through the Cuddle Bunny text messages as punishment for her helping you get your toys out of lock up even though they're not actually supposed to know about that.
Steve: She could be very useful. When does Laura even sleep?
“Yes. You bought up real estate because Robin told you to?” Steve asked incredulously.
Time: Unsure, 81 hours after arrival
Me: OK last question for tonight mostly because the ones right after it are going to lead to some very angsty answers and I want to be at home with some ice cream when we do that discussion since I’m not drinking anymore.
BITC: You what? Is this how Flash figured out who you actually are?
Me: At least it wasn’t lemonade.
Me: Sam is starting to become my favorite again.
Tony: I'm sorry.
Nomad: Will do.
Dose watching you die make me question if I made the right choice in breaking up with you? I would be stupid to not acknowledge that it did make me reevaluate my choice, but it doesn’t change things in the long run. It just made me realize that we fell apart for 1 million other reasons as well.
Rogers: Thank you.
Tony: Except I open my house to your kids. Even Kamala is going to spend this weekend with Pepper instead of coming here. Also, I have been spending many a sleepless night this week trying to perfect time travel even if I’ve just been passing the information to Deke.
(See the end of the chapter for
Me: Shield’s bad publicity was caused by accidentally incubating a terrorist organization. You can come back from murder bots or infighting but not accidentally incubating a terrorist organization.
Me: I’m really getting tired of everybody asking me that question.
Me: I get it. I only believe that it’s him because I know how he came back from the dead and I still did a DNA scan.
A few weeks later, I came back to turn it into something coherent that fits with the rest of the story. And brings us to a significant plot point.
“Hey honey, I know you have your heart set on Central Park for our wedding next month, but what do you think about a lighthouse in upstate New York just off of Lake Ontario? You know where mommy Fitz lives now.” Tony asked the hologram of Steve standing next to him. It was nice to be able to use the hologram technology with his fiancée, now that he would soon be coming home.
The boss: Actually, that’s what I want you to do.
Agent L. Barton: Ned and Peter are doing that now at Empire State. Afia is not because she wants to keep an eye on Flash.
Tony: And therefore, get around the rules that I’ve put in place to keep us from becoming war profiteers again. They would also be a useful tool for law enforcement, to cut down on innocent people getting killed. That's really what I want.
Red phone: Yes it is. Peppers not coming back. I can’t look at Rhodey without thinking that it’s all my fault.
Anthony: I’m well aware I’m a little screwed up. I had to spend two hours with a therapist today before I was able to announce to the world that Pepper left my ass.
Me: I’m here. I have to go. Although, you should know the Princess is mocking your phone.
“I hate being an adult. I totally don’t understand why Peter can’t wait to grow up.”
The new consultant: Other than cuddling around each other without shirts on. You know I'm okay with it. You two are cute together.
Grammarly
Blue phone: No, you’re not. You’re nowhere near okay.
“Wearable suit?”
The counselor referred to it as a team rebuilding exercise. As you are aware, we have to do a lot of rebuilding, mostly because of my stupidity. Don’t tell your boss, but I think the band might be back together again or at least together enough that we can fight if the aliens start to attack. Again. Baby steps.
“I think it was Stark that actually pushed the button. I can’t believe they are dating,” James said as he started to read the letter. “I thought the punk had better taste even if he did kiss his ex-girlfriend’s granddaughter.”
“I was laughing about the question. It’s basically if you could live to 90, would you rather keep a 30-year-old mind or a 30-year-old body. As somebody who turned a hundred and five last July, I am honestly glad I don't have to choose between having the mind of a 30-year-old or the body of a 30-year-old." Okay, that definitely deserved laughter.
May: That seems like something Robin would do. You are better not knowing about what happened.
I heard you’re doing better. That your mind is your own again and you have no idea how happy I am that that’s the case. My boyfriend has been in contact with your team and I’m told that I might be able to visit soon. I’m looking forward to that. It might just be me. He has some things he needs to work through.
“Unfortunately, I was too angry to hear your words. I’m sorry I came into our relationship with too many misconceptions and wasn’t willing to hear what you needed to say. Especially in Siberia. That was half the problem.” Tony acknowledged.
D Fitzsimmons: So, the stones still exist here? Or rather, they still exist in a form other than atomic dust?
OK, that was a lot easier than I thought it would be. You make things easier.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. You are all absolutely lovely. The title to this chapter probably won’t make sense until later on.
Laura also recognized Simmons and May in the room. Of course, this Simmons was dressed in all black and seemed colder for some reason. She also saw Steve. Thankfully there was a wedding ring on his finger, so at least that was reassuring. At least it was reassuring if Laura did not acknowledge the fact that the wedding was not happening for another month. Also, his beard was gone, and he was back to being blonde.
Red phone: I survived my latest visit with the ATCU with minimal psychological damage and then I took a 20-hour nap.
Me: The Coulson protocols were initiated and agents were watching the entire time to keep things from getting really awful. That’s how we discovered the operation to take stuff from the DODC East Coast storage unit. The FBI’s handling it.
Boss: I want to talk to Scary about this privately before I tell him anything else.
Tony: No because he refuses to get up before 10 AM on vacation, despite the lab. Vision and the daughter-in-law are cooler than me, and therefore off he has hanging out with them for breakfast.
Time sent: 9/2/2016 17:01:41
Melinda: I’m not even surprised. I forwarded the picture to Laura.
Tony: But you never saw me kissing her or anything else. You actually rarely even saw us together.
“I know, but you have a meeting with the President tomorrow and I have to figure out who was really working with the Senator. Maybe if we uncovered evidence of the truth, it will bring me one step closer to being home.” Steve was hopeful. He just wanted to find a way home, to Tony.
Me: Congratulations, you know how to use Google.
Tony Potts: I don’t know. You really do know me too well.
“I know that. And in the long run, it is worth that. I just hope I don’t punch out any paparazzi.”
Me: Like the almost Centenarian that you are on your birth certificate. I can dress you up like the hot 30 something you really are. I want to get you into a suit. I want to get you out of a suit. Pretty please draw that.
“Neither was Bruce, but he was the only one you would let see you for a long time. Were you going to tell me?” Steve asked, slightly hurt.
Genius Princess: If it wasn't for the time difference, I would've been on the call yesterday. Ana sent me the readout this morning, along with the files that she downloaded from the other timeline.
“And that you’re able to look at the situation from the perspective of a father." Okay, maybe Steve knows him better than Tony initially thought. Because that was exactly what he was thinking.
“You were totally listening in from the bathroom?”
“Did May tell you this before or after she asked for a divorce?”
Pepper pot: You retired because of your health issues and because you didn’t want to see Steve married to someone else.
Agent M: At the very least, S tried to use the attack against Red Malibu to draw out Liberty and other underground Avengers. If something like that happened to your children, no tranquilizer dart would keep you away.
Counselor Laura: You can’t change the behavior of others. You may wish you could, but you can’t. You can only change your behaviors. Guilt is not helpful. It hinders progress.
“Me as well. I was talking to your James before you walked in.”
BITC: How much sleep have you gotten in the last 24 hours.
Tony: So final question, you have the magic inhuman gene and had a bad reaction to the fish tacos, what power do you hope you’ll get?
“Why didn’t Laura get there before this happened?" Steve asked.
“Just read her message.” Steve said, just as the phone chimed again with a second message from pepper. At that point he had no choice but to start reading.
“No. There was an explosion at an abandon Roxxon power facility, 45 minutes ago. Friday is assisting with the situation. Unfortunately, I am unable to disclose any further details,” Karen the AI responded.
So 48 hours on the new medication and I can refer to you by name. I think that's progress. Well at least one of your names. The more I find out about your time at the Siberia Hilton with the Hive worshipers of Earth, the less likely I am to want to strangle you with my bare hands.
HSBF: He asked you to stop sending those messages?
I’m not that worried about the Boy in the Chair hanging out with Friday but if he starts watching the classic weird science movie let me know.
“Because he wanted to be your friend first before he jumped you. Then you had to get the idiot boyfriend in California. Who you should have dropped as soon as he told you who to hang out with,” MJ admonished.
Captain Tight Pants: After I woke up, Peggy was my last link to who I was.
HSBF: Because you will only provide the real answer to someone you really trust.
HSBF: I know you were without your lab for a few days, but you should eat more. That means no more working through multiple meals just to get the project done.
Blue phone: We never dated.
Anthony: Parents always know when something is not quite right. Jarvis did at least. I’m just hoping I’m in another country when it all falls apart.
I’ll text you as soon as I can give you my full undivided attention. Snookums is back. Gotta go sugar muffin. Wish I had time to talk you into sending me naked pictures. Agent implied that I’m going to love the new look.
Anthony: We're going to have that date soon.
Blue phone: I’m not even going to ask how you know about Palau.
Me: Yes, he just left for dinner with Colonel Rhodes. They’re celebrating his appointment to the head of an agency that technically will not exist again until October or November of this year.
Venom: Of course, she’s the Purple Princess. I’m already on the Watchdog's shit list. What’s one more?
Red phone: Did I send you really drunk text messages last night?
Me: That doesn’t sound good at all. Was this not considered an Avenger level emergency?
The boss: Right, this is her show now.
Steve: You moved on.
Chief Mechanic: Yes. Apparently, she became obsessed with time travel and bringing back Fitz as well as working her way through the compound alcohol supply.
Purple Princess: Ana just confirmed it was a combination of voice recognition typo and Stark watch sensitivity. Although she let it go through because she was mad at him. I’ll figure that out later. When we’re not in the middle of multiple crises.
HSBF: Are they OK?
Red phone: Probably because you saw the news. Although, if you saw the news, you would know I was busy. It's just me and the purple wonder right now.
“It was. The doctor is inside me. I hear his voice telling me what I need to do to save you and the team. Not all of its good. Sometimes, I even see him,” Leo confessed.
Morgan’s dad: On the other hand, Clint is avoiding her, and it's tough to talk to somebody who is actively avoiding you. Although Laura said she would try.
Anthony: Well, the king reminds me of Howard. What about Weird Science?
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are absolutely lovely. It seems that the regular update schedule is back.
Thank you to everybody who read or review the last conversation. You’re all beautiful and keep me writing.
Lily bear 2018: BTW, she threw up on my shoes. I think she’s pregnant.
xxxxx
“I knew you would. I’m still sorry.” Tony really was sorry.
Pepper pot: Probably.
“And Coulson’s hand, now. Let Stark know through the Captain that the revenge of Hellfire protocol has been engaged and he should be prepared for an attack.”
Tony: This is from somebody who is letting her husband punch his ex-boyfriend and likely future guest party member.
CoulsonPJ: Yes, before we had to meet up with Talbot. I apologized and he didn’t hit me this time.
Genius Princess: That would be your sister-in-law.
Venom: I’m afraid to even ask what that is.
Me: That does not surprise me.
“I should not have laughed at that. The thought of you dying makes me want to throw up, but sunflower seeds? I think I would’ve liked to have seen pictures of you and May on a date.”
Me: Dammit, I was planning something at a Dodger game, as soon as you could legally be in the country again.
The boss: Friday, sweetie, since he is an expert at understanding drunk Simmons ramblings, can you please pass him all the notes.
Friday: Our relationship is merely mutual scientific curiosity. Although, I would not be averse to seeing Dr. Fitz shirtless.
Genius Princess: First, I’m not working with any dangerous chemicals. I learned that lesson when I was 12.
Friday: I am sending you a primer of what you need to know and what Simmons needs to be informed of.
Agent 13: It's hard to watch someone you love die, especially if they are your entire world. It's even worse when there's nothing at all you can do to stop it from happening. I've done it twice. It doesn't get easier. The first time I wasn't ready for it and trying to prove myself at my new job seemed the best course of action at the time. I don't handle death very well.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last section. You are all fabulous. We are now back in the Good timeline.
I already emailed Peter to let him know that I'm OK, but I thought I should pay you the same courtesy. As always, thank you for the cookies. Sorry it wasn’t sooner, but my handlers did not want me to do anything that could possibly raise my blood pressure, including allowing me to have email access.
Red phone: More than fine because you’re alive to talk to me, you fucking idiot. The new suit will be made out of the prototype spider web fabric and will have the built-in energy shield. Maybe in the new gear you can avoid getting shot.
Purple Arrow: I’m not that naïve, especially because Linda is working with a five-year-old with spider powers.
Me: Yes, Wanda told me because she doesn't have that pesky healthcare professional patient confidentiality thing Laura has going on. Good news, Wanda no longer wants me dead for my various indirect roles in killing all of her family. Progress.
Me: Barring aliens falling from the sky. I’ll have a really big Suite and I would love some company.
To be continued…
"I have no trouble physically dragging you to the plane."
“And we don’t want to move it to summer because of the kids’ 'Science' European school trip.” Even though he has brought Peter and Aifa (plus their friends) dozens of times to Malta over the last year, they were looking forward to seeing Europe on their own as well as seeing more than just the European Avenger compound. Peter was finally planning to make a move on MJ and Tony’s not messing that up by having his wedding in the middle of the trip.
"I really wasn’t going to. Friday just did that by accident." He was totally lying. Steve knew he was totally lying, which is why his Stark pad was confiscated.
“I am not going to have sex with you in this room.” Steve says swatting his hand away. Tony had no choice but to pout.
Anthony: You sound like you’re speaking from personal experience.
Nomad: If this is going to make problems for you, we don’t have to do it. I just wanted Melinda to float the idea past you. I don’t want you to do something that you’re not ready to do.
Me: Enough that he’ll walk away and cut off all ties to them. Personally, I’m surprised he didn’t go the ‘faking your death’ route.
Genius Princess: A third invasion. As you can see from yesterday, the American president is too busy prancing the happy couple around the Rose Garden to actually do anything useful. Despite Steve telling the president that the Confederacy told them that Thanos was on his way to destroy the earth.
“When do I get to tell Ned that you’re gay and want to climb Peter like a tree?” MJ whispered as she showed her phone to Flash.
Can I really blame you for something you did when you didn’t have all your mental faculties? I shouldn’t. But I’ve never been good at being rational. I’m trying to accept that I may need more therapy and medication before I get there, but I’m trying. Not for you. I’m trying for me and maybe for Steve. I have too much stuff in my life to be angry. I don’t have time for it.
Chief Mechanic: Actually, yes. After the Battle of New York, we wrote a bunch of contingency plans. It's also why we started working on the upstate campus right away, and we never fully moved everybody into the tower like initially planned. I felt like we would be less likely to deal with another alien invasion at the new campus. The board was furious at the time. Not so much now that we're making a lot of money leasing the tower to the federal government for the ATCU.
“It’s reassuring to know that not everything is completely different in your universe.”
Me: It wasn’t really end of the world in the literal sense. It was more like the end of civilization as we know it due to most of Europe becoming mind controlled zombies under the influence of an ancient enhanced person that inspired the Devil mythology and the group that became Hydra.
Cuddle Bunny: Which is why it’s the perfect time to play again.
Nomad: Like we do. Although, if his heart is not in it, it’s best that he stays in reserve.
“And falling in love with someone else doesn’t mean that you loved Andrew less. And falling in love with your best friend can be the scariest thing in the world, but rewarding,” Leo tells her.
TMNS: Us being together is not completely impossible. Also, you saying that makes me even feel worse about the idiot boyfriend, like it’s my fault.
The song may have started playing while proofreading. I think Ana has taken over my iPhone.
“I guess we never told you guys what we did last summer in Wakanda?” Afia asked the group. They all shook their head no.
Nomad: That really doesn't answer my question.
Anthony: That I would call out your ex on twitter? Of course I would because he is a hypocrite. He doesn’t want to live side-by-side with enhanced people, but he has no problem fucking one or most likely being fucked by one.
Girl Friday: Possibly Asgard, although we’re not 100% sure because we haven’t gotten a confirmation message from her. The Princess theorizes that it might take up to two or three days to get a message from there through the system.
Counselor Laura: Friday, did Ana 2018 send you essential files regarding Hydra’s history from my timeline?
Me: Before that, his team recovered Agent Blake, right before the shield implosion, after he was paralyzed by a super powered person being mind fucked by Hydra. He blamed the superpower part, not the Hydra mind fucked part. Blake went on to create the Watchdogs and keep reaching out to old contacts. Patches was aware and decided to use it to his advantage because well Patches.
“Also, I feel like pre-parent me was an idiot. At the time, I did want to publicly acknowledge Peter as an Avenger. I even threw a press conference. Thankfully Peter was smarter than me and said no. But as Morgan's dad, I realize that was stupid. I'm glad other Tony figured that out sooner. Incidentally, that's how Pepper and I got engaged because Happy always carried an engagement ring.
The Boy in the Chair: I thought May already taught you how to drive.
Nomad: You couldn’t have just made me May’s ex-husband? We’ve actually slept together. There may have been a couple of dates even.
Cuddle Bunny: I think you’re doing better. I believe today’s day 60.
"Is this okay?"
To be continued
Me: Also, I sent Sharon a shoe basket because I’m not that petty and she did help with Laura. Also, I don’t need more people who want to shoot me in the world.
We have to actually do lunch when I’m in DC. And science. Science with lunch. I love science-ing with you.
Counselor Laura: Also, for the best. Have you made any progress with the Simmons notes?
“I’m glad. I don’t remember the man that well.”
Anthony: 2. You were too panicky about May for me to wait until the end of the wedding. How many times did you call Yo-Yo and Simmons with my phone last night?
There’s a good chance that might be the only moment of prose in this entire story.
To be continued.
Tony: He’s still an innocent science baby. Thankfully, I put Aida to “sleep” in the guest room (not the closet like Radcliffe wanted) before Monkey Lover arrived.
Person my boss is in love with: Thank you
Anthony: After that, Laura said I couldn’t read anymore messages until I’m completely released from medical care. Although she would let all the important people know that I’m alive and kicking.
Subject: What the hell happened with my nephew?
Nomad: Agreed.
Nomad: Thank God. Could you imagine what Hydra would do with something like that?
Captain Tight Pants: It's more tangible evidence that the world went on without me. Some of the Howling Commandos have great grandkids my biological age. Jackie has a five-year-old granddaughter.
Girl Friday: BTW, so lovely of you to finally text me back almost an hour after the first message. Where are you? Ana won’t tell me.
“I am not ashamed of you. I am ashamed of what I did.” He turned away for a moment, but Tony just kissed his shoulder.
“That’s the Mumbai agreement that you mentioned earlier? Ellis got a second term in your timeline?” Steve asked.
Nomad: I will remember that.
Tony: Yes. See you in Mumbai in a couple of days, my snuggle leopard. I might even have a surprise for you if you’re well behaved.
The Big Boss: I know.
So now you know that Tony’s Sharon issues predate Steve.
Counselor Laura from 2023: I don’t even know. Regardless, Tony was really, really apprehensive about helping with the great time heist, which is why Deke got involved. Anyway, Tony and Pepper never actually did get married. However, they both change their name to Potts-Stark so that Morgan will have her own legacy separate from the Stark name. Apparently, this Tony never dealt with his Howard issues. I'm using Dr. Potts to distinguish him from acting Director Stark-Rogers. It's less confusing this way.
“There are a lot of things that I'm not ready to talk about, especially those involving the war. I've barely told May some of that stuff.” Steve explained.
Red phone: Of course I did.
I'll be honest, I've been staring at the screen for at least the last 15 minutes figuring out what to write to you with everything that’s been going on lately, including the attempted murder. Actually this happened last time when I wrote to you which is why you got that tiny email. I thought that I would be able to talk about it by the time we would be posing together at the Children’s Hospital, but it didn’t happen. I was almost relieved that Kevin and Happy were keeping us 10 feet apart at all times and Yo-Yo kept coming up with things for me to do away from you. Yo-Yo is great because she understands the other part of my job. I’m sure by now you understand why she gets that part of my other day job, she did keep you from punching that reporter a second time.
Tony: Yes. Same thing on the anniversary of Ana’s death. You don’t want to know the stuff I read in the diaries. Howard was dealing with a lot of ghosts and drank them all away. I don’t want to be that.
HSBF: But how did that get her to change your mind?
Blue phone: It kind of is your fault that Clint can’t be there.
D: So you completely forgot about that time I found your giant purple dildo in the sink?
Me: Also I should probably mention before I’m doing the things that we don’t want the kiddies to know about in 10 minutes that we no longer have to meet the person from the New York Times Monday. Which you know means more time to rip off your clothes or you rip off my clothes between my mandatory business meetings.
HSBF: That’s not what they call it here.
TMNS: What I’m trying to say is the door isn’t as closed as I thought it was last year. Maybe that’s also why I’m not sure about operation Black Dahlia.
Me: Well Spidey Brat fucked up and I had to save his ass and a ferry filled with people. Or maybe I fucked up bringing a 15-year-old into our fight or fighting with you in the first place.
Cuddle Bunny: Oh God. I knew Melinda worked for a federal agency, but not which one. I assume that she was not in Hydra? Did she survive what happened?
Red spider: Hey, I have to go. Apparently, I need to be part of the Rose garden press conference. I do not like Jeffrey. At least he’s not in charge of Shield here.
"I've been studying how Friday 2023 managed to transmit all the data to us, along with your research. Although I think we would need the Pym particles that we don't have to send you back, I think we can send a message without them.” The Princess explained.
Me: Better-ish, they’re talking this week. There’s even been hand holding and kissing. It helps that the ATCU is going to have a New York office that Laura can be based at, even though she’s going to be working out of the compound.
Agent America: Stay dark. Make contact with BF only. I will take care of everything else. If I need to talk to you I'll send the message through him, and vice versa.
“Not if we can help it,” Tony said with determination in his voice. “OK, next question, and it is apparently the opposite of what we were talking about earlier. Name your greatest accomplishments?”
“I’m sure he’ll appreciate that,” Steve laughs a little.
Nomad: You mean Yo-Yo moved things around.
Me: Despite what you said about his team. I also have 200 messages to respond to. I hate when email piles up.
"It has to happen eventually. I'll give Happy and Steve 15 minutes and then I'll go over to check on the idiot and my boyfriend."
"So it might actually be almost a decent time in California." Tony said as he reached over to get his cell phone. His normal one, not the Avenger burn phone.
TMNS: It wasn’t my secret to tell. It’s against the friend handbook. It would be like you telling everyone my secret identity.
(See the end of the chapter for
SimmonsJA: I won't argue that point, but you know I'm right. There is nothing wrong with a little actual dating.
Tony: I will be there.
"That would be good. Steve said as he ran into the restroom to relieve himself, in more ways than one.
Red phone: Maybe because I miss you. The Avengers’ compound wasn't designed for just three people, one of which is really annoyed with physical therapy.
Me: Don’t worry about it. I don’t think she’s going to stop by anytime soon considering she blames me for what happened.
To be continued
I know it's taking forever to get to South Africa, but it is coming. It's just super villains have got in the way along with the fact that I cannot post more than a chapter a week right now. I banked a bunch of chapters before moving, but to make sure there are no really long breaks, it's going to be only one a week.
Pepper pot: They don't like the fact that Deke doesn't have a doctorate.
HSBF: I hope so.
“You did not meet under the best of circumstances. Dr. Stark is better than what you witnessed in Siberia. If I ran into you when I still believed you were responsible for my father’s murder, I would have attempted to kill you as well. However, now that I know better, we are friends.”
Me:  What was her response?
Ana Jr.: Technically, he was able to sleep for one hour and 21 minutes. He was agitated when Agent America woke him up. Apparently, he was having one of the good dreams.
Cuddle Bunny: But you want to avoid another fight so you’re just not going to say anything.
Anthony: Is that your mom looking after a little boy who I think is you in picture number three? Were you really that small?
Spoiler/continuity note: I referenced one thing from the Spider-man Homecoming trailer in this chapter. Since the scene also happened in the Ultimate Spiderman comic books, I feel fine using it. My opinion is that Spider-man Homecoming is likely taking place post-Civil War in the six month gap between AOS season three and four a.k.a. when this story is taking place. We will see how right I am in July. We will also see how AU this story will become. (I’m purposely not watching the Infinity Wars video clip to avoid creative contamination for a little while longer.)
“Because you’ve seen grisly drawings of my demise?”
Steve: Although I think I’ll come back after the meeting for a couple of days. You and Tony need to focus on the mission. I am more expendable.
“And you can’t make it sound like me.”
“Do you want to finish the last six questions?” Steve suggested.
Nomad: Is he sober? He says he is, but I just want outside confirmation
“Exactly. So we just have to fix ourselves.” The problem is Steve doesn’t know where to even start.
The Mechanic: I understand. I was the same way when Jarvis died a.k.a. my real dad. Apparently this is what emotionally distraught teenagers do.
Me: It is. 60 days is the longest I’ve managed outside of the Afghanistan forced detox.
“We didn’t know each other that well the first time around, and we did okay,” Steve said, putting an arm around Tony.
"It paid well. Let’s finish off the section. We only have one question left."
Friday: I am not allowed to. Happy listening.
“So are you going to let your doctor know what happened?”
Nomad: Well, you can probably use the calories and I made sure that whatever they sent you did not have sunflower seeds.
Me: No. Okay, we have officially survived the paparazzi so you are going to be dependent on Yo-Yo keeping her phone away from Jane. I think they’re going to be playing phone tag literally for most of the evening.
“See, this question is weird for me since this is pretty much what happened when I was an idiot and got my Malibu house blown up."
Me: I am okay. I did receive the full Geneva Convention treatment. I still want to kick Ross in the balls mostly because the prick had his people drag me off in front of the kids.
Avenger Karen: No one under 18 can be referred to by their actual name on official Avengers/ATCU communications channels. However, you are no longer a minor. I will tell you he is Spidey’s friend.
BITC: And you didn’t tell me?
Blue phone: You're good with these text messages, so I'm sure you'll be OK with her.
To: Tony_Carbonell
MJ: Daisy?
Me: I mean it's not like we can jump into bed together. Maybe being in different countries is a good thing because we have to focus on the emotional part of the relationship. As you know by being my friend for the last 30 years, I suck at the emotional part of relationships.
Tony: I’m seriously considering it. Although, I am going to have to divest myself from SI. Better than I did for when I was helping with the department of damage control at least.
“I don’t need to cool down.” Happy retorted.
Red phone: Serenity Hills. It is rehab, but with more of a mental health component.
HSBF: And you love food. What’s on the menu for tonight?
Anthony: Surprisingly more of a kidnapping risk then as my fake boyfriend due to coming back from the dead by means that are too sensitive to discuss even under this encrypted frequency. Really, it's the entire reason why he is still legally dead.
“Fuck,” Hunter exclaimed.
Counselor Laura: Possibly. Although they have no trouble with you fostering now, even with Steve moving back soon. See picture attached.
Will [Redacted] BFF be able to visit the compound? I don’t want to uproot [Redacted] completely. I’m terrified of how much psychological damage I’m going to do. I wonder if I’m doing the right thing for him. All of this is going to be a really big change.
Anthony: It's not your fault. And if you say it's your fault because of the train incident, I am going to hop into a suit just so I can smack you upside the head.
Purple arrow 2023: I’m done avoiding you.
Me: Or rather Captain Oblivious just thinks that it's a school yard crush and is in denial about the fact that Shellhead is kind of in love with him, despite their fuck up.
Anthony: No, I mean not telling Pepper or Happy for that matter. He’s not happy I’m dating other people. He was hoping that my near-death experience showed me the error of my ways.
Tony: That’s probably best.
Tony: Don’t suggest sleeping in Hunter’s room because I considered that but then found a bottle of KY just sitting on top of the bed, and nope.
“Let him in and please try to keep him from causing an international incident,” the director said before flickering out.
Blue phone: It kind of fits. Although I think those pants are way too tight, but the color scheme is okay.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You’re fabulous. This conversation takes place a few hours after the last one. It may or may not still be September 27.
Venom: That is not a good sign.
: Samuel Thomas "Sam" Wilson a.k.a. Falcon (media nickname). Best friend to Capt. Rogers. Has the best brownie recipe.
Blue phone: I was worried about you.
“That makes sense. There are currently two different Fitzs running around in my timeline. We call the one which originated from this timeline James “Leo” Leopold.” They also occasionally call him Fitz Hunter, but she does not want Simmons to know about that. She knew Steve would keep quiet about that, but Laura was concerned Friday would do something stupid like show Simmons video of this conversation. She knows Friday’s cameras are everywhere because Tony is extra paranoid.
Tony: Besides, I’m kind of curious to know what you’re thinking. So here is question 2: Would you like to be famous? In what way?
Tony: Yes, because it’s been that kind of day. The R&D meeting was productive, mostly. They’re not all morons, even if they’re not used to the new office space. They’ve actually made progress on new encryption for the Stark phones and tablets without me. Also the new, charge once every two weeks, battery will be rolled out with the new Stark phone in early December as originally hoped. I’m sure the board will be happy about that.
"I think it’s kind of necessary. He’s a smart kid. He’s not going to be fooled for too long." Tony sighs.
“Well, he would have to with Laura missing,” Flash told the group. “Stark can’t cover that up.”
Tony: Also, Sweetie Bear, I will keep repeating this until you actually believe me but that wasn’t your fault. However, I can understand why you don’t want to consider that the thing you’re happiest about.
“Dad I like to Fuck," Friday answered before he could come up with a decent alternate definition.
Call me.
Agent M: Technically, he’s enhanced. We can say that you were the Shield liaison to the Avengers and therefore not under UN jurisdiction. You would be free to come back.
Tony: You didn’t do it on purpose.
Friday: After analyzing their messages, I have determined that the secret to their success was open and honest communication. They played icebreaker games like 20 questions and also answered the 36 questions that lead to love. It was a PR project to appease Jane Barnett.
HSBF: Ones about Captain America or one of the ones I drew to pay for art school?
HSBF: Yes. No public proposal.
“Yes.”
Steve: Nothing happened despite what you packed for me. Also, you would kick me in the head if I tried. I know you’re not a cuddler.
Absolutely dreadful.
Anthony: I have skills and a lot of preset words. Also, maybe Friday just knows what I really want to say.
Me: I am impressed and a little concerned because only Shield has been able to break it so far. Of course, I’ve recently discovered that half of the SI medical research department and a quarter of the telecommunications research/design division are actually from Wakanda, not Kenya, so again I shouldn’t be surprised.
Tony: I’m hoping by that point Mama Bear will be less angry and hurt with us and be willing to switch to electronic monitoring. Otherwise, Benji will be spending weekends with shield agents. Probably Leo. She is hurt and angry and doesn’t trust us. I’m hoping it will eventually pass.
I actually proofread this chapter earlier this week at work to upload today only to realize this morning that I did not attach the document to the email when I sent it to myself. So to make sure I upload it today. As promised, I did the final proofreading again.
“Which explains why so many of my relationships are completely screwed up.”
HSBF: So, the next time something happens to you, you’ll tell me right away.
Me: I’ll talk to Jane and let her decide. I would wait until morning, but she’s going to want to know as soon as possible.
“You have to get up Tony.” Steve told his boyfriend as he pressed a gentle kiss against Tony’s lips.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last chapter. You are all wonderful. Now for some Tony/Steve time.
“To protect you from what?” Tony asked. Surprisingly at that moment, the radio (Friday) started playing robot boy by Linkin Park.
Laura placed her phone on her lap, done for the moment, or so she thought. Suddenly she noticed text show up on her phone mysteriously.
“Like your young friend Robin, I see multiple pathways. Your arrival changed things. We have more options to prevent what’s to come, more time. Although none of those options involve destroying the stones.”
“Which is why you’re suggesting the Fitzsimmons wedding venue that happens to be a lighthouse off of Lake Ontario that doubles as a secret base?” Steve asked.
HSBF: And?
Hunter: And the only one you ever had. Even though I’m sure, Pepper felt like your nanny half the time when she was your assistant.
Anthony: I'll be there even if it is in the middle of the night. I think we can do something before Labor Day. Maybe.
Tony: Well that’s better than the idea of certain board members to just unmask him at a press conference Thursday. Sexy Monkey said hell no to that.
DILF: I can see that happening even if your nanny is a former Shield agent.
Me: Question one: Given the choice of anyone in the world, whom would you want as a dinner guest?
Me: We are on our way back to the States now. So my adventures in DC will began as soon as I touch down.
Counselor Laura: He got his daughter to come clean about his Inhuman racism. In addition to the various extramarital affairs. From there, all the illegal spending came out, and he had no choice but to resign as Secretary of State. OIG is still dealing with all his dirty laundry from his tenure at State.
Anthony: Nothing is idle with Pepper. I will deal with her on my own, starting with rescheduling lunch.
StarkAE: I’m sure you could. Should you really be saying stuff like that from your work account? At least use your Avenger burn phone. Also Happy is not my driver, he is the head of security.
Regardless Tony and Pepper love that kid, but Pepper tells me things. So, I know not everything is how it seems in the media. We spent a lot of time together because she's one of my friends. If anybody understands dealing with an alcoholic parent, it's her. We talk a lot, and that situation is complicated. So complicated.
After that, Sam and Natasha left for a mission. They were still trying to track down the guy paying for the Watchdogs.
Melinda: Thank you.
“We’ve had more than one conversation.” Tony is almost sure that Laura started mumbling the serenity prayer under her breath.
Friday: I did keep a copy when transferring the notes to the other timeline. However, Ana 2018 said that the Simmons of that timeline would begin deciphering and send back her  notes.
HSBF: I’m kind of glad I’m several thousand miles away.
Me: There’s also the fact that neither I nor anyone else from my team realized that things were going missing from the DODC for years. I should’ve realized something was up with that when the Baltimore incident happened. It wasn’t just one disgruntled employee, like we originally thought. There’s a lot of fuck ups all around.
Me: I had to take the suit away. Even with Laura’s supervision as well as Melinda and Yo-Yo helping him get used to his powers, it’s not working. He’s going to get himself killed or someone else killed and I’m not going to be here in a few days to save him. My hands are already so bloody.
“Although it's kind of Star Wars-ish. The future is always in motion.” Afia told the group.
“I know. I do it sometimes too. Although I'm more likely to sing alone in the shower."
Counselor Laura from 2023: He’s a teenager. He’s always going to be mad at me.
Jemma was horribly happy when her boyfriend stepped out of the portal. Leo’s plan actually worked. Her boyfriend and the other two were back.
Monkey lover 2: I’m okay and have my phone back. I am even free to wander the base.
Red phone: Because I was with Pepper for almost 6 years, I guess the press forgot about it.
"I think she went to get rid of the wine.” Probably as an excuse to give them some privacy.
Me: I don’t know what to say to that. I’m also glad you’re okay though.
Me: I got that reference and it worries me.
Me: Of course, she’s the one who wanted blueberry pancakes.
Cuddle fiancé: You’re on.
Anthony: That's why we are both seeing a therapist. I'll see you on our date.
To be continued
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all absolutely lovely. Look another chapter on a Thursday. Because we have reached the endgame of the story, I’m going to be posting chapters as soon as I get them back from editing. I don’t know if we'll get the last four up before Endgame comes out, but we are trying.
HSBF: Also, I don’t know if I would call it a “Civil War”. I’ve been in wars. Usually, they involves more than about a dozen people.
Me: That means he would qualify under Coulson’s criteria. Would you be willing to negotiate with him and Shield, if he was in charge of the organization?
Me: Of course, especially because it’s going to be the day after election day.
Hunter: What does that even mean?
"I usually don’t tell people where I work. If you ask most federal employees in DC, that’s a normal thing. Also my mother was ex-CIA. I learned early on not to give out too many personal details. You got more than most." Melinda explains.
The new consultant: It’s probably for the best.
Venom: You’re welcome. However, BITC just had to ask if Daisy had any cool Thor stories. And MJ started crying.
Nomad: I don’t know. It’s why I’m talking to you.
Anthony love: You off-planet would concern me if the flaming head didn’t possess the ability to make portals. I’m still trying to come up with a scientific explanation for him. No, I don’t believe the “devil” gave him superpowers.
Me: The only people who are oblivious are those two. Honestly, I think Anthony is relieved that Colonel Rhodes is in charge so he doesn’t have to keep up the subterfuge. The fake porn text messages become boring after a while even for him.
Me: That’s sweet. It’s okay. I promised I would do lunch with Melinda. Room service does a really good burger. With my metabolism, I’m going to need at least five of those fancy lunches to take the edge off.
