They caught up to the girls and soon they were a flurry of hair and perfume and heels clacking on the pavement as they headed to their destination, a pub where all the men at Regent's Park congregated, and had a live band sometimes, and the drinks weren't too expensive.
“They aren’t for school, daddy, there was an anomaly in one of Molly’s  speci- wait, you- you mean a christmas tree?” He gasped. His eyes were saucers, brilliant and shimmering green. John chuckled, sitting back against the arm of his chair and Sherlock shuffled his papers about.
"Oh, well, it's nice to have something to rely on," Sherlock smiled gently, reaching to curl a lock around his finger but stopping when he touched the wet curls, still just a bit oily. His stomach dropped and he swallowed thickly. "I've been reassigned, again, I'll be just a touch further away, maybe when we have days off-"
"No! Dr. Watson, I assure you, this comes from no personal feeling, but your omega-"
, forever, to John, under him, less than him. He'd be cooking dinners and cleaning house and nursing pups all his life.
The instructor was an old alpha, with a thick gray beard and a dusty pink nose. He looked like the last thing he wanted to do was teach omegas. Going by the clear signs of alcoholism, and his distaste for his profession, he clearly used to be a real professor, but certain chemical reactions cannot be denied.
"Bon dieu! Je vais vous donner un peu d'intimité!" (Oh gosh! I'll give you two some privacy!)
"I didn't mean what I said, about maybe being-" Sherlock managed to whisper through his tears, and John sighed, pulling him in tighter and rocking them both back and forth.
“I’m sorry, sir, I shouldn’t have sai-” John cut him off with a firm grip on his chin, pulling him up and examining his eyes.
"Maybe.
"I'm...asking, for your help."
"My," Greg mumbled, "Why are you only like this with me?"
things to professionals. An exasperated nurse came in and out, and Mycroft caught a glance through the swinging door, gagging in his mouth at the sight of his brother trussed up like that. He stood, shaking his head and calling the nurse over.
Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows and exhaled, shaking his head, curls tickling at his ears.
"He means well, you know," Lestrade said absently, dragging on his own fag.
But his Country and Empire came first.
"I haven't told Arthur yet, so don't say anything," She smiled to herself as she worked, her stray hand drifting to her apron-covered stomach. Sherlock almost gagged.
"Only if you want to, darling, and only if you feel up to it,"
He blinked sleepily, a wave of uneasiness filling him. Heat! He was in heat. Shit! Shit! John...John was going to...His mind was fuzzy and he loathed it. Loathed his body and it's stupid chemicals and his stupid brother and...and...Tears welled in his eyes as he fought it.
, it’s not important, you’re all idiots, this case is moronic even for you lot. None of this is important,” Sherlock grumbled and John raised his eyebrows dangerously.
"Would be a shame if you'd miss out, wouldn't you say?" John panted,  laughing heartily at the betrayed expression on Sherlock's face. Sherlock huffed and pouted. Delicate pale fingers gripped tight to the smooth, dampened skin of John's shoulders as John held them both above water.
"So I'll always have you with me," John whispered.
"Your body belongs to me, Sherlock, if I say we have children, we will."
Now." Sherlock shook his head once more, his eyes giving away his fear, his sweet minty scent turning sour and anxious. He swallowed, trembling slightly as his tutor stared him down. A string of betas, sweet painters and retired teachers had tutored him these last years since his presentation. He hadn't meant to scare them all away, he really hadn't! He liked them, he couldn't help his mouth running, he was just too smart for the wasteful, petty lessons in oil painting, french and etiquette. Each time Sherlock messed up, lost another one, spoke out of turn, ran outside and roughed his delicate skin, Mycroft would come home from University. Sherlock hated how Mycroft had become so high and mighty these last few years- he acted like Sherlock's father, not his brother- bossing him around and talking like he was a child. Sherlock Holmes was
"Mycroft," Sherlock whispered into his neck, clutching tight, like John might disappear at any moment.
"Mm, that's it, darling, you've got the right idea," Daddy gripped his hair and guided Sherlock's lips back and forth, lapping with his tongue at his frenulum. Daddy growled and began to thrust his hips forward, Sherlock's mouth hot and tight and warm suckling at his cock. Sherlock continued, watching daddy's signs of arousal, trying to improve at this, to be good for daddy, when daddy knew so much and had so much more experience.
“Sherlock, slow down, I’ve no idea what you’re saying,” John held up his hands soothingly, “Who are you talking about?”
“Sherlock, have you, ever, been in a relationship?” Sherlock looked down at his hands and shook his head. “No, look at me, nothing to be ashamed of,” Sherlock’s ethereal eyes were shining green as he looked up nervously. “I would very much like to take care of you, Sherlock. Treat you like the precious little boy you are, make sure you never have to be scared about money. It’s not a problem for me. Only thing I’d ask for is your companionship. You can keep your life just the way it is, the cafe, school, the future, I only want to look after you. You can be my arm candy for functions and such, it wouldn’t have to be more than that if you don’t want it to be.” John smiled and took Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock bit his lip.
Greg really didn't like having her here in the morgue, dead mother and brother not ten metres away, but nobody in the precinct had volunteered for the job of babysitting, and besides, Greg was having the time of his life playing daddy. Her Alpha had been called, Mr. Smith, and he sounded almost like he didn't know he
"Sherlock," Greg prompted, pointing to the tea that was set before them. Sherlock was flustered, the entire ceremony of the second tea was not information he deemed valuable to keep, and now he had no ideas how to go about this. Was he supposed serve them? Was he supposed to ask someone else to?
"After I talk to your brother, if you'd prefer?" The sobering thought of his loathsome brother knocked him right out of the trance- foggy senses beginning to clear. Fuck! Fuck he was, dancing, practically scenting this beastly alpha who could snap him in two and smelled really really good...
"It's Dr. Watson," Sherlock leapt to his feet, heart racing, cheeks flushing, before stopping. He paused, standing on his tip toes, counting to 1-2-3-4-5-oh screw it! He pushed open his door and came down the corridor, leaning over the rail and feigning indifference.
“The intruder didn’t take anything,” Lestrade argued, “It wasn’t a break-in,” Sherlock rolled his eyes and pressed fingers to his temples.
"Next!" The beta woman called, and Sherlock jumped, scurrying to the front and providing his paperwork. She looked at him from beneath some wire rim spectacles, up and down and then smirking before looking over his letter. "No bondmate?"
"No, love, not tonight,"
He seethed, fists clenched at his sides.
Sherlock smiled to himself when he heard the door downstairs. The omega was tucked up in his bed, his curls lightly glistening with sweat and his skin rosy and just a little feverish to the touch. Hudders had set him up nice, with a cup of tea that currently sat cold on his night table. Sherlock nuzzled his head into the arc of pillows he'd collected from the house, blankets and old clothes all placed just-so, his nest warm and soft from the frigid night air. He bit his lip with a small breath of anticipation as heard boot-laden footsteps, even if his gait was dreadfully uneven and limpish as he came, slowly but surely up the stairs.He rustled a bit under his quilt and whined softly, hoping John might hear him.
"Yes, ma'am,"
"Heaven is a fantasy. I wasn't her friend. And it was not, I assure you, painless." He scowled.
“Never seen one before, daddy!” He squirmed excitedly before sitting to the side of John’s legs, curling into a ball and planting his head in daddy’s lap. John obliged and began to massage his scalp, carding through his locks.
"Right. Did you have breakfast?"
Victor growled a bit, not liking being ignored, and walked over to speak with Sherlock. Violet started babbling with Louise to try and keep the mood of the room positive, maybe to dissuade Sherlock from saying something offensive.
"Mycroft, no. We've got a routine, you can't just upend that without explaining something. Hell, I haven't even seen you in a week!"
(See the end of the chapter for
"It's not like that, Sherlock," John said slowly, dangerously, "You know me well enough to know that I'm not like that."
"Where's my brother? I want to see my brother." Sherlock looked with wide eyes to the door, budging off the table.
"Hey, hey, lie back, you'll pull on your stitches," John flicked his eyes over to see a halo of curls looking down at him, pale angelic skin glowing and he blinked. Was this real?
hello my loves!  enjoy some yuletide smuttiness <3
"If you'd like to follow me, Dr. Watson," Her tight bun shook with each sharp step as she led them to the plane. Sherlock held tight to John's jacket, feeling horribly shy. His heart raced as they stepped aboard, the inside was rather small, just three rows of seats, two across, and an aisle down the side. Sherlock immediately took the window, John sitting next to him. He watched her as she intently click clacked to greet another set of passengers.
“It’s in my bones to love you, Stephen, and while I don’t know about protecting, I can take good care of myself,” He paused, hand still resting on Strange’s collarbone, thumb rubbing a small circle. “I do know that I trust you. For some godforsaken reason I trust you. I’ve known you for a week, but I’ve nown you for eternity, somehow, that sounds stupid but it’s true.” Ross paused, biting down on his lip and looking up at Strange. Stephen’s eyes melted and his breath hitched.
"Sherlock! Are you alright?!" A pair of innocent and diaphanous silver eyes found him through drizzly black fringes before looking down, embarrassed and flushed pink.
"Ah, yes, nothing wrong with it. I say it's always better to be prepared than to leave family high and dry. What was your wife's name?"
"Oh here it starts," Sherlock spat, "do this, omega, do that, omega."
"Pass me your revolver." He whisper shouted as the voices got closer.
Oh, he ain't a bother, m'lord, mattera fact he was helping me quite a bit." Sherlock blushed and looked up at his fuming elder brother, his smile fizzling away in a heartbeat into a hard grimmace, but his eyes were swirling and sad.
"For those of you who are new, this is Captain Moran, you don't have to salute him, but it's courteous," The alpha smiled and gave them a nod, his eyes fixated on Sherlock. The omega blushed, a shiver running down his spine as a thick, masculine woody scent filtered through his nose, his body tensing at the smell of an Alpha. Sebastian smirked a bit when he noticed the rather adorable blush on those pale, sharp cheekbones, raking his eyes over his tiny, gangly form. God, this boy should be illegal.
"Shut up, Lestrade, now go! Please don't tell my brother you saw me,"
armchair, with that godawful umbrella twirling in his fingers. He opened his mouth to tell off his loathsome brother before he was interrupted.
"ATS, right?" Sherlock nodded shyly and the man only chuckled, flipping through his list.
"Shh, it's alright, I understand, we'll readjust," John pressed a reassuring kiss to the hallow space between Sherlock's shoulder blades, lapping at the beads of sweat there. He grasped Sherlock firmly by the waist and flipped over, resting Sherlock's tummy on the seat of the chair, his own knees resting on the rug. He growled and pressed Sherlock down into the fabric, his rut now beginning to take him. He pounded into Sherlock with a punishing speed and strength, hands gripping bruises into his hips as he ground into him.
"Sherl," He looked up quickly to see Janine staring at him, with something between sadness and worser still, pity in her deep brown eyes. Sherlock held back a snap and lifted his fingers from his neck. "Sherl, does John know you're here? I saw your mail, it had a woman's name on it, I wasn't spying I promise," Sherlock hung his head and shook it, missing the way his hair would brush his ears when he did that.
"Sherinford. I-uh, well, Mycroft wants her away from London," Sherlock watched him intently and furrowed his brows to see the dark circles, taught skin, day-old stubble and frowned. "But damn, Sherlock! Never pegged you for the type!" Greg pulled his arm around Sherlock's shoulders and squeezed, his face lit with a smile. He whispered a bit more intently, "I'm proud of you, sunshine," Sherlock's heart was glowing and he smiled back.
"Sherlock!" The omega flinched, knees drawn up defensively and Mrs. Hudson gasped, "What's happened, love? Are you alright?"
"Now dear, repeat after me, I, William Sherlock Scott," Sherlock swallowed, his entire body quivering, knees aching, heart racing.
"Too right, Gregory," Mycroft whispered, "too right."
help, with a
"Got anything?" Lestrade broke in and Sherlock smiled sadly.
"Why the hell would you take this?" John shouted, and Sherlock whimpered.
Sherlock choked out a sob, reaching for his lover as his entire bottom half burned and he felt like he might very well be dying. He leaned forward, head leaning on the cool of the sink, forehead dripping with sweat.
(See the end of the chapter for
Violet Holmes was having tea when she saw the terse whispering of the servants in the corner of the elegant room. She glared, dropping her teacup in it's saucer and looking to her elder son, a newly presented Alpha at Harrow, so keen and charming like his father. Yes, she was proud of Mycroft. Quite proud. He would make a fine head of the family. That was exactly what they'd been discussing as they awaited Sherlock's tardy arrival.
work.
"Of course you are, this is a good thing you're doing Sherlock. The
Sherlock had never been to a party before. Unless you counted Christmas dinners with Uncle Rudy and his Grandmama, but she was dead now. He sat nervously on his bed as Mycroft's valet dressed him. The kind older man pulled a delicate sage green silky shirt over Sherlock's shoulders, and it hung strangely over his tiny frame, buttoning the golden clasps down the front and pulling a pair of cream silk arm bands to tighten the sleeves of the shirt around his wrists, letting Sherlock struggle with the buckles as he pulled a flowery crown of babes breath from the dressing table, fixing it to Sherlock's floof of curls.
“Whichever one you’d like, love.” Sherlock grinned excitedly.
Sherlock raised his hand. A dozen eyes turned.
"Sherlock," John knocked at the door, a few more hours passed. "Sherlock, I've got to come in, it's time for bed," There was a shuffle behind the door and John sighed. "Please, darling, tell me what the matter is,"
Sherlock did, in fact, wait up. His microscope had found it's new place on the kitchen bench, and Sherlock found his place behind it. He had a...
"Oh that's fascinating!"
"Since when have you worried about money?" John grinned and kissed Sherlock's cheek, down on one knee as Sherlock perched on his tufted stool.
"So for GODSAKE! Put your clothes on!"
I observe, I calculate." Mrs. Hudson cackled, leaning back and grasping his arm, ignoring his shocked little gasp.
"Yep. Just as soon as we finish basic training. Now hurry up, you're the muscle around here," Sherlock laughed. He was hardly muscle, and in fact, he bet two thirds of his comrades could lift more than him, but he took a second sandbag anyways, giving her a challenging smile.
Thomas. Disgusting, married
"Sure about that? You look rather naughty to me sweetheart..." daddy unclasped his cuff links slowly, dangerously, sending jolts of electric nerves through the younger boy on his lap.
"And what were you trying to do?" He smiled, giving the pouty omega a chuffed smirk.
"Alright, posh boy, on your knees," John whispered with a grin, still achingly hard. Sherlock bounched up onto his knees, still sated and glowing, wrapping his lips around John's cock, suckling and sucking with horrible slapping noises. "Oh yes, good lad, just like that," Sherlock bobbed, lapping his tongue out around John's bullocks as John's fingers tangled into his hair, cobalt eyes flickering with a fiery darkness. Sherlock caught eye contact, swallowing a few times, before a lovely idea came into his head. It was so good to be a genius sometimes. He began to hum, sending delicious vibrations through John.
"She's pretty," He said dumbly, and Sherlock turned, swallowing and squaring his shoulders before making his way to his friend, looking up to make sure John wasn't paying attention and looking down at her face, eyes closed peacefully, skin still glowing and freckled.
"Do you not like your marriage?" Alan said kindly, his eyes wide and
“S’okay daddy,” Sherlock’s cheeks flushed as John wiped his tears with the pad of his thumb. John pulled his boy into a hug and Sherlock melted at the touch, leaning his cheek on John’s shoulder, no doubt leaving a trail of tears and snot where he lay. John didn’t mind. He placed an arm under Sherlock’s bum and pulled him up onto his hip, bouncing ever so slightly. For being in his early forties, John was incredibly strong, and Sherlock was delicately light. Sherlock was limp in his arms, so exhausted from his ordeal. John shook his head. They hadn’t eaten dinner, but Sherlock was already asleep. Big breakfast tomorrow then.
"Sorry, I'm a bit busy,
Looking back, they would laugh at the irony of a holiday in France. It would only be a few months before it all seemed like a dream, but for now, all was beautiful. The ocean was clear and brilliant blue, and Sherlock was entranced. He shivered in his swimming costume, holding his clothes and shoes to his bare chest modestly, digging his toes in the sand as John put down a blanket and set up an umbrella. Sherlock watched longingly as a gaggle of pups splashed around, their mum watching with a smile and a baby on her hip. Soon a tall alpha with a mustache came from the water and swung a pup over his shoulder, the blonde little girl giggling and squealing, the woman scolding them in french. His heart tightened, something inside of him awestruck at the sight of a happy family. Him and Mycroft, they weren't a family. Not like this.
Mycroft scowled and looked in his notebook before leering, "A telephone operator and mechanic, how charming" He leered and Sherlock fumed. Mrs. Hudson realized Sherlock was so upset and she pet his sleeve.
to solve. His chemistry book had long become obsolete, so Sherlock was forced to learn the individual properties of Mrs. H's cleaning products on his own, his anatomy and biology books stacked, a few of John's medical journals leafed open on the table around him. He really didn't realize how much time had gone by, his stomach aggravatingly full.
23 January 1936
opinion in my own life, unlike you!" Mycroft snarled, holding the handle of his umbrella with such force, it was liable to snap.
"He was murdered, foxhounds. The dogs were given something of the mothers, that's why she's the worst mauled, she was running away, she was trying to escape her Alpha, who would rather she be dead than out of his control, so go on and arrest him, Sergeant."
"I am," John smiled, callused palm resting on Sherlock's nape and nose pressed into his shock of beautiful midnight locks. Beautiful Sherlock, filling John's lung with sweet minty blackberries and just a hint of typewriter ink below his mouth-watering preheat.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Sherlock that's-"
"I don't hate you." Sherlock bit his lip, looking down. "I hate me." John's eyebrows scrunched together and he looked at Sherlock with concern. "No! Don't say anything, because you can't possibly understand,
"Do you have any idea how humiliating that was, Sherlock?!" Mycroft had shouted once the Trevor's had left and the intense quasi-heat had reduced.
"Sherlock!" Moran whispered, crouching down and running over, riffle slung over his shoulder, "Sherlock Jesus Christ, do you have any idea how dangerous that was?" Sebastian took one look at his pale, ashen face and realized, yes. Yes he did.
"I think we ought to postpone the date, John," Mycroft said, holding his cigar away from himself as if it was a snake. "I have a feeling you'll be called up sooner than you think."
24 July 1939
"But, I disobeyed you, I was disrespectful and disobedient and selfish and-"
"Name?" He paused, hand clasping around his ring, tummy turning in a knot. She hadn't even asked about John's approval! His head was spinning, and his lips turned into a genuine smile.
The omega kicked his feet out, finally in comfortable clothes after months of regulation fabric that was no better than a flour sack. His feet slapped against the wood floor as he went into the washroom, filling the basin and dunking his hair into the tepid water. His eyes squeezed closed as the product oozed into the water, his hair finally free from it. He shook like a dog, his locks soft and full underwater, he just wanted to wash this horrible day off. His armor slowy began to dissipate and he was exhausted. He fluffed at his hair with a towell and slumped back into the sitting room, feeling so exposed and nervous and delicate he could snap.
He'd never met a boy like him before.
indicated the fountain pen had been held by someone left-handed. That was a bit rare- most schools would make you use your right.
Best not think about Sherlock at all.
"I love you too,"
Neither of them truly realized what had just happened.
The unsaid fact that Mycroft considered Sherlock's mind the only one second to his own was practically dripping through his words and Sherlock almost felt- something. But this was Mycroft, not John or Janine or Mrs. Hudson. He did not deserve anything so arduous on Sherlock's account as feelings.
There was shouting on the other side of the door, and Sherlock nervously tapped on the door, clutching his papers tight, looking them over once again with an anxious turn of his stomach. The door swung open to reveal an alpha with cropped brown hair and an exasperated smile.
"Alright. Get in,"
"You heard me, I'm not doing it." Sherlock spat, locking eyes with the woman his brother had hired for his '
"That's it, love, deep breaths, in, that's it, out, you've got it, sweetheart. Good puppy, that's a good boy, colouring so brave for me, Sherlock,
He could probably fashion some sort of chemical mixture with these supplies to make sure any fetus would flush out of his system, that wasn't the problem but his omega
It wasn't Esther. This woman was battered, pale with frazzled hair, apron around her waist dotted with stains and patches. A bleary eyed toddler hid between her legs, poking his little head of curly blonde hair out of her skirt, looking up at Sherlock with shy blue eyes. On her hip was a baby, sobbing it's tiny lungs out, little knit cap slipping over it's ears.
He bit down on his already bloody lip, the pulse of his heartbeat thudding under his teeth.
"Right," He tucked his hands into his pockets, suddenly very aware of the silver band on his third finger. "Are you on triage as well, Nurse...?" He smirked, eyes glittering.
"Goodnight, Sherlock Holmes,"
, saying that it would happen quite regularly now, that he'd understand more soon after his upcoming doctor's appointment. He even had a new doctor now, a specialist, Mycroft had called it.
"Are you alright, Holmes?"
"Just you wait, Mycroft, you won't always control me." Sherlock smirked. British Government here could boast all he wanted, but the second war broke out Sherlock was leaving. Gonna be a nurse or a mechanic or something equally plain just to tick Mycroft off.
intelligent," She tutted, giving Anthea a little glare. Sherlock looked down at his feet, wearing trousers, a button down and one of John's jumpers.
"Nothing, John."
"You miss him."
Mycroft looked over quite suddenly, as if that was the last thing he expected John to say.
"King and Country, John, you'll find a way," Mycroft leered distastefully.
"Monsieur! Votre oméga! Mon dieu, je peux te ramener à la maison dans ma voiture," (sir, your omega! my god i can take you home in my car) He cried, and Sherlock muttered in John's ear.
"I want to be with you, Sherlock," John whispered, petting his hair softly, still swaying to the music. Sherlock's eyes welled with tears- tears of frustration. He shut his eyes and shook his head, not allowing himself to cry after being kissed.
"Sherlock, I will not have lies in this house," Daddy growled crossly, gripping onto Sherlock's wrist tighter, eyeing him unrelentingly. Sherlock bit back a sob, his shoulders heaving.
"You're right, back to your post," She turned on her heel and Sherlock watched her as she approached the captain, frozen in his place as he saw his eyebrows furrow as well. He swallowed and turned to retreat to his workstation, slumping down and holding his headphones in his hands, still watching his superiors discussion in the corner of his eye.
"That's preposterous, John, you couldn't stop a plane crash!"
"Sherlock, this is Greggory Lestrade, and you know Mr. Trevor and Louise," Mycroft said firmly, eyes pleading with Sherlock to just. behave. Sherlock gave a nod to the siblings, but focused on Greg, cat-like eyes slicing over him, completely fascinated by him. A policeman, it looked like, perhaps lieutenant, constable's more likely. Dark brown hair and brown eyes, quite handsome by societal standards. Cigarette smoker, right handed going by the ink stains.
"But John- that's," Sherlock sputtered, stepping closer, his stomach falling inside of him, feeling so hallow and yet so heavy that each step felt as though he were laden with stones.
"I don't want you to go, Jawn," He said softly. John nodded and rest his chin atop Sherlock's head, sighing.
"Who is this?"
"Where would you suggest?" John growled and Sherlock sighed.
"Sherlock, either stand here and let Clara put it on you or I'll hold you down." Greg snarled, and Sherlock whimpered, looking up with wide eyes of betrayal.
“Quite right. Do you want me to put it in the post for you?” Sherlock nodded and handed daddy his list. John tucked it into his inside pocket.
omega. But they had a plane to catch. He pressed a kiss to the crown of his head, buried under a cacophony of wild hair. Sherlock stirred, yawning softly and fluttering his eyelashes, before realizing where he was. He tensed immediately, sitting up quickly, head spinning with a horrible ache. John smiled and ran fingers through his own dusty blonde hair, sitting back against the headboard as Sherlock sat up, legs draped over the edge of the bed, hands on his temples.
Sherlock weakly sobbed, his head thrown forward between his shoulders, his fingers barely grasping at the floor, not even trying to hold himself up through the pain.
Mycroft's eyebrows raised, maybe slightly chuffed at the sight of his mate, showing his strength. Sherlock grit his teeth, pushing his chair out and leaving, and everyone at the table knew that the card in question had been deceitfully slipped into his hand. He ran up the stairs to his room, two at a time. He dropped the letter to the floor, face flushing with anger and embarrassment. He was not some animal to be bought and sold. He rushed to his desk and picked up the handle of the telephone.
"It's no problem," Sherlock smiled genuinely, to which Greg gave an approving nod. John had asked that Clara be one of his bridesmaids, and well, Greg didn't really count anyways, and Sherlock didn't have anyone else anyway.
, Mycroft!"  He cried, voice shaky and rough.There was a pause, and the hand on the doorknob paused.
"I'm not! I'm not making it up," Sherlock snapped defensively, glancing over to Molly, who looked at him like he was quite possibly the second coming.
dripping through every word.
"Yeah- I'm-" Sherlock stepped away, but his waist was firmly locked and he was cheating and he was cheating on John and he couldn't breathe! His lungs were tight and it smelled like beer and he couldn't breathe and-
"My god, 1 in a million, literally," He chuckled, and Sherlock's eyes widened at his blithe indifference, the Alpha looking at him like he were some freak of nature. Sherlock couldn't decide if that was better than an object of desire. "But I don't understand, why are you hiding? when you have no reason to?" Alan said curtly, turning and sitting back at his desk.
"You're having an affair, two of them, with betas, in our billet, look at the wrinkles on your trousers-" Janine gave him a smirk and shook her head fondly.
"I'm not taking any chances," John smiled, "Come down here and kiss me."
"Lubrun's a coward, and a puppet government, we are on
"I don't even have to consent," Sherlock added meekly, "to be married, Mycroft's the only one with the say in it."
, I only had invited Mr. Trevor over last week," She paused and bit her lip, giving Mycroft a look, something secret passing between them. "Should I really cancel on him? After he's just come out of mourning his father?" Mycroft sighed, glancing at Sherlock quickly before shaking his head.
"Um, cleaning products. Mrs. Hudson's teaching me," John smiled and nodded at that answer, seemingly pleased with Sherlock's newfound domesticity. He looked down at his newspaper and sighed, huffing about with his crossword.
"No, he does not."
"Yes, love, then it's back to India, or wherever I'm sent, but I have a house, in Westminster, and a housekeeper who would look after you when I'm away."
"Oh, please, and give Hitler the satisfaction? No, you haven't seen the back of me yet, Sherlock" The omega smiled, he shouldn't have. He should've insisted she go, it wasn't safe, but he couldn't. The thought of her anywhere else turned his stomach.
"Anthea, I need the file on John Watson,"
Sherlock yawned groggily as he awoke, stre-e-etching out under the covers before poking his head out to the outside world. The bedroom was dimly lit by the strand of fairy lights daddy had strung around the headboard. A sweet blush filled his cheeks at the thought of them...he glanced at his wrists- still indented with glorious little marks. He flopped back on the bed with a sigh, head turning to glance at the door. He fluffed his cloud of midnight locks and threw his legs over the bed. He stumbled his way down the hall and to the sitting room. Daddy had a record on and was in the kitchen, doing something that looked a lot like work. Sherlock grinned and snuck up behind him, wrapping around his muscular chest, poking his nose into his shoulder and inhaling.
Why did it upset him? He'd never in his life wanted anything to do with himself, with the hateful, delicate flower of a thing that he was- who would want him like that? Who would expect him to be anything more than a bumbling little mother and bond mate, making breakfasts and scrubbing floors, looking the way he had before.
"Ow ow ow, oh
(See the end of the chapter for
"Open your eyes, darling, let me look at you," John whispered, voice hot and dark and gravely in his ear, and Sherlock instantly obeyed, he hadn't even noticed that John was straddling him, hands on the bed on either side of his face, head dipped low, nibbling kisses to his neck. Hell, he hadn't even noticed that his shirt was missing! John bit down a bit, but Sherlock didn't move. His eyes were fixed securely on the ceiling, and they were lined with tears. John's alpha growled at him,
" Greg whispered, swinging one leg over Mycroft's straddling him and leaning onto his shoulder, arms wrapped around him tight, thumbs brushing above the collar of his striped-and-ironed pyjamas. The older man wept freely into Greg's bare chest.
”I’m sorry I’m crying, I don’t know why,” Sherlock laughed, wiping at his eyes, a twisted sort of amusement, sobbing while still knotted with his Alpha.
for sex with you, I could never do that to you, love, you're far too important," John's eyes were glowing with concern and regret, "You are not a whore, Sherlock, you're not cheap, not in the slightest." Sherlock sputtered, his mind spinning and his heart continuing to plummet in his chest.
"We're coming, lad," Came the sweet older voice, "Willie, throw him the rope!" Sherlock gasped as a rope landed beside him, pulling into his hands before tying it around John's middle with a precise and practised knot. The unconscious alpha groaned and Sherlock beamed, holding on to the rope as they were pulled to safety.
There was a silence, only the ticking of the clock between them.
i love u all so much yay
Sherlock paused.
"In sickness and in health, to love and to," He swallowed, whispering, "obey,"
Sherlock held his breath, waiting for something to happen, when the men just turned and left, giving him a wink and a rude gesture for his troubles. Sherlock choked out a relieved sigh, looking to his superior in gratitude, but she'd already turned around.
How the hell could he be happy, cooped up in some mansion breeding out some horrid, brutish Alpha's pups? Why were things so messed up! He had his own mind, so did Esther, and Martin, and Mummy too he supposed. He looked over at his clothes. A white cotton button down with short sleeves, with a peter pan collar that was getting popular these days, high-waisted trousers, and his tailored tweed jacket. Esther had laid out a flowered square scarf, which made Sherlock smile. Esther had worn one similar last Friday and Sherlock had mentioned it was pretty. He smiled sadly and stripped of his pyjamas, slipping into the clothes and wrapping the scarf up in his hair like he'd seen women in the village doing, knowing the lower-class style would drive Mycroft mad.
Sherlock mewled, gripping tight and pressing his eyes closed, "I didn't want this, I didn't, why did I- I wanted it, I wanted us, you and me, I wanted it, but I did this, I'm so sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, Jawn,"
"bruises on his knuckles, match the ones on her cheek bones, he's had three drinks already, look at his fingers shaking," Janine gasped, looking at Sherlock, whose eyes were glowing with a silver seriousness.
thank you for your sweet comments! i love you all so much!
The card sat perfectly innocently on it's silver tray, the engraved platinum letter opener sitting silently atop it. The envelope was a pale blue, not too expensive of stationary, and clearly the paper had been sitting in a cupboard for a while- not someone who writes letters often. Sherlock looked at it intensely, his own name was scrawled across the front- a slight ink smudge on the
"Lucky guess,"
"Sherlock, I said,
"Do you understand why I have to do this, Sherlock?" John cocked his head, his face emotionless, his Captain's Voice in full affect, low and dangerous. He slowly undid his belt, pulling it off loop by loop, Sherlock's lip quivering at the rattle of the buckle.
"But I thought the goal was 35,000?"
"It's not so bad," She smiled, rubbing her stumach mindlessly. Sherlock wanted to puke.
He rolled his shoulders and closed his eyes, rubbing a circle on his omega's back. He really should have been insulted that Sherlock was crying, but he wasn't. Not in the slightest. He could not imagine what it must be like, constantly afraid of the weakness, vulnerability, not being able to control your own body. Sherlock would soon learn that he needn't control it, that was John's place, but for now, he only soothed him, whispering sweet nothings into his hair.
, daddy!" John didn't need to be told twice, crashing his lips into Sherlock's, wrapping a firm hand around the back of his nape, fingers tracing along the baby hairs of his neck. Sherlock pulled back and pecked daddy on the forehead, squirming in his lap. John continued his assault, deep and ravenous kisses and bites planting along Sherlock's exposed neck. "daddy," Sherlock whined, head thrown back. "da-addy!" He poked John's belly with his finger and looked at him seriously. "We have to open an early gift!"
"I'm finished," Alan blinked confusedly, holding his slide rule in his hand midair.
Sherlock nodded, dropping the phone and racing, still naked and flush with endorphins to the kitchen, digging through his suitcase and pulling out his prize, jittery and excited as he returned, falling onto the floor and pulling the phone back under his chin.
“We have matters to discuss and telling you here and now would only confuse you.” The Sorcerer Supreme held out a card, “177a Bleecker Street, tomorrow, 12 o’clock.”
Sherlock practically leaped out of the car as the cab pulled up to 221b. John paid the driver as Sherlock waited for him on the steps. John pulled out his keys and pushed open the door before gripping Sherlock by the forearm, pulling him down to growl into his ear.
10 May 1939
idea, it was still a bloody good one! A plane! This was so wonderfully exciting.
"Are you here to scold me?"
"Hey! You there!" Sherlock gasped, turning in the light, his oil soaked curls shimmering black to see a motorboat approaching, and he cried out.
"Hope to see you again, Sherlock!" The girl cried after him and Sherlock's cheeks flared crimson. He looked to Mrs. Hudson with eyes full of shock.
"Need my hands on you, only mine will do the trick,"
"Sherlock, this is not my doing. I mentioned your station to the PM and he saw fit to invite you. Bletchley is his project, not mine." Sherlock scoffed, breathing in and out with frustration.
"Of course I do John, still have a few frames on this roll too, then I'll develop some of them, I'm not exactly sure how to go about it but the chemistry can hardly be too difficult,"
"I think you're right John," Sherlock said drowsily, reaching a hand down to grab at his aching stomach. John wrapped an arm around Sherlock's waist and pulled him, back to chest, the omega leaning his head back against John, and his scent grew stronger and stronger. He pulled them both up onto the dock. He pulled Sherlock up into his arms, Sherlock's legs wrapped around his middle as he walked back to the shore. He sat Sherlock down and wrapped the blanket around his shoulders. Sherlock's skin itched and burned, the beading water of his skin beginning to mix with sweat, but he kept it on, his mind still present enough to know that they couldn't walk all the way back with him halfway dressed.
"Only got one of your kind, sweetheart," Sherlock's heart raced in his veins and the man nodded and checked off his name, pointing with the end of his pencil to a building inside the wrought iron gate. "That building, room 9, you're reporting for training at fifteen hundred." Sherlock nodded and grasped his bag's handle nervously before turning and giving Mrs. H a tentative smile. She only grinned and swatted at him.
Thank you so much for all of your kind support!!! <3
Hudson?" Sherlock looked up, his eyes glowing with seriousness, and something passed between them, a silent shared solidarity. Beta females and omegas weren't so different, he thought.
“The key code wasn’t hard to guess…” John shook his head angrily.
"Je m'appelle Marie et qui est votre mari?" (I'm Marie, and is this your husband?) She raised her eyebrows at John, who was speaking to the driver and hadn't noticed her.
closed!" Sherlock opened his mouth to protest some more when a heavy, square object was placed in his hands. He held it, approximately 1800g, metal with leather straps, hallow...He peeked open his eye and gasped. "Jawn how much did this cost?!"
"Careful you don't fill out, Sherlock, we have a few parties to attend in London next month, and you'll want to be thin." Mummy chided from across the table and Sherlock flushed. He looked down at himself- he wasn't fat, was he? He grit his teeth and put his toast down again, crossing his arms and looking over at Mycroft before grabbing part of the paper. Mummy rubbed her temples and Mycroft gave him a look. Screw them! Sherlock thumbed it open and began to read intently. It wasn't that he was interested at all with growing tensions in Poland, or the expansion of the Japanese Empire, or who was prime minister or any of it. Just the simple rebellion of reading the paper like an Alpha was enough.
"You look fine, and you know he's in love with you anyways,"
"Can I swoop in here?" Sherlock nodded mutely, blushing furiously as Janine wrapped her arm around the Alpha's shoulder, and he put one hand on her hip. The small boy smiled a bit as she mouthed
Sherlock was on a cloud for the rest of his shift. He had a date! A date! A date with a fascinating former army doctor. Sherlock tried not to think of the money. But he couldn’t help it. He didn’t want John to think he was a whore, but he could really use the money if he was right about Dr. Watson’s expectations. Sugar Daddy. How terribly interesting! Mycroft would be appalled. But...he and Mummy cut Sherlock off because of the drugs, so maybe this was their fault.
"It's so cruel, don't you think, Sherlock? I would rather die than have an arranged marriage," Sherlock opened his mouth to reply but shut it, his heart sinking in his chest.
"You like it,"
"You said you'd look after me, and I need it now. I'm not an idiot, I read the papers. We both know that we wouldn't win a war with Germany."
“naughty thing, aren't you Sherlock?” He unzipped his trousers and pulled them down, slipping off his pants as well. He slicked all of his thick 20cm with the peppermint lube and positioned himself at Sherlock’s opening, pressing in slowly, gripping tight Sherlock’s bony hips. Sherlock threw his head back, shaking violently, erection pulsing against his tummy throbbing, sobbing before John was even halfway in.
“Quite right, sir.”
"You're
"I- I'm sorry, John," Sherlock said awkwardly, right hand clenched into a fist by his side, eyes awash with shame. John only gave him an affirming squeeze and shook his head, guiding Sherlock's knuckles to his lips and pressing soft kisses to them.
"Sherlock, please have a seat, we were about to go through," Violet said sweetly, and Sherlock scrunched his eyebrows at her sugary tone.
"Never seen a slick in uniform before!" The other man laughed, as if this were comedic gold, and Sherlock flushed, eyes dropping to his feet as he continued his work.
But it didn't stop hurting. It hurt a lot, actually, a hot searing hurt that turned his tummy over inside, sweat beginning to pool on his forehead, his fringes sticking to his skin. Sherlock was dizzy as he wandered across the green, into the house through the service entrance, receiving strange sniffs and looks from the kitchen staff.
"Yes, I know, love, I fly them. And I know a few of the lads up there in the sky, and I know we'll be alright," John smiled with a calm strength, petting his lover's soft and damp hair.
"What was that darling? You were- what Sherlock?" John looked quizzically to his lover, who keened, a second wave of blood and tissue pouring out of him. John gasped, his heart racing in his chest in realisation, "Pregnant, you're pregnant,"
"You're a bit warm, love, are you feeling alright?" Sherlock nodded, tucking his nose into his neck, legs wrapped around his middle.
"Sherlock, please, you need to think this through, you're not in the right frame of mind,"
"There you are," came John's voice from behind him, and Sherlock turned around nervously, his Alpha stepping out from the opened green doors, sitting next to him. He was in really lovely shorts and a striped button down, wearing sunglasses with a wicker basket beside him. "The maid packed us lunch, I think," He smiled, leaning back on his palms, arms somewhat wrapped around Sherlock's back. "I thought we'd go to the beach,"
"If I can distract them, could you get close enough to get a shot in?" Moran gaped incredulously, shaking his head slightly before glaring.
“d-Addy!” He cried, eyes rolling back beneath the fabric. He pushed his hips back against daddy’s hand, desperately crumbling beneath John’s hands. “Daddy, p-please!”
He closed his eyes and held the phone tight in his fist.
"Of course, but once the war's over..."
"Sherlock, I don't like this," Mrs. Hudson said sweetly, perched on the arm of the lounge chair. "Such a beautiful boy, you look- strange," Sherlock swallowed, looking nervously to Anthea who seemed impassive. His cheeks flared and he looked over his shoulder to the mirror. A beta looked back at him- with slicked hair and masculine clothes and pale eyes that followed his own.
"Don't tell Mycroft. Anyways, thanks for doing this, mate, so last minute,"
"Sherlock?" There was another knock on the door, a very concerned John on the other side. "Sherlock let me in." It wasn't exactly an order, but his omega instantly obeyed, letting go of the knob and crawling into the back corner, nose tucked into the wall, wiping his tears on the sleeves of his silky shirt.The door creaked open, and soon a warm, consoling smell, gunpowder and soft heather, filled his lungs, leaving him dizzy, tears budding up again in sheer relief. Sherlock looked up nervously to the alpha that stood in the hall in his uniform, his eyes fearful and wide.
a brief note- Imperialism is gross
Esther Smith gripped tight to the pudgy hand of her son, her daughter securely on her hip. She shakily inhaled the night air, her hands shaking slightly. Arthur was passed out on the sofa, sated and drunk, but he wouldn't be asleep for long.
"Such a dirty boy, bet you touched yourself like this every night in your bunk, didn't you?" Sherlock whined, crossing his legs and his toes curling, a dribble of slick puckering around his cloaca, "those poor other omegas didn't know what to think of you- moaning and yipping, begging for me,"
"Don't seem fine."
"She wouldn't, in fact I wish she had, it
"I know a spot."
It had begun to rain, tiny droplets that splattered little patterns across Sherlock's flaming cheeks, hiding the tears that fell. Greg put an arm around his shoulder and led a paralysed Sherlock back down the road into the drizzle.
He had picked up the pen so many times, his mind wandered as the days went by, monitoring the signal board, fixing the lorries when they broke down, his thoughts adrift. He decided he had three options:
"Right, catch of the day, let's take our pick," She said into Sherlock's ear and he knit his brows incredulously as she evaluated them, "I think I'll take the ginger in the corner," Sherlock looked at the indicated solider, who was a bit on the short side but had a pretty face, before turning to speak into her ear.
John's eyes went dark. Deep dark pits of anger, storm clouds hazing their brilliant blue, and Sherlock shivered. John was reeking of alpha, and it was frightening. This wasn't John, this was someone else. Sherlock whimpered, slowly backing away, the mattress creaking. He moved to step off the bed but John was faster. He grabbed him by both arms and shoved Sherlock to the ground, his head hitting the floor with a thud, the world going dizzy for a moment as John seethed on top of him.
"How can I not be? Aren't you worried?" Mycroft tensed, his eyebrows raising in defeat and he slid into the armchair opposite.
The metal chains of the swing creaked as he slowly pushed himself back. and forth. back. and forth. What was wrong with him? He looked out across the tall green stalks of grass, lush and brightening with the promise of spring. His throat burned with tears that he would not let fall. He knew that some of Mycroft's threats were true. Omegas unbonded by age 20 were drafted, property of the government, to breed for infertile betas and keep the dwindling population up. He still had quite some time before then, didn't he? He would fight till the end, he decided. He would not be mounted, not by anyone. He would kill himself before he was 20, and scare away any alpha Mycroft brought along. He would not let them win. That was the worst thing- to be defeated.
"Aren't I?" Sherlock snapped, glaring at his
"Omega?" Sherlock breathed out, pain thrashing through him, trying desperately to press his nose out the slot in the door to get more of his brother's balming smell. Mycroft sighed.
"What does he want?" Sherlock scowled.
"Where?" Sherlock rubbed a spot on the floor with his shoe.
“Sherlock!” He was out of his daze when Grace, the owner of the coffee shop snapped in front of his face. “Sherlock, I know you’re thinking about that rich guy, but how about we try and fantasize
"Bye John!" John slung the phone back in it's cradle and set about taking care of the whistling kettle and a very ill omega. His left hand twitched like mad, and he bit his lip hard to keep out the growl inside of him. He was a doctor, he knew that Sherlock could only be about a month along...but still, his child was gone. He might not want children yet, but he sure as hell didn't want this.
Jawn, I- I need to tell y-you- before I go under- I w-wanted this, even without the- oh god!" Sherlock keened. John's eyes widened and he rubbed Sherlock's back kindly, Sherlock practically glowing at the touch. The car pulled up to the vila and John let out a sigh of relief.
The silence grew thicker, and Sherlock cleared his throat of pesky tears that were building inside of him.
"You're twenty eight John, that's not old." John smirked and Sherlock blushed a bit.
30 March 1939
disclaimer: ive never been married, but i imagine it can be rocky at the start
"Y'alright, Sherlock?" Greg whispered, leaning over, the rest of the table seemingly not noticing.
"He-he wants to drive us home, Jawn," Sherlock mumbled. John nodded and let the man open the door for them. Sherlock whined as John let go, but he soon slid next to him, keeping him close, Sherlock's nose glued to his neck, gulping in the husky powerful smell of an Alpha just beginning his rut, reeking of possessive, competitive hormones.
John growled as he bit down on Sherlock’s lip, a dribble of blood entering his mouth. He smiled and sucked on the bite, lapping at the coppery liquid.
John nodded as his hands traveled lower down Sherlock's hips.
Sherlock looked up to see John, and bit his lip in a small smile. Nobody had told him about the kilt, and it made him want to giggle, if only because he was so frightfully nervous and sad. This was it, he supposed. Slavery from one alpha to the next. John's eyes were so deep and cavernous he was liable to fall into them, and they held their gaze the final few yards of the aisle. John smiled, golden skin glowing, flaxen hair shimmering in the light of stained glass windows. Mycroft tugged Sherlock's hesitant feet along, and Sherlock looked away, a deep frustration and anger building inside him, standing there with Mycroft. The organ stopped, and the congregation sat.
Sherlock’s heart was pounding, his ears flushing red. Daddy popped open the lube and covered his fingers generously. Sherlock sniffed curiously, his brows furrowing.
Sherlock was given a single rose, to represent the gifts of fertility, and a dribble of oil on his forehead to represent purity. He swung the rose around by it's stem as he stood in the chapel, desperately wanting to wipe his bloody forehead off. A few petals drooped to the floor as he shuffled from foot to foot. Mummy was in the front row, various relations and family connections filling the pews. Sherlock wondered if they'd think he looked stupid. He sure thought he did. The music started and the room held their breath.
"King George V is dead." Mycroft said, swallowing thickly. "It was on the wireless last night." Sherlock squinted at his nervous looking brother.
Sherlock hadn't slept. He sat upright in his bed, sheets and duvet wrapped around him like a cocoon, knees drawn tight against his chest. Plumes of dust were set alight by sunlight that peeked through the curtains, his curls glowing like a halo around his face. He looked to the clock on his bedside table. 6:44. He closed his eyes and drew into a still tighter ball. Last day of freedom, he supposed. Only one day until...
"I knew you sounded familiar," Came the cheeky grin from the other end and Sherlock blushed, sitting in John's chair, twirling the cord like the teenager he was.
What was wrong with him? Giving into his baser natures, a meek, shivering little creature with no power over his own bloody instincts. Was that who he was now?
p.s.s if you have any daddy john/twink sherlock requests please please please ask me
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
“Do those sound alright, honey?” Sherlock nodded gingerly. John continued.
"But we're still fighting," Greg said sternly, playfully pushing Mycroft down onto the matress, "We'll always fight."
John smirked, slyly, like the cat that got the cream, looking down at his brandy and swirling it round it's glass. Mycroft almost spit, but he stopped himself and let out what was the Mycroft equivalent of a chuckle.
"I'm afraid you cannot, but this was included for you," The Captain grinned as he pulled out a sealed envelope and Sherlock took it in shaking fingers.
I love all of you so very much <3
"Haven't had a proper birthday present in years, you know," John smirked, absent mindlessly scratching at his chin.
"John! Hurry!" He shifted from foot to foot as the Alpha paid the cab driver. John turned around and gave him a hand and an aggravated look, so Sherlock bit his lip. A woman stepped down the metal steps and approached him a posh-looking dress and a fake smile.
"That's a pie crust promise."
Sherlock
"I love you too, pet, now
(See the end of the chapter for
"Thank you for inviting us, Mrs. Hudson, you didn't have to," Gregory said, sipping his drink and taking a seat in Sherlock's armchair, a sweet smile on his face. Mrs. H grinned and pat his knee.
"We need to get you some glasses, love," John smiled. Sherlock gripped onto his jacket arm, eyes wide as he examined the airfield.
love you all!
Sherlock was here, in his lifejacket and helmet and uniform, and John's brows knit and his mouth hung open slightly. How could he-
"Do pledge myself onto thee, John, to be yours"
"Don't cover this, alright, or it'll be infected," John urged, taking the gauze from the confused looking man, who was frightfully skinny. The man didn't argue much when John cleaned his wounds, and he allowed himself to be lied back for rest. The blond captain wiped his forehead and continued his rounds, the poor sods. Some of them were from the
"But you knew before then, didn't you?" He said, gloating at the flush in Mycroft's cheeks. "Oh, that's fascinating. Did
"Oh! I see! It's all about you? It's always all about you, isn't it?"
The whole room smelt of alcohol, sweat and something warm that Sherlock couldn't identify, and his senses were under attack as music, laughter, glassware clinking, whistling, all filled his ears and he gasped.
"Yes, of course, my mistake, I didn't realize the Prime Minister was personally responsible for the staffing at a radio factory. I'm afraid I must decline his kind offer but give him my best," Sherlock deadpanned, his arm reaching to put the phone back in it's craddle with a clatter when he said it.
"Oh, there is something, Mycroft didn't say," Sherlock approached the large brown parcel, with no postage or stamps to be seen, just his name and address on a white card on top.
Sherlock deposited the bottles on the bench, breath tight in his lungs. John seemed oblivious, looking over, bills? Oh what did it matter, Sherlock got to work. Noxious fumes soon were wafting through the kitchen as Sherlock got to work, using his cigarette lighter for some of the tricky solvents. John looked up after hours passed, eyebrows scrunched together.
“Safe word Sherlock.” Sherlock shook his head dumbly, his mind slow. John touched his cheek softly.
i need to stop pulling all-nighters to write. ha ha just kidding kind of, tell me what you think lovely people!
"You're pregnant." Sherlock said obviously, looking at her in the mirror. She only blushed and smiled, nodding a bit, continuing her assault on his scalp. Sherlock winced as she pulled on a particularly troublesome knot.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock rest his head on his window ledge, sitting at his desk, an experiment with some yeast he found in the icebox staring up innocently at him, but he couldn't think. Rain pelted the foggy panes of glass, and the radiator hummed dutifully heating his bedroom. He brushed away a tear that threatened to fall. And another. They were multiplying faster then he could catch them, and eventually he hung his head, folding in on himself in his swivel chair, holding his feet in his hands, curls running over his knees like little rivulets of chocolate.
"Wer ist da?" (who's there?) He shouted, only to hear keening, a male! A male omega, sounding like he was approaching his heat. A german too. His feet couldn't move fast enough to find a crumpled pale thing in the grass, tugging at his clothes, writhing in the dirt, shock of chocolate curls shuddering as he trembled, moaning and grasping his stomach. The german furrowed his brows, "Du bist weit weg von deinem Zuhause, Omega!" (you're far from your home, omega!)
"H-hi, Santa," Sherlock blushed and eyed him amorously, legs crossing a bit as he stood innocently, tail fluttering as he shivered. He fiddled with his fingers, looking down quickly and rubbing a spot on the floor with his toe. Daddy growled and pat his thigh. Sherlock obeyed instantly, scampering over, collar jingling and perched delicately on his knee, hands still folded in his lap
"Sit up properly, Sherlock, honestly, you act like an animal sometimes."
"Nein, er gehört mir (No, he's mine) There was snarling and Sherlock sheilded his face, and as anticipated, four quick shots rung out, and Sherlock gasped as blondie stared down at him, with a bullet between his eyes, head lulling back as he collapsed atop the frightened omega, who shrieked and rolled the limp body off of him. He panted, his eyes wild, staring down at the four bodies spread out at his feet, his knees pulled up to his chest.
"Poor little Sherlock, writhing on the floor like he's just presented, leaking slick all over my nice carpet," John tsked and Sherlock shuddered, he was so close, Christ.
The room was begrudgingly cleared, a few of the betas giving Sherlock worried looks before filing out the door of the garage-like building, and Sherlock was shivering as the Alpha across from him didn't even look up.
"Can't we buy shirts?"
ik this is probably the shortest chapter known to man! but I got some rather strong criticism and it's been hard to write without feeling I'm letting people down.
"I'm not lonely."
Alan looked at him strangely, evaluating, and Sherlock watched him intensely. For some reason he wanted to see approval there.
"You heard me," John gravelly whispered, and Sherlock shivered, perching himself awkwardly, trying to look into the viewfinder and look pretty. He was hardly anything special (although anyone in the universe would disagree) and he felt, so exposed, so
crashing. It's only turbulence, darling," The plane dropped again, and Sherlock whimpered, pressing his nose into John's neck, sucking back the warm affirming scent, strong and powerful and safe, and for a moment, it seemed entirely possible John could stop a plane crash if he wanted. "You're safe," John whispered, petting Sherlock's hair gently, pressing a kiss to his head. "You're safe with me, love,"
Sherlock's breath hitched, his chest heaving silently, eyes pressed closed, quite wordless as he pushed backwards, non-coherent begging falling from his lips to the pinstripe sheets. John lapped, the sweet taste of Sherlock. He pulled back, leaving Sherlock a whining and whimpering mess. John growled in warning to his omega and Sherlock obediently stuffed his face into the sheets.
"Le tourbillon de la vie" by Jeanne Moreau
Emelia Violet Esther Holmes was walking. Running, in fact, with varying levels of success, and now that she'd learned how to climb out of her crib, was now in the habit of exploring the house at night. Mycroft groaned as the first traces of her wailing came in through the door of his and Gregory's bedroom. His husband had just been up to put her to sleep, and was now completely passed out. Mycroft stood and pulled on his robe, rubbing at his thinning hair and pressing a kiss to Gregory's weathered skin, to which the exhuasted beta grunted. He shuffled out into the hallway to find Emelia in a puddle on the floor, a river of tears and snot flowing down her face and onto the plush red runner.
"Please. Help me, Mycroft, I can't lose him, I can't, I-" Sherlock sounded positively desperate, it was upsetting Mycroft, even if Sherlock was no longer his concern.
"we never get to have breakfast as a family anymore, Sherlock, mummy would be so upset." Sherlock's eyes gleamed a layer of ice. Mother had been dead for some time, as omegas without their mates suffered loads of medical weaknesses. Greg gave Mycroft a warning squeeze and the alpha only looked down to his paper again. Sherlock gave them both an incredulous stare before slouching into his chair, examining the letter in more detail. He gave it a whiff before having to close his eyes and pull it away from his nose. It had been sprayed with some very familiar pheromones. Jesus Christ it smelled good. He very slowly ripped the side of the envelope, the letter opener smooth and sharp, before pulling out a small card with a bundle of forget-me-nots embossed on it's cover, some frightfully sentimental poem or nonsense printed below. He opened it.
"And further, I know this boy, his name is William, and his father is Arthur Smith, he's the groundskeeper at Baskerville House, now please, phone someone and arrest him."
"Sherlock, be reasonable." Mycroft said smoothly, rubbing his temples in aggravation.
"What's going on there?" Sherlock looked up and found Janine leaning across, nodding towards the commander.
"I think Greg and I ought to take our leave, we'll be back in a bit," Greg and Mycroft's hands clasped together as they stood, leaving arm and arm, Greg peeking over his shoulder shyly to catch one last look before tucking his head onto Mycroft's shoulder as they exited the drawing room.
"Sherlock, I
"And what's so funny?" He smiled, resting his hands on Sherlock's sides as he choked out giggles. He slumped forward onto John's shoulder.
”I can imagine,"
"See what the fuss is about I suppose," He smiled and John pressed a kiss to his lips before they made their way back to Mycroft to hear about the case.
"Oh my god, Captain Watson!" Came the shout and footsteps across the decks of the small pleasure vessel. A dark haired Corporal immediately sat beside Sherlock, taking his superior's pulse. "He's right, the bullet's too close to the heart to be allowed to hitch a ride, and we'll have to remove it before we can stitch 'im up- has anybody got a med kit?" There was shuffling and murmurs and soon there was a med kit beside them.
<3 this is for my american babies Cal and Grace who make an appearance in this chapter
warning!!! graphic descriptions of a crime scene and a medical emergency
omega leaning against the window glass, eyes the colour of Antarctica as he looked out into the dampened street. John's heart raced, placing his hand on Sherlock's knee, fingers tracing a light circle over the trouser fabric. Sherlock only tensed beneath him.
"m'sorry, Jawn, p-please don't hurt-t me," He whispered, and John only growled.
"Sherlock, please, don't make a fuss. I'm happy, I really am. You'll be happy too, someday, and then you can write to me and apologize for making a fuss about this." Sherlock grimaced and shook his head.
"Shh, Shh, darling, you're alright, daddy's here, sweet boy, that's it, just let it out," Daddy pulled him off the bench and onto his hip, Sherlock gripping onto his neck as he carried him to the armchair, sitting and pulling him onto his lap, their chests pressed together, Sherlock's knees on either side of John's thighs. Daddy carded through his hair some more and held him close, "tell me what's in that brilliant head of yours,"
“It’s very nice, sir,” Sherlock wasn’t really big on cars, but James Bond? He used to watch all of them growing up. Sean Connery had taught Sherlock all he needed to know about his personal preferences. John circled to the drivers side and slid in, pulling on his black leather driving gloves.
"not," he yawned, "sleepy," his eyes fluttered closed, gripping tight to Melly.
"Do not!"
"Emelia is going to stay with Uncle Rudy, indefinitely."
"Mm," Sherlock mumbled, completely engrossed in his reading. The older beta leaned forward to read the spine.
to him. Like a rope wrapped around his middle jolting forward. Ross licked his lips. He looked familiar. She shoved him a bit and he stumbled forward, setting his
"Love, please just call me John." Sherlock bit his lip. He ran a hand through his hair and sat back on his heels, the microscope sitting at his feet.
"What would you want take that for?"
"Why don't we have some tea?" He nodded and sniffled as she pulled him up.
“We’re gonna have to talk this through more tonight, alright love?”
, Sherlock you were-
"You're just like your uncle, Emmy, I remember when he was even smaller than you," Mycroft said sadly, face falling into a frown before Emmy pat his face with her tiny hand, grabbing at his chin and nose and giggling. "I used to read him stories when he couldn't sleep, why don't we try for that?"
"Fine,"
," John warned, and Sherlock could see his face almost, haughty and strong and he bit down even harder, nodding softly even if he was alone in the dark sitting room.
"Yes, dear?"
“That’s not a cat, Everett,” Ross smirked and looked down at Martin, who was looking calmly up at him. Ross ruffled his fur and smiled. Stephen stuttered, “Where did you get that?”
"Oh, yes, I forgot, tell me again about my hormonal, hysterical mind and weakened intellect, you disgusting paperweight." Sherlock leapt and shoved Mycroft to the floor, who growled and flipped them over, pining Sherlock by the wrists, his breath foul and hot on Sherlock's skin. Sherlock bared his teeth, relishing his freedom, now that Mycroft had no claim, he held nothing back, sharply kneeing him between the legs and freeing his hands as Mycroft cringed. He pushed the butt of his hand to Mycroft's nose, the Alpha yelping and crawling backwards off of him, blood dribbling down his lip. Sherlock grinned and scrambled to his feet, his entire body glowing with defensive power.
"Important," Sherlock assured, eyes never leaving the page. Mrs. Hudson tutted and clapped the book closed, tucking it under her arm.
"Right then, let's get to it,"
"J-Jawn," Sherlock sobbed, nose tucked into John's neck, his chest heaving. John only shushed him, pulling him onto his lap and rubbing his back.
thank you for all your comments and support! <3
"He'd want me to do my part," Sherlock answered, looking away and crossing his arms, feeling like a patronized child again, "Take your leave and get out of
"But he was wrong, wasn't he?" John said, breaths heaving as his rut began, and Sherlock's hips bucked upwards, trying to find his Alpha's cock in a wave of pure lust.
"No, brother, you're not dying," Mycroft paused, unsure how to explain, "No, you're not dying, you're just growing. Happens to all of us."
Sherlock's eyes were laden with tears as they walked through the train station. Mrs. Hudson had taken John's arm and they walked, Sherlock following with his hands stuffed in his trouser pockets, watching the floor as if it were the most fascinating thing in the world. John smiled and squeezed Mrs. Hudson's arm before planting a kiss on her cheek.
"Jawn! Stop! Take me back, Jawn!!" Sherlock screeched, scrambling, wrapping himself tightly around John like gangly lichen.
"Like mummy?"
"You said you loved me," John chuckled, clearly in a delirious state of shock. Sherlock let out his breath in a laugh, blinking and smiling like an idiot, pressing a warm wet kiss to John's cheek, petrol be damned. Suddenly they were enveloped in the light of a torch, the crimson stained water glittering around them as John's head lolled back.
"I don't want to court you." He said plainly, but John didn't miss a beat. His eyebrows twitched a bit and his smile faded in disappointment, but his hand rest solidly on Sherlock's knee. John rubbed a bit of blood from the inside of his ear, tracing a bit at the pale white flesh of his cheek before leaning back on his heels and looking up at Sherlock, taking a single hand in his and planting a kiss.
A male to male Alpha beta relationship was, rather rare, not unheard of, but certainly not between an Earl and a bobby for fucks sake! Greg should've turned around, should've broken it off long ago, he thought. But he couldn't help but follow his ruddy stupid, lovesick feet all the way down the pavement to Padington Station, and then to Sherinford.
kill him?"
The small boy whimpered, turning his head back and forth and keening as the first one dropped to his knees in front of him, pressing him to the ground by his wrists, fingers grasping around his bony wrists with unnecessary force. His sharp nose burrowed in the crook of his neck, scenting him, and Sherlock prayed to a god he didn't believe in they wouldn't see his bondbite, or smell John on him at all. This alpha smelled horrible, greasy and scary and Sherlock's pheremonal control began to weaken, his body pumping out waves of submission, an omega's fear response.
courting with
war. Reckless. Dangerous. Stupid. Beautiful. Pregnant Sherlock. Pups. Kin. Family.  John growled and snarled, his Alpha pulling at him.
"You don't have to be sorry," She smiled kindly and pat his shoulder.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Um, can I ask, urm, could you, I mean, may we," Sherlock twiddled his fingers, "snuggle, sir? please?" John chuckled and nodded.
"Oh come off it." John smiled and Greg stood nervously next to him, eyes scanning the half full church. "Do I look alright? Jesus, I haven't been this scared since they tried to shoot the Viceroy." John slicked a hand through his hair nervously and Greg chuckled, reaching forward and straightening John's lapels.
" Sherlock howled.
"Lestrade?" Sherlock called as the older beta moved to go back inside.
"You did spoil that surprise for me, Sherlock, so piss off for that." Greg looked out across the moor and sighed. "Truly, I'm on your side, Sherl, I think it's all horribly unfair." Sherlock looked up slightly, biting his lip. "Not getting a voice, not getting a vote, married off at 13, bloody awful business."
"Sherlock, look at me," a pair of shimmering grey eyes flicked up, full and round and afraid, "I will always help you."
“Go on,” John’s shoe gently touched Sherlock’s ankle, and the younger boy let out a breath. John was entranced by this brilliant boy and his mind. “Explain it to me, I’m interested,”
ago. Sherlock was far more intelligent, far more human than plenty of them. He stopped, tremor stronger than ever and sighed. He'd kill for Sherlock, die for Sherlock. Any day of the week.
"He?" John scoffed, looking up from his patient. This was their fourth round of evacuees. He took in a deep breath and his heart sank in an instant, like a stone thrown into a lake. Through a tangle of limbs and uniforms he smelled it. Sweet blackberries and honey that filled his lungs as he took in a shaky breath. "
"Is there anything I can do, Sherlock?"
"What's that got to do with John?" Sherlock mumbled, crossing his arms.
"I'm sorry," Sherlock whispered, eyes saucers as he looked over his arms, "I- I didn't mean it, I don't hate you. Not at all." John's lips quirked, but he nodded.
Sherlock barely was dry before he heard footfalls on the stairs. He rushed to the sitting room, falling to his knees immediately, hands resting on the back of his nape, twiddling with the small beaded chain that rest there. John tossed his keys onto the bench, ignoring Sherlock entirely. It was a terrible feeling to be ignored. Worse than John's anger or disappointment- yes, Sherlock decided this was the worst of it- to be nothing. Sherlock's eyes welled with tears that choked at the back of his throat, his lips tightening. He swallowed. He would not cry. He would be good, he would take anything his Master gave him with gratitude.
"Put your clothes on, that's an order," She grasped her purse and glared at him, "don't make me knight you,"
"I-uh, where sir?" Sherlock said shakily, taking a second sip of his tea.
Cab. Cab to the house.
"You and Mycroft don't look much alike do you?" She added and Sherlock made an exasperated huff.
“I think I got it daddy,” Sherlock called and John smiled.
"Sherlock, are you alright?" Mrs. H gave his cheek a slap, "You look quite pale,"
7 August 1939 2:35am
When a rainsoaked Sherlock was finally brought home, wrapped in a certain constable's coat, shivering terribly, there was a distraught blonde army captain waiting on the steps.
"I've got it, Jawn,"
"Pleased?" John snorted, laughing sarcastically dark, "You thought I'd be bloody
“Of course, Sherlock, you’ve been good, haven’t you?” Sherlock nodded vigorously, tucking his nose back into John’s scarf, his ear grazing across his stubbled chin. John hoisted the tree into the back of the Land Rover, rubbing Sherlock’s back gently.
the honeymoon-parite un!
"Yes," Sherlock's voice was shaky and John pinched his ear, dragging him forward a bit and raising his eyebrows in a silent challenge. Sherlock stuttered and corrected himself, "-sir! Yes, sir! I understand, Master," Sherlock's voice was soft and pitiful but John wasn't having it. Not today.
"You really didn't have to come, Lestrade." Greg looked up from his something or another, giving Sherlock a furrowed brow. Sherlock still insisted on calling him by his maiden name, as a way to further unacknowledge Mycroft's existence.
”I know darling,” John pet his sides, smiling warmly, heart swollen with adoration for his boy. “You’re alright, you’re mine,
"No talk like that, dearie, you'll only make it worse. You've got to fight, Sherlock, because you're strong. You're stronger than any of us, and you've got to stay strong, and be brave, for John. But for you too, love." Mrs. Hudson said firmly, their eyes locked, "Be strong for yourself, because you are not helpless, and keep that chin up," She smiled and pat his cheek.
"Do I need to speak to your alpha, tell him not to try and do this again?" The nurse spoke gently as she unstrapped him, pulling his pants back on over his knees.
Sherlock shivered, his insides dark and cold as he looked at his feet on the dirty ground, feeling dirty himself. The side door creaked open with a roar of sound before it clicked closed again.
He opened Sherlock’s door and put a firm hand low on his back, leading him in. The waitress led them to the table without even asking their name. Sherlock took inventory of all the other customers. Newspaper owner, cabinet minister, actress. Waitress is an actress too. No gigs. Coat check is writing a novel, but his sister is dying. All the thoughts were dizzying, and John gave him a worried look.
initials inside.
They smiled. Brothers
John.
"What are you working on, dear?" Mrs. Hudson said, a batch of biscuits in her mitted hands. Sherlock was fumbling through her cleaning things beneath the sink, and he only mumbled a reply. "If something's dirty, I can help," She offered, but he only stormed out of her flat, a few bottles in his arms. He was a queer one, that's for sure.
Alan only nodded, clearly not bemused by what might've seemed like a veiled attempt at remaining in the room.
proceed with hugs and love bc I love you all
her. His workmates had smiled when he said he wouldn't be taking Thursdays off anymore; how brave she must be, how smart you two are, she'll be just fine. But it wasn't fine, was it?
"Bed?"
"I am here because Detective Sergeant Lestrade
"No stop, everyone out," Alan interjected, not looking up still, "I want to speak with Mr. Holmes,"
after the first 5 strokes, Sherlock's tears fell free, his whole being split as he bit down on his lip harshly, a dribble of blood running down his chin.
"He's a violent type, Janine, he beat up his girlfriend just an hour ago, who, oh look, right there" Sherlock pointed to a meek looking black-haired girl who slouched in the corner outside his circle of alphas.
"Sherlock what in God's name are you wearing?" Mummy glared as he entered the dining room, and Sherlock glared right back.
"No harm done, love," John smiled, the flat beginning to be less ashy. He put his hands in his pockets and stood with his feet wide, Sherlock blushing at his posture, holding tight around his knees on the rug. "Besides," He mumbled, standing over his now very bashful husband, "maybe I like being treated like a god,"
"No, love, no need to be sorry, but I need to know where those nasty thoughts came from," Daddy curled a strand of his hair in his fingers gently, thumbing away the rebellious tears that had spilled against all of Sherlock's will to stop them. "You said some awfully mean things to yourself, things that are not true, sweet boy," Daddy kissed his forehead and continued to pet his locks. "After that text from your brother, I'm concerned." Sherlock sniffled and wiped his nose on the back of his hand, the tuft of leaves he'd been holding slipping from his fingers to the top of the bench.
"Jesus Christ," John swallowed, and soon he saw the real problem- a bomber diving out of the sky with a screeching roar, howling bullets firing, the orderly rows scrambling, and he let out his breath before watching it circle around for another go, black crosses glinting in the sun. The queues formed once again, but a good number didn't get back up from the ground.
"yoo hoo, oh hello boys, John this came for you," Mrs. Hudson toodled in, giving John a letter and patting Sherlock's hair.
Sherlock looked up and nodded, dressing gown like a cape as he easily reached over her head for the indicated jar. He'd always been on the taller side for an omega, and he'd recently had a growth spurt, and now his jobs included washing, spider killing, and reaching things on high shelves. Mrs. H smiled, her soft velvety skin wrinkling into dimples and Sherlock watched intently as she measured out a tablespoon, then another, and another, mixing it into the bowl with the little blue flowers around the rim. Sherlock lay his head on his arms as he leaned onto the floury worktop, a single inky curl dropping in front of his eyes as he considered her. Baking, was evolutionary chemistry, he decided. A couple hundred years of trial and error, handed down like genetics, altered slightly every so often, and handed down again, until chemical reactions were inadvertently mastered. A silent solidarity, a line of women who each made easier the path for her daughter, and her daughter, and occasionally a son as well, he thought, smiling to himself.
early.
(See the end of the chapter for
Deep and musky and warm, with just a tad bit of alcohol on his breath.
“Right.” Ross said slowly, crossing his arms and looking the man up and down. “Heard of me before then?”
Five minutes and forty seven seconds latter, Sherlock wiped the pencil dust from the paper and stood, his own chair making an equally horrific squeak, Turing's eyes immediately looking up.
"Sherlock, it's not that simple."
"It's so nice to have an omega boy finally." Vanecia held him tight and turned them around, pointing to the girls one by one, "This is Helen, Margie, Agatha, Mary one, Mary two, Holly, Elanor, and Beatrice," Sherlock gave a tentative wave as they all turned to look him over. A plump ginger girl, Agatha, came and touched his hair, floofing up his curls.
"Right, well, I'm coming in now," John paused, waiting for a reply, receiving none. He turned the knob and pushed the door forward, feeling a lumpy resistance in the way. He pushed it far enough to poke his head through the opening, eyes widening at what he found. Sherlock lay on the ground, groaning, covered in sweat. His skin was ghastly and his hair hung in sweaty patches around his face.
! The worstest boy ever.
"It won't be an issue," Sherlock said glumly, once proud of Mycroft's words, now just slightly insulted. "Do give my love to Lestrade,"
"Get a hold of yourself, Sherlock! You're hysterical!" Mycroft seethed.
out before breakfast." She pointed to his knotted and snarling hair. Sherlock looked up at his fringes- he didn't mind them curly and crazy. In fact, he adored the way people looked at him when he left them to their own volitions. He sighed and slumped at the vanity, pulling his knees to his chest as she wet her hands in the basin, pulling the water through his hair. It had been a bit of a struggle the first few times they'd tamed the beast, as Sherlock refused all contact from betas or alphas, so Esther had been called in as reinforcement.
He's a genius to let us have heat together. I haven't wanted your cock in my arse so much since-" Sherlock's brows burrowed in concentration, "oh I don't know, a long while, John, that's all. It's been a very long while."
"John, really, what is the rush?"
"Votre mari est si belle, homme chanceux!" (Your husband is so beautiful, you lucky man!)
"The nursery, upstairs. Why do you have it?" Sherlock whispered, watching the buildings that blurred by. John swallowed and scrubbed at his chin, looking down and the table and clenching his fidgety left hand into a fist.
Suddenly daddy’s four fingers curled inside, finding that perfect spot almost instantly. Sherlock’s back curled cat-like in ecstasy.
"John!" The alpha paused and turned as he approached the door, looking up the enormous staircase to see a pair of pale legs dangling out over the landing. Sherlock leaned forward with conspiring look, holding tight to the balusters and swinging his feet in the air. He looked so boyish in his pinstripe pyjama top and shorts, his hair a curly floof upon his head. John smiled and turned, looking around the hallway before climbing the staircase, slowly, quietly. Sherlock untangled himself from the railing and stood, teeny frame even smaller as he crossed his legs shyly. He blushed, eyes twinkling, and tiptoed across the hallway to John, leaning up on his tiptoes and examining him.
"You didn't say if you wanted this, Sherlock," John prompted softly, tracing his cheekbones with his knuckle as his knot began to throb in it's deflation. The omega's lips turned into a smile, his eyes bright and his cheeks rosy as he curled himself even closer to John, chin tucked over his shoulder and arms wrapped around his neck.
"Look, arsehole, I'm his Alpha, he's supposed to be here, now let him through," John growled, and Greg intervened before any bodily harm could be inflicted on Anderson.
is the most important thing I have ever done."
It would only last for a few weeks until the wedding, but for now, Sherlock smelled delightfully like him.
"Shouldn't you be with Lestrade?"
"But- what are you going to do then? Won't it be difficult to do surgery, with your arm the way it is?"
"Sherlock, pups are a blessing, your fertility is a blessing, and I have not
"N-no!" Sherlock cried, slurring his words as blood continued to pulse out of his wounds, he slowly pushed the tip of the scissors inside of himself, keening in pain.
Sherlock took a shaky breath, stepping to the large clawfoot bath tub, positioning the handheld mirror between his legs, giving him a view of his hateful, disgusting genetalia. He trembled as he brought the scissors to his entrance, gritting his teeth. He paused, gliding the open blade across his inner thigh, just to test it's sharpness. A plume of red pulsed out of the cut and Sherlock watched with fascination as the crimson liquid dribbled down his leg into the tub and circled the drain. He cut once more on the other leg, the pain from the first incision hitting him in a dizzying wave. Time to get to work.
"But-" She fixed him with a glare that made it clear there'd be no arguments, and Sherlock rolled his eyes before unbuttoning his pyjamas, "Yes ma'am,"
"There's one that I don't mind," John opened one eye playfully and Sherlock rolled his eyes dramatically.
"M'fine, Jawn," Sherlock whispered, and John inquisitively scented him before raising his eyebrows.
"Isn't it marvelous, John?!"
"Oh?" Sherlock tried not to sound too excited to hear from Lestrade, as he was linked to Mycroft and that could only lead to disaster.
"You really could have just texted me, ma'am,"
Sherlock gasped, struggling, writhing for air, his curls sloshing this way and that but John held him down by his wrists with alpha strength. Sherlock somehow pulled his left wrist free, and John realized his entire left arm was useless, and it hit him like a tonne of bricks. He'd been shot. The fire raged above them, and it was an inhuman choice- to drown or to burn.
Sherlock watched the genius and something inside of him warmed. As if he'd finally found somebody like him.
, Sherlock. I'm not saying it's right, but it is what it is."
"Right, alright, I'll ask Sherlock when he's better,"
John's breathing was fast for a moment as it hit him. Father. He was going to be a father. Fuck. FUCK.
“Sorry, excuse me,” He said, quickly dashing for Shuri, who was talking to a black sand hologram. Ross immediately recognized the Black Panther’s soft voice.
Silence.
"I'm your alpha, Sherlock, your safety is my first priority,"
"Is it dangerous?"
"Alright, everybody, settle down," Greg shouted, clinking his glass with a butter knife, and the room fell into silence. "I'm gonna make a speech so you better be quiet!
"Why are you watching me?" Sherlock said, heart thumping in his chest as John came up behind him, wrapping his arms around his shoulders and kissing his neck. It felt, warm and soft and wet and he wanted to faint.
the only one, I was wrong and- I let myself forget how special you are, and how lucky I am to have you,"
"I never want you to think that I'm,
"Sherl? Sherl, are you alright?" He could just barely see Janine through the fog, tapping his cheek and handing him toast haphazardly spread with jam. He took it but his hands were shaking, and Janine took it back before he could drop it. He tried to speak, mouth agape, but the words were caught in his throat and his eyes filled with terror.
"Well, the curls are natural, and I don't usually wear any makeup," He said softly, twisting open a tin of moisturizer and dotting it on his drier skin.
John seethed, slapping a hand to Sherlock's arse, and biting at his ear.
"Offer John a position at the foreign office."
"Hey! Be nice! Or I'll report you!" Vanecia glared at them in the mirror with her best impression of the commander and everyone laughed, everyone except Sherlock, who looked out the back of the van, watching the street as it rolled beneath them, stone after stone after stone, the conversation fading away from his ears, just the hum of the engine beneath him, the jostle of his ankles as they went over the practically ancient street. He closed his eyes and bit his lip, his stomach wretching with guilt and pain as he leaned his head back against the metal of the bench. John, god, where was John? What was he doing? Acting as if John hadn't saved him, as if John didn't complete him.
, it's atrocious, outrageous! And an American! Parliament won't stand for it- he'll move on and find someone proper...bloody outrageous! Although I do agree with him, we ought to be in better relations with the Germans, hell, war probably did 'em some good! They do things better on the continent, as you know, omegas brought up right. These days every shopkeeper and schoolteacher is leaking slick all over the place, it's dreadful, bloody outrageous!"
pulling him closer. Blind hands reached for him, and he immediately fell into his arms, tucking under his chin, enveloped in his warmth, deliriously gulping down deep breaths of
(See the end of the chapter for
"amusez-vous, les garçons! à la française!" Marie giggled and waved them off as they walked down the dusty road arm in arm. John waved back with a furrowed brow.
Unless...
"If you were to move in the wrens of Hut 3, and join us during the day, your work would not suffer. Our work would not suffer. But you would not be living in a lie."
“Of course, love, why don’t you get our coats while I get the check?” Sherlock nodded and scuttled off. John couldn’t help but take a look as he went away. God, that arse was perfect. Once the check was settled, John met him at the coat check, he was smiling, coat on and holding John’s tenderly, like it was made of gold.
"Not if I can help it now up you get, and go get dressed," She gave him a smack and he grumbled, stomping up the stairs. He pulled off his dressing gown and replaced it with his tweed blazer, slipping on socks and lacing his shoes. He sat on his bed and froze. He sniffed the air, his heart racing as he shoved his face to the other half of the bed. It had only been a week and already John's musk was fading. Sure, his territory was still marked, but the sheets had lost that strong, dark, whiskey smell of John's sleepy skin. Sherlock sucked in a breath and squared his shoulders. It was alright. He was alright. He poked into the loo and opened John's cupboard, his razor and comb gone, but his bottle of aftershave still stood and Sherlock grabbed it quickly, pouring a drop onto his wrist (it tingled a bit) and sucked in a gulp of the heathery, deep musk.
After an hour or so, John excused them both, putting his arm around his shy mate, who'd barely spoken a word the whole time, leading him back up the creaking stairs.
"Good morning, gorgeous," John yawned, opening his arms wide, and Sherlock immediately crawled into them, curling up against his chest, and John's eyes closed again. Sherlock curled a few of John's chest hairs in his fingers, face awash with shame- the silence ringing in his ears.
scrawled in fountain pen. His fingers shook has he grasped it, pulling it close and breathing in that warm, musky, gunpowder smell that sent his stomach aflutter.
strong omegas," Sherlock giggled, and John shrugged.
"I killed her," He whispered, just barely keeping himself from growling, "She- tried to get out but I kicked her and I- she's dead," He bit his lip after the shameful words were spoken, wishing with all his might he could beat himself bloody, he was so angry. Janine was his friend. One of his only friends. And now she was gone and it didn't make sense. He looked to the commander with worry. Would he be chastised, discharged, arrested? Isn't that what you did to murderers?
"No! Don't talk down to me, patronize me, I can't stand it. It's only adding insult to injury."
"Myc, shhh," Greg lulled, his rough cheek scratchy against Mycroft's, fingers carding through the curly, product-less ginger curls atop his ears.
"Yes, I- but he'll have to- keep doing this- I can't, I know he isn't mine, but-"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Jawn I don't think you're old!"
“No, not really, actually.” The older man cocked an eyebrow and smiled.
Sherlock sat in shock, he was practically catatonic. Lestrade furrowed his eyebrows in concern. There was a tense silence. London? Was this  a joke? The alpha part he'd negotiate later- hell, London? A thousand places to run to in London.
Emmy made a squeak in affirmative. Mycroft smiled and reached for a book on her chest of drawers. He pulled his spectacles out of his pocket and held them out to read and squinting at the yellow title surrounded by stars on a blue book jacket.
"I have to go." Sherlock said abruptly, turning away and sprinting down the corridor, face still burning hot with embarrassment and oh dear god, some other unearthly feeling he could not describe. Suddenly, strong tan fingers grasped his hand as he left, pulling him back. Sherlock's eyes went wide and he tried to tug away, before this baser creature inside him did anything stupid. The Alpha's sweet aroma made him wobbly, and he made only meek attempts to escape as a second hand came back to rest on his chin, turning his head to the side once more.
Sherlock whined, entire body spasming in protest as he quickened his pace. John sighed and gave him a pat.
"Mm," John nodded and continued to massage his scalp as the loose beginings of heat filtered through his nose. "He's the maths one, yeah?"
"Go?" Sherlock's eyes were wide, saucers, as she seethed at him. He didn't understand. If she was hurt, wouldn't she want help? Greg pulled Emilia from Sherlock's arms and placed her in the highchair at the dining table, which upset her terribly, and she let out another screeching wail, tears streaming down her face, reaching back for Sherlock.
"It was Mycroft," Sherlock said quickly, looking up with wide glowing eyes, "I thought you'd be pleased,"
"Qui êtes-vous, madame?" (Who are you, ma'am?)
"Oh my god, dear, you're alright, you're alright," She said kindly, brushing his curls and holding upright as he swayed on his knees, his face ashen pale.
"Not too late at all Sherlock, what is it?" Sherlock's eyes brightened and his lips turned into a sweet innocent smile. He shuffled his feet and squirmed off of daddy's lap and scampered to the kitchen. John smiled and leaned back in his chair before a small bunch of leaves was dangling in front of his eyes. Sherlock slyly crawled down the back of the chair and straddled John, looking up at him from under his dark eyelashes.
"My commanding officer is a genius,"
“Have you decided what you’ll have sir?” The waiter asked, almost rolling his eyes at the overheard conversation. Sherlock panicked, he hadn’t even opened the menu.
"You want them to shoot?" Louise almost choked, "they're mechanics, not foot soldiers."
"You alright, sport?" Greg offered, pulling his cigarette from his lips.
"yours, Jawn, yours, Alpha, all yours," Sherlock whispered as the knot pressed through, plugging him tight. His voice heard like a tiny prayer in the steaming warmth of their bodies, skin on skin, heat on heat. A symphony of sensations and data he was too lost to try and collect. His whole mind was quiet, his heart swollen with pride. He was
Sherlock lay awake, his eyes open and glowing as he watched the ceiling, his mind palace locked firmly locked. They left tomorrow for France, to billet with the Expeditionary Force. He looked over to Janine, who was likewise awake and lie on her side, eyes closed, before turning to their tiny window and looking at the stars- fogged over with thick clouds, but a few little lights straggled through. Somewhere, in the middle of the sea, John might look up and see the same shapes and sparkling dots as Sherlock. That is if he was still in the Northern Hemisphere, which Sherlock was fairly sure of. Sherlock sat up on his cot, rubbing at his hair and holding the back of his nape in his hands, resting his forehead in his bent knees, his own breath fogging on his skin. Sleep was a strange thing. To cut oneself off and go entirely below, deep into the dark abyss, where the subconscious could send anything at him and he couldn't control it.
"Certainly not, but I did get word from Dr. Watson," Gregory's eyes widened and he raised his eyebrows. "Asked me to 'look after' my brother,"
I hope this wasn't boring, I tried to spice it up, I promise things are going to get even spicier!
"Is it terribly expensive to fly?" John smiled.
“Feeling better, baby?” John said softly, tucking a lock of chocolate curls behind his ear. Sherlock nodded.
✰✰ tell me what u think 🥺
"If it's a girl, you can name it. I want to name it if it's a boy,"
The omega gasped when he saw the address.
," John put a up a hand and Sherlock stopped. "I really don't need this right now, besides, you have washing to do." John gave him a rough nod before pulling his suit jacket over his shoulders, straightening it and squaring his jaw. He ordered some papers on his desk, grabbing his briefcase. He tucked his orders into his breast pocket and gave Sherlock a kiss to his cheek, holding it for a second longer, just to feel warm, soft skin beneath his lips.
life giver.
"Come on, love, let's have tea, I'm thirsty," John panted, pulling his black coat on and straightening his shirt before fluffing his hair. Sherlock grinned mischievously and pulled his jacket over his shoulders, buttoning it like he hadn't just gobbled his flatmate off in a supply closet.
He hadn't told Mummy. She wouldn't have approved of them going to the doctor for this. A shameful, sacrilegious act- if anyone found out, if the rumors got out even before Sherlock's first courtiers caught whiff- he'd be ruined, the family would be ruined, and everyone could gloat about the young Alpha who'd let his entire family down because he couldn't control his disgraceful baby brother.
Sherlock let the familiar faces of his unit haze by him, nodding with a weak smile as the girls embraced him one by one. Their sweet friendly scents and kind eyes did nothing to ease him, this cruel twisting thing inside of him. Debased, inhuman, a monster.
14 February 1939
like hell this a proper introduction, Strange. -ER
"John Hamish, will you have this omega to be your wedded bondmate, to live together after God’s ordinance in the holy estate of matrimony? Will you love him, comfort him, honour and keep him in sickness and in health, and forsaking all others, keep yourself only unto him, so long as he lives?"
"Don't be stupid, Sherlock, does John know?" Mycroft's fist tightened around the wooden handle and he knit his brows together.
"You know, I've seen omegas die before, and it's always tragedy. It was always because of what they were. But Janine didn't die that way. Janine died because she was brave, even when she didn't have to be,"
"Open the door.
“Oh, yes and every tresspasser
"I can't swim, John, I think I'll just stay here."
"You'll figure it out, sir, if you love someone, you figure it out." John looked to the side at the kind-eyed young man who stood beside him.
"When?"
"I don't think she'd mind,"
"I'll admit, you are beautiful, Sherlock, no matter if you can see it or not, but that's not why I want you." John cleared his throat, eyes full and deep as the ocean, lapping at the shore, "I chose you because I think you're brilliant, your mind and your heart, you see so much more than the rest of us, and you
"Oh, sorry love, I'll only be a minute," John smiled as he pulled the safety razor down his chin. Sherlock watched intently. Omegas were quite hairless besides their heads, and Sherlock had never shaved in life.
Her hips moved to side to side, imagining the foxtrot with a handsome suitor, back in her glory days. Back when there were tea gowns and oil lamps and carriages not cars. She sighed and hummed along, scrubbing at a particularly stubborn mixing bowl when she heard the knocker of the door slam closed. She gasped and clapped her hands together before rushing to meet the men at the door. A golden Alpha with armfuls of suitcases stood in her doorway, and she let out a coo before rushing to meet him.
"What is there to do about it, Sherlock?" John said plainly, reaching out to tuck a single dark lock behind his husband's ear. Sherlock sat back even further, shaking his head and pushing John away.
"Welcome aboard, Mr. Holmes," Alan half-whispered as he sat back in his chair and looked at him strangely, giving him a fake smile, his eyes cataloging Sherlock in disbelief. Sherlock's heart sagged in relief and he nodded vigorously, a single curl breaking loose of his hair and dangling in his forehead. Alan's nostrils flared, his eyes flickering over Sherlock as the boy's excitement drew out his hormones. It was never really going to work- a suppressant designed by an alpha was never meant to
"Holmes Residence,"
"b-bitte," Sherlock whispered, his eyes doleful and sweet, his entire body fighting him as he pumped out his scent, hoping the blond soldier bought it. Clearly, he was too good a prize to pass up, and his comrades agreed, closing in as a pack, and Sherlock swallowed nervously. This could really go wrong if he didn't play it right.
"I can't swim, John," Sherlock mumbled, fiddling with his fingers in his lap as John pressed himself up using the edge of the dock, the omega budging over to make room as he hoisted himself up next to Sherlock. The alpha's eyes glowed mischievously, and Sherlock really ought to have seen it coming, he was far to lost in John's eyes to notice before it was far too late. The shock of the slap of water on his skin was only momentary before he went under, struggling fitfully to crawl up to the surface, shaking out his curls underwater, eyes pressing closed. Suddenly he was pulled up, two strong hands under his armpits, until he was back in the air again. He sucked in a breath before he coughed and spit up water, his eyes burning with saline. His eyes glowed like a cat in the bathtub as he frantically tried to paddle.
"My, calm down, what's going on?"
John pulled away to catch his breath, eyes still shut.
“Yes Sherlock?”
sorry, please don't leave me, Master, please," Sherlock's pitiful blubbering of apologies cut John to the core. No matter how John disciplined Sherlock, Sherlock's punishment for himself was always worse. Sherlock bowed his head to the floor, nuzzling his master's shoes, lapping at the polished leather, cleaning them of specks of North London mud. If he was in any fit state he could deduce exactly where, but instead he washed his shoes with tears, being extra cautious to lap away the blood that dribbled on them.
It was certainly, most definitely Sherlock's fault.
"TIll death us do part,"
Sherlock Holmes was going to die.
Suddenly, in the distance, the air howled with a siren, far away in the city, the sky thundering and roaring with the sound of an engine. John's eyes startled open as Sherlock began to tremble, trying to pull himself up off of John's knot in blind panic, sure to hurt himself. It wasn't a pleasant sensation on John's end either, and he grunted before gripping Sherlock by the forearms and searching his manic eyes. Calming Sherlock during an air raid was difficult at the best of times, but this was definitely the worst time. Thank God it wasn't their street.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes, Sherlock?”
thank you for reading, cuties!!! I know a lot of you asked for John to be a lot more rough and dominating and "Alpha" during sex, but I just couldn't do that to Sherlock, (at least not the first time *wink*)
"Do you know her husband's name?" Sherlock sighed, growling just a tad.
never approve," Mycroft sighed, shaking his head even though Greggory couldn't see him.
"Lovely," John smiled, "so tell me about your courses, love," Sherlock swallowed, shuffling about so he was leaning against the wall, tapping the base of the microscope with his toe.
"Not exactly." The ginger man sighed.
21 January 1936
Sherlock keened and nodded, shaking and trembling like  a leaf, shivering as beads of sweat rolled down his back, John's clothed thighs chafing against his own.
"Are you feeling better, darling?"
Sherlock didn't know what to think of that.
"Aw come on, scent him, John!" Someone cried, and the room erupted in agreement and laughter. Sherlock swallowed nervously, trembling slightly. John looked him in the eyes, quite seriously, eyes glowing warm and dangerous, holding tight to Sherlock's shoulders before leaning in and marking him, rubbing his own scent glands across Sherlock's the slight stubble of the alpha's chin scratching at Sherlock's delicate skin as their scents mixed. John breathed in a deep lungful of Sherlock, sweet and delicious and innocent, breathing out his own, musky and dark and powerful. He lapped his tongue softly at the crook of his neck and Sherlock felt faint.
"But you can't promise, John, you can't!" Sherlock whispered, voice finally broken, a single rebellious tear running down his cheek. John tutted and wiped it away with his thumb, resting it on Sherlock's face as his eyes became very serious.
"Good boy," John smirked, "Go to the mirror," Sherlock mindlessly obeyed, so floaty and lost in his bliss he didn't even think twice. "God, I bet you look gorgeous, practically carved out of marble, ravished just by my words, you're
"Alright, Sherlock, off we get," She gave the omega woman a polite smile and tugged him along.
. Strong and smart and sexy and perfect- hands strong and soft like he was halfway between snapping you in half and cuddling a kitten. It was rather distracting, actually.
"Y'know, John," Sherlock said, sighing and flopping his head onto the Alpha's good shoulder.
"You really ought to care, but alright, we'll go," John sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. "But I retain the right to change my mind any step of the way- the continent is a bloody mess at the moment, I won't let you anywhere where it isn't safe." Sherlock huffed, biting down on his lip and sighing. "Don't pout love, I can't help it,"
"You want me to come up to stay?" Greg whispered, leaning back in his chair, tapping his pencil on his desk. Mycroft and him had been seeing eachother for a few years now- very hush hush. My was on his way up in the Secret Service, and Greggory was just still a constable. Besides, an Alpha like Mycroft couldn't be seen courting a drab little beta like Greg, he supposed.
"He can't leave, Mycroft. Assign him something, anything,"
he was in a hallway, and being attacked by a pack of rabid animals. The Napoleon Complex was not new to him and hardly required any further evidence(*cough* JOHN!), but these compact cattle hearding beasts were the icing on the cake to shove down Mycroft's throat. A gaggle of corgis were assaulting him, one nipping at his heel, the other two tugging hard at the sheet wrapped around his waist. He stood barefoot on the plush, ornate carpet and this was really
"Sherlock!" The omega gasped and turned to see Greg coming around the bins. "Hello!" Sherlock only watched in terror, face flushed with crimson. Greg wasn't supposed to see him like this- like a housewife.
"Don't you ever,
"I'm Sherlock," He said softly, eyes glowing as the man looked down the sheet. The Alpha looked up at him with a smug grin.
"Harry, I look ridiculous, I'm not wearing this." He grumbled, looking at the floor length mirror before looking down at his feet- socks and garter ribbons and all. He glanced back up at mirror, and the wretched blue tartan garment that went to his knees.
"This may be a tad uncomfortable, sweetheart, try to relax," Sherlock shook his head, curls in his eyes, sweat and tears drying on the tips of his fringes. He didn't relax, he couldn't relax. The cold metal entered him and he keened, involuntarily screaming through his nostrils.
"We're going through!" Violet announced across the room, and the rest of the party headed through the door to the dining room. Sherlock looked away for a moment, and Greg watched as Victor poured a splash of a smaller bottle into his drink. He furrowed his brow and cocked his head a bit. Victor's beady eyes flicked over to Greg, and he moved to put the bottle in his coat pocket, but instead placed it back amongst the other decanted liquors. Greg shook his head. Seeing what he did all day, he was being paranoid. He followed Mycroft into the dining room, and Sherlock snatched his drink from Mr. Trevor.
“Greg, could you give us a minute?” John smiled at Lestrade kindly, and the older man nodded and left the room, the door swinging closed. John’s smile instantly disappeared when the door shut, eyes wide and hands on hips. He didn’t need to say a thing- no admonishment, no reprove. Only the cold, hard glare of a Dominant, eyes swirling a blue so dark they looked black. Sherlock shivered- his legs wobbly beneath him under John’s harsh look. He dropped to his knees before John with a thud, wincing and averting his eyes.
Sherlock looked up at him through his long dark eyelashes, eyes wide as saucers and whispered, “I’m not?” John sighed and knelt down in front of Sherlock, one hand carding his hair right above his ear, another tracing his cheekbones gently, like he was a polished marble statue.
"But-" The alpha cut him off and grasped him by the shoulder with kind eyes.
"It's alright darling, we don't have to think about that, just dance with me," John's gravely whisper was warm and sweet in his ear as he pulled him close once more, but Sherlock's heart wasn't in it. He lay his head back down on a warm shoulder once again, if only because his mind was too full of heavy thoughts to hold up on his own.
"Christ! Oh Christ, bloody hell Sherlock," John keened, grasp tightening in his curls. John was just about there...like going up the front half of a rollercoaster..."Sherlock you can't seriously be humming
✰✰ tell me what you think! ✰✰
"Sandwiches it is then,"
heats- "claim bond knot breed", right? His books were frightfully unenlightening as to the specifics- only chirping out little epigrams about "natural instincts" and "loving consummation of bonding". Nothing about what exactly he need expect- would John expect him to know what to do? Would John tie him down and take him? It would probably be painful, he'd never even used those grotesque "heat relieving" devices Mycroft had bought him. And the knot? Estimating from the diagram, it's width was about 15-20 centimetres inflated. How was that going to fit?! There'd probably be blood, and tearing, and he already had scars there...
"However will I stop it, this flood of your juices, all over my nice suit, what do you need me to do?" Sherlock's back arched as his speed increased, his fingers twisting around his shaft as he wriggled on his knees, digging into the carpet.
"You'll find out soon enough," She lead them closer to the Alpha, who stood waiting for them, and Sherlock could tell he was a captain.
"You mean, past the barricade, sir?" Moran gave him a look that said
“Yeah?” Sherlock nodded and crawled off the bed, daddy’s eyes watching ravenously as his t-shirt rode up in the back, teasing the view. He pulled a string of multi-color fairy lights out of the closet, placing them on the mattress and pressing his wrists together and presenting them to daddy with a sweet, naive smile. John licked his lips and his eyes darkened, a pleased grumble escaping his chest. Sweet little Sherlock, how did he know?
"So poshboy, tell me," John said sweetly, voice low and dripping with honey, "will we be dancing again friday night?"
Sherlock clambered up into the civilian craft, being pulled up by two sets of hands. He immediately turned, making sure they pulled John gently, and the alpha flopped against the decks, the crowd of evacuees moving to make room.
The german grinned, his riffle held in his hands, approaching the vehicle that had crashed up ahead.
Soon he was wrapped in a towel, kind calloused hands pulling a shirt over his arms, putting his feet into pajamas and pulling them up. Sherlock opened his mouth to speak but no words came.
“Really, sir?”
“Daddy!” Sherlock squealed and blushed feverishly, wrapping hands around to cover his backside, “what’re we gonna do today daddy?” He bit his lip and looked up at John innocently.
Sherlock bit his lip and Alan groaned, setting his glasses on his desk and lacing his fingers together- as if Sherlock was a child in over his head.
"But John I already-"
house. Their house....going back to their house to...
He accented the stairs to hear shuffles and shouts, both Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson, pausing midway, frowning at the upset omega pheromones that met him. His boy was displeased it seemed, hopefully he'd be in a good mood when he saw John.
He rang the buzzer and heard rustling.
John Watson will refuse to any and all accounts of him screaming “like a girl”- he was a well grown man, and a very masculine one at that- He does
do that again," Sherlock nodded sadly, and John smiled, "Quite right, now let's get you dressed, darling," He pat his knee and Sherlock crawled off the bed, feet cold against the wood floors of their room as he padded towards the bathroom, leaving the door slightly ajar- he didn't know the rules here, and he didn't want to break them, not again. He looked at his own reflection, a bit flushed with fever, his hair like a fluff of wool on his head. He quickly turned the taps and washed his skin with the soap he found. He jumped when he looked in the mirror and saw John watching him.
"Oh my, let's sit him down," Another woman's voice. Sherlock blinked a few times to clear the haze, a nurse. She guided him to the steps by the portside door and sat him down on them, a cup of tea put between his trembling fingers, watching as the liquid sloshed, the ship creaking this way and that, his breaths shallow and weak.
11 May 1939
"Well, I do love weddings, you know, and children,"
John sighed, holding the stack of wrapped packages under one arm, pushing the door to the flat open with the other. He tossed his keys into the bowl and dropped the packages on the coffee table. Sherlock lay on his tummy, hair ruffled with a pencil in his ear, books and papers in a pile all around him. He grinned like an idiot and pushed himself up to his knees, pulling the pencil out of his nest of curls.
"Shh, that's alright, he's a good guy," Sherlock said, eyes locked on his Alpha, who was practically glowing holding her.
look into place and strode over to where he was speaking to a rounder asian man. The strange man looked up and Ross shivered at the ethereal multi-colored eyes that bore down to his soul. The look between them felt, deep and passionate and reasonating. It was slightly religious. Religious? What the hell was wrong with him? He was not some teenager looking at a crush.
"Easy for you to say. You're not being sold tomorrow." Mycroft swallowed, hands clenching into fists. He opened his mouth to speak, but swallowed whatever it was he had intended to say, instead resting a hand on his brother's blanketed knee, still not looking at him.
a daughter, and didn't even mention her name. He certainly didn't seem very motivated to come pick her up, so for now, they'd been inseparable. Greg felt like he knew her, but he couldn't place it.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm not in shame, it's transport. But you mustn't say anything, Alan, I mean it, you have no idea how much this means to me.
"No, I mean, I'm happy for you, but he shouldn't- you should get to
"They
Sherlock watched in abject horror as John returned with a tiny black bottle of antiseptic, turning it over onto his handkerchief before kneeling in front of a still-shaking Sherlock, whose eyes pressed closed even before he touched his ear.
Is that too much for you to understand, Sherlock?"
I love you all so much ~rory
"If you don't wish to come, please have candor with me," Mycroft paused, making sure his study door was closed. "You're
"To love," He glowed, thumb brushing over Sherlock's scent gland, sending him into shivers, "cherish, and to protect form harm,"
“Oy vey you must be in love.”
"-be in a breeding stand tomorrow," Sherlock grumbled, crossing his arms and squaring his shoulders.
He smirked and looked himself over once again before heading down for breakfast.
“Yes, John.” John turned from his laptop and kept a stabilizing hand on Sherlock’s cheek.
," Sherlock hissed, closing his eyes and trying to maintain his dignity. This pompous arsehole had forced him to repeat the sonata's opening lick five times. He sure as hell was not going to do it again.
"Smooth, it's smooth, well, except," He hissed as he touched it, the sensitive, freezing little bud that perked beneath his fingertips as he pinched it with a whine, "s'cold, John,"
"He hurt you!" Sherlock cried indignantly.
(See the end of the chapter for
John watched as Sherlock huffed up the stairs, and he swore he saw him wipe his eyes before turning to discuss the randy bunny with his housekeeper.
thank you for reading! *muah*
"To the bride and groom,"
Pleased that my omega thinks he's clever enough to outwit me when I told him
Hateful. He set his glass aside and leaned on his umbrella, looking down at the beautiful redwood floors of the London house.
"Sorry, John, I know I shouldn't have asked, like that. We can- we can get rid of it before it becomes anything," Sherlock sniffled, pushing away John's hand. The Alpha growled and put it back quickly, finding Sherlock's brilliant blue eyes glowing in the darkness.
"Not so important as to prevent you getting some fresh air and going shopping with me,"
Sherlock growled at his omega, who was fighting for control.
"I'm- I'm," He paused, "nervous." She looked at him sideways and nodded.
"Don't be trite. Gregory's the one who wrangled these people, convince them to celebrate another year of your existence, really, quite difficult a task I assure you." Mycroft retorted. Sherlock bit his lip, not letting himself be hurt. Mycroft held open the door and Sherlock growled, huffing and crossing his arms to rejoin the gathering. "Be sure to smile,"
"You're brilliant, Sherlock, truly," Alan said softly, pulling out his handkerchief from his pocket and offering it to Sherlock, who smiled gratefully and took it from ink-stained fingers, "I'm sorry that socie- no, I'm sorry that I would've underestimated you, I'm sorry you felt the need to do this, I truly am. Nobody should do that to anybody else, nobody should hurt anybody else,"
?” Sherlock nodded vigorously, eyes cast down still. “Care to elaborate?” Sherlock gulped, rubbing nervous hands down his thighs.
“It-It-It’s perfect daddy,” Sherlock whispered in shock, eyes glued to the glowing lights, his heart thumping fast. His eyes welled up with tears, threatening to spill over. John noticed and brushed his cheeks with his thumb, smiling kindly.
"Did nothing of the sort" Alan said with a faint smile, "I proved that it had no answer. I'm sorry, where did you read that, did they give you a brief or something?"
"Women's Land Army," Sherlock scrunched his eyebrows together.
Sherlock flopped onto his stomach and crawled under his four post bed, fiddling with the floor board until it came loose, putting it aside and pulling forth the old hat box by the handle into the light. A glass syringe, some old science books of Mycroft's that would've been deemed inappropriate reading material and a certain blue envelope with
"Mummy, please, can we not swear so early in the day?" Mycroft glanced up from a mouthful of cake, first to his mother and then to Sherlock. He smiled sarcastically and bit his cheek. Sherlock only grinned at their attention, gracefully sitting in his chair, reaching across the spread for the toast. Mummy tutted and Sherlock growled a bit before leaning back properly, rolling his eyes as he spread the jam over it, tucking in ravenously.
“Do you need a nap, little one?” Sherlock nodded vigorously. “Alright, c’mere,” Daddy pulled Sherlock into his arms, Sherlock wrapped around his middle like a baby koala. He changed the soiled sheets off the bed and fetched Melliferia from the side table. He set Sherlock into the sheets and pulled the duvet over him, tucking stuffed bee in as well. Sherlock blushed sleepily and looked up at daddy innocently.
"Jawn, hold on tighter, you're going to sink if you let go!" Sherlock admonished, grasping tight to the heavy, water logged fabric of John's uniform.
"Shut up, Sherlock, that's not fair,"
Jawn, cock, please. Need your cock
Sherlock, beautiful Sherlock, in uniform, curled in on himself, his soft chocolate hair cut short around his ears, pale skin flushed with pink as he leant his forehead against the railing of the steps. His once delicate fingers were stained with petrol and gunpowder, his face smudged with a bit of it too.
Sherlock felt a frown tugging on his lips as he got to to work changing the tyres on the lorry, his breath fogging in the air and the steam crystallizing on his rose-coloured cheeks. He spared a glance to the sky, overcast and dreary, and Sherlock shivered, wrapping himself tighter in his coat, rubbing his forearms to heat them. He fell to his knees in the snow, pushing down on the lever and trembling with cold. It was so damn cold all the time, and he would find out later it was the coldest winter Europe had seen since 1895.
Sherlock's knees hit the floor with a thump, his eyes wide and pure as he pressed fingers around daddy's calves, his ankles tucked under his bum, fluffy tail brushing the tops of his feet as he knelt below his daddy. John pet his hair gently, admiring his antlers and Sherlock ducked his head, leaning on daddy's muscular thigh to allow him more access, practically purring at the touch. Daddy gave him a gentle pat on the back of his neck, and Sherlock swallowed nervously. He glanced once more at daddy's quite chuffed smile before reaching with tentative hands to daddy's trousers, slowly unzipping, blushing horribly, eyes flickering up, unsure as he nuzzled into the warm, musky smell between daddy's legs.
"...Sherl, y'alright?" Vanecia said, grasping his shoulder and searching his eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock leaned his head against the rail as he sat on the terrace, legs dangling into the warm Mediterranean air, a sweet citrus smell filling his lungs as he watched the rolling hills of countryside and listened to sweet chirping of birds somewhere far away. The switch from London to Monaco was going from black and white newsreels to technicolor films, and Sherlock sighed satedly. There was no Mycroft here. No expectations. No stupid parties or rules or ceremony. Just the sun hanging low in the sky and the trees and the sea.
"But, I thought I was supposed-"
"I was- I am in the army, sir, I served in France,"
"Not at all," He grinned, "I would've joined the Navy if I wasn't a doctor,"
~but not really~
"Oh mon! Oh mon! tu montes à l'étage, je vais te chercher de la nourriture!" (Oh my! Go upstairs and I can bring you some sustenance!) She cried, pulling John by the elbow into the house, who could only nod and smile and hope for the best. Sherlock whined, trembling and aching, his scent growing sweeter and John had to control himself to not mount him in the hallway. She pushed them into the master bedroom and opened their basket, pulling out the fruit and bread and bottle of sparkling water. She popped it open with a bottle opener that appeared out of nowhere before hurrying out, the door closing behind her with a click.
"Sherl, you alright?" Vanecia smiled, tucking into some toast as she rubbed his shoulders.
. Sherlock swallowed nervously, eyeing the offered hand like it was a knife. He slowly took it, hating the touch- god his senses were begging him to stop.
please let me know how I'm doing, I'm rather out of my depth here <3
"P-please, Jawn, Alpha,
www.bbc.co.uk/history/ww2peopleswar/stories/63/a2062063.shtml
Mr. Trevor, as it turned out, was bringing along his dull omega sister, who was staying with him, and Violet Holmes was not having it. She sat elegantly at her letter desk, putting down the telephone and sighing, rubbing her temples. There truly was nothing worse than an uneven dinner party. She capped her pen and stood, gracefully striding across her sitting room and into the hallway, down towards the library. She didn't even want to imagine where Sherlock was off to- and she figured that if she did, she wouldn't be happy, and she was already so rather stressed, why bother? She entered the library and was shocked to find her younger son sprawled on the ginormous armchair instead of the older.
"You need to sleep. Did you get anything in the post?"
"He's six years old, the chances of a Holmes male presenting omega alone, along with presenting so young are astronomical at best-" Mycroft was filled with a sudden dread, a chill that ran along his spine and settled in a grimace on his face. Familial bonding or what have you, but the alpha in his blood
"Ah," John pressed a second and third kiss to Sherlock's head. He knew the feeling. Every moment like this, ever milometer of smooth petal skin he could grasp was heaven. His aching, throbbing leg had dulled. "It might be a very long while again, darling,"
“You gonna come to sleep, daddy?” Sherlock mumbled, face crumpled into Melly’s soft fur, her wings tickling his ears. John shook his head.
"I'm sorry?"
squeal. Sherlock knows better. He leaned in and pressed his palms against daddy’s chest, nuzzling their noses together.
"Sherlock, calm down, there's nothing I can do, Sherlock, and some things are better left alone." Sherlock stomped his foot, feeling younger and younger, like a child again, powerless.
hello my loves! please tell me what you think, your comments and suggestions make me so happy!!
15 May 1939
Silence.
"Joyeux Noel," He whispered, taking one more look onto the frozen plain, brushing the snow from his uniform and turning to follow his friend, mumbling so quiet he could barely hear himself, "Joyeux Noel, John,"
"Go on, now, tell me what it feels like, shy little thing," Sherlock almost giggled at John's silly tone, imagining him leaned over a public phone, putting coin after coin in the slot, whispering these filthy things where anyone could hear.
"W'd'ya say we
“That’s right, kitty, we’re moving! New house, new friends,” husband? Partner? Sorcerer supreme? He smiled and snuggled Marty closer, locking the door on his way out. The taxi back to the sanctum was leisurely, giving Marty the occasional pet and ignoring the drivers glares because Martin wasn’t in his kennel. Everett missed his apartment, even though his Brooklyn residence, quite spacious and financed by the good old US of A, was kinda dodgy in comparison to a Manhattan mansion filled with priceless ancient artifacts. They pulled up to 177a and Ross paid the driver quickly. He opened the door, Strange lounging on the stairs, head flopped back in boredom. His eyes shot open and he jumped to his feet, hands outstretched, his eyebrows lifted in surprise.
“Um, friend of mine at Shield, he’s off on missions all the time so I’m kind of like his foster owner, his name's Goose but I call him Marty. What do you mean he’s not a cat?”
"I don't know, Greg,"
Sherlock’s heart stopped dead in its tracks and his eyes widened. A shiver crawled up his spine and he felt himself start to, um, harden, at the notion.
"Sherlock, what is this?" John growled later that morning as Sherlock looked into his microscope. He flapped the letter about in the air and set it on the bench for Sherlock to read. The omega looked at him strangely before reading it and biting his lip. "Did you do this?"
"What did you tell him?" Sherlock whispered.
Nope. No, don't even think about that, Sherlock. He shuddered, clenching his eyes shut and staring down into the cup of tea that smelled papery and weak, and bitter without his usual sugar, but he drank it anyways, swallowing it down and trying not to think about it. He wanted to vomit. No, no he couldn't tell John. He had lied, manipulated. There was no way in hell that would go down without something horrible. John would either kill him or leave him, and he honestly didn't know which of those he'd prefer.
"See, you're all safe, darling, just listen to me breathing, like this," John sucked a deep breath, and Sherlock sputtered and tried to do the same, "That's it, that's it, I know you're scared,"
"A- a bit, I wore a dress though, and it was in Scotland, closer to the house," She mumbled, deep brown eyes flickering over to Sherlock, almost as if she was begging him not to say the obvious deductions he was so desperate to inform her of.
"Oh, Sherlock, please don't call me that,"
Daddy’s eyes flashed genuine concern, his hands clasping around Sherlock's bony wrists, pulling his fist away from his head.
His emergency kit. He rustled through the inside pocket and pulled out his syringe, along with the small glass vial he'd set aside for this. Dear God, he hoped it would work, he'd snatched it from Mycroft's medicine cabinet. What Mycroft would want with an omega tranquilizer, Sherlock did not want to know. He slipped it into his pocket and closed the case, replacing it and pulling closed the floor board. He wondered if he'd ever see it again.
"Please, sir, please, I can be worthy, I can be worthy, sir, please, I'm so sorry,
"Yeah, Clara's the one who's horrible. Tell that to the bruises on her face. Fell down the stairs again, right?" John snarled, adjusting his tie for the tenth time. Harry growled in response, the two alpha's scents filling the room with conflict.
Thomas huffed, Sherlock could smell his anger boiling, and his omega was begging him to cower, run, comply. He shook his head, teeth digging into his bottom lip, breath hitching in and out through his nose in pathetic whimpers. There were footsteps, shuffling of fabric, the slight shift in gait of a man who favored his left leg, and a much more pleasant scent- whiskey and gunpowder and strawberry jam (?). Sherlock peeked one eye open, his heart beating out of his chest. He fearfully looked down, refusing to look in the eyes of the powerful man in front of him. His rational mind was out the window, his instincts in full control, and he tilted his head to offer his neck in submission. He received a curt chuckle, warm callused fingers gripping his chin and pulling his gaze from the ornate hall carpet.
"He-" The British Government swallowed, his voice completely broken, his cheeks wet. He pressed his fingers to the strange sensation of chilled tracks of skin, blinking heavily. What a strange sight to see, he thought. A powerful alpha brought to weeping, brought to this baseness by that cancer that was
Sherlock only swallowed and nodded, stomach churning with horrible feelings he couldn’t name, “I love you too,”
Just as he was about to throw up the 4 glasses of whiskey he'd inhaled, the door was opened and a whirlwind of curls and sharp suit angles and ethereal cheekbones burst in, a bit out of breath. He was beautiful, Greg decided, quite so. Not, run of the mill either, and he smelled divine. Sweet and minty and innocent.
Mycroft didn't say anything. Mummy looked down and ate in silence. Sherlock grinned and ate his toast, feeling quite victorious. Mummy sipped at her tea.
"You looked ridiculous too," He raised his eyebrows, "Harry it's ten in the morning, why are you drinking?"
Ross arrived by chartered ship to New York, and was parked on top of a snazzy Manhattan sky-scraper, where the Wakandan Representative had rented the penthouse, and they were currently setting up for her party. He stood in the hallway, nervously adjusting his cufflinks and fiddling with the wrapped present. He was terrible at parties, and honestly, would rather be filling out paperwork with stale takeout than this. Shuri had crazy powers of persuasion.
He whispered, "I-
much better being single." John glared, turning and crossing his arms.
17 July 1939
He paused, biting on his lip to compose himself.
“Yes little one, a Christmas tree. And some fairy lights too I reckon.” John’s smile faded when he noticed Sherlock’s eyes going glassy and wet. He knelt down and padded a tear away with his thumb, pressing a kiss on his forehead, “Sherlock, what’s wrong?” Sherlock sniffled and looked down at his fingers, twitching and squirming under daddy’s harsh gaze.
