“Worried about what? She’ll be pleased as punch.”
At Christmas, the pair begged off from the Holmes family dinner and hosted a small do at the flat on Christmas Eve, reserving the day itself for the two of them with no obligations or interruptions. Mrs. Hudson wisely decided to go celebrate with her sister. John wore his most horrible festive jumper and strung lights around the flat, gently ribbing Sherlock for wanting Indian takeaway on Christmas. Sherlock decided to indulge John by wearing the absurd little hat from the cracker John insisted he open, and he knew John was cheekily taking pictures of him every chance he got. After dinner, Sherlock nervously toyed with a small parcel wrapped in tacky paper.
John gently tapped Sherlock’s arm to get him to rinse. He went back in for another round of shampooing to get the rest of the grime and oil out of Sherlock’s normally-pristine hair. Sherlock let a pleased sigh fall from his lips. John’s heart leapt, though he immediately schooled his features and chided himself. Even so, the intimacy of the moment was hard to ignore.
John nodded, though he realised that Mycroft couldn’t see him. (Granted, he probably actually could.) Mycroft ended the call and John turned back to watch the video feed of Sherlock, even though it was the last thing he wanted to do. He would endure for Sherlock. He would keep watch.
John gave a faint tug to Sherlock’s curls and the detective groaned, instinctually pressing his hips up to meet John’s. Despite the layers of clothing between them, they both moaned at the contact, breaking the kiss to catch their breath. John panted, trying to calm himself. He nuzzled Sherlock’s nose with his own. “Alright?”
“Oh come now John, I thought we were past this. I’m not going to put on airs at a crime scene just to preserve others’ delicate sensibilities.”
“More like worried I might have to get out the strimmer.”
Instead of commenting on this unprecedented turn of events, John simply asked after Angelo and pretended that there was nothing at all unusual going on. As the gnocchi and lasagna began to disappear and the co-codamol began to take effect, John felt the leaden weight of the adrenaline crash, the relief of the painkillers, and the satisfaction of a stomach full of warm food. The combination made him deeply exhausted, and suddenly he found Sherlock gently shaking him awake on the couch. “Sorry, John,” Sherlock apologised, actually sounding sincere. “You’ll need a proper bed.” John nodded wordlessly, shuffling up to his room and collapsing on top of the blankets.
“And that is…” Lestrade paused.
been a prick and you’ve been happy to wedge your way into my life thus far.” Sherlock’s low voice became nearly a whisper. “I didn’t ask you to save me, John.”
The song was plaintive, not entirely dissimilar from others that Sherlock has played, but this one struck John as particularly…heartfelt? Can that word really be applied to anything Sherlock does? John rose from the bed and slowly approached the door. Unsure why he was hesitant, he leaned his forehead against the cool wood, forcing his breathing and his heart to quiet so he could hear. As the song seemed to near its climax, John was surprised to hear both joy and grief mingled together in one piece. He had never been one for classical music, but Sherlock had built up an appreciation for him without him even realising it. John felt himself getting lost in the song, the melody washing the terror of his nightmares away.
“Yyyyyup.”
John roused himself from his ruminations and turned to look at Sherlock. “What’s what?”
[Would you be amenable to a repeat in the future?]
“And what about you? It seems to me that your fear of being as emotional as the rest of us ludicrous people is holding you hostage well enough.”
[Good night, Mycroft.]
Sherlock’s eyes went wide and he sputtered, “Not
With trembling fingers, John clicked the link. A browser window opened and an image appeared. At first, John assumed it was a still image, but then he saw the figure in the centre of the room breathe. It was Sherlock, bound and fastened to the floor somehow. The camera was clearly positioned from a corner of the room near the ceiling, to Sherlock’s front left if looked at it. John’s stomach dropped and he muttered “oh, God” before grasping at his phone. Before he could even press anything, he saw an incoming call from Mycroft.
“Back in twenty,” he offered as he slid his coat back on. He knew better than to await a response, and was slipping out the front door as he heard Sherlock begin to play. He was loathe to go when Sherlock was playing one of the more lovely pieces John had heard, but the pull of curry was too strong.
“We didn’t actually eat anything, technically-speaking.”
“You’re not. Flogged, water boarded, strung up, beaten, electrocuted…”
After John showered (not thinking about Sherlock on his knees, thank you very much), scavenged some breakfast from the pitiful groceries they had, and did everything he could think of around the house, he realised he had to actually have a conversation with Sherlock about what happened. He could scarcely think of anything he wanted to do less than have this conversation, but that didn’t make it any less necessary.
“I’d appreciate it if you would,” Sherlock hissed.
[The act itself is just as bestial and base as I had presumed, but I enjoyed it. With you. –SH]
Sherlock, his voice dripping with condescension, replied, “John, even if you were willing to understand, which you clearly are not, it would hardly be within my power to wrap your limited mind around my position on this issue.”
“Get on the bed, then.” Sherlock hurried to comply, then watched as John stalked over towards him. Lying on his back for lack of a better idea, Sherlock allowed John to push his legs apart as the doctor (no,
The pair sat in silence for a few minutes. When John felt a chill go through him and realised the fire was nearly out, he made the herculean effort required to go put more wood on and bring the fire back to life. In a few short minutes, the room was beginning to warm nicely, and John returned to the sofa. Sherlock lifted his legs languidly, replacing them on John’s lap as they both settled into their previous position.
The pair huffed out laughs as they negotiated who would speak first. Sherlock pressed John to continue.
Sherlock looked up at John, but John still had his eyes screwed shut. When John failed to continue, Sherlock prodded, “How can you be lonely? We spend an inordinate amount of time together. I know I might not be your ideal conversational partner…”
. Wouldn’t you say it’s working?” He raised an eyebrow at John, challenging him to disagree with Sherlock’s assessment.
“My people found the link on your blog just now. We’re trying to trace the source of the video as well as the IP address and location of the person who posted the comment.”
After Ex-Military left him tied to the chair, Sherlock realised he was in far worse trouble than he had initially understood. The stoicism and detachment that he so often relied upon when things became…complicated…well, it wasn’t working. His mind, his techniques, his
“I don’t think—“ He swallowed and tried again. “I don’t think I can be loved that way.”
“I know, Sherlock. Go back to sleep.”
Sherlock stared at John blankly for a long moment, then allowed the smallest of twitches to reveal his grin. John rolled his eyes but couldn’t help the chuckle that followed. By the time John realised that Sherlock had effortlessly redirected John away from his line of questioning, the pair had arrived at the crime scene and were passing under the tape.
Sherlock defaulted to his earlier movement and nodded his head once. Using his free hand, John guided Sherlock’s mouth down to his. Relief and joy and excitement and calm washed over John as he felt Sherlock gasp, then deepen the kiss. John’s fingers slid up into Sherlock’s hair, gently gripping. The detective let out a shuddering breath and resumed kissing John, their tongues asking and answering the questions they couldn’t put words to.
John looked at his friend, still lying down, eyes closed, affect entirely unchanged. John wondered if he was hearing things. “Sherlock…” he started, unsure where the sentence was going.
“Nope.” John had been quiet for long enough that one could have almost forgotten he was there. “No way,” he reiterated.
“Indian,” Sherlock affirmed without looking at John, striding across the flat to place his glass on the side table before picking up his violin. John knew that he was being sent for food, and after all this time with Sherlock, he didn’t even mind what anyone else would likely consider a moderately rude interaction.
John waved his hand in the air as if in refusal. “Oh don’t do that, don’t scurry away from the subject with ‘you’re too stupid to understand,’ you utter twat.” Sherlock’s eyebrow quirked up at John’s choice of epithet, but he said nothing. John continued, “It’s not some great mystery. You think that feelings are a waste of time and energy, that they distract and draw attention away from more important things, that they would get in the way of you using your enormous, brilliant mind to do brilliant things.”
“John,” Sherlock began, his intoxication only apparent in how long the “o” was as he said his flatmate’s name. John roused a bit and at least shifted enough so that his head lolled in Sherlock’s direction. “My feet are freezing. Let me in.” Sherlock nudged at John’s leg with his bare toes. John hummed his assent and lifted the blanket to allow Sherlock to rest his feet on John’s leg. Without consciously doing it, John rested his hand on Sherlock’s ankle and gently stroked his thumb back and forth across the top of Sherlock’s foot. The detective let out a low, soft breath that spoke of relaxation and enjoyment.
Moriarty pushed Sebastian out of the way and stooped down to stare Sherlock in the face. “Why now? Why are you playing the game
John raised an eyebrow, his expressions exaggerated by alcohol and sleepiness. “Good?”
A beat passed. “You didn’t answer my question,” Sherlock wheedled.
“No, think you’ve gone through everything more than once,” Lestrade replied.
“Well mine might be a bit much, so we’ll balance each other out, as usual,” John replied, then held out his hand expectantly.
“Knowing that you heard what I said, I feel…vivisected. Calling it uncomfortable would be an understatement in the extreme. A large part of me wishes I had never said those things aloud. They were…safe, inside me. Another part of me knows that there is no sense wishing such a thing, and I need to move forward with the knowledge that you have insight into me that I realistically never intended you to have.” He paused, sipped his tea as an afterthought, then continued quietly. “I don’t know if I can be vulnerable like that. Now that you’re here.” He blew out a breath, seeming exhausted just talking.
“No, no, Mrs. Hudson, please don’t move. Lie still.” John put a gentle hand on her shoulder to encourage her to stay where she was while he dialed 999 with his other. Once services were on their way, John asked her what happened.
“I know you…care for me, John. But I don’t think even you could see any logic to me saying things that we both know would harm our partnership, possibly even destroy it.”
“You’ll have to endure, too, John. When we do get Sherlock out of there, he’ll need you more than ever.”
“I’m sure your lot have had their eyes on Moriarty for months now, at least as much as it’s possible to. Do you really not have anything to go on? Last known address? Bolt holes? Known associates? There’s got to be something.”
Sherlock forced himself to meet and keep John’s gaze. “Regardless of what I do or do not want,” he began, “the way I am…it’s not exactly conducive to romantic entanglements. Being disinterested in it or being incapable of it – it’s hardly relevant which is the case, as the result is the same.” Despite his best effort to channel the unaffected nature John had described earlier, Sherlock knew his words were tinged with self-loathing. He hated that he couldn’t keep himself fully under control. He should never have allowed himself to drink so much. He rested his elbows on his knees, his hands hanging limply in front of him. He suddenly felt very, very tired.
– CANNOT – simply risk your life for every moderately-interesting case that comes your way.”
“Evidently not,” Sherlock replied, turning on his heel to descend the stairs and get his coat. John dressed as hurriedly as he could, feeling an uncharacteristic slowness in his limbs. The peripheral dread he felt at the church was no longer peripheral. This was going to end badly.
Lestrade could tell this was the end of their conversation, so he returned to the conference room where he was directing his team to follow any lead they could, no matter how thin or unlikely.
The last note died away into silence and it took John several moments to realise that the song was over. Hesitating for a moment, John chided himself for being ridiculous, then opened the door and quietly descended to the sitting room. Much to his surprise, he found the room entirely empty, with no evidence that anyone had been awake. No fire in the fireplace, no lights on, nothing. The door to Sherlock’s room was closed and there was no light to be seen under the door. John began to shrug but quickly thought better of it, wincing a bit. He grabbed more painkillers and some water, then turned back to the still-empty sitting room. “Thanks,” he mumbled, feeling oddly bereft as he turned and crept back up the stairs to his bed, where no more nightmares awaited him.
“yes?”
[What?]
Sherlock had experienced a fair bit of pain and violence in his line of work before. He had been beaten, stabbed, shot at, strangled, and had all sorts of other harm done to him. The frisson of terror that danced across his nerves at the prospect of true torture was quickly quashed by the carefully-cultivated affect Sherlock would need to survive. If only John could see him now and understand the usefulness of this detachment.
“What?” John asked.
John grinned.
It took only a few minutes before Sherlock began to shake. He knew with the strain and stress already applied to his body, his legs would eventually give out and he would have to allow his shoulders to take his weight. It would be incredibly painful and he might dislocate one or both of his joints. He tried to re-enter his mind palace but he couldn’t produce the focus required. Instead, he imagined John was there with him. If John were there, he could help. He would make Sherlock’s mind work again. He would fix everything.
Having eaten as much as he could bear, John brought his phone over to the table in the sitting room, propping the mobile against a pile of books. He folded his arms on the table in front of him and rested his chin atop them.
Mere moments later (far too little time, as far as John was concerned), John felt the telltale sensation of an impending orgasm. Part of him was desperate to prolong the experience, but a much larger part of him felt desperate to come. He tugged at Sherlock’s hair, trying to warn him, but Sherlock simply groaned in response, redoubling his efforts on John’s length. Realising that Sherlock had no intention of pulling off, John felt his last bits of control give way. He managed to choke out “oh, God” before he felt himself coming down Sherlock’s throat. The detective gagged for a moment, then let out a muffled whimper that turned into a moan as he reached his own peak.
– but John was reluctant to fuck up the fragile thing they were creating together.
After watching Sherlock sleep for nearly an hour, John crept from the bedroom and made himself a cuppa, recovering some of his clothes and getting dressed enough at least to not catch a chill. Locating his mobile in his hastily-discarded trousers, he opened a text to Mycroft.
“It was just fellatio, John. It doesn’t have to mean anything.”
“Assuming there’s more that the body can tell us.”
John chuckled and held up his hands defensively. He doubted Sherlock would ever make good on that particular threat, but the message was loud and clear regardless. John was momentarily distracted by kissing his way across Sherlock’s kneecap, but an impatient grunt brought him back to the issue at hand, as it were. He smeared lube on his fingers and warmed it for a moment before gently bringing his hand to Sherlock’s hole. The detective stiffened but then nodded, knowing he would have to encourage John to continue. John took his time, much more time than Sherlock would’ve liked, but eventually one finger breeched Sherlock just slightly. Sherlock keened, a desperate sound that made John’s cock harder than ever. Before long, John’s finger was moving in and out with ease, and he added a second finger to begin to stretch Sherlock in earnest. Crooking his fingers a bit, John was rewarded with a shout that reverberated around the room.
Mycroft spent a great deal of time on his phone in the foyer, seeming to coordinate with many different individuals or agencies. Half the time, he simply received a message and glanced at it before pocketing his device, not even bothering to reply.
John pursed his lips trying to suppress a smile, unwilling to take such open delight in another’s suffering, but ultimately failed and joined Sherlock in snickering at the son’s expense. “God,” John remarked, “he was literally struck dumb. His mouth was working so hard but nothing came out. He looked like a great bloody fish on the deck of a boat!” John opened and closed his mouth several times in rapid succession by way of demonstration and that only made them laugh harder. The two were tittering like children, near tears with amusement.
It wasn’t until the next case that John noticed anything being different at all. Lestrade had called them in to help with a missing person. “Dull,” Sherlock announced without looking up from the newspaper. However, once Lestrade had explained that the missing man had three identical twins – “Quadruplets,” Sherlock supplied – who were all also missing, Sherlock’s ears perked up like a collie’s. The obvious explanation, that the men had all disappeared together quite on purpose, was quickly ruled out, and then the game was afoot.
do. He ruminated on the events of the day, grimly amused at the realisation that only hours before he had been consumed with rage and heartache, feelings that had felt so overwhelming at the time. Now that he was faced with Sherlock’s kidnapping and the spectre of serious harm or even death for his best friend, their row that morning felt far less important.
“Please, John. Please.
John woke up with a scream that wouldn’t come out. He was covered in sweat, his shoulder throbbing in pain, confused and terrified and ready to fight. Then he heard it. Violin. Quiet, almost out of the range of his hearing. John gulped a few breaths and forced himself to calm down. As his heartrate slowed and the panic leeched from him, he strained to hear what Sherlock was playing.
Sherlock simply replied, “
Sherlock was placed on an angled table with his head slightly lower than his feet. He was strapped down at several points, functionally immobilising him from head to toe. A cloth hood was placed over his head.
Ex-Military made several trips to and from the room, bringing in a large table and other equipment. Sherlock couldn’t see what he was doing as he set up, but it sounded elaborate, or at least time-consuming. By the time Ex-Military released Sherlock from his position on the chair, Sherlock had imagined dozens of scenarios, but perhaps he should have known where this was going.
The church was near the Thames, not that you could tell given how the buildings, some centuries old and some brand new, were jammed together like toys from different sets thrown into one box. Lestrade met Sherlock and John at the door, and something about Lestrade’s expression made John feel uneasy. When they got to the body of the victim, still upright in a pew as if waiting for the service to begin, John immediately understood Lestrade’s disquiet and Sherlock’s reluctance to reveal the nature of the crime to John. The victim was, for lack of a better term, a dead ringer for Sherlock. His build, skin tone, hair, face, everything was strikingly similar to the consulting detective. John pursed his lips in an expression that could have suggested both rage and nausea.
Sherlock chuckled, clearly agreeing with John’s assessment but allowing that to go unsaid. He looked up at John. “Would you…?” He swallowed, his blank expression belying the fear in his eyes. “Would you help me wash my hair, John?”
As the night wore on, the bottle of whiskey seemed to be emptying itself as Sherlock and John giggled and poked fun at one another and were altogether foolish. They ended up on the sofa with Sherlock lying prone across the length of the couch, his feet resting against John’s leg. John was clearly half asleep, a crocheted blanket draped haphazardly in his lap. The fire in the fireplace had died down to almost nothing and neither man would or could get up to stoke it back to life.
John knew he should eat something if only to keep his strength up for whatever shit storm was coming. He made tea on autopilot, and had to stop himself from setting out a second cup for Sherlock. He closed his eyes and swallowed, willing the fist around his heart to unclench. After that, he managed a piece of toast and two biscuits before he gave up and went back to his chair, opening his laptop to try to find something useful to do. For a while, he simply stared at the screen without seeing it, lost in his own thoughts. Suddenly, he blinked and sat more upright, clicking and typing and clicking again. After only a few moments, a new post appeared on The Personal Blog of Dr. John H. Watson. It read simply:
“Thank you,” he replied cordially, then took Sherlock’s elbow and manoeuvered him out of the room and down the hall toward the exit. Sherlock allowed himself to be led, wondering exactly what John intended. He understood John’s concerns about Sherlock using himself as bait for a killer, as unfounded as those concerns were, but he didn’t plan to allow John to dissuade him from this course of action.
Hours later, Sherlock had been x-rayed and scanned, and was freshly out of surgery to repair the damage to his left hand. Sherlock said nothing about it, but John knew he was thinking that his violin days were behind him. Although Sherlock refused much of the standard medical treatment, he was still bandaged, splinted, and taped up within an inch of his life. The wounds on his back had been open too long to be stitched closed. Streaks of blood peeked out from under the hospital gown. John imagined that Sherlock must be aching for a shower. After a small meal and several large glasses of water, Sherlock fell into a deep slumber.
After painstakingly examining every moment of the previous 24 hours, John realised it was gone half seven and he’d been sitting unmoving in the chair for several hours. He hurriedly checked his phone for Mycroft’s updates but found only a list of more dead-ends. No clue what car Moriarty took from the car park. No CCTV footage placing him or Moran anywhere after the car park. Fewer and fewer leads to follow.
“Shut up, John,” Sherlock replied, diving in for an even deeper kiss. Pressing his body fully against John’s, it became evident that both men were intensely aroused. John groaned, and Sherlock dropped to his knees like a puppet with his strings cut. With trembling fingers, he got John’s trousers open and pulled out John’s cock. Ignoring John’s strangled cry, Sherlock dove in and swallowed as much of John’s length as he could, nearly gagging from the overzealous effort.
John allowed himself a moment to take in the information Mycroft rattled off, then heaved a sigh. He had known Mycroft would be thorough. Mycroft was the only person he knew who was smarter than Sherlock, and even that was debatable. John felt torn between the hope of knowing Mycroft was chasing every lead and the devastation he felt that Mycroft seemed to be hitting one dead end after another. He looked at the floor for a long moment before meeting Mycroft’s eyes. His voice came out low, soft, and dangerous. “He’s beyond insane, Mycroft. This is a man who doesn’t care who lives or dies, who gets hurt. He will go to any length to achieve his ends, and we don’t even know what those ends are. We don’t know if he intends to keep Sherlock alive—.” John’s voice broke for a moment before he collected himself. “No secrets, Mycroft Holmes. I’m serious. If I find out that you’ve withheld even the slightest piece of relevant information from me, I will come for you. And I don’t mean an ear-bashing. Am I being clear enough for you, Mycroft?”
Standing in Lestrade’s office, his chest heaving with fury, he grabbed his coat and walked straight through the wall where the glass had been moments before. Lestrade gaped at him and shot him a look equal parts accusation and question. John merely offered the DI a small nod, something like an acknowledgment of the damage but not exactly an apology. As John strode out of the building and hailed a cab, he brought up the video on his phone and stared at the limp body of the man he would do anything to save.
Sherlock quirked an eyebrow, then held out his hand in a mirror image of John’s earlier gesture. John coughed, then knelt on the floor in front of Sherlock. Sherlock’s eyes went wide but he said nothing. John pulled out a small ring box.
Sherlock blinked and looked up at John, and just like that the two men dissolved into giggles. After a moment, Sherlock’s face twisted in pain and John got down on his knee to look him over. Sherlock looked away from John and forced coolness back into his voice. “I’m fine, John.”
Oddly, it was the paps that finally got it sorted for them. A red top published a photo of the pair of them sitting in the park on a late summer afternoon, both smiling and leaning together so their foreheads touched. The headline read “CONFIRMED: Genius Detective and Blogger More Than Friends”. Sherlock made himself scarce around John, clearly unsure how the media coverage would be received, but he later found John cutting out the picture to hang on the fridge, practically tittering with Mrs. Hudson about how cute they looked in the photo. After that, Sherlock threw caution to the wind, demanding head massages and cuddles and a proper shag whenever the spirit moved him. On nights when the memories of his abduction came to him in dreams, Sherlock curled into John and let John soothe him until his mind quieted once more. John couldn’t explain what it was like to have Sherlock’s intense attention focused entirely on him, but he knew that once he’d experienced it, he couldn’t live without it.
Ignoring Sherlock and looking past him to Lestrade, John asked, “Is there anything else we need to do here? Any information we haven’t assessed?”
“So you know where he is?”
Sherlock reviewed what he remembered of his abduction. Moriarty came to the flat. Sherlock assumed it had been to taunt him, a sort of villainous social call. There was a massive man with him, clearly ex-military and just as clearly prone to sadism and violence. Moriarty controlled the man with mere looks and body language. After the pleasantries were concluded, Moriarty asked if Sherlock had enjoyed his Work. Sherlock told him it was boring. Moriarty smiled his shark’s smile, eyes soulless and empty. By the time Sherlock felt the prick of the needle in his neck, the drug was well on its way to disorienting him. As he stumbled around and attempted to fight Ex-Military off, he could feel the light of his mind dimming. Distantly, he wondered if Moriarty had just killed him. The scuffle continued until Sherlock could hardly raise a hand to protect himself. Lying on the ground, Sherlock saw Moriarty’s shoes come closer to his face. Beyond the shoes, the flat was in total disarray, with overturned furniture and debris everywhere. Just before Moriarty’s foot connected with Sherlock’s head, the consulting detective thought,
“I don’t know. He seems to like his own company quite well enough.”
Sherlock was sprawled in his chair, book in hand, perfect lips closed around the tip of his thumb where he worried at his nail with his teeth. So far, so Sherlock. What was not so run-of-the-mill was his clothing. Ink dark jeans clad legs that seemed to go on for an indecently long distance. A white linen shirt, slightly more full than he normally wore with the top three buttons left invitingly undone completed the look. His bare feet were kicked carelessly out before him on the rug and his raven curls, seeming wilder than ever, had John standing like an idiot, lips parted, staring.
He’d grieved excessively, if the relationship they’d shared had been that of flatmates or even of best friends, John knows that. He saw the uneasy looks on the faces of his friends and colleagues, even in the depths of his grief he had recognised that the reaction to the death of a friend, however close, was not the crippling numbness he had suffered. Only John knew that he was a widower without a marriage or a lost husband. Only John knew that the truth was that he’d lost the unacknowledged love of his life – and he’d grieved accordingly.
"Inspiration to strike," Sherlock murmurs and he rolls his hips, one hand on his chest and the other curled softly over his groin, just holding.
“No, I’m still a bit stunned that he accepted their invitation. He’s not usually given to family get-togethers or festive cheer.” John pauses and takes a good slurp of his tea before putting it aside, shoring himself up for the next part of this conversation it seems, and Martha feels the flicker of recognition whisper icy breath across her neck.
John observes Mycroft’s theatrics without comment, schooling his face to give away as little as possible. He has a premonition of what he is about to hear, something that has for so long been intangible, only potential, but is now being made real. His heart hammers in his chest and threatens to disturb his breath.
Only when he manages to slam the door shut does he understand that he has been shouting – shrieking, really, if the rawness of his throat is anything to go by. He fights to make his breathing even and to stop his heart from battering against his ribs like a bird against the bars of its cage.
John looks down at himself and realises that he cannot possibly go out there and hide the insistence of his erection. Neither can he stay in here and hope it will subside; Sherlock is waiting for his turn in the bathroom. This leaves him one option and the earnest hope that, just once, Sherlock will be too distracted to observe.
John yawns enormously and there’s a tricky moment when he burps to himself and looks a little green around the gills.
Mycroft nods. “I have no other role in this than to gain your signatures on the certificate. However, if I may, I would like to add that no one could have doubted that your commitment to each other was anything other than unbreakable. Anyone who met you and saw the quiet joy you share in each other's presence would perceive that such an understanding as yours was both special and rare. They would be correct in doing so. That you have chosen to express your commitment here, in this way is a formality only, and one that I am humbled to be a part of. Furthermore it is one that makes me deeply, deeply happy."
Despite what his body is telling him, maybe taking it slow is the right way to go about this. If they pause between each step, then if this does all blow up in their faces, at least they have a shot at staying friends and continuing with the work. Jumping straight into bed now will make it that much harder to come back from.
"What can we do?"
John keeps bandying around these words as if they hold no power, but even Sherlock knows that they do. To John Watson an admission of love is no idle thing, no conversational shorthand. It was something he’d never said directly to Sherlock and until now, Sherlock would never have dared to assume that what John had felt for him had been anything so profound.
Sherlock shuts his mouth with a snap when John runs a thumb deliberately across his pleasingly swollen lower lip, kiss-slick and rosy. Sherlock clears his throat twice and takes a calming breath before he says, “Right, well your manual dexterity seems to be unimpaired. But… John, my concern is that you might come to regret anything that you…”
"I'm fine, thank you.” Small talk. Only for John. Only ever for John.
Sherlock leads them down the lane, past the church and over a small bridge before turning into the woods through a tiny white gate. The morning light is making the haws and rosehips glow like garnets and rubies in the hedgerows. There are blue-black sloes too, tucked away inside branches of long thorns. John is reminded of long ago holidays with his grandparents who lived out in the Styx. He hasn’t thought of them in some time and he finds himself smiling at the memories.
And really, how can this be fair? He's had more physical contact with Sherlock in the past ten minutes than he has had since the case with the magician who trapped them in the box he used to do the sawing the lady in half trick. Both of them. At the same time. Just don’t ask. So here he is, standing stoically while Sherlock, well - he slithers, there's no other word for it  - while Sherlock wraps his arms around him and slithers down John's body; thighs, groin, hips, belly and finally chest as his feet hit the ground. At least John gets a feel of that soft jumper he’d resisted earlier as it brushes down his cheek.
"Hup we go," Sherlock says, grasping John's shoulder with his free hand and, with a bit of a practice bounce, boosting himself up to grab the branch.
John set an easy pace, letting Sherlock’s moans and sighs tell him when to speed up or change angle. His head dropped into the curve of his arms on the desk, John could only see the back of Sherlock’s head and the way his thrusts made his curls bounce a little.
Sherlock stares at him, feeling helpless and disappointed in himself. Perhaps he should have predicted this. This is not a simple thing that John is asking for. He can feel the barriers still there despite John’s newfound understanding. It’s not easy to undo such a firm injunction, and that’s before he’s even begun to address the residual aphasia. He can’t. Not like this.
“I have no intention of standing by my bed, but I can assure you that I am saluting, John.” Sherlock rumbled smoothly, his voice heady like the promise of an approaching summer storm.
John chuckled as if nine people hadn’t already made a similar comment. “I missed the chocolate digestives and Marmite,” he admitted, leaning in and giving a conspiratorial smirk.
He stands and breathes stale, undisturbed air for several minutes, first from the ache in his shoulder, but then to appreciate the quiet. The house is not recently built and already it is making its quirks known. There are the sounds of the gale outside - something flapping with an irritating, irregular slap, the chimney whistling along with the wind and the creaks and groans of a house that’s seen decades of weather and wind and weary travellers.
“I love you, John Watson.” Sherlock cannot resist saying it, just once, and the very moment he does, he knows he’s made a mistake. He knows his time here is up.
regain it.
It seems like most of the pub have turned out to listen and join in, and a rousing version of
John in the meantime has unwrapped a CD, a recording of Mendelsohn’s Violin Concerto in E Minor. It’s one that Sherlock plays quite regularly as he knows that it is one of John’s…
John can see them moving around outside, gesturing to each other.
Sherlock has a frown on his face and John needs to forestall whatever it is he has to say.
As his body yields and finally  relaxes back into Sherlock's arms even further, he can see the spatters on the mirror and a couple of the carpet as well as all over his own belly and thighs.
“Back pocket,” Sherlock hummed, craning his neck to look over his shoulder at John.
Sherlock had texted him the location and description of the horsebox, but he hadn’t waited around and had already been inside by the time John arrived to keep watch for him. So this was the first glimpse he was getting of Sherlock’s disguise, chosen to allow him to move around the park unnoticed.
“How convenient,” John mutters, feeling his patience for this conversation dwindle more rapidly than usual.
John convulses and comes, curling down over himself as he pulses into his own fist. He tries not to gasp or groan but isn’t sure exactly how successful he is in that with the ringing, whistle in his ears that only happens when he comes really hard. He pauses for a moment and breathes, waiting for the shudders and aftershocks to subside and the post-orgasmic lassitude to flood him. Straightening up, he steps unsteadily to the sink, washing away all the evidence he can find and not quite able to look himself in the eye in the bathroom mirror.
Sherlock rallies: he knows this, he recognises the verse surely.
decision, not yours, not mine.”
It takes him much longer than it should to recall the correct cupboard for glasses. He stares into several cabinets, unseeing before he happens upon the correct one.
What else can John do? He nudges forward and presses his lips to Sherlock’s who freezes for a second, and then parts for him with a soft breath, letting John slip the tip of his tongue along the slick silk of his lower lip. It's a rush, it's intoxicating and John wants to spend years cataloguing the differences between Sherlock's lips and the smooth heat of his tongue. But first...
will find its voice now, if he has anything to do with it.
John makes coffee and brings toast and honey to the table where Sherlock is sitting looking slightly adorable in John’s clothes.
"Yes?" John barks, too loud and too fast.
The bitter wind is making the bare branches whisper, dry and staccato as the strings of light bounce and bob and John's shoulders are hunched against it.  His face is so familiar and dear to him and he never could hide an emotion, so Sherlock sees all too easily the self-recrimination in the line of his lips, the regret in the tilt of his chin and the hope in the flicker of his eyes. They both stand with their hands pushed deep in the pockets of their coats and their gazes locked. John shifts his weight but refuses to look away. His bravery in this is breathtaking - Sherlock knows how uncomfortable he is and that he doesn't enjoy talking about his feelings any more than he does himself, but he is unwavering in this. His contradictions confuse and fascinate Sherlock - they always have. Here is a crack shot who has taken lives, who is also a former trauma surgeon dedicated to saving the injured and broken. Here is an army veteran who believes in the process of diplomacy and conversation, however hard he finds it himself. Here is a solitary man who longs to make a life with another, a private man who stands for Sherlock's scrutiny and a man who has spit venom at any who dared to question his heterosexuality, now asking his former, very male lover for a second (third, fourth, fifth) chance.
John looks as if he is scared to move, too frightened that he might do something that will shatter this fragile moment.
John cranes his neck to look over his shoulder at Sherlock, but Sherlock is curled tight against him and John cannot turn far enough.
He underlines the last sentence twice.
“Too much?” John whispered, bravely preparing himself to ease out of the tightest, hottest most fuckable place he’d ever been.
Sherlock squinted at him, causing another drop of water to drip off the end of his nose. “Sarcasm?”
Mummy wastes no time in giving them their next chore. With green tape and garden wire, they are set the task of using the evergreen branches to decorate the sitting room, the music room, the dining room and the entrance hall. A box of white church candles and another of ribbon completes their tool kit and after a couple of unsatisfactory efforts, they have got into their stride and are knocking out window ledges, mantels and table decorations with speed and growing confidence. It might not be what Mummy would have made, but it looks passable.
Sherlock would welcome John’s continued residence at Baker Street surely. He’s said often enough that he’d be lost without John. What if John stayed and told Mary that their short, sham of a marriage was over? Would he be able to support Mary and the baby financially?
“Mostly?”
Mummy and Father sit with them at the kitchen table and share a pot of tea, droning on about tedious things which Sherlock deletes immediately and John replies to with polite interest. His mother offers a plate of her renowned mince pies (Sherlock takes two and plans to steal John's when he's not looking). He knows he is betraying his impatience, and he hopes that John is under the mistaken impression that it is due to the small-talk - he has it half right, admittedly. But Sherlock's opening gambit in his plan to woo John is about to play out and he's keen for the off.
It’s quiet for a long time. They breathe themselves calm and Sherlock slumps to one side, curling himself close next to John’s body. Neither of them move to clean up – it would disturb whatever entente it is that is happening here in the darkness. Sherlock is not sleeping, John knows. He’s breathing too shallowly and there’s a taut, alert quality to his stillness.
He seems to run out of steam a little. "Oh, and your condoms have expired," he finishes with a flourish.
"In the end I asked her out of spite. I was so angry with you, I wanted to hurt you as much as I wanted to kiss you - I wanted to hurt you like you'd hurt me. I asked her because she wasn't you and at the time that was a good thing. It was petulant and pathetic and a terrible, terrible mistake, but I waited until we were in the cab back, having left you on the kerb, and I asked her to marry me.
The musicians begin to play soft background music, something classical that John has heard before but couldn't name. Slowly Sherlock begins to sway in time to the strings and when John follows, Sherlock's smile could light up the whole of Oxford Street. John is no dancer, but it seems that Sherlock is - today is one surprise after another - and within a minute, they are turning slow circles, holding each other closely. It's easy to follow when Sherlock leads and John knows if he ever told anyone about this Sherlock - the one he gets to see and live with and love - they would never believe him. This acerbic, insulting, arrogant man - and he is, all of those things - is capable of such insight and kindness and romance under the right circumstances, and John is happy for no one else to know that, because this Sherlock is for him, and him alone.
Holmes shrugs and looks supremely unconcerned. John takes that as a yes.
And this is a familiar flood that rushes in Sherlock's veins. It would be so very easy to say yes, to accept what John is telling him and welcome him back into his life. He is the most dangerous addiction that Sherlock has ever tasted, sweet and sharp, poison and antidote in one. They have been here before although never from such a distance apart. Sherlock doesn't doubt John's intentions in this moment but neither does he underestimate John's ability to send him back to some very dark places.
Mycroft, who has also taken off his jacket and stands in his waistcoat and shirt, breathes deeply once and smiles.
He knows the touch of those strong hands so well since he has committed to memory every instance of it.
He’s spent so long without naming what he feels for Sherlock. To name it would have been to make it real and to make it real meant he would have had to address it. It was much easier to hide behind all the other emotions Sherlock instils in him – exasperation, pride, frustration, admiration, grief, fury, lust, and tenderness. God knows Sherlock has treated him to these and a great deal more.
recover if he only did what he was told.
Lifting a blanket from the pile on the floor, John leads the way to Sherlock’s bedroom. His thin curtains are open and the clean light of the reflected snow has fallen into the folds and heaps of his unmade bed.
John felt his face screw up in confusion. “Where was I when all this was going on?”
John’s body is drawn tight as if the slightest movement will cause a detonation. His voice is clipped and scratchy. “And you believe that this was…”
Of course, there’s nothing there, only crisp, dark pillowcases and, rolling his eyes at himself, John closes the drawer. Opening the top one, John finds the infamous sock index and pulls it out for a better look. It is a precision system, all the pairs are folded to the same size and laid on end, in rows. The vast majority of Sherlock's socks are black, fine knit and probably stupidly expensive. There are a few dark navy pairs for variety (except not really because John can only tell they are blue because they are lined up next to the black ones, other than that they are just as dark.) Feeling justified, he picks up a pair of the blue socks and a pair of the black socks and swaps them over, enjoying what he hopes Sherlock will interpret as chaos.
"I'm going to go on in and see if there's anything I can do to help."
Sherlock grinds his head back into his pillow as his hand tightens, baring his throat. If John were there, he would kiss that, nip it and revel in the marks he would make. Then he would…
“I don’t know that I am,” he says and takes a mouthful of the tarte when she throws up her hands at him.
John rises onto his toes and presses a kiss to Sherlock's waiting mouth. He wobbles slightly and Sherlock braces him so he doesn't stumble.
"You know, they invented ladders thousands of years ago. There's probably a reason for that," John sighs almost convincingly, but complies, guiding Sherlock's waving boot to his shoulder and taking his weight again as he stretches up, and with a sickening ratchetted snip he cuts a chunk out of the mistletoe.
John mutters about the bad things he would like to do to Sherlock's stupid bloody sock index, pushes open the posh twat's door and stamps inside.
Crispian looks to be pondering his answer and his eyes stray to Sherlock and sharpen. Sherlock glares at him and then nods very slightly and watches as Crispian gently rebuffs all of John's solicitous advice other than bed rest.
"Now, boys, if you wouldn't mind there are a few little jobs that need doing," Mummy says to them as she clears plates.
John has insipid girlfriends. John shouts when Sherlock leaves experiments too near to food in the fridge.  John is offended when idiots assume they are together. John is
John barely notices what he's eating, so animated are his neighbours at the table. He knows it was delicious, but that's about as much as he can say with any confidence. He's even forgotten (more or less) that his suit, although recently purchased, is no match for those of the company he is keeping tonight.
“The real ones are worth millions, aren’t they?”
“I know that you know that there is limited evidence for patients dreaming when sedated. There have been a few studies, but it’s not widely accepted.”
“Oh fuck, John!” Sherlock gasped.
friends, Sherlock, we don’t need to be more than that to make me want to stay. You weren’t wrong, I was… interested, but we became close and I… It’s not a deal breaker is what I’m saying. Yes, I fancied you, but then we were on cases, running around London and becoming friends and it was enough. It was… good. Better than good. So don’t feel that you have to do this because you think that’s what I want. Or to make me stay.”
She steps into the kitchen to get some water and the wine glasses are still resonating with the traces of the song, humming quietly to themselves, unwilling to let the charm go completely. She decides that the washing up can wait until the morning and switches off the light, smiling at the sweet notes ringing just on the edge of hearing.
“So you see, I cannot forgive her. I don’t love her. I will do what I can for the baby, whatever Mary will allow, but I want a divorce and nothing more to do with her as far as is possible.”
“If this is my mind palace, then why can’t I leave?”
“Nothing special. You said something about picking up a package from Bart’s? I’m not even going to ask,” John laughs.
“Poor dear,” she coos, turning her attention to Sherlock. “Of course - you haven’t felt up to it lately.”
“John? Are you alright?”
“Then no, I don’t have any normal people clothes,” Sherlock deadpanned. “Nor do I require any, if this is some early foray into Christmas gift ideas. At the top of the list of things I do not require are ugly jumpers, shirts with checks and socks described as ‘cotton rich’.”
The picture is not great, it freezes and lags but the audio is good.
“I’m fine, John. Look,” Sherlock takes John’s other hand from where it is curled into a fist on his knee. He pulls until John relents and allows him to place the hand on the back of his skull.
"But what if..." and yes, Sherlock is correct, that really is an excellent piece of John to be lavishing affection on. "What if they hear us. Or what if they come in here by mistake when they're looking for the loo. Or... ahhhhhhhh..." John's arguments trail off as Sherlock blithely ignores them all, pleasing himself as usual and his partner in the process.
So chummy are Crispian and John in their mutual admiration that it has given Sherlock pause. He'd imagined that his friendship with John was of a closer nature than those others of his acquaintance. He'd thought that their interactions were of a singularly warm and intimate nature. Having seen John now interact with Crispian, Sherlock is doubting everything he has based his plan on. Perhaps he has this all wrong, perhaps he has been wrong for a long time. He doesn't exactly have an extensive list of other friendships to base his assumptions on. Maybe what he'd thought was the spark between them, that he identified early on and only lately has come to believe in, is nothing but John's natural openness and warmth. Perhaps they are indeed just friends and Sherlock's entire campaign to win John's love or to let him know that it would not be misplaced is nothing more than his own interpretation of a kind man's actions.
He found a bottle of Scotch in the kitchen.
He grabbed his walking cane and slowly made his way downstairs. As he struggled with the doorknob, Mrs Hudson came out of her flat.
Mycroft rolled his eyes.
« Yes, a phenolphtalein indicator exposed to a sodium carbonate solution, a common prank among medical students. »
He threw his gun into the river.
The plan required a clown, chemicals, a deerstalker, breaking and entering, not getting shot or arrested : the usual, only without Sherlock.
Sherlock had left a message.
«I don’t want you to. »
He found that bench on the bank of the Thames, where they used to sit sometimes after a walk, one of the rare spots with no CCTV.
He woke up in 221b, on the couch.
«Let’s sit down. I need a drink. The dripping blood was a chemical reaction. »
« And my friend from the homeless network. »
John took off the  deerstalker.
Then he must have blacked out.
Mycroft closed his eyes and sank his head into his hands.
« Well Sherlock does…He did. »
He noticed the familiar coat on the rack. He could almost picture Sherlock’s dark curls above the collar. He felt the urge to wrap himself up in the coat. Mrs Hudson made no comment.
« You’ve been very thorough. What else do you know ? You said you were unaware of the meaning of IOU, the letters he wrote on the back of the phone. It isn’t the passcode, I tried it unsuccessfully. »
« It’s already gone, it was between the notes I gave the clown. I may also have erased a file on your computer. »
« When Sherlock was a boy, one of his first experiments went horribly wrong. You helped him hide the dog’s body, but after that you had him under your grip by regularly threatening to tell your parents. The dog’s name was Redbeard. So whatever incriminating data you had on Sherlock or me would be likely to be filed under that name .»
« How did you know what file to erase ? »
« A diversion while you looked for  the phone.  Yet you know I can’t let you take it. »
Also there was something strange about that book. Maybe he had hallucinated it, still, he had to check. He got out of the shower, put on a dressing gown, picked up the Bible in the sitting room. Nothing special about it. Remembering he was trying to read in the dark last night, he looked for a black light.
Now John was back in 221b for the first time, having to face the empty armchair, the empty shelves. Mycroft’s spooks had been cleaning, taking away Sherlock’s belongings for inspection, every book, every file, every essay Sherlock had written, his computer, his phones.  John’s room was almost as empty. He was glad to find the walking cane, as his leg was killing him.
Next: You know where to find me.
« Coffee ? »
It was probably nothing.
Mycroft was being chased by a clown, which left John a few minutes to find what he came for: Mycroft’s laptop, Sherlock’s phone. It was surprisingly easy. Then he turned off the desk lamp so the room was only lit by the blue laptop screen, he turned the swivel chair so as not to face the doorstep  where  a terrified Mycroft appeared : « Sherlock, help me ! »
«John, I didn’t know you were in, I couldn’t see any light upstairs. You’re going out ? You’re in no state, look at you. »
Still nothing special in the first chapters.
At the end of Baker Street he hesitated. People, traffic. When his phone started ringing, he didn't need to look at the screen to know who it was. «Mycroft, I’m trying to sleep », he lied, perfectly aware of the surveillance camera above his head. « I know you’re wandering about like a fool. I made a promise, Sherlock asked me to look after you. »
A week  since the funeral. Mycroft had told a story of their childhood, about the East wind finally taking Sherlock, and John had said that the game was over, although part of him still hoped for a miracle.
« You passed out. They found your address, they brought you here. »
« I’m just taking a walk, I need some fresh air. »
Sherlock types.
A piece of composition that he picked up from the floor yesterday, hidden between other sheets and only taken out when Sherlock thought he had no audience.
Sherlock watches with growing concern as he begins to understand what it is costing John to speak these rehearsed sentences of contrition. John Watson is not a man of words, he never has been. Sherlock is the one with the pretty, pithy phrases and the
There, in the dim light of a train carrying his husband home, Sherlock Holmes is wearing the gift that John bought him for Valentine's Day last year. They're almost sheer and exquisitely form hugging, the black and the red flattering Sherlock's colouring perfectly. The hearts are just big enough to make out and John so desperately wants to touch and understand how they feel and fit his body that he can't quite catch his breath.
John can see the faint shine on the crown where he's leaking. Sherlock rubs upwards again, catching his breath and gathering the moisture there. John glances up to Sherlock's face, to meet his glittering, greedy eyes. He's... he's waiting for his next instruction.
>>><<<
Sherlock pauses and reconsiders the exchange. Once again he finds himself obsessing over what the turning point for the John and Sherlock in his mind had been. The other John he had created there had been so similar to the real John Watson, so nearly his John that Sherlock had determined that the difference that had made him demonstrative and easy there must have had its basis in something that had really happened. It hadn’t occurred to him that this difference could have been something that
“No! No no no. No!” John says quickly. “You need to be not here because the answer was… You have to not... not be lookin’ at me when I tell you. Bill says that the only thing worser… worse than being rejected is never lettin’ them know that you’re their… nope… they’re your bloody love of… your life. So wha’ do ya thingk of that?”
“Come on then, my beauty,” John murmured, pulling back on Sherlock’s hip as he guided himself to the rim of Sherlock’s hole.
“I won’t… I won’t contact you again. But you know my number, so if you ever change your mind, need a doctor or whatever…”
“Well, you won’t look me in the eye, you’re fidgeting with your fingernails, you’re rambling on and forgetting to breathe, and you’ve just given me a washing-up scourer for my breakfast.”
"Sleep well," Sherlock replies and watches while John rolls over to face the opposite wall, his back to him.
Eyes moving lazily over the familiar items in their cluttered rooms, he catches sight of an object beneath John’s chair – an aerosol can – the paint used in the Jade Pin case which had landed John with a court date and a consequent ASBO. Hardly daring to breathe, Sherlock stands and sharpens his gaze, knowing all at once what he is looking for. The most recent addition to their combined belongings will give him a
Resorting to more tea, John drains his mug and gazes mournfully into the empty vessel for a few seconds as if searching for answers, before replacing it.
Being not only a gentleman but also a man of medicine, John knew that Sherlock must be close to discomfort, as hard as he was, and as such he bent quickly to take the smooth head of Sherlock’s cock into his mouth and began long slow sucks, alternating with soft licks at the bundle of nerves over his old circumcision scar.
Sherlock twists on the bed so he can look at him. Standing in the doorway, John is underlining everything that has Sherlock so off-balance. He hovers on the threshold as if uncertain of his welcome. His eyes are full of worry, like the lines of his brow and around his mouth. But beyond the concern for a friend is that underlying apprehension that he’s been noticing lately.
"You don't miss a bloody trick do you?"
John pulls up his weather app and swears quietly when he sees the forecast - there's no way Sherlock is getting out of Edinburgh by air today and probably not tomorrow either by the look of it.
him making an effort, so John nods knowingly and tries very, very hard not to think about what Sherlock does at night with that drawer full of delights. But...
"What?" he challenges, his eyebrows lowering.
"I want you to learn to trust me again," John says, shaking his head as if he cannot believe it himself. "I want you to be my friend again. I understand what it is I am asking here, believe me, I know it's unreasonable, but I'm asking anyway. I just… I don't even know who I am without you."
“Okay,” he says quietly and Sherlock’s stomach swoops unexpectedly. “Okay,” John repeats and it’s stronger, more confident this time. “This is what we are going to do. You have an appointment on Thursday for your follow-up MRI results and a chat with the neurologist. We will wait until you have those results before we go any further with this. If you still feel the same way after that, and they are all clear then… then we will… we’ll talk about it then. Okay?”
“You know, you don’t have to trick me into coming with you on cases,” John murmured quietly into his mobile where he was connected to Sherlock, who was just a few metres away from him inside a horsebox that looked to be about the size of their flat and in much better shape.
Taking John into his palm, Sherlock relishes the girth and heft of his cock and balls. He cannot decide which he loves more – to feel John rouse from being completely flaccid, cupping the soft warmth of him as he grows or finding him already aroused and ready for more. An embarrassment of riches.
"In order for you to get dressed, you must first UN-dress. I'm helping, " Sherlock declares earnestly, even as his huge hand finds and cups John's balls with exquisite delicacy and warm familiarity. John gasps and melts further into the bed, Sherlock does have a point, he can’t go out there in these clothes, so he might as well allow a helping hand rather than argue and cause a fuss. He gives little resistance as Sherlock triumphantly begins to strip him, and then, jumping up off the bed momentarily, himself.
John is not given to cruel jokes or deliberate lies. That’s promising.
He can't even begin to decide where to begin when it comes to telling Sherlock the things that he wants him to know. Isn't the man supposed to be good at knowing things by looking at people? Why doesn't he already know about John's deep and abiding love? Is it because, like John himself, it had grown and evolved so naturally, so easily? Within a day, John had known he didn't want to live a life that didn't have Sherlock Holmes in it somewhere. Within a week, he didn't recognise the broken, depressed man he had been just a few short days before. Within a month he began to miss the lanky sod when he wasn't around and within three he had realised that this was where he wanted to be for the rest of his life. Was it love already, by then? John believes it was, of a sort and the fault had been his. If Sherlock had been a woman, John would have gone down on one knee already. His own hang ups and prejudices had prevented him from realising that the devotion he felt to his amazing friend was the thing he hadn't expected to be able to feel for a man. It was love; not attraction or companionship or a deep friendship or any of the other things he had told himself to explain why Sherlock was rapidly becoming the very centre of his life. He hadn't fought the realisation, but he hadn't exactly embraced it either. It just was and he was content to leave it at that. Soon, however, he had begun to understand that, for him, with love had come attraction and that attraction is an itch that he has been ignoring (or trying to) for months now. It was only a matter of time before he'd had to say something to bring things to a head. If Sherlock doesn't love him back, then it won't change the way John feels about him. He doesn't think anything will now, but if Sherlock were amenable, and of a similar mind, then... well, then.
>>><<<
John can hear Mrs Hudson sniffing and coo-ing from behind them, but he has no time to think further on it than that. Sherlock's words have taken him completely unawares. Of course he should have thought about what to say to his new husband, but in the excitement of the proposal and the (very) short period the man was his fiancé, John has forgotten that it is customary to exchange vows. The thought should be terrifying, standing in front of some of his favourite people (and Mycroft) without a single thing prepared, but he is relieved to find that it doesn't really matter. He just needs to tell the truth.
“You would have your reasons. I might not agree with them, but whatever you did would be in my best interests as you saw them. That’s what I was trying to tell you last night. You are my best friend before anything else, before whatever else we might become, and I trust you.”
John shakes his head. “I don’t think so. There’s only so many times I can go through that. Let’s keep it at that.”
John wraps his arms around Sherlock's shoulders and hangs on. He is obviously a man with a plan and John wouldn't want to mess up his train of thought which appears to be on the direct line to where John wants to go.
He curls his arm around Sherlock’s waist and drags him in close, raising an eyebrow when the move pulls their clothed groins into contact. Sherlock freezes and seems as if he’s about to snap from the tension in his spine, his mouth forming words that don’t find voice. Like him, Sherlock is naked beneath his pyjama trousers and through the two layers of thin cotton, there’s very little left to the imagination.
In around thirty minutes, Rosie will wake and call for them. There will be shoes to find and breakfast to make and crimes to solve and housekeepers to insult. But right now his whole world is right here, sharing his bed and his work and his life.
“It’s lovely. Thank you, Mrs Hudson,” John says quietly, leaning over to squeeze her hand.
“Feels like it sometimes.”
“But you did not observe,” John finishes for him and Sherlock nods gratefully.
Sherlock's heart thuds erratically and he has to concentrate to keep his expression neutral. "I didn't know."
"Ah, John. I was just looking for Crispian." Mycroft looks between John and Sherlock and raises his eyebrows in something that looks surprised and pleased for a second before it's gone and his familiar supercilious expression reasserts itself.
“This is the bit where you call me an idiot,” John adds and watches for Sherlock’s answering smirk before he closes his eyes.
Grunting, Sherlock took a sip of his tea. “I didn’t even get any useful information. Complete waste of time,” he grumbled.
He’s reminded of how far his recovery has come when he clearly hears John’s steps in the hallway at around half past ten. His eardrum must be nearly or fully intact. He listens to John visiting the bathroom to relieve himself and brush his teeth. Then, his flatmate goes up to bed. The stairs creak unevenly to his limping gait, and Sherlock follows the sounds in his mind’s eye, relishing how he can now make out the click of his watch on the dresser, the dull chink of coins from his pocket, the dry crackle of the wicker laundry hamper, the drawers for clean pyjamas, and finally the sigh and squeak of John settling onto his mattress. Unlike before, there is a bittersweet nature to these sounds. He used to find John’s bedtime routine strangely reassuring but now it just serves to remind Sherlock of the distance between them that doesn’t seem to be closing at all.
“And…?” John prompts him again with a lift of his eyebrows.
, but with Sherlock’s innate poise and breeding, he looked… well John was going to have to call it adorable.
Sherlock has been regaling them with stories of crimes he has solved, some that John was involved in and one or two from before he knew him. And Crispian has been matching him, story for story, with tales of intrigue from the classical music circuit (more cut-throat and bitchy than John had imagined) and snippets of (mostly scandalous) information about the lives of some great composers from a book he is writing between gigs.
Sherlock stills for a moment, then sits bolt upright. He jumps out of bed before John can protest and disappears out of the door.
“Please.”
"Everything alright?" John asks carefully but not carefully enough.
“Just… just try. It’s just me. If this isn’t you being still affected by your injury, then why...” John trails out, then grunts in frustration. “You know this isn’t quantifiable, Sherlock. They can’t look at an EEG and tell me you’re fine or not fine. These things are assessed symptomatically, through comparison to prior behaviour, and some might say that deciding after all this time living together and a lifetime of avoiding sentiment that you are suddenly…” John is clearly searching for words that don’t incriminate either of them or tie them in to patterns of behaviour that accompany such phrases.
John might deny everything and claim he doesn’t remember any of it. That is a distinct possibility.
"Shut up! He's nice! That's all."
"Yes and no,” Sherlock hedges, rolling his eyes. “I won't be in until tomorrow morning. A whole day wasted, John! Not even Captain Kidd's great-great-great-great whatever is worth how dull it has been here today. If you'd been here..."
John had imagined many things that weren’t true, as it turns out.
A blank journal – inviting the recording of thoughts and events, more personal than an online blog, perhaps inciting the writer to share more than they might when safe in the knowledge that it is for their eyes only; secrets, confessions, things that cannot be said aloud. Or is he totally off-track here and it’s the intrinsic aesthetics of the journal that John is reacting to? What would be significant about the soft, shadow-black against the heavy cream pages, a contrast not as severe as black and white, but gentler on the eye?
“Um… good?” John offers with an upward lilt to his tone. “So you don’t want me to… leave?”
He eased himself out of Sherlock and winced slightly at the feel of his release follow him. He bent and scooped up his wadded up shirt from the floor and made a token effort of wiping them both off, although he secretly thought that the sight of his come snaking slowly down the back of Sherlock’s thigh was one of the few things on Earth that enhanced the sight of those long, pale, muscular legs.
Totally worth the loss of the jumper, John decided.
"Of course," Sherlock agrees insincerely, earning him a weary shake of John's head.
“He must have had some other motive for his visit,” Sherlock ponders, tapping his lips with his fingers as he settles himself into his armchair.
Just not to his face.
He hasn't had a sniff of a decent case, so he is making do with some that he wouldn't normally deign to so much as glance at. So far this week he has solved eleven cases with a personal best time of  thirteen minutes which includes the time it took to read the letter, make a cup of tea to console himself for the banality of the case, look up the tide times and the local rowing club schedule for the pertinent week and send the solution with a rather scathing reply. He doesn't expect to be paid for that one, but it was worth it. Idiots.
Sherlock knows that frustration cannot but further decrease his ability to think his way through the insane abbreviated existence he is currently experiencing, but knowing it and acting upon it are two different things. It’s entirely possible that he has been in here for weeks since he has lost all sense of time. It’s almost as if this environment is adjusting to his thought processes; each inkling or glimmer of order that Sherlock observes is instantly dashed away in a manner that seems calculated. He knows where he is, he just doesn’t know
Sherlock has lost the coffee cups somewhere and is crouching in front of him. He’s surprised to find himself sitting in one of the uncomfortable visitor’s chairs in an unoccupied private room. The bedside lamp is angled away from them casting gentle light and soft shadows.
, uncomplicatedly content with his lot – and it’s so very rare that Sherlock gets to see that on his own John. His eyes shine, his whole demeanour speaks to his joyfulness.
"Inspiring how?" John mutters, barely able to recognise his own voice.
"About seven - nothing flashy." John even manages a cheeky grin when his mouth's as dry as Sherlock’s humour.
Of course he’d been right and now here he was on a mercifully mild April morning at the Hurstwood Park All England Polo Club, keeping watch while Sherlock snooped, and trying to blend in with the county set. No wonder Sherlock had been specific about what he’d worn – a dark blue designer shirt, no jacket and a veto on all knitwear. Did being rich imbue you with the power of never feeling the cold or what?
"I don't need to tell you about the hand cream - that one is your fault."
“Well, there’s more to think of than what I want,” he says eventually, with rare candour. “We need to give this marriage another chance for the baby’s sake. Mary’s due in a month. We can hardly all move in here, what with…” John stops abruptly and rolls his neck a little bit, releasing knots of stress that Martha can practically hear popping. No one has told her about the shooting, but even without her skill she has eyes in her head and it doesn’t take much to put together the tension whenever they speak of Mary and the fact that John’s been living here for four months. Martha vividly recalls the shouting and rumpus from the night they had to whisk Sherlock back into hospital, the ambulance’s blue lights casting a deathly hue over his already marble skin.
"And don't come up smelling of cigarettes. I always know, you know."
"Well, goodnight," John offers, a slight hitch to his voice.
It had been familiar, and somehow, more corporeal, more real than anything he’s seen or felt in this place.
He’s taken to walking into the village for supplies every few days, timing his visits for the least busy periods so he can get in, get what he needs and get out again with the minimum human contact. He’s hardly inconspicuous with his limp and his dreadful command of the language, and already the bakery staff nod at him in recognition when he enters the shop. On the days that he doesn’t need to restock, John walks out from the house in whatever direction speaks to him that day. He concedes that it isn’t a quirk of his sister’s land that it resists the urge of the oncoming spring because it seems as if the whole or this corner of France is dormant and unaware of the calendar marching on.
"What do you think, Sherlock?" John asks.
John gritted his teeth against the clench of Sherlock’s spasming muscles but found that he was much closer than he had imagined. When Sherlock finally slumped forwards, spent, John took both his hips in his hands and gave a few tentative thrusts to see how sensitive he was, Sherlock simply hummed low, and rolled his head to look over his shoulder with a lazy smile.
"I know Sherlock's parents,and Greg and Mrs H and Mycroft of course, but other than that they are all strangers to me. I think there are some cousins, and lots of their line dancing friends. I saw you chatting to someone earlier," John says teasingly but Molly just rolls her eyes and giggles a little.
Sherlock peels off his gloves and leaves the liver where it is. Haste almost defeats him but he somehow stumbles down the stairs while texting his brother to ‘kindly piss off’. He opens the front door to find John sitting on the step, leaning heavily against the metal railings.
Sherlock looks a little conflicted at that, but agrees with a short nod. He looks back over his shoulder as he opens the door to his bedroom to give John a quick, genuine smile.
John found Sherlock after several long,  frantic minutes of searching - of course the man had gone horizontal on a sofa that faced away from the door into the room, meaning that John had bypassed this sitting room twice, only finding him once he was making one final, more thorough search in preparation for trying his mobile phone.
"At first, yes."
Sherlock relents, lifts his head and looks directly at his friend - the most important person in his life, one way or another. John stills in the act of looking away and then stares. He looks upset, not apologetic. He looks more defeated than concerned. Sherlock wants to walk over to him, take him by the shoulders and wait for the uncertainty to be over. He wants to beg John to tell him now, regardless of the answer - are we friends or something more? Do you want me or not? Do you love me or are you disgusted that I love you?
“I do need to get back, unfortunately. I have some shipments to get out today but I can wait until my things are dry if you’re not busy.”
John digs further into Sherlock’s hair and combs it through his fingers. “How do you mean?”
John does that thing with his facial muscles where the intention is presumably to approximate a relaxed smile, when clearly his true state is anything but. He drops into his armchair and cradles the whiskey to his chest. Sherlock takes his place opposite and contemplates the fire burning low and quiet.
The weather not only holds clear for the next few days, but it blooms into a sweet and gentle warmth. John wears his jacket out into the garden each morning and has to discard it earlier each day. He clears the central path through the kitchen garden with a hoe and a rake that might have been here since the war. He’s found an Aladdin’s cave of tools and ancient terracotta pots in a greenhouse that has been hidden beneath vines and brambles.
"Of course. Just waiting for a special occasion to wear them. Today seemed appropriate."
But he has heard enough. “I accept,” Sherlock declares.
“See you at seven,” he says as he steps through.
again.
“I’ll just show you…” the lady begins.
“I noticed you’d lost your other one,” Mrs Hudson explains.
Sherlock makes a disgusted noise, drawing Mycroft's cool regard.
"You never asked," Sherlock shrugs in a typically irritating manner.
“Christ, I can’t leave you alone for half an hour to fetch us some stuff for breakfast, can I?” John laughed, stroking Sherlock’s hair off his face with a clean(ish) hand. “You’re a bloody menace!”
The extra material of Sherlock’s loose jeans was frustrating. John was used to being able to feel every twitch and flare of his boyfriend’s cock through his perfectly tailored suit trousers. There was too much play in Sherlock’s current attire and John found himself becoming frustrated at the hit and miss nature of the friction between them.
John says something and smiles up at Sherlock, which he finds himself returning despite having no idea what he said. John’s eyes are like summer, clear and warm and relaxing, and Sherlock finds himself wondering if the colour was an unconscious choice or a coincidence on Mrs Hudson’s part.
John licks his lips and feels a thrill of delight when Sherlock’s eyes are helplessly drawn to follow the path of his tongue. His friend sits up a little straighter, appearing ready to leap from his seat at a moment’s notice or a nod from John.
“Fine!” Sherlock rolls his eyes and takes a deep breath, looking like a man who is confessing to a terrible crime. “In the interests of appeasing your bruised and clearly needy ego, I… am utterly devoted to you. My life is immeasurably better in every way since you arrived. I had no idea I was even capable of the kind of sentiment I seem to experience whenever you are near me and it is down to your presence that I…”
"Oh, it's good that he got ahead of the weather. You boys can celebrate later then. Have you got somewhere booked?"
Sherlock watches John in his periphery. He's not frowning any more, so that's encouraging, although Sherlock does love it when John gets huffy and shouty; it makes his face so delightfully expressive. There's no way you can miss that you have done something mildly not good when John is looking at you with his mouth pursed, his breaths coming too fast and brows lowered over stormy eyes. It's wonderful.
“So… you…”
He pockets his phone and bounces up from his chair with a short hiss, following John into the kitchen and catching him by the bicep. John resists being turned, but pauses long enough for Sherlock to angle himself so he can see into his shuttered face.
Sherlock’s talking with his hands and his whole face – animated in a way people rarely get to see. His affection for Mrs Hudson is usually well concealed under insults and teasing, but if you know where to look, Sherlock is endlessly gentle with his landlady and very protective of her. John knows that there are very few people Sherlock genuinely cares about, and he also know that he is one of those lucky few.
“Terms? How do you mean?”
John’s next choice isn’t so easy. There is so much he wants and so much of Sherlock to touch and taste and try. He can’t resist squeezing a hand between them and cupping the shape of him, letting his fingers trace the girth of him, thumbing the flare at the crown of his cock and taking the heaviness of his balls into his palm.
Closing his eyes, Sherlock thinks of the words he needs to say, lets them coalesce slowly in the front of his mind and curl carefully around his tongue. This is easier without John’s gaze on him. He settles his breath and hums against John’s hair.
"Charles - he's one of the cousins. He's a musician. He's nice." Molly will never make a good criminal; her cheeks burn at the slightest hint of a lie, even one of omission like this.
An hour later and with a cup of coffee in his hand, John decides to take stock of his new digs with a self-guided tour. He persuades the front door to open, overcoming its reluctance to comply with brute force and determination. He looks out into the garden surrounding the house. It had been too dark to see very much last night when Mme Hudson had driven him to the property from the local town. She was the local contact Harry had given him, who kept an eye on the place when they were not there and it was just as well she had insisted on driving him; John would never have found this tucked away road from the address that his sister had given him.
“John? What are we doing tomorrow?”
"To the amateur and the unimaginative, I suppose it could look that way," Sherlock explains, trying to be patient. "When, in fact, everything we do in the pursuit of justice is well thought out and supported by a myriad of relevant data, keeping any risk to an absolute minimum."
"There's a stand of holly down that path. Crispian, why don't you take the wheelbarrow and collect some of that."
Tiny snippet of dialogue borrowed from Season 3 here too - thank you SM and MG.
Sherlock would know if it were something bad, surely? John is no chameleon like his irksome wife. Sherlock never had been able to get a read on her, and he's pretty sure that was the way she liked it. John's lost weight, any fool can see that - he’s been cycling to work, apparently - and he's not sleeping, but beyond that everything is clouded by his nerves and Sherlock can’t be certain. Could John be sick?
“And where did it actually go?”
“Don’t be difficult, John or I will be forced to defile Her Majesty’s uniform even further,” Sherlock threatened, cupping himself roughly and lifting his chin in response to the touch.
“He told me I was a danger to you,” John whispers hoarsely through the fingers that were supposed to stop such unguarded words.
"Er, he's upstairs resting. He hurt his back lifting the Christmas tree." John finds it hard to hold Mycroft's gaze, as if he's guilty of something and Sherlock's brother knows it. Which, he supposes, is true to a fashion, if silently yearning after his brother is something he should feel guilty for.
“Thanks for the tea. We’ll pop in before we leave,” John says, standing up suddenly. He forces a more cheerful smile, and his stance and the set of his jaw make it clear that his candour is at an end.
John shrugs, a gesture that feels unnatural and false. “He said you need to call your mum too.”
"Best Valentine's Day ever," John smiles.
John glances at him as if to verify that it’s a genuine question.
Sherlock resettles himself around John, and John feels well and truly wrapped - it’s not unpleasant. At all. He’s managed to scooch himself back a little, away from John’s lower body, so his predicament isn’t quite as pressing as it was.
Sherlock frowns and sighs. “You’ve got your phone upside down.”
It takes some seconds for Sherlock to come back from the overload of images and sensations, and he struggles to capture them all in minute detail. He doesn't wish to overlook a single aspect of the last few minutes, so checks and double checks each element before he blinks stupidly at the space that was so recently filled by his friend. His John, now in more ways than one.
When Sherlock comes, it seems to take him by surprise and he cries out. He convulses - a full body shudder that travels the length of him, from his curled toes to his thrown back head. He gasps, once, twice and the third time his bowed body relaxes back onto the bed. He works himself slowly through the aftershocks, his twitches and stretches like ripples across his skin as he struggles to settle his breath.
It’s maddening – Sherlock has
John's ability to swallow is stolen by Mycroft's words. He has rarely heard sincerity from the older Holmes - disdain, impatience and condescension all seem to come easily to both brothers but to see Mycroft and hear the depth of feeling in his choice of words brings home to John the magnitude of what they are doing.
Sherlock just shrugs and turns back to the tree to finish the decorating.
Martha had sat by last time, unprepared for the skill with which Moriarty had been able to mask his actions, his malevolence and craft coming as a sickening surprise. She had watched those boys harm themselves, hurt each other and suffer, and here they are, not even a year since Sherlock’s return, with nothing resolved, more complications than ever and a cliff edge before them with no way of telling how far the fall might be this time.
“I’ll go and… it won’t take a minute. I’ll just…”
Sherlock watches him for a few minutes, making sure he’s safe before wrestling his shoes off and pulling a throw from the back of the sofa over his body. John doesn’t so much as miss a breath, so Sherlock puts the bucket in the most strategic spot and puts the water and the paracetamol in his direct line of vision for his eventual awakening.
Maybe John prefers this place, too.
"Can we sit? Just for a minute? I'm making a right mess of this," John asks, as Sherlock knew he would.
“Now we wait for the stragglers,” tall and fearless replies. And sure enough there is a steady flow of bees, calmly adding themselves to the mass in the box.
John's hands flex in his gloves. He takes a deep breath and lets it out slowly.
The list of things he is being treated for continues to shrink as possibilities are ruled out and tests begin to spell out the incredible escape that he and John have had. His clavicle fracture is mending. His broken rib aches which means coughing is hellish, but his burns were superficial. The lacerations are fading and every day, he and John look more like the men they were before. Sherlock’s hearing is improving, encouraging those specialists into a cautious prognosis of little to no lasting damage done.
“So where have they taken him? He’s hurt, I need to catch…find him.” His voice sounds hollow, like it’s coming from a long way away. He paces back and forth, as if nervous energy will magically reveal the route he needs.
“Anyway, I’m off to the morgue. Molly phoned with some results that I need to verify.”
"That's a bollocks excuse to go through my things and you bloody know it! You’ve already deduced me so many times that you claim to know me better than I know myself!”
He moves the pad back onto his hand.
Sherlock finally wrests the mobile from John’s grasp and in helpless fury, hurls it across the room.
"And now?"
The fire sighs and settles, changing the light again. The mantel clock ticks and can it really be only yesterday morning that Sherlock was stalking around their flat, like a perturbed giraffe, looking for Mycroft’s latest surveillance devices? John notices the quiet next; London is never quiet. There’s always something. They live too close to the centre for the traffic to stop at night, but it’s more than the lack of traffic noise. It’s a feeling that everything is paused or supressed and John remembers that quality of silence from his childhood. The snow must have stuck around and when the sun comes up, he knows he will see a transformed London, made new and rendering the familiar strangely unrecognisable.
The mantel clock ticks out ninety interminable seconds of quiet and Sherlock concludes that John’s piece is said.
“Mme Hudson, what is all this?” He tries a smile to soften the inelegant words but she doesn’t seem to have noticed for which John is grateful. He seems to struggle to remember social graces since his return from Afghanistan. It hasn’t been a problem since he’s only been interacting with his sister and with his therapist whose job it is to help him with issues of that sort anyway. But Mme Hudson is a different case; he’s spent only half an hour in her company so far, but her good heart was apparent after only two minutes and he’d hate her to think that her kindness had been misplaced.
John smiles gently. "One that we can celebrate together perhaps for a good few years to come.""
Sherlock sighs and scowls. "You don't know what you are talking about."
“We ought to get you some dry clothes…”
"While this is an excellent idea in principle," John murmurs, trying to keep his attention on his words rather than the hand that is insinuating itself into his pants, " we must remember that your family are no more than twenty metres away AND..." (Oh, god, that was a good spot) "... and that we need to get dressed for this party because as soon as it's over I'm going to marry you."
Sorry that they ever met? Sorry that they have drifted apart? Sorry that Sherlock misunderstood their relationship and then watched as John proceeded to marry a woman he hardly knew. They both have a thousand things to be sorry for and a thousand and one things for which they are owed an apology.
He reaches up while Sherlock frowns at him and pulls him down into a bristly kiss that quickly deepens into soft, slow, lingering kisses that seem to soothe some of his impatience.
Sentiment is making a fool of him. He is at the mercy of John’s words, this strange evening and his own long-ignored attraction. He fights for some semblance of control as John continues.
"Hi!  Glad you could make it. What can I get you?"
“Move, Sherlock,” John says quietly but firmly in a voice Sherlock recognises as meaning business. John’s face is flushed and his gaze is steady but Sherlock can only spare a glance and a quick shake of his head as he tries to type with shaking hands.
Yet the question unsettles him, sets his nerves jangling. It’s clear that John is suffering but the hint that he is keeping score or that he is playing some convoluted, destructive game, waiting to see who will flinch first tears loose something bitter and unworthy from Sherlock’s psyche. Is John mocking him even now - seeing how low he can bring him before they resume their journey together, however rocky that path might be?
The voice is coming from behind him but he would recognise it anywhere. He missed it every single day for two years and the fact that he can hear it now floods his veins with sweet relief so fast that he staggers a bit as he spins to find Sherlock in just his shirt-sleeves and carrying two mugs. His eyes are wide and blinking, as if John is a puzzle piece that won’t fit.
There’s no way they’ll be able to miss them. If he could stand… If he could stand then…
How can he now repair damage done at so early and fragile a stage in their relationship?
Of course, John maintained throughout that he was not gay and to this day, he claims that although he has admitted to several male lovers in his life, that they were just a
"Oh, yeah, of course," John gruffs, and has to clear his throat.
John moved toward his friend, ignoring the photo and taking in the lack of eye contact and the rapid-fire quality of his words. Lestrade shot him a quizzical look, which John pretended not to see.
John is staring at him with an unreadable expression on his face. He blinks when he notices Sherlock's look of question and stands a little straighter and Sherlock has the impression that his friend is going to speak, but his candle gutters and flares, fizzing at the snowflakes that reach the flame. Sherlock puts his hand above the glass and when he looks up again the moment is broken, They share a grin and set off quickly towards the smudges of light which are all they can see of the house now.
>>><<<
“But you do have a type do you?” she asked. She was feisty, quick and confident and, if John wasn’t much mistaken, a little bit interested.
“Go away,” Sherlock says.
John raised an eyebrow at him but allowed the kiss that followed, folding his arms around his sticky, half naked, semi-interested again
