“He needs to know,” Bobby says firmly. “I don’t like these secrets between you two, not when it affects you both,” he goes back to his story. “So I got there about 12 hours later, because it takes a good 8 hours on the road to drive to Oregon from here.
“I never told you my name, did I? It’s Alastair, kiddo. I’ve been taking care of you for a long time, now.”
“I guess,” Dean feels like he’s constantly stuck in a loop of hoping and dreading people noticing him. It’s put him in some weird positions, and with Cas’s help, he’s come a long way in accepting himself as being good at his job.
“Arrrrrggghhh!” he’s as theatrical as possible for her benefit, and it’s sort of fun to growl like a monster, he thinks, and startles, sitting up on the couch. Billie twists and darts behind his back, giggling non-stop, and he thinks it might be his favorite sound in the world.
“Dean! What happened?” He can hear Bobby moving around, softly swearing under his breath. A jingle that sounds like keys. Or jingle bells. Maybe Bobby’s Santa.
“Aw, you’re sweet. I’m doing good, Cas. I promise.” Dean’s not used to being paid this kind of sustained attention and interest, and it’s nice. And a little confusing.
Dean wakes with a throbbing ache in his head that’s not unlike the pounding beat of a bass drum. It’s not the first time, and it’s not the last time. What are the fucking odds that John would come home tonight? Dean really fucked up this time. He pulls himself into a sitting position. The simple movement makes his head swim and his stomach churn, he barely makes it to the sink before he’s throwing up.
After they’ve walked about a block, Yasha stops, and apparently has decided she will walk no further.
By the time they arrive at Dean’s house, he’s nearly asleep in the passenger seat.  Castiel nearly lets him, but ultimately follows his instincts and the training he’s had to take care of his Sentinel. He snags Dean’s keys to open the door and follows the insistence that he can feel coming from Dean to lead them through his home and into Dean’s bedroom.
Dean nods fiercely in agreement with Cas. Mostly. He doubts he’s handling his panic attacks as well as he should be.
The doctor gives a single nod, pleased. “Alright. Well. We’d like to move you to a different room, out of the ICU. That will happen in the next few hours. Good to have you back.”
“Yeah, he would tell you that,” Dean responds bitterly. “But he uh, definitely kicked me out. Or left without me. Either way,
Ellen throws a sour look over to where Dean is filling a drink order and cashing out another customer, and mumbles under her breath. “That stubborn boy,” Sam can barely make out what she’s saying, “talk to his own brother about their daddy doin’ that to him,” and then louder, she sighs, “you’re gonna have to ask Dean. God knows he not going to volunteer to tell you.”
Dean looks up, and notices Castiel standing a few feet away. He looks a bit sheepish, and Castiel approaches the counter.
He picks up the phone, and he calls NASA. “Hello, this is Dr. Dean Winchester speaking. I’d like to speak with Director Huang, please. Yes, she’s expecting my call. Thank you.”
“It’s absolutely not up to you alone to determine treatment. You trusted your doctor to treat you, and you’re not at fault for it. You should be able to trust your doctor. And your father, to choose a good doctor, at least when you were a child. I certainly hope my patients trust me.”
The woman rolls her eyes, but Dean sees the way her interest piqued when Cas told her he was a Sentinel, and she pulls out what must be her glucose meter. Dean watches eagerly as she tests her blood, and when the number comes through, her eyes widen. Cas peeks over her shoulder and immediately takes action.
Gabriel was here when I got home, though I have no idea when he got a key. I told him I was having you over for a movie tonight, and he was appalled by my lack of acceptable baked goods. He made them. I simply watched.”
Castiel can’t say anything. He thinks he might in shock, or the relief is so strong he can’t piece any words together. Either way, he sits back while Sam fusses over Dean. Dean is mumbling, and Cas doesn’t piece together the words, but he does hear his own name.
“I believe you, I do. I just-- how long, Dean?” Of course, he wants to know how long Dean has been doing this. Once or twice is something he could probably get over, but for as long as Dean’s been doing this? No one could overlook that.
Dean’s an ass, of course (with a great ass, it has to be said). He’s often blunt, makes dirty jokes, and he’s a terrible flirt. He’s got clear abandonment issues, and from what Castiel has gleaned from both brothers, Dean and Sam had a fairly traumatic childhood. Dean constantly puts himself down, and it frustrates Castiel that the others don’t seem to see that the jokes Dean makes often aren’t jokes at all; the only thing Dean is secure about, it seems, is that his purpose above all others is to watch out for Sam.
“It matters if I don’t agree. Did I do something?” His insides that have been churning with anxiety and anger begin twisting uncomfortably once more. This might be his fault, and he doesn’t even know it.
“Shiba. Inu. Two words. Look it up. Japanese. Very cute. Small, but not tiny. And I think you’ll appreciate their personality traits.”
“Don’ think so. Dad might be. Fuck. Hurts, Bobby.” Dean’s head aches, but he’s sort of remembering last night.
(Dean has no idea how to react to those things Cas has been saying), and partially because he couldn’t wait another second to have Cas pushed up against him.
“You’re everything to me,” Cas whispers, leaning down to kiss Dean between his shoulder blades. Dean feels his stomach clench at the sentiment. He’s not
“Ethanol,” Cas interjects, white-faced. “Would’ve made you feel drunker than you’ve ever been in your entire life almost instantly. If the paramedics hadn’t given you oxygen and glucose you almost certainly would’ve died. Your respiratory system and your central nervous system would have eventually shut down.”
Dinner is fine. There’s a polite conversation about the meal. An appropriately small amount of wine is drunk. There’s a discussion of politics where everyone agrees that things were much better when they had a proper, god-fearing president.
“...male, 30 years old. His students said he collapsed right after standing up, hit his head on the way down, couldn't rouse him. BP is holding steady, pulse ox was 84 twelve minutes ago, but we intubated and it’s now 95. GCS of 3, no known medical conditions.”
“That’s why I’m here, dude. Stretch these things out so I can get back to running.” He never really stopped running, just moved from the hard concrete to the softer outdoor track. It helps.
“Would you like my professional opinion? Bearing in mind that most of my experience with Sentinels has been with weaker ones than you, or has been entirely based on research studies.”
“Did that hurt, princess?” he mocks, and shoves Dean towards the bedrooms, “go check on Sammy and get to bed. You’re running laps in the morning. Don’t think I don’t know that you want to go check out some boys at the
Dean snorts softly to himself. He’s turning into an emo teenager, but there’s nothing for it. He thinks about what Cas had said:
“I ain’t even seen the guy! Sam’s the one who even told me he existed. I didn’t know until Dean invited me to this shindig yesterday.”
He holds Dean’s hand in his very gently, not wanting to disturb the wires and tubing that surround his boyfriend.
Dean’s not sure why Pam thinks that her telling the story back to him is going to help with anything but hammering home how bad he is at keeping people around, but he tells her to go ahead anyway.
“Well. Just, let me know? She’s probably emailed you by now, asking when you’d like to talk about it?”
“No, Dean! I took care of it! They’ll work something out with you, I swear. Dr. Milton already sent me an email that she heard you were back safe, and to let you know that when you feel up to it, you should get in touch with her. She’ll help, I promise. You didn’t screw anything up, this wasn’t your fault.”
He’s lived with it since he was a kid, did he really need more information? “Uh. Me? I mean, I had a doctor. He prescribed stuff. Gave me exercises.”
“No, but you trust him to help you enough that it’s stabilized your abilities anyway. It’s not a ‘capital B Bond’, but it’s still a bond. It’s a good thing, I promise.”
“Cas,” Dean whines, and looks a bit tortured. “I’m tired. Can we just-- can we talk about this tomorrow? After I’ve had some coffee and can think straight?”
And Dean’s never liked feeling like a burden. He doesn’t tell them he’s not okay unless they ask, and even then it’s a painful process.
When they finish with Shavasana, Dean stays on his mat with his eyes closed. Jess offers a whispered invitation to dinner with her and Sam, but he quietly declines, not wanting to lose his chill.  He’s awake, feeling calm and open, the way he often does after a class. He’s able to track the movements of nearly every person in the room, and so he pointedly ignores Benny when he comes to stand over him after everyone’s left. He finally opens his eyes when he feels Benny sit cross-legged across from him.
“Tell ‘em I got into a fight, Bobby. Don’ wanna get dad in trouble, it was m’own fault,” Dean is begging, stumbling as Bobby helps him out to the truck. Damn kid always protects his family, even when his family doesn’t deserve it, and it pisses Bobby right off.
“I overheard him say you were in class this morning, too. Are you living here now?” Jess teases, sitting on her mat to mirror Dean.
The evening they return to their apartment and spend hours playing with Yasha. They discover that she likes chasing things, and can’t catch worth a damn. They take her out to use the bathroom every hour on the dot (“we’re not taking her out every hour overnight, are we, Cas? Are we?”), and she only pees on the floor once. On the tile, which Cas decides is a success. Dean and Cas combined take approximately 300 pictures of their new puppy, and send them to everyone they know.
Cas groans and that does it for him. He pulls Dean tightly against himself, breathing into his lover’s neck as he comes down from his orgasm, Dean stroking through his hair.
Cas is sitting at the counter working on a paper, even if he’s out of sight. “Cas! Can you please grab your dog?”
Dean zombies over to the ratty couch someone moved into the office years before it was partially his and collapses on it face-first in a heap. The couch smells funky, and if he doesn’t stop thinking about it he’s going to have a zone.
Cas's house is nice, though. It’s comfortable-looking, with a wide couch in the living room, and what looks like a chair-and-a-half in the corner surrounded by bookshelves. Dean knows Cas doesn’t have a television, just a projector, so there’s no TV in the living room, just more books and a small desk with a laptop on it, a printer tucked away underneath it.
The pair of them lay on his large bed in the dark, curved toward each other like closed parenthesis, their words filling the space between them. How could Cas wonder about something like that? Isn’t the answer obvious? Especially to Cas, Guide that he is.
“You told me you were working one other part-time job, Dean,” Ellen says when she finds out how many hours Dean was really working and going to school.
Dean plans the next date. He plans to take Castiel to the Cheese School. He went back and forth for a few days between the pizza-making course and the burrata cheese course, but eventually went with pizza. It was held in the evenings, and an evening of drinking wine and eating pizza with Cas sounded just about perfect.
He takes another step towards Dean, he can barely help it. The man is practically screaming in pain to Castiel’s Guide. He stops himself again when he sees Dean flinch, running into the counter at his back.
Bobby had picked them and their meager belongings up within the hour. Eighteen-year-old Dean had a dark bruise on his cheek and a black eye that he wouldn’t explain, and Sam was angry. He was always angry when he was fourteen. At John, at Dean for letting himself be hurt, at Bobby for not noticing sooner. Turned out the landlord had come knocking for the rent, and when the boys couldn’t pay he kicked them out on their asses. Dean yelled at the man and got himself punched.
“Huh. Well. I guess I’m bisexual. I’ve only ever dated women, though. Had a couple of drunk hookups with men, but that’s it.” Dean decides that Castiel does not need to know about the paying customers. They don’t count, anyway. “I’ve never really found another guy that I’ve wanted to date.”
Cas doesn’t feel ready to leave this man to himself quite yet, so he prompts Dean a bit, attempts to start a conversation. “When I was Guiding you. It was very… loud.”
Dean follows him in sitting up, though he quickly hunches his shoulders, instinctively making himself smaller, less of a target. And he won’t look at Cas. He won’t.
Dean’s starting to feel tired again. Bobby sounds worried, but Dean gets why his dad left. He just doesn’t know why he didn’t see it coming. “S’a good idea. No one needs me.”
“Nothin’, Cas. Just got mad at me.” Dean’s brush-off is accompanied by a feeling of internal panic that Bobby is going to spill the beans on the secret Dean’s kept from everyone. But he should know better, Bobby is nothing if not loyal to a fault.
He sees him after that in the lecture hall where Dean has Endocrinology. It turns out that the class Castiel is assisting is directly before Dean’s, and so there’s a 30-minute window where they can talk every single Thursday.
Dean’s tired. And hungry, so hungry, but also in pain, and he’s unsure if food would make it better or worse. His head aches, but it’s getting better. He’s felt so cold but is finally feeling warm, and
“Charlie, you’re me. Your TA is your boyfriend, and you say to him, ‘Hey, I noticed that every time we finish a chapter in this textbook that our professor wrote, he quizzes us on the content. So there’s going to be a quiz tomorrow, right?’ And your boyfriend says:”
“I don’t think I know anyone named ‘me’… I think I’m gonna…” He swings around as if to catch someone in the act, and shouts, “Aha!” and groans when no one is there.
And this. This is amazing. The breath before the phrase, and then his mouth on Dean’s, kissing, gently. Caressing Dean’s soft lips with his own, slightly chapped. Sucking another kiss, light enough to be a feather, on the corner of Dean’s mouth. When Dean begins to kiss him back, using his own lips and teeth to make his place at home on his mouth, their noses bump together but Cas doesn’t care, he’s finally getting this, yes, yes, yes. His own pleasure in the kiss is echoed from far away, coming closer, Dean’s feelings beginning to breach the surface from where he buries them deep, thinking he can’t have this, thank god he’s letting himself have this, thank god he’s letting Cas have this.
“Dean!” He hears Cas’ voice through the phone speaker held in his hand, “Dean! Where are you, you just took off--” but Dean hangs up. He can’t face Cas. He can’t do this. Giving up on calling a car, he flags down a taxi that rolls by and hops in.
Bobby can practically feel Sam bristle at Benny calling Dean brother, but he should know by now that Benny does it just to rile him up.
He takes it back to Ezekiel’s shop, and the guy helps him cut it and mount his little sink and his induction cooktop on top, with his tiny oven underneath. Dean thanks him for his help, and offers to pay him, but Ezekiel declines.
Dean sinks slowly to the ground, trying to breathe through getting the wind knocked out of him while glaring at the asshole who gave him the shaft. Literally and figuratively.
Though honestly, Dean thinks to himself, what’s even normal for him? It’s been so long since he’s really experienced the full power of his Sentinel senses, he’s probably the shittiest Sentinel that’s ever lived. The FBI sure isn’t knocking on his door to help solve cases with his ‘superior intuition’ after all. He muddled his way through high school and worked hard to get through college and graduate school for his bachelor’s in mechanical engineering and then his masters in aerospace engineering, and now he’s slogging through to finish his doctorate. The Ph.D. is a bitch, so far, but Dean’s most of the way through. More than half, anyway. And he knows in his heart that without that drug, today would’ve ended in a zone.
Their house burns down. They’re two states over checking into a motel by dinner time the next day, and Dad won’t look at Dean.
He knows that what he did was right, but he also knows that other people try to nose their way into their family business.
“Oh, I know it, Rufus. Can I get you two something? He winks at Cas and grins at Sam. You sure you’re old enough to drink, kid?”
talked about it. Not even with Charlie, who would be nothing but supportive, given that she’s a gold star lesbian. He’s always dated girls, but lately, he’s been craving something different.
,” and shouting that he was pansexual at his family), he now works alongside Castiel at the university hospital. He and Gabriel feel that Castiel needs to “broaden his horizons” and occasionally manage to convince him (usually by way of getting Anna on the phone) that a night out is a good idea. It nearly always ends in an atrocious hangover and regret. And usually glitter.
“Dean, what--” Cas tries to interject, but Ketch interrupts him. All Dean can do it stare at his life falling to pieces in front of him. He doesn’t know what to do to make all of this go away.
There’s a shuffling sound on the other end of the phone, and then, “Castiel? It’s Benny. Where’s Dean’s van?”
Bobby agrees to come, and still grumbling about “Idjit kids tryin’ to butt into my life.” He tells Dean to have a burger and get some sleep. Dean salutes him sarcastically as he walks out the door, heading to his own office that he shares with two other Ph.D. candidates. Sure, he’ll get some sleep. He’s just got to wear himself out enough. Or maybe Benny needs a drinking buddy and he can just pass the fuck out tonight. Or maybe he needs some weed. It used to help calm his nerves back in undergrad; he doesn’t know why he shouldn’t try it again. And it’s practically legal now.
It wasn’t great that Dean zoned in the first place, of course. But the university’s Sentinel-Guide Alliance chapter had pushed for policies to be put in place to accommodate Sentinel or Guide teachers, though they weren’t used often, since Sentinels and Guides are rare in the first place - one of his students had recently found out her brother is a Sentinel and was now a member. Each building has an emergency button, usually near the fire alarm, which calls campus security, and from there, Bobby and Cas are located. If Cas is able to come it was ideal, but if not, they planned for Bobby to wait with Dean and keep an eye on him until he either came out on his own or Cas could get there to help.
Dean sees him next at the Roadhouse. They talked for a moment, but it was a Saturday night. The bar was busy.
When they finally make it back up to the house, clad in pajamas with thick sweatshirts and boots, Sam and Bobby are already sitting at the table drinking coffee. Sam looks a bit worse for wear, but a hangover will do that to you.
What the hell? He doesn’t talk about him that much. He scrolls up through his text messages with Charlie, and what do you know? Apparently, he does talk about Cas a lot. That doesn’t mean anything, though. He responds.
God, that had sucked. Sam had left three years later for school, and the arguments leading up to that last big one had often been about Sam being pissed that no one ever told him anything. Dean still can’t believe that for a kid as smart as him, he never saw the fires following Dean around.
Shiba inus, Dean learned, have a very distinctive noise they make. It’s quite literally called a shiba scream. And Yasha screams when they get home from work. Every. Day.
“Yeah, I was just looking for my kid brother. It’s his first day,” he points over at the other playground and shrugs his shoulders.
“Nothing gives, everything’s fine.” Dean’s actually been doing really well with not being bothered with the noise and lights in the bar recently. Probably because all of his focus is on not-focusing on Cas.
“Alright, smiley, let’s go,” Dean pulls on Cas's hand that he’s holding, tugging him towards the stairs. “It’s been a while, is all.”
Castiel steps out of the way of a man on his cell phone, clearly not watching where he’s walking, and continues, “Those block approximately thirty decibels in your hearing. It’s like wearing those, and whatever the equivalent would be for touch, smell, sight, and taste, but all the time.”
Castiel feels like he has to push through slow-moving smoke clouding Dean’s senses. He furrows his brow in some confusion but continues onward, reaching for that moment he can connect with the Sentinel.
Castiel smiled at Dean and hooked his arm around his waist while they walked. Dean wrapped his around Castiel, and they meandered up and down the hilly streets.
Bobby takes them to a motel for the night and tells Dean that he’s got a guy coming to drive Dean’s car back to Berkeley for him.
Cas makes him nervous in that other way, too. Because the aches and pains that he stopped paying attention to long ago ease up when he’s around the Guide. He barely even remembered the ache in his neck and shoulders, and his slightly soured stomach until they disappeared. And then reappeared when Cas left, which makes it so much harder to leave every time. It’s like a drug, Dean can’t get enough, even though he knows it’s going to bite him in the ass.
When Dean arrives in Balthazar’s office the next morning to meet him and Pam, he’s got Cas in tow. They had driven together because Dean’s still not allowed to drive himself, for fear of a zone. Balthazar takes one look between them, and a leering grin appears on his face. “You’re positively glowing this morning, darlings,” he bounces his eyebrows for emphasis, and Dean refuses to blush, simply rolling his eyes. Just because Balthazar is right doesn’t mean he needs to know that he’s right.
Sam doesn’t even know. And Dean told Bobby not to tell him if he called. Dean checks in with him via text occasionally, but he rarely receives more than “yeah, I’m good” from his brother. Sam only voluntarily texts him at Christmas and Dean’s birthday, and gives perfunctory responses the rest of the time. Very rarely, they will talk on the phone. He’s 40 minutes from his brother, and he’s too chicken to tell him so.
“You mean you can tell what everyone is feeling?” Dean and Cas are laying in bed, Dean’s got Cas in his arms. He’s not sure if he prefers this or being held since both are amazing, but he definitely enjoys getting to cover Castiel with himself, he supposes it probably fulfills some kind of protection instinct that Sentinels have, letting him be a little extra possessive of his Guide.
A guy named Garth he’s been talking to on the VanDwellers subreddit meets him in Colorado and helps him mount solar panels to the roof. Garth gets a friend of his to show Dean how to hook up his electric so that the solar panels charge his battery, but the alternator charges it up while he drives, too.
, and Dean was psyched to finally get to play on the big kids' playground. It had one of those super tall slides; he saw it from the window of the Impala when dad took them to get registered. The little kids’ playground only had a short slide. Suckers.
“I can sign the forms,” Dean interjects quietly, looking up at Sam. His dad stares at him, looking furious.
Benny, the owner of the 24-hour cafe that he works most of his hours at lets him park his van in the alleyway behind the cafe when he works long shifts so that he can pass out as soon as possible, which Dean appreciates.
Feet thunder up the stairs, and Dean’s breathing becomes ragged. He clenches his teeth and forces himself to breathe normally.
The men watch warily, until they hear a small moan come from Dean. He frowns. Dean opens his eyes slowly.
Most Sentinels didn’t need prescription drugs and razors and burning pain to get through their day. Dean’s just fucked up. Most Sentinels can help people with their so-called gifts. Dean’s chosen a path purely for his own self-interest, according to his father.
“Yeah! Dean and me are reading a ‘cyclopedia about dinosaurs!” Sam’s almost shouting in his enthusiasm. Dean doesn’t bother to hold back his smile, the kid’s enthusiasm is cute.
“Shh, good boy, time to be quiet now. You’re doing so good, you’re always so good for me,” more oil, another finger, and Dean moans and whines, wants to get up onto his knees, but Cas is still sitting on his legs and he can’t move.
Dean freezes. “What?” As usual, she hits the nail on the head. You win, Charlie, collect your prize.
“Yeah!” Of course she wants to meet Sammy, he’s awesome. Dean’s got the best little brother on the planet.
“So this is the famous Cas, huh? Dean never shuts up about you,” Bobby is gruff, but Castiel can see kindness in his eyes. From what he’s heard of Bobby from Dean, the man comes across as ornery, but Castiel is not to be fooled (
The feeling of Dean’s unease and discomfort inches across Castiel’s skin, and though the urge to reach out and soothe pesters him, he ignores it and attempts to plead his case to Dean. Being brushed off like this feels distinctly wrong.
“Dean? You okay?” Sam has stopped walking, Dean realizes because Dean has stopped walking. They’re standing just outside the doorway to his room, and Dean has to close his eyes against the bright white of the lights in the halls.
“Yeah, but you want it to be more. So, consider this my two weeks notice. I wanna hit the road in my new bitchin’ van.”
Dean tugs slightly on the leash, but can’t budge his pup. She weighs maybe twelve pounds, but this little dog is an immovable object. What the hell?
and Sam will ramble on about the pretty girl in one of his classes until he remembers that he’s mad at John, and by extension, Dean.
The week before, Dean and Sam had gone to the library and picked up a book about dinosaurs, because they were Sam’s current obsession.
“That’s enough!” Dean thinks this might be the closest he’s ever come to hearing Cas shout. “Sam Winchester, if you can’t show the same empathy for your brother as you can to the clients in your practice undergoing mental health distress, then I don’t know if I can trust you to take care of the wellbeing of a child in need. Dean is an adult, and you’re treating him like a misbehaving child in his own home, and I will not stand for it!”
See, that turned out to be a problem as well. Castiel’s spell had had the effect they wanted, but they couldn’t turn it off. They could block each other out for a time, but the link remained. Neither of them could be particularly bothered that they could talk to each other privately. It was a small thing, and it wasn’t as though they weren’t soul-mates. Their link wasn’t going to get in the way of possible romantic relationships, because it only served to enhance theirs. They gradually got used to the link, and their lives returned to business as usual.
“No, and he has no idea. I don’t want him to. I didn’t want to keep doing it, but school’s expensive, and without
A slow, tentative smile breaks out on Dean’s face, and it’s like a thousand sunrises, to Castiel. “Really?”
“What’s her name? Is she hot?” Leaning on the counter, he sees Cas roll his eyes at the question. He reaches out with his foot and gives him a nudge with his socked toes in response, and Cas’ mouth turns up at the corner in a sly smile.
A while later, Ms. Freeman comes out to get them and bring them back in the meeting, and Dean is sure she’s about to tell him he’s been expelled. The stone in his stomach is still there, and now it’s hot and rolling around with a bunch of other stones.
Dean grimaces, but Bobby gets his way. After a mediocre hospital breakfast, Bobby pushes Dean’s wheelchair out to his truck. He helps Dean get in (his sprained knee fucking hurts), hands off the wheelchair, and climbs in.
Benny gives him a narrow look, but he heads to the front of the warm studio space to fiddle with his phone attached to the speakers. Dean looks up from where he’s stretching on his mat to see Jess walk in. He waves at her, and she weaves her way to the back row to unroll her mat next to Dean’s.
“You been out for a day and a half. I packed up your shit from the house and took your car over to a public lot, it should be fine. Doc said if you woke up today you could be out of here by tomorrow.”
Typically, Castiel would balk at being invited second hand into a stranger’s home, but given how much Sam talks about his older brother, Castiel feels a happy anticipation in getting to meet him. He can put a face with the name at last.
When he can open his eyes again, Dean pulls Castiel up by the shoulders and turns him quickly so that he’s the one with his back to the wall. He can taste himself in Cas’ mouth, and it barely takes thirty seconds before Cas groans and comes.
Dean moans. He just wants to be done. He’s sitting in a chair again, but it’s different. It’s metal, and it feels cold and sticky against Dean’s back. He’s still wearing his shorts, but they’re torn and shredded in spots, barely covering him. His arms are pulled behind his back, but his legs are free.
“Why’re you gonna be there? Shouldn’t come, Bobby. Should just let me die.” The cliff idea has merit, Dean thinks. He could die in a fire, like mom did. Maybe he’d see his mom again. Or maybe it would be nothing, after; just blackness. That would be nice, too, in its own way.
“Aw, you’ll always be a chubby twelve year old to me, Samantha.” He winks at Cas, who grins back. “Whaddaya want?” He starts pulling a beer and slides it over to Castiel, who nods and takes a drink. Apparently, he doesn’t need to ask.
Huh. A paramedic. Driving around in an ambulance, getting on the scene, helping people when they need it the most. Dean could do that. He’s been doing minor motel room medical procedures for a long time, imagine if he could apply that skill to a job. Shit, he’s even been taking some anatomy courses from a community college that allowed him to take courses online. He starts looking into the qualifications he would need to become a paramedic.
“Are you sure?” Dean says in a voice low enough that Cas perceives it as a whisper, a breath. “You don’t just feel bad for me; it’s not just because you’re a Guide and I’m a Sentinel, and that’s what’s supposed to happen?”
The glances he’d gotten from his friends confirm what he’d been seeing in the mirror wasn’t just a trick of the light, and he knows he should do something, but has no idea what it is, so he just continues, business as usual. No one’s caught him out yet, running at two in the morning until he collapses back into his bed, or staying up and studying and getting his thesis work done, because he wants to graduate on time, dammit.
Sam is on his way. Bobby hasn’t heard from him. Charlie says he hasn’t used any credit cards, and his cell phone has been turned off. He hasn’t used his wifi hotspot, his tablet is turned off.
Dean pops the trunk of the car, and looking around, he quickly swaps his t-shirt for a shirt with a tighter fit that he won’t mind if it gets ruined. The thin shirt does fit pretty tightly, but not so tightly that he looks out of place. Just enough so the guys at the bar know what he’s selling.
The other day in the common study area, Dean was attempting to choke down his protein bar and a bottle of water when a girl, clearly an undergrad, sat down next to him and stared at him for an uncomfortable amount of time. After a few moments, he realized this girl was a Guide, and she was feeling him resonate. It happens more often than Dean would care to admit, a Guide finds him and watches him. Sometimes he feels a little bit of resonation in his fingertips, but he never feels the full-body hum that he gets around Cas. Regardless, he had been able to eat half the bar and drink all of the water, so he’s going to call that a win. Even if walking away from the stunned girl had been slightly awkward.
Fortunately, it seems that the noise doesn’t travel far outside their apartment, but one of their neighbors happened to be walking past their door when Cas was walking in one day, and it had to be explained that “no, really, she’s just excited, I promise.”
He stays physically connected to the Sentinel while he watches the blood test result in a positive. Toxicity present for Sensinull.
“Well, shit, do your thing.” She moves around the bed, still holding the Ambu bag that’s breathing for Dean, and Cas relocates so that he’s on Dean’s left side near his head, the farthest from the door.
He thinks he should kick Alastair, but he’s barely able to shift his leg an inch he’s so tired, and when Alastair sees him moving, He holds his knife against the inside of Dean’s thigh.
“You think I won’t want you by the time summer comes around,” Cas's voice is calm, not giving away even a hint of what he’s feeling. “Do you really think I’m just biding my time with you? Waiting for something better to come along,” which drives Dean to finally look at him.
“Dr. Pamela Barnes.”  She strides forward purposefully and puts out her hand for Dean to shake. He’s an idiot. Of course, they wouldn’t let anyone just walk in.  He’s a little startled by the way she navigates the room, closing the door behind her, then swerving around furniture and stopping in the exact right spot near Dean’s hospital bed. “Good to meet you, handsome.”
“Dean, you’re okay, you’re in the hospital. You collapsed in your classroom, you were in a zone. You’ve got a tube down your throat to help you breathe, and I know it’s not comfortable, but I need you to stay calm, okay?”
Oh yeah. He called Bobby. He brings the phone up to his ear and winces, his arm protesting the movement.
She got into the toilet paper in the bathroom and dragged it out into the living room, where it looks like she got into a fight with it and it definitely lost. There’s a half-chewed ream of printer paper that will never be fit to be printed on. She didn’t pull any books down, thank goodness, but she did find the newspaper and she killed it.
Dean’s still staring up at the sky, laying back in his lounge chair next to hers, almost pointedly not looking at Charlie. She turns to sit sideways on her own chair so that she’s facing Dean, even if he won’t look at her. She needs him to know that she’s serious.
“Oh, fuck. Kid, are you alright? What happened to you?” Some other guy comes walking around the corner of the building and stops in his tracks when he sees Dean sitting against the wall.
“Mmm. Don’t know if I can move, so thas prolly good,” not being able to stand up is definitely a flaw in his plan, he’ll give Bobby that.
Long story short, Dean’s distracted, but not in the way he means to be. Which means he’s working extra hard to keep himself in check. Which means Charlie notices.
. No one can see color except this old guy and this kid, and they all take medicine that makes them boring, except for the old guy and the kid. And there’s this weird thing where they all have to wear the same clothes and eat the same food. That’s sad. I’d be mad if I couldn’t eat cheeseburgers,” he squirms a bit, scuffs his shoes in the dirt that’s peeking through the scruffy grass this close to the little fence. This is a long time to talk to a grown-up, but he doesn’t want to be rude. Dad says you should always be polite to teachers. “Can I go play now?”
“You have anxiety. You have regular panic attacks, and you’ve been taught that these are zones and can be controlled with pain. You also have mild to moderate depression, which has been exacerbated by the use of sedatives and Sensinull. These things, combined with your overactive senses, have inadvertently led to symptoms and behaviors that present as an eating disorder, similar to anorexia.”
Dean cracks a smile, those air quotes are ridiculous, but the man’s got a point. “Did I ever tell you that I hate flying?”
Benny slides out the door, mumbling something about getting ice. Dean still doesn’t know how to respond. Cas crouches down next to Dean, who’s having a hard time getting himself to look at Cas. He scrunches his eyes shut, and whispers “Cas, just-- just go. You don’t have to do this.”
Dean pauses, not sure what to say to that. “We were never big on religion. Me and Sam were actually both born here, but we moved to this small town when Sam was still a baby. And I mean really small. Really religious. Most folks went to church on Sunday. My dad was never interested, and then he pissed off a bunch of them when I was like, thirteen and my senses had really kicked off. They came to our house one day, wanted to do an exorcism on me.” Cas makes a shocked noise. “Yeah, welcome to rural southern America. Anyway, he told them to shove it. He moved us back here a little while after that, so I could see a doctor who specialized in… in people with issues like I have.”
When they get to the house, a very kind woman named Amy takes them back to see the puppies. She has them wash their hands, and on the way, tells them a little bit more about how the puppies came to be at her house.
Dean wants to refute him on every point, but he’s not allowed. Cas stays silent for a few minutes, working his way down Dean’s back, slowly beginning at the dip in his spine, then lower still. He thinks he should maybe feel embarrassed about it feeling so good to have Cas’s hands massaging the firm muscle of his ass, but he can’t make himself care. It feels too good.
When they open the door, Yasha is as excited to see them as always, but the apartment looks like a paper factory exploded.
Dean has lately been dipping his toe into the waters of his bisexuality, but he’s never really acted on it (paid encounters aside), and he has
“A fellow Biologist. I’m Dean, nice to meet you,” he sticks out his hand, and the guy looks down at it. When he grasps Dean’s hand, it’s somewhat hesitant.
“I just-- I’m giving you an out. This way you can say that I left. You don’t have to stay with me.” Cas looks like he’s getting choked up, but Dean knew that was a possibility. He pushes through. “I know you probably feel like you have to stay with me, but you don’t. I’m gonna go. You didn’t sign up for this.”
One Friday night, he’s bemoaning his dog-search woes to Charlie, when she says “what about a shiba inu?”
Charlie wanted to kill him, but Dean wouldn’t let her. She’s not sure he remembers telling her all that.
“Uh, sorry, Ellen. Guess it got away from me. I didn’t even know Dean was working here until today. Thought he was still with dad.”
“Do you think his reaction was appropriate?” Dean furrows his brow and doesn’t answer. What does she mean? Pam tries again. “If a fourteen-year-old came up to you and told you that their dad hit them the way your dad did because their nine-year-old brother decided to be a nine-year-old. Would you think it was an appropriate reaction?”
Dean can already see the face Sam would make after he finished yelling at Dean about how no one ever tells him anything. He still remembers the argument about moving when Sam was 15 and had to leave his first girlfriend. Sam had been livid, But Dean and John saw the news about the fire at the church and knew it was time to go.
the smallest in this room, so Dean vows to watch out for bullies), And Dean gets placed in a classroom that’s half third graders and half fourth graders. There’s a little group of the fourth graders that take the fifth-grade reading, and they’re in the middle of reading
“What’s done is done,” Cas says, his voice strong. “It’s in the past, and we can’t change it. But we can learn from it.”
Sam doesn’t look up at him, but he shakes his head. “I’m gonna, um. I’m gonna go. I’m just—I need to uh, think. I’ll see you later.”
“Is he really? Then why the fuck does he have a fresh burn on his arm, Castiel? Why didn’t you stop him?
“That’s okay, tell me what you remember. You want these guys to go?” Gesturing at Sam, Cas, and Bobby.
“You’re surprised,” Cas says, his own surprise making him tilt his head in that endearing way he has that makes it so Dean can’t even be annoyed when Cas is being deliberately obtuse. “Why?”
They end up with two harnesses (the woman working at the counter is sympathetic to their problem, and agrees, it’s a common issue), a different collar, a new leash, and way too many toys.
right. You wouldn’t believe how many times I had to start over with someone new before I figured it out.”
, Dean thinks. Not with all those scars. “—beautiful, Dean. I mean it. Your scars are battle wounds, and they’re part of you. I love every part of you, I promise.”
Dean glances at the “feelings wheel” Pam has on the wall. “Angry, I guess. Hurt. Inadequate. Confused. Really confused.”
” Of course he didn’t, Charlie shakes her head while Dean continues, “thought maybe it would be fine. It wasn’t. And then Lydia couldn’t stand all the changes she had to make.”
Hell, even within Bonded pairs who work together, the relationships vary. Dean knows his dad knew someone in the military who was a Sentinel, and was part of a Bonded pair who were deployed together, but their relationship was purely professional, according to John Winchester. Rufus, on the other hand, he married his Guide. It’s not like there was a rulebook for this.
Dean makes a noncommittal noise at that, bobs his head to the side as a kind of non-response. Cas has turned out to be a good guy, a good friend, but Dean still isn’t sure how comfortable he is with a friend who’s also a Guide. Who he definitely has a crush on.
Life is moving forward, and that’s more than Dean thought would happen. He confesses to Cas that he was going to kill himself when he tried to leave that day, and Cas tells him he will never stop feeling grateful that he got home in time to stop Dean from doing anything.
He shows Cas where he put the extra fire extinguishers, installs the new smoke detectors with extra loud alarms.
“No, I mean. Yeah. I do have to work this summer, but I’ll have some time off between semesters, and for the Fourth of July and everything. But I guess I didn’t know the rest of your family knew about me.”
Dean feels nauseated at the very idea. Sensinull gets him through his day, he has no idea what his day looks like without it. “So I have to take sedatives again.”
He feels bad, too. There’s no way Cas is satisfied by what they’ve been doing. Dean’s okay with it because aside from Amara and maybe Lisa, sex has felt like a thing he deals with because his partner wants it.
Cas is the safe haven inside of a storm. He’s the bulletproof bunker where Dean can reset and reload for the next foray out into the storm, into the battle.
, it’s just pushing air through his vocal cords. But he feels like his vocal cords are fighting to remain closed and shut off his voice again. He needs to get through this and then they never have to move again for all he cares.
“I’ll show you in a bit, if you want, Sammy. I bought a van from this girl and outfitted it with a bed and a little kitchen and everything.”
Henrickson looks at him, seemingly remembering that the three of them are still there. “No. I’d like you to stay here, though. Officially, since Miss Bradbury’s report was
Mrs. Freeman answers him quickly. “Dean is very bright for his age as well, Mr. Winchester. He answered every single question on the math pre-test correctly, and the majority of those concepts are things that aren’t in the third-grade curriculum until the spring. He’s got the highest reading score in my classroom, according to his reading group placement test. And it’s not just that Dean reads quickly and fluently--which he absolutely does. He’s
Dean’s been rejected by a lot of people, but he suddenly realizes this is the first time it really matters. He tried to keep Cas around because Cas is it, he would be a perfect Guide for a Sentinel better than Dean, and to exactly no one’s surprise, Dean’s failing.
“Your brother here had a knife held to his neck. Moved into the blade, and Alastair dropped the thing. Shot him as soon as he let go, but your brother got a pretty good slice on his neck for his troubles.”
Bobby humphs, and looks expectantly at Dean. Dean looks over at Cas, who’s watching him with his eyebrows raised. Sam looks like he’s waiting to have the rug ripped out from under his feet. Which, in fairness, is what Dean’s about to do. He tries to soften the blow.
Dean is seriously regretting his life choices. How the hell did he let himself get talked into pursuing a master’s degree in mechanical engineering? And why the hell did those idiots at this school let him in? Cas, sure. Cas is working hard towards being a doctor, and Dean couldn’t be prouder of him. Castiel is going to be the best damn surgeon in the country one day. Dean could’ve been a mechanic by now, but of course Sam went and talked him into pursuing his dream of designing cars, not just fixing them. So here he is, writing a paper about low speed crash resistance of lightweight vehicles and completely lacking in motivation and/or anything to say. He’s written his introduction, his conclusion, and one paragraph about what constitutes a lightweight vehicle.
“Well, we got a call from the Puppy Mill Project, and there was a place out near L.A. that wasn’t complying with the puppy mill laws that went into effect this year. So they got in touch with Fresno Animal Adoption Society, and I’ve fostered some for them in the past. They needed space for six puppies and since we recently lost our dog Roscoe, we have the space. We’re thinking about keeping one of the puppies for ourselves, to be honest.”
“Idjits. You look at him the same way, you’d think you’d do somethin’ about it,” he grumbles, “lock the two of you up in a room and won’t let you out until you sort out that tension,” and Bobby leaves the room, heading to bed. Dean scowls after him.
He doesn’t even know how he could convince Cas to take a chance on him after that mess of a zone and the way Dean handled it. And he’s still not sure it’s the best idea to try to make a relationship with a Guide like Cas at this point, but he doesn’t want to stay away. Staying away makes him feel awful. It’s not as bad as that time Cas went to the conference, but it still isn’t fun.
“I’m afraid you’re stuck with us for a few days, Mr. Winchester. Concussions sometimes take days to develop fully. We need to watch those burns and make sure they don’t get infected, and we want to continue to limit your movement in your neck, given the location of your injury. It’s very close to some important vascular structures, so we’d like it to heal a little more before we let you go.”
“You put your foot in it, Bobby,” Ellen snickers a little into her cup while they relocate to the chairs by the fire, “Dean’s gonna be a peach about it now.”
In addition to the honesty, the pot helps Dean sleep, and Charlie thinks he almost looks like he got a good night’s rest in the morning.
What do you do with your life running from fire? What did he use to want to do, before everything got so screwed up? As a child, he knew he wanted a job that was important. He was good at helping. Good at following directions. Give Dean a procedure, and he could execute it flawlessly. He still remembers having to stitch up a cut on his dad’s ribs when a bar fight got out of hand. Dean didn’t understand until later why his dad refused to go to the hospital in town. And Dean couldn’t exactly drive him to the next town over. He caught on a few years later when after using his insurance card from his dad to get Sam’s broken arm taken care of, the hospital burned down the same night they came home.
Dean nods, happy with the compromise. Plus he gets to see Cas all sweaty, which is a definite bonus.
“You got any words of wisdom here, doc? What should I do?” Dean forces himself to paste on a smile, give Cas a wink. Anything to ease the tension he’s feeling. It must work a little bit because Cas's frown twitches into something approximating a smile.
Sammy’s teacher accepts his explanation, and Dean heads down the hallway to his own classroom. It’s in a different area of the building, for the
Christmas is uneventful, other than Bobby rolling his eyes at the two of them cuddled up on the couch under the same blanket. They find an excuse to be touching, whether it’s Cas standing behind Dean at the stove, Dean leaning against Cas’ legs as he passes out gifts from under the tree, or their ankles hooked together under the kitchen table as they eat their breakfast and drink their coffee.
He doesn’t seem fine. His cheekbones are more pronounced than ever. His lips look chapped, his eyes are fever-bright with dark smudges beneath them, patches of color now high on his cheeks. Dean hadn’t felt warm, but it’s possible his fever was masked by his clothing.
They decide to go out for Mexican food, or as close as they can get in their town. It’s not terribly authentic; the cheesy looking maracas on the menu make Dean roll his eyes, and Cas always frowns at the one waiter who always wears a sombrero. Dean has to stop him from giving the fifteen-year-old kid a lecture about cultural appropriation, though he thinks he might have to let Cas do it at some point. It’s getting a little ridiculous, but the guacamole is the best Dean’s had in the area, and Cas loves their tortilla soup.
Dean swallows hard, listening to Cas talk. It’s a complicated feeling he’s having about all the praise heaped on him; part of him loves it, craves it, but the other part of him is squirming in discomfort. He hasn’t done anything to earn it yet. He’s trying to learn to
“You’ve got to eat, big brother. And also I brought you this. It’s a weighted blanket,” Sam sets the soup down and drapes the blanket over Dean’s lap once he sits up to take the soup, and he feels… something. “I figured it couldn’t hurt. I originally got it for your insanely sensitive days, but you said you felt like you were going to float away? Maybe this can weigh you down a bit.”
“I mean, I didn’t do it on purpose, but generally, yeah. It’s a bad idea for us to be friends, you shouldn’t be around me, my senses have been going haywire, and I think it’s really better if we just stay away from each other until I can even out,” Dean says this all in a rush, and it doesn’t even make sense, but he keeps going. And he won’t look at Castiel.
Cas confesses to Dean that it was very difficult for him to not say anything before regarding his concerns for Dean’s health, especially when he found Dean in his office in the middle of a zone.
He concentrates on his breathing and leans against the wall while he fumbles his phone out of his pocket. He needs to get away, and he needs a car to do that--
Ignoring the question, Dean picks up a pen and signs his name. Handing the paperwork back to his brother, he asks, “when do you leave?”
“How-- Why? No, I just, I don’t know what to say.” He runs his fingers through his dark hair, making it progressively messier.
It still gives him a jolt of anger towards John Winchester when he sees Dean with new bandages, fresh wounds that he knows are self-inflicted but can’t prove, and when he asks, Dean usually replies, “Accidentally grabbed a hot pan, dude,” and then their friends tease him about being clumsy.
When he knocks on Bobby’s door and opens it to the gruff, “Yeah, yeah, come on,” the look he receives from his mentor and uncle is startled.
“Ah! Holy-- fuck! Yes, please, faster! Yessss!” Dean shouts, and comes, shooting onto the face of the cabinets and the floor below him. He lies panting on the counter top. Fuck, that was a powerful orgasm. Who knew he could come so hard without a hand on his dick?
“D’you think Amara and Lisa left because they realized I was no good? Like, as a Sentinel. And, I mean, I guess as a person.”
“Yeah, I do though. I’m 22, Bobby. I’m just crampin’ your style here, old man. Now you can have Ellen over without waiting until I’m not around.”
His mother is shaking her head, apparently in denial of the simple facts he’s given her. “I can’t accept that, Castiel.”
He remembers not having to do this as a kid. When he was a kid, the senses were kind of cool. He always knew when there was some kind of sweet treat available at his house. He was the best in their class at hide and seek (the other kids didn’t usually let him be the seeker, but when they did he was
Dean finds the suspicion extremely frustrating but consents to house arrest anyway. He sulks the whole time. His dad only lets up three very tense days later, when he learns that the pizza place he had taken the boys to has had a fire. Electrical failure. Dean had been with him the whole time, and there was just no way that it could’ve been him. Still. There’s definitely a connection between Dean and the fires.
He makes a noise of agreement and after a moment asks, “Do you mind if I ask why you want to know?” If Sam would like to talk, Castiel hopes that he’s well aware that he will keep whatever they say confidential. Besides, Castiel can tell that he’s bursting to tell someone… something.
Benny lays the first strip vertically down his shins, and Dean knows there’s some kind of technical stuff he does with the amount of stretch and tension on each piece, but he doesn’t ask for details. While Benny rubs the tape to make sure the adhesive activates, he reminds Dean, “make sure you’re giving yourself rest days between workouts.”
“Fine. Yes, Sam. Dad hit me a little. But he always had a reason, okay? I fucked up a lot, and he put me in my place! I was supposed to watch out for you, and I didn’t always do the best job!”
“Yes, take one, but that won’t be enough at this point, it’s not going to stabilize enough in fifteen minutes, trust me. Do you want an ambulance or a ride?”
“She clearly wasn’t getting what she needed from me.” This part is so obvious to Dean that it stumps him when Pam asks her next question.
“Dean!” Sam nearly shouts, excited, happy to see his brother’s green eyes once again, glassy and confused though they may be.
“This is not who you are, Castiel!” his father is close to shouting at him, which has almost never happened before, “you will not embarrass the family like this! It was bad enough that Gabriel went off to cook, but at least he’s not a-- a-- homosexual!”
The firefighter immediately radios his fellows who are presumably the ones who cleared the building. He comes back in a moment with a report. “No vans in any of the garages. There wasn’t anyone in there.”
The door to the shower opens, and a naked Castiel steps in, looking Dean up and down appreciatively.
Dean closes his eyes. Maybe he should just rip the bandaid off? He opens his mouth, but doesn’t have anything planned. Anything he says now is going to come off melodramatic. He doesn’t need to worry Cas more. He shakes his head.
Some days it’s hard to control the fog. Getting out of bed in the morning is the hardest, and some days he doesn’t manage it at all. Bobby is as understanding as he possibly could be, given that he has been dealing with Dean and his stupid senses for a long time. It isn't as bad during the day when he’s busy, but there’s always the sensation that if Dean stops moving he might never start again. Inertia is his friend and his enemy in equal parts.
His intro to engineering class has about fifty students in it, and attendance isn’t mandatory but he gives extra credit for it. Most of his students come to every lecture; he’s got about five or so that skip at least once a week, but for the most part, this smaller lecture hall is pretty full. He likes this room; its desks are actually long tables, and they’re on risers so everyone can see, and more importantly, he can see everyone.
“I’ll go in a couple of hours, it’s not a problem. Are you feeling up to doing a blood draw today? We have it scheduled, but I can do it tomorrow instead.”
“Cas, did you see that Beekind sent us some new stuff? It’s redwood forest honeydew or something, really looks dark--” and Castiel is diverted, but he logs the incident in his brain for the list he has of poorly excused injuries he has spotted on Dean. He wishes that he could wipe away each and every mark, and in his mind he gives a gentle kiss to the hand-shaped bruise on his arm and allows Dean to change the subject.
, I didn’t know you cared! So he asked me if I’d fix up the website, which obviously I will, and then I asked if he had any openings in his staff, and he said he was thinking about hiring someone on part-time, which is
Dean already knows, he heard her voice when Cas answered. With the Sensinull out of the picture, his senses have become much more acute. It’s weird. He’s still adjusting. He nods, giving Cas his attention.
They grab Yasha, who’s excited to be the center of attention from both of her people, and head out the door to the pet boutique about a half mile from their apartment.
“It’s the only medication I take besides over the counter pain stuff sometimes. He’s given me a prescription for like, Xanax before, but I didn’t like the way it made me feel so I don’t take it.”
“Oh, here and there. I always liked cooking, even if Dad hated it when I did. I stayed with this chick in New Hampshire who was a professional chef and she taught me some. Ellen taught me how to make a good burger. Benny taught me about marinating my meat,” he lets out a wry laugh, “Gabe taught me to use cold butter in my pies.”
“Knitting a sweater,” Dean responds flatly. He used up all his energy for his meeting with Bobby, and now he’s got to convince himself he has the energy to get home.
“Dad?” Dean’s voice comes from the couch in the front room. John doesn’t know why he’s still awake, and it pisses him off. He storms into the room to find Dean standing up from the couch.
The empty space is easier to chase away, but a problem remains that Cas’s warmth can’t solve—Dean’s afraid. If he lets Cas get too close, they might form a bond, and he can’t make Cas do that. He just can’t. If past experience has taught him anything, it’s that he was made wrong. A bond probably wouldn’t even work with him, and if it did, he’s sure it would be tainted. Dean thinks he might be rotten on the inside like if you broke him open he would be filled with worms and dark, smelly dirt that you don’t find unless you dig really really deep.
A car pulls into his driveway; he sees it from the corner of his window and recognizes it as the model Sam mentioned as his. “I’m hanging up on you now. Sam and Jessica are here to pick me up.”
“There won’t be any bonding, Sammy,” Dean grits out through a clenched jaw, walking through the doorway after them, and Castiel can practically taste the tension and a hint of what seems like fear rolling off of Dean, even though his voice sounds casual and sarcastic. He stops a small noise of protest from coming out of his throat, even though those words feel like a sucker punch. That’s
By the end of the semester, Dean and Cas are regularly meeting up whenever they can. Castiel often will study at the cafe with Dean, or keep him company at the bar, often with a textbook or his tablet propped open in front of him. He helps Dean study often and sometimes chides him for not taking better care of himself.
There are good things, too. Dean’s been taking the increased dose of Sensinull for five weeks now, and his symptoms are easing a little. He’s no longer nauseous all the time, so even though he’s still not exactly hungry, he eats. He breathes a bit easier, his chest feeling less tight. His headaches haven’t entirely disappeared, but they’ve changed, reduced in frequency and duration. He’s even sleeping more, though judging by the dark circles under his eyes and the number of times he’s almost bit it tripping over his own two feet, it’s probably still not enough. But it’s better.
Dean pauses, but then so softly that Castiel almost misses it says, “Amara said that, too. Told me she loved me.”
“Alright, down to business. Dean, I just want to make sure. You’re okay with both Castiel and your brother hearing your diagnoses, treatment, restrictions, all that jazz?”
There aren’t any fireworks, and the world doesn’t stop. But in Dean’s mind, there’s a slight ‘click’ that registers, like two magnets that have been held slightly apart have finally been allowed to connect.
Dean laughs. “Yeah. It sucked.” He tells Pam about the hospital stays, and the town thinking he was some kind of demon, and then he tells her how the worst part was trying to take care of Sam through it all.
“Dude, just because we matched up doesn’t mean we’re a good match. Promise, you’re gonna want to find someone else. And Guides always think they resonate with me, it’s just a—” he waves his hand, “—thing.”
“That shit only works a little. I’m sorry, Cas, but I just don’t want to live in a constant state of congestion. I know you really want a cat. How about a fish?” Dean’s already suggested a dog, but Castiel initially dismissed the idea. He had dogs growing up, and he loved them. But he’s always had a soft spot for the cats in his family.
The door opens, and Dean didn’t even hear anyone coming because of the couch’s funk. He turns his head, and it’s Garth, who’s working towards his structural engineering Ph.D. and always smells like he’s coming from the dentist’s office, and it makes Dean sneeze, every time.
When he does finally go talk to Dr. Milton, his professor is there too. They tell Dean that given the previous work in the class, both on tests and assignments, they’ve agreed to base his performance on all completed work. He doesn’t have to take the final. He receives his degree in the mail four weeks later, and all Dean can do is stare at the piece of paper sitting on top of its envelope.
Cas is silent for a while. Dean is sure he’s rethinking everything, and almost stays silent, but can’t help but ask, “what are you thinking?”
Dean shakes his head to himself. Cas doesn’t want to kiss him. Especially now that Cas knows that Dean is basically homeless and lives in a van.
Cas watched this whole exchange with an odd look on his face, and seems to decide a subject change is in order, given that the next words out of his mouth are, “how long is Sam staying?”
“I do feel kind of bad about that. But he said it’s a really strong drug, and it has some way-scary side effects that almost killed people in the trials.”
“I think that’s the only fire I ever set for you that happened after you left town. She hurt you, so I hurt her. And now she and her baby can rest in peace together, and you don’t have to worry about her anymore.”
Castiel should have asked, he should have found out who was prescribing the outrageously high dosage of such a controlled medication, he should have followed up on Dean’s health, but he didn’t want to push too far, he didn’t want to overstep his boundaries. But for the sake of Dean’s health, he should have. And now Dean’s in the hospital because Castiel didn’t notice that Dean was spiraling.
makes Dean’s stomach churn. He has everything downstairs ready to go. He had prepared the potatoes for fries the night before, and the beef is already seasoned and formed into patties (with one unseasoned for himself). All he needs to do is mix the salad and throw everything on the heat.
“Dean!” Sam rushes towards him, the worry clear in every line of his body. Dean knows Cas will have done his best to calm Sam down, but he also knows that Sam wouldn’t be able to relax until he saw Dean with his own eyes. He gets it. He’d be the same if the roles were reversed.
When he hit puberty, things started to become too much. He caught a whiff of a girl’s perfume and nearly vomited in the hallway. The fire drill at his school when he was fourteen triggered a seizure and he was in the hospital for three days. He had a zone that lasted eight hours when he was in eighth grade because he couldn’t stop staring at the disco ball tucked away in the ceiling of the gymnasium.
There are other possibilities, of course, but Castiel’s gut is telling him that if Dean is indeed taking Sensinull the way Sam says, it’s not being prescribed responsibly. Castiel’s fingers itch to see if Dean has medical records on file with the hospital, but he stops himself. He could lose his own license for that sort of privacy violation, or at the very least be slapped with a fine and probably lose his job. Not to mention Dean’s friendship.
The next few days of treatment suck because Dean hasn’t been released. He’s still stuck in the hospital, and he’s bored as hell. The Sensinull is coming out of his system a bit slower than Balthazar would like, but not slow enough that he feels dialysis is warranted, which is a relief for Dean. Dialysis sounds like more time in a hospital, which is Dean’s special hell.
“No, you’re right. In a vacuum, the broom will go faster, but with the external forces working on the broomstick in order to actually make it ride-able--”
It’s quiet by the fire for a long while, the sounds of the party are a soundtrack to their quiet companionship. It’s easy with Ellen; always has been.
Dean sits stiffly at the table with Castiel, seated as far away as possible, while Sam leaves to finish dinner. Neither of them speaks for a moment, and then Castiel has to ask, the question burning in his mind.
“You didn’t want anyone to worry, huh? Guess what? Everyone’s worried, boy. Dammit, I knew somethin’ was up at that barbecue.”
“Shh. Let me undress you.” Cas’s hands still Dean’s hips, and then help him remove his shirt and loose-fitting pants. He moves away for a moment, and when he comes back he’s still wearing soft pants, but he’s not wearing a shirt. He maneuvers a pillow under Dean’s head, Dean’s arms fold underneath it, his head turned to the side.
, is what Dean wants to say, but that’s too pathetic even for Dean. He reminds himself that it’s a good thing that Sam left.
“Yes, sir,” Dean responds quietly. John sees his throat move as he swallows. He looks ashamed. Good.
They start to walk over to the garage, boots crunching on the gravelly dirt under their feet. Cas takes a breath and tries to talk to Dean.
He doesn’t tell Cas the other reason he wants to be a paramedic, which is that it will finally give Dean a way to make himself worth something. Once Sam left, Dean lost his purpose, and he’s just trying to get it back.
Dean sighed but snapped a photo of his pants laid out on the bed. A moment later, Jess responded with a plan of action.
Dean rolls his eyes, because what else could he do? Cas hasn’t figured out yet that there really isn’t much else to Dean, besides his pretty face and his shitty past. Dean wants to hold onto this friendship for as long as possible, he’s determined not to screw it up. Cas will get tired of Dean eventually, just like everyone else.
Castiel furrows his brow. What happened to studying? He pushes through the door and observes Dean for a moment before he’s noticed. He’s got a dark shadow on the underside of his jaw that looks like a bruise, which definitely wasn’t there when he said goodbye to Dean earlier that day. And the dark circles under his eyes look even more prominent just above Dean’s sharp cheekbones. Castiel’s noticed that Dean is thin, but under the light of the counter, he looks thinner than Castiel has previously noticed. Surely someone of Dean’s build should have more muscle than Dean currently has, and it worries Castiel. Was he always this skinny?
". It’s like a next-level understanding of how words work that blows me away with the depth of detail the man went into to build this world.”
In the few minutes left before Pamela has to see another patient, she gets down to business, starts talking about her plans for his treatment. It makes Dean tense up a little, but he makes himself listen. Pam wants to confer with Balthazar, but she tells Dean what she’s going to recommend. She wants to meet with Dean for one hour per week at her other office space, and whether Dean wants to treat it as a therapy session or not is up to him, but she wants a weekly check-in. When Dean is clear of the Sensinull, she wants to start him on a mild anti-anxiety medication and a mild antidepressant and wants to give him something fast-acting for his panic attacks. She encourages him to do some research on the types of meds she’s talking about.
“No, that’s the best part!” she reaches into the van and pulls some papers from the passenger seat. “I own it! He had shitty credit, and so he gave me the money, and we put it in my name.”
Along with all of those warm feelings are the things he knows Dean doesn’t like Castiel to know he’s feeling. The hatred that Dean used to feel about his Sentinel abilities. The self-loathing he still feels, about the way he thinks he allowed Alastair and his father to hurt him for so many years, the shameful pride he felt in Alastair’s praise of Dean’s technique with a blade, and the hurt that he put Sam through by being unable to control himself. The deep fear that he’ll never be good enough for Castiel, he’ll never measure up to Sam’s picture of him, he’ll never be worthy of being a husband or father.
Bobby arrives at Dean’s house at the designated time but isn’t surprised to see the party already in full swing. No matter what Dean called it, this is definitely a party. You can’t get this group of idjits together without it becoming a party.
“Yeah. He thought I’d want to set fires and kill people. Said he’d stop hurting me if I told him I’d go with him and he could teach me how to hurt.”
“You don’t hafta apologize, Cas. I like that you’re excited.” He squeezes Cas’ hand in apology for alarming him. It’s hard to hear Cas say all those things about him being a hard worker, though, and he had to make him stop. He’s pretty sure Cas sets his standards low for him, so when he surpasses them he looks impressive.
“What’d you bring, Charles?” Dean’s voice drifts across the yard, obviously hearing the rustling of the bags.
“I mean, yeah, we should let your teachers know that you haven’t been able to do anything for a few days because you have a concussion, but I think I can help you do your assignments.”
While Dean prepares his order, the guy must have spotted his thick textbook laying on the counter near the register.
“You’re not a whore, Dean. You’re a person who’s been forced to do what you had to do to survive. Did Sam ever…”
Dean doesn’t want to hear any more. Sam doesn’t know. Sam can’t understand from the outside, but Dean
At the library the next day, Sam learns the items are common implements for self-harm “kits.” He goes through a phase where he steals the razor from the tin when he can find it, but it never seems to make a difference. Every time he checks, there’s a new one.  Eventually, though the tin disappears from Dean’s hiding spots, and Sam hopes it’s a sign that this thing is over.
? The external stimuli must have overwhelmed his exhausted brain. Castiel can hear the traffic outside, students walking, running, listening to music, playing soccer. He hears the other office noises but is able to catalog every single one as though he hears them separately until they become a cacophony of sound that he can’t even begin to understand. The feeling of the seat underneath Dean, his specially woven clothing only doing so much to mitigate the touch input. There’s some kind of stinging sensation around Cas’s ankles. Or are they Dean’s ankles? He can practically taste the air, and he smells… everything. Even things he never thought of having a smell. The doorknob smells metallic, the fibers of the carpet under his feet trap a myriad musk. He can smell himself, even though he is relieved to find it’s not nearly as offensive as the scent of the body spray another teacher in the corridor has just used.
“What if he’s mad at me? He’s going to be pissed. And when he finds out about me and Cas? I mean, he
“Oh, no you don’t,” Dean lunges to grab her as she bolts past him, but misses. She’s small, but she’s fast as hell. And wily. He turns, and sees that she's peeking at him from around the corner that leads to the kitchen, where he
Sometimes, Dean thinks it would be easier for everyone if he wasn’t here. It’s not that he wants to kill himself, really. He just wants to stop existing for a while. Just the thought of it makes Dean yearn for the peace that must come with non-existence. And everyone could stop worrying about him and just move on. Just speeding up the inevitable, really. They’ll all leave eventually, anyway, and he’d just beat them to it.
“You always had some kind of bruise, or scrape. That one time you burned your arm? Or that time you cut your leg and you told me it was from scratching it on a nail in a fence--”
“Of course I was! I have a ring! You ruined my proposal, Dean Winchester, I don’t even want to marry you now.”
On the third day of Dean being awake, Cas is sitting with him reading a book, and Dean is staring out the window. His concussion makes it hard for him to watch the TV in the corner, and it hurts to look at words on a page, so his activities are pretty limited. Cas reads to him out loud sometimes.
“I don’t know for sure, we need to check on all of those buildings. We need to see if any electrical is running through any of them, if a generator has been turned on, if anything is running. Norwood!” he shouts into the hallway. A man comes rushing in, looking like he’s waiting for orders.
Dean tries to keep the tension out of his body but mostly doesn’t succeed. Benny lays the tape down over the scar.
was a little difficult for Sam to read at first, but the kid’s a genius. He reads almost as well as Dean does these days, even if he has to stop all the time to ask Dean what the words mean.
2. I gave them a shiba inu because OBVIOUSLY Cas likes cats and Dean is allergic, so they had to get a dog that's basically a cat, DUH.
“What did you say to him?” Dean doesn’t think Henrickson means to sound accusatory, but it makes him flinch anyway.
“I may not be an aerospace engineer, but even I know your research was well-received. Bobby told me you had job offers from half a dozen universities.”
When he finally comes across the tin, he’s already decided that cutting is out for now. Not if Benny’s gonna insist on checking up on Dean’s shin splints. Burns, then. Dean can practically feel the kiss of the hot flame on his fingertips, a feeling that will be blissfully aggravated without making the wound worse in the shower when he washes his hair in the hot water.
Dean nods, glances over at Cas. “You don’t have to.” His eyes look glassy like they might spill over with tears soon. He hates to tear himself away.
.” They had all been talking about animals, Charlie had some list of the weird names of groups of animals, and Cas just out of the blue announced, “Bees have different group names based on which bees are involved in the group, and where the group is located.” When everyone stared at him, he sheepishly admitted, “They’re my favorite animal.”
It seems like Cas barely pauses his kissing. He leaves a bruise on the right side of Dean’s hip, and then finally draws Dean’s cock into his mouth. He sucks on the head lightly for a moment, and then bobs his head several times to take him deeper, his right hand more than making up for the two inches or so he can’t reach with his lips.
It’s obvious to Dean that Sam is reeling from the impassioned speech. He has stumbled back a step with the reminder of Dad, and then another when Cas pelted him further with words he couldn’t escape, face draining of color. Cas orients himself towards Dean, glancing only once at Sam, and wraps his arms around him, Dean returning the gesture, folding him into his own arms, rubbing his hand up and down his back.
Castiel spots Benny. Benny hangs up and jogs over, Castiel does his best to get the attention of someone on the scene.
Right before he leaves, he takes care of Dean again. Makes sure there is at least one snack in the house he’ll eat, reminds him that he needs to drink water.
“Nope. I’m opening at Recoult in the morning for brunch. Benny hired someone new to put together a website or something, and she’s going to work part-time. He wants me there to help train her.”
He watches Dean’s expression, sees the panic start creeping in with every joke about how Dean and Cas stare at each other.
He whines and whimpers tilting his hips up as far as possible. He tries to pull his legs out from under Cas so that he can get his knees under himself so that he can spread as wide as possible and get Cas as deep as he can possibly go. Cas shifts his weight, and Dean doesn’t wait for him to pull his fingers out, getting on his knees, shoulders still pressed down to the mattress and shifting his knees as wide as possible.
“You’re too skinny. And pale, and you don’t sleep enough, you’re so tired you trip over your own feet!” Dean’s amusement fades into something a little more fond. Cas worries about him, and even though Dean hates being fussed over, there’s a corner of him that thrills over Cas caring.
On the following weekend, Dean wakes up to a text from Sam, who wants to come over and drop off some books that he had borrowed. He’s feeling more level and is grateful for it. He drags himself out of bed towards the coffee machine and waits for Sam to show up.
Days later, Castiel walks in while Dean is watching InuYasha on his computer. Dean is laying on his back spread out on the couch. He sits up when Cas comes in, making room for him to sit next to him and be able to see the computer screen too.
“Yes, I know, you’re very smart. You have tonight off, right? I could give you a massage, handsome.”
“Why the fuck are you up? Think you’re a big man, huh? You can stay up all night, even if it makes you too tired to watch out for your brother tomorrow? What if you fall asleep and Sammy needs you, did you think of that?”
“He didn’t ‘run away’ you idiots!” Castiel seethes. Why are they being so obtuse about this? “He was about to graduate with a degree it’s taken him seven years to get!” Bobby puts a restraining hand on Castiel’s shoulder.
There’s a long silence where he can’t find the right words, and the other Sentinel leans forward in her seat slightly to prompt him again with a guess that hits the nail right on the head. She speaks softly but isn’t patronizing. “Your dad took out his anger on you. Did he hit you?”
Cas doesn’t even rise to the bait, which Dean loves. He’s stoic as fuck, even when he’s being teased.
Nope, Dean doesn’t want to touch that. He knows that bisexuality is a thing, objectively, and he knows that what he calls himself privately. But he also knows that people generally think bisexuality is fake. He likes women, so he should just… date women.
“Alright, alright, I’m being an asshole. Played pool the other night. The guy didn’t like that I won, and grabbed my arm something fierce. But it’s fine, Cas. no harm done,” Dean spreads his arms wide with a big grin, “still in fighting form.”
“Oh! I brought some things to drink,” he carefully hefts the tote bag off of his shoulder, “I wasn’t sure what you liked, so I got a mixed 6-pack of beer, a couple of bottles of wine, and a bottle of whiskey. I know that’s what Dean prefers, and he said you had similar tastes, so I felt like that was pretty safe.”
, so tight, Dean, good boy, you feel so good, you’re perfect…” he groans softly into Dean’s ear, pulls him tight down onto his lap, as deep as possible, and comes, filling Dean in the most satisfying way. Dean relishing the feeling, knowing he’d be slick and open if Cas wants a second round.
They begin the process of heading out the door and securing the puppy into her crate in the car. Amy says goodbye to her and tells them to call if they ever have any questions, since she knows they’re first time dog owners. “Shiba inus are a strange breed, even for people experienced with dogs.” At their raised eyebrows, she smirks a bit and says, “you’ll see.”
When Cas confesses that he doesn’t really remember how his system works, Charlie rolls her eyes and gets to work. “I might have to leave a little early,” She tells them, as she pokes around to set up the projector.
“Boy, I swear. Talk to him. I don’t think he’s going anywhere.” Bobby sighs again, pushes his hands against his thighs, and stands up. “I gotta get going. Just wanted to see for myself you were alright.”
“Possible head trauma, collapsed while teaching,” she relays the information to Castiel, and he’s off towards the ambulance bay, snagging a smock on his way. He turns when he sees one of the ER doctors, Tessa Graves so that she can tie the back of his gown. The nurse at the door, Alfie, is ready to put gloves on him, and they all look simultaneously to the doors when they hear the siren of the approaching ambulance.
“They’ll love it. People just eat it up when it’s puppies, and the more dogs we can get adopted the better!”
“Smell so good, Cas.” It’s been hours, possibly, if the light outside the window is anything to go by. It felt like only moments.
He knows that Cas doesn’t like that he sleeps on the couch sometimes, and sometimes Cas convinces him to share his bed. He reasons with Dean that the couch isn’t really long enough for Dean’s whole body to fit on it anyway, and the bed is big enough. Strictly platonic, of course, Dean tells himself. Cas isn’t interested in him that way, and besides, he’s not interested in Cas that way either.
“Say it, Novak,” he challenges, lowering his head somewhat so that he can look Castiel right in the eyes.
Sam gives him a cheeky smile, the little shit. “Morning sleepyhead.” He rolls his eyes. Sam’s probably been up for hours.
Dean can feel Pam rolling her eyes at them. Cas is looking at him with something like amusement, and it soothes something in him. He settles back in to listen, Cas's arm now draped along the back of his chair. It’s a warm line for him to rest against, a relaxing point of contact.
Cas takes his hand and gives it a quick squeeze while smiling at Dean. “That was a fantastic idea, I’m glad you thought of it.”
. Bobby can’t let that happen. Damn kid thinks his entire purpose in life is to watch out for his brother, what did John
“Cas has been ‘taking care of me’—” he hopes the sarcasm is made plain in his voice, “—just fine, Sam! He’s doing everything he needs to, and more than he really needs to!”
“So… Bobby doesn’t work this weekend. Ellen doesn’t need me at the bar. Benny is going out of town and is shutting down until Tuesday.”
Sat in alphabetical order by last name for the purposes of evaluation, Dean and Cas were not seated anywhere near each other. So, when they both bust out laughing, their professor was not amused, and assumed they were texting under their desks.
It can be difficult for those outside the field to understand. Medication is often a double-edged sword, but Castiel attempts to explain in layman’s terms, “It’s what you might call a ‘heavy’ medication. It’s meant to dull everything, and I mean everything.” He considers for a moment, “It’s essentially a tranquilizer that specializes in the nervous systems. Sensinull effectively reduces everything you sense to approximately fifty percent if the research is accurate,” Castiel considers and lands on an acceptable analogy. “Have you ever worn foam earplugs?”
“No, no fire there. But I stashed a lot of fire extinguishers and got a couple extra smoke detectors. I stashed some in your place too.”
“Rent’s expensive, can’t find a place, don’t want to settle. Take your pick, Sam.” He couldn’t tell Sam about the fires. Not yet. They hadn’t followed him for an entire year, at this point, and Dean hoped they were done. He catches Bobby’s eye, and Bobby gives him a nod. Dean takes that to mean that he won’t tell Sam about the fires, yet.
“I didn’t think you did.” Cas is too ethical, too good. He wouldn’t look into someone’s private information.
That one goes a little too far, though. A doctor told him to do it, it’s not like he’s using it as some kind of fucked-up outlet for his shitty feelings. Right? “It’s not self-harm, Cas, Jesus. I’m not some fifteen-year-old—”
He listens to Castiel take a deep breath, hold it in, and let it out, along with any tension that had been in his body, and after a moment Dean relaxes, too. They’re fine. Cas is good, Dean’s good. Dean’s actually eating popcorn, and it’s not making his stomach cramp up like the stupid oatmeal he had last night did. He settles back in, but he can’t not notice the feeling of Cas so near. He unconsciously leans a little bit closer to the comforting feeling Cas provides, but he won’t touch, instead focusing back on the movie.
Apparently, she thought he worked too hard, and she won’t let him come back unless his other work hours total under 30 hours a week. Dean rolls his eyes at her, but she insists that he needs to rest and recover.
The pain from John’s statement is almost a physical blow because of course, it’s true. Dean staggers back somewhat. Sam wouldn’t want anything to do with Dean if he knew. Isn’t that why Dean let him go?
“Dean, what are you talking about? Don’t you dare get in your car.” Did he say that last part out loud? He’s having a hard time keeping track. “John left?”
“Castiel? Daphne?” His mother’s voice calls from inside the house, “it’s time for dinner. Come inside now.”
“--we, of course, want to challenge our students. There’s a chance that if Dean isn’t challenged academically, he could start to act out, simply because he’s bored--”
Dean loves when Cas fucks him. Sometimes it’s soft and sweet, face to face with lots of kissing, sometimes it’s rough, and Dean after finds bruises on his hip bones and scratches on his back.
, but eventually, she leaves after Dean won’t even look at her. She doesn’t understand, Dean will ruin Cas if they Bond, and they certainly can’t be just friends. Dean wants to be way closer to him than friends, and with the way Dean can’t control his own zones, that’s certainly not going to happen.
“I know.” Castiel stands in front of Dean, face to face. He studies the other man’s expression, and Cas’s heart aches at what he finds. And this isn’t the time, not right after Dean’s come out of a zone. Dean is feeling vulnerable, and Cas doesn’t wish to take advantage of that.
He looks into dog breeds. He dismisses the “designer dogs” as being somewhat silly, even if the pomeranian-husky mixes he saw might have been the cutest things on this planet. A very vocal part of the internet seems to think it’s a lot of money for a mutt, which Castiel privately agrees with. Why not adopt a dog?
“Dean,” Cas ventures, “I can teach you some body-weight exercises if you’d like. So, if you don’t want to join a gym or use the one on campus, you don’t have to.”
Those thoughts are dangerous, though. He can’t do that. He’d be the storm inside the shelter. He’s the bomb brought into the bulletproof bunker. He destroys. And he can’t destroy Cas.
it, but I certainly am not looking to kill you. Should we try again? We need to take a break after this round, but we can come back another time.”
“How could I? We were poor as shit, Cas. And my dad had to waste a bunch of money on medical bills for me after my senses dialed up to eleven in high school.”
Dean loves this. With the cabinets at his back, he can’t back away from the thrusts, even reflexively. All he can do it take it, and breathe when Cas pulls out. He loves giving away his control to a partner, rather than having it simply taken away. A small difference to Dean, but an important one.
