“Well, someone did say something about grabbing a drink bby , and now that my afternoon has just been freed up, I’d love to hijack your processing session to tell you all about it!”
“You won’t let me drink too much?”
“Mama! Whacha doin’ in dere?” Cora asked, rubbing the sleep out of her eyes and poking the screen.
“Ony?”
In that moment, the alpha realized that if this was going to work he was going to have to be harsh to get his point across.
“And the answer, young Capsicle, would be yes. However, the technology in this device is about 10 years behind the tech in my Stark Pod, so I figured this would be easier for your senior citizen brain to handle.”
“Anyone with eyes can see that you two like each other. I mean you’ve spent the last three weeks just keeping him alive in the workshop.”
“Really, Tony, if…if you’re not interested, it’s ok. Really, I mean, I get it.” Steve stuttered, putting the plate on the floor in front of Coraline.
“Oh Tony, you really never were any good at holding on to things that made you happy,” Ty said, moving to stand at Tony’s side and putting a hand on his shoulder. “I’ll leave you with your thoughts for now, but do make sure to keep in touch and keep an eye out for the good news once Viastone becomes the face of weaponized AI.”
“The really rich one that’s always in here and gives you four-digit tips?” Clint gaped.
“Is…was it something I did? Was it all this nonsense with Loki?”
Tony grabbed two handfuls of Steve’s ass, pulling his cheeks apart as he quickly drove his cock into the omega, once, twice, before he let out a strangled groan. He came for what seemed like five solid minutes, driving himself in deeper and deeper as his knot started to swell. Right before he’d grown to full size, Tony pulled Steve down, biting the bonding gland just below his ear. Steve shouted his release as he felt Tony’s tongue lave over his bite mark.
Bucky just smiled down at the smaller man, knowing all too well just how eager Steve always seemed to be to stand up to literally anyone.
He stayed silent the entire ride back to the school, easily able to mask his silence as disappointment in the outcome of the match. Once off the bus, Tony had hoped for a chance to slip away, to get Peter home then go back to his workshop without any trouble, but he had no such luck. Steve caught him by the wrist and pulled him away from where the students were waiting for their parents.
“Ok, well what’d you tell her?” Bucky prompted.
the problem?!”
Steve threw his arm around Tony and got the glasses off the table. “To us?”
All of these possessive thoughts were beginning to make Tony dizzy with desire. But the need to claim Steve inside and out was only slightly subdued once Tony noticed the worried look on his face. “Is everything okay?” Steve asked, concerned. “You’ve barely touched your food and you’ve been pretty quiet.”
“You’re a mess, Tony.”
, why don’t we go get coffee in the teacher’s lounge and you can tell me all about this new tall, blond and handsome.”
Steve stood in the middle of Natasha and Bucky’s living room, bobbing his head along to the beat of the song playing. He looked up to see Natasha moving along to the same beat. She gave him one small nod that he returned before they both hit a pose.
“Honestly, I'm surprised you’re putting that thing away just for us. We’re that special!”
“But...why didn’t you just buy yourself a scarf so you can stop borrowing his?” Clint asked, scratching his head.
“What?”
“So, are you just going to stand there or are you actually got to let me into your house?” The blond asked, lightheartedly.
alpha, one last time before sleep overcame him.
“For what?”
“Alright, enough with the sap. Get out of here and go find Tony. I expect to hear a full report on how things go, when you come for your next visit.”
Steve wanted nothing more than to continue kissing Tony, but once the brunet had mentioned Cora, he looked to check the time.
“Yeah, when we were younger, I thought you were the best guy around. I think I had a crush on you for two years, easily, but I kind of squashed those feelings, knowing you weren’t interested in guys. Little did I know I just wasn’t the right one,” Bucky said around a laugh.
Tony sat at his desk, enjoying his coffee and a donut as he looked over a few extra credit assignments. There was a point in time when he would have easily done this in the teacher’s lounge, but with the way things were between him and Steve, it was just easier avoiding that room altogether. Tony wanted to talk to Steve again, try to get things back on track, but he didn’t want to seem as if he didn’t respect Steve’s wishes. For now, avoiding the man at all costs looked to be the best option.
Tony sat there with him, until his breathing became slower and more even. He pulled out his phone to check on the messages he had been ignoring throughout the day. Most all of them were just from their group of friends wishing both Steve and Mason a speedy recovery. But there was a lengthy text from Natasha, telling Tony that she and Bucky were on their way to relieve him of his duties.
Tony tried to keep a straight face, but he just barked out a laugh and leaned into Steve. “I’ll hold you to that, I hope you know,” he said as they approached the ticket counter. Once Tony purchased their tickets, they made their way inside.
and this short blond guy just came over and started talking to me. He made a wicked Moscow Mule and I just ended up staying there the rest of the night talking to him. I think I maybe only had two drinks, total. But it was just nice getting to sit there and not have to be anything for anyone else. I’ve been going back ever since, and oddly enough I just came from hanging out with him. I ran into him at the museum and we just decided to make a day of it.”
“Good afternoon, how can I help you?” Hogan asked.
“Babe I need your help,” Steve breathed out all at once.
“Pep, honestly…”
Steve tried to act unbothered by the amount of people passing around his notebook, silently praying that no one flipped through the pages, lest they find the very not safe for work sketches of his favorite physics teacher.
“Thanks again so much, Nat”, Steve offered, giving her a side hug. He just looked at Bucky and gave a slight nod. “Thanks to you too, Buck.”
“Have you never been ice skating before?” Steve asked, moving closer to stand right in front of Tony.
Avengers Tower. But it was clear that he only had his mind on one thing: Steve.
“Of course not. Just because your dad owns a successful company and your family has a lot of money doesn’t mean I know anything about who you are as a person. For a while I actually thought you were such a jerk to me because you were the stereotypical entitled rich kid. But then I got to meet the real you that night at your Halloween party, then I knew I had been wrong about you all along.”
it! I’m going to put this in a nice frame so it won’t get ruined.” Steve let out a small laugh at Cora’s face. Her whole face lit up, knowing that Steve liked her drawing that much.
When Steve had initially suggested spending time at the Brooklyn Bridge Park, Tony didn’t know what to expect. He sure as shit didn’t expect his sobriety to become a topic of conversation, at least not so soon, but he appreciated that Steve took it so well. Learning the blond’s backstory was heart wrenching to say the least, and yet there was some comfort in knowing that he had someone who understood what it was like to lose a parent. Tony was happy with how the day had been going, and then the carousel happened.
Tony was hard at work, trying to repair one of his old laptops at the table. His movements immediately faltered at Steve's question. The alpha gave a sigh before looking up and motioning for the blond to take a seat.
“From you, I wouldn’t expect any less.”
“Yeah, guys he’s fine with the fact that I have a daughter. The first day they met, he didn’t even bat an eyelash. He just jumped right in. I mean… I’ve given him plenty of opportunities to walk away from this, but he’s always adamant that he wants to stay. Sure, there’s still a chance that he might change his mind, but it really doesn’t seem like it.”
“Well...you’re not wrong. Anyway, sit, eat, drink, and then shut up so I can talk about my life.”
“Ugh, that is literally the opposite of what I did! He missed lunch today—”
to be asked.”
“Peggy left you with everything here, is it honestly that far fetched to think that I would want to help make taking in your daughter full time a little easier for you? Honestly, Steve, think about that for a second. What person would sit here, watching their significant other go through something like that and say ‘oh sorry babe, looks like your shit out of luck on this one, hope you figure it out’?”
“I mean...I didn’t say it to
“I just...I’m scared y’know? I’ve never done anything like this before, dated a guy I mean...or anyone, really…”
“I’m a man who is great at strategy. I try my best to look at every option, to plan for any outcome, and yet somehow I didn’t plan for this...for you.” Steve said, finally looking at Tony. “I thought that maybe with enough time, I’d be able to perfectly plan out whatever it is we have, but then life happened and unexpected wrenches were thrown into the mix and— things that I can’t figure out are terrifying to me, and what we have has been the biggest puzzle I’ve ever encountered in my entire life.”
“Alright well, call me if you need anything, ok?” Natasha offered, giving the blond a hug.
“We literally just made out for like… an hour. I don’t think we can just start over,” Tony said around a laugh.
Steve seemed to mull this over. “But why do you have such a big sweater?”
He reached over to turn the water on in the bathtub, quickly deciding he needed the relaxing feeling of a bath instead of a shower. He added the most soothing scents he could find to the water, then ran his hand through to make sure it was the right temperature. When everything was just right, Steve stepped in, letting out a sigh once he was completely settled.
The look of slight disappointment on Steve’s face was ruining Tony’s buzz. He intended on having himself a little pity party and he wasn’t going to let Steve stop him.
Tony was ready to let Steve have a piece of his mind when a look of recognition came over the blond’s face. He turned to the stage to look at the man singing, before turning back towards Tony. “Is this—” Steve began, not able to finish asking his question.
“I appreciate what you’re doing, but at this rate it might take another year before we’re both finally naked,” Tony gingerly moved Steve off of him in order to stand to undress himself.
“Listen, you don’t want this Steve. I get that you’re all alone, and I’m the first real friend you’ve made since your Cap nap but this…I am not what you want. I mean are you even… Do you… Are you even interested in men?”
Tony let Carol’s words sink in for a moment. He had no clue what he was doing or what he truly wanted, but it was extremely comforting to know that he wasn’t alone in how he felt.
“I know, it’s just...I dunno. It’s something new and I just don’t want to screw up. Plus, what do I do if we have some drunk unruly customer. You know I’ve never been one to back away from a fight with someone who’s being an ass.”
Tony rushed forward and grabbed Steve’s face in his hands, thumbs wiping away his tears. “Shh, baby, no. I understand. You don’t have to trust me right now. I fucked up and I was wrong, but please… please don’t let me go. I love you so fucking much. Please don’t… please don’t break up with me. I don’t think I could… I don’t think I’d survive that.”
“I—” Steve started, and then subsided, because Tony was already up, fussing around.  In a second later he was sitting back on the bed by Steve’s side with a plastic cup in his hand, holding a plastic spoon full of ice chips to Steve’s lips.  Steve accepted them quietly, gratefully, really, but the best part was that Tony rubbed his chin, along his jaw, with his thumb again, stroking lightly along Steve’s jaw as Steve swallowed them.  He felt himself go hot and pink again, and let his eyes slide closed as he took another spoonful of ice chips to suck on. Tony petted his jaw again, and Steve sighed with pleasure.  This was worth any amount of pain, to have Tony want to take care of him like this. He knew that was stupid, and at any rate, he’d never let himself get hurt just to get attention from Tony, that was—that was pathetic, but.  But God, it felt so good.  “Thanks,” he managed after they melted and he swallowed the water.  His eyes felt so heavy when he blinked then open again.
“Yeah… it really seemed like Steve wanted to go a lot farther than just kissing, but I figured it’d be better if we waited.”
“Thirteen. Diane Kelly.” A silence fell over the group.
“Now, ask nicely.”
“Tony?” Steve asked, clearly still confused.
“Sorry,” Steve offered, sheepishly, “I’ve been waiting quite a while to do that.”
Tony scoffed and turned towards the coffee maker. He didn’t understand why everyone was wasting time on such unimportant details. The longer it took to sort this shit out, the longer it would take for Tony to be reunited with Mr. Hot New Guy. He wanted to explain just as much, when he heard Fury make some comment about lazy teachers in the lounge. “Listen Sauron, we’ll work harder when you start providing us with real coffee instead of whatever this weak bullshit is,” Tony retorted, promptly checking out of the conversation that followed, since it seemingly had nothing to do with him.
“Well, next time, we can hang out at my house and I’ll show you around the place, how ‘bout that?”
“It’s not a sports team, Steve. I coach the robotics team.”
“Steve, ease up man, you’re hurting him!” Sam yelled.
“So you’ve never gotten a blow-job before?” Tony seemed almost offended by the information.
“Back before Christmas, I went into heat.”
“I love you more.”
“And yet you invited Steve?”
Mason raised her blue eyes to look at Steve and gave a small smile at his request.
Tony just raised an eyebrow and smiled up at the blond.
“Hey babe,” Steve answered, cheerily. Tony just rubbed his eyes and yawned.
Tony rubbed at one of his eyes, clearly still not fully awake. “Mornin’, where's coffee?” Tony slurred.
“Oh Jesus, what is it?”
. It just so happens to have a room decorated for a little girl and an art studio and be in an area with those good daycares we were talking about in the beginning of the summer.”
“You don’t have to tell me twice,” Tony ground out before drawing his hips back and snapping them forward.
Bruce groaned and rolled his eyes as Tony rolled up his sleeves, ready to get to work. If this was going to be his last effort to win Steve back, Tony was for damn sure going to make it a good one.
Pepper said as she stood from her seat. Steve felt the need to stand beside her and once he did she rested a hand to his cheek.
“I never really knew what Stark tower looked like from out here, but now that I’m seeing it, I’m kind of glad Pepper nixed the whole huge ‘Stark’ sign idea.”
He jumped up and wrapped his arms around the man , soliciting a somewhat started grunt out of him.
“One hundred percent.”
Steve turned to face forward, stunned that Peter had practically Jedi mind tricked him into figuring out his own issues. As they pulled up to the school, Steve spotted the cherry red sports car that Tony and Rhodey had arrived in. He took a moment, head reeling at how amazing Tony looked getting out of his car. It really wasn't fair for a man to look
“We… what?”
. Somehow, that was the best he could come up with so that was what he was sticking with.
He appreciated his friend’s concern, but it wasn’t necessary. Steve was capable of taking care of himself. He didn’t need Bucky to try to protect him, especially not from Tony. He decided to let it go, though. Bucky would see for himself how great Tony was once he meet the man. Steve was sure of it.
Tony shot up immediately, groaning once he noticed the erection he was sporting. It had been weeks since he’d seen Steve through his heat, and though he’d promised that things would go back to normal, they had been anything but. The pair still tried to make their regular lunch dates, but with their growing workload, it had gotten harder and harder to actually make time for one another.
“This obviously isn’t my place Miss Potts, but as Tony has become a good friend of mine, I feel like I should share my opinion with you.”
That pulled a laugh out of Steve, as the teen at the ticket counter handed Tony his dollar in change and the two ride tickets. They walked into the pavilion, and looked at the different horses they had to choose from. “Well, all of these horses look equally terrifying so I guess we can just pick whichever one,” Tony spoke, still inspecting each animal looking for the perfect one.
“So… you’ll move in with me?”
Tony just took a sip of his latte and smiled looking at his friends. “Yep, Steve’s got a daughter to be specific. A Coraline, even more specifically.”
“Not since high school. Well, I mean… not since Coraline.”
“Don’t worry, I’ll return him in one piece, cross my heart,” Tony replied, marking an ‘x’ over his chest.
Steve fell backwards onto the couch and threw his arm over his eyes, somehow managing to fall back asleep. He was awoken, suddenly, by knocking at the door. Seeing that it was unlocked and knowing it was Natasha he just yelled for her to come in.
“I love you, too. Now, first order of business: We’re going to have ‘We just had our first big fight but we’re through it now’ sex.”
“You’re welcome.”
“Nothing I just...nothing,” she answered, giving a warm smile, “I’m glad you met this Steve guy. If he’s really that great, you should bring him to dinner some time with Rhodey and I.”
“Well, he thought it’d be a great idea to have a list of questions ready to ask your boyfriend,” she said, not even trying to hide the disapproving glare she was giving Bucky.
Once the volume was lowered, Steve looked towards the ceiling in astonishment. “Is Jarvis...do you have an invisible butler?”
“You’re doing absolutely fine, honey. There’s no right or wrong way to do this. Even if there were, you’re still doing it the right way. I love you.”
Things were relatively quiet until Steve paired “What gives me uncontrollable gas” and “Auschwitz”, which caused Bucky to have a meltdown of laughter, and ended the game because Steve had to go sooth Coraline in the next room.
“I’m literally just as surprised and confused as you are,” Steve said, turning one costume over in his hands. “But yes, she has asked to be dressed like a nugget.”
As they sat there, Steve found he couldn’t take his eyes off of the man in front of him. He noticed that while Tony thought over what to order, he began lightly chewing on his bottom lip. Steve knew he shouldn’t stare, but he just couldn’t look away from the alpha’s lips. Thankfully, Steve shook out of it just in time for the waiter to take their orders.
Once New Years came and went, the rest of their break just seemed like one big blissful blur. Since their night in Vermont, every day seemed to just get better. Though he knew it was inevitable, Tony wasn’t ready for that to end with the onset of the business of new classes. It took a few days for them to get back in the swing of things, but a few weeks into the new semester, they’d found a comfortable routine.
“Well...I heard you quit and Natasha said it was my fault and I wanted to apologize for asking you on a date for dinner.”
And with that Steve exploded, coming, untouched. It took some time for him to begin breathing normally again, but when he did all he could utter was an exhausted fuck. It looked like this was shaping up to possibly be the worst heat of Steve’s life.
“I’m so sorry,” Steve heard Tony whisper, “I’m so sorry that I wasn’t there to keep you both safe.”
“That was definitely something,” Tony grunted, pulling out and stumbling back into a chair at the kitchen table.
They’d gotten better at the whole undressing thing since the New Years debacle, but there was still a bit of clumsy fumbling when Tony grabbed Steve’s sweater and undershirt at the same time and Steve ended up getting stuck.
“Hi, Tony,” Pepper cooed, hesitantly walking through the door.
“… But after a while, he figured it out. So I’ve always known that this is who I am. However it took me until two hours ago to realize that I am attracted to you and that’s ok.”
“Really, Pepper?! You told Rhodey?!”
When he got an email from her saying that she wanted to talk to him as soon as he woke up, Steve knew he was in for a very unpleasant conversation.
“We’ve been through this, Howard. The deal was that I would come out here for Spring Break but I never agreed to actually talking to you,” Tony said, not even looking up as he tinkered with a switch board. In an instant, Howard crossed the room and snatched the items out of Tony’s hands.
Tony stopped what he was doing, lifted his glasses and turned to look at Steve.
"Honestly, I don't know how I got so lucky to have you willingly put up with my shit."
“Oh my god,” Steve breathed, resting his forehead against Tony’s shoulder. “Sex now? Please?”
Pepper gave him an apologetic look as she rested her hand on top of his. “Tony, the only way for you to screw things up is to keep lying. Honestly, just… trust that Steve loves you enough to work through this.”
“I was wondering when you guys would finally make a move.”
"Why are you laughing?" Steve asked, sounding slightly wounded.
“All this for lil ol’ me? Steven, you shouldn’t have,” Tony said, batting his lashes, as he piled some chicken and pasta onto his plate.
“Hey, Pep.”
“He got held back in
kids...that was something special. He tried as best he could to file away the image of this first meeting before it all came to an end, but once it did, Tony found himself in the room again with just Steve and Peter.
“Yeah… I need him, Peggy. I need him.”
Steve looked up at him for a moment, then down at his belly, as he placed his hand there, softly.
At that he took his phone out, and smiled to see that he had a text from Tony. It was a list of a few exhibits and pop-up restaurants that were coming to town that he wanted to check out together. Steve couldn’t help the smile that spread across his face as he read all that Tony had planned for them over the next few weeks. He quickly responded to let the brunet know that he couldn’t talk now but he was excited for their plans, then put his phone away. When he looked up, he saw a soft smile on his mother’s face.
“I’m...I’m pregnant.”
That’s why Tony was actually stunned when his office door opened, without so much as a warning knock, to reveal a very stern faced Bucky.
“You think so?” Tony asked, trying not to sound as self-conscious as he felt.
Since finding out he was pregnant, the omega felt like he was in some sort of a daze. Natasha helped him out to her car, and just held him as he cried for what felt like hours. After that, he asked her to take him home, and attempted to refuse her offer to stay with him a for as long as he needed.
Thanks to the work that Natasha’s friends had done, Tony and Pepper now knew who the mole was: a man named Kyle Ritter. Kyle was an SI employee with a very sick niece who had been passed up for testing an experimental treatment that they thought might cure her. When Ty approached him, knowing that his family was desperate, and offered to pay him enough to cover treatment for his niece, Kyle couldn’t say no.
“Bruce....BRUCE!” Tony called out upon seeing the doctor.
There were a host of questions that Steve had upon finally giving this massive fact the attention it deserved. For one, why on earth was Tony even working as a teacher at a school in Queens?! Secondly, why was he wasting a second of his time on someone like Steve? The blond didn’t have the time to dive into either of those thoughts before he heard a voice coming out of a key pad at the side of the door.
Barton turned to face Steve and Fury, continuing to walk, backwards. “Nice to meet ya, the name’s Clint! And let me tell you, you’re one lucky SOB to get to be working with me —”
“He...Steve held my hand. We were
“Ah, so you’re Tony?” Peggy said with an unsubtle glance at Steve. “Well, I’m sorry that we’re meeting under these circumstances, but it was nice to meet you,” Peggy offered while digging her keys out of her purse.
The room was enveloped in pastel yellows and purples, with a theme of owls and trees throughout. Steve and Tony walked around the room, making sure to show Mason all of the new things that those who loved them had put together for her. She looked at everything with wide eyes and excitement, but began to yawn and rub her eyes as the tour came to a close.
Cora’s eyes instantly lit up at the proposition, and she began to nod furiously. As they sat in Steve’s bed, his arms wrapped tightly around his daughter, Steve couldn’t help but think back on Bucky’s words. No matter how badly he wished things could be different, and no matter how badly the thought hurt, Steve knew that he and Cora would have to find a way to get by without Tony.
Tiberius Stone had been one of Tony’s childhood friends who became his boyfriend when they were in their late teens. They’d always been enamoured with each other, partially because their fathers were business rivals, so that added a forbidden air to things. On top of that there was always something about Ty that Tony couldn’t resist. Like a moth to a flame, Tony was drawn.
“I know you Tony, you’re not going to turn around. We’ve been driving for hours.” Tony couldn’t help but laugh at the fact that Steve sounded like a petulant toddler.
Tony stopped dead in his tracks. He turned to face his friend to clear up any confusion.
Steve’s cheeks grew slightly pink as Tony sighed. Though he was drunk, he knew that this conversation wasn’t going to be easy.
“Shh, don’t let my secret get out.”
“Alright so what’s up?” Bucky asked taking a seat.
“Alright, I’ll go. But i reserve the right to change my mind about trusting you once we get to where we’re going.”
"Alright, well I'm going to go register for more baby stuff with Pepper, Natasha and Carol," Steve said, maneuvering to get up out of his seat.
“If you knew Steve, you’d know that’s not the kind of guy he is. He barely lets me buy him lunch let alone try to steal my money.”
That small unintentional display that let the alpha know he’d gotten under Howard’s skin was enough to tide him over, at least until they got home. Walking around, Tony took in his surroundings and frowned.
“Please, just sit there, eat and look pretty because there is a lot to cover here. Anyway, I’m pretty excited about this, because I’ve really missed being able to work on web stuff. Plus, Coulson said I can still do the charity work for nonprofits as long as I do it through Vision, so really there shouldn’t be a downside here.”
The doctor appeared out of nowhere with a sheepish smile on his face.
“I came here because we need to talk some things through,” Tony said, placing the key on the kitchen counter.
“Oh ha ha, Buck. My stomach may look like a huge pumpkin, but I could still kick your ass in the gym, so don’t you forget it!”
“We had fun. Cora has something she wants to tell you,” Natasha said, as she pushed the toddler in Steve’s direction. Once she finally reached him, Cora began to tug on Steve’s pant leg.
Tony had managed to make it into the school without incident, but the second he closed his classroom door, he heard someone clear their throat. Tony turned to see Natasha leaning against a counter at the back of the classroom.
, of course you’re the best,” he said.  “I—you’re the best I could—ever—I still can’t—I can’t believe you’d even—I mean—I mean you don’t have to give me—give me silly compliments to be the best, I—oh, God.”
“That’s my good, clean fella,” Steve said, still fondling the metal encased underside of Tony’s shaft gently, through the silk.
“Just about,” Steve agreed, and ducked his head forward, let his lips linger over Tony’s forehead in the lightest brush of a kiss.
He just wanted Tony to come, to come inside him . . . to use his body to find his own pleasure, he wanted Tony to come.  Tony pressed his face to his shoulder, and his mouth was wet, his thrusts getting faster and more and more uneven, deep into Steve’s body, sending more and more pleasure fracturing through him every time he slid past Steve’s tender, oversensitive sweet spot and everything shattered into pleasure for him again, pleasure that was quickly gaining a hint of pain.  Tony was panting, and he reached around, his callused hand curling around Steve’s cock, sliding along the messy tip of it, and he tugged at him once, twice, three times, still panting into his back, his mouth wet and hot and soft against Steve’s shoulder blade.
Tony gave a glad, sobbing, breathless little cry and pushed up into his arms, kissing him back, bound hands going up so that his fingers could twine into Steve’s hair as he arched up into the kiss, legs one leg splayed wide over Steve’s, as he panted against him.  His mouth was sweet, soft, giving, open for Steve’s tongue, and Steve kissed him deeply, soft and slow and loving, his hand going to the back of Tony’s neck to support him, until he heard the way that Tony was gasping and moaning, felt how much he needed a breath in the heaving of his chest against him, and pulled away.
Tony smiled up at him.  “Nicest thing anyone’s done for me in ages, sport,” he said, and he meant it.  “Except for you taking me out to dinner, of course.”
“Good boy,” he said, and his voice was still very hoarse.  “I wonder how soon I could get you to come again, huh?  Any bets?”
Tony’s face did something odd, his mouth going soft and trembling until he bit his bottom lip, and he patted Steve’s hand, reached up and stroked his thumb along his jaw, making Steve go warm and shivery all over again, before he dropped it and sat back up.  “Thanks,” Tony said roughly, then cleared his throat and blinked quickly. “Um, I had some ice chips for you,” he said.  “I bet you’d like that.  Hold on just a second, tiger.”
against his rim, and oh, God, it was his beer bottle, the base, the bigger side, and oh, God, he was going to fuck him with a
He’d always been like this, he knew.  When he’d seen
, he had been close just then, just from Tony squeezing his sore, marked backside, the way Tony’s warm, firm, strong hands felt over the tingling marks, the sensitive, swollen skin, the heat the oil had left radiant in his muscles and under his skin, shimmering along the top of it.  “That’s it,” Tony purred into his ear, “
“Anything I want?” Steve tried.
“Yes, yes, yessir,” he managed to slur out, finally.
God, it had been a good night.  And it was going to be a good rest of the night, too—Tony didn’t need to be a genius to figure that one out, with Steve’s big hands in his hair, rubbing at the back of his neck, and his tongue in his mouth, and his body warm all the way down against Tony’s.  A good night for both of them.  What more could he ask for?
Tony’s voice was wavering, low and rough, when it came again.  “God, you’re so good,” he said.  “Yeah, just like that.
—God.  Tony was so lucky.  So, so lucky; how the hell had he gotten so lucky?  How the hell could he, Tony Stark, ever possibly managed to deserve this?  Tony’s head was spinning, hot; he felt hot all over.
“Yeah,” he managed to gasp out.  “Oh, yeah.”
Steve moaned again, nodded, his throat working and his mouth going even wetter around Tony’s cock, moved his hand to pull clumsily at his pants, plucking at his waistband with awkward tugs for a few minutes before he, Captain America, the most graceful person on the planet, just about, seemed to remember how to link his fingers in the band and tug his pants down.  Since Steve, gorgeous thing that he was, was very visibly not wearing any underwear, that sent his big beautiful cock, hot and hard and red, thudding up against his groin and belly, sending precome all over his belly where his t-shirt had ridden up, the trail of blond hair up to his navel, up over the cotton of his shirt.  There was spit slicking down his chin, over the edge of his lips.
“Shh,” Tony said, and Steve could hear the flustered little chuckle in his voice, felt Tony go warm against him, wondered if he was flushing a little to match it.  He circled his hand over Tony’s belly, rubbing gently. He found himself wondering again when it was Tony had become so shy about receiving affection in return, so clumsy at it.  It was sweet, but he could wish Tony was a little more practiced, could accept things like that a little more easily.  It struck him as a little sad that one of the few things that flustered poised, sophisticated Tony Stark was affection honestly returned when he himself gave out caring and care so freely, even if he didn’t ever make a big show of it.  He kissed the shirt over Tony’s heart again, circling his navel with one finger until Tony was chuckling, shivering under him, then leaned up, ignoring the twinge of his sore ribs, to press a kiss just under Tony’s chin, against his neck above his Adam’s apple, feeling the soft rub of his beard.
Steve bit his lip.  His hole still felt wet, smeared against his fingers.  Come would drip out of him even if he clenched, he was sure.  He took a breath, face burning, and clenched his hole shut, stood up.  Sure enough, he felt a few droplets leak out, slip down his thighs.  Brock watched, and he could feel his eyes on him as he bent over, pulling off the soiled blankets, the sheets.  He wiped the come off his leg with one hand as he started for the laundry, and he could hear Brock laughing at him.
on it, reduced to nothing but sensation and feeling, caught between pleasure and pain, so overcome there were tears in his eyes, yet he’d press himself back for more, rocking into the swats to his rump and legs and whimpering, it was—it was a heady feeling, went straight to Steve’s dick, but deeper than that, too, like it settled under his skin, went down to his bones, that
Steve felt himself go warm and probably red, couldn’t help his smile in return.  “I’m really grateful,” he said.  “Sir.”
There was initial resistance (there always was, pretty much), and Steve had to push a bit at first, making Tony gasp, his eyes water slightly, at the pressure, the pure
Steve gave a low whine through his nose, and one hand slid down almost instantly, gripped at his cock through his soft pants, then he moaned again, mouth going even sloppier and wetter over Tony’s, loose as he moaned over his cock, rubbed his mouth against it messily, sloppy-wet in a way that had Tony’s heart thumping with want.  A moment later Steve slid his hand down his pants just as Tony had instructed, and his mouth went even wetter and looser, wide open and wet and drooling as he just panted around Tony’s cock.
“Okay,” he said then, took Tony’s face in his hands again, kissed his hot, sweaty forehead.  “Sure thing, mister.”  He got an arm around Tony’s waist, careful of his hot shoulders and sore, welted backside, and used it to lift him up, just the slightest bit, with Tony’s help, bracing his arms on Steve’s shoulder and holding himself up, so he could ease his other hand down, undo his belt and push it to the side, undo his flies and tug his briefs down over his hips until his cock sprang free. God, it was wet, wet and leaking and he gave it a brief tug and moaned himself, threw his head back a moment, because God, God, that hot wet slide of friction after so long—
“I try to always shoot for improvement myself,” Tony said lightly, with a laugh that came out of him as a little giggle, almost hysterical, with how lightheaded and bubbly he felt.  He had to catch his breath, take a deep breath of air to fill his lungs and breath it back out.  “It’s an enviable attitude.  Not that I’d expect anything less from a national icon.”  He waggled his eyebrows at Steve, ran one hand down his arm, and leaned up to press a kiss to his neck.  Steve looked very red, and he ducked his head so Tony could feel the heat radiating off his red face along his own.  Tony kissed at his ear, curled his arms more firmly, tightly, around Steve’s shoulders for a moment before he sat back, pushed pillows up behind himself in the bed, and lay back.  “So, my darling,” he asked, running a finger down over Steve’s cheek, his chin, his throat.  Steve groaned, his eyes going half-lidded, licked his bottom lip, looking dizzy.  “Would you like to pleasure me?”
, Tony had said.  Perfectly.
“So I don’t want you walking on it,” Tony said, firmly.  Was Tony really—really here? Steve found himself wondering again.  “I’m gonna get you on your feet, and I’m gonna fly you back to a nice warm quinjet, okay?  And then you’re, uh, you’re going to rest a little while I make some repairs to the stealth system, and then I’ll . . . figure out where to meet up with the itsy bitsy spider I mentioned, and we’ll get you all safe and sorted out.”
“Not at all,” Steve said, and enjoyed watching Tony very deliberately bite into the same place he had.  He watched Tony chew, swallow, lick icing off his lips, then leaned forward, brushed a few crumbs away from his beard.
“I,” Steve said, with all the distinct diction and firmness he could manage right then, “wanted it.  The welts.  I wanted them.”
, and those were his gloves, oh, God.
“Of course not,” Tony said, and it was so quiet and sincere that Steve had to believe it.
But he wanted to work Tony up into that slow, give him pleasure on top of pleasure, sensation on top of sensation, first.  Get him ready for it.  He wanted to make Tony feel really, really good tonight.  He always did, of course, always, but if he was going to be driving the bus in particular, it was his responsibility, and Steve wanted it to be extra, especially good.  Tony trusted him to do this.  He wasn’t going to let him down.
it—but that was what made it all the better when Tony denied him, didn’t let him come, pulled Steve back from even his easy orgasms and made him wait and struggle all the harder.  Tony was no sadist, not in the way Steve was a masochist, he didn’t get off on giving it to Steve, seeing him cry out and twist and sob with pain, but when it came to denying his pleasure, controlling the way Steve got to come, how and when, he was gloriously, perfectly sadistic.  Steve couldn’t have been more grateful.  The gratitude, the way his cock burned with denied pleasure, swept over him in waves, leaving him practically sobbing it out into Tony’s shoulder, the emotion, the release of
“Apple pie?” Steve asked against his temple.
Tony felt himself go suddenly, improbably hot in the face and wondered if he was somehow
,” Steve said insistently, searching out Tony’s face and blinking until his eyes were clear, fixing them on Tony’s.  His tongue felt thick and his lips slow and stupid, but he didn’t want Tony feeling any doubt, wondering at all, about how much he had enjoyed it.  It barely even hurt, and the way it did, the sting, the sensitivity, it was
“Yeah, for me,” Tony murmured, and his voice sounded hoarse.  “All right, sweetheart, let’s see what I can do here, huh?”  His hand pressed flat against Steve’s stomach, then slid up along his chest, making him shiver and shake under the bright shivery sensations it brought with it, until he reached one of the weights, and then he
Tony smiled at him, his eyes full.  “Don’t you start, sunshine boy,” he said.  “I did all of this for you out of the goodness of my heart.”
Natasha just crossed her arms and leaned back against the wall beside him.  “You know the story, of course,” she said.  “He went on the ice drunk.  He’s an alcoholic.”
“What is, then?” Steve managed to ask.
“Tony,” Steve said, laughing a little.  “I just—I just came, I—”
“So good,” Tony murmured again, and his hand came up, brushed Steve’s hair back out of his face, his thumb running over Steve’s forehead, and then he was pressing another kiss there, and the warm awareness of it washed all the way down over Steve’s chest, down to his toes, and then Tony was pulling back, moving away, reaching up over him.  Steve sucked in a breath, feeling the skin of his tits prickle, his nipples, aching and hot, and then Tony was back, pressing his lips to each tit just above the nipple in a lingering kiss before he dropped the clamps, all cold metal and cool teasing chains, in a little silvery puddle on Steve’s belly.  “You ready for this, peaches?” Tony murmured.
Steve felt himself turning red again.  Tony seemed to be good at making him blush. He wasn’t sure if he was flirting with him or not, but he dismissed that thought as ridiculous.  Tony had always had a reputation as a flirt; this sort of lowkey stuff was probably second nature to him by now, something he didn’t even think about.
Tony let out a quiet little sob, trembling against Steve’s shoulder, his body gone all limp and soft.
And he was as good as his word.
“Guess I’d better,” Tony said.  “Goes both ways anyway.”
had made Tony feel that way, that Tony
—and the clamps dragged off with a kind of flare, an—an
And Steve had gone there that night despite himself.  And he’d been going there ever since.  It had been almost two months, and he couldn’t seem to bring himself to—to stop, because every time, Brock would—would take him apart, would twist his arm up behind his back and get him on the floor and fuck him raw, or smack him with a gloved hand until Steve was panting and red-faced, on his knees, or having him suck his cock until he was choking, gagging—he said Steve wasn’t any good at that, but he was getting better, wasn’t he?  He hoped so, but he still gagged every time; he couldn’t seem to help himself—or he’d have Steve just keep his cock in his mouth for hours as he choked on it until he was sore and numb and gagging quietly, with tears of effort in his eyes—tears of effort! From him!—and Steve didn’t know what it was about it, but he felt so much better afterwards, like for a while the gray haze that seemed to cover everything some days had lifted, like he could take in a deep breath, like he could straighten easily and smile at anyone and really mean it.
Was it really?  “Broken ribs, some sort of—God, ouch, Steve, your leg, Jesus Christ—”
Tony slapped at his tits a little more, and the sensation sparked through every inch of Steve, going hot and bright under his nerve endings each time, even as Tony shaped the weight of Steve’s tits with his hands and squeezed as if weighing them, bouncing them lightly in his hands and rubbing his thumbs up and down around the nipples, against the sides of them, around the clamps.  Steve shivered, felt his cock leak even more, jerking wetly, even as Tony pressed soft, humid, warm kisses down along the arch of his neck, beneath his hairline.  When he pinched at the soft underside of his pecs, Steve gasped out a harsh breath and almost came right there.  He trembled as Tony rubbed gently at those same spots with his thumbs in slow, gentle, almost thoughtful little circles, massaging the underside of Steve’s tits.  It felt so good it left him shaking, and he clutched desperately at the back of Tony’s neck, curled his fingers in his hair and turned his face inward to rest against the warm, soft, scratchy skin of Tony’s neck, feeling his own breath stuttering and heaving, and just hung on.
“Yeah,” he finally managed, in a hoarse rasp, himself, urged himself to talk more, the words just spilling out of him, rambling.  “So, so good, baby.  So—so good.  That’s just exactly it.  You’re doing beautifully, trust me.  Can’t believe you’re here, sucking me so perfectly.  Can’t believe this is real—oh!”  Steve had swirled his tongue over that spot under Tony’s cockhead again, sucked at him perfectly, and Tony felt it go through him in a sharp quiver of pleasure.
“And why wouldn’t I be generous to my sweet guy?” Tony asked, a smile still in his voice as he stroked gently over Steve’s sore side.  Somehow he knew exactly how to do it so it felt good rather than hurt, so that it made tension and soreness drain out of Steve like lancing a wound, made him relax even further, so soft and loose and lax.  It felt so good.  “You’re my sweetheart, aren’t you, babe?”
After a moment Steve gripped Tony’s hip with his other hand, sitting back a bit, patted him, and Tony let his legs slip apart, Steve’s cock fall from between them.  Steve made a hot, needy sort of noise, nosed in against Tony’s neck, took another deep, long breath there, bit lightly at his ear, still rubbing his cock gently through the garter belt.  Tony moaned, encouraging him, rolling his hips, and Steve pressed soft, wet kisses over his neck, moved his hand away from Tony’s needy cock, making him whimper, and slipped his fingers down between his thighs, feeling where he was warm, hot, from Steve fucking between them, tugging at the garter straps, feeling at the soft lace of his stockings.  “You’re so beautiful,” he whispered again in Tony’s ear, and Tony could see him looking at them in the mirror, at his fingers playing over Tony’s thighs, against the lace of the stockings.  He ducked his head, feeling almost flustered, panting for breath. “No,” Steve insisted, his voice rough, husky, warm, and his hand came up, stroked at Tony’s belly.  “You are.”
Besides, Tony thought, it had reminded Tony of being with his girlfriends, eating pussy, in a way that had made him squirm, go hot.  Like he’d gotten wet for Steve.  He would never have thought that would turn him on—hey, his cock didn’t always play ball, so to speak, no awful puns intended, but he
Steve whimpered, gave a low, hitching little whine, his cheeks bright red.  He sucked at Tony’s cock a little harder, his eyes half-closed, dazed and hazy when Tony pulled at his hair, got him to raise his eyes to his face, mouth still stretched wide closed around Tony’s cock.  Damn, just the sight of that would be enough to bring Tony off some days, Tony was sure.  He heard himself moan, clutched his hand tighter in Steve’s hair.
“With gelato,” Tony promised with a confident smile. “Now close your eyes, babe.  I can see you drooping.  I’ll be right back with the nurse and you’ll get some relief, I promise.”
“Yeah,” he said, and smiled back, and smiled, and smiled.  “I know.”
experiment until the exact moment when he heard the telling click and thought,
Steve nodded again, moaned, slid himself a little way forward and bobbed his head over Tony’s cock again, sucking hard, letting his cheeks hollow out.  Tony heard his own gasp loud in his ears as Steve dragged his tongue messily, firmly, over the tip of his cock again.
Steve just nodded, sucking harder then pulling back a bit, licking at his cock and panting as he slid a hand down, wrapped it around his own huge, hard, dripping cock again, hard palm and big square callused fingers big enough to look proportionate as he tugged at himself, slid it down to wrap around the base, even as he went back to sucking hard at Tony’s cock, taking it into his mouth far enough that he must have been filling him up pretty well, even if he wasn’t knocking at the door at the back of his throat, exactly.  He groaned, a harsh sound that send a hot rush of air down along Tony’s cock.
“Good,” he said.  He slid his hand down Tony’s thigh again, down around his knee than up around the inside, until Tony was shivering with the warmth of it, of the touch, the way it felt, the pure pleasure of being touched like that, and then he slid it up Tony’s inner thigh, pushed his leg out wide, and Tony let him, sighed and relaxed into it.  He’d let Steve manhandle him however he damn well wanted to, any day of the week.  Steve’s big, broad, blunt, square fingers smoothed along his inner thigh, up along the sensitive skin at the crease of his groin, and Tony shivered again, panting, bit his bottom lip, sucked on it.  The hot sensation went all the way through him, a thrilling tease, warm and prickling where Steve’s calluses skimmed over his skin.  Steve’s hand moved over to squeeze and massage at his balls, then he was running his wide warm palm against them, stroking and tugging gently, and Tony heard his own loud gasp in his ears, felt sweat spring up under his arms, heard himself panting.  It felt so, so good, a low warm pleasure building and building, in his gut, his balls, his still-wet cock.
sorry,” Steve offered, immediately, “I’ve been feeling off lately, and...well to tell the truth, the smell of your hair was really calming. But really, I am so sorry.”
"Jesus, I never thought I'd live to see the day when I actually welcomed Barton's dumbass remarks," Tony spoke, wiping away a few tears of laughter, "look, just give me a minute, and then I'll lead the class on our little  field trip."
. Come inside me, baby, fill me with your cum, and let me feel your knot.”
Steve smiled up at the ceiling. He may not have been able to see Jarvis, but he could almost hear the light-hearted grin in the A.I.’s voice. Steve started formulating a plan as sleep began to wash over him. When his head finally hit his pillow, he noticed the lights begin to dim.
“Anyway, I wanted to let you know that we’ve noticed that your work has really improved lately, especially what you’ve been doing with our web content. I know you graduated with a degree in Web Design and a minor in Graphic Design, so why’d you come into the company only wanting to do graphic design?”
“I missed this,” Steve said, turning their hands over.
Steve hadn’t had the chance to see Tony since he’d gotten back from Spring Break. He was initially excited when he found out that his boyfriend was back in town, but now he was nothing but nervous.
“We’re at your apartment.”
“Hey,” Steve offered, sliding into the passenger’s side. “So, where are we going for our first date?”
The shocked and confused look on Ty’s face quickly gave way to a predatory grin.
“We should go on a date,” Tony spat out, nervously.
“Alright, good. Now can we please talk about something is, preferably how great my hair looks today!”
“Yes,” both Rhodey and Pepper answered in unison.
“Thank you,” Steve whispered, almost too softly to hear.
“I’m sorry, Steve. I’m so sorry. Please, I promise from here on out I’ll never miss anything again, just...please forgive me and give me a chance to make up for this.”
“Jarvis, my family's butler, used to bring me here all the time when I was young. Since he’s been gone, I've always found that coming here helps me clear my head.”
It had almost been a month since Steve had mentioned the idea of getting away, just the two of them. They had only been eight weeks into their relationship but the thought of taking a break from their life as Avengers to just
“That went well,” Tony spoke, packing everything up.
Tony looked up from the papers he was grading at his desk to see Peter Parker, his student assistant, holding the small bin with graphing calculators. Peter was a junior who had taken Advanced Physics the year before, and was also a member of the robotics team. When Peter had said he needed a place to spend his free periods, Tony had agreed to let him help around his classroom.
“Anthony Edward Stark, I am as sure about you as I am that I love our daughter with my whole heart. I don’t want anybody else in this world other than you, okay?”
Tony found a chair in the waiting room while Steve went to check in. The blond came back, seemingly happier than before.
“Bed, Tony,” Steve whispered. Without a word, Tony rolled off of Steve and moved to the bed, shedding his shirt on the way. It wasn’t long before Steve was on top of Tony, his shirt gone, and for the first time they were both completely naked at the same time.
A smile spread on his face, watching his friends take this all in. On the outside everything seemed so grand and so fantastic, and it was, but Steve knew that there was more to Tony than just this. He couldn’t wait for his friends to learn that too. They parked and made their way up to the front door, where they were greeted by a very well dressed, lovely redhead.
He let those words sink in. It’s true, he wasn’t Tony’s biggest fan at first, but over the last few months Steve had come to understand and even like him. As hard as he knew it would be, Steve couldn’t say no to helping him through such a difficult time.
“I don’t
As he stood watching the heat with DeWitt and another school, he leaned over towards Steve to point out the bot in question.
Tony scrambled for any way to get himself out of the hole he was digging himself further into, until he realized that the omega was just giving him a hard time.
He’d called into Stark International before he left SHIELD and had been assured that Tony had already left—Steve sure hoped so, it was eleven thirty at night—so he was figuring Tony would be there in the mansion somewhere.  He’d told Steve he still had “Christmas stuff” to work on and presents to “rig up,” so Steve wondered if he was in his workshop, even at this hour, rather than on this floor at all.
“Oh, yeah,” Tony said fervently.  “In the shower—maybe as a break from lab work, you pushing me down on my back on the bed and just going to town on me—”
“Y-yeah,” Tony said, stuttering a little, gone breathless at the thought, at Steve
, pleasing him like that.  He didn’t even know if that was true, if he could have done that, clenched down or worked himself so easily or naturally inside, before the serum, but it was a good thought, a good thought to think that he could have.  God knew he’d have wanted to just as much.  There was nothing, nothing quite like pleasing Tony with his body, just knowing he was pleasing to Tony that way.
“I—” Tony started, swallowed.  Steve wanted to put his tongue on him.  He knew Steve didn’t mind it, but it still felt so—so intimate, so, well, filthy. He was clean; he’d cleaned up scrupulously for this, even before making sure he was shaved and trimmed and freshly waxed, but.  But still. It was his
“Good,” Tony said, smiling. His hand scratched gently through Steve’s hair.  “That’s all I want, babe.  All I want.”
Tony’s face seemed to shutter strangely, close off, at that, and that hurt, a twinge of pain tight in Steve’s already tight chest.  “Yeah, you’re really loopy,” he muttered under his breath.  But that wasn’t right.  Steve would have wanted to see Tony, regardless.  He always wanted to see Tony, and—and there was something he had to say—
“You’re so lovely,” Tony breathed, stroking his thumb over the dip of Steve’s throat in a way that made him want to tip his head back, bare his throat, helpless for him, so he did, reveling in the way Tony’s breath caught, even in the soft, sweet, hazy space he’d found himself in.  “So lovely, sweetheart, but that wasn’t an answer for me, was it?”
“I know,” Steve murmured, against Tony’s chest, against his heart, where he could feel it beating fast, feel the scars through the soft thin fabric of his t-shirt, the rabbit-quick way it pounded.  He turned his head, pressed a kiss to it through the fabric, slid one hand under Tony’s shirt and rubbed at his waist, the soft skin there.  “I know, Tony.”  Tony showed him every day, even when he didn’t say it.  Steve just had to pay attention.  To remember how Tony showed his affection, his love, all the ways he showered Steve in each little bit of attention, each gift to make his life easier.
Tony nodded, unsteadily, and Steve just rubbed at the back of his neck some more, squeezed and massaged, and he felt so good, damn, he felt so good, it felt right, even his aching cock in its cage, the metal warm now from their bodies, felt right.  He didn’t want to come; he wanted to lie here against Steve, soft and relaxed, and enjoy this soft, sweet, easy ache, maybe, after a while, slide off Steve’s cock and clean up and blow him before bed, if Steve let him.  If Steve wanted him to.
“Smells like almonds,” Steve murmured.  “Almonds and bananas.”
pain, tingling and hot, lingering in his skin, on the edge of pleasure until he couldn’t quite tell the difference.  Tony had given it to him perfectly, laid down marks until they formed crosshatching, little squares all over his rear, that Steve could still feel hot and stinging and swollen.  He suddenly wanted Tony to rub his rear more, to make it hurt more, to tug and pinch and massage his marked cheeks.
, he told himself.
, doing something that he wanted, that he’d asked for.  For Tony.  His voice sounded wrecked.  He sounded like he’d been gargling with barbed wire.  “Yeah, y-yeah.  Put ‘em . . . put ‘em on me, hurt me, Tony, please.”
Steve’s fingers trailed back over Tony’s thighs, rubbed at the curve of his ass where it met his thighs, and his grin was pure mischief.  “Oh, you know,” he said.  “Things.” He tugged lightly at the bottom of Tony’s garter belt, and it made him shiver.  “Finger you open.  Eat you out. I really want to get inside you sometime tonight.”  Gentle fingers sliding along his perineum, against his lacy panties.  “God, Tony, those feel amazing,” he murmured softly. “But, well.  You know.  I want you good and open.  Take my time with you.”
Tony moaned, gasping, twisted in his arms, probably couldn’t help it as his sore rear and thighs, his sensitive shoulders, were brought in against Steve, as he was manhandled into putting pressure on them, but then Steve slid down, lay back, until he was curled over and around Tony who was mostly lying there on him, supported by his hips.
“Okay,” Steve said after a long time.  “Let me clean you up.”  He hugged Tony lightly, rubbing his stomach, kissed the top of his head, then helped Tony push himself up to his knees, rubbed a soft circle between his shoulder blades.
,” Tony babbled helplessly.  “Oh, that feels good.”
He wasn’t sure how long it went on for—it felt like a long time, but he always lost track of time like this, when Tony was fucking him, in the perfect pushing pressure of it, the stretch and friction deep inside him, the beautiful pressure as Tony’s cockhead hit his sweet spot, pushed past it, every time, the perfect rocking motion he fell into, Tony’s hand on his hip, on his back, at the back of his neck, Tony’s warmth all around him, over him, the way it felt when he pushed in balls deep and Steve could feel the soft slap of Tony’s balls against his own.  Tony was breathless, very breathless, he always went breathless while he was the one doing the doing to, so to speak, doing the fucking, and he pressed kisses all over Steve’s shoulders, all over his spine, along his welted shoulders, against the sensitive, stinging, prickling skin, and Steve whimpered again, gasped and groaned and felt like the luckiest man alive that he had someone who knew how to give it to him like this, that he had Tony.  This was the best part, God, the best part of all.  His cock ached and throbbed, bobbing desperately between his legs, and any other time he’d have been reaching down for it, but not like this.  It was so perfectly sore, sore and painful and hot and throbbing and needy and oversensitized, and he wanted to be good, so good, so he clenched his fists against the blankets and finally let himself press his head down, his cheek down into them, breathing unsteadily and sloppily into the blankets, mouth wet and drooling.  His mouth always got wet when he was turned on, excited. Tony seemed to think it was hot, the way he’d slobber and gasp while he was being railed, but Steve hadn’t quite lost the desire to hide his face, cover his mouth somehow to hide the embarrassing wetness.
His voice had the entirely worshipful tone that he often got when he was really, really sweet and under, and that Steve always put down to how Tony’s space went.  Still, something twinged in his chest again, tightened with feeling, because, well, damn, that was sweet, to think that Tony, even if it was because he was out of his head and trusting and too sweet with it not to, trusted him so much.  “That’s it, sweetheart,” he murmured.  “I’ll take good care of you.”
Tony found himself laughing helplessly against Steve’s mouth, shaking with it, as he draped his arms around Steve’s shoulders, tried to hang on.  “Yeah,” he said, “hell, I’d be running to Hank McCoy pretty quick.”
Tony’s hands came up and framed his face, and he pressed a kiss to Steve’s forehead, and Steve felt something in him relax, some tight insecurity coiled painfully in his belly loosen and smooth out, as Tony brushed hair back off his forehead and kissed him there again, at his hairline.  “Okay, sweetheart,” he said.  “I’m going to pull out.  I’m sorry.  You ready?”
Steve wondered.  What had he done to give it away?  Give himself away?  How had Brock known he wanted this—like this.  He clenched his hands in the bedspread and dragged the cloth closer toward him despite himself, his muscles flexing.  He didn’t even realize how badly he was rucking it up until he buried his face in it and gasped, and Brock was still working his fingers against that spot, a quick in and out, in and out.  The texture of his gloves was rubbing Steve’s rim, the tight clenching muscles there, raw and hot and painful, and Steve felt his cock hardening, felt it twitching in midair, bobbing helpless and wet, and bit back a groan, hid it against his forearm.  Why was that so good, why did it make him so—so hot, make him need so damn much?
Tony was full on squirming now.  “You’re being
Steve felt his face fall.
And he did, that was the thing.  He really did have him.  He looked out for Steve, watched over him.  He gave him a home, he gave him a place to feel soft and weak and himself, he—he did so much for Steve, and Steve was so difficult, and he was so grateful. All the time, he was so grateful. Tony was so good to him, and he never even had to ask.
He waited until Tony was breathing unsteadily, thighs trembling as he hitched his hips up and back almost anxiously, needily, his rear hot when Steve laid a hand down against it and rubbed there, gently, which made Tony give a breath that was nearly a sob, deep in his chest, shivering under his touch.  Steve rubbed, lightly, feeling how hot Tony was, light little touches over the sensitive skin, knowing it had to be hot, shivering with sensitivity and the intensity of feeling the soft silky tails of the flogger had created with repeated pressure.  Steve rubbed at his rear for a while, as Tony moaned, then went still, spreading his legs for Steve and shivering.  Steve stroked gently down, over the hot skin, between his legs, rubbing at the soft, smooth spot between his hole and his balls, cupping them gently and tugging them back, rubbing his fingers against the velvety-soft, carefully waxed skin, so smooth and warm as carefully denuded of hair as Tony kept them, then cupped his palm against them and rubbed his first two fingers gently against the base of Tony’s cock.
“I’m thankful for Steve,” he blurted out, then nudged his boyfriend to continue and take the attention off of himself. Tony only liked attention when he could control it.
Tony took a deep breath at that and felt a mix of fear and pride. He was going to get to see his baby for the first time, and if that wasn’t incentive enough for him to push through all of this, Tony didn’t know what was.
“No, Tony.”
“What do you mean?” Carol asked, now lowering the TV volume and giving the brunet her full attention.
“Yeah?” Tony asked
“This is awful,” Steve whined as he helped Tony untangle his limbs from the sweater that was currently holding him hostage. “I’m so sorry.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Tony asked, narrowing his eyes.
“I...who said that’s what I'm thinking about?” Steve asked, absolutely fooling no one.
“Oh well I uh…” Steve began, stumbling through his words, “he said he tells everyone not to get him anything--”
It didn’t take long for them to spot Natasha and Bucky standing with all of their friends. Once the couple spotted Steve and Tony, it seemed as though their entire friend group turned to gape at them, each one of them smiling.
“Yes, mom,” Tony sassed, knowing that if things fell through, Rhodey would be there to help no matter what. “If you’re done lecturing me, I’d like to talk about the fact that two of my students are in a love triangle with one of your JROTC students.”
"Anthony Edward Stark, are you in love?”
“Tony, you literally asked me to come by today at this exact time,” Bruce said, rolling his eyes fondly.
Tony looked at the sonogram for a moment, letting it all sink in, and suddenly, without thinking, he took Steve’s face in his hands and kissed him. Though the blond was taken by surprise, it didn’t take long for him to return the kiss. But almost as quickly as it began, Tony pulled back, now thinking better of himself.
“Well, the way this relationship has been going, you’ve got a lot more of that to look forward to,” Tony said around a laugh of his own.
He seemed genuinely excited once he realized that they would be watching The Nightmare Before Christmas, but twenty minutes into the movie, Steve was knocked out and laying with his head resting in the brunet’s lap. Tony had long since stopped paying attention to the movie, in favor of continuing to look at the sonogram. The more he looked at it, the more surreal it all seemed. Looking down at the image in his hand, he slowly began to focus on Steve. He stroked his hand through the blond head of hair, eventually moving to stroke the man’s arm, and finally resting his hand on the omega’s belly.
“Yup, that’s me.”
Steve sat there, letting Sarah’s words sink in. Before he had a chance to speak, though, she continued.
“We need to talk,” she spoke, voice as serious  as her expression.
“Ma...you know why,” Steve responded.
“The lack of you talking to me was kind of a big indicator…”
“I mean, I figure, uh, if I ever needed you to watch Cora again and you needed to leave or something, um… it’d be easier if you had your own key instead of me having to leave mine and you know…”
“Right, and cheating on me was so much easier?”
“I tried, but that asshole Fury wouldn’t let me,” Tony frowned. “So I had to settle with just having him in my classroom, but that’ll be our little secret.” Tony whispered, bumping shoulders with Steve and giving him a wink before returning back to his work station.
Steve knew that Natasha wasn’t going to take no for an answer. He also knew, though, that she was aware of how stubborn he could be. Thanks to his small stature, Steve always felt it necessary to turn down any kind of handouts from friends. He was in a bit of a pickle, sure, but that didn’t mean he was going to walk around accepting jobs from his friends, offered out of pity.
Steve honestly didn’t know where to begin with this. How was he going to tell his friend that he had feelings for another man?
“Oh God, Coraline, I am so sorry, honey. Shh, it’s okay sweetie,” Steve tried, as he picked Cora up to hold her in his arms. He tried his best to calm her down, but no matter what, she continued to cry. Finally giving up, Steve pulled out his phone to text Bucky
“Is everything ok?” he asked, taking a seat on the couch as well.
Tony smiled at Peter, wondering how he ever got so lucky as to have such a great student in his life. “Well, kid, it’s still pretty weird to have your help with any of this, but I appreciate it all the same. Now, Bruce,” Tony said, clapping Bruce on the shoulder, “I’m going to need your help putting this whole plan together.”
Tony just flipped her off, and shook his head laughing. It was rare that he really sought the advice of those around him, but when he did it always served as a reminder that he was truly lucky to have the friends he had.
“You never needed permission to do whatever you wanted before, I figured today would be no different. But if you need the invitation, then come on in,” Tony said, gesturing towards the armchairs in the far left corner of his office.
“What was that for?” Tony asked, smiling into the next kiss that was placed on his lips.
“They're so tiny,” Tony whispered, circling the footprints with his finger.
“Have a seat, I made breakfast for you,” Steve stated, setting the dining table.
Tony Stark,” Steve whispered, pulling Sam and Bucky closer to him. “He’s a physics teacher at my school and I’ll be working with him as an assistant coach for the robotics team.”
Tony rolled his eyes at how proper Steve was around Pepper.
“Well there’s no harm in trying.”
Steve just nodded, now feeling the full weight of his nerves. His hand itched to reach for his phone, to call Tony one final time, but he knew it’d be best to just focus on the doctor’s words and instructions.
“Who is this?” he asked. Tony just gave a deep sigh as he pinched the bridge of his nose.
“See, Pep, part of being a responsible adult is deciding when you want to work and when you want to blow off boring stuff. You’ll learn all about that when you’re older, but until then, what’s the reason for this lovely yet impromptu visit?”
Coraline perked up at that, running over to Howard to tug on his pants.
“I guess that’s true. But I don’t know what I should do. I tried to talk to him about what happened, and somehow I ended up confessing that I want a relationship with him.”
As Steve stood in his shower, he fumbled around for his shampoo, stumbling across the bottle that Tony had given him. Through all the pain of the alpha cutting ties with him, Steve still couldn’t bring himself to get rid of it. Though he hadn’t used it in some time, every so often, he would just smell it, the scent taking him back to a time when they had seemingly been happy. He quickly put the cap back on the bottle, and continued on getting ready. Twenty minutes later, Steve was dressed and ready to go. He called a cab and went outside to wait, basking in warm July morning air.
Pepper just rolled her eyes as she took a sip of her drink.
“Well it is our first date, so I figure I have to impress you if I want a second date. However, opening your door makes it easier for me to say you owe me one, so you should buy dinner tonight.”
“Yes!” Steve yelled, exasperated.
As he mulled around his apartment, trying to deal with what he now knew was morning sickness, as well as the stress induced headache that was forming, Steve heard a loud knock at the door. He jumped initially, but walked to the door, almost certain that he knew who was on the other side of it.
Steve sat silent for a moment.
Eventually, he got the balls to get out of the car and to the front of Steve’s building. Steve buzzed him in and he made his way up the three flights of stairs. Stairs took longer than the elevator. Stairs gave him time to think.
. “So you turned me down for my own good?”
“Please, Tony, tell me the last time she was actually
“Tony…”
Steve took the wine bottle back from Tony. “I didn’t know you’d gone to AA.”
“Ew,” Steve chuckled. “You know these muscles aren’t just for looks, right?” With a smirk, he picked Tony up by the ass, eliciting a squeak from the shorter man.
“Well, hey there little Masie, you gave me quite a scare, showing up a little early, but I should have known that any child of Tony Stark’s would be intent on coming into this world with a big entrance,” Steve laughed, through tears.
"I've known Tony for what feels like forever and other those years I've seen a lot of people come into his life who wanted nothing but to use him. I know you haven't known him very long, at least not long enough to notice this but the one thing Tony wants more than anything is to be accepted and liked by those around him. It's because of this that he goes to great lengths to please people he cares about, whether or not his actions are in his best interest."
“Never mind. I take that back.”
************
Steve left in a hurry and Tony took shaky steps to the couch. Sex with Steve was about to happen. When he heard Steve starting to walk back to him, he told himself to remember each part of this. The last time he and Steve had had sex, he hadn’t
With those words of something slightly resembling encouragement, Tony typed a text that could change everything.
Almost immediately, Bucky began to laugh at Darcy’s nickname. Within seconds, the entire room had erupted in laughter, and with that the party got underway. Steve could barely go five minutes without someone asking him about his costume or wanting to take a picture. While he did enjoy all of the praise and excitement over his costume, after a few hours, Steve found the attention draining. Once he found a moment, Steve decided to look for a quiet place he could possibly sit for a while.
“I don’t think Coraline would be too pleased if Ony wasn’t around anymore,” Steve said finally, leaning his forehead against Tony.
“Ah, I mean, you know me. I like to save all the good topics for when we get to where we’re going.”
has a name,” Steve ground out, his cheeks beginning to warm with embarrassment at the way this man was treating him.
Tony stood there, soaking wet, breathing heavily. He looked up at the blond, with determination in his eye.
Steve tried to read the look on Tony’s face, but didn’t see anything more than mild nervousness. He pulled the brunet in by the waist before landing a gentle kiss on his lips. “Thanks so much for this, I’ll make it up to you somehow.”
“Hey, everyone’s coming at around 7 so be here by then, or come earlier if you want”
“Hmm, alright, well the same idea still applies. If you enjoy this guy’s company then get his info and hang out in a less tabloid-worthy location.”
“Good to see you too, Tony,” Sam spoke. “Have fun on your trip.”
out of the closet. The wrapping paper was a heap on the floor as Tony tore it off to reveal a painting--a beautiful, detailed,
“I promise,” the brunet offered, crossing his heart. Pepper gave him a small nod, and a peck on the cheek before leaving to return back to her work.
Once Cora was seated on the toilet, she squeaked; “Do you hate me?”
It wasn’t until he had completely finished buttering a few slices of toast that Tony walked into the kitchen, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. Steve gave a warm smile.
************
Once inside, Coulson gestured for him to take a seat.
“When you say it like that--”
“I had to call in a lot of favors to figure out who the mole at SI was, so the least you can do is chaperone this dance, Tony.”
“Hey hey, what’s the big rush?” Tony asked, confused.
“Ah, hello friends. Are you ready for the lunch rush today?” Thor, another waiter, quickly asked on his way to refill some drinks. Clint just rolled his eyes, and smiled.
Steve just gave a weak smile and slowly nodded his head. That seemed to be enough for Coulson, as he turned and made his way back to his office. The second Coulson was gone, Steve stood and ran for the bathroom. He shot past Tony’s desk, only briefly noticing the look of concern on the alpha’s face. He wanted to stop to explain himself, but he knew he didn’t have enough time.
“For both our sakes, please don’t pretend as though that isn’t what this is.”
Steve stood there, mouth agape, waiting for his brain to reboot. He didn’t know what it was that broke him: how gorgeous Tony was or how unimaginably smart he was. Either way, the last five minutes had done absolutely nothing to help quell the raging crush Steve had on the brunet. While he stood there, willing his legs to remember how walking worked, he felt something bump into him. He turned around to see what looked to be a robotic arm with wheels. It held a tennis ball and moved up and down, waiting for Steve to take it.
“Sure,” Tony said, handing Coraline a bag filled with stickers. She gasped when she saw what was inside. “I know, exciting, right?” Tony asked, ushering them both back into the apartment. They went to the couches and dumped out their things.
“How long has this been going on?”
“Nothing
From where he stood, Steve could see over the others, sitting around the fire pit in the backyard,  roasting marshmallows and drinking. He smiled to himself, watching those who mattered the most to him having such a good time. He breathed in deeply, as a gust of wind swept over him, and looked up at the sky. Steve became mesmerized by the stars in the sky, but was startled when he heard the sound of someone opening the porch door. He turned quickly to see who it was, and was greeted by a sheepish wave from Tony.
It started when Tony came home from a long day at work, to see a small crystal clear glass turtle sitting in the kitchen next to the hand soap. He smiled to himself, thinking that maybe this was a sign that Steve had finally realized the importance of bringing more of his things into their home. Tony held onto that sweet thought as time went on, and slowly but surely more and more turtles began to pop up.
“Right? What kind of psycho ruins perfectly good espresso with 5 shots of vanilla, 5 shots of hazelnut and a shit ton of white chocolate syrup?!”
“I randomly found the receipt from the bed and breakfast that we stayed at for New Years Eve, too,” Steve spoke, readjusting himself to lay on his stomach on Natasha’s bed. “I was doing laundry and I found it in his pants. Nat… he spent three hundred dollars on that room.”
“Oh my god, these costumes are perfect,” Bucky spoke, trying to catch his breath. He fished around in his pocket to find his phone to take a picture.
Clint opened two of the gym doors, leading the way, but smiling over his shoulder. “Oh boy, you are going to have a
Tony smiled, wide, fingers flying as he typed his reply.
“I...wait, what?” Tony stammered.
“Yeah well… I maybe… don’t actually… know how to skate,” Tony’s voice progressively got softer as he spoke. Leave it to him to plan this date without actually knowing how to skate.
that we have enough drinks for everyone?” Tony asked his friends, nervously. They all looked back at him in slight confusion.
“Tony, are you sure? You don’t have to do this just because I want to keep this baby.”
“Tony, we’re going to have a daughter. Natasha, Pepper and Carol are going to absolutely love this.”
Tony moved to stand at Steve’s side, looping his arm with the blond’s. “Listen, I know there’s more in that pretty little head of yours than just strategy and information about bodybuilding. You’re more capable of this type of engineering than you think. Plus, I can’t really let you take Sprocket home with you unless you know how to turn him off and on, so…” Tony trailed off as he lifted the screwdriver again.
“Yes,
“Well, now that you’re here, I wanted to ask if you had a chance to look over any of the stuff I sent you?” Tony asked.
“Ugh, yes,
“Why’s that?” Bruce asked, making a disapproving face as his pickle was stolen. It took Tony a moment to really consider his answer.
“But it
Once he got to the omega’s apartment, Tony didn’t hesitate to start banging on the door. It didn’t take long to get a response but once he did it seemed as though both men were startled. Tony knew Steve had said something, he just wasn’t sure what, and he didn’t waste any time trying to figure it out. He looked up at the omega, realizing how distraught he looked, and just spat out the first thing that came to mind.
“I think we’re going to need a moment,” Pepper answered. Steve just bowed his head and walked away, quietly. Once he returned, Pepper placed an order for both herself and Tony with some kindness in her voice. Steve hoped that the change in attitude wasn’t temporary, and lucky for him it wasn’t.
“Well hello to you too, Rhodey,” Tony responded, spinning around to watch his friend walk into the workshop.
. This whole thing blew up in my face just like you both said it would and from here on out, I’ll make sure never to fall for anyone ever again. Clearly love isn’t in the cards for me so...I get it. You guys don’t have to go into it.”
“What is this?” Ty asked, looking over the information in front of him.
“Steve, this is beautiful,” Natasha whispered, finally looking up at him.
Rhodey seemed caught off guard by that, but smiled wide all the same. The rest of his friends moved through their introductions, and once everyone had met, Tony ushered them to the dining room. In front of them was an amazing spread of dinner.
Steve stood there, dumbfounded.
After a few minutes of silence, Tony turned to see the exasperated look on Rhodey’s face. He just looked at his friend expectantly, earning himself an eye roll.
breathtakingly gorgeous. Yet here Tony was, all maroon t-shirt and navy cardigan with the sleeves pushed up; hair perfectly tousled and glasses that did nothing but somehow make his bright blues eyes even brighter. Steve wanted to scream, but he settled for rallying the team and getting them off the bus.
Tony tossed and turned as he tried to get to sleep that night. After coming back from Steve’s apartment, he went straight down to the workshop. He didn’t say a single word to Happy on the ride home, he just sat in silence, then practically ran out of the car, to lock himself away with his work. He threw himself into some of the more troublesome projects that he had been working on as of late. The kinds of projects that required 100% of his brainpower and left no room to think about anything else.
. Who knew running across the school could really take it outta ya?” Tony asked, taking a seat in the front row of desks.
“Oh man, guys, thanks so much for coming over to help. Wait, hold on, why are either of you here?” Tony asked, finally realizing how odd it was that Steve’s friends had shown up in his time of need.
“Yeah, whatever,” Tony muttered, bumping shoulders with the blond.
“The customer that you spent pretty much all night talking to,” Clint prompted.
“Hi, Mr. Stark? My name is Ben Albright and I was wondering if you had a moment?” The man asked nervously.
Tony’s lips crashed onto Steve’s, excitedly. It was several moments before they parted, but once they did, Steve let out a small laugh.
Tony just shrugged and continued checking in. Once they’d gotten their room keys and made it to the elevator, Tony looked at Steve, quizzically. “Are you sure you’re okay sharing a room?” he asked.
“I love you.”
“That right there is what I’m talking about. You hide behind your wit and sarcasm when you don’t need to.”
“Well, Empire Fulton Ferry is always a great time. We could grab something small to eat at Empire Stores or walk around the garden at the St. Ann's Warehouse,” Steve offered, hoping to gauge a reaction from the brunet that might indicate what he’d prefer. “Or we could just head over there and play it by ear.”
Steve gave him a warm smile before sitting back on the couch.
Just then, Steve began to feel people poking and prodding at him. He felt the sting a needle being placed in his arm. He felt his eyes being manually opened, one at a time, but couldn’t see anything. Over the course of what felt like several minutes, his limbs were tugged at and positioned, and he was stripped of his street clothes in favor of something that felt like a gown. Steve could only assume that he was in an operating room, being prepared for a c-section, being prepared to have his sweet little girl brought into this world, not knowing whether either of them would ever get to meet.
“Anyway, he said he’d told them that something like that would happen. Who just let’s an eighteen-year-old have exclusive access to an aquarium and let them have sex, in the open, pressed up against a fucking fish tank?”
“Ony took me to da potty! I said I hadda go and he took me!”
“It is when one of those coworkers has a raging crush on the other!”
Tony sat with his hands in his lap, just looking expectantly at the blond. Steve gave a quizzical look. “I can’t start the car until you put on your seatbelt. No way I’m gunna drive off in front of those guys without you safe and secure in this car.”
“Trust me, with your body, it’ll take him a week to crack.”
“I have no fucking clue who that Steve guy is. He was some poor sap who for some reason genuinely had feelings for you and I can only assume you ripped him a new one when you thought he had something to do with all of this,” Ty said, gesturing between them. “I honestly only came here to gloat about stealing your code but the fact that you also sabotaged a genuine relationship over this is truly icing on top of an already delicious cake!”
“You know, people tried to tell me you’re sassy, but I just don’t see it at all!”
“Look,” the brunet began, now somewhat past the point of annoyed, “Steve doesn’t know about my family or my money. I didn’t call you guys over here to question Steve’s motives, I called you over here to help me through the fact that I’m going to be a father soon.”
Steve grabbed Tony’s arm, pulling him towards the back of the gym and away from the dance floor. “Listen,” Steve started, voice still hushed, “I don’t think it’d really be appropriate for us to have a conversation about personal matters in front of a bunch of students.”
“I think I can manage that.”
“It’s okay, Heidi, is it? Heidi, it’s alright, we can figure this out,” Tony assured, “Could you possibly just get us a second room if there aren’t any suites available?”
“Oh.”
“Tony, I need you,” Steve breathed, “need you to take me apart.”
“It’s been so hard to just go on like everything’s alright, and I just...really miss having you around to make everything less terrible.”
“Really?”
“Don't ‘Hey ma’ me! Come over here and give me a hug!”
“I shouldn't drink.”
The words hit him like a fist to the gut and Tony had to clasp the arc reactor as he tried to gasp for air.
“Hello, Mr. Rogers,” Steve heard a voice coming from seemingly nowhere. He looked around, startled, and heard a laugh come from Hogan as the elevator doors closed. “Sir has asked me to bring you down to the workshop,” the voice continued.
Steve was trying hard to make this invitation as casual as possible, but Tony could see the slight look of desperation in his eyes.
Tony was terrified of her.
“So you’ve slept with women. Have you slept with men, as well?”
It was startling for Steve to realize that he had completely missed something so clearly out of place. The more he thought about it, though, the more he realized that aside from wanting to know if Tony was okay health wise, Steve didn't actually
“Well, I’ve been getting sick lately because I’ve been dealing with morning sickness. Tony I’m...I’m pregnant.”
“Where is he getting this money?” Natasha asked, from her position on the floor in front of the bed.
They turned to look at one another, and Tony felt something overcome him. He reached out to take hold of Steve’s face and pulled him into a kiss. It was soft and all too short, but Tony couldn’t help but think it was perfect. As the kiss ended, they rested their foreheads together.
“I swear to god, if it weren’t for the fact that this food is life changingly delicious, I wouldn’t be sitting here listening to this crap.”
“Do you think it has anything to do with Peggy leaving or the break up with Tony?” Bucky asked, before taking a sip of his drink.
Steve thought he knew quite a bit about Tony from what he’d seen on the news or in magazines, but the biggest surprise was just how wildly off base every video or picture of him had ever been. Tony was breathtakingly gorgeous in person, so much so that Steve hadn’t even recognized it was actually him initially. Tony was also nearly as tall as Steve. He had the most beautifully mussed up chocolate brown hair. His eyes were the purest shade of blue that Steve had ever seen. To say he was infatuated with Tony would be...a grave understatement.
“That I uh...maybe...sort of...have feelings for...Tony,” Steve flinched once he got the whole statement out.
Steve watched on in silence as Tony narrated his every move while he assembled the bot. They sat in a companionable silence as they waited for the machine to power on and come to life. Once a small red light at the top came on, Tony turned to Steve with a large grin. “Congratulations, it’s a robot! What would you like to name the little bugger?”
He looked up to see Rhodey just shaking his head. “Alright well I hope he works out, for your sake and for the team’s. Those kids deserve to have good, competent coaches.”
Peter gave a nod and took a seat at the empty desk. Steve was happy to see the teenager, especially after how things had ended at the robotics meet. Of all the kids on the team, Steve had grown particularly fond of Peter, mainly because of the post team meeting burgers and shakes they’d get with Tony. He’d worried somewhat that after their season, and after the fight he’d had with Tony, that Peter wouldn’t want anything to do with him. Steve was glad to see that he was wrong.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Thanks,” Steve offered, trying to keep his heart from beating out of his chest as their fingers brushed.
Clint and Natasha shared a look between them before turning to avoid Steve’s eyes. It hadn’t occurred to him that things between their friends would end up being
Bucky just looked him over, stood up, took a piece of paper out of his breast pocket, unfolded it, and began.
“Ok, well uh...I don’t really know where to start,” Tony stammered, honestly.
awkward now that he and Tony weren’t...talking or dating or whatever it was that they were doing before.
“Tony? You’re Steve’s alpha?! I had no idea,” Bruce spoke, taking a step back to readjust his coat and his glasses.
Tony let Carol’s words sink for a moment. He’d been so busy trying to run from the mistakes that his parents made, he hadn’t had time to realize that he didn’t have to run at all.
“Well… I kind of have a kid now, so why don’t we just settle for 1 out of 3 and call it a day?”
Walking past the front desk, Steve stopped to give a brisk greeting, not wanting to seem rude, before heading up to Sarah’s apartment. He knocked on the door, realizing then that he hadn’t actually checked to make sure that she was even home. It took several minutes, but finally the door was opened, and Sarah met him with a surprised smile.
song. Listen to it as you read. Weep tears of angst.
Steve’s eyes went wide as he realized Rumlow’s feet weren’t on the ground. As Tony continued to lift him, gripping his throat tighter and tighter, Steve reached for his arm. “Babe…”
he thought. Steve just offered a smile, now noticing the somewhat worried look on Tony’s face as they began walking towards the parking lot.
They each set off their poppers, Steve and Tony had an honorary New Years kiss (it was only nine o’clock; there would probably be a
“Guys, I don’t want to make things weird or uncomfortable for anyone. I really probably shouldn’t come,” Steve tried.
The door swung open to reveal Natasha standing there with a worried look on her face.
“Well, the way I see it, you decided a long time ago that you deserved everything bad that ever came your way. I can’t imagine why, but it’s because of this that you don’t fight for the things you want.”
It had taken the span of three months for Steve to fall in love with Tony and yet it all fell apart in less than five minutes. He had no clue about any of the things Tony had accused him of. It hurt to think that the brunet could so easily jump to the conclusion that Steve was some kind of mole, hired to dig up dirt on him. But what really stung was that Tony could ever think that Steve would accept money to pretend to be in love with him. He couldn't even focus on the fact that Tony admitted he was falling too; none of that mattered now. Tony was clearly done with him, and to Steve that was just as well. If Tony didn't trust him, trust the bond they’d come to build between them, then Steve didn't want anything to do with him.
“Oh, no not like that! He came in a while back after a rough day and I served him. We got to talking and have become pretty fast friends. He’s been coming in regularly, mainly to just talk. He only ever has a drink or two, nothing crazy.”
As if on cue, both Bucky and Natasha walked into the hospital room.
Sam stepped forward, hands up innocuously. “Hey, look, we didn’t mean to get on your bad side, man, just having a little fun.”
He could hear a lot of different things, but mainly, he could hear people practically screaming around him.
“Mmhmm.”
“I see right through you, I hope you know that.”
“Well,” he started, handing Cora’s snacks to her. “I um… I’ll be leaving Thursday morning for two weeks. I’m being forced to go on holiday with my parents for Christmas break.”
“Yeah, we’ll move in with you.”
Steve stood up and kissed the crown of her head. “I’ll be in my room if you need me.”
Tony cleared his throat before pointing to the building they were approaching. “Looks like we’re here,” he said, stating the obvious.
Tony thought over the beta’s words, remembering back to the times in his life when he thought he had truly found happiness. In almost every case, Howard had managed to steal that happiness from Tony. For the first time, the alpha had realized that his own father was intent on making sure his life was as miserable as possible.
“You need one of them, to help you figure out if that’s anything you’d be interested in. If you try it out and you don’t like it or the idea of being intimate with Tony isn’t appealing then he’s probably not the person for you, which is perfectly fine. It’s just...there’s more to relationships than just swooning over someone and thinking they’re attractive. If this component of a relationship with Tony doesn’t suit you then you’ll know there’s no need to further pursue your feelings.”
“Stevie’s new crush?! Who is this and why have I not heard about them?!” Sam asked, losing all interest in the axe he was about to throw, in favor of prying into his friend’s life.
“I… stop what?”
“Good girl for telling me! C’mon, let’s go. Daddy is going to be so proud of you.”
“‘Member yew,” Cora murmured. “‘ony.”
“I should really be thanking you,” Steve offered, with a smile, “I’d have been standing here bored shitless, wiping down a clean bar top all night if not for you! Feel free to come in and save me from this crazy weeknight crowd any time you like!”
Steve found himself with nothing to do one Saturday afternoon. Sam and Clint were both resting up for their later shifts, while Bucky and Natasha were away for a weekend trip. Steve wracked his brain for what he could do, and settled on visiting an art museum.
“I love yew, Ony.” She wrapped her arms around him.
“Where’d you learn to ice skate anyway?” Tony asked, blowing on his drink to make it a little cooler.
“I can’t have Tony meeting everyone while I look like shit, Sam! Everything has to be perfect today,” Steve said, frantically searching for a new shirt to wear. He knew the day would come when his friends would finally meet Tony, he just didn’t expect to be so nervous about it. He loved Tony and he knew everyone else would too, but he couldn’t shake the fear that something might go wrong.
“We need to prep him as soon as possible and get him into surgery,” one voice said, loudly, at his left.
Steve heard someone’s throat clear, then looked to the man at Tony’s side.
“I just...uh...I didn’t want to bother you guys while you were getting ready for the holidays with your families.” Steve answered, unsure if even he bought that poor excuse for an explanation.
“‘M nug’it,” she mumbled, eyelids drooping, head falling against Peggy’s shoulder.
The look of sheer amazement on Steve’s face at the thought of Tony’s suggestion was enough to make the alpha give a small laugh. From the time that the waiter came to take their orders up until their food was delivered, Steve was beaming with happiness and excitement for his meal. As the blond prepared to dig into the plate in front of him, Tony just smiled and shook his head.
“That’s because some doofus shoved me into a snowbank.”
“You’re crush invited you to some super exclusive holiday jam and you don’t want to
“What, sex with Steve?”
“You’re the one with the kid. You came here for her birthday. She threw cake.”
“Just because I left twenty minutes after you guys doesn't mean I was going to be late. It’s amazing how quickly you can get places when you treat the speed limit as merely a suggestion!” Tony said, smiling devilishly.
“Well, thankfully, we were able to assess her condition and get her set up in an incubator with everything that she’ll need to get her through the next several weeks.”
“Tony? Why are you calling me right now? Where are you?” Carol asked in a hushed voice.
It was several minutes before Steve was able to compose himself enough to give her the full answer.
“I confided something in Natasha earlier this week and she suggested that I talk to you about it.”
Tony’s eyes grew wide at that. He saw the sheer look of nerves on Steve’s face as he waited for a response, and he swore he could feel his heart breaking at that moment.
Tony Stark until you say stuff like that,” Steve said, shaking his head as he huffed out a laugh.
Tony surged forward and kissed Steve with every ounce of love he had in his entire soul. “I’m gonna make this so good for you,” Tony whispered, slowly shifting them until Steve was below him, Tony situated between his legs.
“Second, I need you to watch after Tony. This break up is going to be hard for him to get through and I don’t want him to fall back into his old ways.”
“It’s the latter…”
“How are we going to put this together? Are you sure this is what she wants to be for Halloween?” Tony asked, looking for something that might help them.
“Avocado toast? You really are a millenial aren’t you?” Tony teased as he stood.
“I’ll have a Sam Adams please,” the voice beside him ordered.
Steve tried to remind himself to breathe. Between the sight in front of him and the song playing overhead, he thought he might actually faint. Almost as if on cue, Tony looked up and gave a smile that nearly turned Steve’s legs to jello.
“Well of course we have to give her a name, but I’m saying...maybe we don’t need a different one other than the one you initially suggested.”
“So, it’s kind of like we get a redo of everything? Another first date, first kiss… first time?”
“Hey, hope to see you soon! :)”
“Alright, Tony, I’ll make an appointment as soon as I get home tonight, ok?”
Once he was finally alone, outside waiting for his taxi, Steve opened the folder to look at the sonogram, but this time he laid a hand on his belly, feeling both happiness mixed with sadness. He wanted to share this with Tony, but it seemed that the alpha wanted no part in this. That was ok, Steve resolved. Looking down at the sonogram as he stroked his belly, Steve promised his baby that even on his own he would be more than enough.
As they sat down, Tony poured them both a glass of water.
“Well first, please call me Pepper. I’d like to think of us as friends, so you don’t have to bee so formal.”
“Thank god, because she’s entirely too old for you” Peter muttered, “regardless, I’ve seen you sweet talk before and the way you were just talking to Mr. Rogers was like that, times ten. You have a crush on him, don’t you?”
Tony was way past drunk, which meant he couldn’t care less that his Captain America fanboy was showing.
“Considering who you grew up with and the examples you had, you are literally the last human being who should be lecturing me on love,” Steve snapped.
Clint went from joking to serious immediately, as he realized just how panicked Steve was.
He was scared, terrified, of what was to come, but he felt extremely alone. Steve hadn’t given much thought to what he imagined Mason’s birth to be like, but he knew he had never even considered it could be like this. Sitting in a room, seemingly unconscious yet aware of his surroundings, with no one around that he trusted, to tell him that everything would be okay. He heard the clambering of people, talking about anesthetics, and once he lost feeling in the lower half of his body, he knew it wouldn’t be long before Mason was here.
gorgeous in anything other than the shirt he'd put on for that night. It was a long sleeve black satin shirt with a pussybow tie at the neck, and it was the only garment Steve owned that made him feel every bit the beautiful omega Tony always made him out to be.
“Ah, yes,” Ty said, nodding, “That.”
"Oh, yeah that was your gift that I wanted to bring to the holiday gathering but...well I obviously wasn't able to make it."
Tony put his hand on his chest and let out an offended gasp.
“Put your wallet away, Stevie, you know you don’t need to pay me for this.” Steve just gave her an appreciative smile as she moved to stand in front of him.
"No," Steve answered, sternly.
“Listen, you don’t need to thank me. I was hap--it was not trouble, helping you through your heat.”
Pepper stood and walked to the door to see herself out, stopping to turn and share one last thought.
to continue talking about this, I should probably go to sleep. I have a rather important appointment in the morning.”
Sitting here, hand resting on Steve’s belly where their baby was growing, Tony couldn’t help but feel overwhelmed with joy. He let out a small laugh as tears started to well up in his eyes at the thought of his next works.
It had only been a matter of days since Steve’s accident, but in that time Tony had witnessed both the omega and their daughter make amazing progress. Steve had suffered a pretty serious concussion along with the multitude of minor injuries from the accident, but with every passing day, he fought harder and harder for the chance to finally get to meet Mason. It only took four days, and a big of begging on Tony’s part, before he was able to wheel Steve out of his hospital room and into the NICU, where Mason was resting in her incubator.
“Well, Tony now that we’re all here I guess it’s as good a time as any to introduce you to Coraline… my daughter.” He bounced the child gently. “Say hi, Cora.”
The two of them sat there, studying each other. As alphas, they obviously wanted to establish dominance in this situation, but it seemed like they were fighting to establish something else as well.
Steve gave a simple nod, as he gingerly moved to sit across from the alpha. It still felt so surreal to them, to realize that this is what their life would be like forever. They had finally found happiness and they were going to everything in their power to hold on to it until the end of their days. As Tony, cracked open his book and began to read the first few lines of
“It’s open!” he shouted when Tony knocked.
“Ah, you really didn’t have to,” Tony offered, taking a seat and serving himself a plate in spite of his previous statement.
“What if I want it to happen again?”
, Steve thought to himself before finally leaving the car. As he walked into the school, he found his way to the front office, stopping at a desk occupied by a young brunette woman.
“I’m pretty sure your presence is more of a curse than a blessing.”
Howard rolled his eyes at Tony, pushing past him to walk towards the car that was waiting for them.
He felt bad for going off on his friends, but as the only omega in his close group of friends it sometimes felt like they were giving him special treatment due to his gender. He was fully aware that his friends considered him an equal but sometimes his insecurities got the better of him.
The pair of them at on Steve’s couch, mindlessly watching the Game Show network, each seeming to be in their own world, when Tony suddenly turned to look at the blond.
“Steve,” Tony panted. “Wait.”
“Get on the couch. I think I still have some stuff in the bedroom.”
There is a possibly offensive joke during a Cards Against Humanity game. Please don't take it too seriously. It's all in good fun.
Steve?” He asked pointing to the blond before he plucked the notebook out of Clint’s hands. “Oh no, that’s what we won’t be doing today. Unless you want me to figure out how to dock your pay by cutting it in half.” Tony threatened with no venom behind it.
“Baby, baby, baby,” Steve chanted, tugging at Tony’s hair. “I’m gonna come.”
“News flash Cap, you can’t get drunk.”
“On that note, I’m gonna let you get back to your boring homework, while I sit here and have fun watching
“Anthony, I would have thought you’d have got that experimentation out of your system in high school.”
“Just shut up, baby, and let me make you feel good.”
treat me with anything less than the respect someone of my stature deserves,” Howard spat out, trying desperately to keep his composure. Tony just looked up at him, smirking as he sat back in his chair.
With Steve, though, not once had he ever caught him chance a glance at the mechanism keeping Tony alive. He'd waited a long while for that shoe to drop and when it never did, somehow it felt like Tony was able to finally breathe. It was a strange feeling to have, knowing that Steve saw Tony as a whole and not just the various parts that comprised Tony Stark. He’d never felt so seen before in his life and the fact that it was apparent to someone outside of himself was slightly overwhelming.
“So, uh…” Steve began, clearing his throat trying to refocus, “we have a little bit more time before we need to head to the party if you want to just walk around a bit more.”
Steve’s brain was short circuiting; he didn’t know what to say or do now. He’d had no clue that the team had picked up on whatever was going on between him and Tony. It pained Steve to think that their kids had been rooting for them all along, only for things to go by the wayside.
“Ok, so he went into heat. What exactly happened and what is it that you fucked up?”
Tony looked over his shoulder, not wanting to waste time to stop.
Tony got to making carbonara for lunch to keep his mind busy while he waited for his friends to arrive. The second he heard his doorbell ring, his heart began to beat a mile a minute.
Tony whispered. Steve stopped dead in his tracks and turned around.
“Oh,” Steve said, finally taking a moment to stop and think over the question, “I’m sorry, Tony, I didn’t actually ask for the guy’s name. I was too excited to think about that,” Steve said, clearly a little embarrassed.
Using one hand to cup Steve’s balls, he took the other and ran soothing circles on Steve’s hip with his thumb. Every so often, Tony would pull back and place a kiss to the inside of Steve’s thigh.
“See, this is why I talk to you. No matter how much lip you give me, you end up churning out something useful in the end. I don’t care what Rhodey says about you, you’re really not that bad!”
Since the Halloween party, Tony had taken to calling Steve ‘Cap’, in honor of his costume. Prior to that party, Steve would have found the nickname annoying at the least, but now, he found it oddly endearing.
All three friends sat in silence, Pepper and Rhodey clearly finding this funnier than Tony did. He sat there, full pout on his face, until Steve walked through the door.
“At this point is it honestly worth fixing?”
“You’re amazing, Steve,” Tony said, resting his hand on Steve’s cheek. He was about to lean in for a kiss before he felt little pieces of cereal hit his face. Tony turned to see Coraline snickering.
well...sorry 'bout that!
hadn’t truly hit him until this very moment. This was the man who graduated from MIT at the age of 15. This was the man who owned a multi-billion dollar company that helped revolutionize the world. This was the man who was richer than God, who had everything (and anyone) a person could ever ask for at his disposal. Tony was rich, he was famous, he was a certified genius...and yet he’d invited Steve to his workshop…
“We’re going to Mama Lucias.” Tony answered, pulling out of Steve’s parking lot.
“‘S my burfday!” Cora exclaimed to every single person they passed when walking into the restaurant.
“How do you know about Art First?” Steve cringed when he heard his own words.
better, all of it was bullshit and he said as much. Ty didn’t like the idea of being dumped, and promised that Tony would never be able to find anyone who’d love him the way Ty had. In a way, he’d been right. Tony never did find anyone who ‘loved’ him the same way, but mostly because he vowed to never let anyone treat him that way again.
He sat there in slight silence for a few minutes, initially worried, until he heard the mixing of a drink. At the sound of a glass being placed on the counter in front of him, Tony lifted his head, only enough to spot his drink and pull it towards him. He was almost positive he looked absolutely pitiful in this state but he couldn’t care less. He opened his mouth slightly to take in the straw sticking out of his glass. Tony took a sip of the drink, and upon the liquid hitting his tongue, his eyes went wide with delight.
The second they were out of earshot, Tony turned his full attention back toward Howard.
Steve wished he had a picture of the look of pure joy and excitement on his daughter’s face. It was in that moment that he realized that he had nothing to worry about. There was no way this wouldn’t be the best Halloween of Cora’s life.
he quit, I just know that I have the next fourteen days to get him to come back. So, Stark, if you could please get the hell out of my office so I can figure out what the fuck I’m going to do, that’d be great.”
“I’m so glad the story of my near death experience brought you so much joy,” Steve offered with a smile.
"Is something wrong?" Steve asked, suddenly worried that he'd gone too far.
Steve had been applying for jobs all summer, and finally heard back from the Olive Garden, of all places. When it finally came time for his interview, he stood outside. He could hear Cora telling everyone it was her birthday. He could see the proud smile on Tony’s face after he took Cora to the bathroom. His hand felt cold without Tony’s in it. So much was riding on him getting this job and all he could think about was the last time he had been here; when he was happy. Not wanting to be late, he finally took a deep breath and walked in.
"Yep. The whole time," Steve answered, now with an amused smile.
“Sure thing. I’ll see you later,” Tony replied, giving a wave before he turned to head home.
Friday at work came and went, much faster than he anticipated, but the drive seemed never ending. Steve felt as though he had a million thoughts running through his mind, trying to figure out what to say, wondering what his mother would think. He was practically making himself sick with the thought of how terribly this could go. As he pulled into the assisted living facility, he had to remind himself to breath.
“I’d say it’s more so the last two than anything else. I mean I’ve found men attractive before, but never anything like this. It’s just startling that I didn’t see any of it coming. But now after that dream...I don’t know, I feel like that’d be something I might want?”
“I definitely wouldn’t be mad about that,” Steve said, brain finally working again. He took notice of the fact that Tony seemed a little surprised by the set up he’d put together.
It always warned Steve's heart when this happened.
He knocked, lightly, then stepped inside, not waiting for a response. Pepper looked up, slightly annoyed, but greeted him anyway.
It took less than five seconds for Steve to close the distance between the two of them. Almost immediately, Steve found himself pressed up against the wall, Tony’s tongue in his mouth and hands in his shirt, before his brain came back online.
“Alright, well now that that’s settled,” Tony began, “who’s going to tell Clint that we’re not naming our kid after him?”
“Great! This’ll save me a trip having to refill my cup when I’m done. Thanks,” Tony said smiling brightly at the red head. She just rolled her eyes and smiled, handing over the cup.
“Uh, things went well! You left, Cora woke up, we laughed, we played… it was great!” Tony offered, quickly realizing that he sounded as unconvincing as he thought. “Bucky texted you didn’t he?” Tony asked, defeated.
Steve sat outside in his car, waiting for what felt like the right moment to go inside. He’d been sitting there for a solid fifteen minutes, but no matter how badly he wanted to get up to go meet his friends, he couldn’t shake the feeling of nervousness that seemed to overtake him. He initially had his reservations about attending Tony’s party but once he decided to just accept his fate and roll with it, he’d actually become excited to reveal his costume and spend quality time with some of his favorite people. But there was still something nagging at him, telling him that this might not be a good idea.
“Exactly. Peter pulled his weight, now it’s time for you to contribute to this group project.”
“Cora, do you want to tell everyone why you wanted to be a chicken nugget?” Tony asked, picking her up and holder her on his hip.
“Are you sure?” Steve murmured.  “You haven’t had a lot of time to adjust.”
“Promise,” he said, and so Steve let himself fall into the soft nest of pillows and blankets that covered the sofa-turned-bed, grab a pillow and curl himself around it.  He could feel the shivers starting, now that Tony wasn’t there to touch him, but the blankets were warm and soft on sensitive skin, and the pillow in his arms was anchoring, and it all smelled like Tony, so he was still hazy sweet when Tony slid behind him and put his hand on his arm, pulling Steve back enough that he twisted around and smiled up at him, and Tony smiled back and kissed him, lightly.  “Promised I wouldn’t be long,” he said.
, he wanted to ask.  He just wanted it to feel good for him.  Tony was finally letting himself take his own pleasure from him, and that was all Steve wanted to be, the vehicle for that pleasure.  Yeah.  That was what he wanted.
It was warm.  It was so warm, and in moments Steve was tingled all over, flushed hot in the face all over again, bucking against the bonds around his arms, his position, rocking his hips helplessly.  Every movement made his sore rear, his shoulders, burn against the bed, on fire, wonderfully tender and sore. Tony just smiled down at him as he groaned and rocked and shivered under him, his mouth open and panting as moans, loud, needy noises, spilled out of him, wet with saliva that spilled out helplessly, too.  Tony was rubbing at his nipples now, pulling at them, and oh, God, he couldn’t think, there was just pleasure and sensation, every prickling spark of heat in his nipples going straight to his dick, the pleasure as Tony rubbed his thumbs over them and God, his dick was leaking, fat droplets of precome splatting down on Steve’s belly even as he panted and squirmed and the rocking movements of his hips made his dick jump.  He felt so hot, so hot all over.  His backside burned, on fire.  His breast was a stinging glow of radiant heat, a burning sensation that didn’t burn, that almost tickled, and Tony’s hands were massaging into the sensitive flesh, massaging his sensitive, heaving tits until Steve was whining, groaning just at that.
“Stark!” Steve said, and then hugged him around the waist, rolled over, and leaned in to kiss him—but he hesitated, just at the last moment.  “Oh,” he said.  “My mouth’s—”
“Mmm,” Steve said.  He was laving his tongue up and down the underside of Tony’s cock again, and it was so hot and so perfect that Tony found his eyes closing, his head tipping back, moaning helplessly.  “You always swallow for me.”
it,” Tony said, warm and teasing, his voice still a little weary, a little thick and blurred and heavy from his own orgasm.  He slid both hands up, curled his fingers in against Steve’s hands and squeezed.  Steve squeezed back, smiling at the gesture.  He liked that.  Tony holding his hands like that.  Rubbing his thumbs over his knuckles.  He liked that a lot.
“I know you can,” Tony said, sounding rueful again.  “
Steve groaned, his mouth falling open wetly around Tony’s length.  He was doing as Tony had told him, pulling at his cock, stroking himself rough and quick, tugging roughly up over the head, panting against Tony’s cock.  Tony’s fingers twitched in Steve’s soft hair, itching to pull him in close and curl his own hand against that hot cock—he could almost imagine the remembered searing heat of it, the wet slide, the weight and incredible thickness of it in his hand, the soft, impossibly tender, thin skin of Steve under his hand over that steely hardness and the pulse of blood, even the taste and smell of him, sex sweat and musk and the sweet clean scent of plain Ivory soap, the way the taste of it clung to his skin.  Steve was panting now, mouth gone wet and sloppy around Tony even as he sucked determinedly at his cock, and rolling his hips up into his hand, groaning a little low in his throat.  He was definitely close, then—Tony recognized the noises he made.
But the rest of the time, he was rough, tough, treated Steve like he was a—a commodity, a toy to be used, and Steve, he
the hot hardness of his cock against his bottom through the little skirt and garter belt, throbbing and needy.  “Can I do something for you, hot stuff?” he murmured.  “Can I make you feel good?”
“You know the answer to that,” Tony said.  “But don’t make me say it out loud.  It feels disloyal to say it out loud.”
“Hey,” Tony observed. “You’re good at that.”
Steve’s cock felt very hot, hot and needy, throbbing between his legs, against his hip.  He groaned, swiveled his hips helplessly.  He had no idea.
“Yes,” Tony breathed. It was tight, constricting, and he ached if his cock wanted to get hard, but it really was comfortable, no pinching, just that constant, gentle squeeze that grew tight and controlling whenever his cock struggled helplessly, hopelessly, to get erect.  “It’s comfortable.  Feels good.  Feels fine.”
“Yes,” Tony said, and let the heaviness of his sincerity, the aching weight of it, show in the word, despite the way that terrified him, made him shake with the awareness of everything he might have revealed.  “I do.  Come here,
Steve kissed him for a long time, fingers rubbing at the back of his neck, combing through his hair, kissing him deep and slow and hot and soft and gentle, fingers rubbing gently inside him the whole time, against his prostate, and when he pulled back Tony felt dizzy, sweaty and damp, hair falling forward into his eyes.  He slumped against Steve’s chest, his cock really aching now as it struggled against the cage.  He whined, moaned, trembling, rocked his hips back on Steve’s fingers, forward, not even certain of what he was doing, just that Steve’s fingers felt so good, the kisses he was pressing over his cheeks felt good, and his cock hurt, wanted to get hard, desperately wanted to get hard, he
“Well...yeah. You’re in another world when you’re working on the things that mean the most to you, and I thought it’d be nice to be able to show that to you.”
Steve just stood in the hall, looking after the man who was absolutely, definitely
“Nope. Now do your business so we can go tell him that you asked to come to the potty, okay?”
Steve listened as Tony went on, as if it was his first time hearing this information. In reality, Steve had seen the press release a week prior when the news broke. He always stayed up to date on the latest Stark Labs news, not necessarily because he was interested in the company so much as he was interested in the man running it.
“Of course, of course, I understand,” Tony responded, hurriedly.
One of the positives from all of this, though, was that Bruce would visit Tony in his classroom on a daily basis now. Something to do with him wanting to make sure Tony was doing alright. He kind of hated the idea of someone thinking they needed to regularly check up on him, but Tony would never say no to more time with his Bruce.
“Look, I can’t really have you freezing to death out here. Not only do I not know where this restaurant actually is, but I’m pretty sure Natasha would choke me to death with her bare hands if I let anything happen to you, so just take the scarf, and save us both the trouble ok?”
Both Tony and Bruce turned to see Peter standing in the doorway, fiddling with his backpack strap.
Tony found Steve’s sudden shift in behavior odd. But after a moment his eyes went wide with realization. “Steve, honey, no! The sweater is mine, it's not some relic from an ex,” Tony assured him.
Once Steve moved in, though, Tony saw just how minimalistic his boyfriend truly was. He brought next to nothing but the bare essentials along, claiming yet again, that he didn’t need ‘stuff’, all he needed was Tony and he’d have more than enough. That clearly couldn’t have been the case, or at least Tony convinced himself as much. It didn’t take long before Tony was routinely pestering Steve about buying whatever he wanted to make their place seem more like his home as well.
. That’s not just pocket change, and I just… I can’t take something this expensive from you,” Steve said, softly placing the paint set on the living room table. The pair of them stood looking at each other for a moment. Tony genuinely couldn’t comprehend why Steve wouldn’t just take the gift. He
“Babe, listen. You’ve been working your ass off for months, and I know you haven’t really had the chance to work on your art as much as you’d like. I knew that I wanted to buy this for you, so you had incentive to go back to what you really love to do when you have the time, so I saved up all of the money that I got for Christmas to buy this for you. I’m sorry if this is too much, and I’ll take it back if that’s what you truly want, but I just wanted to get something that would show how much I really do love you.”
Tony choked on the sip of water he’d taken. After his coughing fit ended, he looked at Pepper, slightly bewildered.
Pepper volunteered, taking a seat on Tony’s workbench.
That thought had begun to sink in the next morning, until Steve walked into his office to find Tony standing there. Over a week of not seeing the brunet had apparently caused Steve’s memory to go a little fuzzy, because seeing him here, it seemed that Tony was even more gorgeous than he had remembered.
“You ready for today?” Tony asked, opening the door for the blond.
As he rounded the corner, Steve could have jumped for joy at the sight of Pepper sitting next to Tony.
“I’m taking that as license to come in here and talk your ear off, which, you will probably come to regret,” Tony spoke, putting down is payment.
His mouth was stinging and painful and gritty by the time Brock let him up.  He took another swig of his beer bottle, then pushed the butt of it into Steve’s cheek, looking at his glassy eyes, the unsteady way he breathed.  “Mouth’s too dirty to stick my dick in now,” he said, and Steve felt his eyes sting despite himself, even though it was stupid, even though he knew the floor had been dirty.  It was just—he wanted to serve, he
At least he’d learned how to operate a modern laundry machine already, and it didn’t take him long.  Steve made Brock his eggs and bacon, swiping idly at the oil that burned his bare chest, just under one nipple, then brushed his teeth and came back to take his place under the table and sucked Brock off once more before he stood up, pressed a kiss into his mouth.  Brock sighed, arched up into it, squeezed at Steve’s sore backside.  “Good little housewife,” he said, and Steve felt his lips stretch into a smile.
“Going for a billion,” Tony said, lazily.
“Right,” Steve said.  He licked his bottom lip.  His eyes looked very dilated, a little dazed.
“Good,” Tony said, smiling at him, stroking his hand through his hair again.  “Good."
“I’m going to be thinking about that next time,” Tony breathed.  “I swear.  Won’t be able to stop, stop imagining you getting your mouth on me.  God, Steve, you darling, you gorgeous, naughty thing.  You set your jaw and scowl and look all noble and no one would ever dream you were picturing going down on me.  I sure wouldn’t have ever guessed that.”  He scrubbed one hand across his face, bringing his other down to rub at the hot skin of Steve’s jaw.
Tony shivered, all the way down his body, over his shoulders, this time.  “Yes,” he husked out, low and rough.  His fingers curled in against his palms, and Steve reached up, slipped his hand under the fingers of one hand, squeezed.
health, handsome.”
“Oh,” Tony gasped out, breathlessly, feeling warm all over, that clenching heat in his belly, thrumming under his skin.  He swallowed, swallowed again, couldn’t seem to get his breath.  When Steve pulled his thumb away, there was a glistening thread of sticky wetness between the pad of it and the soft wet spot he’d left, visibly soaking through his panties, and Tony moaned, feeling hot and trembling all over.  “Please,” he whispered, and he didn’t even know what he was asking for, begging for, just that he needed it, needed something, needed Steve.
“Still feelin’ good for more?” Steve asked, stroking gently now, along both sides, down over his hips, back over Tony’s hot skin over his bottom, his thighs, rubbing his thumbs up and down the sensitive skin of his inner thighs, too, and smiling as that made Tony shiver and gasp, shuddering under him, slid his fingers up and played them softly over the underside of the curves of Tony’s bottom, stroking up and in and over the soft sensitive skin in between to press in toward his body gently, before he pulled them back, wandered them down his thighs again. Tony was shivering, gasping, moaning at almost every touch.  “I promise, I’ll still go easy.”
Steve pulled off again, panting breaths shivering along Tony’s wet cock, a sharp contrast to the overheated wetness of the tender, sensitive skin.  “You can come wherever you want,” he mumbled.  “Mouth’s good.”
Steve lit up again, and Tony felt an answering warmth in his own chest at the idea that Steve wanted to spend the night in his bed.  He was getting used to that, and every time it felt so good, warm and safe and—and—well, it was just good.  “You got yourself a deal,” Steve said.
“Tony…”
“Hey, is everything ok?” She asked, quickly making her way to Steve’s side, on the couch.
” Natasha replied.
They made their way through several exhibits, stopping to see the sharks and pet the stingrays as they swam by, watching the seals play, and seeing all the exotic Amazon rainforest animals. Once they made it to the penguin habitat, Tony stopped.
, okay?”
of sex--”
“…That you and Pepper are no longer together.”
Tony just rolled his eyes. “Well maybe you can finish telling him one day, but for now you have to come with me so I can introduce you to the coolest students Midtown High has to offer.” As he dragged Rhodey away, Tony met Steve’s eyes and gave a small smile.
“I truly am sorry for all of this, but we couldn’t keep living a lie. I promise you, Tony, that this is all for the best.”
Steve looked up from his computer long enough to notice that there were snowflakes falling from the sky. He only had a few more items to add to the year end review presentation before he could shut everything down to go home for Christmas break. As the Founder of Art First, a small startup that worked to give homeless and underprivileged children access to the arts, Steve was responsible for presenting the year’s progress to the company’s advisors. He was hoping to begin a round of funding, after the holidays, so getting the presentation together beforehand was crucial.
The reality of the situation began to weigh on Tony as he clutched the arc reactor a little tighter.
!” Steve screamed, clutching his chest. “What the hell are you guys doing here?”
“Uh, yeah, I was really just trying to calm my nerves for my first day. Turns out I didn’t really have much to worry about in the first place.”
“Huh?”
“Then have more. I’ll go get our stuff.”
This one is sort of short, so we decided to post it a week early.
“---Are you ok?” he asked, now a little worried again.
Steve simply nodded, before turning towards his computer, to attempt to get some work done. Time moved by slower than usual as the omega waited for the time to come for him to ask Tony for lunch. Resting his head on his desk, Steve heard the sound of footsteps, and shot up immediately, to see Coulson standing beside him.
It felt like an eternity as Tony rode out his orgasm, giving short, half hearted thrusts. When he’d finished, Tony pulled out and practically collapsed on top of Steve, not really caring about the pool of cum he’d fallen on to. They lay there like that for a few minutes before Steve wrapped an arm around Tony, shifting them on to their shoulders, laying face to face. Steve gave a dopey grin that Tony couldn't help but return.
“Daddy, Ony wants ta talk ta me by myself.”
“Whatever, you guys are just jealous I found somebody I like talking to more than you two.”
, Ony.”
“It’s open,” Steve yelled from inside. Tony took a deep breath, wondering if maybe he could ask Steve to just let him nap instead of making fuss over him. It was only his birthday, after all. It had never really been a special day for his family, so Tony didn’t expect anything more from anyone else.
Natasha looked at Tony, clearly trying to size him up and see if he was being truthful. He assumed she found his answer to be sufficient enough, because she finally gave him a sincere smile.
and felt some weird kind of pleased possessiveness, hoping that they never play  for anyone else on that ride again. That song belonged to him and Tony...or at least it belonged to the Steve and Tony that existed before this whole mess.
oh friends, first of all, thanks so much for all of the kind words and kudos! It's been so amazing to see how invested some of you are in this story! Thanks so so much for loving these idiots and little Cora as much as we do, and I hope you enjoy this chapter!!!
“Sorry, I...sorry.”
Steve fiddled with his hands as Natasha looked up at him, seemingly apologetic.
to like him. It was such a simple thing, to actually give a shit about what your crush’s friends thought, and yet, it had Tony practically floating. If he could win over his closest friends, maybe Tony could win Steve over too.
“It’s a programming language. He’s done it before and it’s fucking awful,” Rhodey answered, the trauma from that incident written all over his face.
At that, the smile on Tony’s face falls, and gives way to a warning snarl.
“Why?”
Steve’s jaw set and his nostrils flared. For a brief moment, Tony wondered if the blond was going to hit him. He braced for a blow but it never came. Steve just looked at him for another moment, anger radiating off of him.
“Yeah, really. You're not so bad...for an alpha. Plus Rhodey and Pepper seem like perfectly sane people, so for them to want to be your friend there must be
“What was that text about, then? What happened to ruin everything?”  Natasha asked.
“Why are you stopping?” Steve asked, looking at Tony, pupils blown wide.
“Tony, babe, I am so sorry, but I can’t help you. You’re a smart guy, you’ll figure it out, I’m sure. But I’ve got to get back to work, so good luck.” Tony swore he heard the sound of Pepper laughing uproariously before the line went dead.
the only problem here…”
Tony took a few bites of his scrambled eggs before placing his fork on his plate, and looking right at Steve.
“Well, you are kind of busy growing a baby and all, so I’ll let it slide.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Fine. Navigate the two flights on your own. See if I care,” Tony huffed, mock offended.
get started on admin stuff. Call it a training exercise!”
“So...that was pretty amazing,” Tony said, breathlessly.
“Yeah. But… Steve was sure that we were destined to break up so he just decided to end it now. Is there something inherently wrong about me that makes me unlovable?”
“Don’t you
Tony hummed as he nodded, taking a bite of his bacon. They sat in companionable silence from then on, enjoying their breakfast together. Once done, Steve stood to clear the table. As he moved to place the dishes in the sink, he felt hands circling his waist, going under the apron to caress his hips.
Those were the words Tony remembered saying all those years ago. It seemed after that, Steve understood, and took Tony’s words to heart.
Steve was actually rendered speechless. He’d never seen this side of Tony, so worked up and so angry. He wanted to say that he hated it, but if he was being honest, he wanted to see more of what this Tony had in store.
“Steve...Steve, is everything ok?”
“Well, technically my best friends are Bucky and Sam, who you’ll meet tonight. But yeah, since Nat and Buck have been together for so long, she’s basically like my sister at this point.” Steve said, smiling to himself at that thought.
As the video call screen popped up, Steve took a deep breath.
The smile on Tony’s face fell flat at that.
“I love you,” he mumbled into Steve’s lips.
Rhodey still seemed to struggle to wrap his head around it all.
“Hi,” Rhodey offered with a smile once he reached the brunet, “now answer the question.”
Tony just rolled his eyes and laughed, “You know what I mean, jerk.”
“I’ve dealt with it for this long, so what’s five more months of pretending to be asleep while eavesdropping on your conversations?!”
“Yeah I uh, I listen to this when I’m drawing or painting or even sometimes writing,” Steve said, silently wishing he’d just chosen the work out playlist he has that’s full of metal music.
“Tony?” the woman asked, looking through the log book.
“I dunno,” the blond answered, trying his hardest not to seem unhappy with the offer.
“Sorry for interrupting...that,” Peter apologized.
“Any time, Steve. By the way, you might want to tell Natasha not to go around sharing your address with just anyone. Some crazy woman might show up and try to talk you into giving her best friend a second chance,” Pepper said, giving a wink before leaving.
“I saw lots of moos an’ ducks!”
“You know, I felt the exact same way before I met Rhodey.”
Bruce sighed heavily, before continuing on. “Have you given back his key?”
“I will stay here and see you through this,” Tony offered, “we’ll discuss things later, but first we have to get you through this heat, ok?”
“I genuinely don’t know why I continue talking to you. Every time I come to you for anything, this is what happens and yet I keep coming back hoping you’ll have dialed down the crazy just a little bit,” Tony replied, draping his arm over his eyes as he sat back on the couch.
“Yeah, why not. Besides, I want to get that sad smile off your face.”
Steve looked warily between the two of them before he stood up.
“When can I see her?” Tony asked, eagerness evident in his voice.
She flinched at the hurt she heard in Tony’s voice.
“Tony, Tony, wait. Security cameras.”
“Did he...did he at least ask before…”
Steve lay in bed, his six and a half month pregnant belly resting on the body pillow that he slept with, as his alarm continued to blare. It had been a month and a half since he and Tony split, and with every passing day, life seemed to get a little easier to manage.
?!” Tony asked, incredulously.
“Are you sure about this? About me? We still haven’t bonded yet so if you’re having any doubts--”
“You missed it. You missed hearing this baby’s heartbeat; seeing them for the first time. It was the best moment of my life, because it confirmed that this wasn’t a dream and that this baby is real and you missed that.”
It seemed as though Steve was trying to remember a speech that he had rehearsed.
Tony wanted desperately to ask what was wrong, but it was obvious Steve didn’t want to share. Every so often, he’d glance at Steve. Eventually Tony gave in and attempted to make small talk.
“Thanks,” Tony admitted, bashfully. He leaned forward and kissed Coraline’s name. “And this one is you.”
“I know I didn’t have to but I...I figured I needed to say thank you somehow.”
“Hi, yes, I’m Steve,” he said as he stood to shake the man’s hand.
“Bye little Corabelle, I hope Santa brings you everything you wanted this year,” he whispered, leaving a kiss on her forehead as she slept in her car seat. He gingerly closed the door and stood to look up at Steve.
motion.
Steve reached down to gently take hold of Tony’s face before kissing him softly. “You’re amazing,” he whispered, resting his forehead on the brunet’s.
,” Cora reminded. “And I want deese ones.”
Steve let out a breath he hadn’t known he’d been holding.
The alpha was set to return home in a couple of days, and while on his trip, he would text to check in as much as his busy schedule would allow, but Steve missed him immensely. There were times when Steve would think about Tony, and Bug would kick him, seemingly as hard as he could, and for a while, the omega thought his daughter was trying to let him know that she missed her dad just as much. Thought it seemed like she was trying to kick a hole in his stomach to escape out into the world, Steve really did cherish those moments, and promised to share the story with Tony the second he got home.
“Then there’s the matter of school. I can pull some strings and reorganize both of our schedules around hers, so that way we--”
“Is she…”
“Horny little shit,” Tony grabbed the lube off of the table where it had been placed by whoever set up the room. He popped the cap before looking up at Steve.
“So, I’m just going to be upfront; you’re both interested in each other. Instead of me being the go between, I want the two of you to sit here and talk this out.”
His mom developed Multiple Sclerosis when he was in middle school and it had steadily been getting worse. When Steve graduated college, it had become apparent that she would need to live in a community where someone could look after her. Having his mom live there gave Steve peace of mind, knowing that if she had a flare-up someone would always be there to help her, but the distance did weigh heavy on him. He tried to make it out to her every other Sunday, but with his two jobs now, that made things a little difficult. This would be Steve’s first visit since starting at
He gave a small laugh at that, genuinely appreciating how ridiculous Carol was on a daily basis. Steve looked out the window, admiring the buildings and the people, a view that seemingly never got old. As the cab came to a stop at a red light, Steve decided to browse the web on his phone to look for some nursery ideas before brunch. Once the cab began to move again, Steve looked up just in time to see the car before it slammed into them.
