“You have no idea what the hell I’m feeling, Sam” Dean bit out more harshly than was intended.
Sam nods
Sam places a reassuring hand on Castiel’s shoulder
Dean wiggled his brows “oh hell yeah”
“Can I bring you anything back?”
Cas thrusted into the tight tunnel created by Dean’s fist, Dean’s eyes transfixed on his thigh muscles
Dean took a few tentative steps closer, a clearer view of the body in the corner taking shape. Still rocking, still huddled, still not paying attention to Sam nor Dean. Dean felt his blood start rushing in his ears, his heart pounding against his rib cage.
“Apologise” he managed to croak out
“It’s a concern, yes. But, I understand”
“You and me”
Castiel paces back and forth outside of Dean’s hospital room, contemplating his next move. Sam sits opposite in one of the three plastic chairs, watching Cas pace like an agitated lion.
Dean’s eyes flick sharply toward Cas for the first time, his voice hard as he spoke
Castiel kept his eyes focused forward, watching the impala swallow the road beneath its tyres.
Three rooms stood to the south side of the building, two of the doors locked down with chains. Sam and Dean tossed a look toward eachother as movement sounded from the centre room.
Cas carded his fingers through Dean’s hair
“Sammy, listen to me. You need to get those boys and get them some place safe, do you hear me?”
Dean ran his hands through his hair, not looking at Cas
“You did.” Dean shut his eyes and relished in the closeness of Cas.
Sam reached over to the small shelf beside the bed and retrieved Dean’s phone, placing it on his chest
“Why are we here?” He asked Dean, confusion across his face. Dean pulled the keys from the ignition
“I’ve been thinking about it for awhile y’know?”
“Hey...uh...do you want to go for a ride, there’s something I’d like to show you”
“Ever since I was about 13 or 14, I’ve been attracted to other men just as much as I have girls” He’d said it. It was out and he hadn’t started Apocalypse attempt number 5,432. “I’ve never acted on it, that’s not something a son of John Winchester would do” He risked a look at Castiel who was watching him with nothing but compassion and love adorning his features. Knowing Cas was listening was encouragement enough for him to continue talking
“Shut up, Sam” Dean quips
“What you needed? Dean, I don’t understand”
“I am when it comes to us” Dean said, leaning down and pulling Cas’ plush lower lip between his teeth. “I was about to start without you, watching you lie here, the sweat dripping down your chest. You have no idea what that does to me” Dean said as he trailed a finger across Cas’ chest, circling a nipple just how he knew Cas liked. Cas didn’t take his eyes off Dean’s face, never failing to be stunned by his beauty
“I love you, also”
The breath Dean didn’t know he’d been holding escapes him, the blood rushing in his ears. He merely nods because apparently the ability to form words is lost on him and so he leans in and presses his lips to Cas’. It starts chaste and sweet, Dean curls his fingers into Cas’ shirt, needing to anchor himself to this moment. Cas takes that as permission to deepen the kiss, intensifying it with the sensual sweep of his tongue against Dean’s, enticing a small whimper to leave Dean’s lips and swallowed by Cas’
“Sexuality isn’t black and white, Dean, you don’t need to label yourself”
“What did Jack mean?”
“Heya, Cas”
“Do you like that, Cas? Does that feel good?” Dean gripped him a little more firmly working off what he knew he himself liked.
“What?” Dean answered sharply, not in the mood for anymore conversation.
“Cas, how are you here?”
“Cas, I— I need to say something, something I didn’t  have the chance to before” he said as he stepped away so he could look at Cas. Cas felt immediately bereft.
“I said who are you?” Sam repeated
“Take care of my baby”
“Man, I hope you can hear me”
Dean lay back and trained his eyes on Castiel
“There’s nothing better than that feeling”
“I probably wouldn’t leave the life completely, maybe do a version of what Bobby did, I dunno.” He traced patterns over Cas’ abdomen “I just want a better future, you know? You, me. This place. A kid or two” he shot a look up to Cas, saying that last part quietly
“Open your eyes”
Two weeks. It had been two weeks since Castiel had been back. Two weeks of awkward silence. Two weeks of furtive glances. Two weeks of adjusting to his new humanity. Two weeks of mourning his grace. Two weeks, 8 hours and 42 minutes of longing for the return of Dean’s friendship. They exchanged pleasantries enough, like they were strangers in the street. It left a hollow feeling within Castiel’s chest. He exiled himself to his room, keeping to himself, every day waking with a new hope that today may be the day that Dean would wish to talk. Each day passed without event. And without Dean.
“Jesus Christ, look at us. Looks so hot, Cas. You look so hot”
Cas looks at him then
“Cas?” He whispers out, why he is whispering he doesn’t know. He pushed the sheets away from his body, searching for his jeans in the darkness of the room. He comes across a pair that are marginally too small, he realises they are Cas’. He leaves the fly open and forgoes a tshirt, too focused on finding Cas. He wouldn’t leave, would he? What if, after what happened between them he decided Dean wasn’t what he wanted after all? The panic was now radiating throughout Dean’s body as he padded across the bedroom and out of the door. The sight of Castiel in the kitchen with his back to him stopped him in his tracks, the relief that he was here almost flooring him. He was having a quiet conversation with Miracle, feeding him something from a small paper bag. Before he considered it, Dean’s legs were quickly carrying him across the kitchen towards Castiel. He reached him in a few swift steps and he was turning him in his arms. Without a word he crushed his lips to him kissing him with an almost aggressive desperation he’d never felt. It wasn’t sexual, this was emotional. He had Castiel’s face in his hands, holding him steady as the kiss deepened painfully. Cas was pulling away but this only spurred Dean on.
++++++++++++++
Cas sighs. “Yes, Dean. But that is not of importance. I feel I need to redeem myself to you, and I shall, if you give me the chance” Cas risked a look in Dean’s direction. Their gazes held for Dean didn’t know how long. His fingers twitched into the fabric of his bedsheets, desperately wanting to reach out to Castiel.
Cas cuts him off with a searing kiss, it’s deep and it’s desperate. Dean’s teeth clamp down on Cas’ full lower lip, pulling it between his teeth.
“I won’t. It’ll be a ‘Milk Run’ as you say”
Dean nodded shyly “would you?”
Dean managed with difficulty to lean up and continue his strokes of Cas’ length
“I love you too, Dean” those words were like a catalyst to Dean, every time. They unfurled a burning arousal in the pit of his stomach. Cas trailed open mouthed kisses along Dean’s neck, his fingers getting lost in Dean’s hair, which he had allowed to grow out along with a weeks worth of stubble. Cas loved this version of Dean. Relaxed and care free. They’d made a haven for themselves here over the last two months. Fixing up the cabin, gradually adding things that was them without either of them mentioning it. Dean a turnstile and vinyls. Cas had a bonsai tree project going and art work on the walls. It was beginning to feel like a home. Their home.
Sam just stared, fear evident in his face.
“What would be the point? It wouldn’t change anything”
Cas didn’t speak. He leaned away from Dean and pulled his shirt over his head, discarding it to the floor. He pulled at the hem of Dean’s Henley indicating that he wanted it off. Dean obliged and suddenly there was skin on skin. Dean’s fingers played and twisted in Cas’s hair whilst Cas’s lips teased at the column of Dean’s theoat. In Dean’s fantasies, he imagined that Cas would be nervous and timid but he was wrong. Cas in reality was confident and assured and Dean was shocked but certainly not displeased to find he was more than happy to be submissive.
“What did you do?”
“Hello, Dean”
“Oh deary me” Says the entity, clucking his tongue against the roof of his mouth “it seems your little pet is calling out for you, my friend. How interesting”
Dean’s hand trailed down the length of Cas’ body until he reached his knee, hooking a hand underneath and pulling it up around his back so he could slot their bodies in tighter together. That was the thing with Dean, he liked to feel Cas everywhere. He was desperate for more but he wasn’t ready yet and that was ok, for now they had this. Hot skin against hot skin. Cas reached up to press their lips together in a searing kiss, his tongue being granted the entry he was seeking. Dean moaned softly as the taste of Cas began to intoxicate him
“I’d like that”
Cas leaned forward and pressed his lips firmly to Dean’s
“Fair enough” Sam said “If you’re sure you’re ready, let’s do this” Sam tossed his bag over his shoulder and threw the impala keys at Dean.
“Please. Just let me talk, man.”
“Hi Daddy!!” Bobbi shoulted waving awkwardly from beneath her water wings
“What are you doin’ out here all by yourself?”
Cas stands silently in the doorway, Dean’s eyes flitting between his brother and Castiel.
Dean squeezed his eyes shut
“It’s just the first job in a year, Dean. Your first  since Cas...and it’s a big one, maybe you should start with a smaller hit for now”
“Are you ready to do this?” Sam asks him. Castiel doesn’t answer as he swiftly gets out of the car “I guess so” Sam adds more to himself, catching up to Cas as he makes his way to the entrance.
“Look at me, Dean” Cas said softly
“If that’s what my baby wants” Dean smiled
“I’m heading to bed, I’ll see you tomorrow”
“Of course, Dean”
“You are damaged and broken and so am I. But so are shooting stars and comets.” Cas said as he stole a look at the stars.
“I like that idea. But as much as I enjoy Sam’s company, I think I’d like it to be just you and me.”
“I know how you see yourself, Dean”
Dean’s head was fucked. Just massively fucked. Cas was back. He’d fantasised about this, saw it every time he closed his eyes. He pictured embracing Cas in the most fierce of hugs, he imagined, like he had so many times over the years, grabbing his face and kissing him senseless. What he hadn’t imagined was the burning rage which he currently felt towards him. A rage that he couldn’t shake. It was contradicting what he really wanted to do - hold him and tell him he was missed. Tell him to never leave again, to stay. Just....stay. But he couldn’t. He couldn’t even look at him. And he wanted to. God, did he want to. But he just couldn’t. If he did, he was afraid that he would disappear, be a mirage, a figment of his fucked up imagination. Dean scrubbed a hand over his stubbled face. He was drained, physically and mentally exhausted. A soft knock raps on the door, Dean didn’t need to ask who it was. His belly flipped in a way he hadn’t felt in the last 6 months as Cas appeared in the door way, his eyes sad and weary. It caught Dean somewhere below his ribs that he really didn’t want to pay too much attention to right now.
Cas turns to Dean.
Dean swallows audibly feeling slightly shy when an idea comes to him
“Yeah sure” Dean replied dismissively
Cas returning
Dean doesn’t bother to pull back the covers as he carefully slides his body down on to his beloved memory foam mattress, his body almost groaning in relief as it moulds to his aching limbs.
“What?!” Dean snapped in Sam’s direction
“Stop deflecting, why are you here?”
The rumble of the impala grabbed his attention and he rushed to the door, down the steps.
“So you’re awake, Mr. Seger”
Castiel’s fingers toyed at Dean’s belt buckle
Bravery manifested itself in many different ways. Sometimes it involved giving your life for something of a greater magnitude than yourself, or giving it up so someone else could live. Sometimes it involved giving up everything you have ever known, your family, your faith, everything you thought was the Devine truth. Sometimes it was rebelling against heaven and your father. All for something far greater. SomeONE far greater, far more righteous.
“Sam quit being a mother hen and just get me out of here, I’ve made up my mind”
“No shit, Sam. It’s like I haven’t been doing this shit for 30 years, it’s like —“
“Cas?” He breathed in disbelief
“Everything you do, you do for love”
“What about your nap?”
“May I sit?” He asks quietly. Dean nods and watches as Cas sits at the end of his bed, folding his hands in his lap with a sigh. Dean notes he looks tired and he couldn’t help the twist of concern coiling in the pit of his stomach.
“I’m not talking about the car, Cas” Dean tossed over his shoulder, as he walked away, not wanting to watch Cas leave.
“Cold,” Castiel says, and Dean disappears to another room with quick efficiency, returning barely a minute later with a glass of water. Something about it unknots just a little of the tension that’s coiled tight around his chest.
Castiel doesn’t need to look over at Dean to know that Dean is watching him attentively, hanging on his every word. It makes it harder to focus on putting his memory into words, but he does his best. “We talked for a little bit,” he says, “but mostly I gave your mother space to say goodbye. She stayed with you until she was ready to pass over, and then… and then she made me promise to look after you. After that, she left, and then
,” he groans, curving his other hand against Dean’s skull as those lips work their way along the line of Castiel’s aching erection. “Definitely a better use,” he mutters quietly, and Dean pulls back long enough to smirk before there are fingers curling around the waistband of Castiel’s underwear and shoving them down past his hips.
Dean elbows him in the side, and the yawn dissolves into the teasing grin that Castiel had been hiding. “Show off,” Dean mutters, and then the two of them stop bickering and listen to what Sam is saying.
Castiel has lost everything, and so the world should lose everything.
The note of happiness that had been growing in his chest suddenly sours. “I don’t know about that,” he says quietly, dropping his gaze to the floor. “I’m the one who told the police about all that,” he confesses. “It turns out that my mother had been donating to the museum, on the proviso that I was promoted. Eventually, they were going to promote me above you, because they didn’t like that you were a sub. But… I don’t deserve to be any kind of manager, not even an assistant one, because the only reason I got to where I am right now is because of that
“Alright,” he says, taking a deep breath and squaring his shoulders. “I’m good. No more questions. Wherever you’re taking me, let’s go.”
No matter how many times he puts Dean’s collar on him, or sees Dean wearing the bracelet that holds such a powerful meaning, it’s a feeling that never gets old.
Castiel has never been a man of faith.
Castiel isn’t sure if this is the worst or best idea he’s ever had, but he can’t stop himself from leaning in and kissing Dean again.
No, it's better for them to just keep living in their fantasy, for as long as they can. As long as Dean keeps receiving letters from C, as long as he still has their friendship, that's enough. He can keep secretly pining, his heart aching for someone he can never have, and maybe one day...
“The cloth?” Dean asks, his brow furrowing, and Castiel barely manages to suppress his sigh.
even, and now Castiel feels as though he’s been knocked so far off-kilter that he doesn’t have any hope of finding his normal again. He’s shaky, unbalanced, and his thoughts keep returning, over and over, to Dean’s words—
The stereo sits by the door; Dean turns it down by half, which is still loud enough to drown out most of his thoughts. “You’re making such a fucking mess,” he grumbles in lieu of a hello, kicking his shoes off by the door.
For a second, he’s breathless, knocked off-kilter in a way he hasn’t felt for a very long time.
“I like your shirt.”
This time, when he blinks back into existence in the living world (for most people, anyway), the sun is well on its way to setting.
, he thinks, and the words are right there on the tip of his tongue, but—
Deep breath in…
. What a cocky motherfucker.
“You okay?” Dean asks, but to his credit, he doesn’t once look away from the handful of wires he’s managed to expose in the boat’s dash.
. But he needs distance, and he may be shit at acknowledging what he needs, especially when it comes to any sort of relationship, but avoidance is (unsurprisingly) something he’s pretty decent at.
In his last months before his demon deal is up, Dean meets with a fortune teller.
When Dean pulls a single scrap of fabric out of the pocket of his waistcoat, Castiel almost groans out loud.
, he thinks to himself, making sure that he’s definitely not going to topple over before he carefully lets his fingertips fall away and straightens up.
Castiel has had a hand in creating many things.
Secret Service agent Dean is called in to see the President.
“You can prepare the dessert and bring it through to the living room,” he decides—still keeping control, but letting Dean have his small moment of pushback. Fucking hell, this is hard. “I’ll be waiting there, and we can eat our dessert while we watch Netflix—
But not long after the first time that Dean crossed the President’s path, he was promoted to the recon team, and then to the inner team, tasked with being President Novak’s personal bodyguards. Being around the President more often makes it easier for Dean to talk to him (he’s
They sneak away towards the end of the party, wandering hand in hand down the hill to where the waves lap against the shore.
“Good. Give me your address, and I’m going to bring over some stuff so that we can make dinner, then we can have a chat about all this. Sound good?”
Show some love to the original
The most movement Castiel is capable of is getting rid of the condom and grabbing a few tissues to wipe Dean’s come off his skin, and then he collapses right back onto the bed beside Dean. They should really shower, considering the sweat Castiel can feel drying on his skin, but right now, he can’t be bothered.
everyone.
“There wasn’t anything wrong with your bed,” he says, and leaves it there, because he doesn’t know what else to say. Instead, he diverts. “How did your code-cracking go?”
“Fuck, you’re funny,” Dean mutters with a grin, then tosses back the rest of his drink. Castiel can’t remember the last time anyone called him funny, and it makes him a little proud. He can’t help but smile, watching as Dean places his empty glass down beside Castiel’s.
Except for one thing.
“Oh god,” he chokes out, trying to keep from spluttering. People voluntarily drink this stuff, and
Sam snorts. "Yeah, right," he says, prompting an indignant "Hey!" from their passenger in the backseat.
it, god does he want it, but not quite like this.
, Castiel thinks to himself, but he doesn’t say it.
, they mouth at each other.
They've been friends for ten years, after all. Even though they've never met, C is Dean's best friend, the person he's closest to out of anyone.
decided to venture down from Heaven in order to explore Earth and be partnered to a hunter, and it’s infuriating.
There, standing waist-deep in the water as though he’s
Most of the time, it’s quiet, but sometimes it’s loud, so loud that Dean can hardly concentrate. Can hardly hear himself. And it’s always,
, he thinks to himself, then says, “Okay.”
Castiel runs his fingers through Dean’s hair, over and over again, and they sit together, and they breathe, and Castiel loses himself in it just as much as Dean does. It’s relaxing, and Castiel leans back in his chair and lets himself appreciate the calm and the quiet.
So he sits on his front step with his diary and alternates between writing and looking up at the stars, filling page after page with whatever comes to mind. So much of it is about Cas—about the possibility of a new beginning, a spark of happiness where there had been none before, about his sense of humour and awkward grumpiness and everything that Dean likes about him. The words flow when he writes about Cas, and before he realises, time has crept well into the early hours of the morning, and his eyelids are drooping.
They linger on the edge of the crowd, watching the parade of people who walk past clothed in rainbows, cheering and dancing and radiating such joy that Castiel feels himself get swept up in it. These humans, so proud of who they are, so strong in their beliefs and their identity…
Because when the man yells, “Out you come, boys!”, out of the shadows walk two very familiar men. They step into the sickly glow of the streetlight and stand side by side, posture perfectly straight. There’s a glazed look in their eyes, and Castiel realises that they’re well and truly under this man’s spell.
the inviting, calming aura of the sanctuary.
Dean is standing in the hallway, a takeout bag in his hand and looking devastating in a leather jacket, jeans, and boots, but the thing that really makes Castiel weak at the knees is the way Dean’s expression changes as they make eye contact. His eyes soften, his smile widens, and he looks
He will never choose the easy path.
“Night, Cas.”
Which is why, all seventy-three pages in hand, he finds himself knocking on the door to his neighbor’s apartment approximately two hours later.
towards Dean, and move on, and it’s that thought that keeps him going as he tidies his apartment, puts himself through some very low-effort yoga, shaves his beard growth and finally gets dressed for his appointment.
Both other-Dean and Castiel stare at him for long time, and Dean is acutely aware of the fact that he’s being sized up, the truth of his words weighed. He does his best to hold his ground, resisting the urge to fidget in his chair beneath the two pairs of eyes. He’s not lying, just… bending the truth a little. He hopes they see that.
To have Dean go to all this effort for him, to bring along his favourite things and decorate for his birthday and even bring him a
He squeezes his fists, takes a deep breath in, then exhales and heads back to the Impala to unpack.
So in the end, although it's clear that Cas is expecting some sort of negative reaction, all that Dean says is, "That's cool."
Cas pushes Dean against the wall, hands fisted in his jacket, body warm and solid. “You
“You didn’t use the pass I gave you.”
Dean arrives just before six, standing in the hallway of Castiel’s apartment with a bag of groceries and that smile which has consumed Castiel’s thoughts ever since they first met. “Heya, Cas,” he says. “How are you?”
He was expecting artifact information. A journal. A book of spellwork, even.
Because it makes sense now. Every time he’s looked at an aesthetically pleasing person, it hasn’t made a difference to him, but Dean is different.
His sub is so beautiful, standing there with his hands still obediently clasped behind his back, his erection unwavering and the hint of a blush warming his cheeks. “Incredible,” Castiel whispers, sitting back on his heels to simply admire his sub for a moment. “You are so stunning, Dean.”
Well, then. Where the hell does he start with that?
It’s the first thing that comes to Dean’s mind, and the thing he’s been wondering ever since the beginning of their conversation. Everybody here has a goal, a reason, a motivation. What’s his?
All it takes is a thought, and he feels the atmosphere shift. Slowly, he lowers his gaze.
The feeling that courses through Castiel is one that he’s never experienced before. It’s jealousy, and protectiveness, and anger, and it bubbles up inside his veins so quickly that he barely manages to catch himself before he says or does anything that he’ll regret.
As soon as he’s sure that his unseen assailant is really gone, Castiel whips his gun out and whirls around, hands shaking against the grip as he tries to figure out where the hell that voice had come from, and how it had managed to make that man do
Castiel’s world feels as though it’s been turned upside-down.
it without bringing out a part of me that I’m afraid of.”
How much longer can he survive like this? And even beyond that, once Dean has passed on…
Dean’s expression turns confused and skeptical, but he does as Castiel asks anyway. Castiel takes his hands and guides him up off the bench, then starts to lead him down the path, towards the front gate. With every step they take, his anticipation grows, and he desperately hopes that Death has carried through on his promise.
“Who are you?”
He knows what it means, and he wishes that Dean wouldn’t feel so guilty about a longing that is only human.
When the waiter comes back, he orders something arbitrary and hopes that it turns out to be okay. Dean gets ‘the usual,’ whatever that is, and then Andy is taking Castiel’s menu from him and he no longer has anywhere to hide.
The man smiles, as though amused by the question. “Many people call me by many different names,” he says. “I am Anubis. I am Minos. I am Yama. But you… you may call me Castiel, for that is my true name, and I desire to hear it from your tongue.”
Castiel can’t help but laugh as Dean swears, regains his footing, then looks up at Cas with a grin. “Goodbye, Dean. Please don’t turn up in a cast this Saturday,” he says, pitching his voice to carry across the distance between them.
There’s something about Dean, today. A tension, a longing, something
as an excuse to get close to the attractive artist.
The first thing he sees are more memories of the dark-cloaked man, opening the book and writing in it over and over—Alastair, Dean had said. Not the one they’re looking for right now. Not the mastermind behind the amulet theft.
“I’ve wanted this for so long,” Castiel breathes. “To be able to touch you. To hug you. I—I dreamed about it so many times, but I never really
“Let’s get this over with,” Dean mutters, and while the playfulness is gone, his intensity never wavers. He always looks at Castiel with that single-minded focus and
Dean looks him up and down, as though he can’t take enough of him in at once, and then he steps closer—
He’s clearly lost in thought as he sips at his tea and lets the bacon cook, so Dean makes his way over on quiet feet. He must not be quite quiet enough, though, because when he slides his arms around Cas’s waist and rests his chin on Cas’s shoulder, the only reaction he gets is a gentle hum. Cas leans back into Dean’s embrace just a touch, and murmurs, “Morning, love.”
talk about my mom,” he snaps, cutting Castiel off. “You have no fucking right. All the times I could have visited her, if not for…”
His lessons aren't meant to be until this afternoon, but as soon as breakfast is over, Dean is running through the castle to the library and bursting into his tutor's office.
“It needs the firm hand of a Dominant,” Naomi continues. “Even if my son has much to learn about being a Dominant, that is.”
They’d already known that they’re pretty evenly matched, and that just becomes clearer as they continue to spar, trading a few glancing blows but not enough to properly hurt or incapacitate. They’re too quick for that, too adept, and Dean finds himself breathing hard but buzzing with the adrenaline that accompanies a
joke.
a lot, and in the times when he knows it will be a while until Dean is next able to visit, when he feels the most alone and misses his friend…
Castiel’s apartment is nice, a little fancy, but it’s definitely not what Dean is paying attention to—not when Castiel closes the door after them and immediately pins Dean up against it with his body. His hands curve around Dean’s jaw, the back of his neck, and then they’re kissing and Dean would be powerless to resist even if he wanted to.
It’s only much, much later, once he’s alone in his cemetery again, that Castiel realizes that Dean, and whatever he’d had planned with his grave, could have been his ticket to finally getting out of here.
pressing on Dean’s mind that this is
, is all he has time to think before Novak shifts up on his knees, wraps his fingers loosely around the base of Dean's cock and takes him into his mouth.
It had been such a nice evening,
Castiel shrugs, allowing himself a pleased smile at Dean’s decision. “Of course. But—“
is that supposed to mean?
And now Castiel knows his first order of business for the day. “One coffee, coming right up,” he says, and Dean’s laughter follows him as he makes his way back out into the kitchen in order to sort out their breakfast.
"Cas," he warns, tipping his head back and tugging at Castiel's hair for an entirely different reason now. "Cas, I—I'm gonna—"
behind his eyes that suggests that he might be able to keep up with Cas instead of slowing him down.
“Welcome back,” it gloats with a smirk. “We were hoping to find the angel, but we’ll settle for you instead.”
He sees new people all the time—it’s par for the course of living in a cemetery—but this person strikes him as different. He’s tall, almost shockingly so, but he stands as though there’s a weight resting on his shoulders and crushing him into the ground. His face is haggard; he looks
It’s the most he’s ever meant those two words, and from the way Dean holds his gaze, his expression slowly softening into a tiny, grateful smile, he knows Dean can feel the weight of them too.
Just for tonight.
“Cas?” he asks, looking around at the vague area where Castiel is kneeling.
Dean reacts faster than Castiel would have thought possible, and suddenly he’s staring down the barrel of a pistol, the sound of the gun cocking incomparably loud in the silence of the night.
The first time Castiel is able to put a name to his emotions, they’re driving through the middle of nowhere on their way back to the bunker after a hunt.
Castiel Novak follows the coffin holding his body with a heavy heart.
A grim. Castiel is a
“Fuck, Cas, I’m so happy right now, I could kiss you.”
the item—something constantly in contact with the target’s skin, touching the things in their world and doing part of their seeing for them? They’re the
The clock strikes 12, the first second of the morning of the 18
“Why could you possibly be here, Charlie?” he asks, somewhat rhetorically and more than partly to himself. The faint sound of music is starting to filter in through his window as the sun sets, marking the beginning of the ball.
The silence between them hangs heavy in the air. Castiel is the one to break it.
There’s someone out there for him. Someone with love in their eyes and flowers on their arm to match Dean’s. Someone he can fall in love with, see the world with, live his life with. And he
There’s another
He stops, holding onto the string of his balloon, and looks over at the old, boarded-up house. The weathervane is turning wildly, and he can still hear the voice. It sounds young, like his.
Cas lifts one of his wings a little, and there’s a look in his eyes that is amused and inviting but with an undercurrent of
But when he stands by his father’s deathbed, finally free of the chains that have restricted him his whole life…
One hundred and seventy-two years and sixteen days. It doesn’t feel like his birthday party was just over two weeks ago. How happy and carefree he’d been, on that day.
Just as he’s about to give up, as he’s about to say
Dean gets the message, loud and clear. His fingers clench and unclench, and then he shudders as he lowers his hands, gripping the couch cushions instead. Castiel smiles around his cock, and rewards him by beginning to bob his head.
It burns like fire, like ice, like an
Dean’s eyebrows raise, and even though there’s sadness and a touch of confusion in his expression, he still makes an effort to smile. “I dunno what’s so important that you have to tell me, but if it’s about how you’re a ghost,” he jokes, “I’ve got some bad news for you.”
Cas huffs against Dean’s lips, but something in his scent sharpens, and the touch of his hands becomes more direct. Dean groans as Cas’s fingers wrap around him where he’s hard and aching, letting his head thud back against the ground for a moment. Cas’s lips, the touch of his hands, it’s so much, and Dean just lets himself be overwhelmed by it.
Guarded.
It doesn’t take him long to go through the administrative part of his day, and then he’s free to disappear off to his booth to set things up for the day ahead. Castiel always likes to make sure that the control and live rooms are both neat and properly organized for what he needs to record, and today is all vocals. He’s still tinkering with his console when there’s a knock on the door outside.
“I’ve been ready for a while now, young man. Whisk me away.”
There’s no telling how long they stay there for, trading kisses in the slowly-darkening alleyway, but when they finally separate, Dean is grinning breathlessly, and Cas is practically
“Would you like a drink?” he asks, as they scoop meat and vegetables onto their respective plates and then swap them.
It works surprisingly better than he’d intended. By the time the shadows are starting to lengthen across his apartment, he’s gotten a whole chunk of work done, and with minimal interruptions or distractions by errant and unwanted thoughts. He’d had to get up a few times, for food and whatnot, but mostly he’s been absorbed in his work.
No, he goes to the farmers’ market because of the beekeeper.
“Dean? Is everything okay? Sam says you’ve barely left your room today?”
But whoever it is, he has to find them, and
Dean hums, and leans in to kiss Cas again—just because he can. "What, you thought I'd reject you?" he murmurs, and shakes his head disbelievingly when Cas shrugs his should as if to say
just came out of Novak’s mouth. He’s being removed? What? Why?
Other things, though, capture his interest more. Most of his knowledge is gleaned from eavesdropping on those who visit his cemetery. He’s uninterested in idle gossip between friends or family members, but hoards pieces of trivia like they’re made of gold.
The parking lot is empty. Abandoned. Overhead, the moon shines feebly through the obscuring veil of cloud, and the single strongest point of light emanates from a dusty streetlamp, washing over the cracked pavement.
He pushes back the covers and rolls out of bed, and despite Castiel’s resolve to wait to examine his thoughts until after they’ve retrieved the amulet… the sight of Dean, naked and beautiful in the cool morning air, weakens his willpower just a little. He swallows thickly, and makes sure to avert his eyes until Dean has left the bedroom and he can hear the sound of the shower running through the thin walls.
“About… you helping me,” he says—he can’t quite get the words out, not yet. “How does this… this
Dean inhales, considering his answer, then sighs out his breath. “Okay,” he decides. “It still hurts, but it’s a… far away pain. Whatever you gave me, it’s working.”
Dean lets himself sink to the ground, crumpling into a ball against stone and wood and curling his arms around his knees. He'd known, he'd
“Holy fuck,” Sam yelps, as Castiel’s hand phases through his shin. It’s not a pleasant feeling, especially not when done slowly and deliberately like Castiel had just done, and behind him, Castiel hears Dean snort. “Quiet,” he says gently over his shoulder, because Sam is already speaking.
Immediately, Dean nods, and this time, the determination in his eyes is different. Focused. His hands return to their firmly-clasped position behind his back, and Castiel barely has time to steel himself before Dean is taking more of his length into his mouth and properly getting to work.
Carefully, and with a surreptitious glance around to make sure that the
For a moment, though, Dean is worried that the sharp rebuttal will piss Cas off, but instead he just feels the alpha huff a laugh against his mouth. The grip on his hair eases, and instead, he redoubles his efforts on getting Dean’s pants off.
And that’s where he leaves it—it’s already more than he’d planned to share.
“I think I’m good to keep going,” he tells Dean, resisting the urge to fidget beneath his gaze. The half-finished tattoo on his elbow still aches, and he doesn’t think the pain is going to be able to distract him, but he really just wants to get this appointment over with. He has a lot to think about when he gets home.
The smile becomes wider, more solid. “I know.”
“You know I can’t resist,” Castiel says into Dean’s hair, because he
“Only because the apartment is always already trashed,” he growls. He’s about to make his way over to the cupboard where he keeps his alcohol—numb, numb, numb—but Castiel catches his eye across the room. He’s blue and brown and tan, cigarette dangling from his fingers and a quiet challenge in his eyes.
The biggest rivals of the Krushnic Bratva, and Castiel let one of them walk straight onto his turf just because he was pretty.
. “Why did you want to see me?” he asks, before he can make any more an idiot of himself.
…Until he gets home from work one evening to find a single feather lying on the ground in front of his door.
“You don’t get what I’m trying to say,” Cas said quietly.
“Well that’s very giving of you.” Cas closed his book and glared at her.
Crowley looked at him like he wanted to say more, do more, he lingered in the doorway for a moment and then skulked out. Dean wound up his fist to bash into the wall suddenly, old familiar rage replacing sorrow yet again. He stopped himself before he made impact, fist unclenching, chickening out at the last second. This was Cas’s house, he realized, this was Cas’s kid’s bedroom. He wasn’t gonna ruin it. If he could do anything for him, anything at all, it was that. He’d fucked up enough already.
“He’s nothing like Amara,” Dean spat through gritted teeth.
“Arthur, this is Miss Anna Milton, Anna this is Arthur Ketch,” Gabriel said.
“And you believed her?”
Claire had no patience for the loathing, self or otherwise. She called him an old drunk and a sad sack and a deadbeat and told him to take a goddamn shower. She would pick Jack up then and carry him outside to play with him there. Claire was unforgiving and unrelenting and he knew he’d probably drink himself to death or wrap his car around a tree without her. He wouldn’t exactly mind that happening, if it weren’t for Jack. He had one promise left to keep to Cas and if part of that included the punishment of staying alive, so be it. He owed him far more than that.
Dean drove off then, keeping an eye on him in the rearview mirror as long as he could. A part of him, some desperate quiet part, again knew he should ask to stay. But he had become far too skilled at ignoring that part of himself.
,” Ruby added.
, he wanted to say. But Dean kept himself in check.
“But did you see him?” Ruby asked her again and Anna nodded, firmly.
Sam they interviewed as well and he found himself sweating like a pig.
“I won’t tell a living soul,” Ruby swore it solemnly.
“It’s common, that’s what she says, red hair is common.”
“No, I know it’s not. It’s the only real thing I’ve ever had. But I don’t know if it’ll last, that’s what worries me,” Cas admitted. “I feel like Tony and then I feel like you’re him too. Like the only way anyone will ever get through to you is with violence. Like you’ll need something really awful to happen before you see sense in this situation. And it can’t even be something awful to you, because you just won’t care. Enough awful has happened to you anyway. It’ll have to be to them.”
They asked him questions as they worked, to gage how far they had cut.
Dean turned his head back to the television, the scantily clad lovers waking in each other's arms. He raised an eyebrow, looking at Cas on his chest, who was watching with a familiar look of sentimentality.
“Don’t give me that crap!” She almost shrieked it. “I’m strangely absent from your book you know. You don’t seem to care what happened to me after that night. It’s afforded a few sentences. I
“Cas…”
“No,” Cas replied. “I guess I know why. I just want you to stop.”
“We found them!” He said and Dean had to stop himself from running the distance across the room towards the two witches and his brother.
“I’m never going to be able to repay you,” Cas said softly. “Not ever, not in a million years. I already owe you so much- and there’s been so many second chances -but this, I’d given up hope of us ever being rescued. You don’t know what this means.”
“Tell us what we should do for him,” Naomi asked.
“I’m sorry if I’m more old fashioned than our brother,” Cas said stiffly.
as he walked over to the car to give Dean some leftovers for the road and to bring Jack back into the house. He handed Dean the tupperware as Jack ran back towards the house. Dean took it gingerly.
“If Cas knew I let you do this he’d kill me,” Dean said.
, he had told Cas. Dean had taken him out for a drive some time before the football game. Whatever sort of shovel talk had been given was clearly quite ineffective though, as Dean had come back fuming and Russ seemed entirely unfazed. Cas had laughed at Dean’s expression when he saw it.
He didn’t think he was ever going to be the same again. Jack wouldn’t either probably, he hadn’t even spoken a word to anyone who wasn’t Cas or Dean, didn’t seem able to trust anyone else. Dean hadn’t realized it yet, Cas noted, he thought Jack was like this with everyone. But Cas saw it quite clearly for what it was, he’d latched onto Dean as his rescuer, not understanding that Rowena, Sam, and Max had cast the spell, Crowley had chartered the boat, and Alicia and Mary had tortured the angels for how to break the warding on the box. Cas couldn’t blame him though, he felt the same way, on some irrational level. And a part of him was glad that Jack had become this wary of the world, he liked to know that if he were ever threatened again the boy would just fly away.
“You don’t owe me anything.”
“Crap…” he swore under his breath and rushed off in that direction, Dean following close on his heels.
“Where?” Jack asked him. Cas reached out to touch him then, savoring the softness of his hair and considering how this was maybe his last chance to feel it. He gently brushed it from his face.
“What’s the matter, dear?” Anna asked and Ruby came to sit on her bed beside her.
“Daddy...daddy I’m so sorry that I went with him and that I didn’t-” Jack started to ramble but Cas shook his head.
“He was sick like you’re sick, but now he specializes in treating these things. He runs a…” she trailed off looking at Anna and Gabe as if to find the best word to say it.
“Hello,” said Ketch softly. “What have we here?”
“Ach, well, I was hoping between the three of you you must know of one,” she asked, turning to the group, with slightly accusing eyes.
“No, I’m dying.” She smiled a little, enjoying the shock on his face. “Vascular dementia.”
“I don’t understand how you can just stand there and say these sort of things. I don’t know what’s missing in you,” Ruby said quietly and then turned in to Sam. “We should go dear. I don’t want to get caught on the tube in rush hour.”
“But I’m not sick.” Cas needed her to understand, if only now to finally hear him but her smile was thin and unfriendly.
She spent her summers based out of Washington with them, working at the repair shop in town while Jack did lifeguard shifts at the town pool, and on weekends they would drive out to the coast and swim together. He remembered taking Jack there the first time, his eyes turning into saucers at just the immensity of the ocean, before Claire had dunked him underwater and held him there as he squirmed and fought and laughed.
“Ruby, what’s the worst thing you can think of?”
“Yes you do, you don’t think you do, but you do. You tried it before, with Lisa,” Cas said, feeling frantic and wild and angry at Dean for even making him imagine this. “And that was a disaster, a total disaster and this would be worse because we’d never be safe and we’d need you so much, so much more than you could ever need us and I- I’ll be no help. Not even a little. At least she was a whole person.”
Cas sighed, and fidgeted with his t-shirt.
“I don’t want to live like that. I don’t think it’s living at all. Maybe it is for you, for reapers and angels and demons even, but for me? I know being human had all its pains but it had its joys too, far more joy than pain I think. If I were to forget that joy and that love, well thank you for offering but I have to turn you down,” he explained. Billie’s mouth tightened and her lips pursed.
“You don’t have to,” he said.
It wasn’t that she had loved Dean Winchester. In fact, she didn’t truly think of him at all when he wasn’t around. But he had looked at her, really looked at her as if he was seeing a person and that had meant more, she realized as she stood in the dim light of the library, than she could have possibly imagined. That she had entertained, if only for a moment, a fantasy of this being the start of any sort of story with her at the center, as opposed to merely the far off and objective narrator, and that Dean had been the key to that story only made her feel sick with shame.
Crowley had taken the news rather gracefully, at the very least he had been expecting it, though he had raised his eyebrows when it was delivered.
Dean hadn’t told his mother about any of this, there hadn’t seemed much of a point. He didn’t think she would help. She had her own life up with the Banes, serving as sort of the Bobby to their operation if his memory served him. They weren’t on bad terms, sure, but they also couldn’t stay too close, not without biting each other’s heads off. She had made it clear she didn’t exist to clean up his messes and that being with him was painful for them both. She had been this perfect mother in his head and he had been her sweet little boy. They both fell rather woefully short of those expectations.
“A pleasure,” said Ketch, shaking his hand, “though I thought you were all Oxford men in your family?”
They had moved back up to Washington. Gabriel had rebuilt the house for them with his grace. It felt like a poor consolation prize and on some levels Dean wished it had remained as it was, another reminder of his failings. A monument to how every good thing in his life went up in smoke. It was a lesson he’d want Jack and Claire to learn if they thought themselves halfway his children.
“This is insane, you’re bloody insane,” Gabriel cried. “Anna, you can’t possibly let them do this?”
“You’ll have to kill me first,” he promised. Lucifer laughed.
“Dad we caught one and it was pretty big but then Dean made me throw it back!” Jack shouted, running up towards him, a wide, bright smile on his face. He made it up to the porch where Cas was sitting and Cas caught his hand in his, giving it a squeeze.
“Jack’s gonna want me there right? Can’t let him down can I?” She had said, sounding just like Dean and Cas had nodded. He hadn’t mentioned to either of Claire or Jack that he had asked Dean first. It was too painful.
“No,” Jack said defiantly, stepping forward, Claire and Dean unable to stop him. “I’m not. I’m nothing like you.”
“Well… I miss you too kid,” Dean admitted, half under his breath.
“It’s my job to keep you safe,” Dean told him firmly and Cas sighed. “And I’m doing that, nothing else matters.
“What Lawrence novel, Cassie? I don’t remember reading any novel by Mister Lawrence with that plot.” Anna deadpanned and her brother turned red. “Unless, of course, you’re referring to that vile book, the one that’s been banned here, that’s only printed in French? Couldn’t be that. Good little Cas would never read that, would he? It’s not the sort of thing he would have lying about in his things would he?”
“This is still just circumstantial, I need you to be blunt with me, I know it must be painful for you, but Miss Milton, did you see him?”
“We had a groundskeeper at the time, I forget his name, I was so little. But he had blue eyes too. Stunning blue eyes, I remember that. Mummy dismissed him and brought on the Winchesters not long before you were born.” Anna watched Cas’s eyes perk up at the mention of that surname.
Cas had asked him and Dean had shaken his head and extended his arms.
“I don’t know.” Dean grinned at him.
“Can we get him back now? Can we get daddy back?” He asked him. Dean’s mouth was set hard. He shook his head.
“You know this was all feathers’s fault, right?” Crowley asked suddenly and Dean’s head turned towards him abruptly. "Everything that's happened, he brought it on himself."
“Sammy, enough, please,” Dean said and something in his eyes quieted his brother. Dean was led into the car and as he was nearly in he felt Cas’s hand grabbed tightly to his lapel, getting in the way of the officer.
“I know,” Dean agreed. “I like talking with him too.”
“The world isn’t safe for him,” Cas said stiffly. “You know that better than anyone.”
“You didn’t believe we would,” Dean told him. It was stated plainly, like a fact, though there was a shake in his voice. “That’s another thing the kid told me, that you had no hope the whole time.”
Anna had been interviewed on television before. But not for a while. She’d taken some time off before writing her newest book. And she was older now, 77 to be exact, and it seemed as she became older everything became harder. The lights felt brighter, the feedback louder, the chair more uncomfortable, the interviewers questions too grating. Anna liked public life, she always had. She had been one of those writers who was on the cover of magazines, not the recluse types. She had married, briefly, in the 50s. But that was little more than a dalliance at this point. Her life was more spent surrounded by friends who said nothing at all and meant nothing to her. In her older years she had permitted herself the solitude she’d never realized she craved.
Cas didn’t say anything. She smiled again, quick and knowing.
“Yeah,” Dean admitted, and put an arm around his shoulder. “I guess you’re right.”
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Cas said, trying to stay gentle. He didn’t know what more to say, there was no denying the reality of that fact. He hadn’t kept faith. And the worst part was, he knew before Jack was born that he would have, he’d have laid in that box for ages believing that every day would be the one that Dean would burst in and save him. He would not have given up until the end of the universe. But it was different with Jack, it just was. Carefully, Cas reached out for Dean’s hand, wanting to do something to comfort him. He caught him around the wrist but Dean's hand remained still.
“I’m fine, it’s just a scratch,” she told him. “I thought you were waiting outside.”
“I can fix it, if you want,” Cas offered. Dean met his eyes.
“How else did you see this going?” Dean couldn’t help his joke and Cas looked at him desperately.
She had checked herself in a mirror in the hallway. She had managed to get her red hair up in a twist. Her evening dress was a light blue silk and she hoped that maybe, just maybe, she looked presentable enough her mother would resist any snide comments she had stored away.
Dean snorted.
“Plain as day. I grew up with him. I know it was him.” Anna met her cousin's eyes. “I’ll tell them, they’ll believe me. Don’t worry at all. It’s going to be alright.”
“I think he’s already in trouble,” Cas told the child and then looked back at Dean. “What have you come here for?”
“I am. You should be proud too,” Cas stuttered out. Dean nodded.
“I hate you,” Dean whispered. “Oh God, I hate you, Cas.”
“Well isn’t that suspicious?” Dean asked and Cas cocked his head at him.
“What sort of operation?” Naomi asked. But Anna already knew.
“It’s a ridiculous idea.”
“Right,” Dean said and paused for a moment. “We could go do that sometime.”
“Nothing Sammy,” he said, tossing the other paper into the wastepaper basket quickly.
“This is our home,” Cas replied.
“Look, I don’t think they haven’t got a reckoning coming to them. But it won’t happen here, not in England. Everyone’s too set in their ways. And with the war coming, they certainly won’t.” Dean’s voice was hard, but Sam couldn’t help but find the truth in it.
“A solicitor,” Cas called back.
“He didn’t hurt me,” Cas insisted. He reached his arms out towards Jack then. “It’s alright, sweet boy, don’t be worried.”
“Listen to me you have to-“ Cas began.
“Yes, he’s bringing a friend. Some chocolate millionaire he met, named Ketch.”
“Dad said you loved to fish. And I used to think you’d come and fish us out,” Jack explained.
and most painfully:
“Mummy, you can’t possibly be agreeing with this?” Gabriel asked but Naomi’s full attention was turned to Ishim.
“Darling, you’re not very well,” Naomi said. “You’re burning up.”
“And you’ll what...join up?” Sam asked. Dean let out at a huff.
Cas was quiet for a while and his insides felt empty. He had spent so many years resisting this man that he didn’t know how to finally submit. He stared at his face and noticed a cut on his forehead.
“Not physically, you’re not ill in that way if that’s what you mean,” his mother said and he tried to look Anna in the eye but she stared back at him so blankly she could have been a doll. “But ill...ill in your brain and your heart I think as well. And we’re worried, we’re very worried, and we want to make sure this is dealt with.”
“I’m going for a swim, would either of you mind to accompany me?” Both heads turned sharply. “It’s just the waters get so rough so mummy doesn’t like me to go alone. And Cas is being a bore and refusing to come along.”
“I don’t know why I always think it’s gonna turn out different,” he whispered. “I’ve seen it a million times and it’s like...I don’t know. It makes me feel like an idiot.”
“Do you know what you’re saying?” He asked and Dean looked up and met his eyes.
Cas’s face was pale and covered in ash. He was choking on smoke, his shirt soaked through with a dark substance that even in the fire light he could tell was blood. He seemed barely conscious, his blue eyes fluttering open and closed and his head lolling against the bannister. The flames were creeping towards him, just beginning to catch on his clothes and Dean was quickly stamping them out as best he could, smelling gasoline in his nose as he came close to Cas and feeling violently angry when he understood what they had done.
When all the business was wrapped up, they packed up the house into the back of Cas’s truck and drove East. Donna had a friend who had a friend who had a place in Northern Minnesota they were looking to sell for cheap. It was large and away from things, almost like a farmhouse, and the first thing they did when they arrived was ward it to shit. The second thing they did was let Jack have first pick of the bedrooms. The third thing was to drive into town to buy him a cat.
“Obviously.” Cas picked up the vase, the cigarette was put out suddenly and forgotten. Dean sniggered.
“Neither is she,” Cas reasoned.
“Then I explain it to me,” Dean implored him. Cas shook his head.
“No, but you’re doing the right thing showing it to me now, especially before the police arrive.” Naomi’s voice was steady and exact. “You’ll tell them of the contents, I’ll vouch I saw it as well, but they can’t get their hands on it, do you understand me?”
“Oh, I bring it everywhere.”
“It- it doesn’t make sense,” he said quietly and Dean felt his heart race.
“No,” Ishim admitted. “A dog would just have been put down.”
“Why’d you like so green?” Sam said, emerging from the bathroom, and Dean simply moved his face away and gruffly told him off.
“Do you wanna go fishing with me, Jack?” He asked him quietly. Jack looked up at him and blinked. “It’s just a real nice thing I like to do to clear my head. It won’t be too much fun but it could be a good way for us to spend a day. You interested? Just the two of us? We can pack peanut butter and honey sandwiches like you love me to make. It’ll be nice.”
After Jack’s sandwich was consumed Cas gently led him to his bedroom and Dean overheard him quietly instructing him to put his headphones on and stay on his computer until Cas fetched him. After that he closed the door and reentered the kitchen, staring at where Dean sat awkwardly at the table. Cas clearly only allowed himself to pause for a moment though, before he was padding over to the sink and working on the dishes.
“Yes, none of the names are even changed,” she explained.
, he had told him,
“It’s going to be alright, Jack,” Cas said and Jack shook his head.
“Jack likes having you around,” Cas told him, standing on the porch as Dean stood by the Impala.
They were texting more frequently than they had in years. Cas had especially texted Dean to tell him about a striking new development in Jack’s life: a boyfriend.
“Oh a million things I think. The twins won’t leave me alone, they gave my arms chinese burns and when I hit them they just hit back! They blame everything on me, as if I’m the villain. As if I’m the reason mother and father can’t stay together. And mother and father made me go here, instead of with my friends and then…” Ruby trailed off, “And then there’s how the Winchester boy can’t take his eyes off me!” Anna’s eyebrows quirked.
“I wanted to see if you’d really save me.”
“He can’t be dating ‘til he’s thirty, I can’t believe you’re allowing this. Doesn’t he need to be focusing on his studies? This boy is just gonna be a distraction, mark my words,” Dean had ranted to him over the phone. “And what’s his name again? Russell? What type of a dick name is that? I’m gonna give him a piece of my mind soon as I get up there. You know I will. You told him about me right? If the kid’s a hunter worth anything he’ll know who Dean Winchester is.”
“Oh…” Jack said, deflated.
“Bullshit, I never worried about giving Sammy and me a balanced diet,” Dean said, shrugging. He knew that sort of talk set Cas off a little and instantly regretted it.
It was near midnight when the police inspector arrived and Anna was shuffled in to speak with him.
He stood in the school bathroom trying to breathe and splashing water on himself. He hadn’t felt like this in years, had been in better control than this. He was shaking, gripping the sides of the sink and hoping no one would walk in. This would be so embarrassing for Jack. As he stared at his reflection he knew he didn’t even have to consider her statement for a moment. Of course it was true. He was still in love with Dean. He had never stopped, never even tried to trick himself into believing he wasn’t. He had loved Dean from the moment he had held his damaged soul in his hand and he was overwhelmed with a sensation completely foreign to him, something no one had ever prepared him for. He had fought it and feared it and loathed it and all it had done was feed off of his fear and self loathing and used it to bury itself deeper in him. Dean’s love had in equal parts saved and ruined him. The thought of loving anyone else was impossible to him. There would never be anyone else for him.
“Alright,” Dean said.
“As best I can,” she admitted. “Speak of the devil.”
“Are these them?” Sam had just wandered into the room and all heads turned to him.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Dean told him. He wanted to be drunker for this conversation. Crowley stood up and walked towards the kitchen door.
“Nice try there, you guys! You almost got me!” Lucifer said and Jack couldn’t understand how someone could be so evil and smile so blindingly while doing it. “Cute plan, but you really thought that second hand salesman who couldn’t even keep a handle on my throne, his slut of a mother, and my useless little brother were going to be a match against me? Me? Dad’s favorite? Lord Satan himself? I mean come on, all this from the guys who beat the Darkness? That’s adorable how optimistic you are. Almost as adorable as it’s going to be when I smite each and every one of you.”
“I can’t believe you came! I can’t believe it! This is the best! This is the best day ever!” Jack was bouncing up and down and Dean was ruffling his hair and grinning.
“She’s not mine,” Dean said. Rowena laughed musically.
The first person he called was Sam, though really the call was to Sam and Rowena as she was listening in on the phone, commenting every few seconds on what to do next. The plan was clear to meet at the Bunker as soon as possible with the two promising to take the next flight out. Crowley was the one he called next and he admitted he was already sort of aware of the Lucifer situation and would also meet at the bunker and deploy his demons as best he could for help. The final call was his mother who was very quiet on the phone as he explained what happened, unable to gloss over the details of just exactly
“Mummy says it looks limpid,” Anna tells him, fixed on her own reflection.
“You’re being a real beast Anna.”
“Good, that’s good,” he told him and Jack reached up his fingers to grab Dean’s hand and give a little squeeze. He only made skin contact for just a moment but Dean savored the warmth for as long as he had it.
“Well, Samuel will certainly do quite nicely,” she said with a small, hungry grin and in normal times Dean would have laughed at his little brothers blushing face but he felt too frozen over to feel a thing.
“I’m fine,” Dean said but the way he had curled into him clearly proved otherwise. Cas kept running his fingers through his hair as if he hadn’t heard him. Dean tried to let himself relax, to sink into Cas’s body and ease himself of tension, but some of it remained in his shoulders and clenched fists and curled toes. He was always ready, ready for the monster under the bed to bash down the motel door and require him to jump to his feet.
“Get Dean to do, he’s probably lazing about somewhere,” Anna said. And Gabriel called for him. Dean ran in and began at their bags. Ketch eyed him critically.
“What is this?”
“Oh mummy would, she once told me she thinks you’re a bastard,” she attempted to twist her hair up behind her as she spoke, as if this was such a casual conversation.
“I can’t book things in advance, Cas. If a hunt comes up I gotta take it, you know that, man,” Dean told him in a rush of words. “Look, if I can make it to the party. I’ll show up.”
“Please don’t cry,” he pleaded. Cas kept crying.
Dean looked away. If the demon thought he needed comforting, and was willing to provide it, he was really in deep shit.
Dean came by the next morning on his way out of town. He and Jack had a private goodbye, tearful and by the car and not for Cas’s ears. All he caught was the tail end of
Cas shook his head, crying. Dean had thought that would be enough but it seemed to barely get through to him.
That hit Dean like a truck. He sat there for a moment staring at the chilling tea before him. He didn’t know why the idea devastated him somehow, shocked him even more. Of course Cas would tell his son about him, he only had so much to tell, Dean assumed. But he didn’t like to picture it. Or maybe, he considered, he liked it far too much.
Cas laughed but it sounded like choking. Dean grimaced. They were almost at the doorway, he told himself, Cas just had to hold on a little while longer. Cas didn’t seem to be listening to Dean’s prayer though, growing limper every second. When they crossed over the threshold Dean took huge gasping breaths of the cool night air. He slumped to his knees, holding Cas gently in his arms. He looked down at him then, his burning house flickering in his blue eyes.
“It’s a coffin,” Sam added.
They still saw Dean, more than he had thought they would. They would awkwardly be at holidays together, sitting across tables and not knowing how to talk to each other. Jack was always very excited, while Cas still held him at a careful arm’s length. He wasn’t ready to trust him, didn’t know if he ever would be again. But time was going by and old wounds were healing and soon it became pretty commonplace to see him on holidays and such. Dean would always call Jack on any holiday he might miss, check in with him, and on his birthday too. Would send a card and a present, something extravagant and boyish that Cas would never think to get him and then there would be some long phone call with Jody on whether Jack was old enough for violent video games and nerf guns or not. Jack would roll his eyes and say “come on
He was mostly left to his own devices then, with demons to play with him and offer him whatever he wanted. He couldn’t tell them that what he wanted was to go home. He had dreamed of seeing bigger things, being a hero, exploring the world, but by then he wanted to take that all back. He wanted to be in his small world again, safe and happy as he had been. He dreamed of going back to his house by the lake with his cat and his chickens and most of all with Castiel. He couldn’t believe what was said of him, his father’s insistence that he was bad or had stolen him. It didn’t ring true. It couldn’t be. He would cry himself to sleep over it and then dream of him hazily at night, his smile calling out to him among his nightmares. He knew they were worried about him as he was sleeping too much and eating too little but he didn’t care. He wanted to feel as sick in his body as he felt in his own heart.
“Your son?” Dean repeated. “Cas, you don’t mean that all these years you’ve been playing house with a nephilim?”
“I'm Dean, Dean Campbell, I’m Jack’s other dad,” Dean said, shaking her hand and she gave Cas a knowing glance. Then they all turned their attention to the stage.
“Sam’s waiting outside. He was going to come in and then lost his nerve. Or more so, I told him much good wouldn’t be done by just screaming at you,” Ruby told her. “You didn’t even ask me.”
“I know,” Cas said and Jack numbly cut the ropes from his hands. As soon as he was free Cas hugged Jack tightly, stroking his hair and kissing his forehead as he had been longing to do. “My sweet boy,” he murmured and wondered if this was how it felt to be the parents of all the children they’d saved. He wondered how strange it must be for Dean to stand and watch their reunion, a position he’d probably been in a thousand times, except this time it was
“You’re not my dad,” she rebuked him, beginning to follow him down the steps. “I’m the same age you were when you fought a prince of hell the first time. Jody told me so.”
“I know,” he told him and Cas laughed and kissed him again for his trouble.
“He’s my boy. You can’t hurt my boy,” Dean said. The leader raised his gun to Dean’s forehead. Cas closed his eyes.
“And it’ll pay off, Sam will certainly make something of himself, within the constraints of his station. But fellows like Dean, they don’t have any hope of advancement outside of a war.”
“I assumed that.”
They hadn’t talked much again until Jack’s graduation was approaching. Cas had called him asking if he wanted tickets.
“But you can’t anymore,” he told him bluntly.
“I’m your friend,” said Cas. “We’ve been friends since we were children.”
“You would go back to that?” She asked him. “To that pathetic, fleeting existence? When a world of power and invulnerability waits for you? You would live on a planet that could die at any moment in a body that could fail you any day all for a measly few years of happiness? Being a human is hard. Jack could rebel against you and grow to hate you. Dean could leave you behind. You could end up bitter and alone with no one to save you. You’d risk that? You’d really try that all again?”
he told himself,
Dean turned away, scoffing. He could never handle Cas’s worship of him, certainly not then, his hand still on his arm, such a gentle reminder of the angel’s affection. It all got too dangerous.
“I was just right busy is all.” Cas studied him as he said it.
He found Dean in the hallway, in his tails for serving dinner. He always looked out of place like that, since they’d have to lay off some of the staff and expand his duties. The moment their eyes met Dean seemed to understand, and followed him, silently, into the private of the library. Cas held the letter out to Dean, who took it with quiet shame.
The room was blinded by a golden light, all its inhabitants thrown against the walls. When it cleared Lucifer was lying unconscious on the floor. No one moved for a second, and then the shorter of the two men went and knelt beside the body, his longer hair getting in his face as he did it. He looked up.
“It was him, wasn’t it?” Anna said and Ruby shook her head.
“Can… can daddy come?” Jack said considering it, clearly confused and overwhelmed. Cas felt his heart breaking.
“But Claire, if I fail, if something takes me out before I can kill it, you know that you don’t have to keep going, right? You go do whatever it is you want.”
“Lucifer and Asmodeus- a prince of hell- they came, they took Jack, Dean you have to-“ Cas rambled.
“You were one too.”
“Yeah, you’ll be gone for the shop before 8 and then I won’t see you until maybe this time tomorrow night,” Cas bitterly remarked.
“Work, the call of the city, an engagement at the opera. Came as soon as I could get away. Where’s Anna?”
“Don’t go worrying about that now, ya hear? It’s a ways away. No use. And besides,” he bent back over his work, “I’m nothing like Dad.”
“Mind if I join you?” Crowley asked. Dean gave him a grunt that he clearly took as a yes and sat down beside him, pouring himself a glass of scotch. “It’s piss what you people drink.”
“Look, this isn’t a red letter day for either of us,” Dean replied. Cas moved away from him on the couch ever so slightly, his attention turning back to the television. Dean followed him with his eyes. He loved to watch Cas watch things, always had since the beginning of their relationship. Half of their early dates had been showing Cas all his favorite movies, the ones he basically knew by heart, and turning his attention, in the darkness of his bedroom, to Cas’s face, noting the moments that made him laugh in delight or sigh in longing. There was some quiet, perfect delight of getting home late after work and finding Cas curled up on the sofa with Jack and Claire, the three of them laughing along to some dumb tv show. Dean would always savor the moments before they noticed him in the alcove, like peering into a Norman Rockwell painting.
“You’re going to have me declared insane so you can commit me because you think I’m going to cause a scandal over Dean.” And he didn’t hear her protestations that no, it was his best interests that they had at heart, that he was being irrational, that it had nothing to do with anyone but him and keeping him safe. He didn’t hear it because he seemed to have tunnel vision and a buzzing in his ears and he stood up, his blanket falling off his shoulders and took a step towards Anna who flinched and he wondered, in the back of his mind, if she was afraid of him.
Deep in the afternoon, Dean looked over at Jack.
“What’s going on? I don’t understand?” He said over and over as the charges were read. Instincts kicked in, his father’s mistrust of the law and belief that any boy who couldn’t throw (and in many cases take) a punch was a nancy, and he found himself swatting at them. The world turned red and a part of him thought he might kill the policemen, really and truly right there with his bare hands and add murderer to the names they would call him. But Cas took that moment to run up, Sam following close behind.
he’d replied, slurring his words,
“That’s not a very rock solid security system you got there, Cas,” Dean drolled.
“A request. Please.”
He wasn’t seeing much of Cas, he was afraid to. Since the frantic and public “I love yous” on the deck of the ship and how he was both so frightened and so grateful, Dean could barely look at him. Rowena was doing most of the tending, the motherly bone in her body that had been forgotten for Crowley seemed to come out with regards to Cas and Jack. It was her job, he told himself over and over, it was better this way.
“My son,” he demanded. Cas shook his head.
“I am sorry,” Cas repeated. Dean shook his head, turned away.
“Are they both witches?” Rowena asked. Sam shook his head.
“Cas… “ Dean began but Cas shook his head.
“How did you even get your hands on it?” He asked her.
He felt violently angry sometimes, that Lucifer got off scot free, able to live a peaceful life, not even haunted by the guilt of his actions. Sometimes he had wonderful fantasies of finding where the man was and killing him himself. But it had been Jack’s great act of mercy, his proof that he was good and Cas had raised him right and Dean wouldn’t deprive him of that despite how badly he wished to. It seemed so unfair though. Lucifer living human and content, Cas gone forever. He didn’t know what sort of a god would fucking allow that.
“So could Sam, at one point in time,” Cas argued.
“I could be so much help! I’m learning all about the legal system in my AP Gov class!” Jack said and Dean had laughed and Cas noticed that Dean’s hand was twitching as if he wanted to reach out to ruffle Jack’s hair or touch his shoulder and he kept pulling it back.
“You look lovely. You always do,” he told her, a real affection coating his voice.
“Mummy would never,” he told her firmly.
It was later in that day, in a moment of quiet, that he heard Dean’s voice praying in his head once again.
It was only a few months later when Dean left a motel in Toledo early to check out a job in Detroit. She found a note on the bedside table that he would call her when he knew more,the Impala keys laid neatly beside the note. Something awful took root in her stomach and she wanted to call Jody or maybe even Kaia, but she shook it off and waited for his return.
Then he smiled, very small and crooked, and looked at Dean. Slowly, he kissed him on the lips, just a light touch, and wondered if he was sealing the vow they had made on the porch back in Washington with the kiss to his palm. He broke away then, their faces still close.
He thought they’d gotten over this, he’d explained it to Jack so many times since they’d first been imprisoned here. He had made it clear how lucky he was that the angels had let them be together, how happy Cas was to have him and care for him. He thought Jack had been able to believe it, or at least had passed the phase of crying over it. However, Jack shook his head aggressively at Cas’s words.
“What is it?”
Cas himself was more content to sit on the porch and stare out, wrapped in a blanket or his trenchcoat, sipping tea and looking like he was relearning how to breathe or see or live. Dean was silent when he’d pass him there. Until, one day, Cas plucked his sleeve as he went by. He looked up at him as Dean stared down in shock.
He went over to Claire next and bent down. She was still dressed in her jeans and shirt, and he decided to let her keep those on, to avoid the inevitable fight in the morning over him removing it in her sleep, but he did go to the trouble of pulling off her combat boots and socks, gently so as not to wake her. Then he put one arm under her neck and the other behind her knees and hauled her up against his chest. She was sixteen, older and heavier than six year old Jack, but at 5’5” she was ultimately nothing in Dean’s arms. He began to carry her towards the bed and lay her down beside her brother when he heard a stirring from the couch.
“Gabriel asked me to join them for dinner,” Sam said.
“I know. I’m Samuel. But I go by Sam.” He shook her hand even though it had seemed by the way she held it out that she had been asking for him to kiss it. He winked as he met her eyes.
“Girlfriend at school passed it on to me. Picked it up in French while on holiday. Found it a bit too wordy for my taste,” Anna told him, indifferent. “You?” Again, he blushed.
“Oh that I know,” Dean snorts.
“Anna,” said Ruby, voice raw and frightened. Anna took her tightly by the arm.
“It’s suspicious to you that I’m happy? That I’m successful at being a human? Not languishing in squalor like I was the last time?” Cas questioned and Dean’s eyebrows shot up.
“Castiel! Control yourself!” Naomi had said and nodded her head as if he didn’t see the officers and their guest and the servants and everyone watching.
“I can’t do it, Cas. I’m not strong enough,” he said, the words coming out choked and quiet. “I know you need me to be but I really don’t think I can.”
“Nothing you say is stupid,” Cas told him patiently. He could just make out Jack’s small smile in the darkness.
Cas watched them. Never in his millenia of his life did he think he was getting this. He hadn’t even thought he was getting this yesterday morning. Now here he was. He would never take it for granted, he promised himself, not ever.
“No. I just wanted him to be unable to hurt anyone but I-” Jack paused. “I didn’t want to hurt him.”
(The incident itself was in constant debate as only John and Jack had been in the room when it had happened. However, when Cas had reentered Jack was crying and had a black and blue on his head from hitting it on the leg of the end table. If he had been shoved or bashed or swatted or just tripped, was unclear. Dean had told his dad to get the fuck out of his apartment afterwards, when Cas had called him home from work to deal with it. They hadn’t seen each other almost at all for the three years since, until he had shown up a month ago broke with nowhere to go, brushing away past mistakes, and insisting he was sober.)
They finally discovered the place Cas had rented, up in North Cove, Washington. Crowley had laughed about what sort of idiot would go under the name James Novak, the easiest perhaps to trace, but Dean had shot him the dirtiest of looks and he had shut up. Dean muttered to himself that it was probably good enough, had taken them over a year to find. A year during which his mom had left them for good to go up to Canada and help out the Banes twins, texting them only occasionally, everyone admitting it was probably for the best; a year in which they had also managed to fully cage Lucifer, defeat the British Men of Letters, and those should have been big wins, incredible wins. But it had been hollow, absolutely hollow, without Cas. It had been a year of him worrying night and day and brushing off Sam and his mom’s concerns. A year of wanting to kill Crowley every time he made some wry joke about the angel and of calling in any favor he could think of just to get the slightest of a lead, it had been one of the worst years of his life.
“Lucifer’s kid,” Dean replied, blunt and awkward, his tongue stuck in his mouth.
“Ever since I pulled you out of hell- I’ve just needed to be close to you- to protect you-”
They kept staring at one another. Any moment, Cas expected him to say something like “Cas you’re creeping me out." Instead he smiled at him.
“I missed you so much,” Jack told him and pressed his face into the crook of Cas’s neck. Cas sighed with contentment.
“Did you do this on purpose?” The short man asked. Jack shook his head.
“I came here to offer you something. Your son, Jack, he’s quite powerful. Praying all the time for you to come back to him and it’s getting irritating. Pretty soon he’s going to figure out how to really use his powers against me and I’m not looking forward to the outcome of that,” Billie admitted. “However, I can’t bring you back. Not my style and after you killed me that one time? Not super looking to play nice.”
he began, like usual,
“I didn’t kill them, they’re just sleeping,” Jack said in a raw voice.
“You killed him,” Jack said to Lucifer. “You told me you were my father and then you killed him. And now you’re going to kill them too.”
“Dean…” he said softly and something in Dean, a voice he was usually quite adept at keeping quiet, seemed to scream at him to turn around, but his steps didn’t even slow.
“That boy’s going nowhere,” he overheard Jody tell Dean as they were clearing the plates after dinner. “And you know this is sort of your just desserts right?”
“Cas, don’t be such a little daddy’s boy,” Gabe chimed in grinning.
“I shouldn’t have read it,” Anna said.
“They lied or they forgot about me, how I can do anything,” he said firmly and then he reached his arms in. “Let’s get you two out.”
“What?” He had asked flustered, tilting his head in a way Dean used to lovingly laugh at him for.
“Yeah,” Dean replied.
“Even if there was one, it would be resolved quickly, he says. Not like the last one,” Cas had heard his father spend many a dinner over holidays detailing his opinions to him. It had been the only time he’d truly felt like his son, like he had any attention paid to him amidst Gabriel’s antics and Anna’s brain and looks. “And it certainly won’t reach English soil.”
“Yeah well, that was dumb too and besides,” Dean paused for a moment, clearly struggling to find the words. “I didn’t have you back then. If you’d been around, I’d have trusted you to save him. I don’t know why you don’t trust me the same, I don’t-”
“Dean,” Cas told him, as if he hadn’t told Jack that name one thousand times since he was born. “His name is Dean.”
“Why can’t we go home?” Alfie was shrieking over and over as Sammy cried in the corner. Ruby grabbed his arm fiercely.
Jack stared back at him. He didn’t smile but he gave a small solemn nod. Dean turned back to his fishing then, terrified of saying more. It was a good day though, he decided when they headed back that night and found Claire and Kaia putting take out on the dinner table. A good day, and he remembered when Cas had once visited him in his dream of fishing, sunlight shining on his face and concern and the first seeds of love in his eyes. He liked to imagine he had been able to see him like that that day too, just in the corner of his eye, standing on the edge of the water watching over them both.
“Yes, I do.” And he kissed him. And
Craning her neck and brushing her bright red hair out of her face, she looked out the window. There, at the fountain in their lawn’s center, was Cas furiously conversing with their young gamekeeper, Dean Winchester. Anna peered in closer. The Miltons had been raised nearly alongside the Winchesters, taking special interest in them after the death of their mother. Anna and Dean were the same age, born barely a month apart, and Sam was only a year younger than Cas. When their father had died, Dean had taken on his position, and their contact had petered out, the line between household and servant drawn sharper, though their interest in each other had gone nowhere. Sam, unlike Dean, had proved himself intelligent and her father was paying for him to study law at Oxford. She’d never seen a person prouder than Dean when he saw him off at the train that fall. Her mother hadn’t found it decent.
“Then why are you calling, Cas you never-” Dean trailed off and every bone in Cas’s body ached.
“He might hurt you.”
“Placates?” Gabriel spat and he nodded. “He’s not a dog.”
“What do you do...when we’re all gone?” Anna said cautiously. “I mean at school.”
“Oh, are you retiring,” he asked her and she nearly grinned.
in the best script he could manage on the cover. As he was picking it up, Sam walked in.
, he thought,
“Sorry I’m late,” Dean said, plopping down beside Cas.
“I think I’m gonna enroll Jack in high school. As a junior, probably. I thought you should know. Or you’d want to. I guess.” Cas suddenly worried if this was all a big mistake.
“Do I have to wake up too?” Cas said quietly. “I’ve wondered that a lot lately, if this whole perfect life we’ve been having, or the dream of it anyway, if that’s all it is, if we’re fooling ourselves.”
“You’re terrible,” Cas told him and went up to get him something grey and soft.
“Let me speak please,” Cas firmly cut him off. “It’s not good for them and it’s worse for you and it’s probably not even good for your father either. I don’t care if it is or it isn’t for him but I can’t imagine that it actually is. So you can give him money if you need to or try to find him a job or a place to stay but he has to go.”
The cruelest part of their fate, he considered, was that Jack could kill him but he couldn’t kill Jack. Jack didn’t know he would be able to, and Cas would never tell him, no matter how endless his suffering became, but he was sure that his son would be able to smite him if he really wanted to. And what Cas wouldn’t give to do the same to Jack, he couldn’t put into words. He daydreamed about it sometimes, how he would wait until Jack was asleep and then send him quietly off to heaven before he woke up. Of course, if killing Jack had been in his powers, they would never have been in this situation in the first place. Maybe the end of the world wouldn’t even kill him and he would be floating in the nothingness long after the sun burned out. That thought terrified Cas more than he could handle.
Jack had never met that man, though after all the stories he felt like he knew him. He had no memories of anyone, save his mother. He liked to think those memories pressed at the corner of his brain, she had held him, his father had told him, she had made it longer than she was meant to due to his father’s grace sustaining her, long enough to hold him and care for him for almost a week following his birth. He thought he could remember her, her brown hair falling in his mouth as she smiled down at him. He wasn’t sure if that was a memory of a memory though, being told the story so many times, or if it came from the oft watched home movie his father had taken of the two of them, saved to his laptop with all the videos his mother had made him before he was born. He liked to think it was real, it helped.
“I thought you said we weren’t fighting,” Dean replied. Cas shook his head and rested it under Dean’s chin, slouching down slightly.
“I wish you’d come up earlier.”
“What?”
, Dean thought.
“No,” Cas replied. “I sort of guessed. I didn’t tell her that though, you know, I think it would’ve just gotten her angry.”
There had been arguing about who should care for Jack. Gabriel had offered that as his uncle and new leader of heaven he was the most equipped. Sam and Rowena had exchanged looks and both remarked that their lifestyle didn’t really “allow for children” and took themselves out of the running. Crowley had suggested himself as well but was greeted with a chorus of harsh nos.
“Bite it. You have to bite it.” Ruby looked at him curiously with her dark brown eyes, and then did as she was told. The chocolate was hard and sweet, not powdery but rich and nice. “If they ever give you trouble again, you come to me, alright?”
“I am now,” Cas told him. “When Jack was born...I was with Kelly, helping her through her labor. But it got hard, it was terrifying. I knew she wouldn’t survive, that was her choice, but she was in agony, more than I could bear to watch and Jack… well I began to worry if he would survive himself… something was going wrong and we both could tell. And then I understood it, the birth of a nephilim, it requires great sacrifice from both parents. And I knew the sacrifice I had to make. I used my grace to ease Kelly through the labor, taking as much of the pain away as I could, taking some of it on I suppose you could say, and I burnt out what was left of it to ensure Jack was born healthy and strong. He came out so small and it took awhile, it took these terrifying moments to get him to cry and breathe. But then it was all worth it, I mean all of it, Kelly and I both knew. She lived until almost the end of the week. It was a blessing neither of us could have imagined.”
“Not to your height. You’re practically a giant,” Ruby joked and Sam laughed good naturedly. Naomi walked over to them.
They sat quietly together for a while, Cas’s head leaning against Dean’s chest, positioned just under his chin.
Cas was interviewed himself that night, as the last back to the house, and while he felt as though he were living in some sort of nightmare, he was stiff and composed for his interview.
“We have some left if you’re hungry.”
“I wish I could heal it,” he said and Dean smiled.
“But you live here?” He said and Cas forced himself to smile again and shake his head.
That was the moment when Jack burst from his bonds. Enochian handcuffs couldn’t hold him for long. Cas hadn’t seen Jack use his full powers in years. He hadn’t had reason to. The sight now, with his glowing golden eyes, was glorious. There was a blast of bright, warm light and when Cas opened his eyes the box was melted down to nothing and the other hunters were lying on the floor. Jack stood there, exhausted.
“It could be a trick,” Duma said to Naomi but she shook her head. She turned to him with harsh grey eyes.
“Do you want anything? I can fix you a tea or a sandwich, let me get the kettle on,” Cas began.
“It’s essentially a series of constant strokes. I watched it take my mother, too. So I feel sort of prepared. Your brain sort of shuts down like a machine, gradually losing words and then your memory. And as a writer that’s sort of the only point. So there isn’t much of a reason to continue from now on. I don’t think I’d be able to. So this is my last novel,” she explained, and crossed her hands in her lap. She’d been overwhelmed with nauseating fear when she began but now had reached a sort of calm on it. She remembered her mother, pathetic in the home they’d left her in. She herself would die in her own bed, she’d see to that. “It’s ironic, because it’s also my first novel. I began the draft of it while I was working as a nurse at St.Thomas’s hospital during the second world war, as the reader will remember. I just never could figure out how to tell it exactly as I wanted it.”
“You don’t know- that was only the half of- that you were somewhere, and I couldn’t reach you- and that house, and finding out what they’d done to you…” Dean stopped himself as if struggling to breathe. “And just- the idea of you and Jack- and that he’d grown and I’d missed- and that you didn’t trust me with him-”
“Promise me, Claire,” he said. She felt a strange shiver down her spine. Ice cold guilt took over her bones as she assumed it must have overtaken him at just her age.
“Understand what? What are you doing?” Naomi sighed and took his hand.
Sam didn’t comment on it, just made casual conversation about how she was, if she had a girlfriend, and telling her he was glad she was there to help. Dean overheard one awkward conversation between them about future college plans for her that she turned deadly cold in the middle of and chuckled to himself. Chip off the old block, he caught himself thinking. It was the first time he’d smiled in weeks.
“We’re going to have so much fun Jack,” Lucifer promised. “I’m going to take really good care of you. And we’re gonna see the stars and anything you want. We can have dessert for dinner every night.”
“Of course, I’ve
“Thanks, Dean.” Jody responded, the smile in her voice clear. “You boys be safe. Tell Cas I said hi.” Sam laughed when Cas looked over at the phone immediately
“You alright, Cas?” Sam asked, sitting down next to Dean. He had recently gotten up to make a sandwich, but Dean had already shoveled his own sandwich in Garfield style.
“We got some steaks in the freezer back at the bunker. Sound good? I know it’s not rabbit food.”
, there will be none of us left.”
“Do you think I
“Wait!” The redhead said, grabbing the sleeve of Cas’ trench coat. “Don’t leave yet. I haven’t given you my number.” She said with a coy smile.
Dean immediately chastised himself for thinking about Cas taking his pants off and shook his head. “Uh, no, it’s fine.” His voice was too high, and he cleared his throat. “Um, so I brought you breakfast.” Internally cringing at the realization that he had literally brought Cas breakfast in bed, he continued. “I know you haven’t really been eating-“
Dean poured the water from the bucket slowly, trying to keep it from splashing up on his clothes. He had added a cleaner to the mop water, and he wasn’t entirely sure if it as bleach in it. Watching the steady stream of water, he started spacing out again, really thinking about calling Cas. He wasn’t really in a watch-a-movie-by-yourself kind of mood, and he knew Sam was going to stay gone for a long time because he went to a farmers market in bum fuck nowhere. Since it would be awhile before Sam got back, maybe before calling Cas, he could look up some porn…
Dean grinned and tried to keep his smile from falling as he wondered why things couldn’t always be like this. Things were still tense between him and Sam, but they always fell back to this, moments where they weren’t hunters, they weren’t the two people responsible for saving the world, they were just brothers. Dean selfishly wondered if there would be less and less of these moments if Sam really was interested in Eileen romantically. The thought wouldn’t be so scary if he could count on Cas to be there, because for whatever fucking reason, he couldn’t be alone, but even though Cas lived at the bunker now he never
Dean raised his eyebrows accusingly. “So, you’re just sick all of a sudden?”
“It would seem the Winchesters aren’t the only ones that could can come back.” Magnus replied with a toothy grin. “So good to see you again, I see you’re still carrying the Mark of Cain. What a shame. You could have been my perfect pet. The angel here did nicely in your place, though he’s just as stubborn. Crowley wasn’t joking when he said the two of you had really sank your claws in this one.”
The perfect title for this chapter would have been "When the Levee Breaks", but unfortunately that's already the title of an episode of Supernatural and I had to make due with actual lyrics from the song.
“What?”
“I feel as though we could…mutually benefit one another. You want a collection of the best of the best magical creatures, and I’m sure you had nearly all of them before our…misunderstanding. I have a place. In Boise, Idaho. I don’t really use it often because I haven’t been going upstairs as much recently.” Crowley ignored the tutting noise Rowena made. “It’s yours. Build your cages, paint your sigils, do what needs to be done.” He waved a hand dismissively. “The only thing you have to do, is add a particular angel to your collection, and make sure he doesn’t escape.”
It had been just over 48 hours since he had spoken to Dean, since he had left him with the regrettable decision of kissing him on the forehead. Castiel craved his presence like a drug. Being away from Dean was so much harder since he had decided to move into the bunker, but Castiel couldn’t return, not right now. He needed to clear his head while he searched for Gabriel and weighed his options about the Mark of Cain, and it was impossible to think straight with Dean around. He hadn’t heard from Dean at all since he left the bunker, and it tugged at something in his chest. Would Dean even be willing to speak to him again after Castiel had so stupidly crossed a line of intimacy with him? Dean hadn’t called, hadn’t texted, hadn’t even prayed. It was.., unnerving. Castiel wondered if he had gone too far and Dean wouldn’t be able to forgive him, wouldn’t be able to move past the fact that Castiel had kissed-
Sam had immediately rolled over to check on Dean once he woke up. It was a habit that both the brothers had, their first instinct when they woke up was to always make sure that the other was okay. What Sam had not expected as to find his brother completely wrapped around a very confused, awkward looking angel.
There was a little voice in the back of Dean’s head reminding him that they were in a very crowded bar, and he was only one hip movement away from practically dry humping Cas against a pool table, but the need to touch Cas, the need to have him pressed against Dean like this was too busy distracting him from listening to it. He couldn’t even blame this on alcohol, or Djinn essence, or intimate dreams, or even truthfully teaching Cas to play pool at this point. This was all Dean, selfishly wanting to touch Cas and wanting to be touched by him. This was Dean wanting to indulge in what every atom of his body was craving, and he hated himself for it because he was taking advantage of the fact that Cas didn’t know that this was flirting, that this was Dean being wildly inappropriate.
“And what do you suppose I do?” He asked. His mother’s opinion was irrelevant, but her ideas weren’t always awful. He was leading the entire underworld, he couldn’t have everyone thinking he wouldn’t peel the flesh from their bones because they thought he would cave to the Winchester’s every request.
, and the whole thing was just fucked up. The whole thing had
Thank you so much for all the feedback and comments that I've received. I realize that this fic is going to be much longer than I intended, and because of that, the burn is a lot slower. But don't worry, Dean and Cas will end up together, and it won't be for only like two chapters. They'll have PLENTY of time together before the fic ends.  Thank you for being so patient, because I know how frustrating it is. <3
Dean pulled open the diner’s door with a little more force than necessary, and immediately sulked off to a booth in the corner. He sat down angrily, and Sam rolled his eyes at his pouting. “This is a good thing, Dean.” Sam said sliding in the side of the booth across from his brother.
As illogical as it was, Dean couldn’t help but feel like Cas knew what happened last night after he and Sam had left the bar. Cas had stopped reading minds years ago when he realized how much it bothered people, but Dean still felt like somehow, he just
“This is a terrible idea.” Sam muttered angrily as Dean spritzed himself with some cheap cologne he had grabbed at Walmart. His nose scrunched up when he smelled it. It wasn’t particularly
(See the end of the chapter for
The lit-up grace in Castiel’s palm spluttered and he only pushed harder, focused more. Dean suddenly made a terrible hacking sound, his body lurching with the force of the cough. Relief washed over Castiel so fast it was dizzying. He used more of his grace to clean off both Dean and his bed, before gently lifting the hunter and turning him over so that he could get the reassurance from Dean’s moving chest that he was actually breathing. Seeing the slow rise and fall of Dean’s chest under his grey Henley brought Castiel to his knees. He had saved Dean and managed to do it before Dean had the opportunity to come back as a demon. He dropped to the floor, his grace too weakened to bother fighting it. He let his forehead fall to Dean’s arm in relief, the skin still too cool for it to be comforting, and that’s when Castiel saw it.
Magnus walked around Castiel to observe his dry erase board. Natasha watching him quietly, using her thumb nail to nervously pick at the dark purple nail polish on her nails. Castiel went back to ignoring them both and trying not to think about Dean. He allowed his head to hang in exhaustion, barely registering what they were saying.
Cas leaned in to dip his finger into the jelly again, the inches that Dean had put between them now gone. And Dean was painfully aware of it. Any time Cas touched him, it was almost like a shock of static went through his body. He licked his lips, once again watching the angel lick and suck the jelly from his finger. Dean’s breath caught, and he cleared his throat. “It does taste like molecules.” Cas finally replied sadly. “But one of the things I miss about being human is the taste of food. I'm hoping if I keep trying it, I will become accustomed to it. Gabriel did and is quite fond of sweets. I suppose he had to adjust to it.” Dean cleared his throat again, shaking his head.
Cas sighed, but sat up and stopped leaning against Dean. He stretched and threw his arm around the back of the bench and looked at Dean expectantly. “Go on.”
And suddenly, that empathetic kick that Dean wished he had earlier kicked in. “It’s okay, Mr. Anderson.” He reached in his jacket pocket, pulling out his fake business card and handing it to him. “We’re actually staying in town. If you can think of anything that might help with Sean’s case, don’t hesitate to give us a call, okay?” Cyrus nodded. He looked from Dean to Cas, and then back at Dean.
After an hour and half, Dean was ready to give up. Sam had been blowing up his phone for the past 45 minutes, easily already done shopping for both his brother and Cas. Dean had already gotten Sam’s latte maker and brought it back to the Impala so that he didn’t have to carry it, but he still had no idea what to get Cas and he had looped the mall multiple times. When he stopped in front of the hippie store- Sunshine something- He was surprised to see Cas still inside having an animated conversation with one of the only individuals working that didn’t look stoned. Dean decided to go inside, because he felt like an idiot for not looking in the store that Cas had immediately made a beeline for.
Castiel sat at the edge of his bed with a heavy, unsure sigh. Shortly after Dean received a text from Sam, their evening together was cut short.  Dean’s mood had shifted entirely, and he was clearly upset, triggered by whatever it was that Sam had texted him. He and Castiel were in the Impala for no more than five minutes when Dean said that he needed to speak to Sam privately when they got back to the bunker. Dean sounded…angry, to put it lightly. His left knee had jiggled under the steering wheel nervously, and Castiel knew better than to question what he needed to speak to his brother about. Dean had remained quiet for most of the car ride but had kept shooting nervous glances at Castiel. The angel’s curiosity was almost overwhelming, but he knew better than to push Dean, especially nowadays when the human seemed always close to crawling out of his own skin.
, he had no interest in the show and found himself often watching Dean instead of the television. He laughed at all the scenes that were supposed to be funny, and provided the occasional commentary, but Castiel wasn’t fooled. Dean’s eyes were absolutely haunted with worry. He was worried about every monster he had yet to kill, worried about Rowena’s escape, worried bout the Mark of Cain, worried about what his brother and best friend were willing to do to get rid of it… and that only scratched the surface. Dean was always putting on his big brother façade where he wasn’t afraid of everyone and was always in control, but he never fooled Cas. The angel so desperately wanted to assure Dean that he didn’t have to do this around him, that he didn’t have anything to fake or prove to Cas. But he knew it would be something that Dean would either deny or shy away from, so instead, he sat with him on the lumpy couch and pretended to be interested in watching tv.
Anger immediately flared up in Dean’s chest. He slammed his beer on the table. “Oh yeah? And who the hell are they to say what makes you less of an angel? You’re more of an angel than all of those dicks combined. You’re the only one who-“
“Huh?” Dean mumbled, opening his eyes and making a quiet slurping sound from where he had nearly drooled all over Cas’ neck.
Dean was caught off guard by how that comment sounded to him and chastised himself for becoming such a girl since it stung. It wasn’t even about him. He didn’t care how the other angels felt about him, but he did care how they treated Cas because of it. He shrugged. “If your little coffee date is about the mark, it just seemed like it made sense for me to be there since I’m, you know,
After forcing himself out of bed and into the shower, Dean really did consider making some plans. He knew Jo would finish her shift at the Roadhouse around ten, and wouldn’t mind tossing back a couple of drinks with him if he asked her. Ellen would also be thrilled to see him and always complained that he never came around anymore. But he just wasn’t in the mood to be social, and that was probably why a text from the cute bartender went unanswered in his phone.
” He replaced the bee in its hive using his grace, and took flight to the bunker’s entrance, his wings carrying him much faster than his legs could. He cursed the warding on the bunker, having to throw the door open by hand and run down the stairs to Dean’s room, the sigils preventing him from flying straight to Dean. Dean’s prayer had been so weak and desperate.
“Are you fucking kidding me?” Dean wasn’t really shocked that that was what got his vocal cords moving. “I can’t
“I’m in love with Cas.” Dean blurted out the words so fast that he didn’t even have time to attempt the word vomit from coming out. He stared at Sam in horror.
Cas knew it was an astronomically bad idea to be in love with Dean. Dean had so much love to offer every person that he allowed into his life, but none of it was romantic. He never let himself go that far, gave that much of himself away. Even when Dean was with Lisa, Cas watched him from afar and saw him stay guarded, watched him only allow pieces of himself to be shown to the woman he loved. Dean was fully capable of being in love with someone but would never allow himself to indulge in it. Especially not Castiel. Not someone he considered family, and one of the only friends he had left. His vessel was wrong. The timing was wrong. And Castiel knew that no one like him would ever deserve Dean. Castiel knew that it was one sided, and a vast part of him was fine with that, but there was a part of him that craved more than he would ever get from Dean.
because the giant ogre was too busy staring at his phone and grinning like a maniac. Dean had some sort of harsh joke to throw his way but lost the composure to make it when he thought that Sam might be talking to Eileen. Dean didn’t know too much about the situation yet, and didn’t want to pry, but he was pretty sure Sam had been talking to her almost constantly.
“I just hope we don’t have to deal with any dumbass teenagers trying to bet each other if they can survive the night in the circle.” Dean added. His eyes flickered back to the mirror to make contact with Cas’ again. “You have any idea how we should take this thing down? With it being Satan at all, I mean. We have holy water, holy oil, Ruby’s knife, an angel blade-“
. He had been using the Djinn juice to fight the mark, to make him feel better, to make him forget just how bad he wanted something he couldn’t have. He looked down at his dream arm. The mark wasn’t even there.
Dean and Cas said their goodbyes, and exited Cyrus’ and Sean’s home, their hearts feeling a lot heavier than they had this morning. When they got to the Impala, Dean immediately reached for the door, but Cas sort of stood there awkwardly, staring at the car before him.
Dean frowned. “Don’t say shit like that, Cas. You’re awesome grace or no grace. You just need to focus more.”
of that by
Sam ran his fingers through his hair, pushing it out of the way. “Local’s boats have been sinking. Usually with them on it. The news has been blaming it on the storms that have been hitting the area lately, but it’s still suspicious when even the storms are abnormal. It’s not just locals either. People have disappeared from various hotels near the beach over the past few months. The Sonesta Resort is the latest place to get hit. Some rich old golfer in his mid-forties was last seen drinking at the bar one night and then he just disappeared.”
Which is why it shocked him when he found himself pushed against the bathroom wall a few minutes later. Seb wasted no time, sliding his tongue past Dean’s lips and pressing his body against Dean’s. Dean shuddered at the delicious scrape of Seb’s beard against his skin and whined when he felt the other hunter ruck his shirt up to splay a hot hand over his abs. Seb grinded his hips down against Dean’s and a breathy moan escaped Dean’s lips. He couldn’t believe he had tried to deny his attraction for men for so long, and he kept trying to talk over the voice in his head screaming a mantra of
, it didn’t change his feelings towards his best friend. Neither did thinking about the fact that Cas was a dude in some of the ways that mattered. Cas could be an alien with twelve tentacles and Dean knew he would still be enamored over Cas. Hell, the tentacle thing might be kind of cool.
Dean grinned. “No, not really. Seriously, sit up. I have a question.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas snorted before what Dean said actually sank in and he had time to get offended. “Hey, I
“Go.” Sam urged, as they both turned to the sound, watching as the water a couple of yards away rippled towards them. “Cas, go! I’ll hold this one off but I’m only going to slow you down. Go save Dean.”
heaven. That’s just someone else’s heaven that you enjoy. Do angels not get their own heaven? Surely you guys get your own paradise when you die.” Castiel remained silent for a moment, his eyebrows scrunched together, focused deep in thought.
Dean pulled into the parking lot of the costume store, trying to explain to Cas what the point of cosplay was. Cas was completely confused, but Dean was patient, his tone reassuring, and Sam had to stop himself from being a bratty little brother and making a gagging nose. Everything just made so much more sense now that Sam knew he was right. Sam had literally never seen Dean act so sweet over something as simple as explaining what a term meant, and it was disgustingly cute. He was waiting for an opportunity to get Dean alone to talk about it, but he knew his attempts would be futile. Dean would deny his feelings for Cas until he was blue in the face. But if Sam could figure out if Castiel felt the same… maybe it would be easier to get Dean to admit it. It would definitely be easier on Sam. They needed to get this out of their system, so he didn’t have to deal with them staring at each other all the time.
As though Vera could see he was distracted, she grabbed him by his shirt and pulled him in, bringing their lips together. Dean stumbled into the kiss but kissed her back enthusiastically, her soft lips just the distraction he needed. When he pulled away, she looked up at him, her big, blue eyes sparkling with longing. “I’ve had fun tonight.” She admitted.
and deserving of good things.” Cas left the kitchen in the whip of a trench coast out the room before Dean could reply.
Cas pulled back, his eyes searching Dean’s. “I need you to tell me if you want to stop, Dean.” There was concern in his voice. He was giving Dean an out. He was giving Dean the opportunity to shut all of this down, as if Dean hadn’t fantasized and fixated on this exact moment for longer than he could remember.
“I wish I was, buddy. But this? This ain’t how things are between us. Not in the real world.” He hated how his voice broke. He hated how he could feel tears springing to his eyes.
was back on. He worried his bottom lip but turned his attention back to the television.
Castiel tilted his head, his eyes scanning over Dean’s face. “What do you mean, Dean?”
“What makes you believe that its Gabriel?” Castiel asked, knowing that the other angel was incredibly good at covering his tracks.
“Yeah,
“They’re not all dead.”
be a little weird for you guys to read the books. Forget I said that.”
Cas took a sip from his glass, grimacing slightly at the taste. “After doing some research, I think I know who the malevolent spirit is. The owner of the establishment… Molly, I believe?” Dean nodded. “Research revealed that her mother and father owned the Inn before she did.” Dean nodded again, Sam had already told him this information but Cas seemed eager to help. “But Molly was unaware of the fact that her father was having an affair-“ Dean choked on his whiskey a little, and played it off with a cough. “-but he wasn’t having sexual relations with a woman, he was having sexual relations with another man.” Dean couldn’t even cover up the choking this time, and at the glass down all together. After hacking up the stray whiskey and half his lung, he cleared his throat.
"Awkward?'
“Dean!” Cas tried again, firmer this time.
“Oooh, this one’s pretty, Sebastian.” She teased, not taking her eyes off Dean.
"Don't." Dean growled. "Don't say it. This has to be a trap."
carefully. One wrong ingredient, or one ingredient added in the incorrect order could cause catastrophic events to take place. Knocking the earth off its axis wasn’t exactly what they were aiming for right now. When she was done, she handed an enchanted dagger to him, and motioned for him to give his sacrifice to complete the first part of the spell. Crowley took the blade, bringing it to his forearm and slicing into the skin without so much as a flinch.  Blood oozed from the wound, dribbling across his skin until it dripped off into the bowl. Rowena immediately snatched it back, the last ingredient pinched between her thumb, index, and middle finger. She reread the last passage one last time, looking at the ground up wendigo fang dust between her fingers to make sure she had enough. She took a deep breath and spoke in perfect Latin. “Surge, o anima condemnabitar. Redire ex qua venesti!” She rubbed her fingers together, causing the dust to drop into the bowl. It immediately burst into purple flames before burning out completely.
Dean gave him a very sympathetic look, wishing he knew how to properly console Cas, even if he was kind of a dick that plotted with his brother behind his back. “Hey, buddy. You know you can always stay here.” He wished Cas would stay. As long as he was in the bunker, Dean knew he was safe and didn't have to worry about some winged bastard shoving an angel blade through his chest.
“It would smell like leather, and cheap whiskey, and flannel, with this faint hint of something I can never place.” Maybe it was his near death experience, but Sam could almost feel the gears grinding in his brain. “It would shine brighter than any other heaven I’ve ever visited. It would feel like home, and I would never want to leave-“
Dean frowned and draped his arm over Cas’ stomach. It wasn’t like they were cuddling, he was just… getting more comfortable. That was all. “Did it use your grace to have to do that? Your eyes glowed too.”
“I don’t know, Dean.” Sam responded pissily. “When are you going to make a move on Cas?”
Seb dropped his hands, but not before planting one last gentle kiss on Dean’s lips. “I had fun tonight, Dean.”
. What am I supposed to do, let you suffer while I sit here with my thumb up my ass?”
“Oh!” Sam was shocked that he suddenly felt a little disappointed. If they were
Crowley narrowed his eyes at her. She was baiting him. He knew it. He took the bait anyway. “And what’s wrong with my plan?”
Dean allowed his head to hang, his chin lying against his chest. There wasn’t a cure. There was nothing they could do, and he was so sick of their false hope.
Dean worried his bottom lip. He wanted to make a joke about it being traumatizing to be constantly stung, but he had a feeling that Cas wouldn’t find it funny. He didn’t know what to say.
A lot of things happened when Sam went off to college, and Dean couldn’t think of a single one that he was proud of. If he was being completely honest, Sam leaving had destroyed him, and almost destroyed the relationship Dean had with his father. Dean would always love his dad. Despite being a drunk, sometimes abusive asshole, the man still did the best he could when he could. And Dean would always be forever grateful for that. But when Sam had left, the drunkenness was more than just occasional. They had tried to hunt together in Sam’s absence at first. But Sam was the glue that held the remainder of their family together. Once Sam was out of the picture, Dean and John’s relationship had become more and more strained every day. At first, they had tried to pretend like everything was fine, that they could function without Sam. They continued to try to hunt together like they would have if Sam was still there. But it rapidly became apparent that they were both taking the loss harder than they wanted to let on. John began drinking more and more, and eventually started blaming Dean for Sam’s sudden decision to give up hunting, and that was the last straw. Dean had missed Sam so god damn much, and Dean was
Dean’s eyes dropped to his empty plate nervously. “Ah, I was hoping you had maybe missed that part.” Dean didn’t give a shit that gardening was classified as girlie and didn’t give a shit what other people thought. But he was always hesitant about revealing this part of himself. He knew Cas wouldn’t judge him. Having a soft spot for insects and selling honey at a Farmer’s Market wasn’t exactly the manliest pastime. Cas kept staring at him expectantly. What did he have to lose anyway? “Ugh, sure, I guess. But if you have anything bad to say, I’m pushing you in the pond.” Dean said, getting up and pushing his chair in before bringing their plates to the sink.
Dean ignored the Mark mumbling something about bringing the machete down anyway, and brought the blade to his side, readjusting his grip. “Have you seen any yet?”
“If your pool skills are anything like your skills at the gun range, I don’t think I have anything to worry about.” Dean replied cockily, a teasing grin on his face.
Inside there were six and a half vials full of pale blue liquid, along with a syringe and a couple of needles. Dean nearly gagged at the thought of using needles that had already been used on someone, even though he figured that the Men of Letters were probably smart enough to throw out needles after each use. Besides, Dean had his own medical kit in his room. Dean left the syringe and needles and cautiously picked up the vials, pleased to see that their lids were also droppers. How convenient.
Ariel stared at Castiel for a moment. He knew she was waiting for him to calm down. His anger was not at her. But he also knew that despite Ariel’s disdain towards Heaven since their Father had left, she never once turned off angel radio, she had to know why trusting Naomi was a monumentally bad idea. She had to have heard the gossip that spread like wild fire when Castiel’s mind was finally his own again after Noami had dug her fingers into it. Ariel pressed her lips together in thought for a moment before speaking. “There’s no way for me to say this and it not sound cruel. You weren’t the first angel Heaven ‘reset’, and you most likely won’t be the last. Brainwashing is hardly the worst thing another angel has done to you. Why such a hatred for Naomi?”
But as Dean drove on, the weight he felt on his shoulders only grew heavier.
“Shit.” Dean muttered, standing up straight and tightening his grip on the angel blade. He and Castiel made their way over to Sam cautiously as he finished tracing the last line of the devil’s trap with holy oil. Sam tossed the empty canister to the side and pulled out the demon killing knife, swallowing his nervousness.
“I don’t think that’ll be a problem, Dean. Even the angels that are still kinda pissed at him have accepted that he’s the reason they’re back in Heaven with their wings on. Even the ones that hate him-“ Dean frowned deeply. “-still owe him some sort of respect for that. Besides, we’ve seen him taking down like four angels at once. I’m pretty sure he can handle himself.”
“You should do it now, Dean.”
“That’s just it. We don’t know. We’ve never seen anything like it before. At first we thought it was a werewolf, but it just doesn’t fit the lore. It was like nothing we had could kill the damn thing.” Bobby responded gruffly. The older man rubbed his eyes. Dean leaned against the doorframe, grateful for the man that had been their father more times than John Winchester ever could.
you and tell you I was here.” Seb stood up straight.
. Dean tangled his hands in Seb’s hair and was completely along for the ride and at the other man’s mercy until Seb reached for his belt buckle and everything came to a screeching halt. Dean’s lungs constricted in panic and he grabbed Seb’s hand to stop him.
Ariel- the “lion of God"; the angel of protection.
“I believe you’re the one that’s stubborn. How often do I have to remind you that everything I’ve done, I’ve done for you? And you still don’t seem to understand.”
When Dean looked up at Cas, he was looking at the hunter like he was the most incredible thing in the world. There was so much adoration and relief on Cas’ face, like he had been afraid that Dean might have a negative reaction to seeing his wings. “Can I touch them?” Dean asked hoarsely, his tongue feeling much too large for his mouth. He was surprised he could make words come out at all.
“By bringing me back? How did you manage that?” He peered around Crowley to check Rowena out, his eyes resting on the book in front of her. Her chains clanked loudly as she nervously and instinctually tried to hide behind Crowley a little more.
Dean grabbed his duffle bag, pulling out his shotgun with the salt rounds in it. “Let’s go.”
“Go have a few drinks and relax, Dean. I’ll stay here with Sam. I’ll let him rest for a few more moments and begin healing him again.”
Castiel did not like the show
Cas rolled his eyes. “I’m an angel. You seem to keep forgetting that.” Dean just shook his head, putting the car in park.
“Dude…” Dean expressed in awe.
you, Dean. I will do whatever it takes to save you from the mark. I don’t know how long I’ll be gone. But please understand that this is for you. I am not abandoning you, and I’m always just a phone call or a prayer away.” Castiel hesitated, the impulse to lean down and kiss Dean goodbye was overwhelming. Instead, he just stroked his thumbs over Dean’s day-old stubble gently. Dean’s wide eyes were watching him unblinkingly, a look of pure awe on his face. Castiel gave in to his impulse, but instead of kissing Dean on the lips, he planted a gentle kiss to Dean’s forehead before turning and leaving without another word.
in general, he felt like it was a good time to speak up. “What are we doing, Cas?”
“My apologies, Dean.” Castiel responded sarcastically.
“Mine has a much bigger yard.” Cas laughed. “I needed the extra land for beekeeping. Though, I really am sorry that I missed out on the beautiful pond and weeping willow. The last time I saw it, the yard was gorgeous.”
“I planned on spending time with you.” Cas said, as if that wasn’t a comment that made Dean’s heart flutter. “And Sam.” He added slowly, as if he had forgotten about Sam for a moment.
“I’ll heal him.” Castiel said immediately, his eyebrows furrowed. Did they keep forgetting he was an angel?
“Well look who’s back!” Dean said enthusiastically when Cas made his way down the stairs of the bunkers entrance. Sam gave him an annoyed look due to his distraction, but he ignored it. He had been having a mini freak out worried about what kind of trouble snooping about the mark could’ve gotten the angel into.
“See? I told you.” Olivia said, smiling reassuring to Mia. She turned to Bethany expectantly and urged her to ask a question since the whole thing had been her idea.
In the short ten minutes it took to get to the bunker, Dean was already back to his mopey self from earlier, and immediately began dragging his feet to his bedroom. Sam tried to stop him, but Dean just wasn’t having it. He locked himself in his room for the rest of the day, digging out some cheap, emergency liquor he hid in his underwear drawer. It was disgusting, but he didn’t want to go to the kitchen to get the good stuff until he knew Sam had went to bed. He was worried about running into Cas when it came time to raid the liquor cabinet, but as the day slipped into night, Cas still hadn’t returned. Dean was barely tipsy and growing increasingly more frustrated at the fact that Cas wasn’t home. He was teetering between over protective boyfriend and mother hen-ing parent and he hated himself for it. Cas was a grown ass angel. He could do what he wanted, with who he wanted. At that thought, Dean’s mind produced an image of Cas kissing some mystery girl (well, angel), and Dean wanted to throw up. It had been 20 minutes since Sam’s bedroom door had closed. He should be in the clear.
It was
“Lie back down, Sam. You’re hurt. I’m trying to heal you but I’m not exactly sure what I’m dealing with. I don’t want to hurt you.”
“Yes, I’ll cut up some fruit, Sammy.” Dean groaned dramatically. “Even though the jelly on the toast counts as fruit.”
story. This wasn’t puppy love, or Dean trying to play house. This was someone that he would never have to change for or give up hunting for. Hell, Cas could hunt
Cas opened his mouth the argue that angels didn’t have genders for the millionth time, but then closed his mouth and just glared at Dean. “If she is reaching out to me this late, it must be of import. I will return to the bunker when I have finished speaking with her. Goodbye, Dean.”
“Dean!” Cas growled. Dean immediately shut his mouth, swallowing so hard that his Adam’s apple bobbed roughly. Castiel’s eyes tracked the movement before flickering back to Dean’s anxious green eyes. “It’s all right. It’s like you said the last time we when in bed together-” Dean swallowed roughly again. “-it’s...involuntary.”
Dean suddenly realized how traumatic it was for Cas to think about killing him, and he felt like an asshole for even suggesting it. Instead of responding, he pulled Cas into his arms by his shoulders and hugged him. Cas hugged him back and Dean internally swore at how their hugs always felt so desperate, that he rarely had the spine to initiate a hug when one of them wasn’t falling apart or when they thought they had lost each other.
It wasn’t long before Dean found himself stumbling to the Impala, dragging Daniel behind him. He had almost chickened out, and settled for lighting up a cigarette and offering his companion one while he mentally told himself to slow down and think about what he was doing. He didn’t normally smoke, only when he had a few too many drinks and the drag relaxed him. Many hunters smoked, bad habits seemed to gravitate towards the job. But it seemed stupid for Dean to pick up a habit that could make running difficult when he literally found himself running for his life on some cases. And yet here he was, sharing a smoke underneath a buzzing lamppost, leaned against his car and drowning in the intensity of Daniel’s amber colored eyes.
Vera dramatically tapped her chin as if in thought. “How about this, Dean… the next time I decide to go out on the open water, I give you a call. You can protect me.”
pouting), but he didn’t have time to complain because Cas intertwined their fingers and was pulling him towards the door to the penthouse, the key card already in hand. Dean was pretty sure the key was in his own pocket, and had no idea when Cas had retrieved it.
The hand suddenly withdrew from Dean’s chest as the spirit screeched. Dean opened his eyes to see the ghostly figure go up in flames. “Sam…” he croaked thankfully, knowing that Sam must have found whatever was trapping the spirit. He slid down the wall, sinking to the floor. He shook his head violently, shaking off the cold feeling that had spread over his body, and the thoughts of what the spirit had said. “I’m not gay!” he screamed at the spot that the ghost had burst into the flames. “I’m straighter than the stick that’s up Cas’ ass.” He added for good measure, rubbing the Mark since it was still burning.
Before Castiel could even react, Dean’s lips were on his. Despite Castiel’s shock, a content moan escaped through his lips. Dean’s fingers found their way to Castiel’s hair, knotting in them and pulling him closer with each, desperate, loving kiss. Dean kissed down Castiel’s jawline, to his neck. His lips curled into a smile against Castiel’s neck as he felt the goosebumps from his stubble spread across Castiel’s skin like wildfire. This. This is what Dean had wanted. This is what he had needed for so long. Castiel’s hands found their way to Dean’s hips, pulling him all the more closer. Dean sighed hungrily, working his way back to Castiel’s mouth. His fingers released Castiel’s hair, only to work their way under his trenchcoat, shoving it off of him and to the ground. He could tell Cas was nervous. But just as Castiel had promised to prove to Dean that he was worth loving, Dean’s lips were tracing a silent promise to him that there was nothing to be afraid of. As long as Dean was there, Castiel didn’t have to fear a thing.
“Huh?” Dean replied dumbly.
Castiel appeared next to him with a glare, causing Dean to jump. “I wanted to make sure he was dead.” He replied airily, causing Dean to give him a sheepish grin. Castiel then turned his attention to both of them, though he struggled to pull his eyes away from Dean. “We won’t have to worry about either of them anymore.”
Long chapter is long, because for whatever reason I struggle with writing about Christmas and really didn't want to break it up in two painful chapters that you would all have to force yourself through. I apologize in advance if this chapter is boring. It's more focused on detail and Dean's internal thoughts than actual dialogue.
“You know, if someone would have tried to tell me that Dean would be anything but this skirt chasing playboy, I wouldn’t have believed them. But then you came into the picture. You changed a lot of things, Cas. You’ve changed a lot of Dean. It
“Is my baby brother actually becoming a man? Developing feelings for a woman? Oh man, they grow up so fast…It’s like just yesterday I was changing your gross ass diapers…” Dean mocked until Sam shoved him grumpily, causing Dean to swerve a little as he barked out a laugh.
“Yeah, because
if it will. I would ask you if the app is helping, but it was never supposed to.” Dean sat up straight to shoot Sam a disgusted look. Sam held up his hands placatingly. “I was hoping it would push you in the right direction. You may not be able to watch your cowboy fetish movies-“ Dean scowled. “-or tune up the Impala, or listen to the same bands over and over, or hunt with some random person in Kansas. But you
Padding back to the living room, Dean heard “Long, Long Way from Home” by Foreigner coming from his phone. For the phone to be a cheap little burner, it had some killer speakers, and all the way down the hall he could hear every word. He found himself bellowing out the lyrics and dancing again. When he reached the living him, he put his hands on his hips, admiring how shiny the floor was. He wiggled his toes, remembering that he was in socks… in his underwear…. With a nice slick floor in front of him…
was terrifying and completely unrealistic. It wasn’t even about sex. That was the scary part. Sure, when Cas got particularly smitey, Dean’s dick would stir and want to be invited to the party, but that wasn’t even the part that Dean ached for, the part that he could feel in his bones. He wanted Cas in ways he could never have him. He wanted Cas in ways that he had never wanted anyone, not Cassie, not Lisa, not
"Yeah." Sam's face lit up, his eyes bright and his grin wide. "She doesn't really know what happened. She just.... came back later than everyone else? She wants me to meet up with her-"
Without meaning to, his mind began to wander to what it had tried to go to earlier in the car with Cas. Thinking about that could have led to Cas reading his mind, which could lead to him accidentally mentioning it to Sammy, which meant Dean would have to explain… and Dean wasn’t about to explain to his brother what went down when he had gone off to Stanford.
“Well as you know, Tulpas are manifested by people focusing on an idea, or in this case, the lore.” Dean tensed. Based on the name of the area, he didn’t even want to hear about the lore. “The legend says that the reason nothing grows in the circle is because the devil himself paces in that very circle whenever he’s thinking, or plotting the destruction of the world.”
Because things had gotten much, much worse with Sam and his dad gone. Much worse than drinking, smoking, random hookups and letting some guy blow him in the parking lot of a bar. He had done things that brought tidal waves of shame washing over him, things he could never let Sammy know about. It’s not that Sam would judge him. Hell, as much as he loved his brother, he still knew that he was the last person to ever have the right to judge someone. It wasn’t about that. If Sam knew about his past, he would know what a hypocrite Dean had been, he would know just how truly awful his brother was. And Sam looked up to him. He had admitted it himself, on more than one occasion. Sometimes Dean caught Sam looking at him with so much love and admiration that it made Dean’s chest feel tight. Sam had had faith in him when no one else had. Dean didn’t think he could take the hit of Sam no longer looking at him like he was actually worth something.
Castiel narrowed his eyes at Dean from across the table. The two of them had decided to wait until Sam returned before discussing the case, and now that he was back, Dean couldn’t help but wonder why Cas didn’t just handle the ghost himself. They were all sitting in the room that they normally used for research, and Dean had pushed all the books to one side of the table to give them some room.
honey that his dumb bees had made from stealing ingredients from
spray paint for
Ariel frowned at him before speaking. “I was. I’ve been in hiding for decades now. It’s been nice. I don’t wish to return to Heaven.” She fixed him with a look, clearly stating she didn’t expect him to change her mind.
“Uh, maybe not.” Dean lied. “There’s just some…. Odd things we heard about that we need to check out.”
“Get the light.” Sam said quietly. Something about his voice turned Dean’s stomach, but he flipped the light switch anyway, blinking rapidly to adjust his eyes to the now lit room. Sam was crouching in front of a cage, but not even his wide shoulders could block the view in front of him.
“There has to be another way.” Castiel’s voice was determined.
He grinded his teeth until his jaw popped. “What do you suggest I do then?”
Dean shrugged casually. Dean didn’t want to lie to him, but he also didn’t trust him enough to reveal that he was on a hunt with his brother and best friend.
“Dean? Dean, what’s wrong?” Castiel questioned, already standing and heading for the exit so that he could fly away without being seen.
. Its medical inaccuracies were so appalling that he had a hard time believing it had been on for so many seasons and had an even harder time believing that someone as intelligent as Dean enjoyed watching it. Castiel had shed his trench coat and suit jacket along with his tie and shoes with Dean’s encouragement. He even allowed Dean to roll up his sleeves again even though he was fully capable of doing it himself. Dean had switched into worn out sweatpants and an old Avengers t-shirt that Castiel was pretty sure had holes in it. They were sitting side by side on the couch, close enough so that their knees and shoulders often brushed.
, and for whatever reason, he couldn’t convince himself to push the topic.
“Anyone picks a particular day to actually think about it?” Dean asked. Cas nodded. Dean drank from his bottle, draining more than necessary. “You know, I was thinking the same thing. I guess people feel like with it being a new year, they get to start over with like a clean slate or something.” Dean snorted. “Wouldn’t that be nice?” He self-consciously rubbed his hand across the mark.
When Sam looked over at Castiel, he looked perplexed. “Do you know who Balthioul got permission from to do this? It’s… unheard of.” The angel said.
Cas sighed, looking back at Dean and continuing. “But… I feel like I shouldn’t be. I shouldn’t be able to enjoy spending time with you when I owe so much to the other angels, owe so much to Heaven. That should be my number one priority. I feel…”
Dean hadn’t realized the episode had ended until Cas shifted, slowly taking his wing back hesitantly. Dean tried not to mourn the loss of warmth on his lap as Cas sat up. His hair was sticking up from where he had decided to get cuddly with Dean’s shoulder, and it made Dean smile. It was cute. Cas shouldn’t be allowed to be so cute. When the fuck did Dean start thinking
“No! It’s just…” Dean didn’t really have an answer. He definitely wasn’t planning on having sex in the grimy bathroom of a wannabe goth bar, but he also was expecting to have a little fun. It just didn’t feel right. Sam and Cas were probably waiting up for him wondering what in the hell he was doing. And what was he doing? He didn’t even know this guy, and while that didn’t stop him from hooking up with people in the past, there was something in his gut telling him that this whole situation was wrong.
“I’m checking to make sure we have enough beer.” Dean interrupted with a scowl, walking out of the den and towards the kitchen before Sam could finish his smug sentence. Opening the fridge, a little anxiety began building in the pit of Dean’s stomach. He knew what he was doing. Sure, the whole celebrating holidays was for all of them, it was to give the illusion of normalcy for his small family, but on a subconscious level he knew it was more than that. He knew that this was him trying to prove some point to Cas that earth and its little traditions were worth sticking around for because he was terrified of the day when Cas chose to leave again.
his boyfriend (which he’d never be), that this stranger would be totally okay with it.
“I can’t help but notice how, uh, relaxed you are.” Dean said with a smirk, taking a long drag.
Hunting kept Sam, Dean, and Cas busy consistently the next couple of weeks.  Every time a hunt would come up, Sam would give him that concerned, cautious look, wondering if this would be the hunt that would do him in, turn him back into something that was no longer Dean. But he had nothing to worry about. The Djinn juice was doing wonders at bringing Dean back down to earth when the Mark of Cain threatened to take over. He knew that both Sam and Cas were suspicious over how he could manage to go from nearly decapitating Sam to being more Zen than a monk, but he kept redirecting them and telling them that after the incident in the vampire nest, he had done a lot of soul searching and it helped him keep his focus and control. Of course, Sam didn’t buy it fully, but pretended to and teased Dean relentlessly about meditation and kept telling him that he was going to buy him a yoga mat for his next birthday.
This was about him being so god damn in love with Castiel that it scared the absolute hell out of him.
Dean typed in ‘violent deaths in Quantico, Virginia’ into the search engine, and the news article popped up instantly. He wished Charlie was still around. He had never gotten the chance to thank her for the high speed connection she hooked the bunker up with. He had never gotten the chance to do a lot of things. He pushed the thoughts out of his mind.
, ached to be someone better, but it was hard to listen to that part of himself when he’s this happy. Sometimes they had days like this where they don’t have the responsibilities of hunters. Sometimes Sam still looked at him like he did when he was a little kid, like Dean was a hero and someone to be admired. Sometimes Cas said things to him about his soul being beautiful or reminded him that he could never regret pulling Dean from Hell. Those moments were the moments that Dean wished he wasn’t so greedy, wished that he would stop hoping for more. Hunters weren’t allowed to have more. Dean wasn’t allowed to have more.
Castiel sighed and rubbed the back of his neck. Dean smiled at how human the response was. “I still feel as though I owe a great deal to my brothers and sisters. But I... I don't think I'm very welcome in Heaven. Those that want me there want me to be a leader. Regardless of what I choose to do, if I stay in Heaven I'm failing someone. I have to make amends for what I've done, but I'm no leader.”
Dean swallowed his sandwich bite roughly and scowled at Cas. “Dude, what’s your problem lately? First you have an issue with my cooking, now you have an issue with me trying to get a date?”
“Thanks for the help!” He called out to thin air, rolling his eyes.
“Do you mind if we check out the remaining boats docked here?” Sam asked, interrupting the bedroom eyes Vera was currently giving Dean. He had all the paperwork she had given them in a manila folder tucked under his arm, and it was their last sweep of the marina before they headed back to the resort to regroup and grab some food.
“What’s Tinder?” Sam rolled his eyes before tapping the word ‘enter’ on the screen. Heart shaped balloons floated up from the bottom of the screen as a transition to the next page of the app. Dean wanted to puke his whiskey up all over Sam’s lap and it wasn’t because he was drunk. This was just painfully cheesy.
“So, we’re free?” Dean asked. Sam nodded. “Yeah, okay. Let’s go shoot some pool or something tonight.” He shrugged. “We can go to that bar that has the really awesome nachos.”
sober. “It doesn’t matter what I
Rowena finally insisted that she found a spell in
“He’s inside. He looks real bad.” Dean blinked, and Castiel was gone. Dean knew he was inside, looking over Sam. But normally, he would have just walked inside with Dean. Dean felt an unwelcome pang of sadness and guilt as he realized Castiel was avoiding him.
about giving up. “You’re almost done anyway.”
Cas just rolled his eyes, turning a page in his book. Dean squinted, and just made out it was titled
Dean panicked, and with that came word vomit. “Stay.”
“The lid of the salt shaker came off, Dean!” Castiel exclaimed. A part of him wanted to use his grace to make Dean trip as he walked back to the oven, laughing.
Magnus walked over to the demon blade, picking it up only to approach Dean. “The angel didn’t want to show me his powers. He’s been such a disobedient, reluctant pet.”
Sam cleared his throat. “So, hotel and then food? I’m starving but I’m so ready to get out of this suit.”
“Dean, I could have had another plate clean in the blink of your eye.”
Dean didn’t give Sam time to finish because he was already out of the Impala, slamming his door and wincing slightly at how he was taking his anger out on the car.
“Of course, dear! Ask away.”
Claire bit her lip. Her eyes were haunted with things Cas knew she desperately wanted to say but was choosing not to. She dropped her phone in her lap and took a deep breath. She looked at him, her big blue cautious as she finally decided to confide in him. “I’m going to have to introduce them eventually, aren’t I? I know we’re moving kinda fast, but I think… I think I love him. Maybe I’m not
“Whoa whoa whoa. Hold the fuck up. Angels have a
“Dean.”
Dean bit his lip before asking “You said that it was a part of the human experience for you. Dating. Does that mean that you have no interest in it now that you’re souped up again?”
crush on his attractive, strange (but somehow charming) neighbor. Sue him. He barely knew the guy, but it had been way too long since he had last gotten laid, and he had a thing for the baby blues. And it wasn’t like he was a dick; his bees just were. Dean shot him a dazzling, charming smile, and reached for his own mailbox without taking his eyes off Cas. He had no idea if Cas was into dudes, but a little flirting would probably give him an answer. His smile immediately fell when he suddenly felt a sharp pain in his left hand as soon as it met his mailbox.
Dean flipped through the channels on the cheap motel room tv while Cas was next to him on the edge of the bed, practically pouting that Dean wouldn’t stop channel surfing for a documentary about beetles. Sam rolled his eyes at the two and continued to pack his bag so they could checkout of the motel and get an early lunch. He folded his last flannel and tucked it into his duffle just as his phone rang, Jody’s name lighting up the screen.
“Cas, you’re doing it wrong.” He kept his voice soft, slightly intimidated by the raw energy coming off of Castiel as he removed the shooting range earmuffs from his head.
Dean and Castiel had been at the shooting range in the bunker for the past hour. Dean was leaned against the wall, giving Cas space to fire. The hunter bit his lip to stop himself from snickering when Cas missed the target
Next, she hugged Dean. He wrapped his arms around her tightly and closed his eyes just as tight. Sam knew how hard this was for his brother. He knew the guilt that Dean carried, the guilt that he himself carried. He heard Dean mumble an apology into Charlie’s hair, but she immediately shushed him. Sam had his own apology to spill, and he wondered if Charlie would have the same reaction towards him since her death was his fault. She whispered something in Dean’s ear before he pulled away, and when Dean let go of her, his eyes were wide, and his cheeks were red. He glanced over at Cas before his eyes flickered back to her. She gave him a knowing smirk that had Cas furrowing his eyebrows at the two of them.
to sit next to Dean at a cheesy tiki bar on earth. He chose to sit in the bunker and watch westerns with Dean when he could be changing the world. He chose to fight alongside Dean, to always come back to him. He chose Dean. Every single time. Dean didn’t have faith that God ever answered prayers. He had learned a long time ago that his prayers went unanswered. But this one time, Dean was praying that God would just have mercy, would just let him have this one thing.
“I don’t understand.” Cas said squinting. “What does the plant phoradendron leucarpum have to do with Christmas?”
“Holy shit.” Dean muttered in awe, watching Cas’ eyes return to their normal blue before flickering to Cas’ massive, beautiful wings. Cas was suddenly pressing Dean back into the mattress, kissing him desperately. Dean met his lips with equal fervor, completely ignoring the broken glass on the bed or the come cooling on his skin. Yeah, he was definitely bi. So bi. And watching Cas come had easily worked its way to number one material in his spank bank. His hands roamed Cas’ broad, still clothed shoulders as the angel pinned him to the bed, and he went to reach for Cas’ wings when he winced, realizing that his hand wasn’t exactly clean. “Cas.” He had to push Cas back to even get his name out and it made him grin. “As fun as this has been, we really need to clean up.”
“Yeah, they have the tendency to get pretty fluffy this time of year. It’s getting cold, they gotta stay warm. It's almost the end of November.” Dean’s grin widened.
“Big talk for someone who no longer has the First Blade.”
The best part was when Cas agreed to watch movies with Dean. Sam always threw a bitch fit about Dean wanting to watch the same movies over and over, but Cas hadn’t seen
The relief on Cas’ face was immediate, and his shoulders even sagged in solace. “It seems that you were having a very bad panic attack.” The angel replied. His hands were still on Dean’s face and Dean could feel his skin heat under his palms and fingertips. “You kept calling for me.”
“No, you know how to shoot a
“Just drink the beer, dammit.” Dean huffed, sitting down next to him. Sam didn’t comment on how when it was just the two of them, Dean made a point to sit on the other side of the table. “How’s heaven?” Dean finally asked conversationally through a mouthful of food.
Cas looked at her, his eyebrows tented in confusion. “Why would I need your number?” He asked, not even giving her time to respond before he turned back to Dean so that they could leave.
“I thought you got a call about a case this morning.” Dean replied, shoving fries in his mouth.
to sleep while you’re here. You can just sorta, you know, hangout. Right, Dean?” He kicked Dean under the table because he was just staring at Cas with his mouth slightly open.
Cas had even less of a filter when he had been drinking. He was currently in the middle of an in depth rant about the exact shade of green Dean’s eyes were, and it had Dean squirming in his seat, needing to change the subject. “What are you drinking?” he asked, swishing the ice in his whiskey with a flick of his wrist.
The angel stared at him for a moment. He was doing his all too familiar head tilt and eye squint, and he was surveying Dean carefully. Dean felt like those eyes could see right through him, and sometimes he half expected them to turn red and literally go right through him like Superman or some shit. “Dean, I think I have found some information that could help you with your case.” He finally spoke, though he still had a strange, almost accusing look on his face.
“Hey, how’s Cas?” Sam asked, pocketing his phone.
“Oh. That’s cool, I guess.” Dean checked his mirror again.
he got back from the hunt. Dean knew this was his doing. He knew he was pushing Sam away with his piss poor attitude, his secrecy, his lying, and his refusal to accept any help involving Cas. But no matter how hard he tried, he just couldn’t talk to his brother. Admitting how he was handling the mark was admitting his hypocrisy and what an awful fucking person he was. Talking to him about Cas was a waste of time because Sam didn’t understand everything that Dean was risking by telling Cas.
“I know, it’s called small talk. It’s what we humans do when we want to lighten things up.”
Cas opened his mouth to spew out a bunch of thanks and apologize for the inconvenience, but Dean beat him to it.
Cas just looked at him in surprise, but Dean just winked at him and gently moved him out of the way, leaning into the hood of the car. Cas tried not to stare, and tried to actually pay attention to wait Dean was doing. He was sure he could learn a thing or two from whatever it was that Dean was checking, but the way Dean’s biceps flexed as he tightened and untightened things, and the way the denim of his jeans pulled across his ass when he bent over further was far too distracting.
was unheard of. Dean had caused warmth to spread through this body,
Dean caught the blade and flipped it in his hand, noticing how Cas stirred uncomfortably next to him. Dean swallowed hard, the painful memory of what he had done to Cas a few months ago reared its ugly head. He felt the overwhelming need to apologize. “Listen, Cas-“
The lady in front of Dean accepted her lottery ticket, and Dean almost snorted when he heard the cashier wish her luck and give her a thumbs up, sounding completely earnest. When the lady moved out of the way, Dean smirked and cheerfully greeted the cashier with “I’ll have some beef jerky and a pack of menthols.” before licking his lips, and shooting the man with his most dazzling and flirtatious smile.
kept replaying in his head with no answers. It was a terrifying thought knowing that because she was alive, he may have to ask her for help because he knew he was running out of options. Castiel knew he would do it if he needed to, that he wouldn’t hesitate to go to her if it meant saving Dean.
Dean leaned forward slightly, and Castiel felt himself swallow. There it was, that magnetic pull that Castiel was finding harder and harder to ignore. The one that insisted that he press his lips to Dean’s. “The mark… it’s been doing better. I haven’t… I haven’t messed with the Djinn stuff again. I swear. But for some reason, it’s just… different.”
Alastair was an artist when it came to torture. He focused on psychological torture just as much as he focused on physical torture, and that’s what the flames were about. Dean’s skin may not be burning, but he was. His entire body was on fire, white-hot flames of pain striking his body while his blood splattered, painting his restraints, the table, the wall behind him. Alastair’s laugh came slicing out of the shadows and flames, almost as sharp as his razor. Every inch of Dean is open and raw, exposed to the nerve, the muscle, the bone. His soul is flayed open as he gasps his final breaths, finally relieved for it all to end… only to feel the pull and formation of molecules and cells reforming until he’s whole again, once again Alastair’s play thing… and Dean sobbed, because this is the game that they’ll be stuck playing forever.
“Everyone Sam and I questioned had similar stories about how nothing seemed to change in the victim’s schedules or demeanor. For us to take out this nest, our only real option is finding the nest without the help of locals. I don’t feel like the nest is close by.”
he thought.
. Cas was like family, seeing him sliding across the room in his underwear wasn’t the worst thing he had ever seen him do. “That’s not important either. What are you doing here, buddy?”
Sam opened his mouth to say something, but then closed it. He furrowed his eyebrows in concern, and Dean could almost see the gears grinding in his head as he tried to decide if the pending argument was worth it. “I’m glad Cas is okay.” He began walking towards his room but stopped at the doorway leading to the hall. “And you will be too, Dean. Just give it-“
. But even before he knew that, he couldn’t even do a fucking hookup right because he was too busy thinking about the fact that the person he was kissing wasn’t his best friend, a
, not
Dean tried not to think about how the bunker no longer felt like home with Cas. He never stuck around much anyway, but the bunker was Cas' home too, and Dean wasn't even sure if he had ever told Cas that.
Castiel still ‘babysat’ his beer (Dean’s words, again) and pretended to be interested in the channels that his two friends flipped through. Sam finally settled on the channel that was supposed to show the festive ball drop. He asked what the point of the celebration was and why it involved a ball, and neither brother seemed to know the answer. Castiel knew the history behind it, but still wasn’t sure how it all corelated.
Just moments after Dean stood up to use the restroom,
This chapter was a freakin' blast to write. Not only did I get to to slide in some wing!kink, but I was also able to throw some shade at our fuckhead of a president, and make Cas funny. It was also incredibly sweet and Dean is slowly realizing that while he doesn't think highly of himself, Cas thinks he's the greatest thing since honey bees. But please be reminded that this is a slow burn, so while Dean and Cas are both making leaps and bounds when it comes to intimacy and breaking down walls, we still have a long ways to go before we see any real progress.
flowers to make the honey!” Dean whined around a mouthful of burger. He and Sam had decided to grab lunch at Benny’s Cajun restaurant. Dean had taken off enough work for the move and had to head back to work the next day, and he figured seeing Benny would shut Sam up about socializing for a while.
It didn’t make sense, he told himself, Cas wouldn’t leave him. Not Dean who had taken care of him, who had always been there, who Cas had been devoted to despite reason. He wouldn’t follow some knocked up sicko and her baby god and leave him behind. It was deranged. Whenever Dean even thought about it his head hurt, he felt like breaking something or himself. Sometimes he’d get to a deep place of self loathing, the obvious answer for Cas’s disappearance becoming clear to him, and then he’d choose the Winchester family antidepressant of choice and drink himself into a stupor. When he’d wake up the next morning he’d be as convinced as ever that Cas was an idiot who couldn’t be trusted to take care of himself. He needed Dean, needed him to show him how to get through this awful world that would only take advantage of him and his goodness. Dean had seen it happen so many times before and he wouldn’t let it happen again. Not on his watch.
“I want my son. Please, let me have my son, I-“ Cas stopped, and a bit of recognition seemed to enter his eyes, and then a calm. “You’ll care for him?” He asked again. Dean nodded.
“It was dark,” she said. “But I knew it was him.”
“What?” She asked. “Oh, I think so. Yeah.”
“I owe ya more than that, kid,” Dean said gruffly. “You two get on home, I’ll take care of all this.” Dean picked up a gun from the floor and took off the safety. He nodded at Cas who nodded back and understood all. He led Jack out.
Still, it was good to see her with the Banes when they showed up, though he had to admit Max and Alicia’s hugs were warmer than Mary’s was. Alicia used some lovely fruity shampoo that filled his nose when she wrapped him up in her arms upon entering the doorway, and Max gave him a tight squeeze, reminding him of the kinship they had found when they’d worked the hunt together. They hadn’t spoken about the deal Max had made to save Alicia, but he knew he understood the younger man better than either could put into words. He wanted to talk to Max about this all, about why he felt like he was dying all the time and why he was worrying in a way he’d only ever worried about Sam. But he knew he’d never get a chance with all the work to be done.
“I see you wanting to. And he can too. Do you want him to grow up as fucked as you are? Because that’s what’s happening here,” Claire remarked and left to go to bed.
“Anna read it.” Cas said bluntly.
“I’m alright, I don’t need to be comforted,” Ruby said, shrugging Ketch’s arm off her shoulder, “honestly we’re making such a fuss over nothing. They’ll turn up when they’re hungry.”
“Then alright,” Dean pulled his papers out of his pocket and started on it, “your brother getting back today?”
“Oh. Wow.”
It was Cas, and of course it was. He was standing there, his dark hair slightly longer and pulled back with a bandana, his suit traded in for white linen pants, a stained grey t-shirt, and a large knitted pale yellow cardigan over that, bare feet, and blue eyes gazing at Dean with such fear he felt his own heart break right then and there. That fear captured his hold for so long that it took him a full thirty seconds before he processed what was in Cas’s arms. It was a little boy, probably five or six, long honey blonde hair, sweet chubby cheeks, wearing overalls and a striped t-shirt, clutching tightly to Cas’s sweater and gazing at him with identical fear in his own blue eyes.
Cas emerged from his coffin just like Dean, with hardship and scraping and a desperate struggle to unshove the lid. He dug his way out of the dirt and made his way right back to life. He took in the sky above him, the flowers at his head, the lovingly carved marker, tracing his own name with his fingers. The gifts in his coffin of the knife and the flashlight had saved him and Dean’s t-shirt serving as a pillow had warmed his heart. Dean, he thought, was already with him, guiding his way back to life. He bent over the lake to examine his own reflection, dirty and haggard looking as if he had slept a hundred years, he used the water to clean himself off and savored the crisp, cool feeling of its splash against his skin. He felt brand new.
“Alright,” he replied, defeated and soft. Cas sighed.
, he had snapped at him to not talk like that. When they stopped at a diner and Jack had ordered a burger with a slice of pie he had said, with a new harsh tone he was just discovering in himself,
“I mean, if you want, brought my stash and everything,” she said. “Max won’t be mad. He says weed doesn’t do anything for him with all his witch shit.”
“Go home, no way I’m putting you in harm’s way,” Dean told her. She rolled her eyes.
“I’m gonna call mom,” he said awkwardly. Dean nodded.
“So it is about me?”
“And?”
Ruby shook her head in obvious disgust.
Cas brought it up to him later that evening as he was leaving.
“Hi Jack,” he said and the boy looked curiously at Cas who gave a nod. “I’m your dad.”
“Look, we were talking real late, he didn’t get to bed until after midnight, and I didn’t know exactly how to get out of it,” Dean admitted. He could make out Cas rolling his eyes, even in the dark.
