Finally, Sherlock broke it off to murmur, “We’re actually waiting for something. Should be starting right about...now.”
“I might as well; we’re right here, and besides, I’m only doing it with one hand. Oh, this tea without milk is disgusting. I wish you would let me call the kitchen.”
Sherlock kissed John, but this time it was much, much slower than when they first entered the room. It almost wasn’t a kiss; he touched his lips as lightly as a whisper to John’s, again, and again, the faintest of brushes, and John agreed with his own mouth, licking just to wet his lips but then skimming against Sherlock’s, just hinting at the idea of kissing.
“He apologized a whole lot about the agents, and he sounded really upset about it, and he said we may have saved future lives. He couldn’t have known there was going to be a sniper, Sherlock. So the agents were a little overzealous about Maureen...I don’t really understand why Mycroft was so unsettled.”
“Something changed, after I got shot. I’ve tried going on dates, the last six months. Never got past a dinner and a walk home. I don’t know. I just...being shot at, having that, I guess, violation of my body, as they say in physical therapy—it makes me feel a bit different about having somebody touch me.”
“Every time it drips on you, you must suck or lick my cock. If you do this properly three times in a row, then I will reward you with one suck on your cock. If you fail—if you miss a drip, or stimulate me out of turn—then I will slap your cock. Simple, right? I will be watching, and I will see each and every drip. This shouldn’t be too hard to do!”
“I’m using a simple reef knot here, John, and I’ll use the same under the bed. But you’re welcome to just cut the rope if you want out; it’s inexpensive and we can always buy more.” He finished tying the first knot and slipped two fingers under the rope to make sure it wasn’t too tight.
. And then John started to move, and it was slippery and hot and and felt like scratching an itch he never knew he had, and John was making sounds, oh, amazing sounds, and then he was kissing Sherlock, deep tongue-filled kisses, and then he was murmuring in Sherlock’s ear:
Sherlock’s face collapsed from blankness into an irritated frown. “Mycroft’s non-stealth car, circling the building and announcing our presence to the world.”
“The River Bank,” he read. “The Mole had been working very hard all the morning, spring-cleaning his little home.” He pointed to the mole and the rat in the drawing and said “Mole. Rat.”
“Massage works the muscles and improves the blood flow. The claims of removing toxins are spurious, but release of tension does introduce certain stored chemicals into the bloodstream, and it’s good to help the kidneys flush them out. Drink all of this, slowly.”
Fawnlock kept his word; the arsonist had survived, and Fawnlock passed the information to Moosecroft via one of his brother’s minions and thought no more about it.
“Oh Sherlock...I can’t help but take a taste.” And John dipped in to do exactly that. Sherlock felt his wet tongue brush directly against his anus. It was somewhat different than he had imagined; knowing how many nerve endings were there did not prepare him for the sheer eroticism of being licked at the most vulnerable place on his body.
Fawnlock stared and willed himself not to feel, just to take in data, as Dreadful Boy moved his hand to rub at the artificial fur outside Johnny’s
“John. If you need space, tell me,” Sherlock said gently. “I’ll give it to you. I’ll give you anything you ask. But right now, I think you have to accept that you’re in an unfamiliar place, and you’ve been triggered twice in one day. You need to take care of yourself, and I think right now, that means you need to stay in this room.”
Sherlock decided to take this alone time to do some meditation. He realized he hadn’t been apart from John since John had arrived. Alone with his thoughts while John slept, yes, but not
“No worries, luv. That was your first time, yeah? First time is always fast. Besides, you’ll be ready to go again in a few minutes, right? While we’re waiting, let me show you something you can do to me…”
He realized his hips were moving again, just slightly, but he tried to do as Sherlock said and trust him to stop John from choking him if necessary. Then he felt Sherlock’s fingers on his right nipple and again, he looked down his body. Sherlock was pinching and rolling and oh
Massaging John, though, had been different. When he touched John’s skin, he had felt a resonance within himself; a pleasure radiating back up his hands and into his chest. That had never happened before. He had lost himself in the process, becoming urgently invested in making John feel better.
Caveats: I know nothing about the RAMC, how recruits are trained, the university system in England, mortuary science, and almost nothing about anatomy. Concrit welcome at daltong@digitalkingdom.org!
. Do you understand? Do you get it? The forest is fine for you but I’m not a deer boy, I have to live in a house and eat...eat...
And then he saw an incredibly obvious black sedan drive down the street and turn at the corner. He waited, and sure enough, it made another lap around the building. It was a reasonable tactic, to have a blatant guard dog outside, but suddenly it was just too much. He shivered, feeling trapped, feeling like he was sitting in the library of the house he grew up in with his father and Mycroft lecturing him endlessly about behaviour and social niceties and Plans for the Future, unable to leave without losing forest-roaming privileges.
Both answered yes at the same time and the images rippled in the pool, providing a headache-inducing double image for a few moments.
Sherlock pulled John into his arms. John didn’t make a sound, but Sherlock could feel his shirt becoming soaked. He held John tightly. John shook, pressed against him, but did not put his arms around Sherlock. It seemed he didn’t have the energy.
John rubbed his face and sighed. He wasn’t sure how to react. Sherlock was right; he was concerned about the ethics of this arrangement. He didn’t see how asking Sherlock for
“It’s okay, Fawnlock. You’re safe here. No need to worry, I shan’t let anything happen to you.” Greg gazed at Fawnlock for a moment. He was breathing fast, and Greg thought he could see his heart pounding under the too-tight silk shirt he wore.
“Okay, I can work with that.” He moved John so that he was lying on his back, propped against a pile of pillows, and magically, a condom appeared in his hand. John saw the wrapper fluttering to the floor. Then the condom was being rolled onto John—
Yeah, I’m winging it here, folks. His training in this story is based on the fact that in 1991, the British Army accepted recruits at 16 years of age; the rest is based on current information about training which may not be accurate for 1991 Recruits 17 or under take
careful as to use a dental dam for licking balls/perineum, but I think it’s a good idea. Remember: I am not a doctor! But as far as I know, it’s pretty unlikely that you would get HIV from that activity unless there was a cut on your tongue and/or the skin being licked. HOWEVER! There are
John had pulled out, of all things, a travel sewing kit. He was squinting to thread a tiny needle with black sewing thread. He put on fresh gloves and pulled a tube from the bag.
“Yes. The Adder and I can create an earthquake. The faults are not in the right place to do the most damage, but we should be able to kill at least 15 or 20 of the humans.”
. I’m pretending it’s still around in 2015 because it was wonderful and I can make believe. I don’t remember the mu shu, but the wonton soup and the sweet and sour “pork” were just as I described. Also, when I was there once with my then-boyfriend, we really did have a street dragon dance into the restaurant. It was fantastic. However, that usually occurs at Chinese New Year, and this is set in June, so, authorial license.
“Yeah, duh. Who cares? Everybody jacks off. It’s no big deal. You got some decent porn? That comic book looks like it’s about to fall apart.”
“Let’s just ‘air dry’ like that guy in that sports agent movie,” John suggested. Sherlock gave him a puzzled look.
“Next, we would continue to enhance the sensation play. I would touch you, probably just fingertips to start, all along your skin. It might feel different than the massage; you would probably be in a somewhat altered state, and just like when you are drunk or stoned, your nerves might interpret the touch slightly differently. It might seem more intense. As you sink a little more into subspace, I would help you roll over onto your stomach so that I could play with your back. At this point, things that would ordinarily register as light pain, such as scratching your skin with my fingernails, might simply feel like an interesting sensation. At any time up to this and through this, you would be able to stop anything I was doing by spitting out the gag and telling me to stop, either what I was doing at the moment or to stop the scene altogether. I would stop instantly, without question, without judgement, John. All I want is to make you feel good; if it is not feeling good, there will be no point in continuing.”
“John. John. Please forgive me. I didn’t think. I knew he would do it, but then I forgot. All I was thinking about was you. Mycroft won’t—he won’t show it to anyone; he won’t share it. He won’t ever mention it. He’s not like that. He...he just wants to know that his security is working.
John congratulated himself on coming up with something really difficult off the cuff! These sex games weren’t so mysterious, after all. Once one got into the right frame of mind, it was all—
“Now here I have something for you to take home. This is the alphabet. Let’s go through it, and then you can practice it at home.” Greg pulled out a colorful sheet of laminated paper with letters and corresponding objects on it. He looked around the tea shop; it was empty, aside from the hostess, who was very busy polishing spoons and pretending not to watch them. Well, in for a penny, Greg thought.
Auntie Dalton is not a doctor. If you are not familiar with the term “fluid bonding”, or you need education or a refresher on safer sex practices, I recommend
Instead of stroking, John began to squeeze, pulsing his grip around Sherlock in a leisurely rhythm between the warm crush of their bodies. It felt delicious but was far from enough sensation to get Sherlock off.
, soldier!” McIntyre responded, a bit sardonically. She took a long pull of her doctored soda. “Seen any good procedures? And by good I mean absolutely disgusting, blood everywhere, guts on the floor, eyeballs hanging out.”
“I’m going to do some more neck work. The technique may seem a bit strange, if you haven’t had this before; just trust me, and don’t try to hold your head up.”
“This reminds me of basic training. Sometimes we’d earn leave on the weekend and go into Harrogate for a pint. Or twelve.”
Sherlock squinted down at John, who was still sat bare-arsed on the floor of the shower, grinning smugly and running his hands idly up and down Sherlock’s legs.
“Fine, you make sure I stay here in this dry cave when it’s all thundery and wet out there.” A thought occurred, and Johnny peered back into the cave. This clearly wasn't the deer boy's home; there was nothing here but a hard dirt floor. “Although this cave might be pretty scary too...there aren’t any bats in here, are there?”
“Now you help me. Ready? A, B, C, D…” He had to start it several times, gesturing at Fawnlock encouragingly, before Fawnlock figured it out and began singing with him. The first time through, he was a half-beat behind on each letter.
Sherlock stretched his arms above his head and clutched at the headboard. The melting sorbet slid off his chest, staining his nipples and his skin as it dripped towards the bed. Both nipples were hard and too pink, showing signs of John’s attention. Sherlock’s navel was surrounded by a large, temporary red hickey. His hair was tousled—he must have been thrashing his head on the bed—and his eyes were dark and his expression a little lost.
“Indeed you are,” Sherlock said calmly as he wiped his fingers on the grass. He unzipped his flies and pulled out his hard cock, which was indeed leaking, and drizzled cold lube on it, coating it perfunctorily as he was rather close to coming from John’s enthusiasm. He rubbed the head up and down John’s greasy crease once, then pushed slowly, slowly in, not stopping until he had his pubis pressed against John’s soft, fleshy behind.
John’s “yes” was a whisper. Sherlock closed the distance and pressed close to John, enfolding him within the curve of his long body. He wrapped an arm around John’s stomach.
John leaned up, licking his lips, and gave Sherlock’s cloth-covered cock a very light tap with the spoon.
The Saturday after his confrontation with Mooscroft, Fawnlock wrapped a long strip of artificial fur, that he’d stolen from Johnny’s tent, around his forehead and his antlers; the hat no longer fit. He made his way to the village and walked into the book building again. The book man was at the wooden table-thing, as usual. Fawnlock placed his book on the leaf-strewn surface; he’d managed to protect it from the storm in the canvas bag in a tree, and it was in fairly good shape.
“Funny you should mention it. The hotel keeps all clichéd San Francisco movies on the pay-per-view.”
Sherlock heard the door of John’s room slam and held himself back from following. John needed space. Maybe being on his own for an hour or two would be good for him, help him get some perspective.
“Johnny Watson? Isn’t he a little...I dunno…” Brandi waved her hands above the covers in an altogether vague manner.
“Your therapist has been warning you about this for some time, but you choose to ignore him. Evidently, having a warm body next to you allowed your brain to stand down for once, and I considered eight hours of uninterrupted sleep far more important to your health and the health of your patients than an hour of conference officials’ accolades and self-congratulations, empty of any medical information whatsoever, accompanied by weak, bitter coffee and overly sweetened pastries.”
“You are a doctor,” Sherlock said in a gentler tone, sitting up in the bed. “You know how to treat someone with panic attacks; you know the needs of a patient with PTSD. You refuse to see yourself, however, as a patient. You are doing yourself a disservice. If a patient of yours was having panic attacks and insisted on refusing any medication and on living life as though everything was as normal, what would you say to that patient?”
‘That I do not know,’ said the Rat simply. ‘I passed them onto you as they reached me. Ah! Now they return again, and this time full and clear! This time, at last, it is the real, the unmistakable thing, simple--passionate--perfect--’
“When he played it for the Union of Composers, they deemed the cycle too discordant and Western-styled to be proper Soviet music. Like many of the Soviet artists of that era, he was censored. I think perhaps he was a bit sad when he composed this.”
He opened his eyes to see Sherlock watching him carefully. After a moment, Sherlock nodded, as if to himself, and pulled another cuff from the bag. John held up his other arm, and the new cuff was attached to his other wrist. He held his two wrists together, looking at them. If Sherlock wanted—if John was a different person—perhaps Sherlock would lock these cuffs together, in front of him, or maybe behind him, where it would be harder to get out of them. What would that feel like? John had been shot in Afghanistan, but never captured...he had had plenty of nightmares about that, but he knew that he was quite lucky never to have actually undergone that particular ordeal. He felt a little guilty at wondering about the feeling of being handcuffed, and he pulled his arms back to his sides.
. He remembered the feeling of John’s body protecting his mere hours earlier, and he was reminded that while John often appeared docile and domesticated, the consummate soldier lived on within him.
“Waste of time!” yelled Fawnlock back, munching on a handful of dry granola. He picked out a raisin and tried it separately, considering and then nodding to himself before tipping the rest of the handful into his mouth (mostly). A small circle of dropped granola was growing around him on the floor.
There was no response, so Greg pulled out the book and opened it on the small table, moving his tea out of the way. A hostess appeared beside them.
“There. Was that so fucking hard to tell me? Jesus fuck, Sherlock. I am a soldier. I cannot protect you--and me--if I do
John stared at the young woman who poured forth an astonishing stream of bubbly, bumbling speech in a wonderfully stereotypical Northern California accent.
John crawled up the bed and pulled Sherlock to him. They were both sticky and sex- and fruit-scented. John cradled Sherlock’s head against his chest and slowly stroked his fingers through Sherlock’s curls, making an absolute mess of his hair. Sherlock rolled over and buried his face against John’s chest.
John had slept late, basking in the warmth of Sherlock’s body while Sherlock caught up on scientific journal articles through his UCSF library account on his iPad. When asleep, John snuggled, which Sherlock found he enjoyed—another first for a client experience—and Sherlock had even dozed off for a couple of hours himself. When John was up and dressed, Sherlock had suggested skipping breakfast and walking to Chinatown for a proper luncheon.
erupted with cloudy white fluid after about a minute, at which point his hand dropped from Johnny’s flesh. Johnny took over and stroked himself until he, too, emitted fluid. The two young men stared at each other.
John pulled Sherlock over to the sofa. He arranged Sherlock half over the cushions, half on his lap, Sherlock’s head against his chest. “What happened, darling? What did the bad man say to you?”
“Hoping for doctor, actually.” John squinted at the insignia on the captain’s collar. “...which you are, aren’t you?”
Sherlock disentangled himself from John, who gave a piteous moan and curled into a ball, facing away from Sherlock. That was alarming. He retrieved the electrolyte water and a candy bar as quickly as possible, shed the attractive but rather stifling trousers, and crawled back into bed, wrapping himself around the trembling John-shaped form.
gag.” He leaned back to see if she was shocked. She was not; she was watching him quietly, with raised, encouraging “Go on?” eyebrows.
since anything interesting had happened to him. He had been so bored for so long, but he hadn’t noticed it consciously, convincing himself that the mild challenge of deducing each client’s needs and providing for those needs without being asked was enough to satisfy his hungry mind.
John felt, rather than heard, Sherlock choke back a sob. He pulled his hand from Sherlock’s hair and wrapped his arms around Sherlock again, holding as tightly as he could. Sherlock grabbed onto John’s forearms.
“You’re quite wrong, John. I know you. You come from a lower-middle class family in Essex; your father was a violent alcoholic, and your mother died of illness, probably cancer, before you were twenty. You have an alcoholic sister who is recently divorced. You entered the Army in order to get your medical degree, as your family had no money for you to finish university; you could have been a surgeon but chose instead to work the front lines—I still don’t know if you were in Afghanistan or Iraq.
Sherlock just strode into the brightly lit Walgreens, leaving little blood prints in his wake where a bit of jagged glass at the sea wall had broken the tender skin of his soles. John followed behind, growling some more and making the clerk at the cash register look at them sharply.
“—press deep into you, over and over, letting you feel how we are joined together in a way that no one can ever understand or tear apart?”
John could feel it too, evidently, because he chuckled into Sherlock’s mouth. Achingly slowly, he let one hand leave its warm hold on Sherlock’s head and begin a caressing journey along his neck, moving firmly under his arm, down his side, and then across his hip to slide between them and wrap around his cock. Sherlock moaned around John’s unmoving tongue.
“Only that we were causing mischief, not the whys and wherefores thereof. You worry too much, Mycroft. You’ll start stunting those pretty horns of yours.” Moriarty licked his lips subtly, but the lechery was obvious to Mycroft.
Sherlock reached below John’s pelvis, and John cried out as warm hands moved around his aching penis. Sherlock efficiently wrapped and snapped the leather cock ring; he chuckled as he felt a spurt of hot wetness soak the pillow, a last bit of pre-ejaculate before John’s cock was locked down.
John immediately stripped out of all his clothes and hopped back on the bed. “Then get over here. I want to ravish you with no one watching.”
.” She stabbed a gray Brussels sprout savagely with her fork, held it in front of her critical gaze, cautiously sniffed it, and finally threw it, fork embedded, across the room.
“Sherlock? What’s wrong?” John was almost immediately at the doorway between the rooms. He was completely awake, his stance at the ready to face down any danger, nudity be damned.
“I shan’t be in the way,” he stated definitively and immediately came over to watch what she was doing.
He tromped around in the damp leaves mouldering from last autumn. It was impossible to walk with his usual grace and silence. The shoes flopped about on his feet, and the trousers pinched, and his head was getting hot. He grumbled, took a deep breath, and stumbled about again with determination.
of other STDs you could pick up or even transmit as the licker. Play safe! Also, plastic wrap is much easier to obtain and wrangle (lots more acreage to work with; just mark it so you know which side is whose side).
“Listen to me. You had a panic attack. Do you remember? A protester threw red paint on you. I brought you in here and cleaned you off, and I
“Fine for you, I bet berries is all you know. Yuck.” Just then Johnny’s tummy gave a rumble. “Look, Pan, you gotta help me get home. My mum ‘n da’s gonna be worried about me by now.”
John visibly shook himself. "Nothing. Just some of the people were jerks. But most of them were good blokes. And women. Women can be blokes, right? Anyway, we patched people up as best we could and got through the days."
As he crouched under the window, listening to Johnny converse with the disgusting trespasser, Fawnlock wished he had paid more attention to Moosecroft’s attempts to teach him
“Yes, John, don’t all prostitutes do drugs? That’s what you think I am, don’t you? A common prostitute?”
“If you’d let me explain, this might go more quickly. My idea involves absolutely nothing that would activate any of your triggers. In fact, it
Sherlock drew off slowly, squeezing with his tongue as he went, pulling two more aftershocks out of John before he finally lifted his head, grinning. He rubbed his thumbs gently over John’s hard nipples.
“The shower is more than big enough to accommodate us both, John. Surely you’ve showered with lovers before.”
As he humped more rigorously, he panted and felt himself waking up. Which led to his opening his eyes to the back of a head covered in loose, silky black curls. Who…? He looked down and saw that he was grinding while wearing his briefs, up against a back clad in black cotton.
Just then the sun hid behind clouds again, and he heard a rumble of thunder. He was well and truly lost! And there was about to be a storm! What was he to do?
His grim train of thought was interrupted as Sherlock appeared in the doorway holding a rather large leather bag. This was not the same bag as he had brought over a few days earlier. The bag’s leather went nicely with the leather trousers that Sherlock was now wearing. Both bag and trousers were black and not shiny; rather, they looked like they had been used a bit, like they were working leather; respectable items that were not for show but instead could move and be properly used by their owner. Other than the trousers, Sherlock was bare: his feet were naked on the carpet; his lean muscles were visible in his chest and arms as he moved into the room, and his hair seemed especially artfully tousled. John looked closely, and he was pretty sure Sherlock was wearing subtle eyeliner.
“We can’t be too careful!” One agent had a young woman in a hotel uniform up against the wall in a choke-hold; another agent was crawling under the tablecloth that covered the wheeled cart. Pastries and teacups were strewn on the floor. John could see that the hotel staff person’s cheeks were streaked with tears, but that she was not making a sound, and that her expression was determined.
Fawnlock moved to look at the boy’s face, then examined—without touching—every inch of the boy’s body, his face very close to the skin.
Finally, Sherlock was able to shut the door to the room with the two agents posted on either side in the hallway. He and John looked at each other for a moment. Then they fell upon each other, kissing so messily and urgently that Sherlock cut John’s lip and John’s teeth scraped a raw spot on Sherlock’s chin. They stumbled in a tight clench until John was pressed up against the door, with Sherlock molded to him, his nose in John’s neck as he began shuddering; John assumed it was from adrenaline.
“Got it,” Sherlock crowed as his somewhat deflated penis dragged over John’s chest. John took the opportunity to spank Sherlock’s conveniently positioned arse.
“You know earth movements don’t always go exactly as intended. The faults were...not quite where we thought they were. But we got the job done.”
Over and over, Sherlock said orienting words in a mantra-like chant. He had to drain and fill the tub twice to keep the water hot before John finally stopped shaking and fell back against him, limp and exhausted.
He hadn’t ever actually done anything like this. He’d never had an actual lover; a few clients had requested joint showers, but those had usually just consisted of him blowing them or getting fucked by them in the spray. He had been aware of the sensual possibilities of the St Regis’ incredible surround shower, but no clients had been interested. Just as well; doing this sort of thing with any of them would have been a sick mockery of what he was feeling now.
“I took the opportunity to secrete some emergency supplies in a hidden location. We’ll need those supplies if we are to evade Moriarty’s people without Mycroft’s help. Unless, of course, you’ve changed your mind.”
Sherlock proceeded to lightly stroke the arm in question. Then he moved to the backs of John’s legs. John noticed that he wasn’t just using his fingertips but that he was touching John with his whole hands: fingers, thumbs, and palms. It felt different than when the physical therapists massaged him. Well, in more ways than just full-hand use; they never simply
He’d never had one that made Sherlock want to touch him, as often and in as many places as possible.
“I think you’re talking about making it my business now, Sherlock. If we are to continue to see each other, that makes me your doctor. So you are going to have to start listening to what I say.”
“Yeah,” Johnny sighed as he snuggled down further between the soft sheets of his bed. His mother bent to kiss him on the forehead and reached for the lamp chain.
“When I started university, I immediately tried cocaine. It was a revelation. I could think once more; I could focus. I began solving crimes again; there was even a small item in the newspaper about the return of M. Sigerson. Of course he had moved to a town near Cambridge. I didn’t solve quite as many crimes, though, because I had also discovered sex.”
They had agreed that the atmosphere was had gotten a little intense, and they had dressed and headed out for coffee. Sherlock had steered them to a Peet’s coffee shop—”Ordinary, but at least it’s not Starbucks”—where John had gotten a medium drip and a chocolate croissant, and Sherlock had ordered some complicated chai concoction. They strolled to Market Street, where Sherlock stepped into the back of a sudden cab as though it had been waiting for him to appear.
“I don’t know what Sherlock has told you about me, Dr Watson, but I really am just a minor government official, not some magician. I cannot change what has happened, and I cannot simply make Moriarty go away.”
Harry found her lipstick and closed the medicine cabinet. She leaned her hip against the counter, amused.
Sherlock was fully prepared to sigh heavily and protest, but then he realized that this was the first time he had heard John sing. John had a pleasant singing voice: it was somehow as inoffensive and friendly as his handshake and his smile for strangers. He sang an octave lower than Brad Delp and he was right on key.
He rose and knocked at Sherlock’s door. It opened immediately. Sherlock stepped back into his room and gazed at him for a moment.
Sherlock signalled the server back. “We’ll start with the wonton soup for two. Then we’ll have the sweet and sour pork, mu shu chicken, and some rice.”
Fawnlock whipped around and fixed a glare on her. “I may not have done the practice, but I am fully versed in the theory and correct procedures. I need freedom to run my experiments.”
John smirked. A weak-ass plea like that would not lead to anything. He used some suction around the outside of Sherlock’s belly button and sucked up all the lemon-ginger at once, giving the watermelon-coated nipple a particularly sharp, stinging hit with the spoon.
Sherlock strode up to the reception alcove. “Is Molly in?” he asked authoritatively but at a definitely muted level of Sherlockness.
“I’ll need a few minutes to get things set up. Why don’t you go ahead and undress,” Sherlock suggested.
“Sherlock. You aren’t my Companion. I formally release you of all Companion duties. I don’t want you as a Companion. I never did. You are...you are extraordinary, you are amazing, I am so incredibly grateful that I met you, and I don’t know why you are hanging around me, and I don’t want you to leave. But I do not want you to be my Companion, or my concierge, or my call-boy, or whatever it is. I just want you to be my friend. Okay? You don’t owe me anything. You don’t have to stay. I just...I really like you. Please stay...just as Sherlock.”
Sherlock stroked his hands over the deliciously round arsecheeks, drew them apart again, let his tongue settle in the crease just below John’s anus, and—
Mycroft leaned closely over the Contact Pool. He could see the Seal Person’s outline, but it was fuzzy, and Joaquin’s voice faded in and out. This is what happened when he tried to contact someone the first night of the Moon. Technically, there are three nights for the full moon, but the first and last are not as strong, and consequently communication through the Contact Pool was iffy.
Sherlock heaved a sigh worthy of being asked to carry all the belongings of all the tourists in the hotel to the airport by himself using only a hand-cart.
“Be happy for me, Molly.” Sherlock’s tone was intense as he grabbed both her hands in his, leaning over the table. John watched, blowing on his steaming, noxious brew.
“Cancel that, Maureen. It seems we’re going out. Right, you too.” Sherlock set the phone down. “Where do you want to go?”
Being handed power by John, for whom it was a bigger act of trust than for anyone he’d ever known, was so heady that he had nothing to which to compare it. It was better than cocaine; it was better than the best orgasm he’d ever had. He was instantly addicted. Being handed John’s trust, the faith that he would keep John safe, would take John to an altered state and make him feel good; that was something he now craved and would chase for the rest of his life. He was hopelessly hooked.
“You don’t have to tell me anything if you don’t want to. But I’ve heard it all, and I’m here to listen, if you think it would help.”
“The guards are out there. And Mycroft’s in here.” Sherlock gestured vaguely to a camera. “And the security is so bloody obvious, and we’re hemmed in, we’re
Several people clambered out of the bus, yelling loudly in dismay. One opened the hood; two others brandished what looked like lightsabers and began enthusiastically fighting. Several people were milling about aimlessly. A woman in a nightdress lit a smoke; John smelled more pot wafting their way.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock. You’re absolutely right. It’s been a while, and I confess that I’ve never been quite as...assiduous...as you are (and rightly so) about being careful.”
After a little while the song seemed to end, and the deer boy reached out one hand towards Johnny’s broken leg, nowhere near touching, clearly a question. Johnny wailed “Noooo!” and the boy pulled his hand back, looking resigned. He moved back around behind Johnny and cradled him again in his lap, as he had the night before in the cave. He rubbed his hands up and down Johnny’s tummy in a somewhat clumsy attempt to calm him as Johnny settled into a steady whimpering between moans as the injured muscles throbbed.
John folded his arms and stared out the window. His adrenaline was running high, and being stuck in the car, sitting still, was doing nothing to alleviate his extreme readiness to do
I’m sorry I don’t write much, but your letters are so appreciated. I know you write ‘em every day but sometimes they come in clumps. I guess army mail isn’t the best.
“Well, I’m sure this...’Tazo’ tea will be just fine,” John said, plugging in the little coffee machine next to the in-room sink. He turned around to see Sherlock making a face and laughed. “I think you’ll live.”
Fawnlock finally allowed the book man to perch the fuzzy black things against the side of his head. Then he did something to the other piece and suddenly someone else was talking to Fawnlock, very close. He turned around quickly, but no one was there!
Sherlock pressed two fingers slowly into John in one long drag. John moaned and pushed his arse back. Sherlock drew his fingers back and slowly fucked John, making him slippery and wet.
infection (what were they doing with that book in the public library, anyway?) and explained, in repulsive detail, what could happen if humans did what Fawnlock was doing. When Fawnlock understood, he laughed an insultingly long time but finally acquiesced.
John sat up and stretched, checking to see if he felt different now that he had had two orgasms in two hours after months of nothing. He supposed he felt more relaxed: a little tired, maybe.
The stag nodded, once, and finished crossing the road, slowly. John and Sherlock looked at each other.
By the next weekend, Fawnlock was wearing the hat that he had been wearing when Lestrade had first met him. He wore it while he slept in Lestrade’s “office” in a bed purchased at a tag sale, on a new mattress, with the fluffiest pillow on the market. Lestrade still wasn’t quite sure how it had happened.
John felt two sucks on his cock and struggled not to plunge into Sherlock’s mouth. Gasping, he counted out loud, “One, two.” He looked up and watched as a droplet slowly collected at the bottom of the towel bundle.
“Yes, you do, because you are human, and all you’ve had today is tea; don’t think I wasn’t watching. And all I’ve had is a pastry and believe me, that is not enough.”
“We’ve been on the run for 20 minutes and you’ve already injured yourself. I have no idea what we are facing, I don’t have my doctor’s kit
“Please, John,” Sherlock said, pulling back from the kiss and stilling his hand. “Please let me inside you. And after we come like that, I want you to take me. Let’s seal our love together.”
“All done!” John said brightly, putting a plaster over the two neat stitches and wrapping the whole foot in a bandage. “Get your other shoe on now.”
John slowly slid his hand between them again and resumed his gentle squeezing. He took his other hand from Sherlock’s head and slid it in a meandering path that led between their chests. His fingertips grasped a nipple and began pressing it in a counter-rhythm to the cock squeezing. At the same time, John began to thrust his tongue very slightly into Sherlock’s mouth.
John dropped his head back onto the “cradle”. He had a stunning view of the room’s thick pewter-coloured carpet. It made him uncomfortable not to see what was going on.
“Twenty bucks,” said the driver. John dug into his wallet and paid, trying to mentally calculate the appropriate tip, then gave up and handed her two twenties before he stepped out and looked up at the club’s entrance. It didn’t look too good. It was tiny, and seedy, and music was blaring out the door. He turned around, but the cab was gone.
John reached a finger back behind Sherlock’s balls and pressed up against the perineum. He continued to push his tongue into the slit while sucking at the head and squeezing his hand at the base.
He found John sat on a bench a block away, back stiff, staring straight ahead. He sat down next to him.
Suddenly John was aware again of the cuffs on his wrists and ankles and it felt as though they were bound to the bed, but he was not frightened. Instead he felt secure, cared for, fundamentally connected to the bed such that no one could get past Sherlock to hurt him. For some reason this feeling of attachment was arousing, and he felt his cock give another hopeful pulse.
“Here, let me get it, haven’t you ever seen a zipper before?” Johnny said as the deer boy grunted in frustration. Johnny opened the bag and pulled out the damp bag of crisps. Then he saw the soaked paper at the bottom.
is about as real as it gets.  The ale John drinks is from 21st Amendment, where I used to eat lunch when I worked in Silicon Valley North (SOMA).
“We’re being shot at,” Sherlock said calmly as he wriggled forward, using his elbows to pull himself along.
“I won’t let your brother do it. I don’t know what he’s planning, but I will not allow that. You are under my protection now.”
He tried the doorknob; it was unlocked. As slowly as he could make himself, he opened the door and peered in. No John.
, Tatiana has five piercings, and they ain’t all in her ears. Y’oughta be glad I’ve just got the three.”
Of course he had felt the power, before, in being a prostitute. It was an edgy power, a dance between the client and himself. Would he get the money? Would he get beaten up, or worse? But he had the power to fulfill or deny the client’s fantasies, and because he was so very, very good at reading what the client needed, he had power that the client couldn’t begin to understand. And so he had, for the most part, avoided not getting paid and avoided getting beaten up, because he could stop a client in his or her tracks with a few well-chosen words about what they most secretly, desperately desired.
“This is a lost cause,” Sherlock wailed into John’s thighs. “We should just give up. I will stay here, you will go back to London, I will never see you again, my heart will break, I will die, and they will burn me and put my ashes in a dark corner in the Columbarium and the janitor will sweep me up with the trash the next day and throw me in the Bay.”
He couldn’t seem to count the seconds at the same time as his heart beats, though. He never had trouble with that, able to keep the two counts in his head separate, effortlessly. Usually.
“We’ll be buying some first aid supplies as well.” John looked furious, which only made Sherlock smile. It was such a novel feeling, having someone to look after him. “We’ll also need two burner phones.”
Sherlock gathered John into a hug that was rather too tight, making John go “Oof!” and eventually flap at Sherlock’s back.
“But honestly,” John continued, feeling his way. “We’ve people shooting at us. Right now we’re prisoners in our own room...this room that has been a haven of freedom and sexual exploration and healing and discovery. Now it’s a trap. And while I plan to live a very long and very healthy life with you, I don’t know what’s going to happen tomorrow. I confess that right now, my blood is singing: and my gut, or my heart, or my cock, or
John was just about to say something--he wasn’t sure what, but it wasn’t going to be good--when Sherlock sighed.
John’s eyes went dark as Sherlock nipped and bit in light, unsatisfying toothings all over John’s lips. John tried to lick, to encourage Sherlock to shift to a real kiss, but Sherlock pulled away and fixed him with a hard stare until John relented, grinning, and Sherlock returned to his punishing mini-bites.
Right at the moment, though, he wasn’t quite sure what was coming next. John’s unpredictable behavior had him off-balance. He wanted to let go and trust this man who had wormed into his heart in just a few days, but he was trying to remember that he was far from helpless; he knew exactly how to use his mind and his body to remove himself from a situation if it was not okay.
“Let her go at once! That’s Maureen! I’ve known her for a year, she wouldn’t hurt me if a gun was pointed at her head!” Which was an apt thing for Sherlock to say, seeing as another agent was doing exactly that.
He brushed his teeth until his gums began to bleed and washed his face. Looking assessingly at the soapy cloth, he decided a sponge bath was better than nothing. He shucked off his jeans and pants and scrubbed at his cock and scrotum. Then he reached up under his vest and soaped under his arms, as well. He rinsed the cloth and used it to remove the soap from his skin as best he could. On went the clean pants and his usual track suit bottoms and jumper; a comb through his hair, and he was as ready as he would ever be.
“Ew, it’s like eating a vitamin tablet.” He crossed his arms and resigned himself to starvation. The deer boy looked at him, shrugged, and kept eating. He ate all of the whole berries and started scraping up the crushed remains, licking them off his fingers.
.” She slammed her hand on the table. The trays jumped and their glasses rattled; the few other people in the canteen looked around. John just kept eating.
John handed her the water. “Aren’t you going to ask why we have all these...uh...bodyguards up here?”
Fawnlock had spent hours perusing the thin, garishly colored piles of leaves Johnny kept in the tent. He’d seen one years before when he had sheltered Johnny in a little cave during a lightning storm. The smaller piles of leaves were filled with pictures; some of the pictures were clearly of humans, but many of the others held no meaning for Fawnlock. It frustrated him mightily.
“All the girls know where you live,” Christine said mysteriously. “Now how’s about you give a girl a kiss.”
Sherlock realized that he was almost unable to breathe, and his heart was racing. His body was covered in cold sweat.
John looked down at himself: he was covered with smears of dried sorbet and damp sweat. He looked at Sherlock, who looked a bit like he had been through the Sorbet Wars. He shucked out of his boxers and headed for the bathroom. Sherlock hurried to join him.
“What does it feel like I’m doing?” He dragged his lower teeth lightly up a path along Sherlock’s sternum before pressing his tongue into the suprasternal notch and probing around here and there.
“Yeah, you think you’ve ‘seen some stuff’. Get on the front lines, then tell me you’ve ‘seen some stuff.’ Good to hear you’re not squeamish, though.” She regarded him thoughtfully as he proceeded to make his way methodically through one tray and moved on to the next.
have a heart. You’ve noticed your heartbeat, right?” When Fawnlock stared at her blankly, she pointed to his neck. Unfortunately, she was holding a scalpel in that hand, and he stepped back a little. She giggled, embarrassed, and pointed instead to her own neck where the pulse was most evident. “There, if you put your finger there you can feel the pulse of your blood through your carotid artery.”
“Invalided out, now doing locum work as we’ve discussed. You miss combat; you’re happiest when you’re facing danger, but your nerves are shot, so it’s a dilemma. You think there’s nothing left in life for you, but you believe suicide is a coward’s way out; another dilemma. You’ve never been in love. You believed in a god fervently as a child until the first time your father hit your mother. You hate violence but you won’t hesitate to use it when it is called for. You are instantly and fiercely loyal to those whom you deem worthy. You have achieved much in life in spite of rotten circumstances and have almost no self-esteem; you are devastatingly handsome in an unusual way and while you are not modest, you are also unaware of your attractiveness. You seem mild-mannered, ordinary, an idiot like the rest of the world, and yet I cannot predict a single thing that you have done since the moment I met you.”
He remembered something Harry had said about moss growing on trees, so he walked up to a tree and circled it, looking for moss. He found none. Then he realized he didn’t know what it would mean even if he found it.
Johnny nodded once to himself, still looking at his new, stiff Army boots, then turned and strode back to the house. He didn’t look back.
John snorted and pressed the scan button on the radio again. Sherlock noted that it ended on 90.3, the classical station.
. Constant companionship was not a natural state for him. Perhaps he was off his game. And he hadn’t gone this long without daily meditation for...well, at least 11 months, 6.5 days.
“Just what it sounds like; many small earthquakes on a continuous basis. It’s fascinating to look at the USGS site for that area. All these happy little earthquake dots.”
"Where are we going?" John yelled, his voice tense with adrenaline, as he struggled to untangle himself from Sherlock. The response was silence until they were on the highway.
. Stop worrying. Focus on what you are feeling.” Sherlock took John’s entire length back in and began fondling his balls with one hand. John flung his arm over his eyes and started moaning again. He’d always wanted to be loud, but because of that one time with a girlfriend when his noises had brought her mother to the room, he’d taught himself to be quiet. He guessed that in this place, he could stop worrying about it.
Sherlock lost track of how long he kept this up, which was unusual. Strange, like losing track of the massage. He was adept at knowing the passing of time regardless of what was happening. When he finally thought of stopping, he realized his voice was hoarse, and John’s head was drooping forward and soft snores were coming from him. Sherlock grinned broadly. It was high praise when someone new to meditation became so relaxed that they could fall asleep. As gently as he could, he pulled his hands from under John’s and tried to tilt him back onto the pillows, but John woke with a start.
Sherlock was staring at John. He knew his pupils were huge because he couldn’t focus very well. “I would like to know what that feels like,” he whispered.
Sherlock hadn’t meant to say any of that. That wasn’t his standard answer for how he’d gotten into the Companion business; usually he said something much more palatable along the lines of wanting to work in the concierge business, of having excellent diplomatic skills, of enjoying meeting new people. What on earth had possessed him?
"Great. Great folks. Well, not all great. Some were right arseholes, but that's life, right? More officers were dicks than enlisted. There was this one woman…" John trailed off.
Suddenly, Sherlock found himself on the floor. John was on the other side of the coffee table, breathing hard. Sherlock looked up to see the face of Combat John, the same face John had worn outside the Columbarium. John’s hands were in fists, but he was utterly still; he looked deceptively calm.
. And as usual, I went off and made a pile of changes after her last read-through, so the mistake buck stops here. (With me.)
And then the buzzing started. This was why Sherlock generally kept his eyes open; if he closed them, he often simply fell asleep. The buzzing was very similar to the state just before hallucinatory thought or lucid dreaming began. There were no actual thoughts; just a pleasant static that felt as though it was located in the upper third of his cranium. Over the past year, he had been able to extend this state to 30 minutes and longer, and he let out a sigh that no one heard and fell into emptiness.
The room was dark compared to the bright sun outside, and he blinked rapidly while his eyes adjusted. The walls were lined with bound leaf bundles in all different colors. He felt himself trembling with nerves and firmly told himself to stop being ridiculous. Looking around, he spied a human sitting at a wooden contraption similar to the one Johnny had in his room. The man smiled at him in a friendly way, so he walked carefully over.
And then they heard a police siren. Very, very close by. A cruiser pulled up and parked on the side of the road right behind their car.
“I’m sorry, sweety. That was the wrong way to ask that. I...I didn’t think that would be the answer.”
“Car’s on Minna,” Angela was already saying as she pressed keys into Sherlock’s hand. “Why aren’t you wearing a shirt?” Without waiting for an answer, she pulled her own t-shirt over her head and handed it to Sherlock. John goggled a bit at her casual bra-only state.
Sherlock wet a washcloth, and while John drank the water, he gently wiped the sweat from John’s forehead and neck. John set the glass down on the table by the bed and buried his face in his hands.
A half-hour later, the small dining table was laden with a meal that smelled mouthwatering. Sherlock named the offerings as he uncovered them:
to get my mouth on you: to lick you, to taste you. You’ll be musky, not at all like excretion but like the thick musk of testicular sweat—which, before you object, I find incredibly arousing. My face will be surrounded by your flesh; I’ll be able to pierce your most private place, rich with nerve endings, with my
“Don’t worry about my brother. I will contact him myself in a moment. Thank you for your inquiries into our well-being; we are, as you can see, both fine.” Sherlock slammed the door, found his trousers, and dragged out his phone. A few angry stabs and he was connected.
“Wait a minute.” Sherlock sounded very much like his old self. “When you say ‘busted his cherry...’”
“Yeah, I’m not remotely close to her. Even if I was, I couldn’t talk to her about any of this.” John waved a hand vaguely at himself, hoping it indicated PTSD, panic attacks, nightmares and sexual dysfunction without further explanation.
Fawnlock immediately began gathering bottles from the chemical cupboard and laying them out on the counter below. Greg watched him and bit his lip. Quietly, he murmured to Molly,
Sherlock coughed and reached over for one of the papadums, breaking it into smaller pieces. He ate a piece himself and then handed one to John, who took it with his own fingers.
“And then something bad happened...all of a sudden I felt really sad, and empty. And then Sherlock left the bed and I thought I was going to die. I know it sounds melodramatic but that’s how it felt.”
addictive; what did you do to stop using?” John bit off an end of a mu shu pancake and managed not to drip plum sauce on himself.
The night of Christine’s proposition was different. He tripped bringing the bowl of mashed potatoes to the table for his mum. At dinner he knocked over his milk, which he hadn’t done since he was seven. He dropped his fork twice and banged his head on the table picking it up the second time.
“No, I want to try that American place some soldiers told me about. What was it called...Lenny’s...Benny’s…”
He pushed the finger slowly in, breaching and then just holding, letting his other fingers tickle lightly around the perimeter.
“At this point, if you were seeming amenable, the sensation play could become more sexual. I might bring out some lubricant and begin toying with your crease, oiling up your anus. I might find out how much you do or don’t enjoy testicular play.”
Sherlock turned around, sighed, and leaned up against the counter, clutching at it. He couldn’t look at John directly, so he scrutinized a variegated pothos sitting on a side table.
“Once I remove this antler, I shall move in. I shall require some blankets, and I would like to try out a pillow. I will need an identity so that I can obtain a library card and, presumably, some sort of access card to allow me into the lab that you are going to find me. You will need to stock vegetarian comestibles for me; Deer People do not eat meat.”
John marvelled at the shiny silver interior, the black and white photographs serving as wallpaper murals, and the general atmosphere of a place trying to preserve a time from another century. As they slid into a booth, John gaped at the sight of a private jukebox.
John came away from the door and sat on the very edge of the side of the bed furthest from Sherlock, listening intently.
Eventually he graduated from staring at the motionless pictures in the comic books to imagining the superheroes in three-dimensions and stereo sound. Johnny found that it was easy to envision pushing his throbbing dick into all sorts of strange, warm places. Between thighs, breasts, hands, armpits. The characters were always gentle and welcoming, encouraging him.
Sherlock picked up a pair of plain navy trainers while John filled a basket with bandages, rubbing alcohol, antibiotics, and a wide variety of other items.
...And so on, as loudly and raunchily as they could think of, while shampooing each other’s hair and rinsing out. The whole effect was rather ruined, if indeed it had any effect at all out in the hallway, by them collapsing in giggles as Sherlock turned off the taps. They tried to dry each other off at the same time, which was a horrible disaster.
The elevator dinged. The still-standing agent whipped around, aiming his gun at the elevator doors; the paramedics and agents in the elevator came out guns first. Both sides sighed at seeing each other and lowered their weapons. The paramedics immediately gathered up the downed agents and pulled them into the elevator, accompanied by the able-bodied agent, who left with a hangdog expression. The second elevator dinged, and three more agents stepped out, weapons drawn but not aimed, and somewhat cautiously entered the hallway. Now there were five very conspicuous agents positioned next to the suite doors and along the hallway. Sherlock groaned and retreated back into the room.
, homework. How the fuck am I supposed to concentrate?” he muttered. He scrubbed his hands through his hair, making it stand in odd tufts, and sighed deeply, pulling out a notebook.
He thought about how being served in first class didn’t bother him; how being driven from the airport seemed reasonable, how having someone carry up luggage that he was able to carry himself seemed like a waste of money, but certainly didn’t seem
And as will be made clear in the next chapter: It really is not a good idea to Dom based just on reading a few books and attending a few demonstrations. Play carefully out there, dear readers, and watch out for yourselves and each other.
“Could you please watch out for him? He’s so smart, but sometimes, he’s a bit...clueless. I worry constantly. He won’t hear of it, but I love him more than anything in this world. I would be very grateful if you could continue to try to keep him safe. Could you do that for me?”
John wiggled to adjust himself until he was straddling Sherlock, his groin pressed firmly against Sherlock’s. Sherlock felt John’s burgeoning erection pressing against his trouser front and put a broad hand warmly against John’s back, pulling him even closer. John hummed appreciatively into Sherlock’s mouth.
The book man chuckled. “Have you really never used a tape player before? Okay, look. When you press this button, it stops.” He pressed his finger to the black box and the voice went away.
“I don’t think you have an eating disorder; I think you are an arrogant snob who thinks he doesn’t have to listen to his body, and therefore I feel absolutely vindicated in teasing you as much as I like. Were the oysters good? Because I certainly didn’t get to taste a single one.”
. I disrobed you, and it was necessary. You asking me to get you off was the first thing this week that has made
Before this week, no one had ever touched John’s legs since he’d been an adult, other than a few casual brushes from a lover, or the manhandling when doctors at the hospital were testing to make sure there was no real injury associated with his limp.
“I’m having enough fun driving on an illogical side of the highway and trying to watch for Mycroft’s Magnificent Morons. You can take care of watching the road signs.”
She broke the kiss. “Gentle, gentle now. Play with them, don’t just grab and crush them. Here, let me show you.”
However, when Harry wasn’t causing a fuss, Johnny’s childhood was sweet and mystical; his thoughts were filled with wonder and with the products of his fervent imagination. Sometimes, on a moonlit night in the summer, Johnny would stand by his window and look towards the forest and strain to catch a glimpse of antlers.
Johnny’s evening routine usually started with sitting down to dinner with his family, which was like trying to play a civil game of tennis while a football team used the net for goal practice. He would attempt to answer his mother and father’s questions to him about his day while Harry complained, whined, burped, and generally behaved as loudly and obnoxiously as she could manage. Then, after dinner, Johnny would do his homework in his room at his small wooden desk, catching up on the history of punk with bands like Stiff Little Fingers and The Ramones through headphones on his Discman. (The music was invigorating, helped him concentrate, and also blocked out the nightly Harry-and-Mum screaming match.) When his homework was done, he would brush his teeth, run a wet cloth over his face, put on track suit bottoms and a jumper, and head to his tent.
“Biology experiments for children,” he read slowly, pointing to each word. “What’s better, is I have something to help you learn the words.”
“We already caught one fellow trying to get in through a window washing rig. There are no window washers scheduled for this month. SFPD already took him away. Didn’t see any of these black uniform fellows catching onto that.”
This felt...nice. Warm hands were squeezing and probing, and he felt tension ebbing away that he hadn’t even known was there. When that leg had been well-pummelled, Sherlock moved onto the right leg.
“Feel around a bit, push a little. You should feel a pulse, a rhythmic movement under your fingers.”
...which, as far as I am aware, is pretty damn accurate as a general guide to both monogamous and multi-partnered safer sexual practices. I have not put “barebacking” in the tags for a reason; I personally find barebacking (which to me is unnegotiated condom-free sex with a stranger) a turn-off. While I think that Sherlock and John are rather rushing their fluid bonding a little here, they do have some legit rationales for their decision—but I am not recommending fluid bonding with someone you’ve only known a week. Regardless, I’m making a distinction between random condom-free sex and our fictional lovers’ decision to go barrier-free just with each other after careful consideration. ‘kay? ‘kay.
John did so, and Sherlock saw him visibly sigh as he was engulfed in streams of water just this side of too hot. Sherlock had made sure that none of the shower nozzles that were positioned above the level of John’s shoulders—that would have splashed him in the face—were turned on. Sherlock moved in behind him and closed the glass door; then he wrapped his arms around John, pressing against him. John turned to nuzzle into his chest and wrap warm arms around his back. Sherlock rubbed his flaccid cock against John’s tummy and felt John’s skin along the length of his body. It was an incredibly comforting feeling.
It was an eerie song, beautiful and clear and strange, and it seemed to reach out through the forest as though the sound waves were alive. Johnny’s crying quietened as he tried to listen. What was this boy doing? Johnny’s leg was beginning to throb, and each throb elicited a moan, and he began to breathe faster. He hadn’t realized there was this much pain in the whole world. He began to shiver as he moaned, but he kept watching the forest creature, who continued to sing a song of longing and need and sadness.
“Well, we’ll just do that!” Wiggins said angrily, and he and Angela stomped off to the check-in desk, leaving John to sigh and Sherlock to pull at his hair.
“Ah, Japan. That’s the band name. I’d heard of them, but never bothered listening. Interesting. Delightfully eclectic. Note how minimalist the instrumentation is, John. Not what you would expect from a band that has name recognition.”
“Sherlock. You haven’t lost me to anybody. I have never felt about anyone the way I feel about you. I’m yours, you idiot. No one is going to change my mind about you: not your brother, not the bloody prime minister of England, not the Queen herself.”
He was tugged along swiftly, stumbling over roots and over branches brought down by the storm. He didn’t see more than slashing rain and dark branches until he found himself abruptly inside the entrance to a little cave.
“The things people did right here...the bravery they showed, the work they did carving out a little community here in this one part of the world...it saved my sister’s life, is what it did. I know things haven’t been easy for the gay community in San Francisco, much as the world likes to think it’s one big gay city. And I know a bit about the devastation that AIDS visited on this neighborhood. This flag…” John’s voice broke a little. “This flag means more to me than I can ever tell you.”
Grabbing John’s hand, Sherlock ducked into a staff hallway. They ended up in the break room behind the reception desk.
In the hallway, there was utter chaos. The sound level had risen; the regular lighting had gone off and the glare of emergency bulbs lit everything in stark black and white. A crowd had jammed up at the entrance to the stairwell and two agents were trying to unsnarl the problem--unsuccessfully, as the blocked door had created panic. The alarm was almost deafening in the hallway. John looked towards the other end and saw that two agents were busy trying to detain several sinister looking people. He looked over at Sherlock, who shook his head slightly and made a “don’t worry” face.
which had been so cramped for so long. How did Johnny do it, wearing these horrible things every day? It was absolute torture.
John marvelled at how different the touch of the full hand felt than when just the fingertips were doing more directed work. The long, even strokes filled his chest with a peculiar sensation, almost as though he wanted to cry.
I would’ve made jam-filled biscuits, I know they’re your favorite, but I was worried the jam would get all over in the post so I’m sending spice instead. Let me know if there’s anything else you need and we’ll try to send it along.
“While some of it may be painful, I assure you none of it will be excruciating, and most of it is meant to be soothing. Perhaps you’ve not had a relaxing massage before?”
“Yes, problem? There, we’re done. I needed to distract you through that; it can be quite unpleasant.” Sherlock began massaging John’s whole neck. It felt as though he was taking the pain that had been concentrated in that one tight band and was dissipating it out and away. He finished by running his full hands over the back of John’s head and down his neck, one after the other, creating a warming effect. John sighed with relief.
“Come on, Johnny,” they would murmur to him. “Let me feel your beautiful prick. Rub it against my silky, shiny uniform,
The book man held up a thing that Fawnlock recognized. Johnny used to put part of it on his head while he sat at his wooden table-thing, and sometimes he danced around a bit wearing it.
They left the hardware store and meandered to the other side of the street. John bought a pair of rainbow cufflinks in a novelty shop; then they purchased fragrant cookies at a hole-in-the-wall cookie stand.
a doctor. It’s about a 4.” The digging immediately stopped and hands started soothing flat strokes on his back, sweeping away from his spine to his sides.
“Oh, fuck, I’m sorry, it’s just been a really fucking bad week and tonight was the fucking worst and that fucking piece of vegetable
“Bloody fuck, I love you.” John muttered as he coated his hand with slick from the nearby bottle. He took a moment to curl his fingers into a fist, warming the lube. “One finger now.”
He’d never had one as delightfully naïve. Really, that display in Good Vibrations had been precious.
The contractions of John’s passage around Sherlock handily led to his own crisis, and he groaned long and loud as he felt his own cum shooting deep inside his lover. He marvelled at the satisfaction of knowing that instead of being stoppered into a latex balloon, he was painting John’s insides with his own DNA; marking him as his own, indeed, with shot after long, hot shot of thick fluid.
“Hey, you bugger! Get out! Shoo! No room for you!” Johnny gently pushed the little creature back out the tent flap when Christine’s head appeared.
“Yes; technically, it’s called a columbarium. It’s the only place that dead bodies are allowed to be kept in San Francisco.”
“You weren’t thinking. That was the first time you haven’t thought before you acted since you came here. It was magnificent.” Sherlock bounced back into bed, sitting next to him cross-legged. John realized that Sherlock was wearing jeans.
Sherlock smiled down at him, not realizing there was a touch of sadness in his eyes. The moment was already gone.
Sherlock set about laying out the feast on the coffee table, plopping cartons and paper plates, plastic forks and napkins in a chaotic jumble. He also set out six icy cold bottles of Kings Black label pilsner.
“We might as well make the best of it. Okay, this week we’re supposed to be going over the male reproductive system,” Johnny said.
“Oh, fuck you, Sherlock,” John said tiredly. “It’s been a long day. I had to visit a bunch of monks and worry about being turned into some celibate cult member. Then I was reminded of my convenient surprise-attack impotency, endured a stealth meditation, ate a whole duck, seduced the master of seduction, had a nightmare so fantastic that I beat up my new boyfriend, got turned into a puddle in the shower by said boyfriend, and then brilliantly got off that very same boyfriend. I think I’m entitled to a little temporary celibacy.”
Sherlock shook himself and began to draw the shampoo out through the strands of John’s hair. John turned around and nestled up against Sherlock with a sigh, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders. Sherlock was shocked at how a body so much shorter than his could fit against him so perfectly.
“Why am I not having a panic attack? That was a frightening event. Yech, this tea has spearmint in it.” John took the cup back to the sink and poured the tea out, rinsing it with water for good measure.
Rather predictably, John stopped moving altogether. He took a moment to settle Sherlock’s drawn-back leg atop his shoulder and rested his head against it.
“ARGH.” John rolled off Sherlock and yanked the floor lamp over so it was safely perched above the carpet with its payload of chilled towel drips. Then he used the duvet to mop up the water from Sherlock’s crotch.
“It would be my pleasure,” Sherlock said as he stood to phone room service to come retrieve the dishes.
“I’d like you to keep the cock ring on until we’re fucking, so that you can feel what it’s like to come with someone inside you. Are you okay with all that?”
“Yeah, I wanna find out what that cricket bat you’ve got in those shorts feels like in my mouth.” She grabbed his left hand and sucked a couple of fingers, swirling her tongue around them. Johnny felt his knees go weak.
“You don’t hit a two-year-old.” Tears started streaming down his cheeks. “I only heard about it when I got back, y’know? There I was, could hardly walk, couldn’t move my arm, could barely even fucking
Molly had helped Sherlock discover that, unexpectedly, if he concentrated on being aware of the existence of his hair follicles, it was an immediate grounding technique. It was a somatic awareness that could pull him out of an anxiety spiral any time. It didn’t lead to instant meditation, but it was a good start and sometimes helped when he was having trouble clearing the busy thoughts.
“All right, all right. I believe you. Besides, no one else is foolish enough to be out here at this hour. Is this more of that drone music you were playing in the room?”
Spring was unfolding across England when John took a break one warm evening from his bedpan duty to stand outside the hospital, drinking a tepid tea. He could smell early-season flowers on the air and for a moment, his heart quickened as he remembered what spring was like at home. He looked up at the waning moon and thought sadly about his tent out back...about lying out there some nights when he had no visitors but had sensed a benevolent presence in the forest and had felt a longing for something unnameable. He shook his head after a few minutes. Those thoughts were best left in the past. Better get back up to his job and emptying the hazardous materials bins before they overflowed; Saturday nights were busy ones on the ward.
Molly leaned uncomfortably close to John and said messily in his ear: “Mark’s a good friend; he almost never charges me for anything, so don’t sweat it. It’s all good.” She leaned back and took a good look at John. In a much lower, gentler voice, she said,
“Fuck, that’s good, that is,” John groaned. Sherlock smiled but did not look up from his task. After a few minutes, John set the glass on the table and felt his eyes growing heavy.
The deer boy scooted around and made as if to touch the broken limb. Johnny screamed and cried “No, no, no, no, no…” and the other boy pulled back his hands and looked upset. He said something very firmly to Johnny, but Johnny was beyond reason, even from incomprehensible forest-dweller words. He gazed at the deer boy through his tears, breath hitching, keening sounds spilling from his mouth without conscious thought.
already you histrionic scarecrow!” John grabbed the now-pacing Sherlock and pushed him back down on the bed, clambering on top of him and kissing him quiet. Sherlock eagerly kissed back, and soon the frantic, manic kisses settled into slower, deeper kisses, which led to Sherlock starting to rut slowly against John until John pulled back with a groan.
“Exactly. But...you don’t have to tell me; I’m pretty much ready for anything, really, so it’s all--”
“Yes, but that will be behind us, because the ocean is to the west of us, John. Really, do pay attention.”
Basic training is about what I expected. It’s exhausting and frustrating and the food is pants, but I think I’ll make it. The trick is just not to get upset. I get that they want to break us down and build us up again; it’s just a mind game. Nothing the drill instructor has said can compete with the things Harry used to call me, so I guess she did me a good turn, eh?
“Don’t worry; as I mentioned, falling asleep is the greatest compliment a masseur can get. Some of this may be a bit painful, but it should be no more than a 2 or 3 on the pain scale; let me know if anything goes over that.”
“Fucking Brussles sprouts again. What is fucking wrong with this kitchen.” She shoved the tray away from herself, pulled out a flask, and tipped it into the can of soda in front of her. “How are you holding up, Private Go-Getter? You any closer to that medical degree?”
“John, come on, let me show you around a bit. Isn’t it beautiful in here?” Sherlock was speaking in unusually hushed tones. “This is Harvey Milk. He was one of the founders of—”
Wordlessly, Sherlock held out his left arm. He rolled up the sleeve. His skin showed pinpricks of old white scars inside the elbow. He repeated the gesture with his right arm.
“This is Michael Charing. He had an accident with his bicycle yesterday and was brought in last night from the hospital.”
“Mostly deduction, this time. Simple extrapolation of your Army background and what you were probably thinking about, combined with your sudden movement. Don’t be so awed. Ready for your ankles?”
“It’s lidocaine, idiot. It will numb the area slightly and shouldn’t add to the infection risk.” He dabbed cream on the deep cut and let it sit for a minute.
“I told you: I observe, Doctor. You do an excellent job of compensating for it, but your gait is slightly off—most people wouldn’t notice—and you hold the opposite shoulder a bit higher in compensation. You also hold it higher due to the real injury you retained in that shoulder when you were in service, most likely in Afghanistan or Iraq. You look annoyed when your leg twinges, as it did in the elevator; you look pained when your shoulder hurts, as it did when you removed your satchel. The leg pain is a psychological response to a real, traumatic injury to the shoulder.”
I have no idea if John would be able to tell that easily that Sherlock was not having a heart attack. Let’s just go with it for the story. :)
John realized that Sherlock was not taking his eyes from his own, yet they didn’t touch a piece of furniture. Sherlock even reached behind and opened the door to his room, to give them more space to dance, without breaking stride. John felt himself swept around as in a dream, held securely in the clasp of Sherlock’s arms and his warm gaze. Finally, he could take it no more and laid his head against Sherlock’s bare chest. Sherlock pulled him closer, and their naked bodies pressed together as they continued to dance, Sherlock navigating the connected rooms effortlessly.
A few minutes later they were sat on the couch, tea cups in hand. Sherlock had pulled John’s feet into his lap.
“You need some time to take this in. I shall retire to my adjoining room, just through this door; knock if you need anything or if you feel like having company again.” Sherlock graced him with one more dazzling smile and disappeared through a door between some cabinets and the wall of windows.
on my explaining every step of what I plan to do first, so that you could agree to it or veto it beforehand; during the session, you would have complete verbal freedom to tell me to stop the session at any time, as well as complete physical freedom to enforce that wish to any level of violence necessary. We both know you could immobilize me in a heartbeat if you had to, probably without doing any permanent damage. So will you listen?”
Fawnlock looked up from where he’d been studying the sheet of letters, startled, and watched Greg sing with wide eyes. Feeling foolish, Greg sang it through twice, spotting the hostess hiding a grin behind her hand. He shot her a glare.
John gave up and drank the contents of the cup quickly, coughing afterwards. Sherlock poured him another cup, making it just plain tea this time. He set it on the table in front of John and went back to holding him.
“Something-enny’s...said it has magic silverware...said it was the most American place you could ever eat at. -enny’s...Kenny’s?…”
He exchanged his jeans for some cotton sweatpants and pulled on a soft, warm jumper. He grabbed a pillow off the bed and sat on the floor, his back to the wall, and faced the windows. He crossed his legs, loosely, and let his hands rest, palms down, on his knees. (He did not buy into the idea that his palms needed to be facing up to be “open to the gifts of the universe.” He found that being physically comfortable and relaxed was far more important for achieving the ideal theta wave state than some new-age superstition.)
Now John was sitting half-cross-legged (with his psychosomatically bad leg stretched out) on the center of the bed, staring at Sherlock.
Sherlock found that he had stopped washing John’s hair and was, instead, simply rubbing John’s back in slow circles. John gave a soft sigh into his neck. Sherlock didn’t want to move, didn’t want to leave this moment in time.
The music from the little MP3 player had become bleak and eerie. John thought about turning it off, but it fit their situation so well that he couldn’t bring himself to do it. He simply rode quietly, watching the woody behemoths looming over them as they wound through what a sign had called “The Avenue of the Giants.”
As I delved into Fawnlock, I was reminded of a magical story I remember from childhood. You may want to read
When his teeth began to chatter--my goodness, that happened in real life, he’d thought it was just something in books--he heard the deer boy move closer, and then he felt the boy’s hands all over his face. He tried to protest with a “Hey” but the shivering and chattering led to something a lot closer to “Brrrr.” The hands dropped from his face, and a few moments later he was abruptly pulled back across the dirt on his shorts-covered bum until his back was flat against a wiggly warmth. Arms wrapped around his stomach, and the deer boy made some noises that frankly sounded a little patronizing. Johnny’s shivering subsided from a constant quiver to little pulses of shudders as he warmed up, so he didn’t argue against the unusual position.
A half-hour later, John and Sherlock emerged from the Muni tunnel into bright afternoon sunlight. John looked around for a moment; then he spied the enormous rainbow flag flying proudly at the corner of Castro and Market.
“That, you can certainly do.” John made his way into the bathroom, limping a bit more noticeably since he obviously didn’t need to hide it from his new Companion (the capital “C” was all too obvious in the way the man pronounced it).
attention. Watch as many procedures as you can and ask yourself if you have the stomach for it, and don’t lie to yourself, won’t do you or anyone else any good. Keep asking questions. Talk to the doctors. Make a pain of yourself.”
“Yes, I have the fucking panic button on the phone. Yes, I will use it if there is an emergency. Mycroft, I am no longer four years old.”
“For a little while, we had an ice maker on base, but it broke down so much we just gave up. Of course, we had one in hospital, but we needed that for the patients.”
“A reference to earlier, when you said you hadn’t felt the other orgasm. Never mind, just being clever.”
“Knew what couldn’t last? What are you talking about? Look lad, why don’t you just tell me what’s up and we’ll sort it out together?”
“I don’t even know what that means.” Sherlock pulled smoothly onto the next exit, which led to a road abutted by fields. “Do you think you can drive on the wrong side of the road?”
“I went to school, like anyone else. At first I attended a massage therapist’s school, but the training was too soft; too much emphasis on
“Well, obviously the staff know I am no longer employed; Mycroft saw to that whether I wanted to quit or not. It was an easy guess to think I would be moving on physically. When she saw what nonsense is going on outside our door, and knowing me as she does, she could see that it was time for me to go. She knows I have no access to private transportation; therefore, she has alerted Karl, the concierge, to arrange a car for us. It will be on Mycroft’s tab, of course, but he won’t see the bill until we are well away. The St Regis will take care not to bill him for several days. She will make sure that the people to whom I am closest are available tomorrow morning so that I may say my goodbyes.”
“Is there more to getting fucked than that? People seem to enjoy being opened up; they seem to like prostate stim, but not the ‘bang bang bang’ that they always want to do to me; what seems to work is very light touches, very delicate, like I did with you. I suppose you’re only the second person I’ve ever even wanted to do anything sexual with; you’re the second person I’ve ever wanted to
“Drink,” he said in his most commanding tone and was relieved when it worked. It was one thing to say all sorts of encouraging things during the scene in a Dommy voice, but he hadn’t really had to try to do any actual power exchange.
Sherlock moaned in relief at the stimulation, which felt vibrant after minutes of being so still. He could feel his cock jerking between them, in John’s grip, in response to the pinching on his tender nipple. The tongue fucking was incredibly erotic, even though John was only moving in and out a few centimetres. Sherlock stayed motionless, afraid to do anything that would stop John’s actions, and this made him feel helpless—entirely at John’s mercy. When John pinched at the nipple with his fingernails, the pain was startling, magnified far beyond what it would have warranted outside this strange interlude, and Sherlock felt his cock leak pre-cum onto his stomach.
away from my boyfriend!” shouted Sherlock, committing some violence with sharp elbows that cleared a pocket of room.
Finally, the last of the dragon was winding away down the stairs as their soup was served. Sherlock became aware of firecrackers going off outside along with a large and noisy parade; he watched John surreptitiously, but John didn’t twitch once at any of the loud bangs.
“Where are you from, love? You must have quite a story to tell,” he murmured quietly. “Let’s take a look at this book, shall we?”
Molly smiled at John softly. “Honey, that’s a pretty standard reaction to a good scene. Don’t feel bad about it. You two connected. It’s very, very intense. It can be much more intimate than ‘vanilla’ sex. That surprises a lot of people who are new to it.”
, and he felt a rush of adrenaline. He yelled into the gag and bucked up as far as he could with his wrists stuck to the bed. And then an explosion of endorphins flooded his system. He had barely enough sense left to name them as endorphins before he drifted high above, seeing colours and hearing sounds over Sherlock’s beautiful, wondrous voice which was busy saying things; he couldn’t make out the words but it didn’t matter, because the tones were so amazing, so incredible that he could feed on them and live for days, for weeks on end, doing nothing but listening to Sherlock speak, sitting at his feet and kissing his fingertips and toes.
This had led him to stalking many other human campsites. He begged Moosecroft to teach him human-speak, but Moosecroft refused, saying that humans were far too dangerous and that he didn’t want Fawnlock studying them or, indeed, going anywhere near them.
“That’s what Sherlock called it! He made me drink something, and he made me eat a candy bar, and then he held me for a while, and I guess I fell asleep.”
At the top of the stairs, John stopped and gaped at the Buddhist temple located up another short staircase. The sweet smell of incense and the soft ring of ritual chimes drifted towards them on tendrils of sensation from the quiet service being held in the dark room. Sherlock put his hand on John’s back and guided him to the right, to the entrance to the dining room. The hostess seated them at a small table near the entrance.
“Wonderful,” John said lazily. Then he nuzzled at Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock held John tightly and stared blankly at the wall over John’s shoulder, unable to fathom how this sweet, troubled man could look at him as though Sherlock was worthy of him, as though he wasn’t a broken-down, bitter drug addict of a whore who offended and insulted anyone within hearing distance and, as he had been assured by his parents and his brother so many times, was entirely too clever to be liked (much less loved) by anyone, ever. He took his own turn to press his face into John’s neck and was quiet for some time.
“By now, we would be building up some layers of sensation that would be keeping some cycles of your conscious mind busy and starting you on your journey into subspace. You might begin to feel somewhat altered; your thoughts might feel a little slower, your breaths might be deeper. Your limbs might feel heavier. Throughout this process, I would be looking out for your safety; it would be my responsibility to watch out for your physical and emotional needs. If anything happened, such as a fire alarm, you would be able to snap out of this state and take care of yourself just as at any other time, and I would be right there to help you get dressed and get out of the building.”
Sherlock’s mouth dropped open. John’s voice had gone dark and commanding; the power in it had made the blood rush from Sherlock’s head into his erection at an unprecedented speed. He was ashamed to hear himself
When he got to the street, John stopped, breathing hard. Sherlock watched from just inside the hotel, through the glass door. John looked around, then stared down at the pavement. After a moment, he seemed to come to a decision, and he walked out of the alley, turned left on 3
“Oh God, so good, John. Amazing. Yes. Keep doing that, keep reacting, keep vocalizing. You are a natural; you are so, so good.”
—in the bag. He shed his artificial fur as fast as he could, tossed the restrictive articles aside carelessly, and lay down on his back in the grass, sighing with relief and stretching all of his limbs. Then he rolled onto his stomach and reached back, ruefully rubbing at his bruised tail. The lower garment was particularly distressing. He rolled back over and stared up at the sky between the trees, lightly stroking his
We haven’t heard from you in a while. Are you doing okay? How is training going? Are you getting enough to eat?
And then he felt John’s hand at his cock, and the horrible strap was unsnapped, and he let out a yell as what seemed like hours of want and agony spilled out of his cock in surge after surge of hot jets of liquid, and John was pumping into him, saying “Yes, yes, come for me darling, yes…”
All of this was delivered at so rapid a pace that John could barely differentiate the words, and it was uttered in an urgent, quiet tone that caught his attention far better than yelling would have. He blinked a few times, and Sherlock released his wrist, which immediately felt a bit chilled at the departure of those warm, long fingers.
“I don’t know,” John wailed in the midst of unhappy giggles. “It’s ticklish, and it’s embarrassing, and I really want it, but I don’t know how people do it. I mean, for god’s sake, Sherlock, it’s where
They decided that John would have to make the call to Mycroft, explain the situation, and ask for his help in coming up with a plan. Sherlock was extremely unhappy with this approach, but there was nothing to be done about it. And they could not call until the next morning; while Sherlock had no qualms about calling Mycroft at 03:00 London-time, John flat-out refused. So Molly left them when she was certain that Sherlock was past his crisis, and when they found themselves alone again, John forced a large bottle of blue Gatorade on Sherlock.
John was alarmed to see, out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock shrink just slightly away, pressing against the door.
“I’m really not pleased with this response. However, I’m equally sure that Mycroft is not pleased either and that heads are rolling. In fact, if we opened the door, we would see two completely different agents outside.”
“That is up to you. We could go sightseeing; we could take in a movie at the cinema across the street; we could—”
. Dildos, riding crops, masks, and other items, which were not immediately identifiable, lined the walls in a clean, brightly lit room. Customers milled about and murmured in low tones. The atmosphere was far from what he had ever imagined a sex shop would entail. As he looked around, he realized that the majority of the customers were female. And there were so many different types of people...chubby women in sensible clothes, androgynous punks, a stereotypically femmy gay couple—even a woman with a baby in a sling on her chest! A clerk with a bright pink crew cut, wearing a “Good Vibrations” t-shirt, was turning a large, loud vibrator on and off, demonstrating it to a goth teenager. “It’s for my girlfriend; she likes a strong sensation,” the kid was explaining.
John wandered over to where Sherlock was sitting on the bed and looked at the colorful map, with its zones and dots, without taking it in.
“See that teahouse, right over there? Meet me on Saturday, at noon, and I’ll teach you how to read. If you’re serious about it.”
“Okay! You be that way! A little kid wanders into your woods and you don’t have the good manners to help him get home. That’s just fine. When I get home you better believe I’ll be telling them how
Sherlock stared up at him with complete focus. Sherlock’s face was upside down from John’s perspective.
The Book Man’s tape player was quite effective. Fawnlock could feel connections being made; a language was forming in his brain. Conversations he had overheard in his years of spying on human camping grounds were mixing with the words he was learning in books.
John stared at Sherlock for a while before finally looking down at the carpet. He simply had no answer.
The little car jumped into motion. Sherlock whipped onto New Montgomery Street and began a series of deft maneuvers in and out of Friday night traffic, zipping down alleys and twisting in various directions so that it was not obvious where they were headed.
“Not really. I don’t seem to be adequately conveying his authority to you. If he wanted to, he could have directed everything I ever saw and everyone I encountered since I stepped off the plane. The problem is,
Letting his gaze settle into the distance, he focused on his breath in the traditional way for the simple reason that 4 counts in, 8 counts out convinced his amygdala that he was not being chased by a tiger in the savannah but instead was safe enough to breathe slowly, and this engaged his parasympathetic nervous system, which was a calming goal of meditation.
“There was a sniper, John. Disguised as a homeless person, sitting in the shadows. Somehow Mycroft’s Best managed to not see him or her. Time was of the essence.”
For a few moments, he was able to focus on the sensation of his own scalp. As he concentrated on it, he could feel individual sections of his head almost tingling with awareness. He could feel that he had hair above his forehead, behind his ears, at the crown of his head, marching down to the back of his neck. It was pleasant and reassuring. He started breathing more deeply without realizing it.
“Shit,” John said as he watched a man on the sidewalk next to them collapse, blood spurting from his neck. People started screaming. The
“Clearly you were enjoying the duck; I didn’t want you to worry about trying to split your entrée loyalty.”
John saw that Sherlock was grinning around his mouthful of penis and closed his eyes, unable to think of much of anything beyond the warmth engulfing him. Then Sherlock began to use his tongue, and John groaned. John glanced down and saw that Sherlock was using his fingers to hold something against him below his balls; must be a dental dam, he thought.
John started alternating between licking the webbing and sucking on whatever toe he was near. He grinned when he saw Sherlock’s cock starting to fill out. “Now what were we supposed to be talking about? Our exit strategy?”
But Moosecroft met up with him from time to time, usually just long enough to begin haranguing him about his activities and nagging him to return home before Fawnlock would manage to escape from him again.
“Right? He just kept talking and talking...it was like his voice was wrapping my whole body up in liquid sex.”
. Johnny found that he no longer needed release at the moment; in fact, he couldn’t remember his penis being this small since this whole ordeal had started.
The brother of a lifelong friend of mine once gave me a massage at an outdoor concert. I’ve never felt anything like it, and I think the difference was that he used his whole hand, palm too. Boy did I want to have sex with him after that, but I guess it wasn’t socially feasible since his sister was my best friend...or he missed the cues, or I wasn’t his type, or something.
“If it is any comfort, the unfortunate problems you two have been through have exposed some severe holes in our security system that I have now corrected, and you may well have saved lives in the future. That, however, is no excuse. I hope to be able to make this up to you at some future date.”
As soon as they started walking back towards the hotel, Sherlock’s mobile phone rang. He answered but didn’t say anything.
There was a pause where he saw neither Person and worried that perhaps he had actually lost the communication, when finally Halifa spoke up and appeared in the Pool.
As for whether or not massage releases “toxins” or “stored chemicals” or anything else—I am not a doctor. I do know that I seem to like hydrating after massages. *shrug*
Pain blossomed again on the same nipple and turned almost immediately into psychedelic pleasure. John felt his cock jerk so hard that a little pre-cum drizzled out. He wriggled his chest as best he could with his wrists pinned to the bed, hoping Sherlock would get the idea to work his other nipple.
“Okay, I’ll just get on with it, shall I? Any papers you need me to sign, while I’m down here?” Sherlock replied, sarcastically.
Sherlock held his tablet in his other hand, but he hadn’t turned it on yet. Instead he took a deep, cleansing breath and allowed himself to begin thinking about the problem of London. He would need Mycroft’s help, that was clear. And depressing. And he would need to have a plan before he called his dear brother to have any hope of any control over his life for the next few years. Realistically, he knew that going back meant that he would have to humble himself and allow Mycroft a great deal of power over him for a while. Mycroft’s smugness would be insufferable, but it must be borne; John was worth that and much, much more. John was worth enduring anything, really.
Sherlock had had much more planned for the scene, but he had noticed when John had been clean out of his head, when John had stopped hearing him and had drifted far away. John’s poor cock had been weeping pre-cum for so long and had looked so incredibly tantalizing that Sherlock decided to go ahead and bring him off, having taken John much deeper into subspace than he had dreamed possible, and he had brought John to a spectacular finish that he doubted John had even been aware of. Sherlock was left quite wanting, but that was not at all the point, and he was comfortable with that. It was enough to know that contrary to his experience watching demonstrations with strangers, scening with John was absolutely, utterly sexual for him and definitely something he wanted to do again—and again, and again, as often as possible.
That night he found a pile of magazines between his bed and the wall, where he kept his comics. It was a sleepless and busy night.
“None of my beeswax. You learn in the hotel business to keep your eyes and ears open and your mouth shut. We all know something’s going on; we don’t know what it is, but we will protect Sherlock with our lives. These fools with guns don’t seem to have a clue, but you can count on the St Regis to watch out for you. You too, Dr Watson. You’re treating Sherlock well, so you’re under our watch too.”
forgive myself for not protecting him from that situation in the first place, though of course he never listens to me. Nonetheless, I should have found a way to prevent it.”
“Well done, lad, well done! You catch on quick, you do.” Greg beamed at the youngster, and Fawnlock let a shy smile emerge for a moment.
This was different. John was watching him with an echo of the mood of the afternoon; Sherlock felt as though he was in charge again, as though John was trusting him to direct what came next, to take care of John’s needs. It was a heady feeling, and he saw something shift in John’s eyes, a subtle change so that he was no longer Everyday John, lightly mocking this experiment, ready to jump up and do the next thing, but he was now this new Sub John, pliant, waiting upon Sherlock. He felt the shift reflected down in his cock, and impulsively he leaned in to kiss John as he chewed, licking at the spicy sauce on John’s lips. John closed his eyes and sighed.
Sherlock watched as more tension leeched out of John’s body, and he felt a bit of tension leech out of his own. He resisted the urge to squeeze John’s hands in relief.
Sherlock was curled in a ball on the floor, shaking. John knelt at his side and felt for the pulse at his neck.
They made out for a while. Christine helped Johnny find a comfortable position where one leg was sort of wrapped around her hip, the other tucked under her knees. The rhythm of kissing calmed him, and he stopped being quite so nervous.
a typical destination, but you really should come here once if you’re going to visit the Castro.” Sherlock steered them into Cliff’s Variety, a busy hardware store.
A new song began playing. It was sparse and haunting; Sherlock found himself impressed by the band’s willingness to incorporate elements of silence and space into the music.
“Oh God...that must be my prostate...Oh John John John John you are incredible you are amazing I love you please more please please…”
“I was perfectly safe. I may never get another chance to see this phenomenon from the beginning,” Fawnlock growled, twisting to try to free himself from Moosecroft’s unrelenting grip.
The deer boy didn’t answer. His nose was twitching; he looked up, and then he plunged his hands into the bag, lifting the apple out triumphantly.
Fawnlock twitched his ears. He was sitting on the ground, in the dark, with his back against the side of Johnny’s house, tucked up below Johnny’s bedroom window. It was a bit risky—if anyone came into the back garden, they’d see him—but he’d been watching the house for years, and no one ever set foot outside after dark until Johnny made his nightly trek to his tent.
“Now, while you’re listening to my words, start to feel yourself in your body. Feel how the bed is solid underneath you. Notice how it feels to have your rump on the bed, how your legs feel arranged against the sheets. Feel your hands resting in my hands. Feel your arms connected to your hands; feel your shoulders connected to your arms. Feel your head heavy on your neck. Feel your back strong and long, holding up your neck and shoulders and attaching to your hips. Feel the muscles in your face. Feel your eyelids closed against your eyeballs. Feel the air coming in and out of your nostrils. Feel your tongue resting in your mouth.”
He rearranged himself so that he was sitting propped against the bed, too, and wrapped his arm around Sherlock, who immediately curled in against John without letting go of Molly. They sat that way in the quiet for a while.
John could see Sherlock’s eyes glinting in the faint light coming in from the nighttime city. They were colourless in the dark, but he fancied he could see emotion in them far beyond the words—regret, and desperation, and yearning. He reached up and slipped his fingers through Sherlock’s curls, over and over again until Sherlock’s eyelids fell lower and lower and finally shut. Sherlock gave one inelegant, giant yawn and was suddenly asleep. John smiled fondly and watched him until John, too, fell under Morpheus’ spell.
“Don’t...Sherlock, I’m not…” Within moments, he was rock hard, startling himself and feeling lightheaded. “Oh. Shit. Yeah, like that.”
John stared out the window at the city lights, half-obscured by the ever-present night fog. “When you touch me, it’s different.”
“Yeah, uh…” The policeman looked up. “Yeah. I guess you can go. But--no more, uh, fucking in public, okay?”
“Ah, you’ve heard of him! Then you know he’s just the sort we need with us from now on. Immense power. The three of us caused a nice little disruption.”
, John!” Sherlock shouted suddenly. John jumped up from the bed to cover his alarm and sat down on the couch, glaring.
Fawnlock immediately moved from where he was sniffing the toes back to stand opposite Molly, across the table, and he leaned in as far as he could without impeding her instruments.
“Okay, let’s get started!” John said cheerily and arranged himself so his cock was in Sherlock’s mouth. This took some doing, actually, as he didn’t want to smother Sherlock with his arse, and he ended up on all fours over Sherlock, his face very close to the drip zone. Which turned out to be convenient for the reward section of the game. Also, it meant that Sherlock could not see the drips and would have to concentrate on feel alone.
But no answer came. He looked, and understood the silence. With a smile of much happiness on his face, and something of a listening look still lingering there, the weary Rat was fast asleep.”
“Fawnlock, it’s good to see you! I’d given up on you—and on this, thanks for bringing it back. You want a ‘book better’—you want a better book? Maybe a better story, one suited for a teenager?”
Sherlock sighed. “Mel’s is a local chain; the one on Van Ness was used in some of the filming, though most of the movie was filmed on location in Petaluma, where George Lucas misspent his youth cruising up and down a single street in uselessly modified cars.”
” Mycroft kept it short and simple, dispensing with the customary mannerly exchange of how everyone was doing and how loved ones were doing and how each participant’s respective Peoples were doing and multiple other topics that could take several hours. The difficulty of multi-Person communication demanded brevity.
“Sherlock, I know they do things differently at Cambridge,” Mycroft intoned in dry, nasal superiority over the phone as Sherlock rolled his eyes. “But I assure you that there are some things that will not be in your best interests. Do not tell the dons what they have got wrong. Do not sleep with the wrong boys. And do not, whatever you do, for God’s sake, partake of cocaine.”
“Mel’s Diner. Classic American-style food: breakfast, lunch, or dinner, any time. It is a few blocks from here.”
“Psychosomatic, Doctor. A pain of the mind responds well to the placebo effect. I was confident with the massage and made you believe that it would work.”
“Right. Well, we’re not going to listen to my music, because it’s sitting in a cup of pee about 50 miles south of here.”
“I think Pan is more of a feeling than a real person. You know how we talked about Father Christmas being the embodiment of love? I think Pan is a bit like that...maybe not so much an actual being but still real whenever anyone takes care of someone else, or when you feel the breeze on your face in early Spring and you can almost smell the flowers growing.”
“Oh, I do.” John poured bath gel into his hands with a look of glee. He proceeded to run slippery fingers
Sherlock delicately pulled apart the lightly fuzzed buttocks in front of him and leaned down; he let his long, warm tongue start at the base of John’s testicles and started to lick up—
There was no answer. He blinked, and the figure was gone. He stood still a long time; finally he gathered his courage to go check around the tree, but there was nothing there, and he could see little in the renewed darkness.
“Let’s see, page 267...oh, oh my, well, yes, that is indeed the male reproductive system, there,” Johnny said in a mostly even tone.
John barked out a laugh when they stepped through the door and he realized that he’d just been brought to a
“No, I think Johnny should hear this.” She leaned over to the worktop between the kitchen and dining area and plucked a folded, wrinkled piece of paper off.
“So then he scooted down so his face was at my crotch, see, and I didn’t know what he was gonna do. And he rolled me over onto my back, like, and then he kinda put his nose down in my, well, y’know,
And he had to admit—he hadn’t felt this alive since he had been invalided out. His heart was pounding; his blood was singing. Every muscle felt prepared—for something. He felt aroused. He felt
Note that I have never tried to teach anyone to read before. I suspect that this is not at all the best approach, but it's Sherlock, after all, so have faith. (Librarian Lestrade hasn't led any of the reading groups, he's doing his best!)
Fawnlock saw one of the bundles of leaves open on the thing the man was leaning upon. He pointed to it and looked at the man expectantly.
The deer boy grabbed at the wet book, letting Johnny’s wrist loose in his excitement. Some of the paper ripped. The deer boy said more excited nonsense words.
(Yes, this story has been on hiatus due to real-life issues; I cannot promise when the next update will be, but I can assure you that it is not abandoned; the rest of the story has been outlined. Big heartfelt thanks to those readers who hang in there!)
One more week and I’m out. It’s okay that you won’t be up for the pass out, I’ll send you a picture. Bill’s a good lad, said he’d take one.
“Okay, that’s the hard part done. I’ll do some gentler finishing to bring you down, and then we’ll work on your front.” Sherlock returned to the firm touch he’d used earlier, after “waking up the skin,” rubbing John slowly and thoroughly over all of his body.
“SHOO! Stay! No, bad deer! Stop following me!” Johnny sniffled and wiped his nose on his wrist, knowing it was anger making him cry a little and not anything stupid like being a baby. He turned and charged towards the other boy a bit, and the deer boy backed up a few steps but never stopped staring at Johnny.
Johnny cracked open an eye, and he did not see a pillow under his head but instead a furry tummy that was starting to shift about. He took a deep breath, opened his other eye, and looked around to see trees towering above him in slanted afternoon light.
“Mostly trees. We’ll stick to the coast; you can see lots of water, if you like. Rather chilly. Lots of pot growers, but we shan’t be visiting them. Plenty of people who think they are hippies, but we shan’t be visiting them either. We may spend a bit of time in the Humboldt State library.”
The white-hot pain of the bullet piercing the front of his body and exploding out his back was surprising every time. John felt the familiar affronted anger that something had dared violate his shoulder, swiftly followed by despair as he fell on the hot sand with gunfire whizzing above his head. A strange burning smell filled his nose. He heard yelling and realized it was coming from his own throat; it sounded oddly far away. He scrabbled at the sand but could get no purchase; he tried to shift his legs, but it was as though the right one was pinned down by an immoveable weight. He looked down and saw a body lying across it. Panic set in as he realized he could not sit up without risking more injury from the active firefight. He was trapped.
Sherlock moved down the table and started to work on the left leg. “I’m going to start doing a little between-muscle work. It’s going to feel strange, but again, it should not hurt more than a 3.”
It wasn’t until he had finished cleansing all of the cuts that he realized Sherlock hadn’t answered. He glanced up; Sherlock’s face was completely blank.
“The cut is deep, Sherlock. Didn’t you feel it? No, you wouldn’t have, in all the excitement. I’d prefer to have you on antibiotics for this. Shit, I had some in my kit.”
Sherlock loosened his hold and instead nuzzled again into John’s neck. He couldn’t seem to say anything else.
“John Watson, MD. Recently of Afghanistan, invalided out from a shot to the left shoulder. Working as a locum, on a trip to a conference in San Francisco at the St Regis. How is it that you know my brother?”
“Once in a while, they hit my prostate by accident, but that’s mostly unpleasant. I don’t want to feel that with a client. So I pretend; I’m very good at making ‘prostate’ noises. Every client who has fucked me has been certain he or she has been brilliant at finding and perfectly stimulating my prostate. I have been brilliant at ensuring they came nowhere close to that organ.
. These ‘cream-of-the-crop’ operatives took down a fine, gentle human without having a clue that she was
Sherlock scoffed and climbed into the passenger seat. He reached for the lever underneath and slid the seat way back.
Sherlock turned around to remove his trousers. This part was hard to do gracefully, and if he kept his client’s—er,
“Ah, the Pygmalion question. Well, I needed money for cocaine, and I was already sucking off dealers, and I’d gotten quite good at it. I found out about Companions when one john took me to the Saint Regis, and I learned that Companions make quite a lot of money. However, I wasn’t aware that there was a strict policy on drug use. It seemed like a better situation, though, and a close friend agreed, so I cleaned up my act, came back and applied, and I was accepted.”
“What? No big deal, a big gorgeous building full of ashes. Historical. Let’s go back in, tell me all about the founders of San Francisco, the gay men who died in the name of Reagan’s homophobic policies.” John stood up; Sherlock grabbed his wrist and pulled him back down.
Sally pointed wordlessly at a doorway past the desk marked “LG”. Fawnlock strode to it and was down the stairs before Greg took a step. He burst through the door at the bottom and stopped short, staring about in awe.
“Nothing happened. I apologize; I forgot for a moment what my role is here. Perhaps after you have your coffee, I could offer you a blow job? Or maybe you’d like to fuck me instead. You have held out long enough, after all.”
“We haven’t been properly introduced. I’m Greg. What’s your name?” He held out his hand, and when the kid just stared at it, he pulled it back as nonchalantly as he could.
John and Sherlock were lying in bed, head-to-toe. John was busy lightly gnawing on one of Sherlock’s ankles, and Sherlock was half-heartedly telling him to stop.
Sherlock plopped the bag rather perfunctorily on the side of the bed and climbed up. As he crawled over John, the leather creaked in a satisfying way. He moved so that he was straddling John’s legs, and John could smell the unique scent of the black material. Sherlock reached into the bag and plucked out a cuff.
“As soon as we’re back, we’ll get tested so we can be fluid bonded. Then we won’t have to worry about these boring interruptions.”
Johnny and his mother were close in a different way. It seemed as though they never stopped talking. His mother had been an English major, and she taught him stories and language and how to see layers of meaning behind words. She listened carefully to the tales of his days at school and discussed the troubles of a Year 6 child as seriously as she discussed politics with her husband.
“OHHHHH…” Sherlock groaned, bucking and writhing so that John had to pull off for a moment. “Oh...John...do that again, please, do that again.”
“No, I think he’s real, Mum. I think people just forgot how to see him, like he did to Mole and Rat.”
John sighed, feeling a bit better about their security but still wishing desperately for the SIG Sauer tucked back in the safe in his bedsit.
Once in a while, Fawnlock moved his head up to peer in the window. He didn’t do it often, so the risk of being seen was low. His hearing was much better than a human’s, so he was still able to spy fairly effectively, even with the window was shut against the late autumn chill.
A new person had joined their nighttime gathering. She was tall, thin, and was wearing a tailored suit in a dark colour.
John craned his head around and kissed Sherlock’s face, wherever he could reach, and Sherlock angled his head so that they were kissing, messily, their lips soft from emotion, John’s mouth salty from tears.
John did as he was asked, staring at Sherlock. Who was this man? Was this standard fare for all his clients, just another ordinary massage provided in the life of this high-class call boy? Did it mean nothing to him, less important than having breakfast in a restaurant? Sherlock returned his gaze, his eyes glittering emerald in the afternoon sun, his expression neutral.
The two stared at each other as Moosecroft continued to cup water in his hand and feed it to Fawnlock.
John rolled over to face the window. He didn’t want Sherlock to see the flare of anger he felt at his new friend having been so used. Of course it wasn’t his place to judge, or even have an opinion on Sherlock’s vocation. He took a few deep breaths and schooled his features before rolling over again.
When Fawnlock just stared at him, Lestrade went ahead and changed out the tapes. Fawnlock watched, fascinated. As soon as the tape was in, he ejected it as he’d seen Lestrade do; he inspected it for a minute before placing it back in. He tilted his head as he did this, and his scarf fell a bit.
About two months after John met Captain McIntyre in the canteen, she sat down across from him on his 0200 lunch hour.
“Oh...oh...oh…” Sherlock kept making little moans as he collapsed, limp, against the bed, staring up at the ceiling, unseeing.
in love with him. I was so fucking grateful, it’s sickening to think about. I wanted to...shit.” John rubbed at his face. “I wanted to
“Some people think he was Pan, a woodland demigod. Pan is a mythical creature that plays pipes. You remember those pipes they played at the festival last month?”
Sherlock turned back around. The relief in his eyes made John want to hold him tight with one arm, never letting him go again, and with the other arm kill anyone who ever made Sherlock feel as though he wasn’t worth getting past a tiny misunderstanding for. Instead, he hid his reaction, afraid it would be interpreted as pity, and made an impatient “drink up!” gesture, to which Sherlock responded by groaning and drinking a few drops more.
“Ah. Well. As I said, it became a matter of necessity, once I decided to become a Companion. I never used it for the high; I only used it to quiet my mind.”
By now, Fiona had gotten very close to Brandi and was speaking very softly. Brandi’s pyjamas began to feel too warm under the covers, but she was suddenly shy about pushing the covers off. Fiona wasn’t looking at Brandi’s eyes any more; she seemed to be whispering directly at Brandi’s mouth. Brandi licked her lips without noticing.
“Hold on.” John gestured at Sherlock with his chopsticks. “You stopped a cocaine addiction by simply meditating?”
“Sorry for the delay, Mr Holmes, Dr Watson,” said the woman in a polite, upper-class British accent. The two agents ushered the four of them into the lobby.
. The Force was a real thing to him, and he dreamed at night that he was living in Cloud City or that he had been chosen as the Kwisatz Haderach. He and his mother read L’Engle’s Time Trilogy to each other, discussing the philosophy and science therein. Soundtracks by John Williams and Bernard Hermann filled his ears from a Walkman cassette player he’d received for his twelfth birthday. He did his homework earnestly and thoroughly and spent a great deal of time staring out the window at the forest, daydreaming about what the future might be like.
“For modesty,” he explained. “Many men have a natural physiological reaction to massage, and I know you are concerned about that aspect of our relationship, so this should help you to keep from feeling self-conscious.”
“I see,” Lestrade said, examining the player. “You have it tuned to the talk channel. That’s not a bad idea, it must be helping you assimilate the language. Don’t suppose you’re ready to tell me where you’re from, are you?”
“Yeah, so, I’m going to be gone for a long time, maybe forever. I dunno. Just...y’know...um, don’t do anything bad to the house or the garden, yeah? My folks don’t have much any more. I mean, like, even less than they used to.”
“But I’ve had it easy. Bisexuals can ‘pass;’ they don’t have to come out, and I never have; it’s just never been necessary. But my sister. Even in this day and age, you wouldn’t believe what my sister’s gone through. Or maybe you would.” John turned to look up at Sherlock.
After they had eaten all the food Johnny had packed, Johnny tried to read the comic book to his new friend, but the dark of the storm was turning into the true dark of night, and soon the only illumination they had was that of the lightning. The cave was pitch black, so Johnny sat on the ground facing the entrance so he wouldn’t have to think about what might be lurking in the cavernous depths. The storm, the absent sun, and the dank cave conspired to create a temperature that was altogether unhealthy when one was stuck in wet clothes.
“Okay.” Sherlock held his position for long moments and then released, quickly rubbing the surrounding tissue. He repeated this several times until finally, it didn’t hurt as much.
John decided the slow, seductive approach was out and plopped a spoonful of raspberry on one nipple. Sherlock yelped.
“Shh, shh…” he comforted, using his clean hand to rub John’s thigh. “You’re not quite open enough, darling. Let me open you. Relax and enjoy it, just think about how you’re tied to the bed—” He felt his second finger slip in a little. “—and how you’ve let my
“That’s fair. But what about you? Is it too much risk for you? If so, just let me know; I can wait until we’re tested.”
. It was one thing for Johnny to bring females to his tent (and he brought an awful lot of females to his tent), but to allow another outsider into his
“The very same. Now, quick, look up!” Sherlock stole quick looks as John’s head craned back, his mouth wide in astonishment as he watched the massive cable swoop up to the top of the tower.
“This is the vena cava, and if we open it up…” Molly sliced very precisely and delicately, “...you can see the sinoatrial node. That’s what regulates the heartbeat. The hypothalamus, in the brain, sends the signal to this nerve bundle, and that causes the rest of the heart to beat.” She glanced up to see Fawnlock looking lost. It was a new look on him, one that gave her a touch of confidence.
“As my brother’s significant other, you are now under the same protection as him. As I said, it is imperative that he not come back to London. I have taken the liberty of cancelling your return plane tickets. You may stay indefinitely at the St Regis until you decide where you want to go; your stay and all amenities are paid for. My brother’s stay and amenities are paid as well; it goes without saying that he is no longer ‘employed’ by the hotel.”
“Welcome, again, to San Francisco.” Sherlock reached around John’s waist and gave him a one-armed hug. It didn’t occur to him that he had never spontaneously hugged a client before.
When John had downed half the bottle, Sherlock took it from him and handed him the candy. “Eat this, all of it.”
“Good boy. The scratching is good, is it? The scratching is giving you lovely layers of sensation; the cuffs are keeping you grounded. The way you are moving, you actually think you are bound to the bed now. That’s fascinating; that’s really good, John. You are doing so beautifully. You are making me so hard. You are so incredibly sexy right now. Keep following my voice. Now we’re going to do some pinching.”
Halifa nearly purred, and her image flickered to replace that of Mika’s. Her tawny ears sported the tufts of a caracal and she, like Joaquin, had whiskers, but hers were a Cat Person’s whiskers. Her dark skin shone in the moonlight.
John coaxed him up the bed with a beckoning hand motion. He settled Sherlock on a mound of pillows, propped himself over Sherlock’s torso—braced on hands and knees, not touching Sherlock anywhere—and simply stared at him for a while. Sherlock had never had a problem making eye contact with other people; ordinary humans were always the ones to look away first. Only Mycroft (and one other person he didn’t care to think of just then) could force him to avert his eyes. But John’s direct gaze was making him uncomfortable.
John taking off his clothes was not a terribly alluring sight. As Sherlock had stated moments before, John was not modest. Years in the Army had taken care of that. He removed each item matter-of-factly, dropping it in a chair behind him—and yet, as Sherlock watched, he couldn’t repress a shiver as John’s perfectly ordinary skin was revealed, inch by inch. His neck and forearms appeared first, still tanned from desert sun, when the jumper came off. His chest was next, with its fascinating scar, and its brown nipples which peaked instantly in the slightly chilled air of the room. His legs followed, which Sherlock had spent so long touching during the massage. And then...as John turned to put his pants on the chair...Sherlock realized he hadn’t yet seen John’s arse, not really. He’d had a glimpse when he’d helped John into the tub after the protest attack, but he had been so frightened, so focused on helping John that he could not call up even a hazy mental image. And so he stared. John’s buttocks were perfectly proportioned, lightly fuzzed with blond hair. He wanted so much to touch, to squeeze. Each lovely cheek would fit neatly into one of his hands.
“Of course. I was wondering when we were going to deal with the fires.” Moriarty giggled, and Mycroft hid a wince.
John looked steadily into Molly’s eyes for longer than was socially comfortable and said, “Thank you.” She gave him a surprised smile.
But John’s face was open. There was no judgement there; no pity. John was looking at him with eyes that had seen more than Sherlock had realized. John was looking at him with something he had never seen before: acceptance.
“It’s cruel,” Sherlock whispered. “It’s cruel. I earned this. I worked so hard to become this. I earned it. Molly showed me the way, and I fucking earned it. He had nothing to do with it. Nothing.”
“I am your personal assistant during your stay. You are also welcome to avail yourself of the concierge service, but I hope to be able to meet
In his locum practice in London, John had saved a multi-millionaire from near-death after a car accident. From a recovery room at St Bartholomew’s Hospital, the patient had offered John a reward, which John had modestly declined; when the young entrepreneur pressed, John named a charity and asked that she make a donation instead. He’d thought that was the end of it, until he received a large envelope at the practice containing credentials for an elite medical conference, along with a plane ticket to San Francisco and a reservation at a high-end hotel. The card attached had said “Accept graciously! A grateful patient.” After a day of hemming and hawing, his boss Sarah finally browbeat him into doing just that—accepting graciously, as it was rare that any of them got the funds to attend even local conferences.
“John, let me explain a little about what happened. Sherlock is very, very smart, and he is convinced that he can learn anything from books. Which is sometimes true, and sometimes not. In the BDSM community, we generally do not encourage Doms to play—which is what we call doing a scene, or taking someone into subspace—without a lot of experience. They are supposed to sub first, so that they know what it feels like. Often they have a mentor who teaches them how to do things so that they don’t fuck up and hurt a sub. It’s not at all surprising that he tripped you over into subdrop. And that’s okay; he recognized it immediately and dealt with it well, it sounds like. He was prepared for aftercare, and it sounds like he respected your needs and your boundaries during the scene.
“Keep listening to my voice, John. Feel my hand on your chest. I’m going to give you something a little more sustained, help you feel some of this a little longer while I start to do some other things. It might feel a little extra sharp at first; don’t worry, I think it will settle into something lovely, and if it doesn’t, I’ll notice and we’ll take them off. These are nipple clamps, John. That may sound scary, but trust me, I’m watching you, and I think they will be sensational.”
It’s been a while since I’ve been to the Columbarium—it’s a truly heart-wrenching experience, especially due to the devastation wrought by the epidemic—and I have no idea where Harvey Milk is resting now. I mean absolutely no disrespect to anyone buried there. If you can stand the emotional upheaval, it is fascinating on an historical level and beautiful on an aesthetic one, both architecturally and in arrangements of mementos left by loved ones.
“Pahn. Pahn!” Suddenly the deer boy became excited, his eyes widening. He grabbed Johnny’s other wrist and held it painfully tight and babbled some  incomprehensible sounds. Then he waved to the entrance of the cave, unmindful of Johnny’s hand still in his grasp. When he finished, he looked at Johnny expectantly.
with, okay? Just fucking get your hand off me.” John was shaking. Sherlock didn’t dare let go. He hadn’t seen this look on John’s face before; he imagined this was what John must have looked like in the face of the enemy. He looked utterly calm, completely determined. Fierce. If Sherlock had any sense, he would have been frightened, but he had never had any sense in his life.
Fawnlock of course ignored this as often as he could slip away from his ancestral home. He was already multi-lingual. Most of his kind knew
Sherlock ran his fingertips delicately over the skin of John’s face and moved on to full-hand smoothing over his arms, his chest and belly, and then skipped down to his legs and feet.
“Johnny.” Fawnlock pointed vaguely in the general direction of Johnny’s house, about a kilometer away in the next village over. “Blond hair. Nice smell. Lots of mating.”
“Sherlock oh fuck oh fuck I need to come please god let me come I can’t take it any more this is the most incredible thing I’ve ever felt, get this thing off me I’m going to burst let me come now please please I beg you I love you I love you you’re amazing I need you fuck me now Sherlock get your cock inside me I need you fuck me I love you…”
Fawnlock jumped in his chair and got his legs tangled under the table as he tried to stand up. He was clearly panicking.
Shit. Had he hurt Sherlock? The last half hour was a blur. He remembered Sherlock feeding him. He remembered feeling foolish, then feeling aroused, then being angry beyond reason. Sherlock had just kept pushing, pushing, wanting to get in his fucking head, worse than any therapist. It was invasive; it was non-consensual. It had
We haven’t heard from you since you left two weeks ago! We know you’re very busy in training but drop us a line sometime and let us know that you’re okay.
“Not in a way that would prevent Mycroft from tracking us.” Sherlock grabbed the phone back and dropped it in a plastic cup sitting on the sidewalk full of some yellow liquid.
“Quite. And you must find me a lab where I can practice chemistry. I am certain I will be proficient at the work.”
, did you bring into this? You know the rules. Absolutely no one outside the Council is to know about any of this.
“These are leather lined with silk ‘fur’. Why it is acceptable to use leather and not fur is beyond me, but I did not have the energy to argue with the shop proprietor, and I find this ‘fur’ reasonably agreeable.” Sherlock looked John steadily in the eyes. “Are you ready? If so, hold out your arm.”
Sherlock was right. The wind was delivering a constant stinging payload of sand directly into his face. This was accompanied by droplets of cold fog. Several bonfires were lit on the beach; John inhaled deeply, the scent of burning firewood reminding him of the rare caravan campfire when he was a child.
Slowly, Sherlock stood and came to sit beside him. “You have some sort of mental block when it comes to yourself. You expect far more of yourself than is rational or healthy. For some reason, you think that you do not have the right to be sick. And until you understand why that is, and can fix it, then you need to let me be your doctor and look after you in the manner you would do for any of your patients.”
“Then you shall have me, John. The only disease I could possibly have contracted is HPV, and I was vaccinated a year ago and have been clean on all my tests; I am confident neither of us will infect the other with a single STD. Now come with me to the shower. I want us squeaky clean, because I am going to open you up with my tongue.”
John craned his neck to watch it go by. Sherlock could see that the top was swathed in fog, the lights just barely visible in the swiftly moving clouds.
John groaned prettily and complied. Sherlock found himself with a warm, lazily limp John laid upon him and realized this might not be the optimum position for shampooing, but he decided he would make it work. Slowly, he began to ease the liquid into John’s short blond-gray hair, letting his fingertips rub the skin of John’s scalp. He alternated with a very light scratching of his nails, making John moan, and then went back to rubbing. He did this for a very long time while the shower stayed pleasantly hot, spraying both of them from three directions, pounding out their tensions. Sherlock had to use his strength to keep both of them upright, but it wasn’t much of a burden, especially with the constant pleasure his nerves were singing of from the snuggling of John against him.
“Yes, when the sun is directly above us, noon. I think I need to get you a watch and teach you about time-keeping.”
“Wrong. Right now you are suffering from a medical condition that can make you helpless in public, and you are not even attempting to manage it. While you are with me, I need you to stay with me so that I can keep you safe.”
Sherlock grumbled as mightily as a toddler being forced to put on shoes before being allowed to go to the park.
any of the times the teen left the tent to “piss” against a tree. Fawnlock forced himself to open his eyes and continued to watch as both teens stroked each other’s members.
“Johnny, things are going to be a little tight around here. Mrs. Hudson, bless her heart, said she’d give me a ride to the ranger station ‘til we can get a used car or maybe a scooter or something. But we can’t replace the computer, you’ll have to use the one in school. And there’s something else.” His father took a deep breath.
“This was the first bridge to use moveable safety netting, though eleven workers were still killed in its construction. Men who fell and were saved by the nets called themselves members of the ‘Halfway to Hell’ club.”
multiple times a day. But even then it’s more common for me to be performing cunnilingus or to be getting pegged.”
injured Sherlock, but almost immediately his doctor ethics kicked in and he realized he should have checked on the young man, made sure that he was okay before he left the hotel.
“Do you have a library card? Of course you don’t. And you’re too shy for reading group. I tell you what.” The librarian stood up and, keeping his hands palms-up, walked slowly past Fawnlock to the library doors.
Mycroft peered into the pool as an image came into focus. A beautiful woman’s face appeared with big black eyes, tiny black ears, and sharp features—
None of the Denny’s I know of (and I know of many) have magic silverware any more. However, a different local chain I frequent
Sherlock put his hand over John’s right hand, and John let go to tangle his fingers with Sherlock’s.
John dared to reach his hand out; he touched the back of Sherlock’s, clenched in a fist on the seat, with gentle fingertips.
John stared at her with wide eyes. She looked back at him, startled, and they both burst out laughing at the same time.
“Panic attack,” he said in a small voice. “Or heart attack. I couldn’t tell. I couldn’t time my heartbeats, John. I tried, I really tried.” He looked up at John with red-rimmed eyes, desperate.
After a long while, Sherlock slowly moved his hands back to the top of John’s head and just held them there. They stayed there for long moments. John felt as though the crown of his head was buzzing. Very slowly, Sherlock removed his hands. John could feel the heat of them still being held near his head, centimetres away. And then it was over.
Felix is, of course, the fabulous Felix Dawkins, played by Jordan Gavaris, from “Orphan Black”. You can see a picture in the outfit I used
“Oh!” Fawnlock gasped. It was like a book, but spoken. He could make it start and stop, and make it go backwards, and presumably, forwards. He grinned broadly.
He began to tremble. In turning around to orient the compass, he had lost any idea of which direction he had come from.
And then there was some really shrill yelling:; from the other end of the hall, if he wasn’t mistaken.
When he felt his mind clear, he shifted his awareness to the top of his skull and felt it buzzing. It was time. He focused his gaze on the reflection of the moon in the Contact Pool, continuing to breathe in the same slow, deliberate way. Within moments the image of the moon gave way to the face of his long-time ally, Moriarty. He was one of the Hyena People, and Moosecroft did not trust him, but he was reliable and their cause was the same.
Of course, Companions are not legal in San Francisco. Also, The St Regis is not properly in the fog zone; literary license! The room service dishes were selected from the Ame menu available at the time this was written.
The moment Sherlock was out of the room, John pulled on trousers and a shirt, shoved his wallet, passport, and his room key into pockets, and left. He found himself on Market Street with no memory of how he got there.
John was thrashing, tangled in the sheets. The ambient night lights from the city gave Sherlock only glimpses of John’s face: focused, determined. He moved to the bed and tried to take hold of John’s arms; he had just enough time to feel that the sheets were sweat-soaked before John threw him off with such force that he ended up on the floor.
“I think I want to play a little game with you. If you play it with me, and you’re very good, I’ll let you come later. If you refuse, or you try to cheat, well, I’ll just jack off in front of you and make you watch for the rest of the night.”
“I have never in my life heard such melodrama. And my sister has a two-year-old. Give me your brother’s number.”
“I’m not going to work this leg as hard because of your pain.” John was grateful that he left off the “psychosomatic” descriptor. “Be sure to inform me right away if anything feels wrong.”
“You’re in a hotel in San Francisco, and you’re with me. You’re safe. Nothing is going to hurt you here. It’s all over now.”
Sherlock pulled back and took a large mouthful of beer, then carefully pressed his lips to John’s and let it trickle into John’s mouth. He ground up against John, pushing his jeans-clad erection against John’s vulnerable cloth-covered penis. John swallowed carefully.
“I don’t even really know what it’s supposed to feel like,” Sherlock reflected. “I prepare myself for clients. I have to be loose enough not to be damaged, but tight enough so they feel like they’re taking me for the first time. I learned that if I loosen myself with three fingers and then squeeze, I can usually simulate the experience they want without tearing. There was only one time I had to be taken off rotation for two days.”
. I started solving crimes again. Did I tell you I did that when I was younger? I would read the newspaper and solve the crimes described therein. I wrote to the police. Well, I started out by telling them, but they wouldn’t listen to a seven-year-old. So I switched to writing them. They thought I was some old coot, a hermit who had a weird hobby. But once in a while they couldn’t ignore me, when I had enough details, and I’d see a few weeks later in the paper that they’d solved their latest unsolvable case, and I’d know it was because of me. I became really adept at sneaking around, finding the clues I needed at crime scenes, at suspects’ homes and offices, putting together the pieces. And I’d write them up and send them in.”
to me. You don’t get to try to turn it into something ugly. I am honored that you let me help you, both times.”
“Honestly, John. I prefer the more obscure ‘Zep’ offerings, such as ‘In the Light.’ The EMS VCS3 synthesizer lends an exotic, almost spiritual quality to the song. It was so difficult to play that they never did a live version.”
at the same time and John felt all control rush out of his limbs and out his cock into Sherlock’s mouth, pulsing, pulsing. He realized he was shouting and scrabbling at the sheets with one hand, clutching Sherlock’s hair with the other.
“When you decide on your destination, there will be a private plane with full security ready to take you, whenever you are ready to go. I can have a home available for you within four hours’ notice, from a beach chalet to a ski lodge, a full ranch to a four-storey mansion, wherever you two decide upon. If you would like to continue medical work, let me know and I will arrange a job in whatever specialty you prefer. Of course, you do not need to continue to work for a wage.”
with the PTSD, and Clara meets me at the airport with my niece, whom I’ve never even met, and her arm is in a fucking cast. A fucking tiny pink cast on this little baby’s arm. I don’t goddamn fucking care if it was an ‘accident,’ if they were having a fucking argument and drunk Harry is swinging her arms around to make a fucking point and
