Steve took off in a panic, only managing a few steps before the rocking inside of him nearly dropped him to his knees. He continued on stubbornly, head down, following the indoor track mostly from memory. Every movement increased the throbbing pleasure in his core, quickly building towards release. Steve tried to hold it at bay, felt the burning sensation spread out, making his muscles weak and his limbs tremble.
“Alright. Point made. Why don’t you sit down and eat your breakfast. I have some work I need to get done, and some meetings this afternoon. You have full access to the penthouse and there’s a tablet for you on the coffee table. If you need anything, ask JARVIS.” Tony let him slide off his lap and onto one of the chairs. He stood, straightening his suit and brushing a brief kiss over Steve’s cheek. “I’ll see you tonight.” It wasn’t until after he’d left, that Steve realized Tony’s breakfast was still sitting on the table, uneaten.
And a mystery magician! Who only Bruce can contact. If you'd like to see this story spread out to include some of the other characters, or maybe a one shot in the same universe for Bruce, let me know!
No more than a single lap of the track had passed before he was crashing to the ground, body jerking helplessly, overwhelmed by his release. He felt Tony move up behind him, rest a gentle hand around the front of his throat as he struggled to regain his breath. In his other hand was a small remote with several buttons and a fingerprint shaped indent. Tony scanned his thumb print and began pressing the small buttons in a sequence.
Steve shifted against Tony's body. His nipples were still sore. He could feel his cock pulsing desperately against the metal cage, sending waves of agonized want through his body. His ass clenched around the plug, pressing it deeper inside of him, making him shudder. It was overwhelming, and intense, and so fucking good. "No Tony. I'm alright. It's..."
Steve nodded; he should have expected something like this. "I have no intention of harming Loki or trying to force him out of the tower. I just want to talk to him. I think he might need a friend right about now."
Steve let his gaze drop. All he knew how to do was fight. He didn’t know who he was without it. “I… Yes alpha…” The words came haltingly. They were a struggle for Steve to say. He didn’t want this. Had been raised to not want this. To be better than his biology. But he was sore, hungry, and tired. He needed a break. To regroup for later.
Tony’s eyes lit up with dark pleasure. “Really? Let me get this straight. You came here, looking for me, knowing exactly who and what I am?” Steve nodded. “And you will let me do anything I want to you, good or bad, with no way to stop me, and no way to escape. Is that correct?”
Despite the constant attentions, Steve’s small cocklet never hardened, staying soft and sensitive as Tony worked him through a steady stream of releases. The pleasure was intense, but ultimately unsatisfying. He needed his alpha’s cock, pounding away inside of him. His knot stretching Steve’s entrance wide and locking them together. Eventually Tony relented to the babbled pleas, jerking the toy from Steve’s body and seating himself in a single thrust. Steve screamed, his passage clenching down around him, the strong release he’d been craving rushing over him in a dizzying wave, the world turning black around him.
He heard the sound of an elevator followed by quiet voices, but chose to ignore them. He wasn’t ready to deal with more condescension yet. Footsteps moved over the carpet, drawing closer to where he sat. A sharp gasp. “Stevie?”
"Too much?" Steve nodded frantically and Tony laughed again. "I know. This? This is only the very beginning of what I like. Of what I want. Still want to promise me anything?"
“Oh, I’m sorry sweetheart. That’s right, you don’t want me touching you there. You want me touching you here, right?” His hand slid down over Steve’s side, before gripping his cock, starting a quick rhythm. Steve struggled not to scream as equal amounts of pleasure and agony washed over him. His body didn’t know whether to move into the touch or get away, his hips roughly jerking back and forth. And still Tony didn’t stop. He kept stroking, building him higher. Patient.
“It’s already done, Cap. You’re both on medical leave for the foreseeable future. We have no idea how long it’s gonna take to get you stable. If it means anything? I am sorry.” When Steve didn’t say anything, he left the room, door closing softly behind him. He waited, body heavy and aching with emotional agony for Tony to come for him.
Every night he went to bed with Steve wrapped in his arms and quickly feigned sleep as the man beside him tried his best to fuck a hole in the mattress. Apparently Tony wasn’t the only one suffering. Rolling onto his back, he quickly accessed the servers to review the medical scans for the day. Scar tissue was almost completely gone. Toxin buildup was eradicated. Blood flow was at the proper volume, and so were the hormonal secretions. His boy was going to be alright.
“I caught myself such a good little omega. I’m never letting you go.” He gripped Steve’s chest hard, kneading the flesh, feeling the weight of his breasts in his palms. The first touch of Tony’s mouth to one of his swollen nipples had him crying out, nearly releasing from the pressure. A painful pinch on the other side drew him back again, allowing his alpha to build him up higher.
"You are most welcome, my beautiful boy. Come in, clothes on the chair in the corner while I finish setting up. Face the wall when you're done. No peeking."
Tony chuckled. "Yes, Steve. You won. I knew you could do it. Tomorrow we have a break from presentations, and I am all yours all day. We can do anything and everything you want."
Steve mumbled a reply back, more of a sound than actual words, and snuggled back more securely into Tony's embrace before falling asleep again.
Another command was sent to the nanobots implanted in Steve’s cock, allowing it to slowly harden. He wanted to train Steve to enjoy the variety of torments Tony would be introducing him to. The first step would be to only allow him an erection when Tony was hurting him. Steve, in his innocence, would believe that to mean he was enjoying it. And then would grow to do so in truth. The idea of corrupting the American symbol of good and righteousness was delicious.
Too quick to track the movement, Bucky was across the room, arm tight around the slim man’s waist, pulling him back against his body to growl in his ear. “I’d watch it if I were you, darlin’. I don’t think you’re ready for another spanking just yet.”
The next morning began with soft kisses trailed over Steve's face. His eyes slowly blinked open and focused on Tony, propped on an elbow, leaning over him. The sight immediately brought a smile to his face. "Morning."
Steve let his mouth snap shut, following Tony into the elevator instead. He could almost feel the anger simmering in him. They were quiet the entire trip up to the penthouse. As soon as the doors closed, Tony spun around to face him.
"I know. That's part of why I love this." He wrapped loose fingers around him, stroked a few times, letting Steve grind up into his touch. "You've been so good for me. That's why I've got something special for you."
“Stay.” Tony’s eyes burned as he slipped from the bed to rummage around out of Steve’s line of sight. He reappeared moments later, straddling Steve’s lap again and reaching out to pinch and squeeze at his chest. “You have the most perfect tits, sweetheart. You know that?”
When Tony finally left his side to go digging through the drawer he kept filled with assorted restaurant menus, Steve watched him with a soft smile on his face. Even though the morning hadn't gone the way he'd wanted it to, somehow it had still turned out to be a good day. And the reason for that was Tony.
Surprisingly, it was Bruce who approached him first, concerned that he was being safe and taking precautions. Which meant that he had figured out exactly what Steve was doing, if not with who. A largely stuttered reassurance that he was fine and no one was forcing him to do anything he didn’t enjoy allowed him to escape, but not before seeing the amused smirk on the scientist’s face.
“No.” He pulled back, using shallow thrusts to rub the head of his cock over Bucky’s prostate. “Who am I to you, James?”
Tony turned his gaze to the wall, couldn’t look at Steve’s face if he wanted to get the words out. “I was raped, repeatedly, for a month solid. When the time was up, she let me go. Laughed in my face. Told me that I could either give her Stark Industries plans and prototypes, or she’d dump the video footage online. I refused, so she released everything. Nice editing skills. Made the entire world think I was a depraved needy slut. I was… Afraid. To be alone with her after that. So I broke it off with her publicly. Which became yet another story about me being the bad guy. Poor Sunset. I broke her heart. The only reason they stopped mocking me at every available opportunity, was because I got cancer. Can’t make fun of a guy with cancer. It’s in poor taste. But once that was no longer an issue… They went right back to the status quo. Which is what you saw. I’m sorry Steve.”
A choked sound tore from Steve’s throat, the tears taking him by surprise. He was hunched over in the chair, clinging to the phone like a lifeline as he sobbed when he heard a soft sigh on the other end.
“You’ve been neglected for a long time, sweetheart. It’s going to be hard for quite a while. But I’m here. I’m going to make it better, alright?”
Tony could almost imagine it. Steve’s body heavy with child, the cage unnecessary. Playing with his soft cocklet as he whimpered and whined beneath him, possibly rocking back against a thick toy buried inside his passage. He shook his head, clearing the fantasy. It would probably be a long time, if ever, before he could make that little dream come true. But it didn’t mean he couldn’t try. After all, he had four chances every year.
Stark tilted his head, studying him carefully. As though he could see straight into the core of him. “What are you sorry for, Barnes?”
Also, I couldn’t resist the idea of playing with some of my favorite mutants! Hope you enjoyed the cameo.
Tony kept him handcuffed, insisting that he needed to stay in bed and rest while he took care of breakfast. It wasn’t difficult to get Steve to agree. He felt fragile, a little breakable. Everything had changed so quickly, and all of that was overwhelming him as soon as he was left alone. Steve rolled over, burying his face in Tony’s pillow, inhaling the scent of his alpha, letting it calm him. By the time Tony came back with a breakfast tray, Steve no longer felt like he would burst into tears at any moment.
Steve cried out, banging his head against the arm of the couch, unable to stop himself from gripping the cage, pulling at it desperately, as though that would in any way lessen his torment. This had already happened a few times already, the cage contracting, forcing his cock into submission before adjusting to become more comfortable once more, having robbed him of a little more space. Shrinking his cock down to be more acceptable for the alpha who would one day toss him to the side like garbage. Bad luck that it was happening now.
The attachment on the cage came alive, buzzing against the metal sending strong vibrations through the cage. Steve cried out, hips rocking forward, cock straining. The movement shifted the plug, causing him to jerk back. He was helpless against the unrelenting onslaught of pleasure, body arching and writhing. It didn't stop.
“I do, sweetheart. You have no idea how much I want you. The things I want to do to you. I can’t fucking wait. I’m going to ruin you for anyone else. You’re mine.”
Bruce burst into the room, shoving Steve out of the way and gathering Loki into his lap, arms wrapped tightly around him. As soon as his face was buried against his shoulder, Loki broke into shattered sobs. "It's alright, darling. I'm here. I'm here..."
All joking aside, Tony needed a plan. Sooner or later, Rogers would show up at the tower. Try to take James away from them. Possibly Steve as well, unable to fathom that any version of himself would willingly spend time with Tony Stark. Keeping his voice pitched low to not wake the sleeping men, he spoke cautiously. “FRIDAY? See if you can get a call through to Steven Strange. Leave a message if necessary. I’m not sure how busy the Sorcerer Supreme business is. Explain the situation, and that I’m… Concerned. About what Rogers will do when he comes here.”
After Doom’s slow, painful, and extremely public death, few were willing to cross Tony. It made it so much easier for him to crush the last pockets of resistance and solidify his claim on the world. At this point, everything was running so smoothly it took little effort to keep it that way. Between the hold of Extremis 3.0 on the population and his Iron Sight program, no one could step out of line without him being instantly alerted. And if he didn’t feel like dealing with the problem personally… Well, that’s what his army was for.
Tony accessed the cage’s programming, sending a well lubed tendril of metal sliding into the slit of Steve’s cock, pressing deep before widening just shy of painful and hardening in place. Steve gasped, hips bucking up at the unfamiliar sensation before he began writhing on the bed. Tony left him there while he retrieved and cleaned the plug from earlier, removing the tubing and returning to Steve’s side. Not wanting to risk getting the lubricant on his own skin, Tony grabbed a lube shooter from the nightstand, using it to fill Steve with an abundance of it, taking care to cover his sensitive rim.
Steve shook his head. “No… You told me. I was bad. I lost privileges. I… I didn’t realize what they meant. But I don’t want to be alone all the time. And I want you to hold me and say sweet things to me. It makes everything better. I don’t want to be bad and lose that again…”
Deciding something had to give, he went down to the workshop to find Tony. When the doors opened, he was greeted with the sounds of 'Highway to Hell' at top volume. He paused just inside, taking a moment to enjoy watching his lover completely in his element. Loud music, bright lights, bots scurrying back and forth with tools, and several projects in progress scattered everywhere. Finally, he took a deep breath, stepped up behind Tony and let his head thump down between the brunette's shoulder blades, arms sliding around his waist.
Steve nodded, remembering how it felt at the time. Knowing that he would never see his best friend again. “Then what happened?” He asked, trying to distract himself from remembering that sense of loss.
Tony rose over him, pulling Steve’s hips up and back so he was presenting, before sliding into the tight heat of his body. He was so worked up already, that he couldn’t hold back, thrusting rough and carelessly into the spasming passage, his knot already beginning to swell. He worked it in and out of Steve’s tight entrance, each time a struggle to force it back in, until his knot had reached full size and they were locked together. Steve’s body milking around him. Tony came with a cry, grinding down against Steve’s perfect ass, feeling pulse after pulse worked from his body to fill his omega beneath him. Steve was whimpering softly, so sensitive that every twitch of Tony’s hips forced another release from his body, the pleasure overwhelming. Leaving him pliant and soft in Tony’s arms.
“Please, Tony. It hurts. I can’t… I can’t wait that long. Please.” Tears prickled the corners of his eyes. This wasn’t fair. He was claimed. He had an alpha. He was supposed to be able to enjoy it.
Steve nodded. He felt the blindfold slip from his eyes and had to blink for a moment to adjust his eyes to the dim light. When he looked down between his legs, he wasn't quite sure what he was looking at. A thick ring circled his balls, pressing them together, and away from his body, like a neat little package. Around his cock was a thick silver tube with thin slits, wrapped tightly around him and curved back to fasten to the ring with a small padlock.
"Absolutely. Well, other than its Hammer's presentation, but that should mean it'll be an early day. Which is why I wondered if you'd be willing to do something different for me. It would improve my day so much..."
Tony held him close, stroking his hair and kissing him again and again until he finally calmed, was left dazed and drifting. "You were so good for me. So sweet and perfect. Do you feel better now, sweetheart?"
Three weeks after the day in Romania, he brought Barnes to the tower. To Steve’s floor. The elevator doors opened and Steve turned towards the sound. He was so beautiful. “Tony? I-“ He stopped. Eyes widened. “Bucky?!”
Steve rushed to obey, climbing up onto the high mattress as he was told, knees slightly apart for balance, arms folded behind his back. It was seductive and so easy. All he had to do was what Tony told him to. He didn’t have to think, didn’t have to fight. Only obey.
"Hey. Look at me." Tony turned around so he could meet Steve's gaze. "I will always keep my word to you. Always. Got it?"
Tony’s eyes were dark and intense as they bore down into his. Merciless. “What’s the matter, sweetheart? I’m giving you what you want, aren’t I?”
Steve moaned when the plug was slid in place. This time Tony widened it just far enough to press firmly against Steve’s prostate before stopping. He stepped back, taking in the sight of the thoroughly wrecked man lying before him, waiting for Tony’s next move. “Alright sweetheart, I’m going to give this a moment to work and then we’ll start. I’m going to give you another choice. If you can control yourself and not come during this punishment, after we’re done, I’ll take care of you and we’ll go to sleep. If you can’t control yourself, we will immediately move into your next punishment. If you choose to come, it won’t be pleasant with the sound in place, and I won’t be removing it until morning. Alright?” Tony waited for him to nod. “Good.”
A soft hissing from the vents drew his attention. A faintly colored mist was slowly filling the room, a sweet scent filling Steve’s lungs. He dropped as low to the ground as possible, trying to buy himself time. Time for what, he wasn’t certain. He’d been in the facility for weeks, unable to free himself. Now the holding cell was filling with some form of drugged gas. He didn’t know what would happen to him, panic making his heart pound and his chest heave, struggling for breath. It was the wrong reaction.
Steve had been put on black market suppressants from a young age, which probably influenced the developmental issues Tony had noted earlier. He’d been a part of a small group that had slowly been taken into custody one by one for rehabilitation. Steve was the last hold out. It was going to be a lot of work to correct the imbalances in his physiology and the mental strain he’d been operating under for so long. But once he was broken in… He’d be glorious.
“Yes Tony.” Steve struggled to spread his knees as wide as he could. Until he could feel the strain in the muscles of his inner thighs.
"Yes. Please..." The room was spinning. The only stable thing was Tony. He slid his arms around his shoulders and held on tight.
"You can. And you will. Because I said so." His lips quirked. "But if you'd like to try to convince me to let you out..."
Tony leaned down, pressed a soft kiss to the top of Steve’s head. “You don’t know how to fix it, do you? Which is why I’m here. You weren’t taking care of my omega today. Which is why once you’ve healed, and had something to eat, I’m going to punish you. And I’m going to do it after each and every mission where you are reckless and careless with my sweet boy. Understand?”
Once he was able to catch his breath, Tony gathered him close, holding Steve tightly until his knot went down. As soon as he began to slide free, Steve was whining in distress, trying to hold onto him, keep him close. “It’s okay, sweetheart. You stay right there for just a second. I’m gonna get your plug, alright?”
Steve set down the mug, instead walking over to the older man and pressing into his side, face tucked against his shoulder. Tony immediately wrapped an arm around his waist holding him close. "Do you want to try going back to bed?"
He took a long bath in the amazing tub Tony had installed on his floor. To be honest, Steve used it whenever the opportunity presented itself. After years of living during a war and on the front, it was a luxury he still took great pleasure in.
A sharp crack splits the air, and the flesh of his ass burns from the smack. “No. Try again. Who am I?”
Steve writhed between the two machines, everything else falling away. Dimly he could hear the sound of bells and his increasingly loud cries. It was too much, he couldn't last. But he wanted to be good for Tony. Be his good boy. Receive soft praise, pleasure, and see the glowing approval in the other man's eyes.
“I… I won’t let you down. I promise. You won’t see me, or hear me, or know that I’m here. Just like you wanted. I can do that. I promise.”
“You know what to do to end this.” At the frantic shake of Steve’s head, Tony sighed. “Alright then. Up you go. I need you again.”
Steve blinked his eyes open to stare up at Tony. He took comfort in that floating sensation that came when Tony ordered him and he obeyed. "Yes Tony."
In any case, I hope everyone enjoys this chapter and is looking forward to the next. Comments, suggestions, and constructive criticism are always welcome.
Steve moaned against his mouth, writhing against him. He could feel Tony pressing down harder against his lap. Could feel the hard shape of him through the suit pressing into him. He shuddered and moaned again, wanting more, wanting everything.
"Tony..." Spent as he was, Steve felt a rush of heat through his body. He felt... Helpless. Completely owned. He pressed forward against Tony's body, mouth desperate against him.
A shiver passed down Steve's spine. Tony's tone had become deeper, teasing. It made his stomach clench in a surprisingly pleasant way. "What do bad boys get?"
Steve turned his head to glare at the older man, eyes flashing with determination. "I... Can do this... All day..."
Finally the fingers slid away and he could feel Tony lining up behind him, cock pressed lightly against his entrance. Steve groaned, trying to push backwards against him, impale himself on the thick length.
Tony carded his fingers through Steve’s hair, leaned down for a long, lazy kiss that made him feel dizzy. “You’re perfect, Steve. Sweet boy. Do you want your collar now?”
"You should see yourself, Steve. You are so much fun to play with." He leaned back in his chair. "Did you like your present?"
And we’re finally back to the kinky porn that I know so well. New chapter, with a few of the answers you’ve been waiting for. Probably more to come later. But first, enjoy!
“And how does an alpha claim their omega?” His voice had dropped lower, almost to a growl, and Steve shivered at the sound, felt himself start getting wet.
"Are you going to fight me, Steve? Tell me not to, when we both know that this is exactly what you want. Are you going to be a good boy for me, sweetheart."
"Yes, Sir." When the door opened, Steve obediently walked to the chair, neatly folding his clothes, and clasping his hands together when he finished. He heard a variety of strange noises from the room behind him, but resisted the urge to look. Tony would take care of him, give him exactly what he needed. And he would be good for him.
“That’s right. Finally figure it out, baby doll? The worst thing I could possibly do to you is… Nothing. Now, I’m going to give that some time to work in. I’m sure I can come up with something to play with until then.”
A slight flush colored the older man's cheeks. Steve could feel his heart start pounding in his chest. "Tony!"
Steve struggled harder against the restraints, straining against the metal in the hopes of breaking it. Not only did it hold firm, but the cage contracted tightly around him once more, making him scream from a combination of pain and frustration. Tony’s eyes were glowing a blinding electric blue as he controlled his tech with nothing but his thoughts, and by extension, Steve as well. When he stopped fighting, the extra tension on the cage relented, and he let out a sigh of relief.
“It’ll be worth it in the long run, my sweet omega. You just have to be patient for me. You can do that, right?”
He flailed franticly, searching for anything to help him. His hands flew to his caged cock, pressed behind it, where he could feel the vibrations pulsing through his body. But the instrument of his torture was buried inside of him. Unreachable. There was nothing he could do to escape. He couldn’t crawl away or remove it. No way to direct the stimulation in any way. He could feel his passage pulsing and squeezing in response, a dull empty ache building inside of him.
"Good boy. What about this?" The touch of metal on his skin was replaced with something light fluttering over his body, a tease of sensation that was almost ticklish. A feather? This time it lingered, teasing his nipples with the barest touch until they hardened beneath it before moving down to flick over the cage. He could only feel the lightest of breeze through the metal, and then it was gone, leaving him panting.
“It’ll be alright, sweetheart. Just going to take care of you. I’ll be here the entire time.” He pressed a button on a remote he was holding, and the machine beneath Steve raised itself until the soft silicone nubs were pressed directly against the swollen area behind his balls. He tried to squirm away, protect himself, but the restraints held securely. Once it was positioned where he wanted it, Tony added another set of restraints securing his thighs to the body of the machine and another around his waist holding him against the cool metal of the post. Steve could do nothing but writhe helplessly in his bonds. “Tony…”
Steve's hands shook as he slowly peeled off his shirt and folded it neatly. Tony's eyes were dark and didn't leave him for a second. He slid off his shoes and placed them under the chair before adding his socks to the top of the pile. His pants came next, and even as he tried to fight it, he could feel the blush burning his skin. Hesitantly, he shed his briefs and placed them on the neat stack, slowly turning to face Tony. Steve's hands twisted together in front of him, as though they could hide his mostly hard cock.
“Hey!” Tony gestured with his fork in mock outrage. “I’ll have you know I can be very nice to sweet little omegas who deserve it.”
Tony laughed. Possibly so he didn’t cry. No one had ever just… Believed him before. No questions. Just an easy acceptance and an immediate jump to his defense. Tony grabbed him, couldn’t help himself. Kissed him until they were both breathless and gasping. When he finally broke away, he pressed their foreheads together. “Alright sweetheart. Whatever you want. I already promised that. Besides, I think you’d look damn good in a tux…”
Sorry about the angsty cliffhanger. Yesterday was not a great day. On the plus side, you got two chapters?
"Good boy." Without any further hesitation, he began raining steady, firm spanks over his ass and thighs.
Steve could hear the slick sound of lube and then Tony's fingers were gliding inside of him, pressing into his swollen prostate. The weights dangling from the clamps swung freely, pulling on his nipples, making him squeeze around the fingers inside of him.
His chest heaved with emotion. “No. Just… Motion, a bit. But when it locks down too tight, it doesn’t really move and…”
“Poor boy. Are you ready to come, sweetheart?” James nodded desperately, causing him to smile. “Do you need a little more to get you there?” Another nod. “Alright, baby. I’ll take care of you.” Tony wrapped his fingers in the chain of the clamps, pulling in steady little tugs that made Steve whimper and moan, before retrieving the remote from his pocket and slowly increasing the vibrations until James cried out in relief, back arching into a sharp curve as his orgasm broke over him, leaving him panting, leaning heavily against the arm of the chair, before Tony shut it off.
Steve was beautiful in his anguish, screaming as Tony forced him over the edge again and again, constant pressure on his prostate ensuring that he was completely emptied by the time they were done. He collapsed back on the table, gasping for breath, eyes shut, as he tried to recover from the onslaught of pleasure. Bruce quietly entered the room, probably notified by JARVIS that they’d finished. Steve didn’t have a chance to react as the needle slid into the side of his neck, the sedative taking him before he even had a chance to struggle.
Tony laughed, nuzzling into the side of his neck and placing a soft kiss on the bond scar, making Steve shiver. “You’re dangerous, baby. Remind me never to cross you. You know you destroyed Sunset’s reputation to right?”
The edges of his vision went fuzzy. It felt like he couldn’t draw breath. He was pushed higher and higher, straining for something he couldn’t name. Tendrils of fire seemed to radiate out though his body. He could feel it spreading like a wave.
A rush of anger prickled over his skin as he rounded on Bucky. “Tony is worth everything! Don’t you ever say that again!”
“Oh, sweetheart. You have no idea the things I could do to you.” Tony pulled him against his chest, gripping his hips. Steve could feel his cock, hard and twitching, pressed against him as he spoke, voice low with a hint of growl against his ear. “I could plug you up with ginger, spank you and watch you cry from the burn. I could put you in full chastity. Nothing touching your skin except for smooth metal. Locked up tight except for when I decide to play with you. Or I could stretch you open, work the biggest plug I own into you, make you run laps for me until you’re legs won’t work, you’ve released so many times. I could numb you up and fuck you all night long, and you’d feel nothing at all, but you’d want it. Need it. Because that’s the secret. Whatever your alpha wants? You want too.”
Steve was so lost in the fantasy, he didn’t realize how close he was until the first orgasm slammed into him. With a scream of the other man’s name, he came, painting his chest white, body trembling from overstimulation as the vibrator relentlessly powered on. He rode the pleasure-pain until the timer beeped and released his wrists. Slowly he reached for the remote and turned it off, collapsing down on top of the mattress, vibrator still buried inside of him. It wouldn’t be the first time he had fallen asleep like that. He’d clean up in the morning.
"Such a pretty boy I've gotten myself. I'm gonna have to work hard to keep you, aren't I? Spoil you rotten, get you so used to the good life that you won't ever leave me. I should dress you up in silks and lace. Only the finest fabrics rubbing up against this soft skin of yours."
Tony urged him back to his feet, supporting him in strong arms until he could stand unassisted, then gently pushing him towards the track. Tears slid down his face and his body ached. Even after several releases his body burned for more. Hours, Tony had said the cream could work for hours. Steve shook his head stubbornly. He might know what his alpha was planning, but he didn’t intend to make it easy for him.
“Yeah. Thanks J. And order enough dim sum for both of us in… Oh, say an hour? That should work as finger food.”
Steve curled tighter into himself as the brunette continued to stare down at him blankly. Obviously he’d done something wrong. All he ever did was upset everyone. Upset Stark.
“I’m sorry. Lovely as you are, that just doesn’t seem like much of a challenge for you. Hang on a sec.” Tony disappeared again, returning quickly. Steve’s arms were folded behind his back, forearms bound tightly together, forcing his chest slightly forward. Tony began to pinch and tug at his nipples, quickly working them into hard peaks. A pair of clamps were fastened into place and tightened down, digging in to just the right spot on Steve’s nipples to make him release again with a cry. Satisfied with the adjustments he’d made, Tony returned to his seat, watching expectantly.
Slowly Steve stretched out his stiff limbs, rolling his back, putting on a small show for the other man. "Good. What about you?"
Tony rolled to his side, stretching casually before propping himself up on an elbow to gaze down at Steve with a wicked smile. “I’m sorry, sweetheart, but you were naughty earlier. Your punishment for that was having your implant set to ruin for the day. If you’re a good boy, maybe I’ll let you have a real orgasm tomorrow.”
When he got back to the living room another red cushion was waiting on the floor by Tony's feet. Steve sank to his knees and looked up at the older man hopefully. Tony carded his fingers through his hair, studying him. "You have been so fucking sweet for me, haven't you?"
"Come on team, back to the tower." Now that the adrenaline of the fight was fading, Steve was exhausted. All he wanted was to go home, scrub himself raw, and curl up in the penthouse with Tony. Feel him warm and alive under his hands.
When he thought about dropping to his knees in submission, begging for mercy, or being fucked twelve ways from Sunday, it wasn’t Bucky he pictured anymore. It was Tony. His cruel and beautiful futurist.
"It will be my pleasure." Tony eased him onto his side, sliding the key from around his neck, unlocking the cage and gently sliding it off. Eliciting a sigh of relief that turned into a startled gasp as he casually flipped him over onto his lap. He gently stroked over Steve's skin. "You remember what to say if it's too much?"
Eventually the kiss gentled, soft sweeps of lips against his own, tongue brushing over the sore spot where his alpha had bit him, making him feel fragile. Tony guided them to the couch, tucked him tightly against his side, allowed Steve to bury his face in his neck once more, overwhelmed, this time by emotion. “Please don’t leave me.”
Bucky shook his head. This was all wrong. He’d messed up already. The last thing he wanted to do was take something good away from Stevie. “No. ‘M fine. I promise. ‘M just gonna…” He didn’t manage to finish the sentence, fleeing into the bathroom and putting a closed door between them. Bucky splashed water on his face, washing away the traces of tears. He had been stupid to let himself be so vulnerable. He needed to be stronger than that. Put some distance between him and Tony- no, Stark. And Steve. This wasn’t his Stevie, and the tower wasn’t his place. He understood that now. It was time to leave.
Being with Tony felt right, in a way nothing had for a very long time.The cruelty they both enjoyed in their dynamic was tempered with gentleness and care outside of their play. Steve brought food and coffee down to Tony in the lab when he was busy with work, and often curled up on the sofa in the corner to read, sketch, or often just watch Tony when he was in his element. Sometimes he would doze off and wake to the older man gently carrying him upstairs to tuck him into bed. Other times were less sweet but equally enjoyable.
“Both of us, sweetheart. I’m not going anywhere. As a matter of fact, I cleared my schedule for the rest of the week. I talked to Pepper, and she agreed that I’d gone back to work too soon. You need my time right now, and that’s more important than some meetings or designs.”
"Good. Put the flowers in water, let's go. You don't want to be late for dinner, do you? Good boys get dessert."
He could hear the quick pounding of his heart in his ears, felt almost faint from it. A firm hand on his shoulder caused him to spin around, clutching the box to his chest tightly. Tony was watching him with concern. “Everything alright, Cap?”
Steve wasn't sure what he was supposed to be preparing for. The plug flicked on to the highest setting, sensitivity making it nearly unbearable. And then he felt Tony slap his caged cock. Not hard, but it was enough. He screamed as each strike landed, agony lancing through his cock and tears pouring down his cheeks.
Then there was nothing but cool air against his skin. He dug his fingers into the blanket, arched his back as if that would entice him not to stop. Not to leave him like this. A sob ripped out of his throat and tears began to slide down his cheeks. Again. He did this to him again. Brought him down to this place where he was nothing but desperation and need.
He groaned, burying his teeth in the side of Steve’s neck and biting down hard enough that he tasted a faint trace of blood. Tony made sure to support him, grip staying tight. His omega always got so overwhelmed from being knotted. He could release so many times that he blacked out from it when Steve had a day when he wanted to struggle. But other times Steve just went lax. Soft and sweet as he clung onto Tony.
But there was something else in the box. A small cell phone. The old fashioned flip kind. As he stared at it, the front lit up with a text alert. Curiosity finally won, and Steve opened it to see what the message was.
Steve’s eyes were wide, still dilated from his heat. He looked adorably sweet. “H-how long are you gonna keep me like this, alpha…?”
"You're welcome, sweetheart. You do please me. But watching you suffer pleases me more. On your knees, legs spread wide, arms above your head. Now."
"Oh, you'll thank me well enough later tonight. Be waiting in the penthouse at nine o'clock. After all, you did say anything..."
Still in the plot development part of this story, but I promise there will be plenty of smut to come. I hope you enjoy! See end notes for any questions about the tags used.
Steve whimpered softly, writhing in the restraints, desperate to soothe the itch still burning through his caged cock and filled ass. “A few more touches, baby, and then we’re done.” A blindfold was bound in place over Steve’s eyes, plunging him into darkness, intensifying the sensations. Tony began pinching and rubbing his nipples, working them into tight points before a pair of sharp toothed clamps were snapped into place. Steve was beyond protesting, only able to whimper softly.
Tony didn’t come down to check on him. Nor did he show up in any of the common spaces of the tower. When Steve tried going downstairs to the lab, the door was locked and the windows were blacked out. Tony was avoiding him, pushing him away. Didn’t want him anymore. Maybe never really had.
"Of course, sweetheart." Tony fiddled with the bracelet for a moment before he set the tool aside. Steve ran his fingertips over the unbroken length of the chain. It was perfect.
"Starting to understand, aren't you? I don't have to hurt you, not really. All I have to do is keep you just like this. For hours. I'm a patient man, Steve. Are you?"
Steve whined, struggling to his feet then yelping as the dildo began to vibrate inside of him. He barely made it a step before the intensity began to creep up and he fell heavily to the track, unable to get up. The dildo was pressed firmly against his gland, the sensations causing him to writhe helplessly on the ground. Tony stood above him, watching impassively, as he released over and over again at his feet.
Steve slipped on a pair of sweatpants and made a beeline for the elevator, not wanting to wait any longer than he had to for the next part of their game. The doors swung open revealing Tony leaning against the corner of the elevator, heavy black sunglasses hiding his eyes again, as they had been more and more often lately. “Hey Tony.” He offered the other man a small smile, receiving a bright happy grin in response.
Despair crashed over him, making him struggle against Tony’s grip. A soft growl rumbled in his throat. It wasn’t fair. Every time anything felt good, Tony denied him. Steve didn’t know how much he could take. Ignoring Tony, he slid his own hand between his legs, bypassing the cage to rub against the spot that had felt so magical only moments before. However his own touch was both disappointing and short lived.
Steve was quiet on the ride back to the tower. He stared out the window, not really seeing anything in front of him. A part of him felt like he was floating, but that was just hormones from the bonding bite. The rest of him felt numb with unhappiness. Tony was his alpha, the man he had wanted almost from the beginning. He should have been ecstatic, but it wasn’t real. Nothing was.
For anyone who hasn't seen it, Sense8 is an amazing show that I highly recommend watching if you're a fan of urban fantasy.
They spent a long time curled up in bed together, trading soft caresses and gentle kisses before Tony finally pulled himself away and disappeared into the bathroom. Steve heard the sound of running water from the open doorway. He contemplated following the other man in, but was still too liquid to want to move. He was so hazy he hadn’t even noticed that Tony had reappeared beside the bed until he swung Steve up into his arms and carried him to the bathtub as though he weighed nothing.
“Not yet.” A sharp smack landed over the base of the plug, stealing his breath. “I have some questions to ask you, and I think I’ll get better answers if you’re too distracted to be shy. Isn’t that right, honey?”
Steve quickly moved to obey, neatly laying the outfit over a chair and displaying himself for Tony in the center of the bed. He whined softly when his slim plug was removed, only to moan when it was replaced with a thick dildo. The toy split him open wide, putting constant pressure on all the right places. Tony flipped him onto his back, prowling up the bed to loom over him.
“I know.” Tony gently tilted Steve’s head up so he could press their lips together. The kiss was soft, gentle. He clung to his shoulders, losing himself in the kiss. Felt Tony press him onto his back, the weight of his body sinking him into the mattress. “Do you trust me, baby?” The words were a soft murmur against his mouth.
He lost himself in his explorations, tongue swirling around, stroking over the sensitive spot beneath the head that made Tony moan. Making him slick so he could slide down further, until he was pressed down Steve's throat, cutting off his breath. He held him there as long as he could, swallowing around the length until the need for air forced him to pull back. Reveling in each moan of pleasure that he caused.
Steve didn’t get pregnant after his first heat, which was devastating for him. He insisted that Tony get Bruce to check him over afterwards, to make sure that it was possible. Steve was relieved when everything showed up normal on the tests. A part of him had been terrified that his mother’s insistence that he take suppressants had destroyed his chances of having a baby of his own.
Steve accepted the coffee, taking a sip and humming in pleasure. He usually thought adding anything to it was an extravagance he shouldn’t waste time on, but Tony doing it for him made it feel special. Like it was another way for the other man to take care of him. “Thank you, Tony.”
"Alright." He let Tony guide him beneath the blankets, still feeling shaky and uncoordinated. As soon as he felt him slide in beside him Steve turned and pressed himself against his side.
Steve slowly relaxed, nibbling on more bread. “No. It doesn’t.” He was quiet for several minutes. “Do you eat like this every night?”
Sorry this one is so short, it’s mostly setup for what’s coming next. Hope you enjoy a little bit of smutty fluff with our favorite boys!
Steve let out a lazy hum, burying his face in Tony’s shoulder. “Yeah. Everything’s fine. Better than, actually. Congratulations, alpha. You’re going to be a dad.”
Tony finally surfaced from the back of a cabinet, crowing triumphantly. He walked over to Steve, displaying a smooth metal collar. “Designed it myself. It’s constructed out of nanobots. The entire structure is the locking mechanism. It’s controlled by remote and keyed to the dominant’s fingerprint. Which means once it’s on, there’s no way for you to take it off, and I can adjust it no matter where we are. What do you think?”
Eventually Tony sighed and stood, stretching his back until it popped before turning back to Steve. He was still kneeling on the cushion, gaze attentively following Tony’s movements. He made sure to keep his voice soft, not wanting to startle Steve like he had earlier, and held a hand down to him. “Come on. Let’s get you settled for the night. We could both use some sleep, right?”
By the last day of Steve’s heat, Tony received at least a part of what he was wanting. Steve’s belly was rounded and slightly swollen, his dainty cocklet hidden between his thighs. Tony was extremely pleased by the current size he’d managed to reduce Steve to over the course of his heat, the added benefit of course being how crazy it had driven the omega each and every time. He hoped in the future that Steve would grow used to the cage, stop fighting against it. Maybe he’d even be able to put him in a less restrictive and more decorative one in the future.
“Okay. You need to be lower than me? Is that what’s happening? Okay. You stay right there.” A gentle hand rested on his shoulder as Tony stood, settled on the couch so Steve was resting at his feet. “Better?”
“And that is my cue to leave. I’m gonna… Go find Tony. Yeah. You two have fun.” Steve turned on his heel and ran for the elevator, the sound of laughter following him. Bucky had found someone in this new world they had been dropped into. Steve was glad. And he was ashamed to admit, a little bit relieved.
"Are you okay?" Tony's voice held tenderness and concern. A single word and all of this would stop. He relaxed under the gentle touch.
The head of Tony’s cock pressed against Steve’s twitching entrance, slowly forcing it’s way inside. It didn’t hurt, but Steve was already so sensitive that it was its own form of agony. Tony continued to steadily press forward, splitting him open around the wide girth of his cock. Steve breathed a sigh of relief when Tony finally bottomed out inside of him. Tony paused for a moment to groan as Steve clenched around him, unused to the sensation of having something buried inside of him.
Steve’s eyes were clearing, his gaze on Tony’s face. He twitched against the restraints, trying to pull away from Tony’s touch. “No… I don’t…”
Steve wailed, rocking helplessly, unable to move farther than that. “I told you, baby, we’ve gotta get you used to coming the way you’re supposed to. It’s better for you, and it’ll keep all of your glands nice and healthy.” Steve shook his head frantically, tears sliding down his face. “I know, sweetheart. You don’t want it. Which is why we’re starting the next phase of your training too.” Tony lifted the thick blindfold, fastening it over Steve’s eyes, making sure that he wouldn’t be able to shake it free. Next came the noise cancelling headphones, blocking out everything but the sounds of the subliminal training tracks designed for dysfunctional omegas.
Steve obediently turned around at Tony's gesture, allowing him to admire his work. "Perfect." He left him standing there as he dressed. Tight leather pants with cutouts down each side, heavy boots with a sole thick enough to put them on eye level, and a black leather vest that covered the arc reactor. Once he was ready, he picked up a leash that was clipped to the front of the collar and began walking to the elevator.
The doors slid open and Steve stepped out. The layout was similar to the penthouse, but the similarities ended there. Bruce's living room was well lived in, filled with dark colors and heavy fabrics. Items picked up on his travels were displayed on the walls and shelves. Soft footsteps from the hallway drew his attention, and he turned in time to see Loki enter the room. His arms were crossed over his chest defensively, and his eyes were wary.
He then spun Steve around pushing him out of the shower, drying him off briskly with the towel, turning him back and forth until he was dazed and unsteady on his feet, before grabbing him and dragging him into the bedroom and pushing him down so he was bent over the edge of the bed. It was still unsettling how strong the other man had become after extremis. Being manhandled wasn't something Steve was used to anymore, which made it secretly thrilling. He liked Tony being as strong as he was, which was not helping him in the current situation.
"Well, I don't have to listen to idiots talk, which helps, and I get to spend all day rewarding my good boy. So yeah, definitely cheerful."
"No! No, please Sir!" Steve jerked against the restraints, trying desperately to free himself, not managing to move even an inch.
Steve screamed, jerking like he’d been electrocuted, spasming around Tony’s cock. Another flood of wetness poured from his hole, along with a small trickle across Tony’s hand from his still soft member. The contractions went on as Steve gasped for breath, the sensation so intense it finally pushed Tony over the edge. He groaned, Steve’s rim squeezing tighter around him, working every pulse of come from him, and finally staying tight around him, keeping Tony buried inside of his body. Occasional flutters and spasms continued around him, making Steve whimper from the sensitivity.
The blush intensified. “It… It was a lot. But it was good, too. Alpha’s don’t usually spend that much time on anything other than what they need…”
Steve trembled under his touch, feeling that pleasant hazy sensation again. "And... And some people don't like that?"
"Not yet. Jarvis, try the Sanctum again. I swear to fuck, if he doesn't get his ass here, the next time he needs help my answer is gonna be a punch in the face!"
The hard knots from lack of stimulation were slowly rubbed out, until Steve was constantly dripping onto Tony’s hand and the sheets below. It felt so good it was almost painful, as the cramping sensation melted away, leaving him panting and begging for more.
He straddled Steve’s hips, pulling a slim collar out of the box. “We’re going to start with this one. It’ll make you feel more secure for what’s coming next.” The cool metal slid around Steve’s throat, tight enough to notice but not to choke. Tony finished fastening it, leaning back to survey his work. “This one’s just temporary. I’ll make you a permanent one when I have a chance. One that locks.”
"Side effect of extremis, sweetheart. I can communicate with electronics. And as soon as I figured out that little feature... I built you some new toys to play with."
“Well, he seems nice enough, but I wanted to get the hell out of there before things got frisky. Listening to my ex have sex with his new boyfriend is just a level of weird I am not prepared for right now.”
Thor shook his head vehemently, cautiously approaching his brother and wrapping his arms around him. The hug was unusually gentle, given Thor's natural exuberance. He rested his forehead against Loki's, quiet for several long moments. "I have missed you, my brother, and I am glad to see you here. None on Asgard will learn your whereabouts from me. I swear it."
Steve closed his eyes, leaned into Tony’s touch. There was too much going on. Overwhelming him. It made him feel small and fragile. He needed everything to slow down or stop, but that wasn’t going to happen. Tony was going to plow straight ahead, smashing through every barrier Steve had, until he’d broken down every one. But what happened after that? Would he abandon Steve? He was talking about reproduction, seemed to think it was important. Maybe Tony wanted an heir for his company and fortune. And if Steve gave that to him, wouldn’t the alpha at least have to keep him? He thought there was some law, requiring an alpha to provide for an omega who they had produced children with, but he wasn’t sure. He squeezed his eyes tighter closed as a picture formed behind them. Steve with a tiny baby in his arms, Tony standing behind them, arms wrapped protectively around them both.
His thrusts gained speed and strength, pounding into Bucky’s body. When Bucky came, he screamed the only word that mattered before collapsing down onto the bed, feeling Tony’s come flood into him as the man rode him down to the mattress, teeth sinking into the side of his neck. Claiming him. Owning him. Bucky felt like he was floating, eyes too heavy to open. He could hear Tony moving around him, the sound of the vibrations stopping and Steve’s gentle sigh of relief.
Steve went to the New York Sanctum to talk to Strange. It took some time to explain what he was looking for. Even more to convince Strange it was what he really wanted. A one way trip. No exit strategy. He eventually had to agree to let the sorcerer sift through the broken pieces of his mind. That was enough to do the trick. After some time spent sifting through the mulitverse, he found exactly what Steve needed.
Steve’s arms wrapped tightly around Tony’s neck as he was carried into the other room. Tony didn’t even try to pull away, sitting down and keeping Steve in his lap. He murmured soft words of praise. Keeping him pressed against his body. Encouraging Steve to eat with bites of food offered from his fingers. Once they’d finished, Tony carried him to the sofa, settling with Steve still in his lap. The omega didn’t try to pull away, instead burying his face in the side of Tony’s neck. “Please don’t go…” The request was soft, a slight quaver in the other man’s voice that broke Tony’s heart all over again.
“Good. Now, I have decided to be lenient. You will not be punished for touching you little cocklet before I had a chance to lock it up. I understand that omega’s have difficulty resisting pleasure, and since I hadn’t made it completely clear that you were not supposed to touch, you will not be blamed for your actions. However, you will be disciplined for trying to remove your cage and plug, and for trying to rub one out without my permission. I think you’ve already figured out the punishment for trying to break your cage…”
Tony shook his head. “Nope. I wanted to see you. In person, not through the tower’s cameras. You’re just so cute when you’re flustered. You blush all pretty for me.”
The pleasure tightened his stomach, made his body clench harder around Tony’s cock. He continued to thrust through the resistance of Steve’s body, sending sparks of pleasure shooting up his spine. Steve felt the edge creeping up on him, certain he would crash over any moment. But nothing happened. He stroked himself faster, rocking down into Tony’s thrusts, felt his cock throbbing inside of him, the knot popping to stretch his rim wide, locking them together. He could feel pulses of come filling him as Tony groaned through his own release.
He tilted his head, observing him more closely. The man turned toward the front of the stage to say something to his partner, prompting a throaty laugh from his submissive. Steve's eyes widened, and he tapped at Tony's side to get his attention. "Tony! Is that... Bruce?"
"Day after tomorrow. We'll be gone for two weeks. Loki and Thor have offered to step up their involvement with the team, so we should be covered. You'll have most mornings and afternoons to yourself, and other than a dinner or two, we can see the city together at night. Since I don't imagine you got to see much of London last time you were there."
Hello lovely people who are still reading my fics! Sorry it took a while, the holiday season kind of threw me off my game. New Year’s resolution is to make more time for my writing, so hopefully I’ll get more put out this year. I hope the new chapter is worth the wait. Comments and requests are always welcome, and encouragement makes the writer write more. Enjoy!
He didn’t realize at first that the machine had gone still, until the sound of Tony’s voice penetrated the miserable fog around him. “Such a good boy. Such a sweet omega for me.” The restraints released but Steve couldn’t hold his own weight, collapsing into Tony’s arms. Each place the metal had bound him was gently massaged and softly kissed. Tony gathered him closer, sliding a hand between his thighs through a mess of slick and come to test the area.
"Come on. Why don't you help me into the tub, and then you can bathe me. Get me all nice and clean, run your hands everywhere. That way you'll know I'm really here."
“No…” Steve blinked up at Tony, overcome by the dominance radiating from him. He’d never met an alpha with that level of power. It made him feel weak and needy. Willing to offer up anything Tony wanted to please him.
Tony accessed the collar and cuffs, pulling Steve backwards off his feet. The restraint board slid across the floor, landing beside him. Before he could react, the restraints connected to it’s surface, retracting down until he was held immobile. Bands slid over his torso and limbs, holding him securely in place. He struggled until his face was red and his chest heaving.
Steve shudders, rocking up against Tony’s weight. He can feel his alpha’s cock start hardening against him. “Tony… Please…”
That left him sitting at his desk, the same report in front of him that he'd been staring at for an hour, and the overwhelming urge to bang his head against the desk. At least it couldn't get any worse.
Once the last formalities had been finished, Tony lifted the limp omega in his arms, carried him to the waiting limousine and ordered Happy to return them to the tower. It was a short trip, and in less than an hour he was depositing Steve on his bed. “JARVIS?”
He had thought about buying a cage before. After all, he enjoyed the play he did with a cock ring. But he was absolutely certain that he hadn’t done it. And even if he had, it wouldn’t have been something like this. The craftsmanship was perfect. The metal smooth and inviting him to run his fingertips over it. The locking mechanism was integrated somehow, because there was no sign of a padlock. If he put it on it would encase him completely, locking away his need until he was allowed to have it. And Steve wanted to put it on so badly…
Eventually Steve turned his head to the side, giving himself room to speak. “Wait. You said move on in my training. What happens next?”
Laughter, followed by a man’s voice thick with a cajun drawl. “Down Kitty. Good God. Never thought you’d be into that kinda thing.”
“I know.” Gentle fingers cupped his chin, stroked over his cheek. “And we got all of that unpleasantness out of the way yesterday, so today I can focus on giving you what you need. Which should be nice for both of us. Okay?”
Tony kept him there, coming on his fingers again and again, until there was nothing left. Until Bucky was begging him desperately to take pity on him, to fuck him. He needed to feel that thick cock splitting him open, spilling inside of him, grounding him, as Steve continued to shake in his arms. There was a slick sound behind him, and then Tony was there, strong and safe, pressed against his back, the head of his cock barely resting against Bucky’s hole.
I'm back again! Cell biology is frustrating as hell, so instead, have a bright shiny new chapter. This was a popular request that I thought would work out well with the boys. I hope you enjoy. Comments brighten my day, and I always respond. Now, onto the story!
“I’m well aware you know that I was drunk last night. I ran into Sunset Bane at the gala. You asked about her. Do you remember?”
The trouble with finally being happy, with getting what he needed from another person rather than in hidden moments he stole for himself, was that Steve’s change in behavior did not go unnoticed. Especially when living in Avenger’s tower surrounded by super spies and heroes. It was just a matter of waiting to see who was going to try to talk to him first.
Steve shuddered as the rupture of the gland flooded through him, allowing his body to absorb the corresponding hormones from the claiming alpha’s saliva and come. An overwhelming burning sensation began to spread through his sore passage, the alpha’s come branding him as property. He struggled weakly, but it was too late. Even if he managed to escape now, his body would be dependent on this specific alpha for the rest of his life. Suppressants would no longer be an option. He might even go into heat.
Answering the unspoken request, Tony leaned down and kissed him softly, lingering until they needed to break away to breathe. “Feeling better, baby?”
"Hey now. What's this?" He reached down to cup Steve's chin, tilting his face up. "It's alright, my sweet boy. I don't have to go on trips like this very often. Maybe once or twice a year. I was already planning on taking you with me next time. I missed you so much."
“Naw. Course not. I kicked and fought and tried to have my way. All that got me was drugged up and strapped to a table for my first time. He marked me up, brought me home. First night I got into the kitchen, stole a knife and tried to stab him.”
“Such a good boy for me, sweetheart. Fuck. That was amazing. You’re amazing. I don’t think I’ll ever get enough of you.”
Steve took the elevator to Tony's office, the secretary immediately waving him in when she saw him. "Hey Tony."
Tony ordered delivery, for their floor and the rest of the Avengers, before they made their way to the couch, deciding to watch a movie while they waited on food. A few hours later they had finished both dinner and another movie from their list. Tony stood and stretched, back popping. "Come on, baby doll. Let's go to bed."
At his words, Tony turned in his arms, tilting Steve’s chin up to study his face. “What are you sorry for, sweetheart?”
"Yes. Yes, please Tony!" He could feel it building, just outside of his reach, the orgasm he had been denied last night, stronger than before. His wrists twisted against the silk as he writhed under Tony's touch. "Please."
He kept his eyes glued to the numbers on the clock, watching them tick down slowly, too slowly, as Tony played with the remote. He was constantly adjusting the strength and speed of the vibrations, pushing him closer and closer to a release that he couldn't quite achieve. Precum was pouring out of him, running in slick ribbons over his thighs, soaking the sheets beneath him.
“Language, Steve. Now in theory, it should wear off after several hours. Of course the proteins in an alpha’s come can also deactivate it. But I don’t think you deserve that yet, do you?”
Tony ignored the babbled words, following whatever his plan had been in the first place. It felt like hours, days had passed, as he tortured Steve’s body with unending pleasure he couldn’t reach, and pain that pulled him back down to Earth. When the vibrations and soreness were enough to make Steve want to scream, Tony moved to kneel in front of him, gripping his pecs tight, digging his fingers into the glands below each nipple, not trying to work a release from him, but forcing it instead.
Steve woke the next morning warm and content, with Tony still curled against his back. He shifted away far enough to stretch out his stiff muscles, before turning to face the other man. He let his gaze run over Tony’s features, his heart tightening in his chest. This was everything he had ever wanted. Love. Affection. A place to belong. And he was still so afraid that he’d lose it. Screw up in some unforgivable way that would make Tony realize that he could do so much better. Shifting closer, Steve pressed against his chest, buried his face in Tony’s throat. Let his alpha’s scent surround and calm him, slowing his breathing to match his deep even breaths. Drifting on the closeness of their bond. His mate.
“Here, come sit with me.” Tony’s hands gripped his arm, guiding him down to the bed before his legs gave out.
Steve collapsed onto the bed, tears pouring down his cheeks. A new pattern began. The vibrations would build him up, push him over the edge, followed by a painful shock to ruin his release. Steve was unbearably oversensitive, clawing at the sheets beneath him, hips jerking frantically, trying to escape the onslaught. But there was no escape. He was completely in Tony’s control.
“It will. But we’ve got to get you there, honey. And that might take a while. Do I need to tie you down? Give you something to struggle against? Or do you need my cock in that sweet hole of yours?”
The strap on the gag released. Tony’s hands gently eased it out of his mouth, before cupping his cheeks and tilting his face up. Steve whimpered, hesitantly opening his eyes. Concern was etched across Tony’s handsome face. “Steve? What happened? What’s wrong? JARVIS notified me. He said you were in distress…” The words caused further sobs to pour out of him. Tony had only come back because the AI had told him he needed to. Not because he missed him. Wanted to see him.
“You’re welcome, sweetheart. Now, why don’t you just lay there and look pretty for me while I relax for a bit, hmm? I’ll even get you more comfortable.” Tony carefully shifted him over, releasing and refastening the shackles, fussing over the chains and adjusting the length until he was on his back, spread wide and helpless. “How’s that baby? Better?”
Tony rolled Steve onto his back, watched as he jerked and spasmed uncontrollably, pleasure sparking through his body at the sensation of being filled the way he needed. “This what you need, baby? To cry on a big old knot?” Steve tried to stutter out a reply, but couldn’t. Instead releasing each time he moved, the plug pressing harder against his swollen passage. His eyes were completely blown, no hint of blue remaining, as he panted and moaned, completely at Tony’s mercy. “Yeah. That’s what you needed. Don’t worry, sweetheart. I will always give you exactly what you need.”
Steve nodded against his chest, then whimpered as he felt the cage tighten back into it’s normal snug fit. “Yes, Sir.”
It pulsed in a maddening pattern, driving him quickly to the edge before stopping completely. Steve collapsed back against the bed, struggling to catch his breath. As soon as his body had calmed, it started again. First at a low setting, then slowly increasing, until the vibrations were so strong the pleasure was agony. Again, when he reached the edge of release it stopped. It took longer for him to relax this time, his body throbbing with unfulfilled desire.
Tony turned Steve’s face up towards his, waiting until the omega’s eyes slitted open. “Hey honey. How does a nice hot bath sound?”
Both men rose to their feet and obediently walked down the hallway. When they entered, James cautiously glanced around. Tony watched him carefully, wanting to make sure nothing in the room would trigger a bad memory or a panic attack. When he’d finished taking in the surroundings, Tony caught his gaze, held it until he received a small nod in return. “Now Steve, I know how hard it can be for you to control yourself sometimes, so we’re going to get you tied up nice and tight. Say thank you, omega.”
Thank you everybody who commented on this story! I really appreciate it. And don’t worry, I might have wrapped this one up, but I have a lot more ideas to play with!
Tony grabbed his arm, dragging him up from the bed and steering him towards the elevator. Steve stumbled over his feet, back slamming into the elevator wall, his alpha’s arms on either side of his head. Tony’s eyes were completely blown, his scent edging towards feral, similar to an alpha going into rut. “Let me get this straight, sweetheart. You’re an omega, which means you get slick for me, want me to fuck you, plug you up afterwards, and you’ll never touch your sweet little cock no matter how badly you want to. You’d let me do whatever I wanted to you, wouldn’t you, Steve? Let me tease you, torture you, play with you for hours…”
Steve closed his eyes, listening to the sounds of Tony preparing whatever treatment he would be inflicting. Straining to figure out what could be responsible for making each one. Icy metal slid into his passage, began to pry him open. Steve recognized the feel of a speculum at this point, however he’d never been forced quite so wide by one before. Even as the tool cranked him open further, Steve felt the vibrations wring another release from his spent body, passage trying to clench tight around the intruding object. Once he was spread out impossibly wide, he heard the click of the catch, holding it open.
Steve collapsed against the bed, rutting into the sheets, trying to get pressure against his cock, rock onto the plug. Maybe trying to free himself. He wasn’t sure. The edge of orgasm slid out of reach, his cock softening before his eyes. A sob tore from his chest.
The alpha’s eyes gleamed dangerously. “Ask and you shall receive.” He moved from Steve’s line of sight, returning with a gleaming metal restraint board. Tony’s eyes lit up with the unearthly glow again, Steve’s cuffs obeying his command. His wrists, ankles, and collar were pulled down to the surface of the board, fastening seamlessly. Bands of metal rose up, flowing like liquid over Steve’s body, further holding him in place. The board beneath him lifted into the air, Tony following behind, setting down on the floor beside a dining table and chairs.
"I can leave you wanting, and dress you up in your pretty new toy. Or I can make you come until you're begging me to stop, and then make you pretty for me. Which way do you want to suffer, baby?"
Steve glanced at the thick leather seat. Sitting on that would drive the plug deeper into him. He shook his head. "No thanks. I think I'll stand."
“Your choice, remember? Choice one:  I’m going to tease you, edge you up one more time until you’re so close you can taste it, and then we stop cold and go to bed. Some good old fashioned denial. Choice two: I’m going to tease you, edge you up a couple more times until you feel like you’re going to explode, and I’ll let you come. But I’m going to ruin it. Have you ever had a ruined orgasm Steve? I bet it’s something a sweet little masochist like you would love. Those are your choices.”
When he next opened his eyes, he was curled in Tony’s lap on the couch, head tucked into the other man’s throat.
Unable to resist, Steve followed him into the living room and made himself comfortable on the loveseat, watching as Tony kicked the others off the tv and pulled up the movie list he’d made of things that Steve “had to see”. They spent the afternoon watching movies, talking, and sharing snacks. Some of the others joined them for parts of the day, and by dinner time, everyone was sprawled out in the room arguing over which movie they should watch next.
There was no rush to their movements, no hurry. Only a slow exploration of bodies, pleasure building and cresting. Steve was the first to fall over the edge, crying out and wrapping his arms tight around the other man's shoulders, holding him close as he felt a rush of warmth inside him. As Tony came deep inside his body, collapsing against his chest, breaths heavy against his skin.
Then Tony claimed he didn't want Steve worrying or getting stressed out over the publicity. So he had Happy whisk him off to a spa for the day, where he was rubbed down, massaged, manicured, pedicured, and treated to every luxury that they offered.
"So very good for me." He reached down and unfastened the front of Steve's slacks, pushing them down just far enough to free his cock. It throbbed beneath his touch and Steve moaned again. Tony stroked over him, softly at first, then firmer, dark eyes taking in every whimper and shudder. "Is this what you want from me? To play with you? Control you? Own every inch of your body?"
A dark chuckle greeted his words. “I don’t think so.” He laughed again at Steve’s helpless groan. “But I do have something else for you that I think you’ll enjoy.”
“He’s not my Steve!” The words were nearly a snarl, and Steve flinched back, hands splayed in front of him, as though to hold off an attack. “Shh… I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to scare you. I’ve… Never seen you like this. Are you alright?”
Steve nodded furiously, even as Tony was unfastening his pants, pulling them down. He was careful as always working the plug free, before sliding into Steve with a single motion, burying himself to the hilt. Steve dropped his head back against Tony’s shoulder, moaning as he held still inside him, giving them both a moment to enjoy how completely they were joined. It didn’t take long for Tony to start moving, to work up to quick strokes that rubbed the head of his cock over Steve’s gland, had him gasping and clinging to the edge of the bench for support.
Steve’s gaze was still glued to the ground. He couldn’t bring himself to meet the older man’s eyes, afraid of what he’d see there. “That was very kind of you. Your Steve is very lucky.”
"Come on then." Tony led them, not into the bedroom, but to a doorway beside it. Steve had never given it much thought, assuming it to be a spare room. This had to be what the websites had been talking about when they mentioned a dungeon. The room was filled with benches and tables, gleaming silver restraints everywhere. Tony walked to a clear space in the center of the room. "Strip and stand here."
“Alright. Let me just get this demanding little cocklet tucked away. Then you get my cock. And my knot. Okay baby?” Steve nodded, mind too foggy with desire to understand what Tony was saying until his eyes began to glow a bright electric blue. The cage around Steve’s cock began to clamp down around him viciously, the increasing pressure forcing him to release again and again. The metal continued to tighten, forcing his soft cock smaller, taking advantage of both the elasticity and sensitivity brought on by his heat. Even when the cage stopped, locking in place once more, Steve couldn’t still his frantic movements. A glance down showed that he was now as dainty as any omega was supposed to be. He hated the fact that it was now a source of pleasure for his stupid body, the crush of metal overwhelming after so long without a single touch.
Eventually the flow of tears stopped. Steve allowed Tony to lay him back against the bed, tuck a blanket around him and curl him into the heat of his body. He tried to stay awake, but found that he was exhausted. As he drifted away, he heard the soft murmur of Tony talking to JARVIS, but couldn’t understand anything that was said.
Steve lay there, pleasure throbbing through his body, aching for release and trembling. Feeling the wave of it slowly recede, replaced with the desire to please the other man. To give him anything and everything he asked for.
Steve felt something cold and wet press against his hole, the slim shape forcing it’s way in easily. Once it was buried a few inches deep, liquid was forced into his spasming passage, flooding him with slick moisture. The cool plastic was withdrawn, leaving him twitching in the restraints. The sensation of dampness between his cheeks was uncomfortable and foreign, discomfort increasing as it warmed with his body. A prickling tingle began to spread where the slick came in contact with his channel. Fingers began rubbing at his entrance again, slowly slipping inside. He tried to clench, force out the invading digits, and found he was unable to. The fingers pressed deeper inside of him, stretching him open.
A wave of heat washed over Steve's skin, his cock pressing against the cage in a valiant attempt to harden. "Is that what you want? To punish me?"
Sensing a possible weakness, Steve gave the alpha his full attention. Maybe it could help him get out of this place. “No, what were you going to say?”
“Saving yourself for me? What a good boy. But I believe the plan was to start with a punishment. That is what you asked for, after all. And what kind of master would I be if I denied you that? But I can’t start off too hard. I don’t know how much you can take. Yet.” He moved to stand beside the bed in Steve’s line of sight, held out a slim leather crop. “Do you know what this is, Steve?”
Tony shrugged and gave a bitter laugh. “Yeah. Had one for all of the Avengers. For all the good it did me.”
I have no plans for that to occur in any of my other stories, or for that to be a common pairing that I write. I know it’s not listed in the tags, if the relationship takes a turn towards sexual or romantic, they will be updated. I hope you continue reading, and approach this fic with an open mind.
“Really now? I thought you would be grateful for a break after how long it’s been. You really love it, don’t you?”
“It’s an aphrodisiac and an inhibiting agent. We need to spend some time working on your slick glands today, which will be easier when you’re aroused. However, since you acted up this morning, your punishment is that you don’t get to come from it. Should be an interesting day.”
"Stay." After issuing the order, Tony disappeared into the closet, rustling around for several long moments before returning, setting things down where Steve couldn't see what he had chosen. He heard the sound of a bottle opening, his only warning before slick fingers began rubbing over his hole, coating it thoroughly in lube before pressing inside. Tony took his time, slowly opening him up, adding more and more lube until he was slick and dripping with it. Finally satisfied, his fingers slid away. Steve let out a soft whimper, achingly empty, clenching around nothing.
Steve didn’t have a chance to do more than glance around the opulent bedroom he found himself in on the other side of the portal. As soon as the last of the orange light had disappeared, he was pinned against the wall by a force field. No matter how much he struggled against it, Steve was unable to move an inch. His position gave him a clear view of the door. As soon as it opened, his breath caught in his chest.
Over the weekend, Tony had spent a few hours in his workshop, leaving Steve to entertain himself however he wanted. He wasn’t used to having free time. Before the serum his illnesses filled any spare moment he could scratch out for himself. During the war, there simply wasn’t time. He found himself turning to JARVIS for advice and recommendations, and enjoying the things the snarky AI directed him to.
"So pretty for me. Such a sweet needy boy. I love you like this." A rough hand twisted in Steve's hair, jerking his head back. "I only asked you for one thing. One simple little thing. And you couldn't even do that. Do you really think that's the kind of behavior that deserves a reward?"
"Come on, sweetheart. Back with me now, just a little bit. Doesn't my good boy want his present? I made it just for you, finished it before I came up."
"That's right. My sweet boy, letting me treat him nice for a change." The corner of his mouth turned up slightly. "Since I'm usually so very mean to you."
Tony laughed softly before sliding his cock into Steve’s mouth, down his throat. One hand threaded into the hair at the back of his head, tightening ruthlessly. The other kept his head tilted up, giving Steve no choice but to watch him take his pleasure. He started with a quick pace, plunging down Steve’s throat, gagging him and occasionally holding him there, cock cutting off his air until Tony chose to allow him more.
Steve moved closer, examining the bright colors, the emotion displayed in each figure. "It's beautiful."
When the elevator reached the penthouse, he lifted him by the same grip, forcing Steve to wrap his legs around Tony’s waist or risk falling. They tumbled onto the bed, rolling across it’s surface, ending with Steve on his back and Tony on his knees over him. He didn’t waste a second, shredding the clothes from his body, leaving Steve panting and wanting.
“Well that doesn’t sound right. I can’t imagine any version of Steve Rogers that doesn’t run headlong into a fight and somehow come out on top.”
A pleased growl rumbled in Tony’s chest. Steve wasn’t even trying to fight him, instead submitting easily to his alpha’s will. “And if I told you I want to keep you like this for the next week?” Tony let a hint of alpha voice slip into his tone, watching as Steve shuddered helplessly against the bed. Tony pressed him back, propping himself on one arm, so he had an unimpeded view of the gorgeous omega beneath him. “You were so fucking good for me, you know that Steve? Falling apart and begging for my cock. Crying on my knot over and over again. And I bet you still want more, don’t you baby?” Steve’s shuddering increased, his hips rocking back against the bed, trying to force the thick plug deeper. Tony growled again in pleasure, wanting to reward the responsiveness. “That’s right, sweetheart. Try to fuck yourself, see if it helps. I know that plug isn’t going anywhere unless I take it out. Everything I use on you, everything you’re wearing is keyed to me. And if I want to flip you over and pound your sweet ass right now, or leave you desperate and begging for a week, you’ll let me. Because you’re mine.”
Tony’s come no longer burned as it had at first, instead there was a tingling warmth that left him aroused and made him crave more. The plug was pressed back into him after Tony’s cock slipped free, the constant pressure only teasing him more. Every time he shifted on the thick padding of the chair as they ate breakfast, it only made him more aware of the constant need simmering just below the surface.
“Hey!” Bucky gripped his upper arm, jerked him back around to face him. “Don’t. You don’t get to call me a whore for findin’ someone who loves me, Steve.”
His cries turned louder, desperate. The war between pain and arousal raged through him, with no clear winner. Each time Steve felt like he was close to the edge of orgasm, the pain from his neglected glands was enough to steal the pleasure from his grasp. The vibrations pulsing through his caged cock were enough to make him want to scream. Each time felt like too much, and still his alpha pushed him through more, made him take it. Every time his body released, Tony simply cranked the vibrations higher. He begged and pleaded with the other man to stop, to let him rest. To not make it worse.
They started their normal routine of warm ups and practice, but something was off. Steve didn’t feel right, kept needing to shake his head to try to clear out some of the cobwebs. A pain in his side sent him down to the ground. He thought he heard a concerned voice asking if he was alright, but it seemed to come from a great distance. The world was spinning around him, the way it used to when he’d have an asthma attack and couldn’t get enough air into his lungs.
Tony watched as Steve began to shift slightly on the mattress. It quickly graduated into squirming then desperate writhing as the lube warmed and began to work, creating a constant itching sensation. Steve gasped, grinding his hips back against the plug, trying to work it inside his passage, soothe the maddening itch, whimpering as the friction only made it worse. Tony didn’t interfere, allowing Steve to increase his own agony before the official punishment even began. “T-Tony! Oh God… It’s… It’s…”
“It’s alright. It’s alright sweetheart. I promise. I won’t leave you. I couldn’t. You’re so perfect. You’re everything to me. I love you so much, Steve.”
“You aren’t yet, but I promise, you will be.” Tony lay down beneath him, settled between Steve’s wide spread thighs, his weight on the bar immobilizing him further. Leaning up slightly, he took Steve’s cock into his mouth, sucking and bobbing his head, driving him to orgasm with no teasing or finesse. Steve started to whimper as he got close to the edge, knowing what was coming. Sure enough, right as the pleasure started to crest, Tony pulled off of him, harshly slapping the head of his cock. The heavy dribble of a ruined orgasm splattered the carpet, and Steve shuddered in his restraints, feeling miserable and jumbled up inside, and yet still half hard as Tony slid away.
“Oh you definitely can, sweetheart. And we’re not stopping this time until you do. You want to know what you get in exchange for your little cocklet being locked up for me? You’re gonna find out, Steve. And I can’t wait to hear you scream.”
Tony left the vibrations where they were, letting the pleasure slowly build to a peak. He wanted James to have a chance to enjoy it. It was obvious he’d had little experience with pleasure in his life, and Tony wanted to give him the opportunity to have it all. He was gorgeous, writhing and arching, hands gripping the chair arms tightly, biting his lower lip in an attempt to hold back his sounds of pleasure. As he drew closer to release, a shudder ran through him, and he relaxed back into the chair, surrendering to the sensations. His eyes opened into narrowed slits, gaze locked on Tony’s. A few moments later James cried out hoarsely, arching up, come dripping from the opening of the cage. Tony let him  shudder through the last of the aftershocks before turning the toy off. James slumped back into a contented heap, sluggishly turning his face up to Tony.
James knelt down, carefully positioning himself, metal arm folded against his back, cage gleaming between his thighs, waiting for Tony’s word. Once he was given the signal, he carefully lowered himself into a perfect push up, gaining himself a reward, and proving that he could do it. On the next, his arm wobbled dramatically, sending him crashing to the ground. Steve groaned miserably, knowing where they were headed.
Steve wasn’t sure when he fell asleep, barely stirred when Tony lifted him and carried him up to the penthouse. When he finally woke it was early morning. He could see sunrise streaked over the horizon, and feel warm arms wrapped around his waist holding him close. He turned, careful not to wake the other man, so he could study his features in the faint light. The bags under his eyes were darker then ever, and even in sleep his brows were drawn together in a frown. Steve reached up, smoothing his fingers over the lines, hoping to soothe whatever doubts might remain.
Tony leaned back against the bench, gesturing to the open room, before crossing his arms across his chest. “Go ahead, sweetheart. What are you waiting for, an invitation?”
Steve nodded, and then Tony was moving, pushing Steve back, and sliding down onto his cock. Everything was hot, wet, and tight. So intense that it tore a scream from his throat. Tony didn't give him even a second to adjust, hips rocking furiously as he stroked up and down Steve's cock. All the frustrated desire of the last several days rose up as though it had only been waiting for the opportunity, coiling and twisting inside of him, making his muscles go tight. "Tony...!"
“Just making another part of you mine, Steve. Now hold still for a minute. Let me see what I’m working with.” Questing fingers pressed inside of him, slowly working deeper, rubbing firm circles against Steve’s passage until he reached his prostate. Steve gasped as a bolt of pleasure shot through him, trying to grind his caged cock down against the bench. “There we are. Nice and sensitive, though I think I can improve that a little bit as well.”
“I see. And let me guess, those bonding glands are right here on your beautiful neck.” Tony’s fingers slid up to cup the back of Steve’s neck, fingers and thumb pressing hard against both of his sensitive glands. Steve cried out helplessly, back arching as he released without warning, the pleasure tearing through him, leaving him feeling weak and sluggish.
Steve stayed still and pliant as Tony rearranged him, sliding his thigh up and to the side to allow him to thrust deeper. Letting the sensations wash over him. He tried to stay in the moment, enjoy what he was being given, with no expectations for more. Tony shifted his hips so each stroke dragged over Steve’s sensitive prostate, sending shivers of pleasure down his spine. Tony’s hands slid to his chest, cupping his pecs and kneading the firm flesh as he continued to pound into him. Steve’s muscles began to tremble as he neared his release, fully expecting the implant to ruin it once again.
Tony nodded. “I know him. He’s a good guy. Usually doesn’t have good luck with relationships, though.”
Steve shifted forward, spreading Tony's thighs with his shoulders, gently sliding his lips around his cock. He worked him gently, coaxing him to hardness and slowly teasing him awake, eyes trained on his face. As soon as Tony's eyelashes began to flutter, Steve increased his efforts, quickly losing himself in the taste and feel of the man beneath him.
Dark eyes rolled up to meet his. “Yeah? Is that hard for my good boy to handle.” He waited for Steve to nod before he flashed a wicked smile. “Good.” Tony wrapped his mouth around him and sucked hard, the length of him barely filling his mouth. The heat and pressure surrounding his cock was enough to make him scream, grinding his head back against the bench. Tony didn’t stop, not letting up for a second, until Steve released, slick gushing from his hole and a small trickle into his mouth. He held him between his lips, tongue flicking over the head, digging into his slit to chase the taste, before releasing him. “So sweet, baby doll. I love it.”
“There. All better now?” Tony waited for Steve to nod before he continued. “And what have you learned today?”
Steve swallowed hungrily around the cock in his throat, grinding back as much as he could in the restraints holding him, trying to get the thick vibrator buried deeper inside of him. He was insatiable, skin burning with need, the constant vibrations against his omega gland driving him insane. The only place on his body devoid of any sensation was his cock. It was numbed so completely he couldn’t feel so much as a trace of the strong vibrations thrumming through his ass.
Steve whined again, hips unconsciously rocking up into Tony’s body. Tony pressed his thigh down against Steve’s caged cocklet, letting him grind up against it, he whined pitifully when it provided him no relief. Keeping his eyes locked on Steve’s face, Tony lowered down to his chest, sucking one aching nipple into his mouth. Steve arched off the bed, moaning loudly. The sensations were more intense then ever before, stealing his breath and increasing the aches and spasms inside of him. He pressed harder against Tony’s thigh, the cage seeming tighter than before as his desperation to be touched grew. “Alpha! Alpha, please…”
Tony tightened his grip, stroking over Steve’s cock harder, feeling him shudder violently. “You’re welcome, pet. See? You can be good for me after all.” It was a low blow, but effective. Steve buried his face against Tony’s stomach, arms wrapping tightly around his waist. He allowed it, knowing Steve needed a little reassurance for continued obedience. As he neared his second orgasm, Tony began to increase the vibrations, until Steve’s hips were rocking helplessly. He wailed when it washed over him, the increasing sensitivity allowing Tony to easily push him over the edge again and again.
Steve immediately scrambled to obey, legs spread as wide as possible, ass up high in the air. Tony organized his supplies on the bed behind him, then picked up the plug he had designed for the purpose. He secured the tubing in place before lubing up the surface, and sliding it easily into Steve. Holding it in place, Tony accessed the programming and began to expand the toy. As it grew, Steve began to shift restlessly, groaning when the stretch became intense. Tony was careful, not wanting to tear him, but curious to see how much more the super soldier could take.
“I did. But this is a lesson you need to learn, omega. So we’re getting it out of the way today.” Tony pressed Steve’s thighs wide, burying himself in a single thrust, moaning as Steve clenched and rippled around him, before starting a slow steady in and out movement.
“I… I made a nest out of all the things you left for me. And it was really nice. I don’t think I’ve ever had anything like that before. But then I started thinking about what would happen when… When…” Steve stifled a sob, curling back further into Tony’s grip.
Tony flashed a brilliant smile. "Because I'm a lucky son of a bitch. Yes, you can quote me. No more questions, we have some art to see."
Tony continued on as though he hadn't heard him. "Now, I don't want to hurt you, so we're going to try something a little different." He slid up on the bed until he was sitting up against the headboard, a firm grip on Steve's wrist drawing him with. He casually turned him, as if he weighed nothing, until his back faced Tony, then drew him back onto his lap.
Steve cried out as pain lanced through him from the touch, struggling to free himself from his alpha’s grip. “No! Please! It hurts. Tony, it hurts!”
Steve was still struggling, trapped between pleasure and pain, unable to crest the edge. His movements became increasingly frantic as he tried to force himself over by willpower alone. Tony watched him with pleasure, enjoying the way his sweet boy was utterly falling apart, giving him and James everything they wanted and then some. “Ready to come, sweetheart?”
I definitely need to write something soft and smutty for poor Steve after this fic is done. Good thing I already have an idea in the wings.
After he’d finished breakfast and drank the rest of his coffee, Steve retrieved the tablet, curling up on the couch. The first thing he looked up on the internet was Tony Stark. There were hundreds of pages. Everything from company press releases to tabloid trash. He stumbled on a video, a clip from some talk show he didn’t recognize, discussing Tony choosing an omega. Steve had expected scathing comments about himself. Instead they seemed more inclined to speculate on how long it would take before Tony screwed it up. Mentions of his playboy past and Stark Industries bloody origins.
Glands were more important to health and well being than Steve had realized. Slick glands apparently helped in the removal of toxins from the body. When they were impacted or non-functioning for too long, it could lead to a buildup in the blood stream. If not caught in time, it could cause sepsis and death. The omega gland was more than just a pleasure center. It produced the majority of an omega’s hormones. Damage or removal lead to infrequent heats, infertility, depression, anxiety, and panic disorders. Some remote regions still practiced gland mutilation, leaving omegas in a constant state of fear and need, removing the ability to be soothed. Stark Industries supported a charity outreach program providing protection and rehabilitation for omega’s who had been tortured in that fashion.
A few days later found them both covered with slime facing off with another alien sorcerer who decided it was a great idea to conquer the Earth. Complete with gelatinous constructs he kept pulling from the ground that exploded over the team covering them in a rain of goo every time they were defeated.
“I promise.” Tony kissed him, slow and sweet, hoping to ease his fears, at least for the moment. He knew it would take some time, especially after the mistakes he’d made not long ago. He knew he’d make others in the future, but he was determined to not repeat them.
“I’m sorry, sweetheart. I really am. This is the best way to get it to give. And you need this, Steve. You just have to trust me. I know you can do this. And at the moment? You don’t really have a choice.” Tony settled against the headboard beside him, settling the tablet on his lap and sipping his coffee. He gave Steve a chance to get used to the pressure before turning the vibrator on.
Steve pouted, glancing at James over his shoulder. “Please, Buck. Lemme come. I’ve been good. Please?”
"Oh, yeah. Thought maybe you'd want to take a break from saving the world sometimes and pick up a hobby. I know you used to be an artist, so I thought you might like it. Did I not get the right stuff? I can always call the store and-"
“No! No! Stop it! Leave me alone!” Steve’s chest was heaving, tears pouring down his face from stress and panic. Tony made a soothing sound, rubbing over the bond bite to calm him.
“Oh, baby. You have glands here too. They need to be worked to help you release. You should be soft here, not rock hard. Don’t worry. I’ll take care of it. But you’re going to have to be patient. It might be awhile before we can get your body ready to release like you should.” He kneaded Steve’s chest forcefully, the touch as demanding as the tone of voice it accompanied. It made a shiver run down his spine, tightening his muscles and squeezing his passage around the plug. Steve imagined he could still feel the heat of Tony’s come, fucked deep into him and trapped in place by the toy.
"You'll see. Let me just get the timer ready..." Steve trembled as he heard several sounds around him. Part of him knew that it was mostly for show, to mess with his head. But it was still working. A few moments later he felt something damp and cool pressing against his hole, no longer teasing, but forcing its way inside relentlessly until it was seated. It felt like a plug, but the texture was strange. Firm, but not that of metal or silicone. There was also a spicy scent in the air that he couldn't place.
Steve’s head snapped up, mouth opening to argue. Tony was waiting for it. As soon as Steve opened his mouth, a wide rubber bit was forced between his teeth, gagging him. The strap fastened itself behind Steve’s head at Tony’s direction, and no matter how much Steve shook his head trying to loosen it, the gag stayed firmly in place. He yelled and screamed at Tony, but the words came out muffled, garbled, and completely unintelligible.
"Yeah. They just wouldn't leave me alone! Kept asking the same questions over and over like I'd suddenly have all the answers."
“Good boy. You’re so good for me. I love it.” Icy metal was pressed to Steve’s entrance and slowly guided just past his rim. His muscles locked up from the cold, but Tony had been too thorough in his preparations for Steve to keep the object out. “What’s the matter, sweetheart? Don’t like it?”
True to his word, Tony didn’t want to break him. He enjoyed Steve having interests and a personality. Wanted him to be happy and have friends. And being able to spend time with Bucky again made his new life almost perfect.
He began a slow rhythm, pulling Steve’s mouth up and down the length of his cock, pressing into the back of his throat every few strokes and holding him there for a moment before letting him slide back and breathe. Steve looked wrecked, eyes watering, lips swollen, gasping for air whenever Tony released him, gagging obediently around his cock when he held him down. Tony began rolling his hips up to meet Steve’s mouth, small movements at first, then harder. Faster. Pushing into his throat each time, not allowing him more than a few seconds to recover in between each thrust.
The shackles released with a soft sound, and he collapsed sideways into Tony's arms, let the older man gather him into his lap, kiss his slack lips. He felt like he was floating, the world gauzy and soft around the edges. He could hear Tony's voice murmuring praise and endearments, but the actual words were beyond him.
"The sass on you..." Tony's voice trailed off into a moan, as Steve pushed the blankets out of the way and slid his mouth over his cock. He lost himself in the taste and texture, the weight of him in his mouth and on his tongue. Steve let himself take his time, enjoy every sound he drew from his lover's lips. He loved doing this, being this, for Tony.
Steve struggled in earnest when he saw Tony approaching with the needle. “No! Please! I don’t want it. I’ll be good!”
Due to an overwhelmingly positive response and extreme boredom in quarantine, you get another chapter! Seriously, everyone has been so nice, it's making this story a joy to work on. Comments and constructive criticism is always welcome, and feel free to request anything you would like to see in this story. I won't promise it'll end up in there, but I will consider it, and I love being inspired.
"Such a good boy for asking. I think the lesson might actually stick this time." He shifted his hips, each thrust slamming into the sensitive gland, almost making Steve scream again. He was so close, could barely hold himself back.
Almost as if on cue, arousal surged through Steve’s body. His cock straining against the cage and his prostate throbbing madly inside of him. He’d never felt need or desire like this before. “Please, Tony. Please!”
"Yes Tony." Steve took his time, putting on a show for the other man. When he finally revealed the silk briefs Tony groaned.
Steve's arms tightened almost painfully around him. He hated to think that one day Tony would be gone, that he'd still be here. Alone. "Don't... Don't say things like that. Okay?"
Bucky was going to lose his mind. Everywhere he went in the tower, Stark and this version of Stevie were fucking. By the end of the first week he’d already seen Steve bent over a workbench in the lab, strapped to some sort of contraption in the penthouse, pushed back on the kitchen counter, and being fucked into the carpet. He had an almost begrudging respect for Stark’s stamina. The man was a machine.
“Well, that’s a start. And since I’m done with your unruly dick for the night, I think it needs to be locked away.”
Steve's jaw snapped shut with an audible click. His hips kept thrusting into Tony's fist, his body tensing as he neared release, squeezing down on the ginger. It tore a scream from his throat, pain pushing him away from the edge, teasing him relentlessly. The stimulation was too much for him to fight after being denied for so long. His body clenched tight, cock pulsing over the callused fingers still stroking him.
A gentle hand combed through his hair and he turned into the touch. “I have to leave for a little while. On a business trip. And as much as I love the way we play, I don’t feel comfortable leaving you locked up while I’m out of the country. So I want to take care of you before I leave. Understand?”
Tony sighed. “I know you don’t like it. But I’m doing it for your own good. I’m trying, Steve. In case you hadn’t noticed, I haven’t done this before either. I don’t have a harem of omegas running around up here. I’m new at this. Maybe I moved too fast, but I wanted you to be fixed. Healthy.” There was a note of sadness in the alpha’s voice. It made Steve want to comfort him. He ruthlessly crushed the impulse, staying stiff and still in his lap.
He groaned. Tony was in meetings for the next several hours. He must have gotten bored. It took him longer to reply, fingers shaking.
Steve’s head fell back, his hips straining against the restraints, desperate to thrust up into Tony’s tight fist. After so much teasing, the straightforward pleasure felt even more intense. As he hardened completely, Steve felt a strange shifting at the injection site, almost as if it was moving, slowly crawling up the length of his cock. He was quickly distracted from the subtle sensation as Tony increased his movements, stroking faster, pushing him towards release. He fell over the edge with a cry, his orgasm drawn out by a squeezing pressure just beneath the surface of his cock. By the time he had recovered and Tony had released him, the feeling was gone, and Steve began to wonder if he’d imagined it.
Steve couldn’t contain himself anymore, hips jerking up, trying to dislodge the mouth from his sensitive flesh. Tony moved with him, grip on his thighs tightening, keeping Steve exactly where he wanted him. The intensity kept growing, still feeling good, but almost painfully so, and still Tony didn’t relent, forcing Steve to release in his mouth again and again, until he was sobbing from it, the couch beneath him soaking wet.
“Then make me understand! When I got here, I had nothing and no one. Now I have Tony and I have you. And that’s all I need to make my life complete. And when you run away, thinking you don’t belong here, or deserve to be here, or whatever you’ve convinced yourself of in that screwed up brain of yours, you’re going to take half of my world away with you. Do you want to hurt me? Hurt Tony?”
When the elevator doors opened, he stumbled out, falling to the ground on his knees. Tony was leaning against a workbench, eyes glowing electric blue. “Hey baby doll. I knew you’d come down to see me eventually.”
Steve nodded, the gag muffling the first sob. Tony released his grip, stepping away long enough to retrieve a large syringe. He knelt behind Steve, gripping the back of his neck and pressing him down until he was bent over, forehead resting against the mat. Steve felt the collar shift around his neck, a small extension emerging to attach to another ring on the floor, holding him in place. He yelled as loud as he could when he felt the needle pierce the skin behind his cock, the rush of liquid burning as it was injected into him.
Contrary to his words, Tony took his time over their meal. Offering Steve little bites from his fingers. Reaching out to stroke through his hair. Wiping imaginary crumbs from his lips then leaning over to kiss him. It made Steve feel soft, cared for, and he melted at the treatment. Once Tony was satisfied, he drew Steve to his feet and into a long, languid kiss, before gently steering him into the bedroom. “On the bed, sweetheart. I need to get something.”
Tony teased his nipples enough to harden them before attaching lightly weighted clamps. A soft chime when Steve shifted his position, caused him to blush with the realization that there were bells on them. Any movement would cause them to sound.
Also, anyone who hasn’t seen it yet, VeroCaroline did two art pieces for this story! I love them so much! They’re linked at the end of the work, so if you haven’t yet, please check them out and show her some love!
When he came back to himself the machines were gone and he was sitting on the floor, curled into Tony’s lap and clinging to him tightly. He hated the fact that the person doing these terrible things to him was also the only one able to bring him comfort. The scent of evergreen and motor oil was indelibly etched into his memory.
Steve’s body trembled as he frantically rubbed the magic spot, feeling spasms inside his passage. There was obviously some connection he didn’t understand between it and his omega gland, which he could feel throbbing almost painfully as he neared release. Just as he was about to tumble over the edge, the restraints on his hands and ankles snapped together, leaving him trapped on his back. His body throbbed, still close to release, but feeling it slowly recede back to his normal state of frustrated arousal as he was unable to do anything to help himself.
“None of this is fair, sweetheart. Dynamic relationships are inherently unfair. Get used to it.” As his knot slowly deflated, Tony reached into the nightstand drawer and pulled out a pair of handcuffs and a thick silicone plug. Before Steve had a chance to react, his hands were secured behind his back, and Tony slid free of his body, quickly replacing his cock with the plug.
Tony’s eyes were still bright blue as he unfastened the restraints, helping Steve off the table to stand on wobbly legs. He was confused when he was led back upstairs. The way Tony had been talking about it, Steve had expected something much worse. Especially if everyone else had refused to do it. And he hadn’t replaced the cage, which was also unexpected considering how possessive Tony seemed to be when it came to Steve. The uncertainty began to grow. Had he done something wrong? Had he failed at yet another thing Tony needed from him? “Sir…?”
“It’s okay, sweetheart.” He let out a shaky breath, gently exploring the swollen area before wrapping both arms around Steve, holding him close. “It’s okay. I’m stopping for now. Alright?”
Since the last chapter was sweet and tender fluff, have more kinky porn! Because life sucks on so many levels right now, I feel like everyone deserves lost of fluffy feels and kinky sex. Enjoy! As always, all mistakes are mine. Let me know what you think, and any kink requests you would like to see. I may not use all of them, but I promise to consider everything. Comments feed my praise kink and speed up future posts.
He doubted Steve would have shared some of the finer details about mating if it weren’t something he wanted just as much. To be claimed, kept, by someone so possessive they couldn’t stand the idea of him ever belonging to someone else. A slow wave of desire rolled through Tony. He could feel his cock stir and begin to fill, slotted neatly between Steve’s cheeks, only separated by thin layers of fabric.
Steve reached into his pocket and pulled out the small phone, held it in his hand for a moment, staring blankly at its surface. He had only used it to text, as instructed. But something like this… It deserved to be discussed. Another deep breath, and Steve called the number belonging to his Sir. Only two rings before it was answered. Silence met him on the other end of the line.
Steve looked down, studying his hands and trying not to squirm on the chair. It was getting harder to remember what he needed to do, the demands of his body impossible to ignore. And if Tony said it would be worse, he believed him. The alpha always seemed to be three steps ahead. “I’ll… Be good…”
Okay guys, just a warning. This story has somehow gotten away from me. There’s plot in my porn, damnit! I have no control over what my muses are doing, or where they take me when I write.
“Why are you doing this to me? I don’t want it! I don’t want any of it!” Steve sobbed, overcome with grief. “You hurt me!”
Slight update to this chapter, I realized some things weren’t working in this story the way they should. Hopefully that’ll lead to sooner updates on this story.
Bucky took a deep breath, something deep inside of him finally relaxing. For the first time since he’d come back to himself, Bucky felt safe. He pressed back into Steve’s embrace, closed his eyes, and remembered what it felt like to be home.
He nodded, unable to speak around the sudden lump in his throat. Tony was here. He'd take care of him.
With a mental farewell to his sanity, Steve leaned back into the couch cushions and unfastened his pants, dragging them and his briefs down to mid-thigh. Closing his eyes, he wrapped his hand around his cock, stroking up and down the length slowly. After all, he was supposed to enjoy it. He took his time, teasing until he was panting, hips thrusting up into his own grip. A cry tore from his lips as he finally exploded, drawing out the pleasure until he was shaking with oversensitivity.
"Good boy. Such a good fucking boy. But we haven't even started yet. We still have your punishment to get out of the way first, now don't we?"
Tony was already dressed, his plate empty, a cup of coffee in hand. When Steve entered, he motioned to a plate and cup waiting on the other side of the table. Steve knelt at his feet so Tony could remove the gag before taking a seat and starting on his breakfast. He stayed silent while he ate, not wanting to push his luck after the most recent punishment. Unusually, so did Tony. He focused on his phone, swiping over the screen idly as he drank his coffee, ignoring Steve. When the plate was empty, Tony motioned him over and refastened the gag.
“Shh… It’s alright sweetheart. This is what you wanted, isn’t it? It’s what you chose, isn’t it? Maybe we should go again, would that help?”
Is that what Tony wanted? To take him home for a night, then pretend it had never happened? Or did he want something more than that? Earlier, he had said that Steve was his. Like he owned him. His property.
"Oh, I think you do. I tried to be nice to you, give you a little break. I left the cage off after we... Fuck it. After we made love the other night. Never thought I'd say that, only you could bring it out of me, sweetheart. But last night, I locked you up again, all nice and safe after I wrecked you for hours. And now you feel good again. I think you like it. I think you like it as much as I do, Steve. Want a reminder that I own you."
