John flushed. "Christ, I'm sorry. That's mortifying."
Sherlock gasped for breath. “Both,” he grunted, fondling John’s bollocks, a light smile playing at his lips. “I daresay there will be plenty.”
John flipped the top and drizzled some over both of their cocks. Sherlock let out a mewl of surprise and reached down to keep it from dripping off of him. "Better," John murmured. "Want to watch how you like it." He pressed a kiss to Sherlock's chest and watched as he picked up the rhythm again. "God, you're gorgeous," he crooned. "Those long, graceful fingers wrapped around your pretty cock." His own cock surged and he stroked it more firmly. "Look what watching you does to me. You're perfect."
It was the sexiest goddamn thing John had ever seen.
not a problem, because I don't share a bed with someone unless we're already having sex. Now can we
, shown mild interest in the
John shook his head, eyes swimming. “No. My dad was
John shot him a look. “We’re in no rush for you to leave, Molly. As Sherlock somewhat rudely pointed out, we’re not using that room.”
"Obviously," came the deep rumble.
Sherlock commanded his long fingers to squeeze John's firmly, reassuringly. They consented to fluttering lightly, but it was enough for John. "You're going to be fine. You're at St. Bart's, took a big tumble after the blast. You were acting like a loon and they were worried you were going to seriously injure your neck, so you've been sedated for a few days." Sherlock's upper lip pulled into a sneer and John chuckled. "I know, I know, but they're going to let you wake up now if you behave yourself. Rest up so you can read me the riot act later on."
They got in the shower together because Sherlock was convinced John was going to fall and break his neck in there. They rubbed shampoo into each other's hair and slipped soap over each other's bodies, and many sighs and giggles and kisses later, they were clean. As John tumbled into bed and Sherlock gracefully laid beside him, he asked the question that had been on his lips all evening. "Where did you learn to dance?"
, because it was illogical to feel threatened by a dead man, polyamoury is well within the spectrum of normal human sexuality, he knew John needed this, and it was the most John had spoken to him in weeks.
Molly scoffed, "Of course I would have!"
She also thought, in a part of her mind that she knew was not entirely rational, that if she waited for some fairytale perfect moment, some guy might get frustrated and hurt her again. Or she might decide that moment was not perfect enough, freeze up, and get hurt again without the guy even meaning to. Maybe it was better to take control, be the one to make the first move.
John swallowed guiltily. Of course he hadn't dreamed that Sherlock would fail to notice his wandering eyes, nor that he would fail to mention it, but he'd rather hoped Sherlock would wait until they were at home. "Do you think we could possibly discuss this later?"
Sherlock snagged a cloth from the bathroom and tossed it to Greg. "John likes your face as it is," he mused. He circled to sit behind John, kissing his shoulder and nibbling his neck. "I didn't know you found that arousing. You can come on my face anytime you like."
Sally's eyebrows raised in surprise and she crossed her arms. "Well, we were in a class together, so I saw him once right afterword. Saw him showing people that picture, so I never went back. Failed the bloody class. But then, about two years ago, we were working a money-laundering case, and Sherlock was helping. We walk into the bank and there he was. I had to recuse myself, said we were 'old friends' from uni." Sally smirked. "He
John’s eyes were wide, and a bit wetter than normal, and his hands were trembling slightly. He noticed and folded them together, cleared his throat. “Thank you, Sherlock.” Otherwise, the men sat in tense silence until they arrived at Baker St.
Molly nodded. "Yes. In my flat."
, John.” He raked his eyes over the rest of John’s body, lingering on the come that was dripping down his ribs. Moaning loudly, he swore and pumped into John frantically, feeling the orgasm building and then his whole body seized as it rushed through him. After the first, long pulse, Sherlock released a breath he hadn’t known he’d been holding, and he moved gently inside John, working himself through it as he gently pushed John’s legs to the side, leaning forward to kiss him sloppily for a moment before pushing himself back up with a contented sigh.
As Molly quaked around him, body arched as she keened in ecstasy, Sherlock gentled his thrusts. He looked up to see John circling Molly's peaked nipple with his tongue and heat spiked through his groin. He held Molly's hips and bit his lower lip as he rushed to meet his pleasure.
Then John tilted his head and deepened the kiss. Sherlock's breath caught for the smallest of seconds and then his hands were on John's collar, pulling him closer, urging him on, and they were
Sherlock shrugged as he tugged his collar back into place, covering nearly all of the marks. "No reason. It was entirely mutual." He rolled his eyes when John pressed the heels of his hands to his eyes. "Shall I just delete the whole thing, then?"
A long, comfortable silence fell between them, and Sherlock shifted through the data and emotions swirling inside him. The most important part was that they were all right. John was grieving, and he might keep on grieving, but he was going to be fine as well.
John was sucking at the head and squeezing a hand up and down Sherlock’s slippery shaft when he felt Sherlock’s body start to tense up, the cock in his mouth flexing as the first stirrings of Sherlock’s climax took hold. John immediately let go and backed off, giving him one last lick before crawling back up Sherlock to stretch his body out against his side. Propping his head up on his hand, he caressed Sherlock’s chest lightly, waiting as Sherlock’s respiration rate slowed. “OK?”
Now that he’d started explaining, he seemed unable to stop; Sherlock thought that he’d probably never spoken of any of this to anyone. “So I did. I smashed in his shop window and spraypainted slurs on his door, but he didn’t leave. Actually, he ended up with more business because of the news coverage.” He smiled ruefully. “Dad wasn’t pleased, said I hadn’t done enough. So I …” He finally fell silent. “Well, you read the reports.”
." Sherlock kept his eyes determinedly on the papers in front of him that John knew damn well he wasn't reading. He sighed. "I'm not a 1, you git."
Sherlock's stomach clenched at the way John's voice caressed the name, but he nodded encouragingly, taking another small sip.
Sherlock's eyes were dancing, although he was steadfastly keeping the amusement off his face. "Don't be tiresome, John. What are you into?"
His bow slowed again, and Sherlock's thoughts transitioned from rapid-fire dance to dizzy swirl. There was a lot of virtue in John and a certain
"You have," Sherlock breathed, biting John's collarbone as he rolled his hips hungrily. "God, you've been miles away." He worked his way back up John's neck and plundered his mouth again, moaning into it as John worked a hand between their bodies to wrap around them both. "Miles and miles, love." Sherlock's breath hitched in his throat as John twisted his fist around their heads with a different pressure. "I'm close already," he murmured into John's neck.
Sherlock tried to look nonchalant, but John could tell he was anxious. "By that definition, 227 men and 12 women. If we're only counting penetrative sex, far fewer; 88 men and 9 women."
He was just about to ask if John was OK when the man yawned, giggled, and said, “That was fucking intense, Sherlock. What happened to it being
Sherlock considered denying it, or brushing the question off. John would let him, wouldn't force the issue. But the truth was simple. "Because you deserve better."
Sherlock sniffed, listened some more, thought about the limp's significance. He snapped the laptop shut, snagged a text off the bookshelf, and settled into his chair with his tea to distract himself while he waited.
Sherlock looked over, smiled at Steve and then froze as his eyes slid over to John. After a moment, he continued over, his posture straightening and face shifting to its familiar cool indifference. John knew his face must look stricken; seeing Sherlock go back to his hard, icy persona was doing something weird to his insides. Sherlock approached them, shoulders stiff, neck straight. "Steve. John."
"Can' have you walkin' round' like that, can we?" The heat that flooded Sherlock's body had less to do with the hand on his cock than the fact that John had just honest-to-God teased him. He pulled John's boxer briefs down far enough to grasp his (mostly soft) prick. John squirmed a bit. "No, you don' need to. I can jus' bring you off, iss no big deal."
Sherlock wiggled impatiently. “Don’t be stupid. I want …” He wanted to be claimed, to be filled, to be taken, to be redeemed. He wanted frenzy, and chaos, and recklessness. “… I want all of it.” John would understand. He always did. Gripping the headboard, Sherlock pressed back as John slowly pushed inside of him, not stopping until pelvis met arse. He counted to 10, forced himself to wait to adjust, then nudged back against John to let him know it was OK to start.
sucked
Sally was staring down at Sherlock, kneeling at her feet. "You were bad yesterday."
John's gaze followed to his swollen erection and he smiled sadly. "Well, most people are idiots. Yours is big in a way that scratches all the right itches. Mine is more fun to look at than to actually use, most of the time."
Suddenly, John's arm was ripped out of Sherlock's hand, and he was flying, long arms and legs almost graceful for a moment before he was slammed back onto the concrete.
Sherlock's face warred with itself for a long moment before he began speaking. "No," he finally admitted. "I mean, yes, I know you think it was wrong of me to fellate--"
, Sherlock.” He pulled out, stroking himself roughly. “Do you want my come on your face or down your throat?”
Greg eyes moved down to John's huge cock looming over him and back to his murderous expression. "Manners," he agreed.
John shifted, kicking off his shoes and putting his feet in Sherlock’s lap so he’d rub his arches. “It would’ve been, if anyone had known. People suspected, but we were very careful. We had to be. After a few months, James started assigning other medics to the more dangerous missions. We had a huge row about it, our only one, really. He couldn’t stand the thought of sending me into danger, and I knew I’d never survive the guilt if one of the other medics had been wounded or killed. And that, disrupting missions, is the kind of shit that ends in court marshals and lockup. People were starting to notice. We needed to break things off, we actually tried, but we just couldn’t keep it up. We were both miserable. We saw each other every day but we didn’t talk, and we missed each other desperately. After about two weeks, I went out and very nearly got hit, and that was the end of us pretending we could be apart.”
She felt confused, and scared, and lost. Hugging her legs, chin resting on her knees, she reached for her phone, and tapped out a message to John.
John paused suddenly, and Sherlock realized what was coming. “And then everything fell apart.”
. John let out a strangled noise from the back of his throat and canted his hips, rubbing himself between Sherlock's cheeks. He reached up to grab the lush cheeks in front of him, running a thumb under the string of his thong and murmuring. "Gonna come all over this pretty arse, paint it with my come, your knickers are going to be so filthy because this arse is
Sherlock laughed, tipping his head forward, "Mmm, no. More like fresh cut grass." He tipped forward more, brushing his lips lightly against John's jaw, tracing the path his thumb had taken. John held very still, trying to keep his breathing normal as Sherlock brushed his lips slowly over his. "Feels like Deep Heat," Sherlock whispered, brushing back and forth across his lips with a soft smile.
John gave him a long look and shook his head. "Mood's shot for tonight, I'm afraid. Try me again after you find the kidnapper tomorrow."
! You know what, fuck you both," he said, as Molly and Sherlock shook with laughter. His eyes dipped to her bouncing breasts and Sherlock bent over in a new fit of giggles. "Do you mind putting a shirt on, please?"
Hands unclasped her lacy bra and fingers pinched her nipples into taut peaks as Molly squirmed. Suddenly the fingers were gone, replaced by a warm mouth that was sucking and scraping and lapping. The mouth disappeared and her trousers were being tugged down. Then ... nothing, for nearly a full minute. The anticipation was delicious. Had Sherlock called him off? She strained with her ears but couldn't make out any useful information. Then fingertips were flirting at the top seam of her thong, and a biting kiss warmed her neck. When Molly was making happy noises and squirming a bit, the fingers at her pelvis swept up her body, and an affectionate kiss was pressed to her lips.
Sherlock got farther this time, and paused when he started to gag. John rubbed his shoulder. "That's it, gorgeous. Now try to yawn." Suddenly, Sherlock's head closed forward a few inches, until his protruding tongue was tickling the base of Greg's cock.
before we finally got together,” John admitted between licks and sucks and nips at the bony ridge. “You and those tight, never-fully-buttoned shirts. I saw flashes of your collarbone from time to time and I’d get this really strong urge to mark you there.”
John pressed a soft kiss to his lips, and settled down into his pillow, enjoying the secure weight his chest. "Me too, love."
Sherlock cut in. "He had the advantage over you on height, weight, and sobriety. He made sure you were tipsy enough to be unable to fight him off. Look how he injured you when you merely tried to pull away and promised to contact him the following day. He was making a power play, letting you know that he was in control and that he could easily overpower you. If you'd continued to fight, your injuries would have been much worse, and you still would have been raped. Your nervous system made the right call."
John smiled his way.
Sherlock froze, clearing his throat before grabbing the plate of pasta —
He rarely had guests.
He smiled to himself and let his eyes roam noticeably around the room once more, utterly overwhelmed by how very at home he felt in the small square of space, having only stood inside it for a matter of seconds.
Sherlock whirled to face him, split bottom lip close to trembling, jaw even darker now, eyes wide and shocked, figure tense and entirely untrusting. It pained John to observe him in such a state — the confident, lanky, chemistry-loving Sherlock Holmes reduced to a shivering mess of bruised limbs and bones, brutal hands having sentenced him to a state of utter peril — John wanted to kill,
“Sounds like her,” John scoffed, “I don’t think she thinks about much else other than sex and tits.”
"I'm fine," he mumbled, readjusting his bag straps before stepped forwards and around John, only to feel a hand grip his shoulder, sending him into a nearly violent flinch, his entire body tensing for what his mind shouted as,
“I know who you are,” He uttered, sighing as if she were boring him, or, merely, annoying.
“So,” John blinked, frowned, smiled and shrugged a shoulder, leaning forwards in his chair, a moment of silence passing by before he swallowed and glanced back up, “you’re
“Why not?” The rugby captain asked curiously, lifting his carton for another sip of chocolate milk.
sorry, mate,” the boy chuckled, placing a comforting hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, a warm smile alighting his worn expression, “Couldn’t see over the top of the box.”
brilliant? He was a dancing genius, clever and graceful, soft and yet firm in the best of ways, and both clandestine and vulnerable: perfect in John’s eyes.
things — and I didn’t even
Sherlock felt a soft pressure at the forefront of his lips and he parted them instantly, and
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut;
“Why?” She asked, a hint of desperation twisting her soft features.
, something completely different from who he
Because no, it wasn’t true.
Sherlock inwardly winced, clearing his throat and bobbing his head once, firmly, before arching a brow at Victor’s smug expression, waiting expectantly for an answering remark.
If Sherlock blushed, John didn't notice.
His heart raced as he stared into those shimmering kaleidoscopes, so open and innocent that it made John’s heart physically hurt — how could anyone ever show this beautiful creature an inch of contempt? John glanced down with a smile and swayed closer to the boy, until the both of them were moving from side to side in rhythm.
“I know, John.”
John H. Watson: Hungry Heart by Bruce Springsteen is a superior song now. I’m not taking any criticism. Thank you.
John smiled at the memory, recollecting how Harry had always made scrapbooks for Dad to take with him whenever he left for service - it was tradition for her. But then, of course, she’d come out as gay and Dad hadn't taken it too well.
This would always be his favorite part. Not the videos, not likes, not the number of views, but the people; the people who commented on his new content right away and followed him on Twitter whenever he mentioned he had one. Those were his highlights, things he looked forward to. The fact that there were real people out there who looked up to him, who he inspired, who relied on him; that was the best part, that was the most amazing feeling.
John smirked and shook his head, “No, I’d just be on a date with the moon.”
“He does?” He asked softly, quietly, as though it wasn’t something he should be asking, as though any minute someone would shove him from behind, laugh, and say,
, he was screwing himself over and he knew it — yet he stayed, and stayed, and
Sherlock felt a twinge of envy at the way she was looking John up and down with turquoise eyes, so much so that he allowed it to encompass the whole of his previous urge, jealousy replacing lust, in such a way that he found himself thankful — had he
John beamed and looked down at the green grass beneath their cleats, letting out a soft breath of air and shrugging a single shoulder, effortlessly turning to his friend and nodding, once, stating a firm, “Yeah. Yeah, I do.”
And he wanted to tell him so, storm out of the cafe without so much of an explanation, stand where he sat and yell how about how much of an idiot John was for thinking him friend material, shout and kick and shriek about how, in the end, John would leave — just like everyone else did. Just like his mother did when he was born, just like his father did when that Lorry came out of nowhere, just like Mycroft did when he found there was nothing worth staying in London for anymore.
Now he was waking up in a strange room, in a far-too-large bed, disorientated and uncomfortable, without the soft feeling of Redbeard’s fur between his fingers. And, unlike in District Twelve, this morning wasn’t quiet.
: you’re my moon
Question number two was most definitely intriguing.
Slowly, but surely, Sherlock sunk back into his previous position and the tissue made contact once more with the corner of his bottom lip, soaking up the newly shed blood with ease as John dabbed it gently across the plush pink shape of his mouth. The dirty blonde lifted his eyes to Sherlock’s and found that he was being watched with a look so intense he almost felt entirely unclothed, bare before the eyes of the genius he’d grown so very fond of. Unreadable shades and hues met John’s ocean irises and for a moment everything was forgotten — it was merely Sherlock Holmes, one many believed to be a lost cause, but one John believed to be
Victor hummed and moved his plush, pink lips down to Sherlock’s jaw, nipping lightly, tongue dancing against his pale skin.
“Well,” Greg smirked, arching a brow, “Had you?”
Sherlock’s heartbeat fluttered, “Okay.”
“What’s happened?” John snapped, gazing straight through Sherlock, brows furrowed, nostrils flaring, fists clenching and unclenching, a niche John had picked up, a small tick that revealed itself whenever he became increasingly furious.
“Oh.”
: excuse you, Jenny B. Only party poopers don’t appreciate a good ship.
“Sherlock,” John stated, loud and earnest, “you can trust me.”
John felt a grin stretch across his features as he shut the refrigerator door and settled instead for tea, clicking the switch to the kettle and watching as the water within began to boil and bubble, “What?”
And bloody
“Ready to order?” She smiled widely, glancing at the two of them.
He'd tried once. He'd grabbed his old, worn down, green backpack, shoved some bread and cheese into it, stalked out into the woods, snatched up his bow and arrow from its hiding place within the hollow of a fallen tree, and ran. He ran and didn't once look back; he just left – as quickly as a finger snap, he left.
“I take it Mummy was a sappy mess,” Mycroft stated, so very nonchalantly, as though her sobbing all over Sherlock’s cheeks and shoulders was ridiculous and utterly unnecessary.
“I have?” John swallowed and turned away, glancing down at his untouched lunch tray and frowning in thought.
None of it mattered anymore, couldn’t they see? Because
Sherlock swallowed the knot in his throat, took a deep breath and exhaled it shakily, “Surely they’d have killed him if he had.”
Siger glanced over his shoulder at him, took a hearty sip of his drink and hummed, a malicious smirk spreading wide across his face as he began walking towards Sherlock, of whom stood frozen still, swallowing and watching his socked feet with renewed interest.
It did, and Sherlock
Molly smiled timidly and nodded, slipping away and back into the dressing room to remove the dress, sliding the curtain across behind her.
Perhaps he was losing it — they had all predicted it anyway, everyone he’d ever known; they’d all said he’d go mad, psychotic, lose the part of his brain that told him just enough to help keep him on his feet. He supposed it was alright now, thought, that he’d lost the plot, let the monkey’s loose — John Watson had been his sanity after all. And now his sanity was buried six feet deep beneath sand, and dirt and bits of grass, all tangled up in roots, wiry wooden ropes holding his coffin to the Earth, suffocating the entirety of who he was and who he would never be again.
John swallowed and looked down, thinking his words over in his head. Christ, he was entirely right and it made John completely and utterly sick to his stomach. He hated it — he hated that there were so many things in this bloody life that could so easily break the cleverest, and most amazing, of people. Sherlock had somehow drawn the short straw on who gets chosen for life’s mental lashings. But fuck it — John would just have to make sure nothing else cracked that mosaic any further, that nothing stopped the artist from finishing his masterpiece.
Molly dropped her hands from her hips and let her jaw hang open, feigning utter astonishment, "Nice? That's the best you can do?"
“How far are you lot on your Romeo and Juliet papers?” Molly piped up in between bites of her horrid display of food, arching a brow and looking genuinely curious.
The detective swallowed, throat protesting, scratchy and sore, and allowed himself a shrug, heading into the kitchen and sweeping over towards the fridge, eyes darting rapidly back and forth, landing on some of the few edible items that had managed to survive expiration. Wrapped leftovers tucked snugly in the front, within reasonable sight — Ms. Hudson
"You know," She shrugged, turning to look back at him, frowning at his confused expression, "what if all the districts just decide to stop watching? If no one watches, they don't have a game, right?"
and it was driving Sherlock
— that’s what he needed.
Lady White @
It’s practically nauseating,” Sherlock insisted, slamming his body back against the cushioned car seat as they drove along the busy, traffic-light lit London roads.
"How about dress advice for boy advice?"
“No one wants you here, freak,” he barely heard Sebastian shout from above him before a hand was gripping his curls and yanking his chin upwards, giving the brute better access to his ear, so he could finish, lowly and callously, “don’t bother coming to the next one.”
“People don’t like me,” Sherlock stated, uncaring as to how it sounded; whether it came out bitterly, sadly, angrily – he didn’t care. It was the truth – it was fact.
Abigail W. @
John blinked at her, and then scowled, "I'm not a bloody idiot," He snapped, "What do you want anyway?"
, well. You know.”
And then, Sherlock shrugged, effortlessly, as if he didn’t care, as if it didn’t matter, his shoulders rising and falling with practiced ease, and he lifted a hand to his curls, ruffling them about in an attempt to look casual — though John saw it as anxious. He chewed on the inside of his cheek as he waited for Sherlock to say something —
With a nod, Sherlock did.
Mycroft lifted his head and sighed, “Humans are no different from animals. If you can shoot a rabbit, surely you can shoot a tribute.”
When he turned to his left, he saw Harriet crying, bags beneath her red-rimmed eyes, far from sober, nose scarlet and hair greasy. Unkempt. Because that was John’s job. He was supposed to take care of them all. He was supposed to call Harry and be sure she kept on the mend, he was supposed to ask her how she was doing, push her to go out and meet women, invite her over for tea.
life, he finally felt a single, mere, microscopic ounce of hope.
John followed, grabbing his own things and shoving his tray into the trashcan beside their table, before moving to stand beside Sherlock, with eager ocean eyes, “So let me be the first. To watch you. As
: you’re punny. I respect that.
In the meantime, he reopened his and Sherlock’s box of messages, and began his reply.
“Look, it’s just an offer, you know?” The rugby captain shrugged again, and let out a soft laugh, “You can always decline, but if you do come out, maybe we could hang after?”
He closed his eyes and forgot; forgot about his stupid crush on John Watson, forgot about the words spat at him from the mouths of pathetic jocks, forgot about the weight and force of his uncle’s hand.
?” He uttered, blinking towards the ground before lifting his head and facing the boy once more, a similar, heated anger in his gaze as he braced himself for the worst. He felt the eyes of surrounding students turn his way, until it seemed as though the entirety of the corridor had fixed its attention on his lanky form and Wilkes’ devilish sneer.
channel. John watched nervously, biting the inside of his cheek as all his friends practically piled over James and his mobile, eyes narrowed and brows furrowed curiously. It was quiet for a few moments before Sholto spoke up once more, scoffing rather loudly and glancing over at John with a sharp, leering smirk.
: #BEEFACE
Sherlock froze where he was scooping up one of the last remaining noodles, and lifted his bright ethereal eyes to John’s own, his brow furrowing and his tongue peaking out quickly to run over his bottom lip.
Sherlock smirked and ducked his head down, sliding into the passenger side of the car and watching as John shut the door behind him, snaked around the back of the vehicle and hopped in the driver’s seat beside him.
Regardless, however, John waited — he would always wait — and simply turned back to the road, following the traffic out of the busy, over-populated area, and back onto calmer streets.
Molly, of course, was eager to read as Juliet, and she’d urged him from the desk beside his to “
Gay May @
Point, step, leap, twirl. John, John,
"I laughed my arse off mate," Mike chuckled, slapping John on the back, and beaming brightly at him as he strode across the small space, turning to hunch over his shoes.
John chuckled and reached over to his passenger side door, clicking it unlocked and watching carefully as Sherlock jogged over and yanked it open, sliding in with an unpleasant squelching of wet clothes against leather. He was a bundle of shivers as soon as he closed the vehicle behind him, arms huddled and hugging his bag, backpack squished beneath his back and the car seat, teeth chattering and fingers trembling.
Sherlock spun, and spun and spun and spun, his body whirling, and his mind following suit, emotions clattering against the forefront of his brain with every spin, flailing, shattering loose, as though the very dance was breaking the mask, breaking the walls, letting it all tumble outward.
Sherlock blinked and glanced at Lestrade and Molly, Greg grinning unashamedly, teeth and all, and Molly hiding a knowing smile behind the palm of her hand, brought up to cover her pink lips — what the bloody hell did they know that he didn’t?
Ignore the blue eyes that were practically mini oceans – withholding so much mystery, so much wonder, so much unknown and unshed beauty. Ignore the shape of those plush lips, and the curve of those rugby trained calves, and the joyous harmony of that laugh, or the sun stroked surface of that blonde hair, or that – oh, for fuck’s sake.
"What could you possibly have to say to me right now, Mycroft?" Sherlock snapped at the man, eyes burning in frustration, his desire to growl and scream all at once not going unnoticed by the being next to him.
The week began to pass with enormous speed, the weight of another weekend resting atop Sherlock’s nimble shoulders as Wednesday afternoon found him strolling into the local ballet studio, sighing irritably to himself with the amount of persuading he’d had to partake in simply to have the place for a mere hour. The owner was snippy and Russian and had a head full of red curls, and had stared him down with scarily blue eyes before allowing him entry, if only he promised to pay a minor fee and clean the bathrooms. He’d been about to decline, but the thought of waiting yet
He reached for his pen, uncapping it and quickly scribbling the song’s name into the appropriate column, smiling softly to himself, rather proud to have found such an invigoratingly new sound. It was because of this, and the fact that his phone’s volume was turned to max, that he didn’t hear the name calling out for him, only finally realizing and looking up unnaturally quick when the person who was in need of his attention tapped lightly on his shoulder.
This was a
He glanced at her, eyes wide and fearful and slowly but surely nodded his head, curls bouncing.
But Sherlock had pushed all of that to the back of his mind, and instead stared, and continued to stare now, as they drove, at John — at his eyes, at his lips, at his blonde and bronze colored hair, at the way his tongue peeked out whenever he was concentrating on a turn here or a traffic light there, at the way the fingers of his hand gripping the steering wheel still danced from time to time with the slow beat of the radio’s humming, tapping against the leather and into Sherlock’s heart, like the pied-piper himself.
“How,” She began again, clearing her throat, “How are you, Sherlock?”
’?” John asked uncertainly, watching as Sherlock shrugged a shoulder.
“God damn it, Sherlock,” He snapped, running a hand up and over his blonde hair, no longer damp from his shower, “you are
He was fine with that.
John dropped his jaw playfully and scoffed, “You
It was comfortable, sitting together on John’s bed, legs crossed, shoes abandoned on the floor whilst John pointed at his posters and explained their relevance, whilst he laughed and smiled at Sherlock with that gentle curve of his lips, that light reveal of white teeth. The boy before him was a sight so beautifully built as he sat there, with all his golden hair and ocean infused irises, discussing, thoroughly and passionately, something he loved, something he cherished. And Sherlock couldn’t help but long for, his heart fluttering a the very thought, John to talk about him in that way, with a gleam in his eye, and those pink lips drawn into a purely happy grin.
Sherlock could feel Sebastian’s eyes on him, breaking his skin, heavy and blazing, and he quickly moved to tuck his notebook away and into his backpack. “Then process elsewhere.”
The detective felt his fingers tapping anxiously against his thigh, body shivering, blood going cold with every word that left Molly’s mouth, heart hammering against its bodily prison.
“John!” He scoffed, grinning to himself and blushing down at his hands, of which were resting limply atop his lap, his heart thumping rapidly, the very organ overwhelmed by just how much he adored the boy across the table.
“Other than Sholto being a right dick,” John shrugged, rolling his eyes in irritable amusement, “its been pretty damn good.” He turned to look at Sherlock as he said the words, and the genius lifted his head timidly, a smile stretching those plump, plush pink lips. John shivered.
John smiled warmly and sighed, “What took us so long then?”
“Bathroom pass,” John shrugged, glancing over at him with a shy smile, “You didn’t show up to class so I worried.”
Rolling his eyes, John grunted out a sharp, “
“I’m sure there’s someone out there far more deserving,” John uttered, unable to remove his gaze.
He needed to gain control over himself. He was over thinking things, reading far too deeply into the unnecessary – his far too large brain was spitting ideas at him and it needed to stop. He was Sherlock Holmes – logic and sense both served as his specialties. But now? Now, he had been reduced to a simple boy of irrational fears and speculations. Control, control, control.
” That person everyone found that completed them like the last piece of a puzzle or the other half of a sandwich or the jam tucked inside of a Jammie Dodger. He’d never believed in finding someone he’d find himself lost without, find himself missing all the time, find himself wanting to say all the things he found cute about his nose or the soft highlights in his hair or the way he looked in rugby shorts. And yet, here he was, going as far as to stare at John and think, ‘yep, he’s my destiny.’
Chris R. @
If Sherlock was being frank, if he was being entirely honest, he’d been an idiot. No, actually he’d been at Anderson levels of stupidity. He hadn’t taken the proper precautions, hadn’t turned his back from the door, out of view, hadn’t even thought to lock it, assuming he’d be done and out in no time; he certainly hadn’t expected John to act chivalrous right then and there of all times but hell — he should’ve known. Chivalry isn’t
No. He was alone, well and truly.
“Guess who just scored in the library,” Wilkes grinned wickedly, pointing his thumbs at himself and cackling under his breath, low and unsettling.
Sherlock didn’t speak; he lifted his head and glanced at her, frowning, before resuming his proper thinking position, listening to her sigh in frustration and scurry into the kitchen once more, dunking her hands into the sink and going about scrubbing a week old amount of dirty dishes. Her company was one he had no control over — she hurried in whenever she liked, regardless of what he was busy doing, declaring it her rightful act for the day, checking in to see if he was still functioning; she’d like to think she did it for him, making him eat, sleep, drink, but really it was to settle her own nerves, her own worries, her deep, dark, concerns for whether or not he was really, truly still alive — Sherlock saw it in the downturn of her fragile, pink lips, in the bags beneath her eyes, in the addition of several new wrinkles.
I am not leaving this thing half done and leaving you all hanging.
“Sher—“
New, brand new, unfamiliar face; modest clothing, inexpensive,
"Well you can't blame him," Molly stopped flipping through hangers and turned to him, crossing her arms and biting her lip in thought, "I'm sure with how most people treat him he doesn't necessarily take to strangers."
: Honestly, I’m a huge fan of theballetbee and I’m totally okay with this hashtag. I think it’s awesome what you did John, shouting him out like that, and its sparked something wonderful in your fans that people are talking about!
me, now that you know I’m not some surreal, untouchable being; the magic is gone.”
They were saluting her, wishing her luck, raising their fingers in recognition.
Molly turned to him just slightly and shrugged a small, bony shoulder, "Well, apparently he looks at you and picks up on little details no one would really think to notice, ya know?"
this was going to end in disaster for the
Emily Jacobs @
John scowled down at his feet, choosing to watch their upward motion as he walked rather than the boy next to him, "He doesn't seem like a freak to me."
Yes. I updated. And can I just start by how sorry I am?
At the mention of those two idiotic lovers, Sherlock felt his face heat up once again with shame, the thoughts of that morning’s dream rising to his attention, and he carefully avoided John’s eyes as he scoffed softly to himself, “Really?”
But his mind quickly slid on to another issue, another matter that took hold of that happy heart and squeezed it tight, unsure of whether or not to drag it down, or up even further. Sherlock Holmes was this great big
"You ready?" Molly asked, her voice hushed as though she were attempting to whisper, but remained unsure of herself.
. Not only did he have the opportunity to hang out with the boy that was slowly becoming his best friend, but he also got to spend time with
After she left, a knock at the door saved him from the insufferable silence of the small room he was waiting in, all on his own, locked in a metaphoric box with his mind and his imagination, an imagination of which was suddenly filled with images of his death, of him dying, over and over and over again.
And with a wink, she disappeared out of the studio.
John watched as Carl glared momentarily before he turned to Greg in both surprise and curiosity, “He does?”
“I think he goes here,” John couldn't help himself from admitting, and he watched carefully as Molly stopped in her tracks, turning to face him with an arched brow.
Sherlock scoffed and shook his head, “No. Of course not. He made the decision to break up with me rather than force me into anything. Thankfully.”
“Watson,” The light haired boy snickered his way, giving John a few light pats on the back before sliding into the empty seat beside him, jabbing a pointed thumb in the direction of Mike Stamford, of whom was laughing hysterically as he sat beside a very busy Sebastian Moran, the idiot doodling what appeared to be male genitalia in the corner of the classroom’s whiteboard.
was not a good idea; in fact, it was
Harriet giggled to herself, high-pitched squeaks that always reminded John of a dog's toy, and closed the door behind her, but not before yelling teasingly out, loud and clear, "Behave yourselves!"
“Christ, Molly!” He laughed out, his arms stuck where they were, her embrace far too secure for him to even attempt a hug back.
Sherlock slowed and landed on his feet, chest heaving with exhaustion, mind at ease, fingers trembling just slightly as he caught his breath, moving to run a swift hand through his sweat soaked curls.
At that, he turned back around and unlocked his dormitory, kicking the door open with his foot and glancing over his shoulder at the new boy.
“Harry,” John began, and reached out, his palm hovering over the small of Sherlock’s lower back, just resting there, lightly, nearly touching the thin material of his baggy jumper, “This is Sherlock.”
Video Description:
Sherlock shook his head frantically and whimpered, grasping at Victor's shoulders and biting his lip, hard enough to draw blood, "I," He began, inhaling shakily, "I can't."
There was no room for uniqueness, no room for difference or specialty. And that's why Sherlock was such an outcast. A cruel, cruel thing.
: I watched it too — I’ll never be the same again
: let your gay breathe John, I can see it in you
“You are terribly uncultured, John.”
: what a cutie (both of you)
“Just ask him out already,” John scoffed, quirking a short smirk before tossing his own bag beside the team’s bench.
John instantly flew forward, snatching Sebastian Wilkes up by his rugby jersey and slamming the boy in the lockers next to him, growling angrily as he stared into his team members eyes, his own burning with rage, his lips curving downward in utter loathing.
“Because you’re a YouTuber.”
“Says he has
In three minutes, he could sing his favorite song.
Why was he so determined to know? Why couldn't he just leave it alone?
, was that a terrifying thought. He’d known Sherlock Holmes,
Maybe because everything about his life, at that moment, felt entirely
“You sure?” John pushed, brows furrowing.
Sherlock then turned to John, watching as the dirty-blonde grabbed for the remaining apple atop his tray and turned to grasp his backpack, unzipping the front pocket and sliding the fruit inside. He then faced Sherlock, a smile gracing those plush lips, tan expression kind and gentle, eyes careful and warm, as he lifted a hand to fix where his hair had been shuffled to the side.
Turns out Sherlock really didn’t understand.
, waiting, naturally, until the boy had stifled his laughter to ask, “What about you?”
Greg Lestrade glanced over at John’s clenched jaw and cleared his throat, sliding Sholto’s mobile across the desk and back in front of the judgmental idiot of a human being. “I thought he was alright,” He added, shrugging one shoulder and swallowing thickly as both John and James turned their full attention towards him.
: can ya tell us the story of your day?
He met Wilkes’ eyes and the two of them held one another’s gaze, unblinking, unmoving, unflinching — Sebastian was the first to look away, and John considered it an even greater victory than that of their rugby match.
With a somewhat wonky smile, John let out a relived puff of air and stared gratefully at his sister, watching her own grin rise across her face as she sent him a nod of finality — a simple bob of her head that told him she would never betray his trust, that told him his words were safe with her, that told him his little secret would be only their knowledge and theirs alone.
Sherlock titled his head just slightly, eyes narrowing in curiosity, at the way John referred to his own alternate self as though he were another person entirely.
” over his shoulder, his heart nearly bursting with utter delight — Sherlock was here, he was
“You could come get it, you know!” Harry spat out, and then, softly, more quietly, mumbled, "Lazy arse.”
Sherlock gazed over at him with wide eyes, as though John’s confidence in his singing abilities was astounding, before his shocked expression turned into one of utter hilarity, his mask breaking and a heavy laugh emanating from those perfectly sculpted lips, bright and deep in tone, melodious and everything John wanted to hear for the rest of his life.
John arched a brow in confusion, "What?"
He met the rugby captain’s eyes and was surprised to find a somewhat sad look there, John’s expression soft and glum, features narrowed and brows furrowed, lips pursed and shoulders hunched forward, the entirety of his figure attentive and serious, as though the words Sherlock was saying were nothing short of
TW: suicide attempt
Sherlock groaned, his satchel wedged between the weight of a, noticeably, rather fit boy and his own unmovable figure, along with a sizable cardboard box, a slab of which looked like a Smiths record quite close to his face as it remained the last vinyl not to fall from the boy’s move-in boxes — a miracle really.
Much love and all the best.
“I’m glad you think so,” The rugby captain grinned and the two of them reached for their car doors, stepping out into the frigid London breeze, icy with the ever approaching winter. John made his way over to Sherlock’s side and shut the door for him, biting his lip shyly before lifting a hand towards the front doors of the small restaurant, and allowing Sherlock to walk in first.
Sherlock allowed himself a single giggle, before he sighed and clicked the button atop his phone to lock its screen, turning to place it gently into his duffle bag, only to hear and feel it vibrate one final time.
how you make people like you.”
And he thought he’d prepared himself with the aspects of “parties,” attending them as a child and remembering how terribly hateful they were, but as John led him, with a careful hand on his elbow, towards the front door of a rather tall, modestly well-off white house, he could feel that dreadful swell in his gut — the very same swirling, twisting, pulling, aching tug that told him he was about to walk into unknown territory, his brain yelling that this was a
“I wore a tie to your burial,” Sherlock slurred, arching a lazy brow and sighing thickly.
John followed in their tracks, but lifted his head to gaze at the dining hall doors Sherlock had not long ago entered and exited through. So much mystery around one single person and John was entirely entranced. Sherlock Holmes was like the mystery novels John’s mother read to him as a kid — jam-packed with hidden romance and nervous interactions and action that served to take your mind through a loop of perplexity and obscurity. John was entirely prepared to purchase such a book.
they were chatting about.
, he was madly in love with John Watson.
Sherlock’s eyes flickered to meet hers for a moment before returning to where they were before, blinking as he swallowed and sighed silently to himself, admiring the boy of whom was the current topic of discussion.
John let out a snort, “Coach the
, he mused,
He couldn’t help but feel an imaginary rift sliding between the two of them and he would curse Sebastian for all eternity because of what he’d done — John had been making
you guys are ridiculous
Harry snorted, "So simple-minded."
Sherlock had hated it. He’d never done anything to deserve a celebration, other than being born. But even his birthday hardly called for much mirth or joy; his mother and father invited over distant relatives, his obnoxious younger cousins included, and mostly spent the night sipping cocktails with Uncle Siger and his fling for the weekend. It was practically laughable — and it, not once, felt as though it were something in Sherlock’s honor.
was anymore — and the very thought was both exciting and increasingly worrying.
John H. Watson: New video tomorrow, mates. x
John’s cheeks reddened and he let out a crazed giggle, the sound high-pitched and shameful, and he quickly glanced downwards and tossed his head up and down as confirmation, whilst he snickered out a soft, “Right, okay.”
He bit his lip hard as he practically sprinted to his next class, half of him heavy with regret, the other grasping on to some form of self-pride. He shouldn't have even said anything. He never should have said anything.
, that is.”
She simply shrugged a shoulder and shoved him gently to the side, “No worries. We just need to keep digging.”
“Won’t happen, Harry,” John scoffed, shaking his head and beaming warily her way, hoping she got it through her head — he wouldn’t let this place change him, nor its residents. This was an opportunity of a lifetime. He was here to learn, to play rugby, and to excel. Nothing else.
Sherlock swallowed, shrugged a shoulder and then shyly cleared his throat, “Tea, maybe?”
Sherlock inhaled sharply, unable to look away from John’s curious expression, “Are they?”
“I don’t need
He scoffed internally to himself, a smirk spreading across the whole of his expression as he considered his options.
Gosh, I'm sorry!
Sherlock scoffed and dropped his eyes to the table, swallowing thickly and shrugging, “Not much to tell, really. My parents were rather posh. If we went anywhere, it was to big gatherings at art museums or business meetings at my father’s place of work.”
“You can borrow some of my clothes, yeah?” The rugby captain added with a smile, to which his friend beside him nodded, and he pressed harder on the pedal, moving the vehicle at a far more productive speed as they cruised through the waterlogged city.
John’s head flew upwards instantly and Molly helped to guide his chin in the proper direction, and, without a doubt, there he was, back pressed against the bark of a small tree behind several parents sat in their unfolded chairs, a black jumper keeping him warm and skin tight jeans hugging his thighs. He looked ethereal, those chocolate curls displaced in the wind, his complexion so pale he was nearly a ghostly white.
They both stared at each other in the small, quiet space of Mike’s guest bathroom; the booming of the music downstairs could be faintly heard within the four walls they occupied but it was dulled and faint and John could hear Sherlock’s every intake of breath, the way he sniffled slightly with the cold chill of the indoor air against the dampness of his clothing.
Sherlock’s mouth twitched in an attempt to form a mostly hidden smirk before he fiddled with his lighter once more, the cigarette in his mouth drooping pitifully in its wet state. “Dirty laundry,” He mumbled.
Abigail W. @
Bunny @
John had brought along
okay come on, the brunette is definitely gay
He felt himself blush as he carried on in his observations, spotting the microphone and camcorder stand sat propped up beside John’s desk; he took note of the — also navy — curtains blocking the bright, afternoon sun from blinding the both of them, and the many paper images stuck to the walls a bit arbitrarily, a photograph of a man holding tight to a gun, an explosion bellowing out from behind him, a picture of the Beatles, looking iconic and poised, and several other faces and bodies that Sherlock hardly recognized. John’s room was warm, just like John, and each and every detail, no matter how intricate, was not overbearing — his neatness was not overdone, but simply comfortable and respectable, things folded how they should be, items not far from their original place, a stray empty bottle of water here and there, and a few used glasses, only adding to the character of the room.
Sherlock froze, and then, almost instantly, turned a bright, tomato red.
“I don’t get an answer then?” John smiled, itching the back of his neck and then leaning forward to take a rather small bite of his school lunch.
Sherlock simply looked away, staring down at his hands, gazing blankly at his white fingers, so bony and slender – skeleton-like. He didn’t want to act. He didn’t want to play a role. Not for the people of the Capitol – not for the people that were the reason he was a tribute in the first place.
Sherlock flicked his hand in a dismissive gesture whilst watching John grab his copy of Romeo and Juliet and his rather large history book, obviously for whatever homework he had assigned over the weekend, “You used all those horrid techniques.”
was the one who'd approached
Piano.
“Oh, please,” John snorted, staring the genius down with a look of utter disbelief, mouth twitching smugly at the corners, “Have you seen yourself,
Thank you! x
advice?"
John smiled somewhat shyly at the group of them, all watching him with intent, before clearing his throat and lifting a discreet finger to the back of the mysterious boy’s head, “Who’s that?”
“Can I help you,
“What do people normally say?”
“Another lie.”
Smirking, Sherlock grabbed for his notebook and reached down, sliding it into his backpack behind his other things, and securing it safely from view. When he lifted himself back up, he met John’s eyes instantly – blue sapphires watching him curiously, narrowing in observant amusement, the corner of John’s lips quirked up just slightly.
of them.
He reached for his backpack, and got to his feet,  “They don’t watch
now has a twitter and this is cause for a celebration, don’t even fight me on that. GO FOLLOW!
Instead of another defensive response, all John heard was
Sherlock smirked and glanced at him, “Ah, yes, but
The corner of John’s lips quirked up before he turned to Sherlock, sending the brunette’s heart racing, leg beginning to shake anxiously beneath the lunch table, his eyes transfixed by the bright light of the boy’s smile, the shimmer of those rippling oceans.
The three of them busted into a fit of chuckles while Sherlock watched on, his nerves settling slightly as the exchange remained eerily friendly, Sholto ignoring the very fact that he was there and Moran only merely glancing at him from time to time.
“Sherlock,” John breathed out, closing his eyes for a moment to calm his edged nerves, his thumping heart, the excitement pumping through his veins. He moved his hand from the boy’s shoulder to his elbow, tugging slightly in an attempt to turn the genius around.
Actually, Sherlock's pretty sure John Watson isn't aware of his existence.
He watched her wipe her hands on her skirt and saunter over to the flat door, her small hands slapping the handle angrily and her eyes fixing themselves on his silent position, glaring, burning through him, so much so he actually felt the smallest, shortest pang of shame — for making her worry, for working her so hard, for adding those extra wrinkles.
“Like
With a sigh of relief, glad to have another dance crossed off his infamous list, he crossed the studio floor, detached his camcorder, folded up his tripod, snatched up his phone, and grabbed for his duffle, reaching down to pull out his discarded shirt, wiping across his bare chest and face, before putting his things away.
He swallowed and looked down nervously, heart hammering in his chest — he just hoped the scholarship that got him in here didn’t make anyone treat him differently. Sure, he didn’t have a father who paid for all his schooling or five luxury cars in his own personal garage or the limo that dropped him off at class, nor the butler who did his laundry —
Comments (405)…
“He’s a widowed gardener, suffering from the recent commencement of his Alzheimers,” Sherlock stated, loud and clear, and began walking once more, head held high, a smirk tugging at one corner of his lips.
Siger was right. He was late. But that's what happens when you're eager to film a new video in the school's ballet studio and the walk home takes thirty minutes.
Sherlock stood at John’s side whilst the boy stepped forwards, glancing at Sherlock and flashing a small grin — comforting and genuine — as he let out a chuckle and beamed at what Sherlock could only deduce as his sister, “Hey, Harry.”
do this.
“And what’s that? What do you have?” John whispered, voice breaking with raw emotion, so much so that Sherlock could see the sadness in his features without even turning to look.
Sherlock quickly nodded and took the hand held out to him, grasping it tightly and reveling in the warmth beneath John’s palm, skin on skin practically throwing Sherlock’s mind into a rampage of excitement, nervousness, and desperate desire. He lifted himself up, with John’s help, and shyly brushed at his jeans, his bones bruised and still sore as he stood before the rugby captain, of whom was now beaming his way as though Sherlock back on his feet was some sort of gift to the world.
Harry met his eyes. Sherlock looked away from her.
Sherlock ducked his head into John’s shoulder, unable to hold back the small whimper that escaped his lips and John absolutely melted at the sound of it, kissing a line up and around the dancer’s throat, tongue darting out from moment to moment, teeth pulling the skin between his lips briefly before letting it free, leaving red blotches and the shine of saliva in his wake.
Sherlock glanced upward, stopping his eating to instead stare intently at his mentor, watching him for any sign of a lie, because if what he was saying was true, Sherlock had no chance at all.
tangents,” Sebastian Moran sniggered and arched a brow challenging, a smirk now staining his expression with smugness.
Sherlock very nearly managed to dodge the swaying bodies in the middle of the room as they approached, John moving only a few inches away from Sherlock to lift his hand and slap it across Mike’s back, drawing him in for a quick hug and then pulling away with a polite grin atop his wonderfully warm features, his hand immediately returning to Sherlock’s back.
celebrate, however, each mile marker he reached within the confines of
“That I got beaten round the head, John. Slapped about, pushed around, taught a right and proper lesson,” Sherlock snapped, another glare firmly in place.
John stood, quick and sudden, and Sherlock narrowed his eyes, inching back a bit on the bed and watching the blonde boy curiously.
John narrowed his eyes and stood his ground as Wilkes drew nearer and nearer, head cocked challengingly, smirk in place across those cruel, brute-like features.
Sherlock’s cheeks were definitely a shade of pink at that, and he swallowed, shyly looking down at his hands beneath the desk and the close brush of his and John’s thighs.
“Wilkes,” He coughed out and lifted himself up on one elbow, a glare firmly in place as he glowered up at the boy, unwilling to show any outward sign of fear, of weakness, of dread.
something to celebrate — and it wasn’t all too pleasant.
“You won’t tell
right.
, uttered simply and lowly beneath Sherlock’s breath, hoarse and delicate, as though his innermost emotions had leaked out somehow through that one word, that title, that name.
Hell, if it was true, the entirety of his life, every day after this one, would be meaningless — there would be no point anymore. Because what’s living if there’s no one to live for, nothing to live for — not even the smallest spec, not even the dust building in that one corner of 221B
“You’re more of a slut than most of the girls at this school, Holmes,” Wilkes practically giggled, throwing his head back as though all of this was simply hilarious, as though the prospect of Sherlock ever finding someone to love was the funniest thing he’d heard in a long while.
: It’s the little things…
Sherlock glared at his reflection in the mirror, scowling at the softening blues and purples and the emerging greens and yellows of his black eyes.
Loneliness. Seclusion.
: I wish I was friends with both of you irl :C
With a sigh, his small home coming into view, he turned to the small girl of whom had been his rather loquacious walking partner, and stopped walking, shrugging his shoulders her way before grunting, "I'm never having kids."
Sherlock doesn’t answer. Instead, he drops his head and stares harshly at the ground beneath his Converse clad feet, eyes stinging with the bitter, cold London air, the same air that burned his cheeks, reddened the tip of his ears, revealing the smoky nature of his breath.
Sherlock winced and spun faster, less than graceful, angry, tense, irritated with himself as he pressed on, ballet shoes hitting the floor harder than usual, a little harder than they should. Who was he kidding? He didn’t know love, he’d never known love — he was the sociopath all the kids growing up had been scared of, the same boy who could hardly stand up to his less than sober uncle, and the chemist who didn’t understand the chemistry between the feelings of two people.
The sound of Sebastian’s booming laughter above caused his fingers to tremble and his legs to shake.
,” John sighed, forcing a weary smile and hugging her back gently, “I really will be fine, alright?”
“Hm?”
He lifted his hand and slammed his palm onto the wooden floor, mouth shut tight, before he stood upwards and took a deep breath, shaking his head so rapidly his curls bounced this way and that. He stormed over to his camcorder and stopped the recording.
John scoffed, trying to regain his footing, “Definitely not.”
date, lad.”
Shit, shit, shit. What was Sherlock doing, why was he allowing this to happen? For god’s sake, he couldn’t be friends with John, of course he couldn’t. Not John the charismatic YouTuber with the perfect smile, not John the boy all the girls at Baker practically drooled over, not John the captain of the rugby team, not John the blonde sitting across from him in the currently peaceful atmosphere of a little coffee shop five minutes from their school.
John blinked and glanced at the four of them, arching a brow, his mind whirling with all the new information. Christ — he felt more confused now than he had at the start. Just as John lifted his head to get another question in, hoping for a proper clear answer this time, the dining hall bell clanged loudly, the remaining students standing from their tables and tossing their trays effortlessly. John watched as the boy’s surrounding him gathered up their forgotten cards and handed them back to Stamford, turning, then, to dispose of their own leftovers.
"Ready to watch some purple-haired, fake eyelash-wearing Capitol slave draw a slip of paper from a glass dome and hope they don't say my name?" Sherlock scoffed, turning to glare at the small girl at his side, hoping she realized just how moronic she was being with such an obvious question.
Molly's head immediately appeared at the edge of the fitting room, her pale, bare neck extended as she arched a brow at John, "
. If his friend didn’t accept his adoration for someone of the same sex, was he really that good of a friend?
Enjoy Drowning! (that sounds morbid)
“Oi,” John chuckled, smiling, white teeth and all, “I picked up your pen for you. Don’t make me regret it.”
Sherlock smirked, “You don’t
With a fond smile, he moved the little arrow on the screen with his mouse to the search bar, pecking the keyboard in his usual manner and typing, '
? Sherlock had no bloody clue but he was, though he loathed to admit it, enjoying himself. John was buying him coffee, John was laughing with him, John was talking to him. Really talking. Proper talking. And shit if it was doing any good to help Sherlock repress the so-called, “little crush” he had on John Watson. It was ghastly. Every time John smiled, Sherlock’s heart fluttered; every time John giggled Sherlock’s mind went blank, the entirety of his focus trained on the adorable noise bubbling out from John’s lips. It was unhealthy, surely, to have become this fixated on a person that he both thought of John constantly when they were together and constantly when they were apart — even more so. It wasn’t right — Sherlock needed to get out.
John shrugged again, “He compared his lips to pilgrims.”
with all my heart and want to squeeze his cheeks
mad. He was behind on uploading, a few of his subscribers commenting on his whereabouts, asking as to whether or not he was okay, if he was still breathing, still existing. But no, he wasn’t okay, because John was so bloody distracting — was he breathing? Sometimes. Not when John was around. Was he still in existence? He supposed so, but only because John made him feel as though he were worth existing. Sherlock was pathetically and hopelessly obsessed with
Why hadn’t He taken the
Gay May @
He’d merely been soaking his hair, shutting his eyes and listening to the silence that whirled beneath the layer of water surrounding him, when it dawned on him that he didn’t want to come up for breath, he didn’t want to see the bathroom light once more, or hear the consistent whirring of Ms. Hudson hoovering downstairs. He didn’t want to inhale or exhale, he didn’t want to open his eyes, he didn’t want to see, or hear, or feel anything ever again.
He watched as the corner of Greg’s lips lifted in an amused smile before the silver haired boy inhaled deeply and raised his dark eyes to meet John’s. He nodded his head and dropped his tight grip on John’s arm, the two turning to walk once more towards the pitch. It was silent for the several steps they did take, but eventually Greg was clearing his throat and nervously glancing his way, a question on his lips as they drew nearer and nearer to their intended destination.
“Shame,” John sighed dramatically, “I guess I’m not going either then.”
“He does deserve it, they both do. What with the cheating and everything.”
“Up for a game, Watson?” James Sholto chuckled, gesturing with a flick of his head to the beer pong table, and shoving John playfully as he continued to lean part of his weight on John’s opposite shoulder, the image burning uneasily in Sherlock’s vision.
Molly ducked her head in embarrassment and let out a small chuckle, her cheeks burning far more red than usual as she slowly nodded, "Yeah, neither am I."
John wasn’t coming back.
Sherlock extended a leg, let his arms flow with grace, brought out poise from places it was least expected, made way for innocence and purity and a world devoid of horror and cruelty to match the soft sounds of joy woven into the start of the melody.
He didn’t care.
He started up the car and, in an attempt to lighten the mood of the situation, even just slightly, John let out a sharp chuckle, regaining Sherlock’s attention and shrugging his shoulder amusedly, “Future doctor, yeah? Can’t help it.”
Bill blinked and then scowled.
. Music casings,
delectable.
“Oh, come
“John?” Sherlock swallowed nervously as John slowly lowered his tea.
John let out a scoff, shaking his head, “Has Sebastian been talking more shit about me then?”
John would
With a sneer, Siger let out a scoff, “You’re pathetic, you know that?”
John turned to meet Sherlock’s eyes, looking, really
“Oh,” He heard Molly murmur, the sound tinged lightly with both surprise and worry, before he saw her get back onto her feet and make her way toward him, kitten heels clip-clopping softly atop the tiled floor — a strangely comforting sound. He watched silently as she stepped around him and fetched the dish he’d roughly discarded, her lips quirking cautiously.
life,” Harriet snorted, pushing her way through the door with another of John’s boxes in her arms, one he’d clearly forgotten, her hair done-up in a messy brown bun, strands cascading downwards this way and that, body heaving with physical exertion.
The boy standing before him chuckled and lifted a hand, gesturing towards his group of friends and beaming brightly his way, “Come on.”
He entertained the concept that
: now kiss
eyes. Like, wtf - I could drown in those pools of blue
, he growled to himself.
John closed his eyes for a moment, inhaling sharply, and looking away, trying his best to remain cool, his chest practically swelling with red, hot rage as he listened to the cold, ignorantly arrogant voice of a boy he’d very much like to beat to a pulp.
: daily thought: I wish @
,” and he would call doing so a public service.
Oh, he’d show them. He’d make his point. Now that he could, now that he knew he’d be able to reach the eyes of human beings who continuously make his life a living hell, he couldn’t give up the opportunity to shame them, to prove them wrong.
Sholto and Moran snickered at his words and he watched as Sebastian scowled momentarily, before his features yet again took on their amused look, all smooth and leering, as though every word that he spoke should be written down and framed on the wall.
Sherlock ducked and turned and jumped and twirled, flowing with the soft beats and unique voice of the artist, listening intently and following the routine he’d already mentally prepared, humming lightly to himself as he took to performing to his very best ability whilst his mind sought to make him crumble with every movement forward.
— John and Sherlock found themselves sat on the couch with the very first James Bond movie flickering before them on the television screen. John, of course, was paying rapt attention, chuckling when a humorous comment was made — old fashioned and not entirely amusing at all — and staring with wide eyes when a chase of some sort ensued. Sherlock, on the other hand, was enjoying it far more than he’d ever let on, remaining determined to make sure John didn’t become aware of that little fact and taking, instead, to commenting noisily and dryly — the blonde beside him, to his utter surprise, seemingly finding it entertaining rather than annoying.
watch me,” John shouted with glee, his eyes shifting back over to that one comment from that one user, bold letters staring right back at him on his computer screen, “He has to. That video hasn’t been up long.”
Sherlock felt his cheeks turn red and he swallowed, turning his head to the side to hide from John’s eyes, his heart skipping several beats that he was sure couldn’t possibly be good for his health, before the rugby captain chuckled and stepped out the door and down his front steps.
, just because Sherlock was a shy, terrified loner who became irritable at the idea of sharing a tight space with far too many bodies and listening to deafeningly loud, booming music for no good reason other than to have fun.
“Right,” John grinned, facing the road and pushing his foot down on the pedal, the lights of Sherlock’s tall house slowly fading away as they left it behind.
Amanda S. @
“Anyway,” John continued quickly, “You’re always welcome over mine again. I did this whole
“Blue,” Sherlock replied, pink tinting his pale cheeks.
Sherlock glared at the man’s back as Haymitch exited through the mechanical doors, pondering his words before glancing back over at Molly.
He froze, swallowed his next word, that name on his lips, and watched as Molly’s somewhat frightened expression broke into one of utter heartache, piteous and sympathetic, eyes running over the curves of his face, the broken form of his steadily deteriorating health, the exhaustion, hunger, and lack of proper hydration apparent, the state of his thoughts showing through on top of it all.
Beeface for days @
“Terrible,” Sherlock nodded, and simply let himself be guided along by the compelling tone of John’s voice.
. But Sherlock had decided to simply thank whatever almighty presence was up there, if there was one, for creating John the way they had — accepting, loyal, sincere and —
So why did he expect it to?
. But before he knew it, they’d bickered on about the daftness of Romeo’s decisions, the very basics of the paper they had to write and the ridiculous requirements of it all — John stating he planned to write his on the strength of forbidden love, eager to win over their literature instructor with a clever topic, whilst Sherlock stated he wasn’t writing his at all
: I am LIVING. Has the @
. She’ll be back in a bit to make dinner,” Harry answered, strolling towards the small kitchen with a bit of a bounce in her step.
“That so?”
I am so touched and honored by the amount of attention this has gotten already and I am so very excited to finish this thing eventually. Much more is in store!
He knew the dancer lived in the same general area of the UK as John did, which came as quite a delight, but merely served to boost John's further curiosity. He wasn't at the point of checking every ballet studio across central London yet, but he was close - and for that, he reprimanded himself. The boy must have chosen to go into the world of YouTube anonymously and John should respect that.
He slammed the door to his locker closed and continued to gape down at the mobile in his hands, heart hammering in his chest, mind whirling as he switched over to John’s twitter and stared at the posted tweet, written at six this morning, clearly before John had left his home for class.
– took a bite of one of the small, fruity pastries, his eyes shutting for a few moments to savor the taste, the way the flavor melted on his tongue. Haymitch simply watched him, a hand beneath his chin, his eyes narrowed curiously, whilst Molly swallowed nervously and continued picking at her own food.
Sherlock looked down at where their hands were interlocked across the middle compartment of John’s old, tattered car, the lining their wrists rested upon all battered and worn with years of use. A question rested on his tongue as he glanced back up and out the window, watching as they approached the familiar apartment complex, the tall buildings intimidating from where they loomed over the car, dark shadows silhouetted in the night sky.
“What, did someone pop Mike’s new inflatable girlfriend or something?” She snorted, taking a sip of her drink, “You all look far too miserable for how much fun I’m having.”
John smirked at her words, “It was definitely something.”
Sherlock felt his mouth go dry as he stared at John in all his glory, that dirty blonde hair, the blue of those eyes, the slope of his nose and the sincerity behind his lifted lips and amused chuckle.
Was that it? Was that all
Sherlock hummed a confirmation his way, his ethereal eyes lifting off of his elegant scrawl and focusing directly on John, the rugby captain sitting eerily still, his brows furrowed and eyes narrowed. He inhaled sharply at the sight, and with a sigh, shut the thick form of his notebook and placed both his hands in a prayer position beneath his chin.
But there was something else, something he didn’t quite understand that was blooming at the pit of his stomach, uprooting itself and growing, twisting, stretching, sprawling out through his gut, clutching to his heart with a bewildering pang. He was beginning to see Sherlock differently, to see him
. Perhaps miracles really do exist.
“It’s nothing fancy,” John stated shyly, bopping his head in the direction of the small rectangular building, a sign across the outside lit up with neon lights that read, ‘
“Can I not attend a rugby match now and again?” Sherlock asked, one brow arched curiously, hoping to appear entirely unperturbed. He wouldn’t mention John. The last thing he wanted to do was enter his life and fuck things up for him — these were his friends; he couldn’t simply expect John to change that little fact.
John grinned, and watched as Sherlock narrowed his eyes, as if the other boy couldn't see straight through his facade, as if he wasn't aware Sherlock was eager to dodge the bullet of socialization.
John blinked in confusion, and lifted his gaze to the back of Sherlock’s head, curly locks swooping in waves of brown, “Odd name.”
He winced, as he pressed just a bit to hard, sighing and swallowing thickly, knowing one blow from Wilkes would certainly leave a bruise. He shouldn’t care so much about who saw – his uncle wouldn’t look twice, wouldn’t ask if he was okay, wouldn’t check to make sure it wasn’t too bad; he had no friends to show concern anyway; even the teachers hated him here, why would they show any sort of alarm?
need to finish my homework."
"No one," Victor spat and glared at the boy in his arms with bright green eyes, the emerald hue on fire, burning with warning, "Absolutely no one can know. Got it?"
“Oh, for God’s sake,” Sherlock huffed and kicked himself out of a sitting position, falling down onto his back atop the duvet, his brow furrowing and his eyes hardening in mild irritation, though his heart tingled in slight amusement. “
Ten new people who enjoyed his artistry. His latest composition and routine had gotten quite a bit of attention and appreciation, and it made his heart swell to know his hard work was paying off, and, better yet, being admired. With a touch of newfound joy, he slipped his phone into his back pocket and readjusted his duffle bag before heading towards the locker room exit.
Hello lovely readers. x
and I decided I’d just dine in style.”
“That I didn’t know you were
John was convinced he was the only person to have ever made actual contact, in cyberspace, with
He bit his lip and leaned back in his chair. The dancer deserved it. If John could get just a few of his subscribers to check the lad out, he’d be happy. He’d wanted to for a while, to tell his fans – god, that still sounds weird – about one of his favorite artists, someone he listened to and kept up with on the daily, someone he was close to obsessing over, but he was never sure of when, or how, or frankly, what his watchers would think.
“He did bring all his posters,” John’s mother chuckled, sauntering over and patting the top of John’s shoulder comfortingly.
Taking a deep breath, he reached over to unbuckle his seatbelt, clearing his throat and biting his lip, before looking down at his feet, resting against the car’s ancient floor.
Greg didn’t look revolted nor disgusted nor perturbed — which John knew he wouldn’t be, not after his words only days before, but he didn’t expect his friend to look so
“Why?” Sherlock asked, tone hoarse from lack of use, and he cleared his throat quickly, glancing down at the floor and away from his uncle as he awaited the answer to his question, only to instantly regret the decision as a hand slapped him upside the head, causing his ears to ring and his figure to turn uncomfortably.
John frowned, glanced at him, but continued on, “Isn’t that what we’re doing?”
know,” She then smirked, and winked his way, grabbing his arm once more and sauntering beside him down the corridor, whilst they simultaneously dodged the other students going about their business.
Before Sherlock could respond, John’s lips were on his and they were dancing again, soft skin against soft skin, a solid, almost overwhelming comfort, the warmth of John’s body radiating from across the middle console of the car, both hands now pressed gently to Sherlock’s cheeks. Sherlock felt his stomach heat up, the butterflies tickling at his rib cage, tugging at his heart, their wings fluttering so very fast he was sure he was floating, hovering just above the passenger seat. And then John was slowly pulling away, eyes opening to stare into Sherlock’s, fondness in the soft quirk of his brow, in the way a smile tugged at one corner of his mouth, in how his thumb began to smooth circles over Sherlock’s jaw.
After Mike’s rather untimely interruption, John had led him right out of the bathroom and immediately to the front door, where they’d quickly faced London’s cool air and ducked into his Toyota, John taking a moment to write out a simple text to Greg and Molly to let them know of their departure before starting up the rattling engine and pulling out of the large driveway, leaving Mike’s house in their wake.
Sherlock nodded, the curls atop his head bouncing, and he managed a small smile, glancing up at John and drowning in the ocean once more.
It seemed everyone was present, as it should be, but Sherlock couldn't help but feel outraged, resisting the urge to yell at each and everyone of them about how they never did anything of value to deserve John Watson — himself included. He wanted to grab those flowers and squish them beneath his black dress shoes, rip off the fucking tie Mycroft had insisted on him wearing — John would have laughed at him, told him it looked unnatural — and smash the head of the tombstone with a steel hammer, watch as it crumbled to bits, a visual representation of his hardly beating heart. He wanted to punch the man spouting nonsense about a God, tell him it didn’t matter, ask him where his precious God was when John was met with the full, unforgiving weight of a drunk driver’s lorry.
Moran snorted while Sholto nodded in amusement and lifted a finger to point at John’s costume, nodding his head in approval, “You certainly took the cliche route.”
, only
Molly scoffed into the speaker,
The dark-haired dancer blushed at that and looked away once more, sighing softly and shaking his head, aware of the other two still sat at their table staring steadily at the developing conversation.
,’ sighing to himself and allowing his cold-faced features to break for a mere moment, giving way to a shy smile. Humble John. He didn’t realize the effect he had as a human being, as
“Yeah,” John smirked, “Nice girl.”
It had started with the phone call, and then, after what felt like years, a door was opening, arms were around his, lifting him, lying him down, manhandling him at the utmost extreme. He was Sherlock Holmes — he didn’t let himself be
John feigned an appalled look, “You underestimate me, Mr. Holmes.”
“A consulting detective?” John offered, stepping forwards in time with the other patient customers.
Sherlock lifted a hand to rub at the back of his neck and sighed, shaking his head; angry with himself as he thought of all the extra rations he'd added to his list. He had painfully decided to do so in order to aid his ill mother. Without what he did, she'd be long dead.
“What’s your deal, twink?” The boy asked, pressing a fist into Sherlock’s shirt collar and pulling him close, leering down, teeth bared as though Sherlock were a piece of meat, as though he were something to snack on.
,” John whispers against his cheek, moving down until his own forehead is pressed against Sherlock’s, warm and grounding and everything and more than Sherlock could have possibly asked for.
“I’m sorry?” Sherlock snapped back, arching a brow and keeping a straight face, blank and emotionless, trying to cast Wilkes off with a look of pure boredom, a desperate attempt to appear as though Sebastian Wilkes didn’t scare him — not at all, not in the slightest.
Why should I?” Sherlock growled back, taking a step closer to his brother, eager to prove his point, to prove that he didn’t have a chance. He just wanted someone else to admit it already – he didn’t want to be brave, he didn’t want to think that he could win because then that would mean he would have to try. And what if he tried, what if he really tried, and then he failed? What if he killed dozens of tributes and then died with only one more left? They were stupid thoughts, but he couldn’t stop thinking them.
his girlfriend, or the fact that Philip Anderson still wets the bed sometimes due to a rather serious bladder issue, or that Carl Powers may or may not have herpes. He couldn’t help what he saw; his problem was that he had trouble keeping from voicing it.
“What do you want?”
. Very funny.”
But before he could strike up a conversation, Mycroft cleared his throat and met his eyes.
, he certainly had.
Happy with himself, John leaned back once more, crossing his arms over his chest and letting out a sigh, "Hey Molls?"
what you’re getting yourself into, yeah? With Sherlock.”
Perhaps he was being far too hopeful - or far too selfish.
? Why hadn’t he been sitting right there, beside Him; why hadn’t they been chatting about a case or Anderson’s stupidity, why hadn’t Sherlock been there?
: im screaming you’re both so adorable
“You need anything?” John beamed politely, expression open and curious, waiting as Sherlock stared back, still somewhat incredulous, a part of his brain desperately trying to keep up with the fact that John was here, real, being kind, and talking to him like he was worth something.
For the moment, flying across the wood floor, he just
“Coming to my game,” John answered, tone soft, careful, cautious, “You’ll never understand how much it meant to me. I know it’s not really your thing.”
to him,
No messages.
Sherlock beamed softly his way before shrugging and glancing over at the woman in question, “She was fine. We had a short conversation before she decided she’d rather focus on bedding one of the women here tonight.”
and tossed a pillow at her.
“You should tell him,” She beamed encouragingly before her comforting hand returned to her side.
He let his eyes drift.
“I like you,” Molly shrugged genuinely, smiling softly Sherlock’s way.
He froze, swallowing thickly and turning away, ducking his head to stare at his feet, jaw clenching, hands gripping the edge of the counter, as though trying desperately to steady himself, to steady the demolishing form of his reality — saying it aloud made it all the more real and he’d been avoiding doing so quite nicely.
“Good,” John snorted before Sherlock heard him sigh and then felt as a weight dropped down at his side, their shoulders pressed together, hands crossed over their torsos as they both stared upward at the ceiling.
John Watson’s mother was everything a mother should be. She greeted Sherlock with a smile and a warm hug, a short tap on the cheek and a gentle announcement of what she was making for dinner, before she turned away with a wink and went about chopping fresh vegetables. She looked a lot like John, her hair an ashy blonde, tied up into a messy bun, a fair amount of makeup spread across her face that highlighted the blue of her eyes, more like the sky rather than John’s oceans. She was pudgy and short in a way that suited her stunningly, and her smile was white and endearing, friendly and warm, like the one John somehow managed to vanquish all of Sherlock’s innermost demons with.
Jane Watson @
— so much more.
That would be something. That would be something indeed.
Blushing, much to his own embarrassment, Sherlock clicked reply, the keyboard popping up across his mobile screen, and began to formulate a response, his heart racing, teeth biting in to his bottom lip, fingers trembling just slightly as he tapped at the letters. John’s shoutout had, in fact, done wonders for him. He’d gained at least two thousand more subscribers in merely a day, and the very realization had thrown him from where he sat. He was climbing in views and likes, and comments were pouring in from users of all backgrounds. It was unbelievable. And all because of John Watson.
“John,” he growled out, turning his head away and glancing out at the crowds amongst them in the busy cafeteria, catching Wilkes’ eye for a mere moment, his blood running cold when the boy smirked, wide and vehemently, before he quickly looked away, brows drawing forwards into a frown.
“You, with all your ‘
Sherlock let out a loud giggle and threw his head back in amusement, watching as John bravely shoved the pan from its place on the hot seat and took a deep steadying breath, the boy glancing at Sherlock with a smirk and shaking his head.
Everything hurt — why did everything
In the end, after much debate —
He pushed the phone aside and grabbed out his dainty tripod and rather cheap, old digital camera, switching it to its proper video feature and huffing as he hooked it to the stand, screwing it tight to the top. He could always ask Mycroft for the money to get a proper, functioning camcorder but that meant emailing his brother and emailing his brother meant a lecture and he did not have the time nor the patience for such a thing. So, he'd make do.
John nodded firmly, although his voice was kind. "You can stay the night, but tomorrow, you need to go. I understand why you are self-destructing a bit. Believe me, I would have gone down a similar path after I was discharged if I hadn't met Sherlock. And he understands, too. He has certainly been down the rabbit hole himself. But watching you ..." John shook his head. "He was frantic. Didn't want to take a case about a kid who was kidnapped just this evening, because he was too worried about you. He stood in our kitchen and
That night, John woke up to the sensation of Sherlock kissing his neck and pinching his nipples. He groaned loudly, arching his back and swearing quietly.
He rolled over, away from the damp spot, and studied John’s face anxiously. No sweat, his breathing was barely elevated, and his pupils were normal. Against his leg, Sherlock could feel John’s cock starting to soften slightly. “Oh,” Sherlock said in quiet surprise, as the data came together. “Why didn’t you say something?” He could feel his face flushing, but he forced himself to hold John’s gaze. John’s cheeks pinked as well, and he shrugged noncommittally, not admitting to anything aloud. Sherlock scratched his neck. “I assumed you’d want… I just … I thought you’d like it, too.”
It was floaty, and dizzying, and scary, and absolutely
John grinned. “You sneaky git. Once again I’d like to point out that you could have simply said, ‘Hey, I’d like you to dom the shit out of me.’ I’d have been all in on that without you having to go to the trouble of actually pissing off me and half The Yard.”
," she spat at him.
Three days ago, Sherlock visited Molly in the morgue and saw the corner of a damp envelope sticking out of her pocket. Heavy stationary, black ink, male handwriting. Molly had tugged it open roughly, but had ripped off the jagged bits and thrown them away. So, a letter from a man who cares about appearances, who expected neatness and perfection, who made Molly nervous and lived to the north. She rubbed her neck and Sherlock asked about some test results; it wasn't time yet.
After what felt like a very long time but was likely only a minute or two, John pulled away, pressing one last kiss to Sherlock's mouth before resting their foreheads together.
After five more minutes of pacing, John paused at the door for a moment and then thumped his way downstairs. He fiddled with the tea, spending an inordinate amount of time doctoring his cup before finally heading over to the living area. After adjusting his cane a few times, he seemed to work up the nerve to speak. "Sherlock, look --"
John smiled sadly. "A combination of clonazepam and very understanding bunkmates. It was a running joke, of course, but I only had a few episodes that anyone mentioned to me." It had been horrible, never knowing for sure. Usually he woke up with the evidence all over himself, and that was humiliating enough. Shaking himself from his reverie, he said, "I'm a little surprised you didn't just deck me when I came on to you."
, fucking love …. You … please let … oh,
.” Sherlock began to trace his fingers lightly over John’s pecs, making his nipples bead up. His fingers neared the mass of scar tissue on John’s shoulder and paused, sensing the subtle uptick in tension in John’s body. “Does it hurt?”
Sherlock set that aside for future consideration and retrieved said pills and a glass of water as John stripped down to his boxer-briefs. John took them without comment and watched as Sherlock undressed and pulled on pajama pants. Sherlock pulled him in for a soft, chaste kiss and then murmured, "Face-down, I think." John nodded and laid down wordlessly and Sherlock straddled his thighs, slowly pushing the heels of his hands from the waistline of his pants, up either side of his spine to his shoulders. John groaned almost obscenely and Sherlock firmly instructed his cock to ignore it. John was allowing him to caress and stroke and comfort him, and only now that Sherlock was doing those things did he realize how much he'd missed touching John. It'd been weeks since they'd so much as cuddled on the couch to watch crap telly. Again, he hadn't noticed.
it," Sherlock shot back. "You kissed me awake, undressed me, and had a finger halfway inside me before I even started kissing you back." John winced at that, but Sherlock kept going. "I had to get you to slow down long enough to find the ... lube." Sherlock faltered. "Oh my God, you were asleep."
John started to move, and Sherlock hummed in appreciation, glancing up and down John’s body as more and more of him was welcomed inside. John was carrying a bit of tension in his bad shoulder, so Sherlock held almost perfectly still aside from a small, involuntary hitch in his hips when John slid down him. He noticed that John was positioning himself to avoid direct contact with his prostate. Was it so sensitive as to be painful, or was he waiting until—
She looked back at Sally. "Then I opened the door and he pushed me through it, closed the door behind me and pressed me up against it. He started kissing me again, and I pulled away, told him he had to leave. He yanked me back by the arm and pushed me back against the wall. I tried to get my arm free but he was too strong. I told him again, to please leave, that I'd text him tomorrow. And he told me that we'd had such a good time and were attracted to each other. People fuck on the first date all the time, he said. Be an adult about it, don't be a tease."
he thought distantly. But John knew he was enjoying the dance more than Sherlock was. In fact, it suddenly occurred to John that the dance might be partially for his own benefit. Kylie leaned in, rubbing her breasts against Sherlock's chest and gyrating expertly against him. Sherlock leaned forward in response to her, murmuring in her ear for a moment. Now the bouncers were watching carefully, thinking of advancing, but Kylie dismissed them with a subtle shake of her head.
His eyes came into a laser-sharp focus and his breath caught in his throat. "John," he said, commandingly. Almost against his will, John looked at him, miserably, knowing that for Sherlock the truth might as well have been lit up in a neon sign. "Vincent was right. About all of it," he marveled, disbelief plain in his voice.
Molly didn't meet his eyes, just nodded once.
John angled his body toward Sherlock, whose eyes snapped to him immediately. John held his gaze for a moment, then dropped it to those plush lips, leaning forward a bit. He glanced up, pausing slightly, making sure he was welcome, then closed the distance between them. The kiss was slow, exploratory. Sherlock's lips were soft, pliant, and parted easily along with John's. He tasted of tequila and bourbon and faintly of an hours-hold smoke. His tongue was playful, curious, intent on discovering all of John's favorite things.
John dropped his gaze, tears in his eyes. “Believe me, I wish more than anything that I could go back and relive that whole year.”
John was dizzy with lust, wishing he had two more hands and another set of eyes so he could do all he wanted to do and see all he wanted to see. He spared a hand to feel Greg's lips stretched wide and wet around Sherlock's prick. John moaned, and then Greg moaned, releasing Sherlock's cock. "Fuck, Sherlock, I'm gonna come. Fuckfuckfuckfuuuuuuuuuuuuck..."
Sherlock's eyebrows shot up. "
Sherlock's eyes were unreadable, his voice quiet. "The lesbian bar is on the other side. Separate entrance."
"Ticklish, John,
John shook his head, looking so embarrassed and trepidatious that Sherlock kissed the furrow between his eyebrows before sitting back. “How do you want to continue? We can try again, carefully this time, or do something else entirely.” He stroked through the sparse, light hair on John’s upper leg, waiting as John’s face warred with itself.
Sherlock held his head still, no longer brushing so much as caressing, moving his lips against John's in gentle little movements, as though exploring their texture. John stopped breathing. Then Sherlock tilted his head slightly, rubbing their noses for a moment before the closing his mouth around John's in what was unmistakably a kiss. John inhaled sharply, but kept his lips soft, pliant, matching Sherlock's gentle movements. Sherlock dipped his tongue just inside John's mouth, and John met him there, allowing soft slides of slick heat between softer presses of lips.
Molly burrowed into his warm skin as John yelped. He rubbed her bare back, and held her close, willing some of his body heat to travel to her. "What happened tonight?"
John stroked his shoulder, then caressed down his arm to clasp Sherlock’s hand before bringing it to his mouth for a kiss. “Do you not want to try this? Because it’s totally fine if you don’t.”
"Show me," Sherlock said dangerously. She tapped her fingers obediently against the couch, and the riding crop slid softly up her arm, over her breasts, and down her torso to her already-sore thighs. "Better. Now stand her up. We're going to the bedroom."
“Smug,” John repeated, somewhat breathlessly.
"What are
“Brilliant idea,” Sherlock murmured, grasping the hem of John's wool jumper and smoothly tugging it over his head along with his vest. Curious fingers traced his scar for a long moment and then Sherlock leaned in to claim John's mouth again. Sherlock backed them up slowly, tongues and teeth clashing, until the bed hit the backs of his knees and he sank upon it, pulling John into his lap. Sherlock's hands seeming to be everywhere behind John, hands in his hair, rubbing his back, grasping his arse, while his mouth was everywhere in front, kissing his mouth, nibbling his ear and his collarbone, sucking on his neck. Finally, Sherlock tugged at John's belt and John scooted back, standing for a moment to step out of his trousers and pants. He crawled back on Sherlock's lap and the younger man pulled him back in for a long, deep kiss before reaching between them to slowly stroke his velvety length. John’s breath stuttered for a moment and Sherlock could feel the other man’s heart leaping in his chest.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "I'm not a complete idiot, John. But it's difficult to maintain that position once it's actually in my mouth. And I seem to be unable to repress my gag reflex." They both considered the cock in front of them. "Perhaps this will be easier, since his is so much smaller than yours."
consequences of being terrorized by you." He shook his head, confusion and defeat etched on his face. "Remembering that a victim is a real person is
There was a bunch of young, thin twinks gathered near the dance floor, sipping cosmos and scoping out the men in the other groups. John smirked, thinking that Sherlock would love to be here, deducing everyone. Although, John mused to himself, even he could tell the boys were on the prowl.
"No," John allowed. "It's not. But I feel confident that karma can do a worse number on this lunatic than the Yard would have ever been allowed to."
"No, nothing like
Was John feeling taken for granted? Waiting to see how long it would take him to notice they were barely speaking? Not likely. John was sometimes aggressive, but rarely passively so, and he certainly couldn't keep it going for weeks without bursting into a fit of rage. John resolved their differences head-on, with either endearments and caresses or swearing and a dangerous eye glint that let Sherlock know to retreat.
Sherlock crouched down and drew Greg's mostly-soft prick into his mouth, softly sucking and swirling his tongue while Greg made encouraging little noises. John knew from experience that for whatever reason, Sherlock absolutely loved sucking a soft cock into hardness; he'd been woken up that way countless times.  A minute later, they were both rock hard and John wasn't far behind them.
John interrupted swiftly. "--I'll tell you what I told Lestrade. I have given this a lot of thought, and my medical degree is not more important than all the people I hurt and scared. It wasn't just Vincent, was it? You said that I 'terrorized' him, but the truth is that you can't terrorize one person. I terrorized him, and Harry, and you, and every other gay person in London." Sherlock arched an eyebrow and opened his mouth to protest. "No," John said firmly. "Let me finish. You didn't see your face when you found out what I'd done. I have seen Sally call you a freak at least a dozen times. You get told to fuck off just about daily. Someone, somewhere along the way, called you a sociopath and you accepted that as fact. I've never seen you react to any of that with even a fraction of what I saw on your face when you saw just a
"Mm, yes. It's happy stubble. Synesthesia," he said, as though it was self-evident. His thumb reached John's lower lip, tracing it slowly. "Your lips are green."
Sorry this took longer than usual to finish! Life has been busy. :)
"Yeah, always throws people for a bit of a loop," Sally said. "But they can't see you. They might see your shadow a bit, but not you."
“I should t—“
John's face underwent a quick series of changes; first his eyebrows arched in surprise, the sank in pity, the furrowed in worry. "Sherlock. How often did you make
Moments later, they met Lestrade as the doors opened and his eyes slid from Sherlock's hair to the stain on his pants to John's rumpled shirt and rolled his eyes dramatically. "It was less than an hour, you two! Honestly!" Sherlock slid a smug smile at John as he flushed and a stab of desire fled through him. They grinned at each other for one giddy moment and then turned back toward the crime scene.
John shook his head against Sherlock's chest. "It's a bit of a long story," he apologized.
Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows. "Why would I hit you?"
.” It was almost a question, but he suddenly felt certain. John’s eyes crinkled again, and Sherlock knew he was smiling without looking down to check. “You wanted to see me. You didn’t want to fuck. You wanted to … you wanted to watch me.” Sherlock pulled John in for a kiss, hungry and giddy. “I’m sorry, John. I’m an idiot.”
The man’s eyes slid to Sherlock’s hand on John’s elbow and laughed incredulously. “His
John slid his eyes open just long enough to shoot Sherlock an appraising glance. "You already know."
John looked up. “Doesn’t it? That’s not what all this sudden experimentation is really about? You biding your time while you wait and see if I’ll ever take it up—“
Sally interrupted. "Just ..." Everyone turned to look at her. "Be careful, yeah? He's going to make bail and now he has an ax to grind."
it’s been too long.”
Sherlock smiled sadly, rubbing his thumb absently over John's. "It's not a time in my life I look back on with pride." He slid his eyes over John. "Ask your question."
Sherlock scoffed. "I don't see why that's funny. You asked me a question and I like to be precise in my answers."
"Pink?"
as we used to be doesn't mean we can't harmoniously share a flat. Plenty of people who aren't friends make these types of arrangements."
"I'll second that," Greg agreed.
, he reviewed all the available data and sorted it.
"I thought you were giving up on being a bloody doctor," Sherlock complained between kisses. John chuckled and shrugged his non-apology. Sherlock kissed up his neck, murmuring in his ear. "I could warn you," he suggested.
Sally took a swallow. "You think you might hurt yourself." She said it conversationally, as though she didn't find this weird or alarming.
Just one more chapter to go! I hope a few of you hung in long enough for the smut. ;)
He was still analyzing the data when John trudged up the stairs to the flat, hung his coat by the door, and slumped wordlessly on the sofa. Sherlock observed carefully without appearing to as he slouched next to John and pressed a kiss to the side of his head. "How was work?"
John looked at the clock on the stove. “Shit, I’m going to be late.” Taking one last gulp of coffee before putting the cup in the sink, he dropped a kiss on Sherlock’s mouth. “Molly’s strong, Sherlock. She’s going to be fine. Just find the bastard, eh?”
Greg chuckled, and apparently swallowed Sherlock down, because Sherlock moaned loudly a moment later and hissed a long, "Yessss." John continue to flicker his tongue just inside Sherlock's hole, resolutely ignored his aching cock.
Thirty minutes later, they were naked and John was leading a master class on deepthroating in their bedroom. "When you're first learning, it's easiest to start in a 69 position." They all paused and watched Greg's cock twitch. "Which even I can tell Greg is not opposed to," John continued with a wry smile.
John lifted his face and Sherlock lowered his to press a warm kiss to his lips. “Speaking of,” John asked, pulling away slightly, “How’s that spreadsheet coming along?”
Sherlock sat back, looking at John with incredulity; he felt ill. “You want my help. Well, there’s not much to do, is there? No one who knows you now would believe you capable of this anyway. So all there is to do is to do what you’ve always done, and lie about it. Make Vincent look stupid, plead ignorance, and everyone will think it’s just a case of mistaken identity. You’ll continue to ‘get on with your life’, Vincent will get to live the joy of being victimized all over again, and I’ll finally experience the exquisite self-hatred that comes with protecting a homophobic nut from the consequences he richly deserves.”
The pain was starting to subside, as long as John was slow and careful, and he felt his prick starting to firm up under John's ministrations. He took a shaky breath. "It's better every minute. Soon you'll be able to move more." He opened his eyes to look into John's, which were dark with equal parts lust and frustration.
"I can't fathom ever thinking about what you did to Vincent and not being angry and horrified about it. But I think, now that you're done making excuses, I can file it away as a part of your past." He kissed the side of John's head, feeling him relax against him.
Reality struck Molly like a punch to the chest and she realized she was letting a complete stranger fuck her in front of an open door, and she suddenly hated it, wanted his pounding cock and his sweat-slicked chest and his stifling breath away from her. She tried not to think about how cheap she felt as he sought his pleasure without even looking at her, letting her mind go blank as she waited for him to finish. The room was quiet aside from Jack's panting and the slap of his bollocks, but even that sounded far away. Distantly, she realized that he was fucking her quite hard, but the sensation was dull. She came out of her reverie when he cursed and grunted in her ear, pouring inside of her.
Sherlock pushed past John to huff across the room, settling on the couch and crossing his arms. "That hardly concerns you."
Sherlock showed up early that night, duffel bag slung over his shoulder. Molly raised her eyebrows questioningly. Sherlock dropped the bag beside the couch. "I thought we would try something more tonight. You'll like it."
"Sure," he agreed, and followed him to where a small group was watching them with undisguised interest.
boy, I will wear them on our next case like a filthy little slut."
Happiness was bubbling up inside John that had nothing to do with the large man currently grinding on him. He wasn't hoping to hook up with anyone tonight; the place just had an air of openness and celebration and possibility that felt like home. He looked up to see Sherlock watching him, joy plain on his face. They grinned at each other for a moment, and then someone brought them another round of shots.
, John had leaned in, studying the pattern and the transparent wings. Sherlock removed the glass from the box so John could get a better look, and he had picked it up, looking amazed. “Gorgeous,” he had murmured, stroking its wings with gentle hands, doctor’s hands, used to touching fragile things. He had examined the butterfly as he might examine a patient and when he had admired every centimeter he flashed Sherlock the same giddy grin he wore on the odd occasion he uncovered a clue. The moment was so poignant, observing the pure joy of discovering, that Sherlock was sure John would see right through him. But the moment passed unremarkably.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
A bubble of absolute joy rose up in John's chest, and he pulled Sherlock down for a kiss, laughter replaced by a soft noise of surprise. Sherlock pulled back, eyes wide, and John grinned at him, shrugging a shoulder, content to just bask in his happiness and let that moment pass.
John had laughed, the laugh that said,
He flew to his feet and fixed Sebastian with the darkest, meanest, most hateful glare he could possibly muster before nodding and shoving Wilkes lightly to the side as he readjusted himself and brushed the dirt and grass from his kit. If he spent most of that practice “
He was knocked from his reverie by the buzz of his mobile, and he quickly yanked the duvet over his head and hid in the darkness, tapping the screen and reading the words sprawled across it.
Victoria @
. He thought about what it would be like to stand beside John and know that they belonged to one another, that they fit like two puzzle pieces, opposite and yet only whole when together, joined as one simple thing in its entirety. He imagined grasping John’s hand — walking through the halls, to John’s car, across the table in the coffee shop — and holding it tight in his. He pondered what it would feel like if John placed his hands in places Sherlock had never even conceded anyone
really — until he noticed several bruises lining the pale shade of his wrist, the sleeve of his jumper sliding down just slightly with the lift of his arm.
“I gained over two hundred subscribers, in a night, Sherlock Holmes,” John announced, grin widening with pride as he leaned further over the lunch table, ignoring curious looks from those still glancing over at the two of them.
“Look —“
The night of the rugby match had John’s stomach fluttering, the butterflies inside present for all the wrong reasons, wings flapping against his insides, buzzing in his gut, throwing his every movement out of proper control. Because he wasn’t nervous about the game — hell, he’d played enough to last him a lifetime. No — he was nervous because Sherlock would be watching. How that made any sense, he didn’t know. Molly came to watch him nearly every game and he had never been close to vomiting over knowing her eyes would be on him.
“Look,” She smiled, warmly, “I’m no stranger to love, but that doesn’t mean I’m any good at it. All I know, is that without Clara, I’d be bloody lost, alright?”
“What you doin’ here,
If he were revealed, he would humanize the very concept of who he set out to be.
John nodded and blew at the surface of his tea, eyes narrowed thoughtfully as he leaned back against the kitchen counter. The boy would, of course, be aware that someone was on to him. Wouldn’t he? Huffing to himself, John frowned and shook his head, taking a small, slow, gentle sip from his mug. The rugby captain had practically chased after him, in full rugby gear, cleats and all - of course the boy would go into a hiding of sorts. God, John had probably scared him
and this Sherlock because I want them in my face 24/7, what little darlings.
“Fine,” She scoffed, “
“So,” John smiled wide, leaning back in his chair and beginning to peel the banana in his hands, dutifully distracting Sherlock, “clearly it is important to drink coffee, isn’t it?”
"I guess," John cleared his throat, leaning up against one of the large shelves, of which held folded, multicolored skinny jeans, and placing his fists in his sweatshirt pockets.
“So,” Molly’s mousy tone rose up from the living room, “your website.”
The very man looked down at his shoes, inhaled sharply and then looked back up, ocean blue eyes sharp and serious, body tense, elbows resting on his knees as he leaned closer to Sherlock’s rigid, shocked position in the tub.
John watched, amused, as Sherlock slid into the passenger seat, his curls seeming somewhat in disarray, the tall, skinny boy dressed in a baggy, black jumper — obviously in an effort to keep warm against the cool winds of London’s current weather — and thin, skin tight jeans in a dark, faded grey. He looked —
“Wasn’t I already?” John scoffed and kicked at the dirt as they walked.
Blushing, Sherlock shook his head and fell back, lying with his head flat against the pillow, taking his turn to look at the ceiling, all that attention fixed on his every move far too daunting — John would surely see how fucking gone on him he was if he wasn’t careful.
, my name is John Watson, and
, as he so delicately put it,” The silver-haired boy mused sarcastically before throwing his head back in utter desperation and letting out an exasperated groan.
John stifled a laugh and swallowed the amusement threatening to blow his cover. He carefully lifted his head from his mobile, his eyes searching for his teacher of whom merely sat at the front of the room, bobbing her head as the other students around him happily read their lines. He went back to tapping at his phone’s on-screen keyboard.
John laughed and shook his head, sighing and lugging the old pizza box out into the kitchen, setting it down on the marble counter and heading for the refrigerator, “Yes, yes and yes.”
, where he should never leave,
“Shut up, John Watson,” She hissed under her breath, trying her best to hide a smile at John’s teasing expression, before lifting her head and gazing straight forwards, back over to the bleachers, eyes widening a fraction before a small grin began to break through her tense features. Leaning down to whisper in his ear, Molly let out a soft chuckle and cleared her throat, “I think your boyfriend’s here.”
Hello everyone. An enormous apology for how late this update is. I had the chapter half finished for the longest time but struggled to find time to complete it. A lot of things happened along the way but I won't stand here and make excuses. So here it is! Some big things happening in this one. I just hope you're happy with the ending of this chapter.
“Saying Sherlock converted you or some bollocks,” Greg sighed, readjusting the backpack strap hanging low on his shoulder and shifting uncomfortably.
Sherlock’s heart swelled, his mind cleared, his cheeks warmed and his eyes softened in relief, “I’d love to.”
“I’m sorry I’m so
? All of it? All of those warm smiles and those gentle touches and those high-pitched amusing giggles simply because he wanted more? He couldn't, he
Little Ben @
Sherlock shook his head, exasperated with himself and turned to the mirrors, staring at his wet curls and sharp expression. John would never go for someone like him anyway. Too exotic. Too unusual. Too freakish. He sighed and reached into his bag for his change of clothes, yanking out his plain, black sweatpants and baggy white v-neck. He was only going home. No need to dress for any occasions.
Lady White @
that couldn’t be possible could it? John Watson,
?” John whispered into the quiet bathroom, his voice low as he stared down at the boy before him, his eyes still shut, his brows drawn together in a frown of concentration which John found entirely endearing. He meant the question wholeheartedly — it wasn’t to be romantic or charming or seductive: he truly meant it. How was one person so many different things that added up to the literal definition of perfection? Sherlock Holmes was everything John could positively want in a human being and it was a bewildering thing, to be standing there, and staring, even touching, a person so simply serene in John’s eyes.
: 26,837
There’s few things that really, truly annoy John — he considers himself a pretty strong-willed lad, with a decent amount of tolerance to that of which most people would irritate the quickest. When strangers shit-talk James Bond, when players on the rugby field ram into him for no valid reason, when his sister opens a bag of chips from the wrong end, or leaves the cereal box open in the cupboard — when James Sholto jolts him out of watching one of Sherlock’s older composition videos, so much so that his phone falls from where he holds it just beneath his desk and his left headphone slips from his ear. He’d spent the majority of his French class scrolling through theballetbee’s popular uploads, smiling here and there, watching the fluidity of the dancer’s steps and the lanky form of his body flow from position to position with ease — he began to wonder how he’d never guessed the YouTuber to be Sherlock before, the way the boy moved so very familiar to him, so very recognizable; tall and languid and so very
The rugby captain nodded and huffed at the rest of the boys, relaxing back in his seat, the conversation quieting a little as John’s position seemed to declare it over.
Jane Watson @
but he couldn’t possibly — not when John looked
“Mate,” John chuckled and placed a comforting hand on Greg’s shoulder, of which Sherlock frowned at, heart envious of the sight, “Sherlock is literally writing about how stupid the story is. I’m sure you’ll find something.”
Gay May @
He grinned as Sherlock chuckled under his breath, and went to turn around, striding back towards the field, but not before throwing a quick, “
All the best.
“So,” She hummed, “You’re the piece of work then, huh?”
Letting out a scoff and arching a brow, John stepped closer, “Cat got your tongue?
Sherlock snorted and shook his head.
John smiled and nodded, looking down and sighing a little as he glared internally at his rugby gear laid out before him on one of the wooden seats lining the locker room. "Thanks Mike," He huffed and shrugged slightly, "It's just shit I'm not going to be able to upload as much," John shoved his foot into one of his cleats and began lacing up the strings attached, "what with Rugby season starting up again."
With a shake of his head, John cleared his throat and shrugged a shoulder, “We ran into each other the other day. Literally. I knocked him flat on his arse.”
“We really need to get out of these clothes,” He scoffed, breaking the ever-present silence aside from what sounded like Queen’s
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sauntered over to John’s side, leaning against the counter and watching as the rugby captain began placing one strip, two strips, three strips of bacon into the pan, expression concentrated, focused, thoroughly fixated on what his hands and fingers did whilst hovering atop the hot stove plate.
John H. Watson: How’d you like the new video?
Chris R. @
“Do you know how
He turned to leave with those last few words on his tongue, only to stop and stare when the stranger on the floor finished his re-packing and stood up to face Sherlock —
“What?” John lifted a shoulder carelessly, “They’re bad for you.”
,” The response was instant, sputtered out in desperation and John let out a soft chuckle, grinning at the way Sherlock blushed and scowled slightly his way, his desire clearly getting the best of him.
He yanked the boy closer, smiling warmly his way, his hips swaying, his eyes darting over every inch of his dance partner, the twitch of those pink lips, his pale complexion, clear and porcelain, the way his curls framed his high cheekbones and the bright multicolored beauty of his eyes. He admired the amused look in his furrowed brows and the way he looked in all black, seemingly so very dark and untouchable, like the moon itself.
“Well,” She exhaled deeply, tone of voice suddenly both exhausted and irritable, “I best be off, yeah?”
“And you gotta dress up,” The rugby captain informed him, smile now a smirk, “Costumes
She lifted her hand over the dome on Sherlock's right, and smiled casually, "As usual, ladies first."
He cleared his throat and fell back against the car seat once more, “Yeah.”
: Finally. What took the fool so long. I could sing I’m so happy.
“I do loathe repeating myself,” He uttered, but the jab was incredibly ineffective, the complete uncertainty wedged into his tone neither intimidating nor hurtful, and the drop of his shy, ethereal eyes as they fixed themselves on the floor beneath his feet quite literally
“I could?” Sherlock smirked softly, tone of voice shy and timid and yet laced with a teasing undertone that had John beaming back, biting his lip and glancing down at his feet briefly before he fixed Sherlock with what he hoped was a charming, convincing grin.
“Oh, yes, you’re
“Oh,” Irene snickered, “funny. I told him that earlier too. In a manner of speaking.”
,” He heard Wilkes scoff from the other side of the room, “whatever the fuck that means.”
The small girl giggled and spun in place, strolling backwards beside him for a minute before turning back around and squeaking to herself, squeezing her phone tightly where it rested in one of her hands, “Wasn't it incredible?”
“I don’t know why you bother,” Sherlock uttered, that shield dropping just a tad as he faced his hands, of which sat folded in his lap, fingers fiddling, and, or so it seemed, trembling slightly.
He paused in his movements, his tights half out of their pocket in his bag, and swallowed thickly.
“Right,” The boy nodded, brows furrowed, “I look forward to it.”
John turned onto his back, humming thoughtfully, and lifted his arms to rest beneath his head, joining Sherlock in gazing blankly upwards.
“It’s not something I like, you know,” John laughed softly, and somewhat shyly, “everyone’s eyes on me, everyone listening. But making videos is something else entirely. It’s like being on that stage with no one in the seats watching you.”
: oh? OH?
Sherlock frowned, “What about me?”
: bacon and two adorable boys, why am I not there
: OKAY WHOM
John let out a frustrated huff, before realizing just where he was; Ms. Montgomery’s eyes dropped to his slouched form, and within mere moments he was fixed with her god-awful glare, eyes wide open, brows lifted in challenge, lips puckered in annoyance. He quickly shot her an attentive smile, lifted his hand in a gesture for her to continue, and flipped haphazardly through his playbook. She scowled, shot him a nod in warning, and went back to her arduous lecture.
Molly smiled further and then peered over at Sherlock, whose expression was unreadable, a mask forcing his true emotion, his desire for such a reality, into secrecy. She stared for a while, before the smile slipped from her face and morphed into a strangely apologetic expression, eyes growing wide as they fixated on Sherlock's own.
"You always think you're so clever don't you, boy," His uncle sneered, smirking a rather malicious smirk and swaying unsteadily over to the small liquor cabinet on display in the bland, brightly colored living room, "Always thinking you can slip one right over my head, ay?" He growled, grabbing out a glass jug of his favorite scotch and helping himself to a refill.
He hoisted his rugby bag higher onto his shoulder and slowed as he came to stand before the tall genius, biting his lip and gazing admiringly at the boy, still so very overwhelmed by the fact that he had even shown up in the first place, let alone stayed till the end.
John Watson was brutally honest and utterly unabashed by the things that made him human. He was John Watson and so that's who he portrayed in front of his quaint, thirty pound camcorder. He felt no shame - only a need to express. And so he did. All in the span of a fifteen minute recording, which he ended with a smile and a wink, giggling his signature giggle and signing off by stating, "All the love to every single one of you. Catch you later."
Mycroft had told him that it was his father's a long time ago, before he had died in a tragic mining accident when Sherlock was just six years old. His older brother also told him that the bumblebee represents personal power. He informed Sherlock that so long as he held the little pendant close to him he would always find a way out of anything; he would always have the power to overcome his fears, his hardships, no matter the circumstances.
John turned, eyes leaving the ceiling and fixing again, instead, on Sherlock’s own, something hopeful hidden in the depths of blue, gentle and curious, staring back at Sherlock as though he’d said something precious, something so terribly important, and the warmth hovered between them for a moment, a statement unsaid. John quirked a small smile, turning on his side and mirroring Sherlock’s position, tucking his hands beneath his head and gazing pleasantly his way.
The first thing the man did was approach the decanter, fill his empty class, and then take a rather large sip, as though he’d been desperate to quench his thirst. The second thing he did was turn to face the two of them, his tributes, his students, the two teenagers he would have to teach his ways and then watch helplessly as they died on the battlefield. Sherlock couldn’t even imagine how they looked – surely, not promising at all. He was slouched downwards in the soft cushion of one of the train’s sofa chairs, his white button-up shirt now wrinkled, his black slacks covering the whole of his long legs, of which were spread out in front of him. His fancy dress shoes were getting to be rather uncomfortable, and his curls had fallen from their perfectly smooth-backed form, falling atop his forehead rather messily. He looked unforgivable; he wasn’t sure what Haymitch – their mentor – could possibly think of him. Molly didn’t really look like a victor, but at least she was sitting upwards, a bright smile on her face, posture ramrod straight.
on her plate and then gazing over at Lestrade, who was chugging his chocolate milk as though he hadn’t drank a single thing in five days.
“Don’t be stupid, Holmes,” The boy snarled back, horrifically amused features dropping into a look of deeper rage, a look that spoke volumes, a look that said, ‘
The rugby captain squinted, spotting the book in his bag as they neared closer, and swallowing the thick knot in his throat, amazement and disbelief swarming in his gut to form some sort of overwhelming sense of renowned affection for the genius now striding forwards and opening the door to the coffee shop’s entrance.
: omg I’m unsubscribing
Load 12,582 more comments…
John quickly typed in a caption, informing the public and his followers that he was reluctantly helping a friend with a
Sherlock frowned, and cleared his throat, voice barely more than a whisper, “What?”
“Can you
And, for the first time since John had seen the blue blotch against that pale jaw, John looked —
, sometimes it was alright but others it was far too overwhelming.
“What?” Sherlock murmured, the single word nearly a whisper as he shyly refused to meet John’s eye.
The YouTuber barked a laugh and glared at the wall behind where his tripod and camera sat, “What I’m trying to say is that the man creeps up on you. You’re alone one minute, and then bam; you're getting yelled at by a short man with a caterpillar below his nose and bad breath.”
He watched as Sherlock turned to glance over at him, squinting through the shower, curls sticking messily to his wet forehead, black clothing shiny and shimmering as it hugged the thin form of his figure.
“Course.”
“You’ve got to be joking,” Sherlock pressed, brows raised in disbelief, but when his brother shook his head, they lowered in disappointment, “Honestly, Mycroft, you of all people should know better.”
Sitting atop John’s navy bed, hugging his planet shaped pillow against his chest and staring down at the ground was not how he had planned to spend his evening — not that he’d given his evening a lot of thought, but it certainly wasn’t
All eyes were on him now, and he felt his face turn red at the sight, glancing away nervously before biting the insides of his cheeks, his heart thrumming a little more rapidly in his chest.
Sherlock waited, watching as John tapped the bacon habitually with the fork in his hand before biting his lip and swallowing thickly.
“You’re going to have to be in another one of my videos,” The boy across from him hummed, shaking his head as though it couldn’t possibly be any other way, as though it simply had to be done. Sherlock gulped, watching John carefully for any sign of fabrication, noting how the boy had a wide, genuine smile across his tan face, how his eyes were brighter than they had been just a moment ago, how he sat, leaning back, before lifting his carton of milk to his pink lips, throat bobbing.
"How about we move on to the part where you're too busy sucking Greg off to talk?" John said, in a tone that did not invite argument.
He sipped his gin and juice and turned to people watch. The club was just starting to fill, and it seemed a fairly diverse mix. Quite a few young people, but lots of middle aged people, too. Everyone seemed to know each other already and were crowded into groups.
Sally setback, a sarcastic smile on her face. "Didn't Sherlock tell you?"
cut through the air and then sweet pain seared her thigh. Molly gasped, and Sally's commanding voice rang through the air. "John gave you a command. Say the safeword."
"Shower," Sherlock corrected. "You smell like a bar and I'm a sticky mess. Steady now."
"Gonna come..."
Life-affirming sex in the last chapter. Stay tuned!
********************
When crime scenes became needlessly tense again, and Lestrade began asking pointed questions about John's absence, Sherlock invited him on a few cases. Here, things were nearly normal again; they were stiff with each other at first, but Sherlock found himself getting lost in the cases and they fell into their familiar groove without really meaning to. Afterward, they would return to the flat, and Sherlock would work on experiments while John watched crap telly, and they mostly ignored each other, although Sherlock often felt John's gaze when he was bent over his microscope.
It had never
; John's choice, obviously). She wandered up to the guest room and looked in her suitcase for something suitable. Sherlock had packed her plenty of work clothes, but she wanted to be noticed tonight. She settled on jeans and a button-up blouse that she generally wore under a blazer because it was really a bit too tight to be decent. She unbuttoned it down to the top of her bra and added a necklace that drew the eye to her cleavage, such as it was. Next, she padded to the bathroom to do her makeup -- smokey eyes, bold lips, neutral cheeks. She added a few curls to her hair and sprayed it in place.
“Smug, are we?” John taunted. He finished unbuckling his trousers and shoved them down, pulling out his cock. “Why don’t you get on your knees and show me what you learned from our lessons.”
, John's brain supplied in Sherlock's sharp drawl.
"Oh my god," John gasped. "Just give me a second and I'll ..." he waved toward Sherlock's lap. He kissed Sherlock slowly, smiling, huffing little laughs into his mouth as aftershocks jolted through him. "Mmm, that was incredible. What do you want?" he asked as he kissed him one last time.
he corrected himself.
The ghosts of their previous lovers still seemed to be sharing the shower with them, so Sherlock bent his neck for a kiss, grasping two handfuls of John's arse and pulling him close.
"You do actually want him to stay, yeah? His cock is gorgeous."
"Hell yes," Greg agreed, pulling on Sherlock's leg and helping him straddle his face. He lifted his head to nuzzle at Sherlock's bollocks for a moment, sucking one into his mouth. Then he reached a hand between them and stroked Sherlock's shaft, twisting his wrist and squeezing over the head as he switched to the other ball. Finally, he tipped his head back and guided Sherlock's dripping cock into his mouth.
Molly wasn't sure whether that ought to be a comforting or not. But it was probably true. She had a lot of advantages. "I feel like I start each day with a tank of energy, and sometimes I can spend it on seeming like I have my shit together for a while. Like if I go to work, I can seem fine. But then by the end of the day, my ability to hold it together is just shot. And I'm not sure that every day I wake up with the same size tank." Sally waited patiently as Molly thought over her words for a minute. "I don't know, it's a stupid analogy. Most of the time, I feel terrible, and sometimes I want to make myself feel worse. Or feel bad about something else."
Definitely wet now. Probably touching herself." He leaned his head back against the wall. He could picture it so clearly. Anthea would have locked the door and pulled her skirt up to slide her fingers under her panties. Sherlock swirled his tongue around him, applying just the right amount of suction, and John resolved to pay attention to his lover. He lifted his head again, looking down at Sherlock bobbing up and down on his cock. "God, that's amazing." He ran his fingers through Sherlock's curls before tangling his fingers in them and thrusting slightly. Sherlock winked up at him and leaned into the thrusts, letting himself gag a bit. "
John nodded, removing his hand from Sherlock’s thin frame as it began its usual routine of ‘clench, unclench, clench, unclench,’ and moving aside, growling under his breath and kicking at the ground with his sharp cleats, a chunk of grass flying upwards and plummeting noiselessly to the earth below once more.
John tugged Sherlock's neck down to him, kissing him roughly as they crashed through the door of the flat. He unzipped his jacket and discarded it carelessly as he kicked the door of the flat shot. "You were fucking amazing tonight," he said fervently, biting at Sherlock's lip and unbuttoning his Belstaff. Sherlock made a protesting whine when John tossed it on the floor.
Sherlock rubbed circles on John's back, stalling for a moment as he considered how much truth to tell. "Not that I can remember," he reassured lightly, hoping John would take it as a no.
"That is so
Sherlock wanted desperately to drop his gaze, but he forced himself to hold it. "You bring it up when we argue."
Sherlock gasped a breath, eyes gleaming, when John released him. "Red," he panted. "Or I'll tap if I can't talk."
John pounced, crashing into Sherlock with so much momentum that he staggered backwards several steps. "You," he growled, yanking him by his curls to crush their mouths together. "Taking down those smugglers."
Sherlock dropped a kiss to John’s head. “Happy Valentine’s Day.”
When John came home from work, he scanned immediately for his sleek, temperamental flatmate out of habit. Sherlock was stretched across the sofa with one well-muscled arm flung across his eyes, so John indulged in the rare opportunity to stare unnoticed. His long neck was stretched, t-shirt pulled up by his position to reveal several inches of pale belly, and pyjama bottoms were slung low, hip bones jutting out. His long fingers were resting at his bare belly, as though he'd been rubbing it.
, John was finally pressing a slippery fingertip into him, apparently too far gone to tease. It slid in easily, comfortably, and after a few strokes Sherlock was murmuring for more.
Sherlock dropped to his knees, gathering saliva in the front of his mouth as he gently pulled John's cock away from his belly. He swirled a wet tongue across the leaking tip, sucking a light kiss to the frenulum, keeping it all light and teasing, trying to goad him into --
A huff of annoyance this time. "I did say I was a 5, not a 6."
,” he groaned, begging for the second time that night.
She nodded. "Oh yeah, he was a complete nutter. Started out fucking me --" She waved at her lap. "--
John pushed his knees forward and straightened up, one hand on Sherlock's bony hip and the other on his cock. Arching under him, Sherlock moaned as John used his hand as a counterpoint to his sloppy thrusts. "Come on, love," John encouraged. "Give it to me."
Sherlock returned his eyes to John’s shoulder, allowing his fingers to trace the edges. “Would you let me lick it?”
Sherlock squeezed John’s foot in silent gratitude. John fell quiet, and Sherlock debated whether to continue. Was it better to get it all out at once? Quietly, gently, carefully, he spoke. "Did you know he was suicidal?"
John seemed to not have heard that; he was sitting up a bit, looking at Sherlock with incredulity. “Hold on. You’ve had sex with … what was the number? 227 men? How is it that you’ve never topped??”
They forgot about teasing. They forgot about Sherlock’s trepidation. For a long moment, they both even forgot about the end game. Sherlock became completely absorbed in devouring John’s arse and wringing more of those satisfying noises out of him, and John was just as lost in the sensation of sliding his wet lips over Sherlock’s hard cock and grinding his arse against his face. It was
Keeping her mouth covered, he reached his hand between them to swipe at her clit. "Know what I think?" He growled as Molly's eyes rolled back and a muffled groan ripped itself from her throat. "I think you want me to fuck you until you scream and you hope someone hears you."
John flinched, and Sherlock's face became stony, as though he was determined not to let some fragile emotion bubble to the surface. John decided to stay on point. "Well, no more 9.66-inch cock for you until you're cleared."
Sherlock laughed bitterly, his eyes suddenly burning treacherously. "Are you going to tell me that it didn't mean anything? One doesn't take flowers to have meaningless shags."
created that spreadsheet, didn't you?"
John's hands were already making quick work of his trousers. "I accept your offer. This for your spreadsheet?"
John coughed on his drink. "God, no, I've set my sights a bit higher for tonight." Chris flushed deliciously. "I was just gossiping.
45 minutes later, Molly was gowned and had her feet in the stirrups, trembling slightly and holding Sherlock's hand as John dictated notes into his phone's voice memos app. Molly let his voice fade into the background. Swabs, scrapes, the pressure of a speculum. Stand there, hold the sheet here, click click. Squeeze this, tight pressure, this will sting, swallow these.
Trying valiantly to remain dispassionate in his analysis of the facts, Sherlock decided that John falling out of love with him was one possible conclusion. He cast his deductions farther, outside of 221b, to determine whether it was the only one.
?? I thought it was bloody fantastic."
. Liked to watch his face, to drive him to the edge, to see him unravel, with an expression that was tender, reverent … His eyes popped open again. “Oh,” he breathed. “Oh. You
Sherlock probably looked perfectly pleasant to anyone else, but John could see the irritation in his eyes. He was going to pay for this in some not-so-subtle way. He fumbled with some bills before dropping far too many of them on the bar. "Thanks for the drinks and conversation," he mumbled to Chris, turning to leave before he'd have to explain.
John looked confused for a half-second, then laughed. “Bloody mind reader. I told you to stop deducing me.”
Molly sipped at the water John had gotten her. "We went to dinner around 8. He seemed really nice, really charming and interested."
"I could talk to one of the strippers," John suggested. He'd tried to play it cool, but Sherlock's sharp eyes bore right through him.
He stood, pulling Sherlock to his feet, and silently led him to the bedroom. “Sherlock,” he murmured, reaching on tiptoe and pulling his face down for a kiss. Sherlock responded tentatively, not certain how to act in light of the glut of data John had thrown at him, as though he was unsure whether John really wanted this, wanted
Finally, Sherlock stilled for a minute, allowing his body weight to push John as far into him as possible. Then he craned his neck down for a soft kiss before breaking away, pulling John forward a bit so he could wrap his arms around him, nuzzling the side of his sandy head, and whispering,
His eyes filled with pity. "Of course, Dr. Hooper."
Sherlock handed him the next paper somewhat stiffly, making eye contact for only the briefest moment before dropping it miserably. John stroked his fingers as he took the paper. "Hey," John said softly. Sherlock pursed his lips a bit, looking away. "It's not that I'm not perfectly happy with what we have. Just ... a bit of a fantasy lately. Since the strip club. It doesn't mean anything."
Sherlock followed. "I'll come, I want to change out of these foul-smelling clothes." He sniffed. Antiseptic, all over him.
There was definitely a good reason for him to be here that had nothing to do with the scene behind him or the honey-colored eyes in front of him. John cast about to think of something clever to ask Chris that was remotely pertinent to the case. "All that touching seems a bit dodgy. Owners don't mind?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes so hard that John feared he might actually damage them. "Oh, that's just
John dropped his hand. "For fuck's sake, Sherlock!
Sherlock settled into a rhythm, starting off with slow, long strokes. John hummed his appreciation, rocking back into him. Relaxing, Sherlock considered his plan of attack. Now that John was comfortable, he zeroed in on increasing his pleasure. Bracing his knees firmly, Sherlock thrust roughly into John three times. And oh, but it was
The twink had wrapped his arms around Sherlock's neck, pulling him down for a quick, dirty kiss.
John threw his jacket at the coat rack. "That's private information, Sherlock. Nobody wants to hear about my penis size."
Sherlock huffed as though he thought they were being ridiculous. "How shall I start, then?"
John smiled drunkenly up at him, and Sherlock dropped another kiss to his mouth. John nosed at his ear, kissing at Sherlock’s jaw, and Sherlock huffed a quiet laugh before gently pulling out. John sucked a breath between his teeth, and Sherlock winced. “Sorry,” he murmured, kissing John’s eyebrow. John pushed against him gently, and Sherlock fell to his side, reaching into the bedside stand for a handkerchief and mopping up his and John’s bellies hastily.
hot."
John ignored that. "This is very nearly a walk of shame."
Silence.
"Good girl," Sherlock murmured, affection plain in his voice.
" Sherlock groaned. "Please, I'm so close."
"Not exactly," he murmured breathily.
, Molly. About how he didn't know how to save you from yourself. Watching you do this is destroying him, and you cannot stay in our home while you are doing things that hurt him. I know that's not your intent," he said, holding up a hand to Molly's open mouth. "You love Sherlock, and I know that. But I also know that he loves you, and he cannot watch you fall apart like this."
Sherlock cried out, sounding surprised by the suddenness and intensity of his climax. He slowed his movements, pressing down for one last, long kiss before pulling out and collapsing beside him. Brushing away the tears on Sherlock’s cheekbones, John burrowed close, tucking his head beneath his chin. He laid his ear against Sherlock’s chest, listened to his heart beating, and breathed.
Sherlock huffed his annoyance at John's smug demeanor and the restriction. "A month," he stated. John quirked an eyebrow. "It took a month for your college girlfriend to decide she didn't want to wait for marriage, after all."
John snorted. "What, in your
Sherlock tugged at his belt, fumbling a bit with the button, feeling a bit dazed at the rush of sensations. John was still behind him and his skin prickled, long-dormant nerves crackling to life with the anticipation of another touch.
John was shaking. "What the hell do you think you're doing??"
Sherlock huffed a laugh through his nose, and they talked through rules and expectations and what-ifs for the next half hour. Finally, when it seemed they had come to an agreement, Sherlock blurted out, "Can I kiss you?"
chose."
Molly swatted his hands aside, pulling at his belt buckle and tipping her head up for an urgent kiss as she unfastened his button and zipper. Taking a deep breath and attempting to steady the spinning room, she reached inside to grasp his quickly-hardening cock. He groaned and let his head thunk against the door as she stroked him to aching hardness. He raised his head again when she stopped, and held her gaze as she dropped to her knees.
and there was nothing I could do. I didn’t even know for sure if he was alive or dead.”
John heard the slick sound of Lestrade lazily stroking Sherlock's prick. "Bossy thing, isn't he?" He remarked with a smile, craning has head to swipe his tongue over Sherlock's bollocks.
John had rested his elbow on the back of Sherlock's seat and was now threading his fingers through his curls, massaging his sensitive scalp. He often did this while they watch telly in the evenings, and it always confused Sherlock how touching his hair could be calming and arousing in equal measure. Sherlock repressed the urge to moan, settling instead for nudging John's fingers when his hair-twirling stalled. John smiled fondly, eyes still on the screen.
Sherlock titled his head in understanding. "I see. That
a gay man for being gay.  There is no universe in which that makes any bloody sense. Your sister is a lesbian, for god’s sake. It’s all wrong!”
The doctor sat back, crossing his arms. "I'm not looking for absolution, but my suffering has a purpose. I look at all I've been through and I think,
John hadn't been especially looking forward to the evening. He hadn't been to a gay club since Uni, and it had been quite a long week, but Clara had called him and begged him to go out with her for her birthday. He felt guilty; they had kept up for a year or so after Harry had left her – – in truth, John preferred Clara to his sister – – but he'd gotten busy and stopped making an effort over the last several months. So here he was, getting let in by the bouncer and glancing around to find that he was not, thankfully, the oldest person in the place.
"Sod your stupid coat," John said as his fingers flew over Sherlock’s shirt buttons. "I've had a hard-on for 45 minutes."
"Sorry, mate," Greg groaned. "I've dreamed of shutting him up this way more than once. Got a bit carried away."
John smiled, holding eye contact just a moment longer than was really comfortable. "Ta!" He took a sip. This was a very bad idea; he'd already had two beers and adding a
"The sedatives they had you on drop your blood pressure," he said breathily. “You can’t afford to have any blood diverted away from your heart and brain for another day or two." With one last smooch, he pulled away with a self-satisfied smirk.
,” he gasped, stroking himself hard and fast as the aftershocks coursed through his body. He collapsed onto his chair. “Fucking hell,” he gasped, his breathing starting to slow as the rush of endorphins licked through his body.
“You know I can’t --
John yawned again. “Is that
"I have to go," Molly said firmly, reaching for her shirt and clasping two of the buttons before reaching for the door.
John bristled. "Oh, this is fucking rich.
Of course, Sherlock was unable to leave it alone, because he had no bloody boundaries. When John came home from Tesco, Sherlock was sitting in his chair with a manic gleam in his eye. "John! Are most of your episodes masturbatory or partnered?"
Molly was still watching him walk away when she blurted out, "Please tell me sex isn't ruined forever. Lie to me, if you must."
Sherlock huffed a quick laugh. "No, I mean I know for certain it's possible." As soon as the words left his lips, Sherlock winced and pressed his lips together firmly, as though to stop himself from saying anything else at the wrong moment.
Sherlock pulled John close as he shuffled backwards, not stopping until the couch hit the backs of his legs and they tumbled onto it. John spread his thighs wide so he could burrow against him, leaning in to kiss at Sherlock's ear for maximum closeness. A white-hot spike of desire shot through him, stalling his breath, and John smiled against him. The lips were replaced with teeth, grazing along the shell of his ear and raising goosebumps all along his neck. Sherlock ran his fingertips lightly up and down the small of John's back, relishing the little squirms as he brushed sensitive spots. A heat spread through Sherlock's belly as John's grazing turned into nipping. Sherlock turned his head to crush his mouth against John's, licking into his mouth urgently before catching a lip between his teeth and biting his way across John's jaw and down his neck. John let out a quiet moan and canted his hips forward for friction as Sherlock sucked a kiss to his pulsepoint.
Sherlock had never given much thought to John's previous sexual experiences; that is to say, he had paid his sex life no more attention than any other hobby. But he had long suspected, from John's increasingly incensed proclamations that he was not gay, that he had started noticing his passing attraction to men in Uni (that sidelong glance in the rugby photo Sherlock had found) and had been unable to pass it off to himself as a phase when he joined the Army and was surrounded by so many fit men. He was also very attracted to women, of course, and had had several satisfying sexual encounters with them since meeting Sherlock (3, to be precise, despite Sherlock's best efforts); so he had always figured that John had decided fucking women (26 in total, to be exact) was the better choice, given his family's lukewarm reaction to his sister's sexuality. This was completely asinine of course, but John was known to put the well-being of others ahead of his own desires. Sherlock deduced that John felt his family had been through quite enough with John going off to war and returning home broken, not to mention Harry's alcoholism, and that they did not need the further shock of finding out that both of their children were .... if not gay, certainly not straight. Sherlock had often pitied him for the way that his sister's poor choices in life had left John feeling that his were somewhat limited.
John was thunderstruck. "So you have."
John bristled. "I did all of this so I could be a doctor. Don't you think I have an obligation to use that gift and help people the best I can? Even if that means putting myself in danger?"
Sherlock kicked the vent cover and tangled himself into a good sulk against the wall. Without even seeming to look at John, he sighed his annoyance. "And of course you would be aroused right now. No respect for The Work."
John lifted his hips slightly but Sherlock moved out of range, sliding slowly up his body until his mouth was near his ear. "No touching," he admonished in that liquid sex voice of his. "What sort of establishment do you think this is?"
fucking lousy." John didn't argue. A long silence fell between them, and Sherlock thought over John's words. "It does bother you, though."
Sherlock sniffed. "I had no idea you were so attracted to him."
Smoothing a stubborn lock of hair into something resembling compliance, Sherlock turned from the mirror. "I feel quite certain that I'll have an easier time staying focused on the case with a naked woman in my lap, don't you?" John felt slightly abashed that his mind had slipped from the underage sex trafficking ring they were attempting to infiltrate. Sherlock shot him a withering look. "I daresay you'll get an eyeful regardless. Just focus on chatting up the bartender and don't get so distracted by breasts that you forget to watch my back."
Realization dawned.
"Do you think?" the man said, surprise in his voice. John turned to look at Sherlock with an eyebrow raised. The man leaned in conspiratorially. "I'd love to hear more about that."
John squeezed two handfuls and craned to watch. Suddenly, Sherlock was standing up. "Hey," John protested. "You said it was OK! No funny bu--oh Christ in heaven." Sherlock had turned around and pushed his rear end right up against John's lap, wiggling and swaying and -- there was no other word for it --
John considered this for a moment. “Think there’s any chance Mrs. Hudson will pretend she didn’t hear that?”
John was too alert to fall for it. "What does
-----
John petted Sherlock's leg pathetically. "Come onnnn, don't be angry. I'm very suggestible after ... 3 drinks."
Needing something to do, John made his bed, pulling it into military creases as he mulled over what had just happened. It's not that he'd never imagined being with Sherlock in that way, but to come into his room, his safe space, and just take what he needed from him? He'd have to buy a deadbolt for his door; Sherlock knew how to pick the lock on the doorknob. He pulled the duvet tight and smoothed his pillow, making sure there were no wrinkles. Sherlock was a naive guy, in many ways; John thought he had less intended to take advantage of him than he had not thought outside his own perspective to consider how John might feel. He decided to hop in the shower, to wash Sherlock off of him before going downstairs. He scrubbed himself, distracting his thoughts into making sure every part of him had been properly scrubbed and rinsed, until the raging in his head quieted and he was able to breath properly again. He toweled off brutally and changed into fresh lounge clothes before finally facing Sherlock.
John smirked. "Drink lots and flirt. Honestly, that was already my plan for the evening." He stole a glance around the room. "I haven't been in a strip club in ages. God, they're all so
John looked at him with sudden intensity. "
"I got tested today," Sherlock blurted out. "Should have the results in 7-10 days."
New tags! This is a pretty explicit chapter. --BK
Fingers slid out of him, and John crawled off of his chest and turned so he was lying beside him. He was in the middle of pulling Sherlock on top of him when he noticed the tension in his shoulders, the slight set of his jaw, the determined glint in his eye. After pulling him down for a quick, dirty kiss, he murmured in his ear. “Please, Sherlock. I won’t let you hurt me.”
Of course, Sherlock could tell that John was seeing quite a lot of Ella again. Every Monday and Thursday, he left the flat looking vaguely uncomfortable and returned, 94 minutes later, looking a bit more relaxed, a bit drained. He spent a lot of time writing by hand in a journal. Apparently, John had given up on creating a satisfactory passcode and was sticking steadfastly to hard copies, which, to Sherlock's frustration, he seemed to keep on him at all times. He glared inwardly, reminding himself that the inner workings of John Watson's mind were no longer his mystery to solve.
Another steadying breath. “I was studying to be a doctor, Sherlock. I couldn’t … Dad knew I couldn’t be a doctor with that on my record. So he said that it’d been him, and he was charged with another DUI and a few other things. He did a short stint in lockup, paid a ton of fines. He never told anyone.” He dropped his gaze to his hands, afraid to look up and see Sherlock’s face. “Anyway, things were weird with my Dad after that. He would halfway mention it around other people, always threatening me with what could happen if people found out. One day shortly after he got out of lockup, he told me that I needed to get this –” He paused, deciding how much to edit. “—gay business owner out of the neighborhood where he worked. Business was slow and he got it in his head that it was because no one wanted to come there with the ‘queer store’ two doors down. Told me I had to do it.”
Sherlock cut a glance at him. “I was about to be.”
Sally interrupted. "How much did you have to drink?"
John kissed him sleepily. "No hands. You're incredible."
After approximately 30 seconds of this, Sherlock let out an exasperated sigh. "What?" he asked, rather more aggressively than was acceptable immediately post-coitus.
He glanced over at Sherlock, who had allowed a blond twink to lace fingers and pull him onto the dance floor. Patti Smith was playing and he was smiling shyly at the smaller man as he swayed his hips gracefully to the music.
Sherlock was grinding against him now, and John distantly recognized the sound of Marc catcalling them. He rolled his hips in response, lust wrapping around him, spiking through him, and suddenly the thought of making Sherlock feel good was too much to handle. After a moment, John pulled away and they laughed breathlessly. Holding Sherlock's gaze, John rolled his hips invitingly through the last verse.
Sherlock felt a bubble of revulsion twisting his stomach, and cursed the 3rd glass of whisky for the sentiment that was spilling out of him. “Meanwhile, Vincent, an actual human, has had to live with humiliation, fear, and uneven cheekbones for the last 15 years. All so you could live out your dream of being a bloody doctor and getting yourself blown up in Afghanistan.” Sherlock glared at him. “And that’s what you’ll do again, of course. Protect your career and your reputation.”
John didn't answer right away, waiting for Sherlock to release a particularly tight muscle spasm. "Landed the wrong way when I tackled that kidnapper. It's not that ba-ad." John's voice faltered as Sherlock found another spasm. He groaned as the muscle fluttered and relaxed. "I thought this was going to be a sexy massage."
John stumbled past Sherlock, who was hunched over the kitchen table, looking into a microscope at God-knows-what. "Oh, you made coffee already, thank God." He poured himself a cup and took a long swallow. "Need a refill?" Sherlock murmured something that might have been assent, so John brought the pot over to the table and poured some in Sherlock's mug. He squinted at the slide. "That's not toxic, is it?"
Molly cocked her head, considering him with a sly smile. He was objectively pretty average -- small, brown eyes, round face, ruddy complexion. But he had a smile that lit up his face and a swagger that tipped him over into attractive.
, of all things. Contentment. “I’ve never been content in my life,” he murmured, apropos of nothing. But John just accepted it, understood it, in his John way.
Sherlock ducked his head as John stood on tiptoe to pull him into a surprisingly soft kiss. He had expected tongues and teeth and fire right off the bat, but John seemed to be content to take things slowly. He pressed soft-lipped kisses to Sherlock’s mouth as he gently stroked his face, rasping a thumb along his stubble, tracing over the shell of his ear, smoothing over his cheekbone. Only after he moved that hand to cradle Sherlock’s head did he tilt in and part his lips.
John snorted. "Hi, Nana. I'd like you to meet my lover, Sherlock."
arse –” John squeezed it for emphasis. “—I am very much looking forward to having you inside me.”
He pulled her up, holding her up by the arse, and fucked her against the wall. "You like that?" he breathed.
John stood, pulled Sherlock up with him. Still hazy with euphoria, he tipped his head up for another kiss as he tugged at Sherlock's belt and shoved his trousers and pants down around his ankles before pushing him back into the chair. He knelt in front of Sherlock, and flicked his eyes up at him nervously. "This might not --"
Sherlock nodded his gratitude and assent, and John brought round the tray of tea. "Of course. Tea?" Lestrade doctored his cup eagerly, and John took a cup simply to have something to put in his hands; he certainly didn't need the caffeine. Vincent sat stonily, looking as though he would sooner drink his own urine. Lestrade seemed to be embarrassed to be there, and made polite chitchat with John for a moment before the soldier finally decided to jump in. "So, what seems to be the problem?"
Sherlock pulled his underwear over his hips. “I’ve no idea what you’re on about,” he said, not quite meeting John’s eyes.
He sat next to her and called the bartender. "Another of whatever she's having, please." He turned back to Molly. "How about me, then? Seeing anything you like?"
"I was sleeping," John answered quietly.
"I really do,” John protested. “It's just, I've never ..."
"This is --"
A few seconds later, Sherlock clenched around John's cock and cried out as he came rather spectacularly. John chased his own orgasm, which he'd been staving off for ages, and a few seconds later he was shuddering, pouring into Sherlock as his body stiffened, mouth open in a silent scream.
"Leave it," she panted, rocking against him.
Shameless request -- this fic isn't getting much love. I'd love if you considered leaving concrit, encouragement, or kudos to let me know what
John sidled up against Sherlock and murmured into his ear. "You could always punish me." A faint smile played at Sherlock's lips and John's heart leapt. He was just starting to slide a sloppy tongue against his ear when the car stopped and the cabbie announced their arrival in a somewhat relieved voice.
.” His voice cracked on that last word.
John clutched at Sherlock’s back, running his hands over the ridges and bumps there, and pushed against him as much as he could. He felt like his skin was on fire, the sparks from inside him spreading and consuming his whole body while Sherlock remained damnably composed. “
." As John groaned and bucked and swore, Sherlock was overcome with the desire to lick him all over. Seeing no reason not to indulge, he ran a tongue slowly up John's spine, licks turning into nibbles as he found a particularly sensitive spot on John's good shoulder. He wiped his fingers and gripped John's hips. His cock was resting against John's entrance, and he was watching the man quivering with desire beneath him, when it crossed Sherlock's mind that he wanted to watch his debauched partner as he entered him.
“I’m here, Sherlock,” John reassured him, his gaze unwavering as his hips rocked up to meet him. “I’m right here, I’ve got you.”
Sherlock chuckled, the rumbling vibrations buzzing against John’s face. “Well, it was true with my other partners. I’m discovering that none of my prior experiences are of any use to me at all when it comes to you. It’s different.”
John knew he should be harnessing a cogent defense but found that his brain was moving much too slowly for that. "He told me the owners turn a blind eye to prostitution. Offered to set me up with a private session with the right stripper." It was lame and irrelevant and even in his state, John knew it.
OMG, my phone autocorrected you're to your and I missed it!! Mortifying!
John shuffled a bag of eyeballs over to make room for the milk on a low shelf. "Gads, that's disgusting. Yes, I wake up about half the time if it's just me." He thought for a moment about the times it'd happened with partners or in the barracks. "And I usually wake up if I'm with someone. Or at least I assume I do, clearly I can't always tell. Probably more like a 75% wake up rate with partners. Usually I wake up as I'm nearing orgasm, or if something jolts me -- a loud sound, or an unexpected movement, or pain, something like that." A quizzical look passed over Sherlock's face but John kept going. "Now that I'm out of the Army it's
of what I did. Me, not my father. He told me to scare him off, not to beat the man within an inch of his life. I was angry and he was vulnerable and I vented all of it out on him. It was cowardly, and vicious, and an act of terrorism. So, no, I'm not worried about my fucking
Sherlock stood up, spinning around and crawling back into John's lap, grinding up against him. "No," he corrected. "We're both going to paint my belly until there's come dripping all over both of us. It'll be all over your trousers and these knickers will be absolutely ruined but if you're a good boy, a very very good boy, a very very good
Molly sat up, indignant. "You don't have to sound so offended at the idea." She gestured at his crotch. "You seemed perfectly willing a minute ago."
He set his beer on the bar and hummed in mock concentration. "I can't decide if my favorite part is your gorgeous cheekbones, your beautiful smile, or your cute nose."
John sat up a bit, setting down his glass. “Sherlock, listen to me. You are not, nor have you ever been, my back up or my second choice. My James, the one that was alive in Afghanistan, was perfect for the person I was then, but you are perfect for me now. Yes,” he continued, seeing Sherlock’s mouth opening to protest,” --
"Mmm, sorry, got a bit lost there for a moment." John rolled on his side to face Sherlock, pulling slowly on the his drawstring and waiting for Sherlock's nod of approval before slipping his hand inside. Sherlock tipped his head back, exposing that glorious neck with the faintest of marks still visible. John considered sucking another one, higher up where everyone could see, but decided that he wanted to watch all of Sherlock's reactions instead. He liked firmer pressure than John, but shorter strokes. His face was beautifully expressive when he was aroused, all bitten lips and rolled-back eyes and slack-jawed moans. John pulled his hand up to spit on it and Sherlock's sharp eyes and helpless whimper made John chuckle and hold the hand up to Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock's eyes narrowed in lust for a moment and he leaned forward a few centimeters to add his own saliva. John returned the hand to Sherlock and the man's eyes rolled back in his head as an open-throated moan seemed to be ripped from him. A few quick strokes later and he was crying out, spraying into John's hand before collapsing back on the mattress.
Sherlock didn't look up from his book. "I've already read your blog post,  John, so you can stop all this insufferable pondering about what to say."
John's face was hot. "Oh my god, Sherlock, I'm so --"
Had he been captured? Paralyzed? Drugged? He listened harder. He heard traffic in the distance, through a window to his right. Squeaky footsteps in the hall. Two female voices speaking just outside the door. He made out the word
John crawled over him, kissing his way lightly up Sherlock’s body. He let his weight settle over Sherlock, meeting him for a soft kiss before rolling them on their sides. Weaving their legs together, they clutched at each other, pressing their foreheads together and letting the relief of their closeness wrap around them like a cocoon. They lay there, sharing breaths and occasional kisses, feeling the reassuring beats of their hearts against one another’s chests. After a time, John settled in to kissing Sherlock’s neck, laving every sensitive inch of it with attention. Sherlock quivered and panted against him. “
-- go back to pining after him. It had been that sentiment that had blinded him to what John really was. Yes, he was kind and brave and good, but he was also dark and dangerous.  His bow began to skip across the strings, and Sherlock's thoughts danced along with the music. There had been signs that John had a darker side to him, but he'd overlooked them. The reticence to discuss Harry's coming out; shooting a man to protect him when they hardly knew each other; not seeming to feel much conflict over killing a man. That was not normal. That was something
Molly smiled cheekily. "We'll just have to do our best to stay quiet then, yeah? I have two flatmates. At least one is wide awake and would interrogate you mercilessly."
John very nearly growled, tightening his grip in Sherlock’s hair. "You are being petulant," he said, pulling his cock away from his belly and guiding it into Sherlock's open mouth. "Suck," he commanded, and Sherlock did, hollowing his cheeks and sliding his mouth over John as best the fingers in his hair allowed.
Molly's breath quickened as adrenaline shot through her. His hands on her felt wrong, foreign, but also exciting, as though she was cheating death. She broke the kiss and he moved down her neck, releasing her arse to squeeze her tits as he kissed down toward them.
Sherlock considered John's cock for a long moment, then began swirling light fingertips against his hips and belly, grazing down to his thighs. John hardened further in anticipation, but the touch didn't come. "This is strange," Sherlock admitted. "Having it be your first time and my second." He brushed John's bollocks with the backs of his fingers; John dropped his head back in frustration. "Although, this is new. You weren't much on foreplay, just sort of ...
Smiling fondly, John squeezed back. “Happy Valentine’s Day, love.”
It was starting to get very crowded, and they were shouting directly in each others ears to be heard. Jack leaned in. "Do you want to get out of here, so we can talk more? Maybe we can go back to my place."
John huffed a sarcastic laugh. "Kidnapping case. He got called out a few hours ago to help Lestrade. And
Everyone stopped dancing long enough to knock back their tequila, and John's bear turned to ask someone else a question. John reached for Sherlock's hand and pulled him close, swaying his hips to the music and smiling up at him.
Sherlock decides a change in strategy is necessary. And they finally make it!
The heat of the whiskey burned in her chest and she felt. Felt herself being shoved, breached, taunted, pinned. She remembered her humiliation, and her disgust, and her terror. She remembered all of it as she finished one, two, three glasses of whisky, and then her memories started to soften and fragment, and she couldn't focus on any of them long enough to piece them together.
John huffed a laugh, and Sherlock swelled with pride (and other things) even though this had been an easy deduction; after all, when he woke up, John's trainers were gone along with their owner. This one hadn't taken a consulting detective. Sherlock squeezed some of John's shampoo into his palm and began scrubbing it through the short, greying hair. He leaned in for a slow, soapy kiss. "You don't need to work out," he murmured. "We chase criminals all over London. You get plenty of exercise.
Above her, John grunted, his voice giving him away. He was starting to lose his rhythm in her mouth, but he grabbed the back of her head and pulled her in for a few more deep thrusts before groaning into his orgasm.
"Jesus fucking Chr-- aaaah, more of that!" Sherlock repeated the swirling tongue-kiss movement with firm, slick pleasure, as John pushed against him, trying desperately to fuck his tongue. "Please, please," he pleaded.
Sherlock smiled against John’s lips. “Come to bed and I’ll show you. I’ll even demonstrate to make sure you understand all the terminology.”
alone, for about three minutes. But you seem intent on curing my loneliness."
and I got caught up in the experiment."
Gradually, everyone's breathing slowed, and one by one they got up to clean up, dispose of condoms, and get dressed. Molly's eyes were sleepy but her face was light again, and her shoulders were relaxed.
Molly poured some vegetable beef soup into a bowl. "Already did, I doubled my meds this morning. Guess we'll see." She sipped some broth off the spoon. "He wants to refer me to a therapist."
John wrinkled his nose. "Like mould?"
Molly knocked back most of the glass in one swallow. "No." She licked the whisky from her lips. "I'll feel better after."
to dance. Always have. Mummy signed me up for lessons when I was 7 and I took them for years, until some of the other boys found out. It wasn't worth it anymore after that, but I kept going to dances when I could and dancing on my own. Then once I got to uni I went to a bunch of raves and refined the style you saw tonight." He paused thoughtfully. "If you tell Lestrade, I will be forced to do something dramatic."
. But when Sherlock had shown him the
. Withdrawn.
"Good." John wiggled his hips against Sherlock's belly and gazed at him hungrily. "I'm going to fuck you into this floor."
John took a big swig of his drink to soothe his suddenly-dry throat, and felt a dizzy rush that was only partly due to the drink. "God, I hope he's not being a total prat."
-------------------------
is your other Valentine’s Day gift. I’ll let you open me up back at the flat.” John took a sip of his chianti, smirking over his glass and looking incredibly pleased with himself. Or at least, Sherlock was fairly certain that’s what happened; his brain had momentarily shut down. At any rate, when he rebooted, John was looking downright smug and nodding at his glass. “Why don’t you take a drink, love?” Sherlock emptied the last of his wine and Angelo brought over the bottle, asking if he wanted another glass.
Sherlock's widened in mild panic. "Lube," he protested.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, pushing himself up on one elbow to the face John. "Don't even consider suggesting what you are thinking."
“Well said.” John giggled in spite of himself, sliding his tongue under Sherlock’s foreskin until the man started wiggling in anticipation. He really laughed then. “My God, you’re impatient. Shall I get on with it, then?”
Sherlock laughed. "You can't drag me to the cinema and then expect me to
always is not good enough. Hell, for a prostitute,
John breathed slowly through his nose and held it a moment before exhaling and responding. "OK. You know what I know
"Oh, thank Christ," she murmured.
Sherlock nodded. "Rational. How very unlike you," he drawled, still not looking up from his microscope. "But I'm glad. Now that it's out in the open we can discuss whether it was an experience that bears repeating."
She lowered her shot glass and licked tequila off her lips. Caramel Voice's eyes stayed on her lips and she felt her heart thumping. He leaned in, slowly, and then closed the distance between them.
Sherlock's mind was working again, and he realized he had not yet unearthed the whole story. "You gave him red and yellow tulips. This has personal significance to the two of you; tulips are the unofficial flower of Afghanistan. You had an affair while you were overseas?" John looked uncomfortable. "
"I'm perfectly fine, John," Sherlock's voice echoed. "Just checking for explosives." He descended again, rear end hanging for a moment before he dropped more gracefully than he ought to have been able to. John reached over to brush the dust off of the back of his bespoke trousers. "No explosives," Sherlock lamented, "And we're between floors. There's no way to reach the door on the next level up without equipment. Although perhaps we could --"
It was the smirk that tipped John over. The last wall that had been holding back his madness crumbled, and when John regained his senses, he was thrusting down Sherlock's throat and listening to him choke. He pulled back, keeping the fat head of his cock in Sherlock's mouth but letting him catch his breath. "That man who had his hands on you. What do you think he'd think if he saw you now?" Sherlock swirled his tongue around John's thick cock. "He'd know you're mine, wouldn't he?"
John sucked in a breath. This was wrong, he should put a stop to it. Molly was his friend and he shouldn't be fantasizing about her body this way. It was an invasion of privacy to listen to Sherlock's ded--
Sherlock narrowed his eyes for a moment, nodded curtly, and reached for the journal he had abandoned on the side table that morning.
John didn’t even look up. “I don’t top. And of course you haven’t observed it, I’m always behind you when I’m sneaking a look. Think Greg caught me once, though.”
John’s eyes popped open as Sherlock slowly dragged across his prostate. He couldn’t hide the pleased smile from his face. He hadn’t been sure it would work, only known that the position had done wonders for him once. “Buggering
Sally stood. "I'm going to get us another round, and then I think I need to hear more about that."
John glared commandingly, and the effect was less limited by having a cock-stuffed mouth than Sherlock would have expected. He released John with a plaintive whine that swiftly changed into a soft grunt when John tackled him. His impending orgasm trickled away and he rallied his focus at the sight of the dangerous expression on John's face.
Sherlock finally looked up from his microscope. "
,” he breathed.
[I'm imagining that Sherlock is as masterful at playing violin as he is at everything else he puts his mind to. If he can play this well, he could probably play professionally. It's an incredible piece of music.]
Underneath him, Sherlock looked absolutely wrecked. He was sweating and clutching at John and writhing in some mixture of pleasure and desperation. "
Sherlock felt his thighs being pushed back and pulled them toward his chest, reaching around one leg to continue wanking. A long swipe of tongue caressed his opening and he groaned, gripping his cock tighter. "You."
"I know you're taking my pulse, Sherlock." John slid his tongue along Sherlock's lower lip. "Stop deducing me." Sherlock slid the hand back up John's thigh and let it rest there until he pulled it into his lap.
John rolled his eyes. "Eating roadkill does not make somebody
"God, you two. Lestrade, stop, I don't want to come yet."
it was, he was right on the edge. Three more thrusts and he was stiffening, mouth open in a silent scream as he thrusted through it.
, but mostly it was unintelligible. Then he heard footsteps inside the room, followed by the door opening, and then a very familiar voice.
