He angrily walked off to his first class, knowing he was going to be counted late. He didn't care. He was seething. There was nothing he could do. Not even the fucking education system could do anything. Angry tears threatened to spill from his eyes. He quickly wiped them before entering his classroom.
The omega's smile fell when he felt a presence behind him. He felt the heat of the person's breath on him.
"Really?" The omega arched an eyebrow. "I'm the same age as everybody there, yet you're fucking me on a daily basis. Do you really want to call them school kids?"
"Blah blah blah," Cas muttered. "I don't believe you. I'm a whale. My ankles and feet are always swollen and I'm so tired that we haven't sex in two weeks."
The oldest of the brothers went downstairs to the kitchen of the Harvelle's house, right next to their bar. He saw Ellen already up, making coffee and Jo eating a bowl of cereal at the dining table. .
"Damn," Meg sighed. "You better watch him tonight. Drunk people around a gorgeous alpha like that is not a great combination."
"Babe, where did you put the leftover candy?" Dean asked, wrapping his arms around the omega from behind.
"Dean, you're breathing down my neck and its really irritating," Cas whispered, trying not to wake Claire up.
"Quit squirming you little bitch," Alastair growled, banging the back of Cas' head into the hardwood floor beneath him.
"Dean, I'm hungry," Cas whined. "After three rounds of sex last night, I think I deserve a filling breakfast."
"I'll give you 3!" Cas exclaimed. "One, getting caught having sex in your car in the movie theater parking lot because you couldn't wait till we got home. Two, getting pulled over by a cop while my lips were wrapped around your dick. Three, the handjob you wanted in the diner we like going to, which led us to get banned. Do I need to go on?"
After dinner, Dean and Benny went out to the balcony to drink a bit while Cas excused himself to the bedroom to finish his essay.
After Dean dropped Cas off at his house, Cas went up to his room, quietly, with so many thoughts in his head. Before he could even reflect on his thoughts, Gabriel knocked on the door, opening the door.
"I can't wait to mate you. Mark you as mine." Dean growled, grazing his teeth over the sensitive part of Cas' neck.
All the way back to the apartment, Cas was silent, hugging his knees. Dean tried talking to him, but got no response.
"Cas," Dean spoke softly. "I fucked up our relationship 6 years ago. I will never fuck it up again. I lost you once. I'm not going to lose you again."
When they finally made it home, Dean and Cas both breathed a sigh of relief. The omega carefully carried Claire to their apartment, with Dean right by his side, making sure the newborn was okay.
"We don't have to go anywhere. We can have it here. You and your friends can drink since we'll be here looking after you and we'll play some games," Michael added.
The couple grabbed their mugs and went to the living room. Cas put his cup on the coffee table before grabbing his presents, putting them on the loveseat, diagonal from Dean. The first gift Cas opened was a brand new camera. It was one of those cameras that amateur photographers use.
Just as Cas' legs gave out, Dean scooped him up bridal style and walked them to the bed on shaky legs. The alpha softly laid Cas down on the bed then went to get a damp towel to clean the drying cum off of Cas. He tossed the towel aside and laid next to his mate. They laid side by side, not saying a word, breathing heavily. Dean looked over at Cas, smiling.
"You're new here, right?" Cas asked, deciding to break the silence. "This is a small college. I pretty much know almost everyone here. I've never seen you."
Cas looked up to see a dirty blond alpha with a beer in his hand. He slipped in the seat in front of Cas.
The couple popped more firworks, laughing and having fun. Once it started getting closer to midnight, they decided to lay on the hood of the impala and watch the firecrackers in the sky. Cas had his head on Dean's chest, his arm wrapped around Dean's waist.
He rushed to the kitchen, hoping to lick the spoon clean like he did when his mom baked. When he got there, he already saw Sam licking the spoon.
Cas was taken aback by the term of endearment his mother used, never calling him that before. He pulled away from the hug as Naomi let the couple in.
"I should've known," Dean chuckled before pulling almost all the way out to then thrust up harshly. "I know you like getting that sweet hole of yours abused."
"Yes, you fucking did, Dean!" Cas exclaimed. "At the cabin. We were too in the moment and you tied us together."
Cas rushed out of the kitchen. Everyone was staring at him, hearing the mother and son fight back and forth. The omega grabbed Dean's hand and pulled him towards the front door.
The Winchester sat there on the couch, starting to think about what was discussed before the couple fell asleep. He wanted to go back in the army. But knowing Cas was scared of Dean leaving and potentially not making it back home left him feeling guilty.
Cas sighed, sitting on the floor, his knees to his chest. "Okay, I need you to do me a huge favor and please, for the love of god, don't freak out."
"Aw, Cas, buddy, I'm sorry. That guy is an asshole," Dean said, hugging Cas hesitantly, not sure of the physical contact.
"You like that, baby boy?" Dean asked, breathing heavily, moaning when Cas tightened around him. "You like riding daddy?"
"Cas is a nervous wreck," Dean started. "He's going crazy trying to make everything perfect. His mom isn't helping very much. She insists on certain things that Cas hates. For instance, Naomi wanted white roses for the center pieces, but Cas wanted wild flowers. I'm just glad mom is helping to calm Cas down and work through everything."
Benny laughed a bit. "When you were in high school, your omega was probably still learning how to tie his shoes."
He remembered that they were having football tryouts. Cas decided to go sit in the metal bleachers and at least get some sun. Not that he wanted to see Dean. That would be weird.
"I'm sorry," Cas apologized, petting her hair. "She can't do anything. You're always welcome to visit Dean and me."
"Well, I've never fucked someone that was 10 years younger than me. I definitely liked doing that," Dean retorted.
Dean kissed the omega softly, before getting up from the bed. Cas whined, reaching for the alpha to come back.
Dean groaned and went to sit in the waiting room again, this time away from the Novaks. It wasn't much later that Dean's parents rushed in. Dean got up to hug them.
The omega pulled out his graduation cap and gown after he finished dressing. He smiled as he put it on, standing in front of the mirror. Cas had to admit, he was proud of himself. He finished high school with A's and B's and was accepted to the state college that was 25 minutes away. Not to mention he was now engaged and gave birth to a beautiful, healthy daughter. He was happy with how his life was going.
Dean narrowed his eyes at the other alpha, a growl coming from the back of his throat. Cas smelled the bitter scent from Dean so he put his hand on the alpha's thigh, rubbing it to try and calm him down.
He was going to trash the invites to his mom's family. It was bad to say out loud, but he hated Naomi's family. His cousins were stuck up brats and their parents weren't any better. Maybe he would keep a few jealous cousins. It would be nice to rub his relationship and new family in their faces.
Dean kissed along Cas' neck, grazing his teeth near his pulse. The omega immediately submitted, baring his neck to the alpha, turning to putty in Dean's hands.
Every Sunday, the Winchesters along with Bobby, Ellen, and Jo gathered to have family dinner. Cas loved being around Dean's family. Ever since the Novaks moved next door, and Cas and Sam became friends, the omega always felt welcome in their home.
"Morning, baby," Dean replied. "You need to check this out. It's getting bad out there." He pointed to the tv, turning the volume up.
Gabe nodded, pushing on the door, successfully closing it, after Dean gave up on holding the door open. Cas went over and grabbed the bag from his brother. The medicications that Cas needed for Claire were in the bag. He couldn't help but crack a small smile.
"I hated the first one," the alpha agreed, holding onto the omega's hips. "Tiny kitchen, tiny bedroom. That one is out."
The mirror in front of Cas started fogging up from Cas' pants and moans. Dean yanked the omega's hair, making Cas cry out, to make his head snap up.
The drunk guy nodded intensely. Dean put him down, pushing him backwards. He stumbled, but quickly went back to his group.
"The usual stuff. She wants me to move home with her and Ben and be a family. She wants to make a big family of our own."
"It doesn't matter what you think anyway, Dean," Naomi snapped. "If I'm paying for the party, I should get a say in what happens. You should be thanking me. Especially since you can barely afford to keep the lights on."
Dean pulled Cas onto his lap, resting his hand on the waistband of his cotton panties. "I just felt like having a cigarette."
The younger Winchester got up and hugged Dean tightly. For only being 18, Sam was already as tall as his big brother. Sam had just presented as an alpha before Dean left for training.
"I'm looking at the settings now. I wanted to get some pictures of us and the fireworks," Cas answered. "If not, I brought the ring light for my phone."
"No, Dean," Cas argued, sitting at the vanity. "I want to go. So either come with me or let me go alone dressed like this."
Cas placed the pregnancy test on the night stand, walking away from it, trying not to focus on what the outcome would be.
Cas agreed and the couple went back to their bed, laying down. The omega had his head on Dean's chest, feeling the warmth radiating off of the alpha's skin.
"No, not really. Mom and dad keep telling me it will happen, but it's been past the time it took you to present," Sam said, his shoulders slumped. "I just don't want to be an omega."
Once the couple finished packing everything, they sat on Cas' bed, exhausted. They admired the bare room, everything packed in suitcases or boxes.
Cas' hand traveled to the alpha's crotch, feeling at the hard length straining against the fabric of Dean's jeans. He squeezed Dean cock, stroking it through the fabric.
Dean remembered something; something to ease the tension. He pulled a small remote from his pocket, placing it on the table for Cas to see. The alpha cleared his throat, trying to get Cas' attention from watching the couples dancing.
"Oh my god, Dean," Cas said, turning to look at the alpha. "This is beautiful. When did you do this?"
"Don't worry about it," the alpha protested, helping Cas out of his flour covered clothes. "You take a shower and I'll get you something comfy so you can put your feet up. I'll get the pies out of the oven."
Once the movie was in, the alpha went back to lay down and wrapped an arm around his fiancé. Cas cuddled up against him with his head on Dean's bare chest.
"I want to apologize about Friday. I'm really sorry, Cas. I hope that didn't mess up our friendship," Dean apologized.
"I know," Cas breathed out, running a hand through his messy hair. "I just don't want to face my brothers. My parents will still be at work, thankfully, but I know Lucifer will for sure be there."
Cas swallowed the lump in his throat, a hand resting on his stomach protectively. "You're not going to take anything."
Cas got up and joined his parents in the kitchen. He was scared of what they were going to tell him.
"Actually, she just told me to come talk to you." Gadreel breathed a laugh. "I was the one that wanted to ask you out."
Cas groaned, hanging his head. The guests laughed along with Gabriel. The older Novak hugged Cas from behind, kissing the top of his head.
The omega held Dean's face, kissing back fiercely. Dean pulled Cas' underwear off before shedding himself of his own. Pulling away from the kiss, the alpha moved his hand down to Cas' slick, waiting hole, pushing a finger in.
"Hey, Meg." Cas hugged her. "We went to Pat's to get a bite last night. We thought you would be there."
The couple started their long trip to the cabin, talking and laughing about how much fun they're going to have. Cas couldn't be any happier than he is now.
The next morning, Dean woke up without Cas beside him. He looked around the room to see if he was still there. His backpack and jacket were still there.
"He'll be fine. He's in good hands here," she reassured Dean. "I need you to fill out some paperwork."
As great as it felt, Cas needed more. He pushed back onto Dean's cock, trying to get him to quicken his pace. Taking the hint, the alpha did what Cas wanted. His thrusts became faster, but not enough to get them off too quick.
"It's only the third quarter. Maybe Dean will get his chance," Charlie told Sam, still standing on the bleacher seat.
"Dean, I love it," Cas told him, squeezing his boyfriend's hand. "I wouldn't change it for the world. It's beautiful."
"Why didn't you tell me earlier? Don't try to keep things from me. I don't want that, especially since we'll be married in a couple of months."
Cas' cheeks tinted. "What? No. I mean, he's attractive, but it's not going to turn into anything. I'm not looking for a relationship right now."
The alpha pressed hand against Cas' forehead. "You're a bit warm." He led the omega to the bed. "Lay down, I'll get you some ginger ale."
"God, but you're so damn beautiful," Dean said, his hands on Cas' hips, pulling him closer. "You can't blame me for wanting this with you."
"I mean come home. We'll accept this thing you have with Dean, just come back home," the Novak mother begged.
"Thanks." Dean smiled, grabbing his shower caddy and the clothes he left out on his bed before walking out.
Cas cracked his eyes open a bit, groaning at the sunlight coming in. Dean chuckled, leaning forward to kiss Cas' forehead.
"That'd be nice," Cas agreed, handing Dean the phone. "Can you believe we're about a month and half away from our pup being here?"
The blue eyed man took a seat next to Dean, watching the television intently. Schools were closed, malls were closed, the grocery stores limited their hours. Everywhere you turned business after business were closed. It was like the end of the world.
Cas smiled, walking over to Dean. The omega took the glasses out Dean's hand, setting them down on the cart, and put the alpha's hands on Cas' waist.
"It's fine." Cas smiled. He looked back at the knothead that was hitting on him. "As you can see, my mate is here. I don't need you to buy my drinks."
"I can smell it on you, sweetie," Mrs. Millie chuckled. "Don't worry. The first trimester is always the worst. I was throwing up all the time and so exhausted for no reason. So, how far along are you?"
"Well, I know you love taking pictures on your phone, so I thought to get you something more professional looking. I figured with the pup coming you would want to take a lot of pictures of them," Dean explained.
"It's really nice meeting you guys. Gilda and I were just talking about making friends with someone close to our due date," Charlie said.
Before Dean could even reply, Cas dropped to his knees, undoing the alpha's jeans, pulling out his half hard cock. The omega looked up at his new mate as he licked the whole length of his cock. He flicked his tongue up the slit, making Dean breathless.
"Claire, why don't you take Jack and play in your room while daddy and I talk," Cas suggested, walking back.
"Oh," Cas realized, trying to cover himself with the door from the alpha's gaze. "It's, uh, nice to meet you."
The alpha kissed Cas roughly, holding on to his hips. Cas moaned as Dean started licking into his mouth. Dean flipped them so he was hovering over the omega.
"Um, yes, I have," Cas told her, not finding a reason to lie especially when he's pregnant with Dean's pups.
Being as hard up as Dean was, he might have gone over the speed limit to get to his house faster. They successfully snuck in, avoiding his sleeping father on the couch and his sleeping mother and brother in their rooms.
Dean breathed a sigh of relief, bringing Cas in for a sensual kiss. Their mouths stayed together for a while. After Dean pulled away, he put the engagement ring on Cas' left ring finger.
"Hey, I was thinking since it's Friday, do you wanna come over to my house to watch some movies after the game?" The green eyed boy queried.
After getting out of bed, Dean started packing up the ice chest with food and drinks while Cas got dressed. Everything was packed. All Dean had to do was pack it in the impala. Cas walked out of the bedroom wearing jean shorts and a light pink pullover hoodie that said 'Daddy's Girl' on it.
The two brothers were close. They always were. The Novak house was chaotic. With 5 children and the oldest two always in a quarrel, how can it not be?
Cas came with a cry, grabbing onto Dean's back, waves of pleasure coursing through him, making him spasm, his omega cock spurting the last of the white liquid.
Dean went to get the fireworks from the trunk of the impala and grabbing a beer and a juice from the ice chest. He put the firecrackers on the ground, handing Cas the juice.
Cas rolled his eyes and threw the three pregnancy tests he took at the alpha. "I know you heard me, Dean."
"I should've listened to the part of my brain that kept telling me that you wouldn't do something like that. That there had to be something wrong. I'm sorry for doubting you."
The alpha pistoned his hips, his knot swelling and catching. Cas painted his stomach and chest with a silent cry.
"Oh, really?" Dean asked, shocked. He grabbed the phone from his boyfriend, putting it up to his ear. "Hey, man!"
"Of course I'm awake. I'm getting married today!" Cas exclaimed, happiness radiating throughout his body.
The older Novak picked up his niece and started swinging her upside down by her legs, all while Claire was giggling and waving her arms.
"He's like a brother to me," Sam told him, pulling away. "I kinda got worried when he didn't come to meet me at lunch."
"Oh, he's in the waiting room. The doctor insisted we come see you first," Naomi said. "How are you feeling? How's the pup?"
The waiter came back with their drinks and they decided to go ahead and order. When the waiter left, the couple didn't say anything. Maybe bringing up the army at dinner wasn't such a good idea. Dean knew Cas hated thinking and talking about it. He felt bad for saying anything.
The oldest Winchester groaned, rolling over to look at the clock reading 6 o' clock. "Dude, school doesn't start 'til 7:30."
"I found it in one of the boxes we had in the other room," Dean answered, finally giving Cas the journal. "You really did have a huge crush on me, huh?"
"It's probably going to take time to fully accept you. I know she can be a little rough, but at least she came over here to apologize," Cas answered.
"Well, kind of, I guess," Cas said, shrugging. "I knew Sam and your mom were going to your family's house for the weekend, so I thought maybe you may be here alone."
Once Naomi brought the main dish out, her and Chuck took their seats across from Dean and Cas. Everyone held out their hands to hold. It took Dean a second to realize they were getting ready to pray. Chuck started to saying a prayer as they held hands.
"Of course I am," Cas retorted. "Everyone at school knows I'm pregnant because Dick told everyone. So now people are assuming the pup is his."
Benny decided to leave since it was already after midnight. He thanked Dean and hoped they could get a drink before he left. Dean happily agreed, giving Benny a quick hug before letting him out.
Cas faked a laugh at the alpha that stood before him. His mother introduced them, telling Cas that the alpha just made manager and pointed out that he was single before leaving Cas and the alpha to talk. The omega was getting uncomfortable at the way the alpha was looking at him, eyeing him up and down.
"That's impossible, Dean. It is not possible for you to beat three alphas by yourself and not be in a coma," Cas challenged, sipping his beer.
Later, as the sun was going down, the couple sat at the fire pit that Dean started. Cas cuddled up to Dean, wrapping the blanket tighter around him. Dean wrapped his arm around Cas, rubbing his side. The omega leaned up to kiss Dean's cheek.
Next period, Cas sat with Charlie and Garth at the big science table. They chatted about random stuff for a while before the bell rang to start class.
Cas dragged himself up from the bed, his stomach in knots, to grab his phone from his backpack. He dialed his Gabriel's number and listened to the ringing.
Dean growled, pushing in Cas' hand. The alpha pulled away from the kiss, pushing Cas down on the bed. He quickly unbuckled his own jeans, tossing them aside before focusing on undressing the omega.
Cas hit Dean's ass with the back of his hand as the omega walked past him to grab Claire's high chair. He set it up so Dean could strap her in. Cas grabbed a little bowl of organic apple sauce to start feeding the pup before they left.
When they finally pulled up to their designated camping area, Cas was in awe. It was beautiful. There was a clearing right next to the lake. Trees surrounded the area, giving off shade. The lake was sparkling from the sunlight. A couple of picnic tables sat off to one side. There was a fire pit in the middle of the clearing.
Giving the omega what he wants, Dean picked up his pace a little more, angling his hips to thrust into Cas' prostate over and over. Cas started moaning and cursing as his orgasm built up. He cradled the back of Dean's head with one hand. Dean continued whispering sweet nothings in Cas' ear.
The French alpha's eyes lingered on Cas, looking him up and down before walking away. Cas swirled the wine in the glass and took a sip.
Cas tried not to laugh, biting back a smile. He nodded, grabbing Dean's hand to lead him to the bedroom. Once there, the omega slid his nurse's costume off, standing there with just black lacy panties.
Dean pushed past Cas and grabbed the guy by his shirt collar, lifting him off the ground a bit. "Get out of here before I kick your ass and throw you off this cliff," the alpha threatened.
The omega grabbed Dean's hand, squeezing it, yelling in pain. Dean didn't show any pain, even though Cas was squeezing the hell out of his hand. The alpha brushed Cas' hair off his forehead before kissing it.
Dean chuckled before kissing his ass cheek softly, getting closer and closer to the omega's pretty hole. The alpha began licking at Cas' entrance slowly, making the omega's knees buckle.
"You're siding with her?" Cas snapped then laughed bitterly. "How thick are you? She's trying to get you back. Can't you see that? She's manipulating you."
Dick chuckled darkly. "You've still got that attitude." The alpha sniffed at Cas' neck. He moved away from the Omega, a surprised look on his face. "Are you pregnant?"
"He's fine. It was false contractions. We ran tests just to make sure, but everything came out fine. He's perfectly healthy," the doctor explained.
"Well, I hope you two have a good day," Ms. Mosley said, smiling. "Make sure you bundle up, Cas. It's getting cold. I don't want you and your pup getting sick."
They followed Chuck to the dining room. Naomi was already setting everything up. A bowl of salad sat in the middle of the table with a basket of bread and another bowl with mashed potatoes. Dean pulled out a chair for Cas to sit before sitting next to him.
Sam walked over to the living room, taking a seat opposite Cas, a water bottle in his hand. Cas looked up from his sketch book, smiling at the younger Winchester.
"It's very nice, Gadreel," Cas said, calming the alpha down a bit. "I know it's hard to get a reservation here."
When Dean got home, he found Cas on the couch with Claire in his lap, reading to her. Dean smiled and walked over to sit next to his fiancé.
The omega was still upset about yesterday. Dean held on to him all night. The alpha hated to admit it, but he was glad that Cas saw Naomi's true colors. It hurt him to see Cas upset, but it made him happy to know that Cas now seems how Naomi is towards him.
Cas immediately kissed Dean back, holding his cheek. Dean deepened it, letting his tongue explore Cas' mouth.
"Of course," Mary chuckled. "That sounds nice. I'll need to make a list of everything I'll need. Do one of you mind going to the store for me?"
"Cas, stop," Dean protested, but the omega didn't listen. He pushed Cas away from him, enough to look in his eyes. "I said quit it."
At the end of the day, Cas and Dean laid side by side in the fort they built with the kids. Claire and Jack were fast asleep in their rooms, tuckered after playing with their fathers all day.
After getting their snacks, they went to go sit in the theater. Usually the couple sits in the top row just in case either Cas or Dean gets a little too handsy.
The alpha softly laid Cas back on their bed, hovering over him, capturing the omega's lips hungrily. He stood back to start undressing Cas, but noticed something.
"The angel of Thursday," The alpha cut Cas off. Cas looked at him quizzically. He shook his head and chuckled. "My little brother, he, uh, he's into stuff like that. But I like it."
"What are you doing here?" Gabe asked. He looked around the bare room and at the suitcases and boxes. "You're leaving?"
Dean started breathing through his mouth so he couldn't smell the omega's sweet scent. He maneuvered around Cas, the back of his calves hitting the couch. Cas smirked, still walking towards him.
She poured wine in the two glasses that were on the table before handing Cas and Gadreel the menus. "I'll give you a minute."
"I don't want to hear anything you have to say," Cas snapped, tears rolling down his cheeks. "Stay the hell away from me."
The omega was wearing tight, black jeans with a cream colored long sleeved, cotton button up that tied in front, showing off a sliver of his stomach. Cas walked over to the tall mirror, checking himself.
Meg called Cas to tell him she was here. The two friends drove to school. When they got there, Meg went her separate way to her locker and Cas went the other way.
Before Dick could finish saying anything, another alpha, that Cas hasn't seen before, came up to them.
Dean led the omega to their table. He pulled out Cas' chair before sitting next to him. A waiter came and set two champagne flutes in front of them to pour the bubbly drink.
"Yeah. The couch was empty when I woke up this morning. He left a note," Ellen says, handing over the note.
The breath caught in the omega's throat. He tried to act unfazed by the attractive alpha staring at him. Cas turned back around quickly before the alpha would think Cas was interested.
"Look," the omega said, trying not to meet Gadreel's eyes. "This flirting back and forth is nice. I haven't done this in a long time, but the thing is I don't know if I'm ready to date. I just got out of a long term relationship. The wound is still fresh."
Cas woke up from crying himself to sleep the night before. Although it was a school day, he couldn't go to school. He felt sick to his stomach and not from the pregnancy.
Cas rushed inside the house, slamming the door behind him. He slid down to the floor with the door on his back.
Dean chuckled, getting up from the couch, Cas with his legs still wrapped around him. Cas was always impressed how Dean can pick him up so easily, even with the extra weight gain from the pup.
Charlie looked between the two roommates, noticing how flustered they both were. She smiled knowingly, but didn't say anything.
Dean pulled up Cas' sweater to reveal his taut stomach. "Hey, little guy," Dean said to the omega's tummy. "Or little girl. Or whatever. It doesn't matter."
Still playing with his fiance's nipples, Dean moved his hand to reach for the plug Cas was wearing, feeling at the slick covering it, almost dripping out. He pushed the plug in and out before tossing it aside, replacing the plug with two fingers, pumping them in and out.
"I said no, Dean. It's not gonna happen. I will tell them myself," the omega said, getting up from the bed to grab one of Dean's t-shirts, pulling it on. "Now, how are we going to tell your parents?"
Cas' orgasm swelled in the pit of his stomach. The only sounds coming out of his mouth were little gasps of 'uh, uh, uh, uh'. The closer he got to his orgasm, the higher his voice went.
"No," Cas snapped, eyes watering. "He made his choice. He doesn't get to know her. I will never let that happen."
"Oh, come on, you grumpy baby," Charlie teased, poking him in the chest. "You, me, Gabe, club. Friday night. I know a great one."
The alpha brought Cas' legs to wrap around his waist, pulling him closer, and started picking up the pace of his thrusts, licking and nibbling Cas' neck. Cas' heart sped up anxiously waiting for the bite, all while he held on to his new husband, moaning and cursing.
The alpha leaned over, cupping Cas' cheek, and kissing him tenderly. Cas sighed, immediately kissing back. The omega moved to lay on top of Dean, laying his head on his chest. Dean ran a finger up and down Cas' back lovingly. Cas was practically purring, feeling like he was on cloud nine.
After two glasses of champagne, Cas finally sauntered out in a white, babydoll with a sheer lace bodice, an a-line hem and a V-neckline with a matching thong. The omega's small cock was standing at attention, peeking through the waistband of the underwear.
"I'm sorry." Cas calmed down, pushing the hair sticking to his forehead back. "And I'm sorry you saw my ass."
Dean decided to play Mario Kart while they stayed there. He knew Charlie wouldn't mind. Cas leaned against Dean, scrolling through his phone, glancing up every so often to watch Dean play the video game.
Claire blew a raspberry at her causing Dean to almost laugh out loud, proud of his daughter's judge of character. Cas glared at Dean, wiping the smile off of the alpha's face.
Dean chuckled, hugging his beta mother. "I'm going to be 28 soon. You couldn't expect me to live with my parents still."
Cas made a high pitched whimper as Dean started eating him out. He tried to grab something for leverage before his legs have out. As if reading his mind, Dean grabbed onto the omega's waist to steady him.
The omega complied, getting on the bed, wiggling his ass. Dean cursed under his breath. He quickly undressed and stood behind Cas, massaging the perky ass of the teenager.
After Cas was satisfied with how clean the apartment was, he drew himself a bath. He got undressed and sat in the tub, the warm, bubbly water soothing his body. Cas relaxed,resting his head against the wall behind him.
When Dean added another finger, Cas started pushing back of the alpha's fingers, wanting more. Cas pushed his hand away before grabbing Dean's cock from behind and slowly sitting on the hard length.
Cas smiled, kissing Dean softly, letting their tongues dance together for a little while before he pulled away. He got off of Dean's lap and sat next to him.
"And you had to wait for my alpha to leave," Cas smirked, turning to face Dick and Crowley. "Too scared of Dean?"
"I really loved the third one. It was perfect. Amazing kitchen, huge bedroom, double vanity sink in the restroom, a big living room," Cas droned on, smiling.
That little control he had was tested even more when Dean decided to grab and pick up Cas' leg to bend it and put it up on the counter, finding that bundle of nerves inside Cas just to continuously hit it straight on with every harsh thrust.
Dean started feeling his knot swell and Cas tightened around him. He pulled at the young boy's hair harder, thrusting harshly.
"This is normal for first time pregnancies. It's just getting the body ready for what's to come. No one could've avoided it," the doctor answered. "You're welcome to see him. He's resting. We gave him some mild pain killers. Room 245."
"How can you fuck a loser like that? I'm available if you ever want to fuck an outgoing, beautiful, beta," the beta hiccuped.
The omega chuckled, kissing Dean. "Alpha, that was the best sex I've ever had. That felt unbelievable. I don't think I've ever had such an intense orgasm in my life. I was seeing stars."
A little while later, Mary, Ellen, and Jo showed up, much to Naomi's dismay. Still, the Novak mother invited them in. Dean went to greet them.
Claire hesitated, but ate it. Cas huffed, crossing his arms, watching Dean feed their daughter with no problem.
"You don't have to be. I deserve it. They have the right to be angry with me. Any older sibling would do the same," Dean replied.
"Cas is legally an adult. He made his choice to stay with me. Especially since you kicked him out. I'm taking care of him now. You don't have to worry," Dean added.
"Wait, let me try one last time. I have a good feeling about this one," Dean spoke holding up a dollar.
The crowd hushed when the banner for the football team came out. The tiger mascot was trying to get the crowed hyped with help from the cheerleaders.
Dean led Cas to the dining room after he got dressed. Cas hummed happily, sitting across from Dean, looking at the pancakes on his plate.
The omega pulled the sheets and blanket off the bed, not realizing Dean was tangled in them. Dean rolled off the bed onto the floor with a loud 'thump.'
Before he could even reach the doorknob, someone pinned him to the wall. Cas already knew who it was even before being turned to look at the perpetrator.
"Dean?" Cas touched the alpha's arm, noticing the change in his scent. "Are you okay? Is something wrong?"
"Good. I think you'll do better in college. You can make more friends and I'm sure there won't be anymore harassment."
"Um, I've been doing good," the omega answered. "The morning sickness has started going away. I'm just constantly tired."
Dean couldn't help the smirk that crossed his lips. He remembered the way all the alphas and betas looked at him when he was with his ex girlfriend, Lisa. Not that it lasted long. She cheated and he wouldn't have it.
Cas arched his back, pushing his ass in the air, still sucking and licking Dean's cock. Dean guided Cas's head, tugging and pulling his dark hair, moaning encouragments.
They got to the impala and Dean put Cas down to get in the car. The alpha drove back home while Cas pouted with his arms across his chest in the passenger seat.
The alpha grabbed Cas' hand. "Hey, don't let anyone try to take advantage of you just because you're an omega. If you want, I can go beat some sense into that asshole."
"So, this was all a setup? The crying? The whole breakdown scene?" The oldest Winchester continued to question.
Sam stuck his tongue out at Dean, standing beside their mom, knowing Dean wouldn't do anything to him if he stayed next to Mary.
"My mother forced me to compete in different academic competitions. Ever since I was 5, she wanted me to be ahead of everyone else. She wanted me to make something of myself." Cas relived the memories as he told the alpha. He sighed, shaking his head. "I know I should want to burn them, but I'm proud of my accomplishments."
Dean moaned through the kiss, tightening the grip on Cas' hips. The omega deepened the kiss, moving with Dean's thrusts.
"Hmm," Dean hummed, thinking about the question. "Maybe to start making a better effort to save money for the pup."
Cas chuckled, continuing to help unpack. The omega was so ecstatic that he got along with Dean's family really well. He was scared when Dean invited him to go have dinner at his Uncle's house, but luckily they welcomed the omega with open arms. Bobby was a beta, as was Ellen. Jo was an omega and step daughter to Bobby. Ellen's first husband died in a car accident when Jo was young.
"Um, I'm gonna get to class a little early. I have to finish up some homework," Mick mentioned. "I'll, uh, see you guys later."
"Okay, okay, you've made your point," Sam exclaimed, rolling his eyes. "Really, Cas? You had to start dating my brother?"
Dean grabbed Cas' thighs to pick him up off the counter. Cas automatically wrapping his legs around Dean's waist. He took them to his bedroom, laying Cas on the bed gently. The alpha practically tore Cas' jeans off before discarding his own. He surged back to Cas' lips.
Cas swallowed, not taking his eyes off of Dean's member. Dean couldn't help but smirk, his eyebrow cocked.
I'm sorry I haven't updated in quite a while. I've been writing a lot though. I hope you enjoy this chapter. I know my writing isn't that great.
"So, Dean-o," Gabe started, clasping Dean's shoulder roughly. "What are your intentions with our little brother?"
Hearing Cas whimper from the friction made Dean light headed. Dean has always wanted to make Cas moan since the omega hit puberty and presented.
"Well, I made them for you. I'm trying to practice so I can make a great pie like your mom," the omega mentioned.
They were seated by a dancefloor. A small local band played love songs while there were couples swaying in rhythm. Cas and Dean ordered their drinks and started chatting as they waited.
The omega glanced at the clock, groaning at the time. It was getting late and he still needed to get ready. He closed his laptop, going to the bathroom to start taking a shower. He let the hot water fall over him, taking in the warmth, letting his hand rest on his stomach.
"This is my daughter Claire," Cas introduced, helping his daughter walk closer to them. "Claire, this is my friend Dean."
"Sam and I got invited to a Halloween party. Maybe we could find some costumes," Cas suggested, giddy with the idea.
Cas sighed contently, wrapping his arm to rub at the back of Dean's neck. "So, maybe you do like trying new things every once in a while."
After first period, Dean and Cas started walking to their second period with help from Cas' map. Cas was kind of giddy that Dean wanted to go to their second period together.
The omega smiled, settling into bed. "You could have still fucked me. I just would've let Benny fuck my mouth. I've never been spit roasted before."
"She's fine, babe. My mom is taking good care of her. We'll see her bright and early tomorrow morning. Okay?"
"Luckily, he's fast asleep in his room. I just finished feeding him before you guys came over," Gilda answered with a mouth full of pizza.
Dean pulled Cas closer to him by Cas' thigh. The alpha covered his cock with his boyfriend's slick before lining up and slowly pushing into Cas' waiting hole. They both moaned at the feeling of being together.
"Not at the moment," the nurse answered. "They're still running tests. A doctor will come out and tell you the news when they're ready."
"Finally. Now I don't have to worry about you two being so loud," Sam said, shaking his head in disgust.
The couple danced for a while, but ended up driving home when the omega's feet started to hurt. Dean opened their front door, letting Cas go in first. Cas gasped when he saw rose petals all over the apartment. He walked in, following the trail of flowers to their bedroom where there were candles and more rose petals arranged on their bed in the shape of a heart.
"I want your big, alpha cock inside me, daddy," the omega said, looking up at Dean with his big blue eyes, pupils almost covering the blue from lust.
"Just another 20 minutes," Castiel replied, looking at his daughter in the rearview mirror. "Are you excited to see your aunts and uncles?"
The soft sob that came from Cas, snapped Dean out of his post-orgasm high, realizing Cas still hasn't come. He quickly brought his hand up to start stroking Cas' little omega cock.
They found an empty picnic table and sat down. Cas took Claire out of the stroller and sat her on his lap. Claire pointed at the swings, sputtering something.
Once back at their apartment complex, Dean practically dragged Cas to the elevators. The doors closed and the alpha automatically pulled Cas close to him, kissing and nibbling at his neck.
Dean stopped in his tracks and looked at the pregnancy test. He didn't want to think of Cas pregnant. He was too young. Of course Dean wanted pups, but not this soon in the relationship. They barely started seeing each other.
The couple started getting ready around 1. They enjoyed a sensual shower together, trying not to get too heated. Cas started getting dressed while Dean was still in a towel, looking through the closet.
Cas was always trying to make friends with the neighbors he saw. He was even making friends with the pets and children of the neighbors.
When he went to the Novak's house later that day, he knocked on the front door and to his surprise, Cas opened the door wearing one of Dean's shirts and a pair of blue and yellow pajama shorts with bees on them.
Dean rushed to the front, swinging open the door. Cas was standing in front of him, tears streaking down his cheeks.
The alpha shook his head, chuckling at his boyfriend. "We have the hotel for two days, baby. We can do it as much as you want."
Claire was only two years old when she first caught a cold. Cas was beyond scared. He didn't know what to do. The poor pup was burning up, coughing, and sneezing. She cried all night because of how uncomfortable she was. Cas tried everything. He was only 18. He didn't know what he was doing.
Dean's knot caught on the younger boy's sensitive rim, spilling his come inside the ass of his boyfriend.
Cas chuckled, finishing applying lip gloss before following Dean out. The Winchester helped Cas into the sweater he gave the omega, tightening it around him.
"I don't know," the omega admitted, running a hand through his hair. "I need you to go buy me a pregnancy test. Please, Gabe. I'm begging you."
When they got to the hospital, Cas had another contraction. Dean was able to carry him, bridal style, into the lobby. A nurse saw them and immediately called for a wheelchair.
The drinks started flowing. Gabriel bought some proseco, beer, and tequila for the party. Everyone was laughing and talking, playing games.
Dean pulled Cas' panties to the side, exposing the omega's slick covered hole. The alpha licked a stripe over the hole, making Cas let out a whimper. Dean plunged his tongue into the tight heat of his fiancé, adding a couple of fingers to delve deeper. Cas tried to push back on Dean's tongue, but the alpha held him tightly by the hips.
It was times like this when Dean wished he could smell Cas. He loved when Cas was happy and content. His scent was always sweet; like a crisp fall afternoon and cinnamon, with a hint of vanilla.
"So, that means you two can decide what we get to do today," Cas said, trying to keep Jack from making a mess.
"Mmm," Dean hummed, staring at Cas bent over getting the ingredients from the refrigerator. "Morning, beautiful."
The omega couldn't help but smile. His big brother, Gabriel, called Cas 10 minutes after he got to college as a freshman.
Dean tore his eyes away from the waiter to look at Cas. He surged forward to capture Cas' lips. Cas hummed in surprise, but quickly melted into the kiss, allowing Dean's tongue to explore his mouth. The omega held one of Dean's cheeks, moaning. Dean finally pulled away before they started getting too heated.
"You're so fucking perfect, baby. I still can't believe you're all mine," Dean said, emphasizing with a lick to Cas' healing mating bite.
Cas cracked a smile and captured Dean's lip in a soft kiss. "I'm really glad. I didn't want to go through this alone."
The family finished eating dinner and dessert, leaving everyone full and sleepy. Cas sat on the couch with Sam, watching TV while Dean was talking to his dad.
Once they got to their second class, Dean motioned Cas to sit with him. Cas did just that, giddy and happy inside that this sweet, kind, and not to mention gorgeous guy is still talking to him.
Cas and Dean sat across from each other at a fancy bakery Naomi dragged them to. It was cake tasting time and Cas was excited. Although Dean preferred pies, he would eat the cake Cas decided on.
"This is fucking sick," Dean growled, pacing the kitchen. "They can't do that. They need to fucking do something. That's not right."
Dean was fuming as he drove to his parents house. He was lucky a cop didn't pull him over for how fast he was going. His phone kept going off next to him. He knew it was Cas, but he was in no mood to talk to his fiancé at the moment.
Dean went to the backyard with his dad to smoke while Cas walked to the living room to look at the tree. Sam was sitting on the couch, focused on his phone.
A growl rumbled from Dean, thinking of his little omega surrounded by big football players. Cas placed his hand on the alpha's arm to calm him down.
The senior kissed Cas' neck then let him go. Cas nudged his boyfriend's shoulder playfully, before hugging him. Dean chuckled, hugging him back.
"Because it's fun," Dick replied, rubbing his cheek, "and because you dumped me in front of the whole school. Everyone talked about me for months. Now, they're going to talk about you."
Cas gasped, stunned by the feeling. The taste of iron hit Dean's tongue when blood leaked from the fresh wound. The omega tightened around the alpha's cock, yelling his name and arching off the bed, coming between their stomachs.The alpha's knot caught, spilling hot come inside his new mate. When Dean let go of Cas' neck, the omega went limp.
Cas was tending to Claire while Gabriel made lunch for them. He was just about to call for them to come down and eat when someone knocked on the door. He went to go answer it, figuring it was Anna and her mate, Michael and his mate, or Lucifer.
Cas and Dean finally arrived to the party, Mary greeted them and let them in. Everyone was outside in the backyard, talking and laughing while John was grilling some steaks. The couple greeted everyone before taking a seat. All of Dean's family was there, but Cas' wasn't. It disappointed Cas a little, but he figured they would come later.
"Maybe you'd rather have a family with Lisa. Maybe you want someone closer to your own age. What happens if she seduces you and you fall for it?"
"Holy shit," Dean breathed out, seeing the lithe omega in lacy, pale blue panties hanging off his sharp hip bones. "Damn, you're so beautiful."
"After everything, I still love him. I just want to try again. He grew up. He seems different," Cas shrugged, smiling.
Dean placed a kiss on Cas' forehead before walking out. The omega sighed contently, grabbing a few things from his locker and putting them in his backpack.
"No, Dean. If they want me back, they're gonna have to do better than going through Gabriel. Besides, you're my boyfriend and father of our pup, yet they don't want to accept you," Cas explained.
The omega felt the weight on his back lift away.  He sighed with relief, turning around to kick the alpha in the crotch, until he noticed why the alpha got off of him. Dean was there, standing over Dick's body, his eyes red in rage, his scent bitter and sour.
They both got out of the car. The alpha shook hands with the omega woman. Cas stood beside Dean, not wanting to get in the way.
Suddenly, Cas was pushed against the locker, a heavy body holding him. The omega turned to look and saw Dick's ugly smirk.
Dean started getting upset, but controlled it since she was drunk. "I'm just going to pretend you didn't say that."
The alpha stormed out of the bedroom. Cas rushed to follow him. Dean grabbed his keys and put his jacket back on.
"I should be the one saying that right now," Cas said, wiping come off his face and licking his fingers.
Once everything was packed into the impala, they took off on the road, but before they got too far, they stopped to get breakfast at Cas' favorite diner. Afterwards they were back on the road to the camping site.
It was at that moment, his eyes landed on the most beautiful guy he has ever seen. This guy had the most blue eyes and adorable blushing cheeks. Dean gave him a smile before they passed each other. He turned around to check out the guy's ass.
While Dean was out, Cas finished up his history homework and decided to grab a bowl of ice cream, snuggle up in bed, and turn on Netflix while Dean was out with Benny.
The Novaks were very religious. They always made sure to go to church and every church function as they children grew up. Cas was religious, but he wouldn't pressure his future pups or anyone for that matter into believing in what he did. His alpha mother and beta father always pushed the religious lifestyle on the kids. He wasn't fond of it.
And just like that, Cas forgot what he saw in the hallway earlier. So, maybe Dean does like Cas. It's a weird way of showing it, but the Novak was basically hypnotized by this guy that he just met a few weeks ago.
The alpha dropped the box of crackers he had in his hand and quickly faced his mother. "Come again."
"It's nice meeting you, omega," Zachariah said, letting go of the mail. "I hope we'll meet again soon."
After Naomi left, Cas happily went back to decorating the apartment. Dean sat on the couch, drinking his beer, watching Cas.
The pregnant omega grabbed Dean's hand and put it on his butt, Dean's finger finding the slick waiting hole of his fiancé. He pushed a finger in with ease, adding a second. Cas moaned at the feeling of Dean's fingers pushing in and out of him.
The omega was breathing heavy, his hair sticking to his sweaty forehead. Dean pushed his hair back and laid both of them on their sides.
Once again, the Winchester brothers are being dragged around with their father from town to town. The only upside to this move was Ellen offering to look after the two of them so they can go to school. Sam and Dean liked Ellen and Jo so they didn't mind staying with them.
The older Winchester looked up at Cas like he was a glass of ice water in a hot desert. The omega couldn't help but smile at the way Dean was looking at him.
After the cake tasting, the couple went to the Winchester's house to pick up their daughter. Mary let them in with Claire in her arms.
"Oh, please. I'm gonna be 30. I definitely know how to take care of myself. Besides, I'm an alpha. No one tries to mess with me. You're an omega. You have dangers all around. Drunk alphas around omegas and betas are not a good thing."
Cas bounced into the high school, happy it was Friday. Dean told him that he might be able to get free tickets to the big amusement park in the center of the city. He was going to take just Cas, Sam and the younger brother's close 'friend,' Eileen.
The alpha chuckled and wrapped his arms around the young omega. Cas smiled, looking up at the older Winchester, kissing him softly.
Cas complied, getting down on his knees with shaky legs. Dean unbuttoned his jeans and pulled down his underwear to get his cock out. The omega looked at it hungrily before taking Dean in his mouth. The vibrations from the plug made Cas moan around Dean's cock. He worked slowly, stroking and licking. Cas was always pleased when he can pull a deep moan from his boyfriend. The growl and rumble that came from Dean turned Cas on to no end. The plug pressed right up against Cas' prostate, making him breathless and wanting to be filled with his alpha's huge cock. Cas pulled off, taking long breaths, continuing to stroke Dean.
The omega sighed. "I feel like this is moving too fast. I feel like I'm ruining your life by doing all of this. I still want to go to college."
When a waiter passed by, the omega sitting by Dean ordered a couple rounds of shots. Benny didn't really mind what was going on. Dean on the other hand was very uncomfortable. But, they're getting free drinks, so they played along.
Dean knocked on the door to Lisa's hotel room. He waited a few seconds before the omega opened the door.
Cas laid down on the older Winchester's bed, hugging his stomach. Dean pulled the covers over the young omega, kissing his forehead.
Dean shrugged. "Yeah, I guess, but do you actually believe she meant it? She seemed like she was being forced to apologized."
Cas got up from the dining chair across Dean and went to sit on Dean's lap. "You don't have to worry. I'm always going to be yours."
Weird, but not unexplainable, Dean wasn't at the omega's locker waiting for him. He shrugged it off. Dean has been at his locker more often in the mornings now. He always tells Cas he's studying for a test. Cas is skeptical, but, nonetheless, trusts Dean and whatever his excuses were.
"Dean," Cas yelled, gripping the sheets so hard his knuckles turned white. "Oh, god. I'm gonna come."
Cas smiled, giving Dean a quick kiss, taking the flowers from him. "Thank you, alpha. Let me put these in a vase then we can go."
Jack grabbed onto Claire's hand as they walked around the house. Cas went to their bedroom, already knowing where Dean was hiding. He cracked open the cabinet door to see Dean squeezed in there.
"You taste good, right? Like the most delicious slick in the world," Dean purred. "You're so fucking sexy, sweetheart. I can't believe you're all mine."
"This shower is for Cas. Shouldn't it be Cas' choice in who comes? Maybe he would rather have his friends," Dean argued.
Cas nodded. "Well, actually only my older brothers are coming. They want to know if they're having a niece or nephew."
Once Dean entered the living room, he saw his younger alpha brother Sam sitting on the couch with a young omega about the same age as Sam.
That night, Cas walked home, rehearsing how he was going to tell his brothers and parents he was pregnant. He continuously tugged at his sweater, his anxiety starting to act up.
"I met her a couple of years after I moved out of my parents house, so she lives out of state. I broke things off before I started training," Dean explained.
Dean drove them to the high school. There were kids in gowns roaming around by the auditorium entrance. Parents were taking pictures of their embarrassed children. Cas got out of the car and saw his friends. He pulled Dean along to meet up with them.
"It's okay, alpha," Cas said softly, cupping Dean's cheek. "I'm yours. And I always will be. Don't worry about the other alpha."
"That means if you ever hurt our brother, you have four alpha Novaks to deal with," Gabriel warned Dean.
The alpha started undressing his omega, kissing his soft skin every so often, not sexually, just a comforting, supportive kiss.
Once he changed, and had a heart-to-heart conversation with Gabriel, Cas drove to Dean's apartment. He walked up to the door and knocked. Dean opened the door with a bright, charming smile.
Not too much later, the doorbell rang. Mary got up to answer the door, already figuring it was Cas' brothers. The Winchester mother came back outside followed by Gabriel and Michael. Cas stood up to hug his brothers.
The wedding party took their places. When the music started, Dean blew out a nervous breath, fixing his suit jacket. Sam put a comforting hand on his brother's shoulder. Hannah helped Claire walk down the aisle, throwing flowers out. Dean smiled, watching Claire walk towards him. The pup attempted to run towards Dean, but Mary grabbed her. Then it was Samandrial's turn down the aisle, carrying the rings.
"You too, Tessa." Dean wrapped his arm around Cas' waist. "This is my boyfriend, Cas. Cas, this is Tessa."
Cas was already soaking wet with slick and Dean was hard as a rock. This was their first time having sex since they brought Claire home. They were in need of this. They were thankful for Mary babysitting the pup.
Cas threw his head back in pure ecstasy, grabbing at the pillows and sheets for leverage as Dean thrust into him harshly.
Someone started knocking on the door frantically. Cas got up quickly and opened the door only to find the other reason the omega never introduced any dates.
Later that night, the newlyweds decided to go home to get some alone time. Their flight to France leaves in the morning.
Later that night, after putting Claire down to sleep, Cas joined Dean in the living room. The alpha had his feet propped up, flipping through channels on the tv. Cas straddled Dean and grabbed the remote from him to turn the tv off. Dean's hand rested on Cas' hips.
Once the couple was dressed, they drove over to the Novak's house for the baby shower. There were nice, new, expensive cars parked around the house, down to the next block. Dean had to park at his parent's house next door.
"I went to go find that organic honey you like then I passed by the Halloween section and saw this mask," Dean explained.
Cas shook his head. "No, it was Charlie's. She always drags me to bars and clubs to hopefully find a new mate. I only asked you so you could at least make the night bearable." He realized what he said. He quickly continued talking. "You didn't have to say yes."
The alpha started thrusting harshly making the cocky look on Cas' face to the look of indescribable pleasure. He wrapped his legs around Dean's waist, his nails scratching into the alpha's back.
Sam rolled his eyes playfully, sitting next to his brother. Cas sat next to Dean not too long after Sam joined.
The alpha saw a change in Cas' face. Cas surged forward, capturing Dean's lips in a rough kiss. The omega started fumbling with Dean's jeans.
"I'll be fine. We'll be fine. Besides, I'm not letting Claire know that Dean's her father just yet. We'll play it by ear. Now, I need to go check on Claire."
Cas smiled, taking off his shirt before leaning in to kiss Dean again. Dean grabbed at Cas' ass, massaging it. Cas pulled down Dean's sweatpants enough to pull his alpha cock out. He started moving his hips, his ass sliding up and down Dean's cock, creating a pleasurable friction. Cas took his underwear off, settling back on Dean's lap.
"Screw up?" The omega asked, squinting his eyes. "Screw what up? Dean, you've been nothing but good to me. You've taken care of me. Especially when I went in heat for a week. You made sure I was at home, in my room, safe and taken care without jumping my bones."
"No, it's okay, Dean," Cas said, throwing his bag over his shoulder. "It's fine. I wasn't offended."
It was time for Cas to get back home. He knew if he got home even a minute late, his dad was definitely going to punish him.
Dean threw the clipboard back at her. "My fiancé is in severe pain. He's pregnant. He needs help now."
All the guests threw different colored dried flower petals as the couple walked out of the church towards the impala. The photographer took picture after picture of the happy couple with flowers all around them.
"Please," Naomi scoffed. "His friends are all teenagers that can't afford presents for him. With my friends, it's a sure way that he will get top of the line things."
It was strange. Dean figured there would be omegas, few betas, and maybe some female alphas, it was a baby shower after all, but he did not expect there to be a lot male alphas. He followed Cas to sit on the couch, in view of everyone. People came over and congratulated them on their upcoming pup.
"I'd really like to see some of your drawings sometime," Cas said. His anxiety was slowly starting to fade away with the small talk.
"Well, listen," the alpha sighed, folding her hands on her desk. "I understand your concern, but there's not really much else I can do. Until he touches you, we can't do anything."
"Don't even," Cas retorted, rolling his eyes. "I thought dating an older guy would've been easy and relaxing. Obviously, I need to get someone older and more mature," he joked, unbuttoning Dean's jeans.
"Come on, Cas. They obviously know you have sex. I mean," Dean gestured to the omega's protruding stomach. "Duh."
"Yeah, even at the most inappropriate times-Holy shit!" Dean groaned loudly when Cas swallowed the alpha's cock.
Dean pushed his hand down the back of Cas' black slacks, grabbing at Cas' ass cheeks. Cas quietly moaned from the feeling of Dean's rough, calloused hand pawing at his soft skin.
"I'm so sorry, Cas," Dean apologized. "I didn't think it was a big deal. Like I said, the relationship was just casual. I had more chemistry with you that night than I had with Lisa the whole relationship."
Dean continued to snap his hips forward, drawing loud moans and whimpers from the young omega underneath him. Cas grasped at the sheets as Dean nailed his prostate on every thrust, taking both of them closer and closer to their orgasms.
"Don't think about sleeping with my friend," the younger alpha said, breaking Dean's thoughts of the exact thing.
"I...," Cas sighed, calming down. "No. I don't want that. I want to wait to tell her. I need to know Dean isn't going to abandon us again. I'm not going to drag her into our unsteady relationship."
The young Novak hesitated. He's never done this before. He shouldn't do this. Would Dean still like him even if he didn't want to have sex?
"We have a lot to do today. I already made your tea and I made you some French toast with honey and berries," Dean explained.
Naomi looked on, watching the interaction between Dean and Hannah and Samandriel. She still didn't like Dean. She felt that Dean took advantage of Cas being a naive, hormonal 18 year old.
"Honestly, I'm still having trouble accepting my teenage brother is having a pup with someone a lot older than him, but as long as Dean makes him happy, that's fine with me," Michael stated, trying his damnest to sound sincere, even giving Dean a small smile.
Cas was speechless. "I... I don't know what to say. Thank you so much. This is an amazing gift, but Dean is afraid of flying."
Dean woke up and looked at Cas sound asleep on his chest, looking beautiful and content. Dean smiled, trying to untangle from Cas so he could get up to go to the bathroom. Cas groaned at the movement, pulling at Dean to stay put.
"I brought chicken soup for the kid. I figured they were sick," Dean explained. "My, uh, ex had a kid so I learned to make soup."
Just as Cas said that, the drunks next to them turned their music louder and started dancing like crazy people. Dean groaned, getting off the hood of the impala, Cas following him.
When the couples were done with dinner, they parted ways and went home. Cas was the first one inside the apartment followed by Dean.
"Do you love daddy more than me? I carried you for nine months and this is how you thank me?" He joked, pretending to be mad.
"I know, honey, but this is going to make you feel better. And when you're feeling better, the first thing we'll do is go skating."
"I thought so too," Dean said, chuckling. "So, you just up and decided to come over for me to fuck you?"
"Of course you forgot because you don't listen to me," the omega snapped, getting up from the couch. "God, Dean. How hard is it to listen when I talk to you?"
"We dated for a month freshman year and I kinda broke up with him in front of the whole school. He just started harassing me out of revenge, I guess. But, it's gotten a lot worst recently," Cas explained.
"This is a lot for her to take in. You really have to sit and think these decisions over. For her and for you," Gabriel added.
"The main reason; he was drunk like always. He told me that I should've knocked up a female omega. He didn't want his son fucking a male omega," Dean said, still angry about it.
With a heavy sigh, he unlocked the door and walked in, closing the door behind him. Gabriel was sitting on the couch watching tv with Samandriel and Hannah.
"He's gonna skate with us, okay?" Cas told Claire, kneeling down in front of here. "We might need to teach him how to skate."
"We'll be in a sleeping bag so we won't be touching the ground," the alpha answered, amused at Cas' questions. "I didn't take you for being prissy- well, no, actually that's not true."
"No, you are not." Naomi chuckled bitterly, continuing to eat her dinner, nonchalant. "You are not moving in with that Winchester."
"Since tomorrow's New Year's Eve, I thought we would go find a nice place to go watch the fireworks with a bottle of sparkling cider," Dean suggested.
"I'm so sorry, Dean," Cas apologized, kissing all over Dean's face. "Please don't leave me. I love you so much. Please, alpha."
Dean sat next to the omega, letting out a sigh. "It'll be okay, baby. All we have to do is go in, pack everything and get out of there."
"Texting my friends to tell them we're having a girl," Cas replied, still focused on the phone. "What are you doing?"
The omega started crying. "I know. I'm sorry, Dean. Im so sorry. I couldn't do it. I don't know why. My voice didn't want to work. I tried but the words didn't come out."
"Oh, hey, Sam," Cas waved. "Um, do you know what's going on? Everyone is whispering about something."
Cas gave a small nod, a pulse of slick soaking his underwear. He bit his lip, leaning forward and licking a strip up Dean's length, pulling a deep groan from the alpha. The omega continued to lick and suck at the alpha's thick cock.
"Yeah, helping him out by making yourself look good," Dean added. "And was that comment about barely being able to afford to keep the lights on really necessary?"
"Baby, you're going to be a great parent," Dean persisted. "You are the kindest, most gentle person I've ever met. I know you will protect our pup. No matter what."
Cas tried pulling away, crying, pushing and hitting Dean's chest. "I don't want your apologies! I fucking hate you."
Dean's nose suddenly caught the scent of something familiar and sweet. The alpha looked behind Sam, his eyes landing back on the omega he saw earlier.
"Okay, fine," Gabriel finally submitted. "I'll go get you a pregnancy test. If you're not pregnant, you better go on birth control. I'm not kidding, Cassie."
"I'll get it while you put on some clothes," the omega quipped, getting off his bed to answer the door.
Removing his drenched fingers, Dean dropped to his knees, still behind the omega, spreading Cas' ass apart to reveal that beautiful pink, wet, hole again. He licked a stripe over the puckered flesh, earning a broken moan from Cas.
The bliss didn't last long when he remembered he would have to tell Gabriel that he is dating again. Cas knew it wouldn't go well considering how protective Gabriel tends to be. Even when Cas brought Inias home, his alpha brother interrogated Inias like he was a murderer.
Ever since the newlyweds started their honeymoon, and since Dean has claimed Cas, the alpha has been more sensitive to Cas' touches. It's like Dean is always at least semi-hard around him.
Cas made a high pitched whine as his toes started curling and knuckles turned white by holding the counter. "Dean...alpha...I need...I..."
"It's okay, it's okay," Dean said, pushing the omega's hair back from his forehead. "I'm gonna go out and get you some ginger ale and some stuff to settle your stomach, okay?"
"Hey, you never know," Charlie hinted, getting up from the chair. She put her hand on Dean's shoulder. "You just got to be positive."
"Is everyone ready for your tiger football team?" the announcer asked, his voice booming with the microphone.
By the evening, all the teens were there. Each of them had a private room, which Dean was very grateful for. They decided to all play games and drink.
Michael sat a basket of rolls and a bowl of mashed potatoes on the dining room table. "Yeah, well, she doesn't like that you've been spending time with Winchester either."
"Dean," the omega said, grabbing Dean's face, "I'm okay. I don't need anything. You don't have to worry so much. I'm just a little dizzy and nauseated."
All of his siblings stayed silent, absorbing what Cas said. They looked around at each other and they all agreed.
Cas blushed at the politeness of Dean's friend. Dean growled a bit, seeing Cas smile and blush at the other alpha.
Dean decided after school he was going to go to his house. He wanted to know what happened to Cas. He felt like he needed to comfort Cas if something was wrong.
Cas and Dean were making out in the alpha's car. Dean found a little secluded place where they can have privacy. Not that they needed that much privacy. It never went further than a heavy make out session. Dean was fine with it. Completely fine. He just went home with blue balls after every date.
Dean scoffed. "Baby, you are already my perfect, beautiful omega. I love the way you look no matter what. You don't have to be stick thin to be perfect."
In the waiting room, after what felt like hours, Dean came in to tell his parents and Cas' brothers the good news.
"Aw, Dean," Cas smiled, opening his arms for Dean to hug him. "I love you. Thank you for saying that."
The omega's touch, sent electric shocks through Dean's body, making his cock twitch. Dean let out a slow breath, trying not to think about it.
The omega turned around to look at Dean. "Thank you. I don't want to be arguing with you about this."
Dean raced upstairs and checked on Cas. He just finished throwing up in the trash can by the bed. The omega wiped his mouth, looking up at Dean with an apologetic look.
"Yes. That will be your reward for coming with me," the younger boy said, winking at his boyfriend through the mirror.
Cas looked up at Dean, licking up the alpha's cock before putting it in his mouth. The omega started working the cock in and out of his mouth, stroking what he couldn't fit.
Sam smiled, patting Cas' back as both of the boys started walking out of the school into the big parking lot.
"We get to help hand them out," Eileen added, holding out two of the flowers to Cas. "And you got two."
Curious, Cas put the box down and returned to his other presents. The rest of the gifts were lingerie, a pallet of eye shadow Cas has been asking for, and a new pink and blue phone case.
"First off," Cas paused to slap Dean's arm. "Don't brag about fucking me everyday. And second, I don't find it weird at all. I don't see age. I just see a sweet, loving, hot, well endowed, alpha I've known since I was young."
Cas froze at that comment. Dean just said he looked cute. He feels so confused on many levels. Was Dean gay or bi or something else? Is Dean flirting with him? Was he dreaming?
Dean rushed to the bedroom where Cas was standing in just a pair of panties. He had his hand over his stomach, smiling.
"I don't know. If she does, she doesn't want to bring it up I guess. The only reason I moved back was because dad died and I thought I could find Cas and apologize and win him back."
Once the couple relaxed for a little while, and Cas modeled some of his lingerie, they took a hot shower together and got ready to go to Dean's parent's house.
The omega collected himself, clearing his throat and his mind of his embarrassment. "Um, so you're parents weren't upset, threatening to disown you since you decided to pursue something other than wrestling?"
"I'm joking, babe," the Winchester chuckled, wrapping his arms around his boyfriend to pull him closer.
"I, um," Cas stuttered, getting up slowly, holding on to Dean for support. "My phone was ringing. It was just my brother."
The alpha leaned down, kissing at the omega's small cock, trailing down to his opening, still pumping his fingers. He started licked at Cas' sweet hole, tasting at his delicious slick, slowly adding his tongue next to his fingers.
After shedding himself of underwear, Dean moved Cas further up the bed with one arm, the alpha settling between his boyfriend's legs. He dipped his head towards the slick, dusty rose hole in front of him. He started licking at the entrance, holding Cas' thighs apart.
"Yay," Cas cheered, getting up from the table to give Dean a kiss. "Can I also get the shoes that go with the dress?"
The alpha helped Cas back into bed. "Speaking of your brother, he came over just before I left. Michael isn't too fond of our relationship."
It didn't take as long as he thought for Gabriel to arrive. Cas grabbed his backpack and descended the the bleachers. As he turned the corner, he ran face first into a person. He looked up to see who it was.
"Castiel, Dean, before these witnesses, you have pledged to be joined in marriage. You have now sealed this pledge with your wedding rings. With the power vested in me, it's my great honor to pronounce you partners for life. Dean, you may now kiss your husband," the pastor announced.
"It's not funny, Dean Winchester!" Cas shouted. "You're mine and mine only. That slut doesn't get to hit on you."
The alpha was not going to take advantage of Cas while he's desperate and heartbroken. No matter how many times Dean thought about it. Cas was 18. His brother's best friend. A kid Dean saw growing up.
He looked up, not expecting to see a shirtless, attractive, brunet alpha. Water dropplets fell down the brunet's chest, down to the towel wrapped loosely around his waist.
"We can do this instead of a cake if you want. I'll be happy to make this interesting substitute for cake," the owner smiled.
Dean couldn't help but chuckle. "Baby, you have to bring our daughter into this world. You can't not give birth. I know you're scared, but I'm gonna be with you the whole time."
The teacher nodded, dropping her arms from her chest. "Maybe next time, you should pay attention rather than fall asleep."
"You ever taken a real alpha's know before, baby?" Dean asked, still pumping one finger in and out of Cas, slowly adding a second.
Cas stopped him, grabbing his face. "Don't get me wrong. I want to have more of your pups. I want to give you a big family."
The omega helped Claire get dressed. Before reaching the stairs, Cas' phone rang. He pulled it out of his back pocket. Dean's name flashed on the screen.
Dean carefully helped Cas up from the bed, the omega still in his blue and green sleeping shorts and matching long sleeve shirt with bees, the shirt stretching around his belly. Dean thought how adorable and beautiful his fiancé was.
Dean groaned, sitting up and rubbing his eyes. The sound of the shower turning on made the decision for Dean to go eat breakfast until the bathroom is free.
Dean stubbed out the cigarette in the ash tray that sat by the window. Cas stood up and made his way to the nightstand grabbing the test, holding it up to see the answer that was etched into it.
"I know, but this place is going to be filthy if I don't clean a little bit here and there," Cas responded.
"Fuck, Cas," Dean moaned, his blunt finger nails digging into Cas' thighs. "Keep riding my cock, sweetheart. Just like that."
Cas chuckled, a blush going across his cheeks. He noticed Gadreel looking behind him with his eyebrows furrowed. Cas turned to where the alpha was looking.
"Well, it doesn't bother me since you're always by my side. Besides, I love seeing your jealousy come out. It's very arousing."
Cas hasn't been with anyone since Inias. He hasn't even kissed anyone since Inias. Maybe that's the reason the omega was turning this goodnight kiss into more.
The alpha opened the passenger side door for Cas before going around to the driver's side. Dean drove them to the movie theaters to watch a new rom-com Cas wanted to see.
"I don't know," Cas sighed. "I do want to tell her, but maybe when she's older. I just don't want her to try and find him."
They arrived at a nice restaurant and were quickly seated across from each other in a booth. The restaurant was fairly new. Cas has been bugging Dean to try it out. The alpha was hesitant since it was supposed to be an organic, farm to table kind of hippy place.
The young omega, smiled, drying his tears on his sleeve. The alpha pulled Cas into a soft, passionate kiss, letting their tongues dance together.
"Sorry," Dean said. "I just saw the way you looked when you talked about that other alpha. You know how possessive I can get sometimes."
Once Cas got dressed himself, he went to the nursery to find Claire standing up in her crib, holding on to the railing.
"Three. We have some time before we have to leave," Cas answered, taking another bite from the muffin.
"Um, Dean?" Cas spoke, getting the alpha's attention. "Do you mind getting a couple of boxes from the hallway closet?"
The three of them focused back on the news. The governor and mayor had a press conference regarding the mess that was currently happening.
"Let me check here," the hostess says, reading through the names on the clipboard in front of her. "Here we go. Dean Winchester, right?"
Dean chuckled, wrapping an arm around the omega. Cas went back to sketching while Dean watched the football game that was on.
Cas licked a strip up Dean's shaft, gathering the salty precome on his tongue. His warm mouth covered the head of the alpha's penis, swirling his tongue underneath it, making Dean curse breathlessly.
"Listen, boy. My son is a pure omega. And its going to stay that way. He needs to stay pure for the alpha he's going to marry and mate. Got it?" The Novak's father growled.
"Are you sure you still want to be with me? Once we're married and mated, we're stuck with each other."
"Other than teaching our daughter a new word, thanks for watching her," Dean told the Novak brothers.
Cas sat on the couch with Claire sitting on the floor in front of him. He was combing his daughter's hair after taking a bath. They ended up watching a Christmas movie in Gabriel's living room. The couple in the movie just had their first kiss since moving to different towns. The omega on the tv smiled lovingly at his old flame.
"I love you, dumbass. I always have. I don't care if you're not the stereotypical 'big bad alpha.' I just wanted you. I
The alpha sighed in relief. "Oh, thank god. Thank you so much, Tessa. You don't know how much this means to me."
When the room calmed down after the opening of presents, Cas decided to let his family know that Dean and him were going to get married.
Dean slapped his ass. Cas jerked forward laughing, resting his face in the nook of the alpha's neck.
"Cas!" Gabe shouted through the bedroom door, knocking a few times. "Wake up. You need to get ready."
He entered the room slowly, tapping on the open door with his knuckles to announce his presence. "Hello?"
"I don't know if I can make a good life for us. What if I cant pay rent and we end up on the streets? What if I don't make a good dad? What if I don't make a good mate for you?"
"I'm being completely serious. I want to wait until we start our honeymoon. I want our first time as a married couple to be special. I want it to be romantic when you mate with me."
After Dean got his skates, he followed Cas towards the rink. They sat on a bench to lace up the shoes. Claire skated over, a little wobbly.
The couple couldnt stop their tears. And it seemed like none of the guests could either. All you heard was sniffing and the sound people taking out tissues.
"I know. I can't wait to meet her," Dean said, rubbing at Cas' stomach. "I was thinking we should take a little vacation before the pup comes."
"Oh, come on. Your parents kind of like me. Gabriel doesn't exactly hate me. Samandriel and Hannah like me," Dean argued. "I promise I'll behave."
All thoughts in Dean's head left as soon as Cas started jacking him off with one hand while the other teased his growing knot. The only thought left was that he had the best husband and mate ever.
Claire did what her father asked, running off upstairs. Cas sighed, grabbing a mug to pour much needed coffee in. He leaned against the counter, slowly drinking from his cup, waiting for all the questions from his family.
Dean pulled his shirt off and took his jeans off, tossing them in the corner. Cas laid back on the bed, after taking his shirt off, rubbing Dean's chest with his foot.
Cas groaned, hating having to get up from the bed. His round stomach made it harder for him to sit up by himself. His back ached and his feet and ankles were always swollen. The only thing that made him feel better was staying in bed.
Cas was trying so hard not to come, the burn of the alpha's beard starting to feel so good. His knuckles were turning white holding the sheets in front of him. All he could do was moan and cry out in pleasure.
"That was amazing," the omega said, still breathing heavily. He looked up at Dean, kissing him, tasting himself on the alpha's lips.
So, what I'm going to do is post a couple of chapters and see how the feedback is before continuing.
Cas went back to sit next to Dean instead of across from him. Dean smiled, wrapping an arm around Cas' shoulders and gave him a kiss on the temple.
About half an hour later, an alpha doctor came out looking for Cas' family. Dean quickly went over, but so did Naomi and Chuck.
"We don't want to be left out of your life. Mom and dad might not want to be part of your life, but we don't want to miss out on the birth of your pups or your wedding," Raphael finished.
The pregnant omega waddled to the living room where his four older brothers and young brother and sister were, putting gifts on the floor. The two youngest hurried over to their omega brother, being sure to hug him gently.
Staying silent, Cas walked to their bedroom to put the comforter back on the bed and walked back out, wearing his lingerie. Dean watched Cas come out of the room, beautiful and sexy.
The couple stayed on the couch, Cas cuddled up against Dean, with the blanket over them. They sat there watching Christmas movies until Cas' stomach started to growl.
"I had to drop out of school and move in with my sister in Michigan. The worst part was when I had to deliver our baby all alone," Cas sobbed, tears streaming down his face. "I was scared out of my mind. I had no support, no one to help me through the pain. I was all alone. Anna couldn't leave work. The rest of my brothers and sisters didn't make it in time to help me through it."
Luckily, Dean was able to book a camping site for the first weekend in April. He wanted to take a vacation before the pup and hopefully this would help the both of them, especially Cas, relax and de-stress.
Mary shook her head. "I didn't want you to leave. I didn't care that you were having a pup with a male omega."
The alpha pushed the omega against the lockers, boxing the littler boy in. "Come on, sweetheart. Just a quick fuck."
The sound of skin slapping, the bed creaking, the loud moans and groans from the couple filled the room. The air was filled with the thickness of sex and hot breath.
Suddenly, someone started knocking on their front door. The couple stopped their movements and sounds.
"You're different," Dean answered. "These older omegas are all the same. They just want to party and drink like they're adults. Or they just want a knot. But, not you. There's something about, Castiel. You're a cute, nerdy, shy, sweet omega."
"Then we'll get ready," the alpha added. "Let's sign up for a parenting class. We can both learn things. How does that sound?"
Cas left the alpha to talk on the phone. He went to the refrigerator to grab a sparkling water before sitting on the couch in the living room. He watched a couple of episodes of Parks and Recreation until Dean finally came inside. The omega put the remote down to look at Dean.
"Either way, they found their way to each other and I'm really happy for them. I can see how much Dean loves Cas. When I went with him to buy Cas' engagement ring, he was nervous and scared. We went to at least 3 different jewelry stores because he couldn't find a ring that Cas deserves. I saw his face light up so bright when he found the perfect one. He couldn't stop gushing about how he was going to propose and what he was gonna say. He really loves and adores Cas. They really deserve each other. And I'm glad Cas gets to officially be part of our family. To Cas and Dean!" Sam announced, raising a champagne flute.
It hurt him knowing his parents didn't want to mend fences with both Cas and Dean. He felt like he didn't have a family like the one he's apart of now. He wished he could go over there and everything be fine again. He missed his family. He missed his brothers and sister. He knows his older brothers can be tough sometimes, but he knows that they love him.
The alpha continued his harsh thrusts, hitting the same bundle of nerves that made Cas moan like no one could hear.
"I want this, Dean. I want you," Cas says in a soft tone. "Fuck my dad. He can't control my sex life."
"Fuck," Dean groaned, feeling his boyfriend tighten around him. "Come on, baby. I want you to come for daddy."
"At first, I hated that you were dating my best friend, but I've seen how happy you make him and how happy he makes you. So, I can't be anything but happy for you two, even when I want to," Sam teased.
Dean walked over to the door, leaving Cas alone in the room, naked, sprawled out on the bed. Cas turned on his side to grab his phone from the nightstand. He went through his Instagram feed while he waited.
"I was thinking we drink our coffee and tea on the couch and we'll watch a Christmas movie then you can open your presents," the alpha suggested.
Once Dean laid them down, their heart rate started to calm. Cas laid on top of the alpha, his head on his shoulder. They stayed there, both of them still trying to come down from their high.
Cas smiled politely at a couple of alphas and betas that passed by and gave him a flirty smile. He decided to look down at his menu. He didn't need unwanted attention from a drunk alpha.
"Yes. I don't want her to get sick," Cas confirmed, kissing the top of Claire's head. "I'll be right back, honey. Then maybe we can still go skating."
Lisa was getting irritated. "It meant something to me. I really liked you. I thought maybe we could start a family."
When they got inside, Dean helped Cas out of his jacket before the omega went to the bedroom, slamming the door. Dean sighed, rushing to Cas' side. The alpha opened the door, finding Cas crying, laying in a ball on the bed.
"How about this? We put the paper the doctor wrote the gender on in an envelope or whatever and whenever we decide we definitely want to know, then we'll open it," Dean offered.
The couple went over to everyone else and said their goodbyes before heading out to leave back to the hotel. Once they got there, Cas shed himself of his jacket and went to sit on the bed, head in his hands.
"So, in order for you to actually do anything, I have to wait until he rapes me? Is that it?" Cas countered, anger simmering inside him. He waited for the principal to answer, but she stayed silent. He scoffed, getting up from the chair, grabbing his backpack. "Thanks for nothing."
Dean put his hand on the omega's bare lower back as he taught him what each thing meant. Cas shivered from the feather like touch.
Dean started taking the string lights out of the box to put on the tree. Cas decided to go to the kitchen and grab a seltzer water for himself and a beer for Dean.
"This is Gabriel, right?" Cas jokingly said. "Last time I checked, my big brother didn't want a job. He was trying to 'find himself.'"
Dean handed the younger Winchester half of the list. "Here. Get the last couple of things while I get the vegetables mom needs."
"I've known Sam and him since I was really young. I just, kinda, slept with him the day he came back from military training and we've been together ever since," Cas explained.
"Yeah. Everything is good. I got Sam to unpack and go to sleep pretty fast last night," Dean explained. "Thank you for letting us stay here."
Gadreel chuckled. "Well, you turned out fine. Especially for having three older brothers. My older brother use to practically torture me."
The beta sat them at a small booth that was away from all the noise and people. The couple sat across from each other, thanking the hostess.
Cas climbed on top of his alpha. Dean stared up at the beautiful omega he calls his own. He reached a hand around, squeezing one of Cas' buttcheeks. His finger started to slowly circle the tight, wet rim of his boyfriend.
Naomi huffed. "Oh, come on now, Cas. That alpha is a manger at the company. He makes triple what Dean makes in a year, in a month. He would be a better mate for you and the pup."
The alpha hummed in agreement, rubbing Cas' back. "If we're going to have a big family, I need to get us a house."
Cas nodded his head, still curled in a ball. The alpha chuckled at Cas' resemblance to a kitten. He tried getting up, trying to get Cas moving too, but all the young omega did was groan at the unnecessary movement, staying on the couch.
The alpha carded his hand through Cas' hair, tugging at it to pull the young omega off. Cas popped off Dean's cock with a lewd 'pop'.
"You should go," the omega told him, scrambling eggs in a bowl. "I have to catch up on some homework anyway."
The omega bit his lip. "Fine. Just don't wake my brother when you come in. He's asleep on the couch. And you have to be gone by morning."
Dean pulled away to look at Cas. "I understand. If you stay angry at me for the rest of your life, I would understand."
Cas quickly obeyed, turning over to face Dean hovering over him. Dean's eyes flashed red, seeing his beautiful, naked, omega, ready to be fucked and bred. Cas' eyes turned gold, watching his big, strong alpha tower over him. The omega whimpered, turning his head to show his neck, submitting to Dean.
"Hell, yes!" Dean exclaimed. "All this time together and I never knew you could speak other languages. What other languages do you speak?"
Cas had three older, very protective, brothers, Michael, Lucifer, and Gabriel. Michael and Lucifer were working for their father's publishing company. They always seem to butt heads in every decision that was made. Gabriel, on the other hand, was finishing his final year in college and was doing everything he could not to be sucked into the company.
The new alpha grabbed the collar of Dick's uniform and threw him on the floor. Cas watched as this new, not to mention cute, alpha helped him with Dick.
The couple said a quick goodbye to Sam and Eileen before rushing to the exit. They made their way to the impala.
"Motorboating boobs are great and all, but motorboating the most perfectly sculpted ass in the whole world is infinitely better," Dean mumbles into Cas' ass.
"If you're going to do that, do it outside. You know your mother takes pride in how nice this house it," John said nonchalantly, hanging his jacket by the door.
"Just finishing up an essay for art history," Cas said, closing his laptop. "How was your visit with your parents?"
The oldest Winchester was constantly flirting with Cas. Dean knew the more he broke down Cas' wall, the easier he can get through to sleep with him. He was definitely attracted to Cas, but he wasn't going to start anything serious.
Dean started humming, resting his hand on the omega's waist, brushing his T-shirt up, rubbing circles into his hip.
Once the alpha started stroking Cas' omega cock, Cas lost it. Dean was sure their neighbors are going to hear the loud moaning and cursing of the omega.
Eileen chuckled a bit. "It's okay, Sam. I know you're still learning how to sign, but you signed something way different than what you said."
"You did so good, though," Dean said, stroking Cas's hair, kissing his forehead. "You're such a wonderful omega. I don't know what I did to deserve you."
"Yes. I can't wait to meet her. Remember the doctor said she could be an alpha like her father because of how big I am," Cas said.
Meg drove Cas back to his apartment. They talked about the new kid on the ride home. Cas admitted he thought Mick was very cute and Meg playfully teased him about it.
Enjoy chapter 3! I hope everyone likes it. Sorry for any mistakes or confusion. Keep the kudos and comments coming! It makes me so happy to see everyone liking something I wrote.
"Yes. But they wanted me to go without you," Cas answered, crossing his arms. "I don't want to go without you."
"You're just saying that 'cause you like Cas," Sam teased with a small smirk. His smirk grew when he saw Dean's cheeks tint pink.
The older Novak complied, doing what his brother asked. When Dean came out of the bathroom, he grabbed Cas from behind as he was starting to crack eggs in a bowl, and lifted him, causing Cas to gasp in surprise.
Dean cupped Cas' cheek and kissed him softly. Cas deepened it, starting to unbutton Dean's flannel. The Winchester walked them back to his bed as he pulled Cas' sweater off. He gently laid Cas down on the bed, still kissing him.
"Here is a piece of vanilla cake with strawberry filling and mascarpone cream frosting," the owner said, placing a small piece of cake in-between the couple.
When Dean left for navy training, Cas was finally able to get over Dean and date. But after seeing Dean today, with his even broader shoulders, tanned skin, and always beautiful jade green eyes, all those feelings came rushing in like a freight train.
"A family with two adult parents not one with a 29 year old and a 19 year old teenage whore," Dean said hesitantly.
Dean shrugged. "I've always thought you were beautiful. Even now, I look at you and I see how stunning you are."
The omega crawled onto the bed on his hands and knees. The alpha stripped himself of his jeans and underwear before kneeling behind Cas. He pulled the omega's panties down, revealing the dusty pink hole, shiny with fresh slick.
Dean pressed his forehead to Cas', pushing in until he was fully seated inside the warm channel. Cas cradled Dean's cheek with one hand, both of them looking at each other lovingly, as Dean waited for him to adjust to the intrusion.
"Hmm. A young little omega for the taking," Alastair purred in Cas' ear. "And you're already half way to being naked."
"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to give you my back story," the omega said, shaking his head at his own stupidity.
The omega looked back one last time, waving at Dean, before going back inside. The moment he walked in, he was met with his brother's upset face.
When an omega gets claimed by an alpha, both of their bodies get put into baby-making mode. The alphas only have a rut when they first present as an alpha, but when they mate, especially with an omega, they will start having ruts again in able to breed their partner. Omegas on the other hand, go into heats every 3 months from puberty on. Worse is when they get mated, heat suppresants become very ineffective.
Knocks at his front door interrupted his thoughts. He went to open it and saw his brother and Eileen standing there. He smiled, inviting them in.
The Winchester put him down, kissing him again. "Sorry, baby. You just look so gorgeous. Stunning, pregnant with our pup."
As he turned the corner into the health section, his nose caught a whiff of an amazing, yet familiar scent. Why does he remember that scent? He's smelled it before, but couldn't figure out where he's smelled it.
"She was more commited to the relationship than I was. She wants to get married, have kids, but I just didn't want that. With her anyway."
The alpha tucked a tuff of hair behind Cas' ear, then tilted his chin before pressing their lips together. Their mouths slotted perfectly together like two puzzle pieces. Cas started to deepen it, but the front door swung open.
Cas forced himself to push Dean away. "Wait. We can't keep kissing like this. I'm starting to slick and you have an erection."
When the song ended, Dean dipped Cas back, kissing him sweetly. Cas laughed, wrapping his arms around Dean's neck, kissing him once more. The guests all clapped and the photographer took pictures of the happy couple.
"We really shouldn't have left. We should've just kept our reservations for California," Cas sighed, shaking his head.
Cas looked to see who pushed Dean. Gabriel was facing them, a proud smirk on his face. Cas gave his brother a dirty look, making Gabe chuckle and skate back over to Michael and Adam.
Dean was able to catch up with him, grabbing his arm to stop him from running off again. Cas fought against him, trying to pull his arm away.
Dean hugged his fiancé back, kissing the top of his head. "You know, if we were mated, this wouldn't be happening."
"Baby, you're 18. You don't have to do anything you don't want to. I'm taking care of you now." The alpha wrapped his arm around Cas' waist, resting his hand on the omega's stomach.
The alpha lined himself up with Cas' hole, slowly pushing in, letting Cas adjust. They stayed with their foreheads together, looking at each other with indescribable love and connection.
"Fuck, I can't wait till our honeymoon," Dean breathed after pulling away. "We're not gonna leave the room the whole week. I'm gonna abuse that delicious hole of yours."
"I'd love to show you." The alpha smiled warmly. "What about you? I always see you covered in paint, so I'm guessing you're a painter."
"I know, baby boy." The alpha kissed Cas' forehead. "I'll call Tessa in the morning and see if I can get her to lower the price."
"I was going to wear my tight black pants with a button down and a sweater vest with a tie," Cas told him.
The omega preened under the praise, starting to bob his head, stroking the rest of the shaft. He moaned around the girth of the alpha's cock, making Dean thrust shallowly into the wet heat.
It wasn't until Dean found that bundle of nerves and continuously hit that spot when Cas couldn't contain his orgasm any longer. He came between them with a silent cry. His toes curled and heels dug into Dean's back.
"Good," Cas said, smiling. "Oh, look! This will be perfect!" He grabbed a nurse costume that had an omega women on the front, the dress tight and short on her.
Dean thrusted into him faster, his orgasm approaching. His knot was starting to catch on the omega's sensitive rim. He grabbed the omega's hips, slamming him down to meet his erratic thrusts.
The Winchester chuckled, sitting on the edge of the tub, leaning in to kiss Cas. The pregnant omega kissed him back, pulling on Dean's shirt to get him closer. Dean pulled away and smiled.
"I'd love that," Cas replied. "I'll call Gabriel to see if he can babysit. He's been wanting to spend time with Claire."
Taking pity on the omega, Dean reached around to start stroking Cas' cock making Cas go wild. A slew of incoherent words and phrases came out of Cas' mouth as he held on for dear life. Dean's knot grew and was catching on Cas' rim. The omega clenched around Dean and finally came with a cry. Dean soon followed, making sure not to tie them together.
Meanwhile, Cas was at home, feeding Claire a handful of strawberry puffs for babies. She was strapped in her high chair, picking up one piece at a time, chewing on them. Cas was looking through a pamphlet for a wedding venue his mom suggested.
The one year old pouted, turning her head. Cas sighed, putting the spoon down and turning back to take a sip of his tea. Dean walked in the dining room dressed in black slacks and a suit jacket with a dark blue button up underneath.
After putting on some small, cotton shorts and a tank top, he got to work. He decided to turn on his music on the Bluetooth speaker they had set up in the kitchen. The shelves needed to be dusted and the kitchen needed to be cleaned with disinfectant.
"What are we, in high school? Do you want me to pass you a note in study hall? 'Do you like Cas? Check yes or no,'" Charlie joked. "Come on, Dean."
When they got to the dorm rooms, Gadreel walked Cas to his door. Cas started getting nervous again. Was Gadreel expecting more than just a goodnight kiss? If Cas refused, would Gadreel leave and never talk to him again?
Dean was able to put the tree up in the corner of the living room. The couple was happy to be able to put up a tree in their apartment. It wasn't a big tree, but they didn't mind.
"Well, let's get started with this apartment search, shall we?" Tessa smiled, leading them to the front of the apartment complex.
The alpha got up from the bed, quickly shedding himself of his clothes. He kissed Cas, dominating it, while Cas stroked Dean's cock.
After hearing the front door close, he started getting ready. He rummaged through his closet, trying to find the perfect shirt to wear when he meets Cas and their daughter.
Cas was in bed, watching tv while Dean was still at work. He knew he had some homework to do, but he didn't feel like doing it. For the past week he's hasn't been to school, but Sam has been able to get Cas' homework so his grades don't slip.
"Okay. I know." Dean sighed. "No, I didn't sigh." He rolled his eyes, hanging his head. "I'm going to see you Saturday. It's not like I'm out of state." He pinched the bridge of his nose. "Yes, 45 minutes is a long drive."
Cas helped Dean to their bedroom. Before Cas knew it, Dean fell face first onto the bed, taking up the whole bed. Cas groaned, deciding to try and undress the drunk alpha. He started to take off his boyfriend's boots and pulled off his leather jacket.
"I think I can do it, but I'm regretting not having a small intimate wedding instead a big celebration my mom wants."
Dean moved behind Cas to reach for a bowl on the top shelf. The breath caught in Cas' throat, feeling Dean's warm body pressed up against his. All of his thoughts went to unclean things. It wasn't until Cas felt something that he snapped to reality.
Obviously, Cas didn't see Lisa. Dean needed to take care of this. He wasn't going to let her ruin Cas and his perfect day. He kissed the top of Cas' head to reassure him before walking towards the door.
"They had it coming. I'd rather stand up for myself and get beat up than them constantly mocking my family and me, just letting them get away with it," the beta boy explained.
The place was packed. Music, laughter, and conversations filled the restaurant. The two friends squeezed their way to a table close to the back.
The alpha turned all the lights off and locked the doors before going to the bedroom, finding Cas asleep in front of his laptop with his reading glasses still on. Dean chuckled, waking the omega up.
"I'm joking. I'm joking," Dean chuckled, hugging Cas. "Let's just forgot that yesterday night ever happened. Okay?"
Cas headed to the closest store to find some fever reducer and cold medicine. He did not want Claire to get sick. The first time she got sick was a nightmare.
"Man, I bet you'll be a great dad," Benny complimented. "Once you see that pup, your dad instincts will kick in."
Cas and Dean froze when they heard the pup crying. The omega let his head hit the pillow and just tried to catch his breath. Dean kissed him softly, pushing the hair off his forehead whispering, 'You did it. I love you. You did amazing."
Cas got up and hugged Michael. "I've missed you too. Just please try to give Dean and my relationship some kind of approval."
Dean nodded and went to work, making sure not to be too loud, moving the crib to the foot of their bed. Cas decided to let Dean put Claire in the crib. The omega watched as Dean kissed the pup's forehead then gently laid her down.
When darkness came, Dean pumped the air mattress full of air. He put it in the tent and had Cas test it out. Dean helped him lay down.
A growl rumbled out of Dean's mouth, roughly capturing Cas' lips. Cas moaned, tasting himself on Dean's tongue. Dean grabbed Cas by his thigh, pulling him closer to wrap his legs around the alpha's waist. He started pushing ever so slowly into Cas, watching his cock disappear into him. The omega's mouth hung open, feeling full with Dean's cock. Dean watched Cas' face for any pain, but all he saw was the Novak starting to breathe heavy with pleasure painted in his features.
"Come on, Cas!" Gabe yelled, about to knock on the bedroom door again, but hit air when Cas opened it. "Oh, you're awake."
Once they were home, Cas brought the decorations they bought up to their apartment while Dean brought the tree.
"Wine is great." Cas smiled, taking a sip from his glass. "So, um, what are you majoring in? If you don't mind me asking."
"Hey, Sammy." Dean smiled, ruffling his 13 year old brother's hair, walking in with his duffle bag in hand. "Where's mom and dad?"
"God, Cas, your mouth feels amazing," Dean breathed out, moaning at the lick of Cas' tongue across the slit of his cock. "Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck."
Cas smiled. "Kind of. I feel... I don't know... Complete now. Like nothing could hurt me. I feel safe and loved."
As the food was coming out and being served, the four oldest Novak brothers walked over to the couple and held out an envelope.
The bed squeaked under the couple, the sound of skin slapping and moans filled the room. Dean continued fucking his pregnant boyfriend, bringing his hand to the back of Cas' neck. He decided to try something. He pushed his fingers in Cas' hair then tugging on it a little hard.
"Oh, god," Cas exclaimed, arching his back, scratching at Dean's back for leverage. "Right there, daddy."
"I'm feeling okay," Cas stated. "I'm just tired. And for some reason your daughter doesn't want to stop kicking."
When Dean thrusted hard right at Cas' prostate, the omega yelled Dean's name, coming on both their stomachs. The alpha never faltered his thrusts, even when Cas was clenching Dean's cock.
In another room, Cas was getting ready with the help of Meg and Gabriel. Cas sat at a vanity while Meg fixed his hair.
"I'm sorry. Okay? I thought maybe it would be easier for you to let him down with me right here," Dean explained.
Cas raised an eyebrow, impressed by Dean's early start. "Fine. You know how to get me out of bed with food."
"We'll pick you up the second we get back. We're gonna miss you so much. We'll video call grandma so we can check in on you. I love you, Claire-Bear. You behave yourself," Dean advised, hugging and kissing their daughter.
"You never gave me a chance to show you my moves in the bedroom," Dick said, stroking Cas' hair. He moved closer to the omega's ear. "You would've stayed with me."
"What are the sleeping arrangements for the night before the wedding?" Cas asked, his hand interlocked with Dean's.
And it wasn't just a peck on the lips. Cas was high on the feeling of their lips gliding together. He deepened it, resting his hand on the nape of the alpha's neck while Gadreel held Cas' waist.
"Okay, honey," Cas started, kneeling down in front of Claire. "I invited a friend of mine to meet us here. He's sweet and kind of a dork, but I think you'll like him."
"This is not your fault," Dean argued, wiping the tears from Cas' cheek. "Anyone in your situation would have been frozen in fear, but that doesn't mean it's your fault."
"Let's go lay down on our bed. I didn't get much sleep last night so I could go for a nap," Dean responded.
Charlie grabbed the paper. "Cas, I can't tell you what to do. It's your choice. I would understand if you swore off dating all together, but you're thinking of dating again, so that's good." She smiled, tucking the piece of paper back into Castiel's hand. "What do you think you should do? What do you really want to do?"
"No, babe. This is going to be our special time and this will be a lot more romantic than California."
"I want you to watch yourself in the mirror," Dean panted, still pounding into Cas with fervor. "Look how beautiful you are taking my big cock like your body was made for it."
"Oh, be quiet. I confided in you when I was drunk. You're not supposed to sell me out," Dean blurted.
The other alpha left quickly. Cas stood there, completely confused. He started smelling the anger and irritation coming from Dean. He looked up at his alpha, touching his arm to try to calm him down.
Dean's knot slowly started to swell once he heard Cas' breath catch in his throat when the alpha started thrusting up into the tight, wet heat of his fiance.
"I know. I will. I promise. Thank you so much, Gabe." Cas hung up, letting out a big sigh of relief.
Once Dean's knot caught on the younger boy's sensitive rim, hot come spurted into Cas in ropes. The alpha's hips stayed pressed up against Cas' ass, rotating his hips in circles ever so slightly. Cas was seconds away from crying, trying his hardest not to disobey Dean and come.
The omega sighed. "Because I don't know what to do." He put the crumpled up slip of paper with Gadreel's number on the table. "Half of me is still caught up in this, but the other half says that maybe I should get back out there."
Cas nodded, looking away from his half naked roommate. He was about to turn back to his studies when someone knocked on their door.
"But Dean acted like it was no big deal. We were just friends making out. Like it was normal. Don't you think it's kinda weird?" Cas answered.
"You're horrible," Cas said, nudging his boyfriend. "Eat up. We need to start getting ready for our first baby class."
When the couple arrived at the community center, where they were giving free parenting classes, they entered a room that looked like a small classroom. There were six tables, two chairs at each table, with a packet of papers on each.
"I understand." Charlie nodded. She paused, opening her mouth then quickly closing it. Opening it again she asked, "Why did you tell me after all this time?"
Dean could see the change in Cas. He was angry. Cas was rarely ever angry. In a quick motion, Cas lunged at Bela, but Dean was quicker as he grabbed Cas to stop him.
"No, of course not," the omega scoffed. "But what if Dean is? What if he decides he doesn't want to get married? What if he regrets our relationship and runs off? What if-"
"My brothers need to know I'm pregnant. My parents need to know." Cas looked up at the alpha, his eyes starting to tear up.
Dean pushed her arms away. "Lisa, this shit needs to stop. How clearer can I be? I don't want you. I literally married the only omega I truly love. Now, you might be the mother of my son, but that doesn't mean you can try to win me back."
Dean's face softened watching his daughter be so sweet. He grabbed her little hand to follow her. Cas watched Dean and their daughter together. Tears started to well up in his eyes.
"What the fuck is an artichoke?" The alpha muttered, looking through rows and rows of different greenery.
Dean and a few other seniors all chipped in to rent a cabin for a weekend. The alpha already asked Cas to go with him before they even knew if they could reserve it. Cas was hesitant. He knew his dad, nor his brothers and sisters, were going to let him go, but he really wanted to stay with Dean. So, he decided to lie to his family. He told them he was going to spend the weekend with one of his friends.
Everyone followed suit, clinking their glasses together with people around them. Next, it was Gabriel's turn. Dean was already bracing himself for what the older Novak had to say. Gabe could be very blunt, not really having any sort of filter.
The omega bit his lip, walking to the omega showers. Maybe getting back out there isn't such a terrible idea.
Dean chuckled, placing a hand on Cas' stomach. "I love you, baby," the Winchester whispered, kissing the top of Cas' head.
"Never have I ever gave a blowjob or handjob somewhere you weren't supposed to," Gilda spoke up to ease the tension.
After breakfast, the couple and Claire walked to the park a few blocks away from the apartment complex. It was sunny and bright with a slight breeze. People must have had the same idea as Dean since the park was buzzing with families and people walking their dogs.
The Winchester mother shook her head. "No. Not completely. I wasn't sure if you kept her. I didn't want to get my hopes up that I had a grandchild. I didn't want to think about never being able to see her."
The alpha saw him freeze. Those beautiful blue eyes landed on him and he felt like the world slowed down. It wasn't until Cas dropped whatever he had in his hand and started quickly walking away that Dean snapped back to reality.
"I saw my little brother's ass," Gabriel said in disgust, rubbing his eyes. "It's burned into my brain. It's all I see now."
The young Novak pulled out his book, trying to distract himself from looking at the sweaty football players.
Cas never realized he had a daddy kink until one of the times Dean was pounding into him one night and the words "Harder, daddy," slipped out. Dean smirked and fucked him harder, the omega thought the bed would break.
The omega smiled and nodded at Dean. Everyone was eating and talking, passing bowls and plates of food around.
I'm sorry if this chapter is a little choppy and gets confusing. I was trying to fit all the things I wanted into this flashback, but, as always, my mind runs faster than I can type. If you get confused or have any suggestions, just send me a comment. Thank you all for reading, leaving kudos, and commenting.
"What? No way," Dean stated. "I'm not having my pregnant omega working. After you have the pup, of course you can get a job. But only if you really want to."
Everyone started eating breakfast making small talk. The omega shifted in his chair, nervous of telling Mary and John that they're going to be grandparents.
Once they got back home, Dean put Claire down for the night. Cas grabbed a juice from the fridge and sat in the living room to look through the invitations to the rehearsal dinner.
Not long after hanging up, Dean snuck inside the apartment and into the bedroom where Cas was snoring softly, cuddled against the alpha's pillow. Dean took his shoes and shirt off, replacing his pillow with his body, waking Cas as he did.
Cas stroked the alpha's cock a few times and licked the slit, gathering precum on his tongue. He crawled back to capture Dean's lips, letting him taste himself.
Cas quietly opened the door to see Dean standing there with a rose. Before Dean could say anything, Cas put his finger in front of his lips to tell him to be quiet. Once Cas closed the door behind him, he breathed a sigh of relief.
After about a 10 hour flight, they arrived in St.-Tropez. They got their luggage and was able to hail a cab. Another 30 minutes and they were at their hotel. The driver helped them with their luggage. They went to the front desk.
The oldest Winchester decided to take out his iPod and listen to his music for the rest of the drive. He was still tired and sore from their shapeshifter hunt the day before, so he went ahead and shut his eyes before the get to Harvelle's.
"Dean? Where did you go?" Cas queried, walking through a few isles in Target, absent mindlessly touching the bump of his stomach.
After all the thank you and goodbyes, the front door closed, leaving Dean and Cas by themselves in their new home.
Dean grabbed Cas by the waist by one hand while the other held his hand. Cas placed the hand that wasn't holding Dean's on the alpha shoulder. They started swaying to the music.
Cas' stomach was in knots. He pushed his food around on his plate, trying to find the guts to just come out and say it.
Once Cas was safely inside the dormitories, he leaned against the wall, taking a deep breath, trying not to let the memories flood back.
"Yeah, but I love their fries and I know you love their burgers," Charlie pointed out. "And besides, maybe someone will catch your eye. This place is full of hot alphas."
The birth of the pup was quickly approaching. The due date was set for the 26th. Cas was freaking out, stressing out, and just all around terrified. He was scared at what it was going to feel like, afraid of the pain.
"She's getting fussy," Cas chuckled, taking her from Dean. "She's probably tired. I'll put her down for a nap."
The moans the young omega was making, and the way he was working his mouth at Dean's length, was bringing the alpha closer and closer to climax.
The omega clenched his fists. "They are doing fine. And I actually want to announce something, if that's okay."
"I'm also pregnant with his pups," Cas blurted out. He might as well rip the whole band-aid off while they're angry.
"Yes, of course. I didn't think I would have a family this soon, but I always promised my self, once I start one, I would do my best to get a job and pull out of the army."
The youngest Novak was starting his senior year, so he was nervous. His other school was not a good experience for him. He wanted to believe his older brother was right about making friends, but the anxiety in him made him doubt it.
Cas chuckled. "Your aunts are making breakfast for everyone. Let's go get some before your uncles scarf it all down."
Once the couple arrived at the theater, they got their tickets and went to stand in line for the concession stand.
Dick walked away, leaving Cas stunned and crying. Sam laid a hand on Cas' shoulder, giving it a squeeze. Cas hugged Sam, sobbing into his chest.
Samandrial, Hannah, and Lucifer whined making everyone laugh. Dean decided to make coffee, tea for Cas, and hot chocolate for the little ones before they all resided to their living room.
Just as Cas let out a sigh of relief, Dean walked in, carrying his camera around his neck. He stopped in his tracks when he saw Cas looking adorable in his outfit, his hair messy as if someone ran their fingers through it.
"Come on. You look beautiful like always. We need to start leaving. You're gonna be late for school," the Winchester advised.
Gadreel sighed, slightly embarrassed that his best friend was practically taking over his date. "I'm really sorry about this. Abner is very kind hearted. I really didn't think he would do any of this," Gadreel told Cas.
Another moan. "Yes, so much. I love the feeling of your thick fingers opening me up," Cas breathed out, grasping at the pillows above his head. "I need more. Please, daddy."
The alpha pulled away quickly before things got anymore heated. "Wait. Are you sure you want this, Cas?"
Dean helped Cas up, sitting him on the bed. The omega sighed, wiping his hair off his sweaty forehead.
"Yes," Cas muttered, looking through the notebook. "I totally forgot about my journal. I haven't written in here in so long."
Dean cleaned up his apartment to make it look nice and clean. He wants the apartment to look better for Cas. Especially if he plans to have the omega over more often and maybe even Claire.
Their dad disappeared when they were young. Lucifer said he saw him walk out with a suitcase in hand. Gabriel said he thinks their dad couldn't take the fighting and their mom always working.
Cas sighed, relaxing into the hospital bed, rubbing at his stomach. The pains finally started subsiding as was his fear and anxiety. He was so glad to hear that he was fine and healthy. All he wanted now was just to see Dean and reassure him.
Crowley saw the tears falling from the omega's eyes and the helpless begging. He pushed Dick back away from Cas.
"Yeah. That wasn't one of my strong suits." Dean shrugged, rubbing the back of his neck. "How have you been?"
Claire and Cas looked at where Jack was at. The two year old was in the bathroom, looking up at the cabinet where Dean hid. Claire rushed over to see what Jack was looking at.
Mary was in the kitchen unpacking the dishes and appliances with Bobby's wife, Ellen, and her daughter, Jo. Cas picked up the last box of kitchen stuff, putting it on the kitchen counter.
Just then, the waitress came back over with two plates in her hand. She placed one in front of each of them.
"You're a disgusting asshole," Cas exclaimed, slapping Dick across the face. "Those were private. Why the fuck are you doing this to me?"
"I love it almost as much as I love you," Dean laughed, earning him a slap on the arm. "I'm joking. I can't have sex with bacon, so..."
"Anything for the future Mr. Winchester," Dean said, putting Cas back on his feet, keeping his arms wrapped around the omega's waist, pressing his nose in his neck to smell Cas' happy, content scent.
Dean watched Mick walk away, waiting for him to get out of hearing distance before looking at Cas. "Really, Cas? Him?"
The omega had to admit, he wish his mom was that protective of him. His mom, the head brain surgeon at the state hospital, was always busy. He guesses that's the reason why Gabriel felt the need to protect him.
"I mean, you are. My relationship with Lisa was casual. It was nothing serious. Well, not to me. She wanted something serious," Dean explained.
Cas cut him off. "This is such a relief. I've been waiting for this to happen ever since we started dating. I'm so happy."
Once he ended the call, the omega cuddled back up to his new husband. Dean brought Cas closer with his arm around him.
Without warning, the alpha stripper started dancing in front of Cas, his crotch right in the omega's face. Cas blushed, but laughed it off. The stripper grabbed Cas' hand and put it on his very sculpted abs, running down to right above his crotch. Cas' friends 'whoo'ed and took pictures and video.
When Dean was satisfied at how loose Cas was, he positioned himself to push into the omega. It felt like the first time to Cas. He doesn't ever remember feeling so full. Not even their first time together. Is it even possible that Dean grew a little? Or maybe it's just been a very long time since he's had sex. Either way, he sure as hell wasn't complaining.
"So, babe," Dean started, grabbing Cas by the hips from behind. "are you sure you're gonna be okay with me going out with the guys after work?"
Cas and Dean got out of the shower and decided to lay in bed and watch a movie. It was Friday night and Cas didn't have to worry about school the next day, and since he finished working so hard on a couple of projects, he wanted to finally relax a bit with his fiancé.
The alpha moved them to lay on their sides while they waited for Dean's knot to go down. Cas turned his head to look at Dean, kissing him softly and passionately, letting their tongues dance together.
