"Look I just know you'll definitely do a better job than I had." He placed a hand on Steve's shoulder. "You were the crazy super soldier that my father would praise. The expectations that I could never meet. You're Captain America and now I'm just Tony Stark again." he smiled but Steve could see the sadness behind it all.
"Don't even get me started on you Mr. high and mighty Captain America. " Clint walked around flailing his arms. "You're practically the reason why he left. He felt like shit after you left." He stated matter of factly. "We know you guys fought before you quit and it ate at him until he decided on retirement."
yeah he would definitely miss this place. He'd miss the people. He'd miss the place he'd started calling home. But this was what he had to do. "He walked down into his lab. "Alright JARVIS this is it buddy. Dumb E, Butterfingers, you two ready?" He smiled sadly.
"JARVIS are you ready to leave buddy?" he asked aloud knowing that technically the AI had no real choice. "Sir wherever you go I must go." Tony let out a soft chuckle. Jarvis was the only one who would never purposely turn his back on him as sad as it was.
He had made it home to his new penthouse. It was dark and quiet. The silence was loud as he made his way to his room. No stupid remarks from Clint. No wise quotes from the capsicle. No stupid banter about who's stronger from Thor and Hulk. Tony felt his eyes begin to sting and there it was, the tears.
With that Nat was dismissed and found her way back to the others who were mourning the loss of their friend. Steve took a deep breath not sure he was prepared for the call that was ahead of him. “Alright uh FRIDAY call Pepper Potts.”
He switched out his uniform for a pair of jeans and a crewneck tee. He threw on his boots and reached for his jacket and keys. Ignoring his team members he headed down to the garage to get his motorcycle. Just what was it that Pepper wanted him to see.
“Hey Pep it’s Steve. . uh I was wondering if you’d seen the news.” Steve, honest to god, didn't want to be the one to tell Rhodey and Pepper. Sure Pepper and Tony were no longer together but that didn’t mean they didn’t matter to each other as friends. I mean she was and still is Tony’s right hand woman at the company.
Peter looked up and showed a force smile as he nodded. "I understand. I just wish you didn't have to leave the tower but I understand." Peter stood up thanking Stark for his time before leaving. Tony felt as though he'd just disappointed the kid in choosing to just pack up and leave but he wouldn't be able to work in the tower it wouldn't be right. It wasn't his place anymore.
"So as I was saying. Tony is leaving the team." The word leaving made Tony wince. He didn't want to leave them. He wasn't abandoning them. They'd always have his support and the support they needed from Stark Industries. But he'd just help them from afar. This was what needed to be done.
His thoughts were cut short when he thought about Pepper and Rhodey. “Has anyone called Rhodeny or Pepper yet.” Nat shook her head no. Steve sighed and nodded to himself. “I’ll uh handle it then. You go back to the others, I’ll be alright.”
"Shit" Steve cursed under his breath. He turned away from the group fishing his cell from his pocket. "Cmon' Fury pick up the damn phone." He waited a moment listening the the dial tone. "Fury, have you seen the news. Stark's facility is on fire."
Clint walked into the living room with a look of confusion on his face. "Tony who was that? That wasn't  JARVIS." Everyone seemed a little confused and concerned. Tony simply smiled.
Tony finally looked up meeting Steve's eyes. "As for why you? Cap, you're a natural born leader. You're strong, brave, selfless. You've got instincts and the team trusts you."
Thor and Clint frowned. "Hey stop with all the long faces. Come drink. Let's celebrate." Tony turned to place the glasses down on the counter. "We all know that I wasn't fit to lead and it was only a matter of time before I retired or died. So better now than later."
He let out a huff as he taped up the last box of his belongings. This was it, his last few days in the tower. He sighed walking down the hall thinking of the memories that were created in the tower. The stupid things said over team bonding night and all the days he spent going over what needed to be repaired after each battle.
Tony jumped as he heard a knock at the door. He hadn't even realized that the tears had began to fall the alcohol having more of an influence on his emotions than he thought. He quickly wiped his face before turning to walk to the door. When the door opened he was met with Peter Parker in the hallway playing with the sleeves of his jacket. "Peter, come in. What can I do for you kid?"
:"Yes I can see that Captain Rogers. All the staff seemed to have made it out alright so what seems to be the issue." Of course Fury had that I know best, I don't really care so get on with it. When did Fury ever really care. Steve stood their for a moment not saying a word hands clenched into fists at his side. "Captain?"
"You'll be fine without me. You got Sam here and he's as smart and maybe even smarter than me. Plus you also have Bruce, Peter, and Scott some of the smartest people I know."  Tony began to pour the glasses. "Besides if you really need me Fury can patch you through to me." Everyone stood there surprised. Tony never really praised anyone so highly before it seemed unnatural.
He wanted to ask the other if he was alright the exhaustion clear on Tony's face. But he felt he wasn't in any position to be friendly with Tony. After their fight and the radio silence between the two of them. Hell Steve was convinced he was one of the factors that pushed Tony towards that decision.
"Oh Jesus Tony." He heard Steve say from behind him. He felt a hand rub his back as he finished. Tony quickly pushed away the hand and stood up shakily, his body suddenly feeling like jelly. He leaned on the door for support trying not the crash into the ground. "Are you alright. .?" Steve asked quietly.
Before anyone could ask anymore questions he walked out the door. he could hear Steve calling after him but he ignored it rushing towards the nearest restroom. He could hear the footsteps follow behind him. But at that point it wasn't important as he ran into the stall hurling up whatever he had for breakfast.
“Contacting Miss Potts.” FRIDAY announced. Steve didn’t know how the two would handle this news. It was a few moments before Pepper had answered the phone. To his surprise she sounded fairly calm. He was suddenly scared that he would have to be the one to break the knews to Pepper.
Tony stopped what he was doing for a split second before slamming his hands down on his desk. He inhaled ready to put on the cocky, playboy, genius act all over again like he always does. "Listen we're all alive. The world is still in once piece. If you ask me sounds that like a mission accomplished." he sassed. Steve shot him a glare and he faltered for a moment. "Besides it's
His thoughts were interrupted by a knock at the door. It was Natasha. Steve looked up with a sigh muttering a quiet 'come in'. Nat walked in with a frown on her face. Sure she didn't always agree with Tony and how he had been acting but that didn't mean she had wanted any of this to happen. She never thought that this could be what Tony's retirement lead to.
Steve had that unreadable expression on his face again. "Look, you were right Steve, I'm not fit to lead. I'm not the right guy so here's your chance to say I told you so." He spoke quietly and Steve could hear the exhaustion in the other man's voice. "I don't want anymore people to die because of me."
"Everyone I'd like you to say hello to FRIDAY. She's your new tower security system. She'll also be able to answer and assist you with anything you need in the field through coms." Everyone starred at him as he began to explain. "FRIDAY here is programed to work the same way as JARVIS just a little easier since I won't be around if something happens. Her program is uh better protected than JARVIS to say the least."
A week had passed and Tony was almost done packing up his belongings. Members of the team would stop by and stare from time to time as he worked. Some of them seemed to be worried about his departure but none dared to speak up. They all seemed to know that Tony had made up his mind and that he was likely too stubborn to change it.
Tony leaned back against in the chair sighing. He felt exhausted. "Jarvis we have some planning to do in the morning. For now turn off the lights and play some nice jazz." Jarvis did as he was told. Tony stood up looking over the city once more before he turned making his way to the sofa in the corner of the room to sleep and let his frantic mind rest.
'Steve I know you wouldn't mind returning to the team. Especially since I'll be gone. You're a good leader and I know you'll do well. Tony smiled before he stood up from his seat. he was starting to feel nervous causing him to get nauseated. "Now that this is out of the way if you'll excuse me."
Tony didn't answer. "Now if you didn't wanna drink with me that's also fine. More for me." He picked up the tray and turned to walk down the hall to his lab. "To the retirement of Iron Man." he shouted as he waved his hand disappearing down the hallway.
Tony understood why though. They weren't on good terms right now and he was the one to blame for it. Tony had
The ride home was quiet with the exception of Peter's sniffling. Steve himself was trying his damned hardest to hold it together in front of everyone else. He couldn't help the occasional tear that had threatened to escape. You would think after losing everything that he had known, losing everyone he had known would make this a lot easier. But the reality of it was that no matter how many times it happens it still hurts like a bitch.
Today he had made a few bad calls. A few bad calls that had led Clint to a broken arm and Sam possibly a concussion from the impact of their collision earlier that day. Nat was frustrated. Without Cap around she was left to clean up after Tony's mistakes in the field. Tony was frustrated with himself and they weren't the only ones who were frustrated, nearly the whole team was frustrated with Tony.
Overall the press conference went alright. He had gotten out he information needed and when it came to Steve's turn it went smoothly. But suddenly when he was bombarded with questions and cameras. He felt so overwhelmed.
"What makes you think that I'd even want to take this position?" He questioned. Tony shook his head. He knew Steve would be glad to be able to return to his team without Tony being there. Being able to lead was just a bonus.
"That would be true. Friend Tony was a wreck after you left." The asgardian spoke up. Steve stilled and now Natasha was more upset than before. She didn't think it was fair to blame Tony's choice to leave on them.
Steve didn’t understand what Nat could be suggesting. That fire? That explosion there’s no way that Tony could’ve survived that. At least not without the suit. But as far as he knew the iron man suits were all still here locked up in the tower. But of course knowing Tony he would always be able to rebuild the suits better than the previous.
"So what's the game plan?" Clint asked, already completely suited up along side Falcon. " Steve shook his head causing Clitnt to frown. " Did Fury tell us we couldn't go? When have the avengers ever listened to that bastard."
Tony sighed and downed another shot. "Mm you see that's where you're wrong Nat. This is me taking responsibility." Tony started. "You said it yourself I'm not fit to lead. I'm not in the right place mentally or emotionally to be calling the shots in the field." He slammed the glass down. "It's better for me to step down now before I end up leading you all to your death." First they wanted him to step down. Now they were judging him him for stepping down. He couldn't catch a break could he.
Tony shot him a soft smile and nodded. "Fine. Now what can I do for you Cap?" Tony pushed passed him and walked over to the sink to wash his face. Steve opened his mouth to speak but didn't say anything until Tony had turned to face him.
He was tired. No scratch that he was exhausted. Growing up his father had engraved it into his head to never show weakness. He was taught that Stark men were to always be strong as Stark men were made of iron. The past week of putting up this strong front had drained him
Okay so that is the end of the chapter.  I wonder what miss Potts wants to show our captain.  Also I uh hopefully will have more updates soon I really am sorry for all the late and inconsistent updates.
“Steve you know better than I do that if Tony wanted to he could recreate any of the sujits he already had. Or even make a new one from scratch better than the last.” She was right and Steved knew that. But at the same time he was unsure. Lately Tony had been pulling stunts Steve didn’t know he was capable ol.
"seems they've classified it as a class C fire. I still can't tell what the hell-." Sam was cut off by another explosion. It seemed that one of the building's generators had blown. Steve stood their in shock thoughts running at thousands of miles per second. There was no way Tony would of survived that. Not without his suit. Tony didn't make it. Even if he wasn't blown to pieces the smoke would have suffocated the man.
They all looked at their leader expectantly waiting for orders. Waiting for anything.  "Sam have you seen if Tony has gotten out yet." Sam shook his head with a frown. As far as he knew Tony had yet to make it out of the burning building. It had seemed as thought most of the staff had made it out alright so why.
"Ah that's right." Fury started. "I hadn't the chance to inform you as you were on a mission. I didn't need this information distracting you." Steve scoffed in annoyance but let Fury continue anyways.
"I'm no hero Steve. I don't belong on the battle field atleast not like this you said it yourself. I'm an inventor I belong in a lab." his breath hitched as he pat Steve on the shoulder. "Well congratulations Captain and best of luck. Know that you'll always have Stark Industries to back you up if it be financially or new tech."
only it's not quite how Steve was expecting things to go. Also Pepper and Laura are a fear-inspiring combination.
“What?” Tony’s voice strangled in his throat. “I, mean, now?” He’d thought it would take longer to vote on them. That he’d have to do more tap-dancing.
Loki sighed, seemingly beyond weary. “I cannot keep apologizing for my errors. I can only attempt to fix them.”
Tony stared at this strange, mystical girl who seemed to see through him like glass. “I’m afraid,” he admitted.
“Okay everyone, we have to go in single file, but I’m not sure that we won’t get turned around.” Sam looked over at Dean. “Any ideas?”
“Who decides that?” Steve asked, eyes flicking towards Bucky, concern in every line of his body. “Is it God?”
Tony held up a hand. Strange narrowed his gaze. “You wish to say something?” His tone was arch. Tony wanted to kick him in the balls. Magic sucked. He nodded, and Strange waved his hand once more.
Tony cackled, almost choking on his own tongue. “Captain Sassy McSassypants is back in the building!” He tugged Steve back down again. “Go away,” he mumbled against the press of Steve’s lips.
Tony’s hand dug into his hair. “If you’re going to kiss me, then kiss me. Otherwise, play with Bucky. Don’t half-ass this, Cap.”
“It’s ‘cause he was always the little guy, you know,” Bucky nodded. “I’m sure it had something to do with overcompensation.” His grin faltered when he saw Steve’s face. “Stevie? Are you okay? Should I not talk about….?”
Matilda kneaded his chest, turned a few times and then settled down in a feline bundle. “That’s not helpful,” Steve told her. He put one hand on the arm of the chair and another on her back, fingers digging in a little into the thick fur. “Here goes nothing.”
“Sure,” Tony said. “I like a good, peaty single malt.” Again, just that imperceptible flinch that had Tony thinking the bottle would be binned as soon as they left.
He opened his eyes. She was standing in front of him, eyes glowing and face careful. “Hi.” He was still so very afraid of what she could do, even if she was on their side now. “You want something to drink?”
“I will rip off your head and spit in the hole.” Natasha’s hiss had them stumbling to a halt. “Get your fucking ass down there, Stark.” She pointed to the garden where Bruce stood, nervously fiddling with his tie.
“Well then, I see I missed the pity party.” Tony’s wry voice had them all looking towards the elevators. He was practically vibrating.
Tony opened his mouth to protest but Steve put a hand over it. “We need you functioning, Tony.” He kept his voice low. “You've done what you can. If you stay down here, you'll make mistakes. And you know that mistakes you make can kill.” He knew he was hitting below the belt with that one, but he was prepared to use any argument necessary to make Tony obey him.
Steve looked over at Natasha and her face was like carved marble. He wanted to offer comfort but right now, he was the last person she needed.
idea,” Natasha muttered. Tony agreed. There had been several traumatizing nights of very loud Asgardan sex and singing. Tony really didn’t know how Jane did it.
Steve shook his head. “To all of us. To the team.” He sighed. “He always gives the impression of all flash and no substance, but that isn’t true.”
“Loki has taken the President hostage.” Steve watched their reactions. As usual, Natasha and Clint didn’t show any emotion. Wanda clearly didn’t give a crap, and Sam had the exact same reaction that Rhodey had.
actually trying to sleep but as usual his brain was running in circles. Of all the things he’d expected to happen today, making sort-of friends with Steve’s semi-amnesiac assassin war buddy wasn’t one of them.
Thor tapped his chin. “It was most peculiar. They asked me what one called a man who had neither arms nor legs, but could still play that instrument you call the piano.” He frowned. “It is much like the harpsichord on Asgard,” he informed a confused looking Loki.
A gusty sigh was Tony’s reply. “’Tis true that Loki has not shown you his better side,” Thor admitted.
Strange inclined his head. “You are correct, Ms. Romanov. On both counts.” His voice had layers that Tony desperately wanted to hear.
“Who is this JARVIS you speak of, friend Tony?” Thor boomed. “In all the days of our acquaintance, you have not mentioned this name.”
Tony searched Steve’s face, and Steve allowed him to see his truth there. “That’s a hell of a burden to carry, you know.” Tony kept his voice light.
Tony was apparently offended that none of them approved of his awesome plan. They all had identical expressions on their faces. It would have been funny, Steve thought if it wasn’t the actual end of the world.
He turned the corner and pulled up short. Bucky had Steve down on the mat, strong legs pinning Steve’s arms to his sides and his prosthetic arm wrapped around Steve’s neck. Steve was red in the face.
“You can stay in my suite,” Bruce said. “There’s a second bedroom and I think that if you cause any problems, the Other Guy would be able to handle you.” He smiled. Tony wondered just how much more Bruce and the Hulk were sharing these days.
There was a complicated series of eyebrow movements between Sam and Dean that fascinated Tony. Sam came out the obvious winner when he said, “When do we leave?”
“Is it always like this?” Dean’s distinctive gravelly voice had Tony trying to straighten up. Coulson offered a hand.
“There are books written about them,” Bucky said. “A guy called Carver Edlund wrote a series based on their lives.”
“Aye-aye, sir!” Tony saluted him, launching up at the same time. “Time to dance with the Devil.” He wasn’t nervous
Bruce surged towards him. “Thanos. He's a plague, Tony. He invades planets. He takes what he wants. He wipes out half the population. He sent Loki. The attack on New York. That's
Steve took a step to the side, saying nothing. The litany of swearing from Clint was answer enough. “Vision?” Steve waited for Vision to look up. He had his arms around Wanda, holding her tightly. She was clinging as hard to him, muffled sobs barely audible.
“Sure you did.” Clint’s mouth curled in a smug little smirk that Tony wanted to smack off his smug little face.
Thor straightened up with a proud expression on his face. “I will always strive to be worthy of this honor,” he assured them.
“Hey Tony!” Peter’s barely broken squeak of greeting was accompanied by the biggest grin Tony had ever seen. “Geez, Vision is so fast. I could barely keep up with him on the way over here!”
“Yes, it was, Captain.” Fury wasn’t budging. “If the Winter Soldier was brought in by S.H.I.E.L.D. agents, what do you suppose would have happened to him?”
“Shut up, this won’t hurt a bit,” Tony promised. He grabbed Steve’s cheeks between his hands and pulled his mouth to his.
Pepper handed him a mug of coffee before he said a word and kissed him. “Morning, hon, you were sleeping like the dead, so I left you to it.”
“Yesterday,” Bucky told him. “When he fitted my arm and I told him about my dreams.” He touched the fingers on the hand that Tony had built. “When I showed how much I trusted him.”
And that was why Bruce was pretty much the best bro Tony had. Not even Rhodey would have just accepted Tony’s words at face value.
Tony decided to man up. “Who’s Phil?” he asked Steve. “His name is Agent.” He grinned at Coulson, who was glaring daggers at the laughing guy with the bow and arrows.
“Rude,” Tony muttered. Then he slumped against the workbench. “Have I been that obvious?” he asked, chewing on his thumb nail.
Peter fell into Tony’s arms, and Steve caught them both as they stumbled back into him. “I don't know what's- I don't know what's happening. I don't…” Steve wasn’t sure who was crying harder, Peter or him. “Save me, save me! I don't wanna go, I don't wanna go, sir, please. Please, I don't wanna go. I don't wanna go... I'm sorry.”
Bucky snorted. “Please, he’d have been staring down his nose at us, judging us all for our lack of self-control.”
He clenched his fists, digging his nails into his palms. It was over. Surely? If Ross hadn’t been so gung ho about the SRA, then Congress would never have voted it into being in the first place.
“It’s my house, but okay,” Tony said, squeaking as Thor swept him up into a crushing hug. He barely avoided being brained by Thor’s hammer. And there was a euphemism that he wasn’t going to look too closely at.
Pax was now bleeding, and Clint took advantage of it- shooting more arrows at him quickly. Each one going through tentacles and landing exactly where he wanted them to hit.
"Yes. Usually he just sends me to bed early but because I got into a fight yesterday, skipped classes, was late home and then let you in the house- I got punished." He put the sunglasses back on. This was my fault? A parent should never hit a child like that- no matter what the crime.
Steve looked at him as Tony charged straight into his stomach and wrapped his arms around him. He wrapped an arm around him and stroked his hair with the other.
"Are you sure it was that specific Jagkar?" Steve asked, he believed that Pax was dead as well. Tony nodded.
"But... That doesn't mean you're not my daddy. You and daddy helped me grow up. So you and daddy are my daddys" Steve tried to make sense of this. So, because he helped Tony raise Patrick, Patrick now thought that he was his daddy.
So we were in this garage because this is his. He used to work here when he was younger and the owner had to close up shop. So Tony got the place given to him. He goes to this garage to work on stuff in order to think.
The clock stroke 5. Tony's sessions were ending in half an hour. Steve would be there at 5:30 prompt. The guy had until then. Tony looked around the room to see if there was something which could help him. He kicked away from the man and got up, running into the kitchen. He grabbed a knife and held it out.
"You will call me Master. And only Master. You got it?" Pax said. Bruce and Clint closed their eyes as they realised what was about to happen. Tony looked over at them. He was doing this for them.
"It isn't a disgusting creature, its my child!" Tony cried out to stop her. He put his head into Steve's back and hid the egg behind him too.
The guy stabbed the knife into Tony's arm, and started to cut down it. The noise was horrifying. A blood curdling scream.
"If they are down there with that..." Nat's mind began to wander and Steve looked down as the lid stopped moving from under him.
Patrick looked around for his dad. He let out a cry. His arms were gone. Well, they weren't, but they weren't arms anymore. Steve was the one who ran out to check on him, because Tony was busy. He looked at Patrick.
"Please don't." Tony said. He looked at Clint and Bruce. Bruce's eyes looked sad. He was blaming himself for this, but this really wasn't his fault. Well, him pointing at Tony to say he was the leader was his fault. He could have pointed at Clint, but he never.
Bruce looked over at Clint. He grabbed a gun and started shooting at Pax, letting out a roar. The Hulk didn't want to make an appearance. It was like he knew that
"When I came out as gay to my father... It didn't end well. It ended with 4 broken ribs and a black eye. But we don't need to discuss that."
His lips were chapped. He looked pale. It was definitly time to go home. I offered my hand and he took it. He wasn't speaking, but I didn't know if he could right now. I took him home.
A tentacle grabbed onto Clint's leg. Letting out a scream, Clint was pulled off the floor by his ankle and then slammed down onto the floor. He got thrown across the room and he laid there for a few seconds while he got his breath back.
The sound of a phone ringing filled the workshop.  Hm.  JARVIS must be pissed if he just called without replying first.  Ring.  Ring.  Riiiing.  Jesus, where did Rogers keep his phone?
Steve gasped and pressed his hand to his chest.  “My God!  What was I thinking?  Better get you some coffee, stat!”  Steve kissed him and then rolled out of bed.  He hesitated then asked softly, “Shall I bring it to you?”  but Tony was already throwing back the covers.
Tony stayed up all night working on projects often enough, but a night of hateful inactivity, staring at Steve and thinking that—  Tony cut off that line of thought.  (Yeah.  See?  Feelings—exhausting!)   Even after Steve’s reassurances that the scene hadn’t gone terribly wrong, that the crying had been a good thing in fact, Tony couldn’t sleep.  There was too much to think about.  So, he wasn’t hiding in the workshop; he was processing.
“Again,” Steve said mildly, cutting back into the conversation and drawing all eyes to him, “I’d like to thank SHIELD for offering additional support for our upcoming training exercises, but as you can see my team has everything under control.  And the proposed ‘resources’ would in fact be counter productive.”
“Bruce came up for lunch earlier.  He was going to bring this down to you, but he read something on the Internet that made him, uh, need to go meditate.  Immediately.  So he suggested I bring it down instead.”  Rogers paused a moment, then asked, “Would you like some lunch?”
Rhodes made a face. “And, drop the ‘sir.’” He shook his head. “Can’t have Captain America calling me ‘sir.’”
“I doubt it will be a problem, sir, but might I suggest you place this project in the side shop all the same?”
“Great!” Clint waved his arms. “Avengers assemble! For burgers. Hey, you wanna come too?” he called to Mikie and Katie as they stepped into the room.
yet per se, but yeah. I'm almost done assembling the first one. You could come check it out if you like.”
“Hell no!  Not in the Tower,” Tony shook his head, amused. “Silver spoon, meet Chinese take-out box.  But, sure, this is cool too, I guess,” Tony waved at the place settings.  “I mean, look at this!  Desert spoons and little bread plates! Cloth napkins!  Where did you even find napkins?  Since when do I have napkins?  Anyway,” Tony said, pushing back his chair, “real classy ‘n shit.  Let’s do it again sometime!”
“The next time Father Gabe made his rounds, Buck asked to come see me. Mom was at work. He stayed all afternoon. We talked and I read to him, storybooks mom brought from the library. Bucky wasn’t a very good reader yet, even though he was older than me, so eventually I helped him with homework. And he’d tell me about the fights his dad had won and how to throw a punch and we listened to the Lone Ranger on the radio, then made up the story ourselves whenever the reception cut out.”
“Now then,” she said, pulling back, “come with me and you can put your safeword into our StarkSafe.”
"Omegas are rare in Manottan, more so than here in Eire," Phillips said. "But desirable, especially the, uh, uninitiated."
Tony stumbled blearily to his kitchenette and poured himself a huge mug of coffee.  He drank half of it in a few long gulps, letting it scald his tongue but not caring.  He needed to be alert.  A long anticipated pleasure was about to be his.
Rogers flinched.  (Shit.  Vulgarity really upsets the guy.  Good to know.)  Tony threw back the rest of his scotch.
Eire wasn’t a particularly powerful or large kingdom, but nobody wanted to cross a dragonslayer king.  Word had traveled fast. Soon all the kingdoms and duchies of Europa were sending gifts to the new monarch.  And Howard and Gregory were both eager to be rid of him; what better way than to send the troublesome youngest son off as tribute?
She was making that blank, steely face she made when she was controlling her reactions, but not actually trying to deceive. It was her armor face, but not the mask. (Knew she’d been too quiet.)
Tony turned. The man who’d spoken was bald, tall, and thin—almost lanky—wearing an immaculate tuxedo and small wire rim glasses. He looked familiar, but Tony couldn’t place him.
Clint laughed. “Okay—I’m not overthinking this. Iron Man is totally a hero in Eewoo culture! Ballads. There’s gonna be fucking ballads.”
Steve shrugged. “Always have had a temper,” he acknowledged ruefully. “Just used to be better at picking my targets.”
So what if Steve wasn’t the kind of Dom who topped on a second date? Considering how late Tony’d sent his contract, Steve probably hadn’t even had enough time to digest it. Or make plans. But he’d seen it. He’d even accepted it—accepted
might seem a little over-eager, Steve had already said, “I’d be delighted” and given him a bright, happy smile.
don’t want to do it, we can talk to them,” Tony said, yanking at a few loose copper wires. “Trust me, they can adapt. They’re used to
“It’s traditional,” Tony said with a shrug.  The rings through his nipples shook with the movement and sent the web of delicate chains tinkling under the translucent silks that draped his torso.
Thank you all so much for your kind words!  I'm so glad you enjoyed chapter 18 and am sorry for the delay getting 19 to you.  Thank you for your patience-- work, travel, writers block and a cruel separation from my beta slowed this down a bit.  Hope having an extra long chapter makes up for it.  :-)
—looked at him properly. His eyes were wide and searching. Tony tried not to shy away from that gaze, but it took an act of conscious will. Finally, Tony squeezed his shoulder and stepped back.
“Tony, I—“ Steve took a step into the workshop, eyes wide and hand outstretched for a moment, before he drew it back. Cap swallowed, looked at Tony intently for a few seconds, and fell into parade rest. He gave Tony a little half-smile and a shrug. “I was thinking about ordering Thai food and watching an episode of
“Sounds good!” Bruce called over the hum of the quinjet.  He hurried over to one of the SHIELD agents.
With someone else, Tony might have put on a show—canted his hips just so, arched his back, exposed his throat. (Reclaiming control.) But Steve had put him where he wanted him and was looking at him with such a serious, earnest gaze that—
“Here we go!” Tony said.  He glanced at Steve, who’d tensed up again, then added,  “You three first, but Natasha? Do me a favor and close the door after you get out?  We need a minute.”
,” Steve ground out.  “Or we could have put you further out, no suit, with all of us between you and Hulk.  Or you could have been on the ramp of the Quinjet, ready to run in if things went south. Or you could have just skipped a training session and we could have seen what he did without Iron Man. There were other options.  But you didn’t have the patience to wait or the trust in your team to present your theory and talk it through.”
“Be there soon,” Tony said, casting about for a plan. He flew over a rock and cut the power, crashing down to break the spider’s exoskeleton against it. The thing released him as it split open like a crab, but Tony’s suit couldn’t dampen the force of the fall and still kill the spider. Tony’s head slammed against the helmet and his whole body exploded with pain.
Tony paused.  Steve’s eyes were shining and his lips were parted; his expression was rapt and attentive, nearly adoring.  (Oh fuck.  Mine.)
“All right,” Tony said. He felt a vague sense of disappointment as Steve left-- he’d been looking forward to the test run (first trial was always one of the best parts of inventing!)—but it was overshadowed by his concern for Rhodey.
“Does that feel good, baby?”  Tony asked, voice a little rough.  Steve nodded and, since he wasn’t cuffed to anything yet, took the opportunity to reach up and touch Tony’s face, to run his fingers along his neck, his shoulders, his chest.  He’d hardly gotten to touch Tony at all tonight.  He gave a little tug and Tony obliged him with a smile, leaning down for a kiss.  Steve parted his lips, licked Tony’s until they parted too, and Steve could press his tongue into Tony’s mouth, hot and wet.  He let his hands rove Tony’s body, caressing his back then pulling him close.  Tony let out a little ‘ouph’ as he collapsed against Steve.
Tony rolled his eyes and claimed his usual spot on the couch, wriggling a little closer to Bruce than usual.  (See?  We’re cool!)
“Thank you so much for a wonderful evening,” Steve said, still sounding breathless. “I had a great time. But it’s late now; I should go.”
“Don’t see how that matters,” Steven said. He tilted his head to the side, looking confused, and the crown started to fall off; he sat up straight and shoved it back into place as he added,  “After all, we elect our kings.”
“Oh, fuck, you’re gorgeous like this,” Tony growled.  He pulled out and pushed in very slowly. Steve panted and rocked back wanting more, harder.  Steve could hear Tony breathing heavily.
Tony gasped as Steve’s huge cock pressed into him, long and hard and slow like he wanted, a smooth deliberate thrust.
Tony rubbed the back of his neck and resisted the temptation to fidget.  Steve just sat there, looking up at him expectantly, curiously.
Tony had made his proposition to Deetz on the dance floor, but they’d worked out the details between the gala and the hotel. (And had departed the ballroom discreetly and separately after Captain Overkill had already gone home.)
smile at Tony or looked out the window or stroked his thumb lightly across the back of Tony’s hand. (It was terribly distracting.)
Bruce immediately looked alarmed.  Tony regretted his remark when Bruce asked,  “Do you think it might not hold?
“It’s routine for personnel on a military compound to be signed in and out, to have those things pre-approved,” Bruce said with a shrug. “We probably should have let them know.”
Rogers picked up his fork and looked at his tray with obvious reluctance. Tom smiled—some things are universal.
to obey Steve’s order not to move, to keep his hands above his head, to keep his hips still; there was an antsy, desperate need for touch, for friction, for movement buzzing like a live wire under Tony’s skin.
Steve was panting heavily, his face flushed with arousal, his eyes gleaming.  Tony could see his dick swelling in his pants.
Tony whipped up a set of virtual training modules in no time and then had JARVIS modify them so that he wouldn’t know all the solutions.  (Genius.  Duh.) Their training gym was already a work of art, if Tony did say so himself, so no extra work required there.  The ceilings were twenty-five feet high to allow Iron Man some maneuverability and the place had just about everything a super powered response team could want: climbing walls; perches and ledges; trapdoors that could bring props up or fall out from under their feet; D-rings in the ceiling for every manner of equipment.  Rogers thought it was
“No theft necessary,” Tony said. He reached across the table for Steve’s hand. “I’m pretty sure he’s eager to kiss you.”
“Fuck!  Steve, come here,” Tony finally ordered and Steve slid closer, kneeling up.  “Take my cock, baby.  Go on, suck me off.”
Rogers nodded. “I read up on it and . . . other things while I was—“ he hesitated, “catching up.” Rogers shook his head.  “But if he’d already broken your arm or . . . or worse . . . I don’t see how that’s much help.”
“You like that, don’t you, baby?” Tony asked.  “This is what you want, isn’t it?  To be opened up for me.”
Tony glanced out at the dance floor, and asked, “So, shall we dance or do you want to discuss my workshop safety protocols some more?”
“I--” Tony cleared his throat, taking a moment to think. “I think it wasn’t very nice to spring this meeting on us unprepared. Especially since I have my own experts who’ve been working on this.”
Steve chuckled. “Yeah. Anna showed me. She thought I had the makings of a decent cook, but that’s one of the only dishes I had time to learn.”
Tony shot at some more spider things, then dodged as one suddenly leapt into the air at him. (Fuck!)
Natasha clarified, with the slightest hint of a smile: “Cap’s very passionate about threat assessment.”
Standing at the edge of the ballroom, looking at the railing he’d hopped over, the spot where he’d stripped off his clothes and whipped out a bag of coke, he felt so remote from it, like it had been another man in another lifetime.
Talking to Tony had been exhausting—he hated revisiting those dark thoughts, that self-loathing—but now he felt freer, lighter, as if Tony had taken a terrible burden from his shoulders.  (God, I love him.) Steve shaded in the dark whiskers of Tony’s goatee, blending them to softness with his finger.  (I don’t have to hide the past from him.)  He took a long, calming breath as Tony’s features took shape on the page.  (We’re good. Everything’s good.)  His hands moved steadily, smooth familiar motions.  (Tony was really worried about me.)  Steve paused, feeling a pang of guilt.  He hadn’t meant to cry like that, hadn’t meant to worry Tony.   (He takes such good care of me . . . I shouldn’t worry him. . .)  Slowly, Steve resumed the sketch, finishing up Tony’s beautiful eyes.  (It’s okay.  I’ll read anything he gives me.  He said that would make him worry less.  It’s fine.  We’re fine.)
I thought about you while you were gone. That’s why I wrote to you. But you didn’t read my letters. It’s ok. They weren’t very good anyway.
“Steve Rogers,” Tony said, voice soft and vehement, “has more respect and decency in his pinky than all your fucking agents combined.”
Tony hesitated. Steve still didn’t ask him to leave. So Tony walked over and took a seat on the far end of the couch. Steve glanced over at him in surprise or maybe confusion for a moment, then fixed his gaze on the coffee table again.
Tony nodded. He’d expected talking about it to make things less tense, but Steve still seemed coiled tight.
Tony took a deep breath and let it out, but couldn’t hold the words in.  As Steve took hold of the button over the arc reactor, Tony murmured softly,  “Just . . . some of it isn’t pretty, you know.”
normal. That’s the point.) “I wouldn’t trust a SHIELD therapist either, even if they’re legally required to keep everything confidential. But honestly, if you do want to see someone—a doctor I trust—I just think it would help.”
Steve toyed with the edge of a pillow as he spoke. “Father Gabe, he just had this way of seeing people. He knew Buck wasn’t a bad kid, just angry and hurting. And being cooped up for the first time wasn’t helping, so the next time Father Gabe made his rounds, he brought Bucky along.”
Steve’s eyes were wide, intense, his lips slightly parted as he looked down at Tony. Tony’s eyes scanned his body and he noticed with a rush of heat that Steve’s cock was erect, pressing up against the fabric of his trousers.
“Of course I do,” Tony said, still smiling reassuringly.  He took another step closer.  “You’d never hurt me.”
Tony pulled himself from his vague calculations of the passing days to find Pepper giving him a watery smile.
“You’re beautiful, Tony,” Steve mumbled into his ear and drew back. He lowered Tony’s wrists from the wall.
Steve's throat went dry; heat coiled in his belly. Tony licked his lips and his eyes lit up with triumph.
It snapped into place and Tony prepared for an escape maneuver, but Hulk just yawned again and picked up one of his balls. He threw it to Natasha.
Tony couldn’t risk a repulsor shot or a missile—not with Rogers in its grasp like that—so he rushed it from behind. He dug the gauntlets into its eyes and squeezed its head with the armor’s full strength. It chittered and struggled, loosening its grasp on the Captain just enough for him to spring free. Rogers leapt into the air and used the force of his fall to drive his shield into the creature’s abdomen. The exoskeleton cracked and the creature convulsed once more.
Steve knew better than to ask Ms. Potts to deliver the letter of course, but Rhodes had always been cordial—even a little star struck when they first met.  And perhaps he and Ms. Potts weren’t close. Maybe she hadn’t mentioned Steve’s behavior—or her assumptions; Steve still wasn’t sure what she actually knew.  And he couldn’t picture Tony speaking ill of him to Rhodes—or, not telling tales. Generally cussing about him and what a jerk he is? Yes. Telling him about their . . . encounter?  No. No, he couldn’t picture that.
“I know we were just joking around,” Bruce said, pulling Tony from his thoughts. “But I honestly am starting to like this elasticized poly-aramid idea. Is that crazy? It’s crazy, right?”
“Sure.”  Tony shrugged.  “And I’ll go over the security stuff and whatnot when the ninjas get here.  No sense repeating myself.”
Tony had known better than to so much as peek earlier and for once knowing better had motivated his actions.  (Ha!  See?  Self-restraint.  Totally possible.)  If he’d looked at Steve’s spreadsheet, there was no way he’d have been able to fall asleep.  He’d probably have just dashed down the stairs, exhausted or no, and mauled the man in the common room.  And he’d needed sleep so he could think and he’d needed sleep so he could take Steve on a second date.  (We’re doing this right.  Don’t fuck up.)  So he’d slept.  For eleven hours.  (And not because Steve told him to.)
“Oh. I didn’t think we were—“ Bruce faltered. “And I don’t actually celebrate Christmas. Uh-- I made cookies?”
“Hey, J?” Tony called. “Send Pepper a magnum of Veuve Clicquot, would ya? And . . . and a dozen yellow roses! No, two dozen. Note to read: ‘You give the best advice.’”
“Everyone used to say they were just making up stories to amuse me or trying to sound important, but you really—“  Francesca was shaking her head in disbelief and looking decidedly misty-eyed.  “Nonno Luca used to say that you’d have wasted away without them, so really they saved New York.”
“Is there—” Rogers hesitated, glanced over at Tony before turning back to the force field.  “Is there something wrong with the contract?”
“I see why you’re frustrated,” Steve said. “But I also understand why Bruce is worried. The Hulk is really powerful. And I don’t think Bruce knows where he ends and The Hulk begins; that’s a scary thing. It’s not just about trusting himself. And even if it were, sometimes it’s harder to trust yourself than the people you care about.”
Steve gave a little shiver and set the dildo on the bed. He fetched a glass of water and hovered awkwardly for a moment, feeling torn.
And, huh, Rogers was addressing him instead of Bruce.  That was a bit unexpected.  And Bruce wasn’t answering for him! (Yeah,
“I could still think while I was floating,” Steve said slowly.  “It was like everything was blurry but I was still clear headed in another part of my mind or something.”  He sighed.  “That probably doesn’t make sense.  It was kinda like that even after I started—uh, until I fell asleep.”  (Seriously, you already cried all over him—you can say ‘crying.’  Geeze.)
“It’s gonna be okay . . .” Pepper promised him softly, gentle hands petting his hair. “I’ve got you, Tony . . . You’re so good and sweet and beautiful . . . Everything’s going to be okay . . . Shhh… It’s okay . . . You’re good. . .”
: Some of the guys who came back from the Great War, like my dad, they drank too much, but they dried themselves out. I saw how hard it was.
Once he’d calmed down a bit, Tony shook his head and said, “If that’s what you thought, you really don’t know Steve at all.”
“They do, don’t they?” Tony agreed. They stood smiling at each other for a moment. Tony blinked, then turned and called, “Okay, Avengers! Come and get it!”
“That’s what I thought,” Clint said smugly. He hobbled awkwardly over to Tony’s bed, dragging a bag full of chips, DVDs, and a laptop. “Budge over.” Clint climbed onto the bed next to him and started setting the laptop up on his knees.
“Oh,” Steve murmured softly. There he was, in black and white: sunken-chested, thin-faced and beautiful, looking at the camera with defiant eyes.
” the narrator intoned.  The Dom emerged to find a beautiful sub posed seductively across the hood, wearing a miniscule red satin dress that seemed to merge her into the image of the car.  “
Tony accepted and tried to focus on the conversation. (Shit. Shit! No, don’t panic.) Tony forced down a bite of melon. (Goddamnit—this meant more Talking.)
Over the years, Tony had forced himself to revisit that night over and over, trying to recreate his mental state and answer—in his own mind at least—the question everyone had asked: “What the hell were you thinking?”
Steve let out a little humming noise and tightened his grasp on Tony as they lay chest to chest, circled in each other’s arms, fit together like a jigsaw puzzle.  (Oh fuck.
“Dr. Banner’s brain activity on current medical monitoring indicates that he is sleeping deeply,” JARVIS answered.
“Makes me wanna go down there in War Machine and give him a piece of my mind,” Rhodey said, throwing back the scotch. A dopey grin spread across his face: “Except Miranda’d rip my balls off if I tried it.” He sounded incredibly pleased. “You’re gonna like her, Tones. You too, Pepper.”
“I almost lost it, you know,” he said softly. Tony had to lean closer to hear. “Seeing you go through, knowing you might not— I saw red. Er,” Bruce gave a nasty, self-mocking laugh, “
“Try not to turn so much on your follow through,” Cap advised. “And try using your momentum to resituate for another shot. Okay, go.”
“Cool,” Tony mumbled, wiping his hands on a rag only slightly cleaner than his hands.  “You know I have a coffee maker down here though, right?”
(And, seriously, stupid fucking robots.  Not even proper Doombots —not that Doom made quality robots either— but seriously?  An outbreak of “I hate my life and my dissertation and can’t bear to face my advisor and have been in the Columbia labs for waaaaaay too long” graduate-student-angst-bots.  What the fuck?  They should have just called campus security.  So what if the little things self-replicated like tribbles.)
“Quite so,” Miss Rushman said, leaning forward to fold her hands on the table. “I represent an unusual and eccentric artist who has been searching for a . . . special muse. He’s had single sessions and even a few repeats with models before, but never formed the artistic bond he craves, which is one it would take time and trust to nurture. Something more collaborative.”
“Oh, Tony,” Pepper said.  Her voice sounded like heartbreak.  He turned to look at her, and found her giving him this watery, wide-eyed stare that made him ache all over.  She leaned down slowly to kiss him on the forehead.  (Seriously, why was everyone so damn tall?)
Natasha looked curious, Bruce looked disappointed, and Clint looked frankly incredulous.  He stared at Tony a moment, then demanded, “What the fuck, dude?  Seriously?”
Tony didn’t know what to say to that, but his mouth was full of pancake so he didn’t have to decide.
“I—I—“ And, yeah, okay it was kinda funny the way that Steve was gaping at him, but Tony was almost afraid he’d offended the man’s sensibilities. (Should I apologize? I--)
“I do what I can,” Tony said with a grin. “Still, you managed to keep Rogers’ foot out of his mouth, so that’s a job well done.”
The band was tuning up and around them people were leaving their seats and heading back to the  ballroom.
“Oh, uh, nothing like that,” Steve said peering at Tony from around the screen. “Just it’s, well, it’s awful
“Steve, I—” Tony’s voice hitched.  Very gently, he caressed Steve’s face, wiping away the solitary tear.  Tony whispered, “I don’t know what to say.”
“Uh…” Tony squinted, trying to remember his own headspace back then. It was a fairly blank space. “It was? I did?”
Tony closed his eyes. “I don’t know how you keep doing this to me, Steve. You keep choosing everyone and everything over me…the team, and then when you apologize I want to keep hating you but…”
Pepper sat down next to him. “You really need to start giving yourself a chance, Tony.” She nudged him with a pointy elbow. “You’re kind of charming and witty, as well as fairly smart and wealthy. You’re quite a catch.”
Bruce sighed, but his mouth curved in a tiny smile. “I keep telling you that I’m not that kind of doctor, Tony.”
“It didn’t stick,” Dean replied defensively. “He’s forgiven me. I don’t understand why those assholes won’t.”
The door opened onto the living room area. Steve shoved Tony out. “Abuse!” Tony yelled. “I’m being abused! Help!”
Tony met Loki’s glare head-on. “I don’t insult my friends.” He smiled at Thor. “He knows I’m teasing.”
Rhodes raised his eyes to the heavens. “I’ll see what I can do,” he said grudgingly. “Having one less traitor on the premises wouldn’t be a bad thing.” Steve barely flinched. Rhodes pulled out a phone, pressed a number. “I need a pick-up at Tony’s place. The package needs to be dropped off in ‘Frisco.” He paused. “Lang.” Another pause and then a laugh. “You are entirely welcome, man.”
Peggy responded with a punch to his skull of silver and black and to Steve, she felt enraged. He pulled out of the interface, falling off the chair onto the ground, sucking at air as though he’d been trapped underwater for hours.
“We need to get on this right away.” Tony needed Steve not go to into full-on protective mode. “Trust me, we won’t do anything stupid.”
Amazingly, Bucky didn't call him on his bullshit. “Me too,” he admitted softly. “I mean, I've only known him for a short while, compared to you guys, but it feels like there's a hole in the world when he's not around, you know?”
He rubbed at his eyes. “I knew that Secretary Ross hated superhumans. What I didn’t know was just how much he hated and how far he was prepared to go.”
Tony choked on his own saliva. “Please god, don’t let her hear you say that,” he begged. “You’ll be a eunuch in a heartbeat.”
Steve screamed. He screamed and screamed until he lost his voice, and still, he couldn’t stop trying to scream.
“Well, fuck you all!” Tony’s voice had them all swinging around. He stood on the ledge he used to remove the Iron Man armor with his fists propped on his hips. “Ye of little fucking faith!”
“Better the devil you know, right?” Dean said, his eyes sparkling at the joke he’d obviously been dying to use.
Bucky didn’t look away from Steve’s face. “I’m fucking broken, Stevie.” His voice broke on a sob. “Such a fucking mess.”
Bucky shifted a little, took more of Tony’s weight and dropped an arm over his shoulders. Tony’s head slipped into the curve of Bucky’s neck, nose pressed against his skin. Steve could feel his body tensing.
She smacked the back of his head in return. “Don’t be an idiot. It was the precursor to a heart attack and I’d like you to take it seriously.”
,” Crowley said, making his way past several tables. Now that Tony knew what he was looking for, he could see the expressions of misery on the faces of the men being fondled by the women.
Tony nodded. “It’s why he came back. There was no way he was letting Ross have control of the Avengers. He knew what he was capable of.”
“I believe that Tony Stark may be onto something.” Loki’s smooth voice had them all squeak a little as he slipped through a wall into the laboratory. Steve glanced over at Bruce to make sure that no hint of green was showing.
One yelled out, “Mr. Stark! Mr. Stark! Our sources are telling us that this is another Mandarin attack. Anything else you can tell us?”
The closer he got to the trees, the more worried he became. Bruce had disappeared for a reason. A stupid, misguided reason, but a reason nevertheless. Who was he to try and force him back into the real world? Tony was a high-functioning alcoholic with daddy issues. What did he know about anything?
“Wasn’t going to let everyone else have fun without me,” Steve quipped, clearly trying to distract him. “Besides, Bucky and I owe you an apology.”
Tony puffed out a breath. “Nothing to apologize for, seriously.” Emotions made him squirrelly and Steve was emoting all over the place like crazy.
“I don’t understand,” Thor frowned. “Is this a Midgardian mode of transport that you have not told me about?”
Tony refocused. “Adding?” Because they had been talking about Steve and Tony up until now. And Steve and Bucky. Steve and Tony
Bucky watched Tony as he walked to the side of the bed. It was a little unnerving with Bucky’s eyes tracking him like prey. Okay, let’s be real, Tony thought, it was fucking hot the way Bucky looked at him.
“Yeah, Bruce is finished with whatever he and Vision were doing.” Tony tugged on a pair of loose cotton pants. “I’m up.”
“That’s who I am,” Bucky whispered, something terribly broken in his voice. “If I have the memories, then it’s me.”
“Please,” a girl begged. She looked about fifteen, being fucked by a man with obsidian skin and a woman with a monstrous strap-on. “Help me.”
“It shows up as slightly toxic but it doesn’t account for the reaction that Tony is having,” Bruce said with a frown.
And Clint was making like Fu-Manchu and refusing to answer anything until Thor got back. Pepper looked as though she wanted to throttle him. Steve had decided to leave that to Natasha at their next sparring session. Watching her beat the tar out of every person that took her on was inspirational.
“I’m not staying behind,” Bucky said, tone brooking no argument. “I’m here to make sure Tony stays safe.”
“I’m sorry.” Steve reached out with one hand, relieved when she took it. “We should have talked more before.”
Bruce turned to look at him from his crouch at Bucky’s side. “What I just did here was brain surgery, Steve. There was no incision and no blood, but there
Tony wondered who he’d pleased in a previous life. Here he was on a bed with two of the most glorious men in the entire world, and they were his for the taking.
“So my B.A.R.F. technology worked.” Tony felt strangely satisfied. And not a little bit smug. Shut up, he was allowed this.
Bruce flinched at the intensity of Loki’s gaze, but met his eyes anyway. “It was never mine to share.”
“I will go with the god.” Wanda’s words took them all aback. She’d been sitting so quietly that Tony had thought she’d fallen asleep.
“Come on, buddy, let’s put you in a shower and get you a little more sober to face Steve.” Bucky hauled him to his feet, protesting.
Laura stuck her tongue out at him and patted Steve’s arm on the way out. “Ooh,” she crooned. “Firm. I see why he wants to keep you.”
Steve wandered into the living area. Natasha and Clint were playing some sort of card game that involved knives and blood. He really didn’t want to go near that.
idea of Hell,” Tony said, staring at the sight in front of him. It looked like a giant stripper joint, full of gorgeous women giving men lap dances and swinging on poles in varying degrees of nakedness.
Steve’s shoulders were tense and he avoided her gaze. “He has chosen to step out of the Avengers Initiative and I respect his decision.” He sounded formal and stiff and he was lying through his teeth.
“Just find the goddam, fucking plane you two!” Steve shouted, ignoring Bucky's words. Natasha’s narrow-eyed glare told him that she hadn’t appreciated the noise in her ear.
Tony leaned against a large cauldron. His leg was cramping. He hadn’t had a chance to cool down after his workout with Rhodey. The cauldron provided a handy-dandy leaning post. “Did you
“Our friends are dueling,” Thor told Clint, wincing when Rhodey got a particularly effective blow in.
When he pulled back, Tony chased him with his mouth. “More,” he demanded. “Kisses make me sleepy.” It was worth a try, he thought.
Steve heard every word that Tony hadn’t said. He’d deserted his friend and left him to deal with a personal crisis on his own without even once calling to check up on him. Never mind that he hadn’t known about Tony and Pepper. That was no excuse.
“Steve, words don’t mean anything.” Tony didn’t sound angry, he just sounded tired. “It goes both ways, you know. Do you trust me to fix Barnes? Do you trust me not to strike out one day and kill him?”
Natasha smiled. “I think I’ll team you with Vision,” she said. Steve could actually see the evil glint in her eye. It was one of the many reasons she was the scariest of them all.
“And?” Rhodes said, looking just as disgustedly at Tony. “You two need to grow a pair. Have a proper bitch fight and get it out of your systems so that we can do our fucking job!”
I can only apologise profusely for this late post. I was on holiday...yay! And then a friend of 15 years died on Xmas day so there was nothing emotionally for me to spare.
“Ah, M-theory,” Tony mused. “How I have not missed you in the slightest.” He tapped his lower lip as he thought. “How many dimensions have you added?”
Steve folded his arms across his very fine chest. Tony was distracted for a moment. “You don’t let Wanda in, you don’t get us to help you.”
“Tell us then, Mr. Stark,” King T’Challa said. “Enlighten us.” His tone was almost a dare. Tony held back his smile. He’d given the king the questions, told him to trust his own judgment. They needed to guide this conversation in the direction that Tony wanted it to go.
“God, you’re both so fucking gorgeous,” Tony breathed, a hand on each of them. He watched them kiss each other.
“I’m a former assassin for a secret evil organization,” Bucky pointed out. “And Steve is a super solder who survived seventy years in the ice and is still the best person I know.”
“Not right now, Tony, okay?”  She looked exhausted, dark rings beneath her eyes and skin paler than normal, almost opaque in the light. “The last few weeks have been…” She sighed. “...challenging.”
Several of the flying stars coalesced and Tony gaped as something that looked remarkably like a computer started forming. The machine took shape, the pinpricks of light forming hard edges, keys, buttons and slots. “Is that…?”
Tony grinned. “Really? I didn’t know that.” He leaned back against the trunk of a large tree. “So anyway, things started changing for me. I found out that having the crazy in my house was actually a crap-load of fun most of the time, apart from pissing Bruce off, but that goes without saying.”
Tony sighed, letting Rhodey steer him into the living room and down onto a sofa. He slumped against him. “It was time,” he said.
Crowley’s gaze was a crimson consideration as he stared at Steve. “I would offer you half of my kingdom if you just promised to love me,” he said.
Lila shrieked at him, throwing herself at him and pandemonium reigned again as Laura and Vision tried to keep the children from tearing each other’s hair out.
“No can do, pal.” Tony held up the paper Steve had given him. “I’m here to read you a bedtime story.”
“Which one are you talking about?” Sam asked. “The childhood buddy or the guy you’re sort of in love with?”
Tony screamed as his heart split apart. Those last few atoms that held his life together exploded and he knew to the microsecond when he died.
The doors slid open and Phil Coulson walked in. “Director Fury says that trying to blackmail him will only end in misery.”
Tony traipsed down the path scattered with thousands of bright green four-leafed clovers and flat black and red spider cut-outs. Natasha really shouldn’t have trusted him with the décor. He was goddamn hilarious.
Tony’s shoulders slumped. Steve felt a little sorry for him. He’d grown up with Bucky’s sheer stubborn ass. Tony was just getting to know it.
Bucky and Steve exchanged a look. Again with the eyebrows. Tony was going to have to learn this language. “Are you sure?” Steve asked. “Bucky gets a little possessive.”
Maybe honesty would get him off Tony’s case. “I thought that Pepper deserved someone who loved her completely. That person wasn’t me.” He said it baldly, a half-truth that was designed to make Steve back away.
Clint was obviously struggling. What Sam and Dean had told them had shattered something inside him. He nodded, moving along on the sofa so that Coulson could sit beside him. Tony watched as Phil sat down, carefully aligning his thigh so that it was resting against Clint’s.
“Oh god,” Tony moaned. “This sounds like the start of a bad horror movie. I’m too young and beautiful to die.”
Today it was Steve; a chunk of his heart torn out that he hadn’t known had belonged to another person.
Tony shuddered. “Not likely,” he admitted. He’d been on a one-way path to self-destruction when Stane had altered his life forever. He rubbed absently at the scar on his chest that reminded him of just how much had changed.
Tension that hadn’t been visible seeped out of Loki’s shoulders. “I am glad.” He appeared briefly ashamed of his display of emotion.
“He’s still pissed at you,” Bucky told him, holding out a hand. “He’ll get it out of his system soon enough.”
“Wha’?” Tony asked, spinning around trying to see what Bucky was looking at. “Ish shumthin’ on my ash?” He wobbled a little and then righted himself. Alcohol was awesome for his coordination.
Steve didn’t move as he looked around the room, seeing the members of his team finally wound down. They all seemed to feel the need to stay together right now.
Rhodey spoke up. “I want to take these things off,” he said to Tony, motioning towards his braces. “I got a feeling I won’t be needing them anymore.”
“And giving Stark a reason to come back.” Steve realized just how dedicated Fury was to ensuring the success of the Avengers Initiative. He wouldn’t let anything derail his plans. He’d use any means necessary.
“This isn’t right,” Tony said, swallowing hard over the giant baseball that seemed lodged in his throat. “This is just not right.”
He ate the grapes, cut a hunk of cheese off the block and lay back on the bed, staring up at the ceiling as he chewed mechanically. Thank god his room was not in the immediate vicinity of Thor’s masterful display of dickheadedness.
Rhodes retreated from her with an aggrieved rub to his head. “Why do I always forget how mean you are?”
He propped his hands on his hips. “Will someone please tell me what the fucking problem is, so that I can get to work on solving it?”
“I swear to God, you’d better be sure, Tony.” He heard the desperation in his own voice. “I couldn’t handle losing Bucky again. I can’t imagine life without you. You’d better be fucking sure.”
Tony looked up from his bench, his goggles magnifying Steve’s face so that all he saw were those stupidly pretty blue eyes. “I’m not the boss of you,” he countered.
formed was difficult to dismiss. There was something that he’d have to put away, right at the back of his mind. Later.
“Perhaps.” Strange gave Steve a considering look. Then he turned his gaze to Tony. “Perhaps he would prefer to see the journey instead of just experience the arrival.”
Loki held up a hand. “I could fly someone to the Tower,” he offered, eyes twinkling at Bucky. “Perhaps your new friend.”
Tony nodded. “Have you heard of him?” Please God let him have heard of him and then perhaps there might be something a little less bonkers about this entire situation and it might not actually be a wish-fulfillment dream…
Bruce had the sense to look at least somewhat apologetic. “Sorry,” he said. “I know I’m in trouble when you call me by my title.”
He took a deep breath. “Steve and I had a chat outside. We are going to try to learn how to trust each other again. It sucks that we took sides, but at the end of the day, Fury created the Avengers to save the world. So, no matter how I feel about each of you personally, I will do my job.” He looked around the table. “Next?”
“I thought it was a smartass that I was supposed to avoid being,” Clint replied, a tiny smile on his face.
Everyone was on their feet about a moment later. “What’s going on?” Bruce asked, his cheek slightly creased from leaning against Natasha.
“Of course Tony sent me,” Natasha said. “Do you seriously think I would have been able to come up with that information on my own that quickly?”
Tony stood up, giving up even though it went against everything he was. “You know what? I’m not a masochist.” He activated the suit and felt the security of metal armor wrap around him.
Steve should've been happy with the praise. Tony rarely praised someone so highly. But there was this odd feeling in his chest that made this upsetting in some way that he didn't appreciate.
Tony stilled, his face going pale. He took a breath trying to shake off the sudden nervousness. He placed the bottle down on the counter and turned to face the team with a smile. "Well it seemed then that you'll be excited to drink with me to celebrate the retirement of Iron Man?" The other's stilled for a moment a shocked expression across their faces before that look of irritation was back. They weren't taking him seriously. They thought he was joking around again.
:"You must be pleased Nat since you were always trying to tear him down and chase him off, isn't that right?" Clint and Thor were the two who were really torn up about Tony's leaving. Besides Peter of course. "Always complaining about the way he did things. He could never meet the standards for miss high and mighty."  Clint flared his arms. "No matter how much he gave us none of it was good enough for any of you."
This was it. The final steps before he was back to being just Tony Stark. He would spend the last day cleaning up around the tower. Upgrading any tech to ensure that he wouldn't need to come back and upgrade any more tech.
Tony stepped back inside and Peter followed to take a seat with him at his desk. Peter glanced at the empty shot glasses before turning back to face Tony nervously. "Mr. Stark I wanted you to reconsider retiring. I know that you said that we'd be fine without you but I don't believe that."
Steve nodded not that the man could see. "I. . I understand. Thank you sir." But he didn't understand. Fire, chemicals? When had that ever stopped them before. Something was adding up. He unclenched his palms as he began to feel the sting of blood being drawn. His nails had dug into his palm and he was bleeding.
Tony gave a small smile. That's what the kid was so worried about asking him? He always liked Peter, he was a good kid. Both smart and brave. He had a bright future ahead of him and with his replacement leading he'd have the best chance of living through that future.
seemed to mess up the good things he was given in life. But this was the one thing he could save before it was damaged beyond repair.
He and Pepper had broken up months ago. He couldn't turn to Rhodeny right now as he was busy with military business and being the Iron Patriot. It was just him again. All alone. Being a billionaire and all had it's perks. But at the same time it essentially cursed you to live a lonely life.
"Tony what's going on?" Steve finally asked. Tony didn't know what exactly he was asking about so he didn't know how to answer. "I mean why the sudden retirement? Why pick me? Are you al-" Steve cut himself off.
Weeks had gone by then in turned into a month but still they heard nothing about Tony that wasn't from the news. Clint walked into the living room and groaned. "Why aren't we just calling to check on him." Clint was tired of everyone wanting to know how the genius was doing but not making a move to check on the man.
Back at the tower it all felt off. Steve was back but all he did was pace his room. Some were lounging around the living room meanwhile Tony had left his lab in the hands of Scott, Sam, and Peter. Natasha and Clint were in the training room. They were all going about their usual daily tasks and routines but it all felt out of place without Tony.
Tony hadn't talked to anyone as they all left him alone and watched from a distance per usual. he hadn't even talked to Pepper or Rhodeny to his own surprise. As for Steve? He and Steve hadn't talked since he quit the team. Last he heard from Nat he was now working as an agent for Fury. It seemed as though Tony was the only one the soldier didn't want to talk to.
"Steve. .? Steve!" He was shaken out of his daze when Hawkeye had placed a hand on his shoulder. He looked at him with this lost look on his face. "Cap. . I'm sorry. ." He shook his head looking down. He could hear Peter yelling and crying as Bruce tried to calm the boy. Falcon sat in shock and Steve. . he sat down and took them home.
"Two." He said. Bruce covered his other eye and asked the same thing, this time holding up 4 fingers. "Four."
So I had suggestions to do Bruce and some to do Nat and honestly, given that Bruce claims he can't physically get sexual, I thought he wouldn't have to go all the way if I put him here. Were in Nsfw territory now guys.
His mother made him macaroni and cheese. Something that wasn't going to be too heavy for his stomach. He ate it without a word then I took him to bed. But one thought was stuck in my mind. Where is his father?
I walked to school the next day, hoping to see Tony. Bucky told me that he was off today and so I had free range of who I wanted to talk to. Usually that meant that I hung out with Nat and Sam, but today I felt like seeing Tony. I wanted to make sure he was okay after yesterday. He rocked up to school in a red volkswagon and parked it. He drove it so beautifully. He stepped out wearing a red and yellow hoodie and sunglasses. I have a feeling he is going to be told off for wearing the sunglasses and his hood up though.
"You don't have to answer any of my questions, but Tony... Are you suicidal?" I took in a deep breath.
"Tony. You need to tell the police" Steve said to me. I shook my head. If I went to the police about this then I would he arrested. What I was doing wasn't exactly legal.
Pax grabbed Tony's hair and forced him to look up at him. His tentacle rubbed against his face and then slid around his neck, choking him slightly. More tentacles wrapped themselves around Tony's various body parts. He was completely at Pax's mercy now.
Tony was laid in the medical room. Staples in his head and a bandage wrapped around it. He was staring at the cieling until he heard the medical room door open. Then his eyes shot to it. Steve walked over to the man and smiled.
started to lick around the shaft of the rich avenger. It swirled around with such expertise and knowledge. Licking around the ballsac, up and down the shafted and around the tip. Tony out
So Romanoff caught me at Lunch time. I thought that was strange. I thought she had bunked off with Tony. Apparently she was back now. Anyway. She handed me a bit of paper. I'm not smart enough to figure out cryptic messages like this though.
"Is that fishy as in suspicious or fishy as in like the creature? You midgardians have such funny terms." Hulk looked at Thor for a second and then ran out the room. Something was wrong and he knew it.
Bruce took Tony to his limits when he started to deep throat. He rubbed vigorously all the bits his couldn't fit into his mouth. The billionaire was at his edge. And then he went off, filling the other's mouth with his warm seed. Bruce pulled off and swallowed. He looked
Pax let out a bit of a roar. Suckers came out of his tentacles and were doing what they did best. Tony looked over to his team mates. He felt so wrong but it felt so nice. A tentacle entered his mouth and almost choked him. He was completely Pax's bitch right now.
"Where are we going?" He asked Nat, who was leading him somewhere, but not saying where they were going.
"Well, we have to stop that happening." Steve said. They suited up with whatever weapons they could find around. They had never fought a member of the Jagkar before, so they didn't know what to expect.
"Yeah no S***. Ive never been able to look after myself, thats why I had Pepper and Happy employed to begin with."
"That boy isn't with you again is he?" She asked. I shook my head and she hugged me. Her hands stroked my head and back as she held me.
When I got there, he was working. He had a little assistance though. A robot was passing him tools. It was pretty cool. It moved around really well.
Nobody came. Tony had to calm down on his own. He wasn't in Afghanistan any longer. He didn't need to worry. Afghanistan was in the past. He stood up and left the bathroom. He felt uncomfortable, but no one was around. Steve wasn't even around, and that's what hurt him most because he needed Cap to be here right now.
Nat could guess how he got that mark, but no one else was in the room where it happened, so she could only guess.
"Friday, call Pepper." Steve said. Suddenly Tony didn't want to be near Steve. He was going to make him talk to Pepper. Pepper hated him, she was nasty to him over what happened in their relationship. And it's not like he even did anything wrong. He didn't cheat on her or anything like that. Honestly, she left because he was having nightmares and waking her up every night. It was making her grouchy and snappy. And eventually, neither of them could take it anymore and they had a fight. Years of dating went down the toilet because Tony has nightmares. Luckily for Tony, Steve took him in and fixed him up. That's how he ended up dating the super soldier.
"I'll pay you double." That didn't mean I was okay with it. I had never been with more than one person at a time. I didn't like this.
Steve had rushed to Tony, who had curled up on the floor while rememberig the events which had turned him into a superhero. The soldier stroked the billionaires hair.
gone to sleep. Cap sent out a memo to the other avengers, telling them to meet him in the kitchen for an emergancy team meeting. Everyone was there already when Steve walked in.
. That's usually what set Tony off, and this was in front of the board of directive and mr perfect- aka Steve. Tony tried his hardest to control his breathing, but when he couldn't he rushed out of the room.
The lights went off and so Hulk stopped chasing Clint. He started to sniff up and Clint could just tell something was going on.
"What?" Clint asked. He ran after him "Hey wait up. What smells funny?" Hulk jumped over the banister for the stairs and started to fall to the bottom. Clint sighed. There was no way he was going to do that, but he was on the 108th floor. He started to run down the stairs as quick as he could, but there was so many stairs.
hated the know-it-all. Not as much as Reed Richards, but close enough. “Why don’t you enlighten us then, Doctor?” He used the title like an insult.
“You can help me by leaving me alone.” This was the Tony that Steve had met years ago on the Helicarrier. Biting and defensive and sarcastic.
Tony flipped him off because of the three of his odd travel buddies, he was least afraid of Strange. “I talk to the treeeeeeeees,” he sang beneath his breath, “But they don’t listen to meeeeeee.” He heard Strange’s muffled laugh.
“Or we could hand it over to the new S.H.I.E.L.D. honchos and let them deal with it,” Tony suggested.
Steve held up his hands. “No!” He took a deep breath. “Everything is okay; I just needed to get away from the crazy people for a bit.”
“But you let her stay with us, you never said anything.” Natasha sounded as though she was getting angry.
“I know Barnes isn’t responsible for the things he did as the Winter Sol…” Tony began with hot anger in his voice.
“Firstly, that’s a big, fat lie,” Tony told him. “You’d be all sad-eyed Capsicle and his miserable one-armed mercenary.” He heard Bucky stifle a laugh. “Secondly, I’d be an utter moron to say no, and we all know that I’m no moron.”
Coulson just made a silent throat-slitting motion that was terrifying. Tony lifted a hand to his own neck. Clint subsided with a grumble.
Thor nodded. “There are many more important things to be concerned over than the fate of my brother. The god of mischief is not a favorite of Midgard.”
Tony took his position in front of the General Assembly. He was tempted to make a quip, say something Tony-esque, but this was too important to trivialize.
“There was a pretty bad guy who wanted to kill half the people in the universe,” Tony said. “Vision sacrificed the Mind Stone so that he couldn’t.”
Atlantis cooed as Steve said down in the control chair. She latched onto his beautiful genes with greed, hurling her adoration at him.
“I’m working on it,” Tony assured them, the tiny spark of hope in their eyes more than he could deal with right now. “I need you and Thor to corral Barton and bring him home.” He met Natasha’s gaze. “He’s out of control.”
Tony flinched. “Seriously, you’re really not using the StarkReader?” Perfecting the reader had been tough but in the future it was….and the memory slipped through his mind like water.
The way the Winchesters fought though was apparent that their battles were something else, something more than anything his team had faced.
Loki’s eyes met his. “You wish to bed me?” he asked. Rhodey started coughing and Sam helpfully smacked him on the back. “I was not aware that you were a lover of men as well as women.” He glanced over to where Pepper and Laura stood. “You are no longer the consort of the lady of the flame-colored hair?”
Coulson pursed his lips. “That would be….unfortunate,” he said. “Director Fury needs to know about this.” He dug a phone out of his pocket and pressed a button. He stood up, walking away from them as he rattled off a code that Tony struggled to hear.
“No.” Steve stood, folding his arms across his chest, trying his best to appear intimidating to an alien god. “That’s not how this team does things.” He glared a little at Thor. “And
Tony met his gaze. “Could be your story is not so crazy. Maybe,” he hedged. “Ross has no idea I'm here. I'd like to keep it that way. Otherwise, I’ve got to arrest myself.” He tried a little grin, but it felt wrong on his face. Smiling had no place in this fortress of horror.
“It did,” Tony said, watching as his own image appeared in the projection. “I made a few adjustments.”
Clint didn’t turn at the sound of the sliding door opening and closing. “They all in there worrying about me?” he asked, his back still to Tony.
“Despite that, he saved us,” Wanda said, that red-tinged gaze on Steve. “Knowing that we had abandoned him, he still tried to help us.”
“Also, Thor Odinson provided the team with something called mead,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. tattled. “Everyone was exceedingly inebriated.”
Steve hated this part. Hated watching Tony gasp for air as he scrambled to restart his life every time he took the reactor out. He passed Tony the orb, the weight belying the importance of the object within. Tony slotted it into the space left by the arc reactor, it slid in as though made for that spot, and the room filled with a loud hum.
“Loki has been impersonating my father.” Thor leaned back against the sofa cushions with a groan. “Nobody realized this until I went home to visit after our last adventure together.”
, but got a poke in his shoulder from Rhodey when he opened his mouth to speak. His team were all spoilsports.
Thor turned to look at Tony, his eyes still a little tragic. “I am a most discourteous friend,” he told Tony. “How can I correct my grievous error?”
Tony blinked. Steve and Bucky were still staring at him. “You said something about two years in the past,” Steve said.
And then she began to put him back together. Slowly. Carefully. Precisely. Parts of stars and bits of planets slid together as Atlantis created a heart for him.
“He was busy trying to rescue his company after the events of Sokovia and Ultron,” Rhodes said, not bothering to turn again. “Pepper and he were breaking up, and Ross was already on his case about managing the Avengers. There was no way he was going to stay there with that much public scrutiny on him.”
“I’m not sure I understand your meaning,” Thor said. Loki sauntered over to where Bucky was leaning against the bar counter, propping his chin on his fist as he smiled at him. Steve decided that Bucky was a big boy and could take care of himself.
Thor walked over to Carol. He held his hand up, and caught Stormbreaker as it flew over to him, missing Carol by inches.
“And we have the Mind Stone,” Vision reminded them with a little poke to the yellow gem on his forehead. Tony had to grit his teeth at the sweater vest combo he was wearing because fucking Steve Rogers infected everything.
“There.” Strange spoke from behind Tony, his voice echoing between the glassy cliffs of the abyss. Tony followed the direction of Strange's finger.
He stepped through the hole in space, appearing a moment later on the other side. Bucky hastened after him with Clint and Natasha following. Sam was the next through, Dean behind him.
A large mug of steaming brain juice was pressed into his hands. “You’re embarrassing yourself,” Dean told him. “
Steve rubbed a hand over his face. “We can’t keep eyes on him every second,” he said. He didn’t sound convinced.
The familiar whoosh of the gate caused Pepper to look up. Clint was the first one through, bow extended in front of him as though he was expecting an enemy. To be fair, that was Clint’s default opinion of the world in general so Pepper tried not to be offended.
“Public pressure?” Xavier’s tone was dry. “You mean you’re only too happy to listen to the few voices of dissent among the millions of grateful.” Tony had always liked Charles.
She hugged him back with a laugh. “The new Quinjets are amazing,” she said. “Tell Tony that, as always, he’s my favorite.”
Steve, Rhodey and Bucky were all shouting at Strange while Tony’s eyes remained fixed on the amulet. He was aware of them at the edge of his vision. Their protests meant little.
“We may not be buddies, but damn if that isn’t one of the coolest things I’ve ever seen,” he told him.
“Hey.” Tony gave a little wave and looked up. And up. And up. “Wow. You’re a lot bigger than I expected.” Brain to mouth filter was clearly disengaged.
Tony wasn’t looking at his eyes though. He was looking down Steve’s chest as the water trailed lovingly across the perfection of his skin. “Uh…” he agreed.
represent?” Tony asked. He watched the micro-expressions crossing her face and decided that she was the one he needed to convince.
Later, when asked, Tony couldn’t say exactly what happened. Couldn't describe the sounds, the sights, the feelings as the Mind Stone shattered. He only remembered the feeling of the earth lurching beneath his body as Steve protected him. The cold of Vision’s skin as Tony lay over his body. The shriek of a dying star as the shards of the Mind Stone detonated. The scent of lightning settling like a blanket, the sweet, metallic pungency surrounding them all.
Dean ran a hand across the bonnet, up the windscreen and patted the top of the car above the driver’s door. “She’s saved us more times than I can count.”
“You don’t think we do?” Rhodes asked, leaning against a counter, the hydraulics of his leg braces almost silent. It still made Steve’s stomach churn in guilt.
Tony snorted. “I think I did more than hint, Bucky. What Wanda shared with me was a future where you and I and Steve were involved in a mutually satisfying relationship. Together.” He was still trying to wrap his head around that.
“You’re a real fun dude to be around these days, big guy,” Rhodes told him. “I feel like I’m going to burst into tears every time you start talking.”
Loki nodded. “It would have to be removed from its host though.” Loki said it as though removing Vision’s power source was the easiest thing.
Thor followed him with a bounce in his step. “Some physical exercise is just the thing,” he declared, almost flattening Steve with a clap on his back.
Thor returns...with a guest. The news isn't good. Coulson returns...with a guest. Tony isn't happy. And then the shit really hits the fan.
Thor and Loki were at Tony’s heels. “Is that the Aether that you speak of?” Loki asked. “We made sure that it was contained.”
“What is going on out here?” Pepper stood at the entrance to the living room with her hands on her hips. “Why are you here on a school night, Peter?”
like kissing Bucky, Tony thought a little hazily. Kissing Buck was a carnival ride, all flash and heat and excitement. Kissing Steve was a midnight swim, smooth and soft and overwhelming.
“Dollar. Right.” He grinned. “Hasta la vista, baby.” He practically skipped out the door and was delighted to see the scooter intact.
“Sounds hopeful,” Tony mused. “I guess it’s the end of all things right now as Armageddon has already happened. It’s not like lightning will strike us if we don’t stick to our promises.” He held out a hand. “I need you to haul me back if I go too far,” he said, voice serious. “My brain sometimes works faster than my mouth and I say things I don’t mean.”
mature bone in his body. “You want me to join you and Bucky in a relationship that would involve the three of us. Together. As a threesome. Together?” Saying it out loud made it even less believable.
“Let me help you wash it clean then,” Steve begged. “That's all I want, Buck. I don't care in what capacity. Just give me a chance to be part of your life again.”
There was a story there, Tony thought. When Sam lifted his head, the misery in them made Tony feel light-headed. “He’s a bad guy,” Sam said with what was clearly understatement. “But Dean and I, that’s what we do. We take care of demons.”
Tony flipped him off. “On a scale of one to Lady Godiva, how much damage have I done?” he asked Pepper.
A little shorter than normal but the action will continue next chapter. There were a few talks that had to happen first - this is the last of them.
“That is not my place to say.” Vision closed his eyes and leaned back, clearly done with the subject.
Wanda floated into the room from the balcony, Vision right behind her. “I wish to eat,” she announced.
Steve held out a hand. “Tony, you’re having an anxiety attack. Calm down.”  That steady tone should have been enough to bring Tony out of the terror spiral, but this wasn’t
He grabbed the cup that eased out of the belly of his favorite beast, breathing in the life-giving fumes. “Ah, hot, black caffeine, how I love you.”
“Pep,” Tony said, grabbing onto her hand. “Let Natasha in. She went to them because I asked her to. I’m not happy that she stayed, but she couldn’t exactly come back once she was declared a fugitive. She’s the only one of them that I even remotely trust.”
Steve stood staring out at the city. The balcony was warm with late afternoon sunlight and he saw Central Park in the distance, a green snake curled around the heart of New York.
From then it was fighting and shouting and shooting until eventually Ultron was punched off the flying chunk of humanity that had been sliced out of the earth. Tony’s mind worked feverishly. This was bad. This was very bad in every way.
“The Accords would have happened, regardless of what you did, Tony.” Rhodey stared at Steve. “No matter who agreed or didn’t agree to sign them.”
“Heil Hydra,” Clint whispered. “That’s what he told me when he called me so that I could listen to my family’s execution.”
Tony shook his head. “Believe me, if I thought there was any other way, I’d take it.” He made a move towards Ross, noting the recoil away from him. “What’s it going to be, Mr. Secretary?”
Then Tony met Sam’s gaze. “Oh my god,” he said. “Those eyes should be declared lethal weapons!” Sam’s slow smile was a revelation. Suddenly everything Carver Edlund had written made sense.
A hiss to Tony’s left had them all spinning. All except for Sam and Dean who, almost in sync, turned the other way. Tony followed
Vision still watched Steve. “Mr. Stark said, and I quote: “That fucking piece of vibranium has taken more from me than anything else ever has. I never want to see it again. You may as well give it back to the bastard.”.” Vision’s words, repeated in an exact replica of Tony’s voice hurt Steve in a way that felt like a small death.
It was humiliating to think about just how much those words had hurt. How much Steve’s betrayal had hurt. Not even Pepper ending their relationship had done as much harm as that moment when Steve had smashed the shield into his arc reactor.
Tony held out a hand. “Sorry,” he apologized, dragging Bucky closer. “War is often harder for those left behind.” He lifted his gaze to Steve. “Right, Cap?”
Tony hadn’t wanted any of them to know about this. He met Coulson’s level gaze. The slight nod gave him the impetus to get it out. “The Superhuman Registration Act is meant to name and number all superhumans on the planet so that the governments know where they are at all times.”
Tony gave a groan and then pushed back. “Oh my god, we are such a fucking cliché,” he moaned, launching himself back into Steve’s arms, hitching his legs around Steve’s waist.
Tony brought his hands up to rub slow circles across Bucky’s back. “I noticed.” He tugged at Bucky’s hair. “You’ve not had a lot of tenderness in your life, have you, sweetheart?”
Crowley indicated his immaculate suit. “Does this look like an outfit to wear in the Bog of Eternal Stench?” He clearly expected an answer.
“So, fuck me then,” Tony offered. He suddenly understood. Of everything that had been taken away from him, lack of control was the worst of it. Bucky needed to be given control again.
Tony saw the flash of crimson that coated Crowley’s eyes. He had a bad feeling that getting out of Hell was going to be a fuckton harder than getting in had been.
Bucky shook his head. His hair tickled Tony’s nose, and he blew it out of his face. “It’s not the same.”
Dean flung his arms out. “See!” Tony wasn’t sure who he was talking to. “I keep saying that and those stupid fangirls of that stupid dickhead, Edlund, keep frothing about them.”
Tony opened his eyes and looked up at Steve. “You fuck up again, I won’t let you back in.” It was a warning, a truth, a red line.
“What caused the panic attack?” Bruce met his gaze as he forced Tony to go back to the original problem. “I know that Wanda must have shown you something that set you off.”
“You’ve been awake for almost forty-eight hours, boss, you should really close your eyes.” F.R.I.D.A.Y. was a darling but closing his eyes had him seeing the shield flashing down against the arc reactor again and again. It wasn’t exactly conducive to sleep.
“Lila Barton, that is about the rudest thing I’ve ever heard you say!” Laura’s hands were propped on her hips. “Now you apologize immediately!”
“Personally, he’s irresponsible and impetuous.” Tony opened his mouth to protest, and Coulson held his hand up. “But professionally, he will do everything in his power to ensure that you all return home alive.” He met Tony’s gaze. “If Dr. Banner cannot be there then Tony is the best alternative.”
“Rhodey’s being mean to me, Pep.” Tony wasn’t above cheating. “Plus, he’s just confessed his love for you and we decided to work out who gets you by settling it like men.”
And Steve. Steve remained slumped against the wall, watching every move that Bruce made, every twitch of Tony’s muscles, every deep breath he sucked in. It was incredibly weird, but also intimate. Steve’s eyes never left Tony. He kept his gaze scanning up and down the length of Tony’s body like a constant conveyer belt of assurance.
Pepper walked over to Rhodey and pecked him on the lips. “This is what you’ve spent the afternoon doing?”
“It would seem that several of the Infinity Stones have gone…missing.” Thor shifted from foot to foot. Tony hadn’t ever seen him appear so nervous.
Of course it was Bucky who put the thing together, who cleverly joined the dots. “You’ve got feelings for someone else.”
Tony wanted to howl, but the dark rings under Clint’s eyes stopped him. “Rhodey is so pissed,” he said. “I’ve had about a million texts telling me how difficult the President is being.”
“Submissive,” Tony explained. “They used him in more ways than just as an assassin.” He met Steve’s eyes, expression like stone.
Steve’s first thought was Bruce. The Hulk never responded well to threats, whether perceived as direct or indirect. He spun to look over to where Bruce had been. Natasha was sprawled over him, hands on his face and kissing him.
“This little excursion wouldn’t have anything to do with his newest house-guest, would it?” Fury sounded smug.
She pulled him close, whispered in his ear. “Hold on to me, Tony Stark. I fear that this will cause you much pain.”
“My Jane is the most noble of all womankind!” Thor boomed, eager to extol the virtues of his lady-love.
“From the future, remember?” he snarled. She recorded every conversation in the tower, apart from in the suites, so Tony knew that she knew.
Bucky shook his head. “I’m messed up, Stevie. The Asset is still in my head and I don’t get to make choices for anyone here. I ran with you because I had nowhere else to go.”
Tony gave an exceptionally inelegant snort. “News at Ten, J. Steve Rogers is a hot piece of ass and I'd have to be dead not appreciate him. I’ve wanted to ride him like a pony since about two seconds after I saw him.”
She hugged him back. “Tony, it’s so good to see you.” She smiled at the rest of the team. “All of you.” Her sharp gaze settled on the Winchesters. “You, I don’t know.”
“You are asleep, near death. And I am here to guide you home.” Her eyes were same as the skies, starry eternity in their depths.
Tony got a little dizzy as the stairs spiraled down. “He knows we’re coming?” He didn’t turn around to glare at Strange, but he thought it hard. “How?”
“Nope.” Tony started pulling at the sensors and needles attached to various parts of his body. “Whatever Vision can’t find, J.A.R.V.I.S. will.” He ignored the increased alarms going off.
Tony’s grin was manic. “And you look lovely, m’dear,” he assured her as he sliced off one of his challenger’s legs.
“How much do you know about him, apart from the fact that he’s pretty?” Pepper asked, mouth going thin and scary.
“What the fuck ever.” Rhodey waved it away for the lie it was. “Whose ass am I going to have to beat up to get the truth out of you fuckers.”
“Or you let me help you,” Peggy said. “The mortals do not know that I can use pieces of myself to heal you. Your heart is broken, Tony.”
Steve took a step towards Tony. “All I’m asking is that you give me a chance to regain your trust.” He watched the emotions roiling in Tony’s eyes. “I’m not insisting on forgiveness. I wouldn’t dream of it. But please, let me try to earn your friendship again.”
Steve didn’t think he could feel any worse. Apparently he could. “Natasha has been working with your scientists. Bucky has been conscious for about half an hour at a time twice now, and the B.A.R.F. technology has maintained control both times.”
Tony felt a little twist in his stomach. He had a feeling that the next part of the story wasn’t going to be pretty.
“You do realize that I’m not going to let you bind me for another thousand years without a fight, don’t you?” Lucifer’s eyes blazed. “My time of retribution is too near to allow you to jeopardize it.”
“Meep.” Tony decided that crawling into a six foot deep hole and then covering himself with the dirt was a fabulous idea.
Bruce shrugged. “I’m not.” Then he grinned, a big, beautiful, real-as-shit smile that Tony hadn’t seen in forever. “But I have eyes.”
Soooo this is going much faster than I expected. Apparently my muse is impatient. Thanks for the kudos & comments - all are appreciated & encouraging.
So, anyone who's read anything I've written knows how much I adore Supernatural. The way this story s heading seems like a perfect fit for my boys....
He held Tony in his arms like something precious, something to be treasured. Tony dug a hand into Bucky’s hair, rolling his hips a little. Letting him know that he wouldn’t break. Bucky moaned into his mouth, kissed him with a little less finesse, a little more desperation.
Strange sauntered over to where Tony was standing. “It seems you have a flair for making friends wherever you go, Tony.” It didn’t sound like a compliment.
“I’ve managed to get a visual on the individual who was attacking the Captain on Helicarrier Charlie, but I’m not entirely sure my systems are working correctly.”
“As far as we know he is nowhere in this solar system,” Strange agreed. “What are you thinking, Captain?”
Steve barely refrained from rolling his eyes. “I’m saying that my mind and body aren’t two separate things, you asshole. I’m saying that if I sleep with you, I’m going to fall in love with you.”
“I know,” Tony said. “But I didn’t want it to get any bigger than it was. I thought I’d managed to cut off the head.” He winced. “That sounded way too much like Hydra.”
Bucky’s smile was warm. “A lady like Miss Potts deserves a pair for every day of the year, at least.”
“He was reacting emotionally and in anger because he just found out that his parents had been murdered by the Winter Soldier.” Natasha’s harsh words fell into the sudden silence.
Xavier clasped his hands. “I’ve known you for most of your life, Tony,” he mused. “And while you’ve been wild, you’ve never been dishonest.”
Clint grabbed his hand and pulled him in close for a hug. “Asshole, why have you been such a stranger?”
They'd finally landed on the beach of one of the small islands. Clint had flat-out demanded some rest. Steve hadn't been in a position to argue. They'd been going flat-out for hours.
“He’s messing with you, Viz,” Tony assured him, pushing the kitchen door open. Laura looked up at once, her eyes wide.
“It is the future,” Wanda averred. “If you let it be.” She covered Tony’s hands with her own, and he couldn’t quite control the recoil. “I promise that if you let them love you, they will complete you.”
“Pfft” Tony shrugged. “Another day, another murder threat from Captain America.” He grinned at Bucky. “It's amazing what sort of things you get used to. It's kinda comforting, you know?”
Bruce trailed into the kitchen, glasses slightly askew. “So this is where everyone is.” He pulled up a chair and sat down next to Natasha. “Vision and Wanda are creeping me out. They’re staring into each other’s eyes and I’m almost sure they’re talking via mental telepathy. Sam and Rhodey are currently comparing actual war stories.” He grimaced. “I got worried that they were going to start sharing their scars.”
Shame swept through Steve and he looked down at the drive in his hands. “Yes,” he whispered. “Yes, he is.”
“What would that have helped?” she asked with a shrug. “He won’t trust me again.” The sheen in her eyes belied her casual calm.
Tony yelled a little as he bounced on Bucky's shoulder. Then he realized that he had an incredible view of an incredible ass. So he amused himself with playing the drums against said ass as Bucky hauled him into the elevator.
“You’re getting on my last nerve, Nat,” Tony said, but there was a sparkle in his eyes that had been missing for months.
“Well, that makes me believe all the stories about your genius,” Natasha said, finally dropping her hand. Her mouth curved again. “We have reservations,” she told Bruce.
Bucky’s eyes snapped open. “What!” He struggled to sit up, and both Steve and Tony helped him to his feet.
He started laughing then. If Tony had been here, it would have been a disaster. Thank god for small mercies.
“No mortal can fight the power of Set,” Wanda told him. “I suggest that you grind it to dust and scatter it to the four corners of the earth.”
He waited for the chatter to die down again. “Thaddeus Ross was the one who helped create the Hulk, the Abomination and he would have carried on experimenting on superhumans until he had a viable sample to create his perfect super soldier.”
* Pep’s suit blazer looks like this: http://www.ebay.com/itm/290933324245?_trksid=p2055119.m1438.l2649&ssPageName=STRK%3AMEBIDX%3AIT  (Yeah… I totally want this for me too.  :-p  )
“That’s good.  Good boy,” Tony murmured.  “Ready for more?”  Steve gave a jerky nod and Tony kissed his forehead again.  “I brought you a glass of water. I’m going to tip the cup to your lips and I want you to take some, just a tiny bit, then hold it in your mouth.  Don’t swallow.  Just let a little trickle down your throat.  Focus on that feeling, relaxing your throat, staying open.”
“By definition, right?” Tony rolled his eyes and continued past him. “Well, keep your cool.  I’m getting close enough, not ‘too close’.”
As he plucked another beer from the fridge, Tony thought of the warmth of Steve’s leg pressed against his cheek, the satisfying weight of Steve’s hand in his hair, stroking his neck. Tony felt the first tingling of a blush on his cheeks. (The others would see . . .) He bit his lip. (He’d already knelt with Pepper!) Tony grabbed an extra slice of pizza and sauntered to the living room.
Steve came hard into his hand, shuddering and panting with the force of it. He let the fake cock fall from his mouth and leaned shivering against the bed, still rocking with the aftershocks and panting.
spoilerish warnings (copy and paste at rot13.com) : Gbal qbrfa'g xabj gung Fgrir'f pbafrag vf yrff guna jubyrurnegrq; Fgrir'f pbafrag unf orra fbzrjung pbreprq naq znavchyngrq (abg ol Gbal), gubhtu ur uvzfrys vafvfgf ur'f univat frk bs uvf bja serr jvyy; nyfb noyrvfg zragvbaf bs vasregvyvgl; zvfhaqrefgnaqvat gung znxrf Fgrir srry rafynirq, gubhtu ur vfa'g.
“I am,” she said simply. She turned to Tony. “I brought my pastry cutter and all the other essentials for pie with me this time, but please tell me you remembered to buy butter.”
Tony had expected Clint to call him a jerk or laugh or somehow know it was a gag—his polite disappointment made Tony’s stomach twist. As if Clint didn’t expect Tony to remember that he’d collected
On a cold, wet day in late November, Stark had showed them all to their suites and then to the common areas that he’d designed for them to share— the patio on the roof, the huge kitchen, the (of course) lavish bar, the vast living room.  And, sure, the furniture was a little weird looking and  a little cold, like so many of the sleek new things around him, but Steve felt pretty sure he could get used to it.  So, that first morning in the Tower, Steve came up to eat breakfast with the others.  Nobody was there.  He read the paper in a huge leather armchair.  Nobody came up.  Eventually, he went for a run and then retreated to his own far too large, far too lavish suite.  That evening he went back to the common room to read yet another history book.  Nobody was there.  He tried again the next day.  Nobody was there.
“Thanks.  They—Some of what they said made me pretty mad.”  Bruce grimaced.  “Do you ever get the feeling they enjoy playing with fire around here?”
As they emerged from the limousine, Tony braced himself for the press and photographers and the inevitable, “How does it feel to be back at the Pierre?”
Rogers was standing awkwardly immobile while a trio of subs in miniscule dresses were entreating him towards the dance floor. Rogers looked apologetic and polite, but something about the lines of his shoulders and slightly pinched look at the corner of his eyes, told Tony there was a lot more misery and panic under that expression than Rogers wanted to show. Tony was tempted to go rescue him—Rhodey’s words lingering in his mind—but then he saw Natasha approaching Rogers with purpose and Belford approaching him with his drink.
“Oh God,” Bruce murmured. He was looking a little green and backing away from the battle when Tony snatched him up one-armed, pulling the doctor close to his chest.
Clint ordered a pitcher of beer and Rosie departed with a nod. (It was nice to have someone who wasn’t overly excited to see the Avengers.) They poured over the menus.
Steve shivered and took a rough breath. He laid, curled around Tony, with his face pressed to Tony’s neck for a few lingering minutes. When at last he drew back, Tony thought his eyes looked a little wet.
Clint nodded. “Yeah. Maybe Wednesday? He’s been busy with something.” He shrugged again, but was frowning a little now too.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Steve sat blankly, waiting for Phillips to continue; Phillips eyes flicked up and down Steve's body.
“Good!” Tony said with a grin. “Did a little fine tuning on your uniform and the Security Blanket’s done! Training robots are packed and ready to load on the Quinjet. All that’s left is packing my suitcase, so I was coming to the gym for a break—lift some weights, use the treadmill.” Tony placed a hand on Steve’s chest and tilted his head down as he added in a low voice, thick with innuendo, “But maybe you could give me a workout instead.”
“Good!”  Steve’s expression brightened, then he looked a little sheepish, “Though, uh, the ceiling in the gym was a little low for what we were working on.  We got a pretty high launch going.  I think we might need to work outside next time.”
Stark's laugh turned into a wet, unpleasant cough. Potts glanced up and saw Steve hovering. His cheeks heated.
Slowly, Tony eased his fingers out of Steve’s hole and looked up at him.  Steve’s body had gone lax, as though he were melting down into the bed.  His lips were parted and his wide eyes were staring at the ceiling—he looked a little dazed.  He was probably still under.
“Thank you for the presentation, Ms. Carmichael,” Cap said politely. “You’ve given us a great deal to discuss before the follow-up meeting.”
A recording played from the ceiling, Tony’s own voice: “Forget the email, JARVIS. We’re gonna surprise Pep! Top Secret! ‘Surprise Party Protocol 10’ levels of surprise.”
As a former service member, I find it very troubling that one of my greatest heroes is now dating a vulnerable subordinate while acting as Commanding Officer. Situations like that are ripe for structural abuse.
“Hey, Katie?” Tony interrupted, suddenly distracted once more. She nodded again, impatiently. “I, uh—“ Tony hesitated, “on the casualty list, there was a Jennifer Winters. She wasn’t, uh--?”
Jerry said it slowly, like the Captain was a bit dim. Another agent vacated their table, fleeing the projected blast radius.
Tony nodded with satisfaction.  Just for fun, he had the schematics for every single hypo up in a glowing screen so he could watch all the beautiful calculations scrolling by.  There were twenty four shiny variations on portal closure devices lined up on his work desk.  (He figured he might need six, so he doubled it then doubled it again for good measure.)
(“Fuck!  You like that, bitch?  Yeah, I bet you do.  That hard enough for you?  Smile for the camera, baby. Hey, James, take his mouth. Really choke him on it.  See?  He likes that.”)
He got turned around on the way to the conference room, but he’d be damned if he’d ask for directions. As he strode down the halls, virtually breathing fire, a few agents hopped nervously out of his way.  It was a satisfying sight and helped to calm his rage.  (A little.  Sort of.)
Tony’s hands were warm as he cupped Steve’s face, looking at him with great concentration.  Steve pressed his cheek against Tony’s palm.  Having his hands bound behind him back made him feel vulnerable and off balance (but I could break the cords easily, so why is that?)--  Tony grounded him and he just wanted to nuzzle the man’s hand, lick and kiss him.
It was true what they said: “eavesdroppers seldom hear anything good of themselves.” He wanted to go yell at Pepper Potts that he was a hell of a lot better for Tony than she'd been in the end, but he knew that wasn't really fair and, besides, he wasn't supposed to know that she felt that way. She certainly wouldn't have told him.
Tony rolled his eyes. When he stepped out of the elevator on the common floor, Steve was sitting at the dining room table with his laptop (a sleek StarkPro, thank god), a tidy stack of papers, and a large glass of milk. (Seriously? He actually drinks milk?) Tony watched as Steve held up a piece of paper, tapped the computer, and smiled, making a thumbs up. Bing-bing-BING: snap.
Rhodey snorted. “Oh, she mighta done that thing I hate where she calls and says, ‘so, have you talked to Tony lately?’ and when I say it’s been, like, a week she’s all ‘okay, nevermind, talk to you later!’ making it damn clear that she was only calling to talk about
“Mmmm,” Tony muttered with a nod, relaxing a little more, and Steve felt a wave of pleasure, something at once tender and possessive. They'd never actually had a bath together. Shower, yes-- they'd kissed against the tiled wall, pulling each other's cocks roughly until they came, panting, and let the hot water wash the mess down the drain-- but this . . . This was different.
When the doors opened, Tony was surprised to find the lights on and the gym in use. There was a muffled thud-thud-thud noise. Rogers. Tony paused—he could go. Rogers hadn’t seen him. He could get back on the elevator and go straight to bed.
Apparently my solution to massive, hideous writer's block about the Press Conference was to shove it into the next chapter... (But at least now I have a plan!  It's progress, friends.)
“I’m sorry, Bruce,” Steve said with an apologetic smile. “We’re scheduled for training at Tony’s ranch in January though. We’ll get you more involved then.”
“Of course,” Bruce agreed.  (Exactly.  See?  No shame.)  Bruce took the lentils out and poked them with his finger before putting them in for a few more minutes.
-- you were--”  Steve’s throat closed.  The well had run dry, but a glance at Tony made it clear he didn’t need to say another word.
It was nice to have these little connections to everyday people, people who weren’t agents or superspies or super-geniuses. Sometimes, it still made Steve feel a little melancholy—all these people and their families—but on days like today it reminded him that people in the twenty-first century weren’t so different and he was honored to serve them.
follow the “can’t say something nice, don’t say anything at all” rule. I know some authors solicit both positive and negative feedback, but I’m going through a rough time—particularly related to gender things which this story explores-- so in this mental state, I’d like know that this is reliably a safe space.  Thank you. I really don’t mean for this request to shut down musings, conversations, curiosity, or anything else.  I love that!  It makes my day!  Also, I mean, this IS an AU and fiction-- I'm not claiming to represent reality.  :-)  Okay, sorry for the long (possibly pathetic and nervous sounding) author’s note!
And then Steve was pressing wet little kisses against Tony’s neck and shoulder, across his chest, then down Tony’s stomach, and it was rapidly turning into an even better way to wake up.  Steve hovered, caressing Tony’s hips with his large hands.
” Steve let out a little gasp as he exhaled.  (Keep breathing . . .) Tony grabbed the bottle and now there was more slick and Tony was pushing in a little farther, then pulling back, then in a little more, working his finger deeper into Steve’s tight body.
Oh fuck.)   Would Tony really get him a dildo?  Would he order Steve to practice working it down his throat?  Steve licked his lips.  It sounded . . .
Bruce nodded eagerly and started over, then doubled back to refill his coffee cup.  While his back was turned, he said, “And, Tony?  Thanks.”
Tony shook his head. “Nope.” He dropped his head to the side and looked up at Steve through his lashes. “I’m
“Again!” Rogers cried and rushed him. Tony almost scored a punch on the Captain’s side, but he was too fast for Tony. This time, though, when Cap dodged he didn’t get Tony with his usual tap—he spun out of the way and grabbed Tony’s wrist. That was new, but Tony rolled with it.
“Yes! Yes, of course!  Steve,” Tony said, floundering and tripping.  (Shit!)  “I meant to *you.*  I mean, now that we’re together.  No, of course, I wouldn’t, someone else.  Not when we’re . . . I mean, I assume we’re, ah, exclusive.”
“Don’t be silly,” Pepper said primly.  “I’m not always right, I’m only usuallyright.”  Tony smiled; in that moment he missed her so fiercely he thought he could feel it in his bones.  “Now then,” she said briskly.  “You had a meeting with Isaac, didn’t you?  What’s he planning for the renovations?”
JARVIS obliged; the robot’s left leg jerked and shuddered. Tony frowned and tipped it over on the workbench.
Steve had nodded off in the armchair, but he came to--startled--at the sound of the door down the hall closing quietly with a snick. Potts left Stark—Tony—at a little after 4 am, heading for the elevator, no doubt to rest in one of the guest suites a few floors down. She didn’t even notice Steve in the living room. He considered calling out, asking after Tony—Stark—but decided against it.
Tony found himself alone and, against all the odds, in positively high spirits. Harry Silverstein was a delight. (Seriously, how had nobody introduced them before?) Buoyed by their chat and the overwhelming normalcy of the evening, Tony found himself drifting from the bar to the stage.
Happy holidays and a joyful new year!  (Though, I do hope to have chapter 21 up before 2014 hits... wish me luck!  :-)
poster in his dorm room, and Tony kinda fell in love on the spot. (Or imprinted on him like a sad little duckling—falling for the first handsome, trustworthy Dom he’d ever met.) He’d refused to believe that Rhodey wasn’t attracted to boys for a solid six months after that; Tony’d tried every pathetic romcom ploy imaginable to make him change his mind. (God he’d sucked at fourteen.)
Tony had been drinking coffee for hours, curried lentils and ham sandwich long since demolished.  (And, yeah, of course Steve brought both.)  Natasha’s new Widow’s Bite wasn’t as far along as he would have hoped.  He’d built the first section of basic circuitry, but he still wasn’t done with it and he hadn’t even started on the shell.  He checked the clock again.
Very carefully, Steve bent to lay Tony on the bed, then knelt on the floor beside him. Steve was looking at him very seriously, blue eyes wide and earnest. He reached out to caress Tony’s cheek, his touch soft and lingering.
Steve set the water aside and ran his fingers through Tony’s hair; Tony pressed up into the caress, anchored by Steve’s touch.
Steve pulled fast and rough on his cock, rocking into it with his whole body. He sucked hard at the dick in his mouth, moaning around it, bobbing his head up and down.
Clint leapt up and clapped Steve on the back.   “You know, the traditional ‘hurt Steve and they’ll never find your body’ speech.”
“Guh,” Tony gasped, feeling a little silly for being so tied up over one fingertip. Steve went still and Tony realized he hadn’t answered properly. “Green!”
“I’m here! Hey, sorry, really,” Tony said. “Just, you know, got kinda caught up, but I’m here. Sorry, sorry!”
And, okay, the irony of this wasn’t lost on Tony, but he couldn’t help saying, “Don’t you think you should maybe get some sleep?”
“Obi-Wan,” Rogers said, then hesitated a moment, “I was . . . really, uh, sorry . . . that he died.”  Rogers seemed lost in thought for a moment then pulled himself back to the present.  “Who’s your favorite?”
“Your lack of faith in my omelet skills wounds me to the core, Captain,” Tony said casually as he sauntered in. “What? Won’t even give me a chance?”
“The Academy has very high standards for how we treat our models,” the Professor said almost primly, “and it is our policy not to refer our models to unknown parties. But since it seems you may be”--a delicate pause as he selected the right phrase-- “in a difficult position . . .”
Kneeling in the shower—palms raised, head down, shoulders back—waiting for Steve to return, Tony breathed a long, deep sigh.
She was making that face Tony made—the “disappointed or maybe hurt, but would rather die than let you know it”  look.  Steve tried to give her a little smile as he added, “And, trust me, I’m really not as interesting as people think.  Dead boring in clubs.”  She was frowning just slightly, maybe preparing a rebuttal, so Steve rushed on,  “But, thank you for the invitation anyway.  Have a wonderful evening.”
“Absolutely!” Clint added. “Speaking of, have I mentioned what a . . . fascinating . . . fashion statement you’re making right now, Iron Man?”
“No! It's fine, babe. I mean, I'm flattered, only I'm too--” Tony closed his eyes and let out a little groan. “You know what? I'm gonna shut up now.”
Clint laughed. “Are you nuts? Yeah. No.” Clint shook his head. “No way I’m facing the combined wrath of Banner, Cap, Rhodes, and Pepper Potts. Sorry, man.”
Tony laughed, head lolling back like he wasn’t strong enough to hold it up. “I break my promises,” he rasped.
Next Fury’s PR minion was on to Captain America: how to announce his survival; which talk shows he should do; what sort of preparation he’d need before talking to the press off script. Whether he would go on tour or not. If so, how long and where to. And Tony couldn’t help noticing that although Rogers nodded steadily, expression stoic, he looked a little ill at the prospect. It was getting increasingly difficult for him to hide his distress as Carmichael laid out the possibilities.
“Nope! Got frustrated about an hour ago and went to meditate,” Tony said with a shrug. “Something about coming back to it fresh, something yoga something something.”
“What’s with this ‘layover’ bullshit anyway, Rhodey?” Tony demanded as Rhodes took out the now-frosted glasses. “If you’d just fly the suit I made you, you could stay till tomorrow and still beat the rest of them there.”
“What do you mean?” Rogers asked, but Tony had lost interest in him.  Fury himself was striding down the corridor with Romanov in tow.  (Yep, definitely have a bad feeling about this.)
(Oh fuck, why didn’t you slow down?  Really, you should have known that would be too much all at once!)
In the 1930s, Steve would have learned more about actual reproduction and biology than many kids in the USA today; there was no such thing as “abstinence only sex education” back then.
“What’s the matter?”  Harris asked, frustration edging into his tone.  “I’m a really nice guy—why’re you shooting me down so fast?”
“It’s an awful lot of clutter,” Steve said. “And Jim told me that you don’t celebrate Christmas; I didn’t want to impose.”
As Bruce left, Tony glared at the readouts. He hated to say anything to Bruce, but it all seemed pretty hopeless. This was The Hulk they were talking about. The Hulk! Tony closed all the glowing screens with an angry wave of his hand. It was nearly six and they’d made no real progress.
“Oh, fuck, Steve!  Yeah, suck my cock, you—”  Tony bit his lip and groaned, flooding Steve’s mouth with come in long, hot pulses.  Steve swallowed it eagerly, laving Tony’s dick with his tongue.  Tony stood over him, cock softening in Steve’s mouth, gently petting Steve’s head.
“Nothing to be on edge about,” Clint said around a mouthful of pasta. “Maria’ll be bad cop, Fury’ll be impassive cop, and we’ll all be good cops who band together, cementing team bonding, and doing exactly what we’d planned from the beginning.”
Anyway, I really hope you enjoyed this chapter and that it came together in the end.  I've been struggling to find the emotional energy to write, so encouragement much appreciated!   And, you know me, if you have a favorite bit I adore hearing that.
“It’s not like that,” Tony said, tone unexpectedly harsh. He frowned and took a deep breath. “He’s my Captain. And Steve—he’s not . . . not like that. He’s old fashioned; he doesn’t just run around hooking up with people.”
These sorts of restaurants all catered to the rich and famous, but Tony was super-rich and super-famous, so there was no way—
(Shit.)  Tony froze.  (“For God’s sake, talk to the man!” Pepper said exasperatedly in his mind. “Go on!”) Tony swallowed and frowned.  He gazed longingly at the elevator.
“Nothing. Just,” Steve glanced away, seeming embarrassed, “sometimes, I still can’t believe I get to be here with you.” His eyes trailed down Tony’s body. “Like this. That you give yourself to
“Sir, a Lieutenant Johnson is here,” JARVIS announced from the ceiling. “She is requesting access to deliver the War Machine armor.”
Thanks for reading!  And for sticking with me for all this time.  Happy valentine's day, friends.  I'm happy to spend this holiday with you and Steve and Tony and my lovely beta who made time for a last minute reading.
(Wow. 17% . . . this whole time.) Tony shook his head still laughing. (Well, that’ll teach you to go snooping . . . )
—was tucked away in Tony’s wallet for safekeeping. He’d give it back to Steve soon, but he couldn’t just leave it lying around on the table, could he? It seemed private. So he’d put it in his wallet. For safekeeping.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
“Gotcha.” Clint grinned. Tony huffed and tried the leg move again but Clint expected it and blocked him. (Damn it!)
“Really?” Tony asked skeptically, peering at the turkey’s golden, glistening skin covered in herbs and coarse salt. “Looks good to me.”
Various people asked him to say for dinner, but it always felt like an intrusion and he declined politely. Tony both loved and hated spending time at the Safehouse. The employees and volunteers swore up and down that he was
“Minor!” Tony squawked in mock indignation. “Don't listen to him, Rhodey! Our battle with Doom-and-Gloom Bots was
“Damn straight,” Rhodey agreed seriously, looking over at Tony with a challenging expression Steve couldn't quite grasp. Then Rhodey gestured to the second couch and added, “Go grab a beer, Steve. Join us for a drink.”
Clint landed an especially nasty blow to Steve’s sternum and Steve charged him like a bull. But there was something about it that was starting to leave Tony unsettled.  Something not just intense or fierce in their looks, but angry.  Just a little too much.
“Shhhh….” Steve murmured.  “It was perfect.”  He took Tony’s hand and squeezed it.  “Do you hear me?  It was perfect.”
“Ok, ok. How about it goes in the living room? Or something else?” Tony said, then added with a grin, “You can always rotate them in and out of the Rogers Wing of the Brooklyn art museum.”
“See!  There it is again, the look and that ‘I could take you over my knee and spank you’ voice.  Do you use that on the board of directors?  Is that your secret to running Stark Industries?”
. Even people who didn’t know their history at all knew about Watergate! And they knew it was Nixon, not Clinton. But for Rogers—for Captain
"Here," Steve said, trying not to sound stilted, as he came to crouch next to Tony, "why don't I help you back into bed?"
What he really wanted was to beat the ever living shit out of Dom Dominick, but he wouldn’t mind tossing Nat to the mat a few times.
Tony’d had a nice (if kinda awkward) conversation about Brooklyn with Henry on the way over to his daughter’s place. Henry’s grandson—Todd, eight years old—had gone saucer-eyed to see his grandfather being chauffeured in a Rolls Royce by Tony Stark and ran out still only half-way into his coat with his boots unlaced. Tony’d answered Todd’s excited questions about the Avengers (mostly Captain America) and chatted with Mr. and Mrs. Jackson (who were clearly bemused by Tony Stark’s presence, but were waiting to ask Henry about it once he was gone). Tony steadily refused their polite invitations to come inside for a minute. (They had a nice Christmas planned and didn’t need Tony Stark swanning in on it.) They parted with a firm, amiable handshake.
“Oh.” And this time he actually sounded kind of disappointed, and maybe just the slightest bit surprised. His brow furrowed. “I see.”
Steve just frowned at him. A chorus of past lovers were buzzing in Tony's head: “Don't stay in the workshop so long, Tony.”; “You never have time for me, Tony.”; “I'm not a priority for you, Tony.”; “There's no room in your life for me, Tony.” It was hard to breathe. (Stupid, stupid, stupid.) And he couldn't hold it in, it was all so fucking unfair. It wasn't good enough. Nothing was good enough. It made him so fucking angry. And in the far corner of the workshop, the mangled War Machine armor, silent and reproachful, watched everything with empty eyes. Tony felt like a wire ready to snap, an overheated engine ready to blow, his whole body hot and throbbing with the anger and frustration and--
Tony started to pace; Dummy followed, offering him his bow tie. After a few laps up and down the workshop, Tony knelt next to the bot and accepted it.
“Hey, J? Tell Clint, we’ll come at 7,” Tony said. “And he can pick the movie—but on his head be it if Bruce or Natasha object to the choice.”
They all nodded, listening attentively. Tony continued, “Also, if you want my legal team to look at your contracts, just let me know and I’ll get them on it. Some of you may have more PR wiggle room than I do, so that would be good to know, right? Right. Okay, great! And now, pizza.”
Steve propped up on his elbows to look at Tony with a worried frown.  “Tony, I know that.”  Steve took Tony’s hand and squeezed it.  “I know that.  I just wanted to make sure that we both agree.”
“I was given to understand that the collector she represents may be interested in dabbling in some . . . unusual art work of his own.”
The meeting was boring, like most meetings.  It was really just a check in.  Rogers updated Hill and Fury on what the team had been doing.  Strategies they’d developed, techniques.  Told them about the training modules Tony’d made, at which point Fury got a speculative gleam in his eye, which Tony ignored.  (No way he was making that stuff for SHIELD.)  The ninjas talked about scheduling fieldwork for SHIELD and balancing it with Avengers’ training. Bruce scowled-- he looked even angrier about being there than Tony, which was impressive.  Fury called Tony “Stark”; Rogers called him “Iron Man.” Tony brooded.  Rogers made a few attempts to draw him into the discussion, but everybody else was doing a fine job recounting a bunch of boring facts that could have gone in a memo; Tony felt no need to prolong things.  (Seriously?  They made me come here for this?)
“On second thought,” Tony cried, throwing his cards down. “I’ll take pity on all of you. My luck was about to turn, but, uh. I
Steve nodded and now it was Tony’s turn to strip him bare, button by button and thread by thread. Steve’s body was perfect—chiseled muscles, flawless skin, stunning proportions.  (Tony felt a little grateful Steve had done their first scene clothed.) Steve silently let Tony tend to him, watching with a hint of a smile as Tony undressed him, folded his clothes (badly), and set them aside.
? And, honestly, I’ve been an outspoken advocate of safer sex for years! Do your research, ‘xxx-top-lolz5’.” Tony shook his head and tsk-tsked again.
"Write some slightly dark, filthy smut," I thought. "Super explicit!  Extra filthy! Not a lot of feelings and no plot or world building, ok?"
“All right,” Tony said nodding. “I should probably let you all get back to it. Sorry for stepping up our timeline—blame SHIELD.”
Tony shivered again, turned off the lights, and padded back to bed. He considered fetching his phone, then yawned and decided not to. It was too early to see the respectable society pages and the rest of the internet would be predictable. He lifted the covers and slid in next to Steve who murmured hazily, not quite waking up, but nevertheless pulling Tony close in his sleep.
Steve, Bruce, and Mrs. Rhodes were clustered together in the kitchen, deep in conversation. Rhodey, Clint, and Natasha were out on the balcony under the heat lamps; and Pepper was stretched out across the couch, book in hand and washcloth on her forehead. After a moment’s hesitation, Tony crossed the room to squeeze in next to her on the couch.
It was, in fact, an absurdly short drive. (Still worth it.) Steve got out first and held the door to Frank & Jackie’s for the entire team. The décor inside was a little schizophrenic, as if Frank wanted a campy 1950s diner, Jackie wanted an upscale bistro, and
“Here you are, gentlemen,” the hostess said, “I’ll give you few minutes with the menus and then Maria will be over to take your order.”
“Good.”  She held out her hand and Steve shook it, holding back a sigh.  Hill was one of those people who always clenched his hand too hard, like she was proving a point.
They reached the ground floor and Steve took a step through the elevator, then paused to add softly over his shoulder: “I thought we were friends.”
“What!?” Clint cried.  “Tony, you’re killing me.  Is Cap rubbing off on you?”  Clint asked, then added, deadpan, “And by rubbing off, I mean—”  Clint cut himself off with a sharp breath. Tony grinned inwardly when he saw Clint surreptitiously reach down to rub his shin.  (And thank you, Natasha.)  “Since when do you want to watch old stuff?”
With a bit more prodding, Steve soon was describing various movements in Islamic art with considerable enthusiasm.  (See you know tons of stuff I know nothing about!)  Tony wisely refrained from asking if this recent reading had been inspired by Steve’s research on the Iraq War and whether, like Pepper, he’d cried reading about the sacking of the National Museum in Baghdad.  (Yeah—depressing shit.  Best avoided on dates.  Up there on the list with ill considered PDA.  Oops!)  Tony found himself impressed, both by how much Steve knew and by how
“Yes.” Natasha sighed. “But life isn’t about looking back and we have new puppies to train.” She looked over to where the new trainees were talking together. “They’re not a team.”
Tony was frustrated. “None of your business,” he sniped and stalked out of the gym. “F.R.I.D.A.Y. I’ll need the Mach 10 suit ready to leave in five.”
“And just when would any one of you have listened to me?” Tony asked. “After Ultron? Vision? The Accords?” He laughed and it felt as though something had died in his heart. “Iron Man, yes; Tony Stark, not recommended. You remember, right? You wrote that profile.”
Tony looked up when the infirmary doors swished open. “Cap!” he exclaimed with delight. “Will you please tell this person that I’m perfectly fine?” He waved a hand at Bruce.
“The skies have turned dark with blood and the land gives up no fruitage.” Thor looked at Loki who slipped even further down on the sofa.
“How do we know he’ll fix Tony then?” Steve edged closer to the bed, ignoring the low growl as he approached.
“I’m almost afraid to find out,” he admitted, making his way to where he could hear Tony muttering dire threats. He peered around the panel and saw Bucky sitting in a chair while Tony poked at his arm. “Hey.”
“And I’d never have guessed that the venom was in her teeth without that astute observation, Dr. Stark.” Bruce’s reply was bone-dry but his eyes twinkled. “What
Tony lifted his head and met Bucky’s gaze. He took a deep breath. “Let him in, thanks.” The doors swished open and closed again. “No-one else, okay?”
“How are you doing?” he asked when he reached the low wall that was the only protection between land and death.
“I’ll think about,” Bruce hedged. Tony was used to this sort of dance. He was the world champ of this sort of dance.
“Well, you’re still a cocky shit, only slightly bigger,” Tony said. “Move your ass, Cap, time’s a-wasting.”
Tony watched him go. It was a beautiful thing. Almost as perfect as watching him come. Aaaaaand he was
Tony was offended. “Well, I’m sorry for wanting to lean on my best friend in times of need,” he muttered.
Thor hunched his shoulders a little, curling around Matilda. “I am the last of my people. I am nobody.”
Tony’s kiss turned dirty then, mouth opening beneath Steve’s. He was pliant in Steve’s arms, letting his body be moved in whatever way Steve wanted. “So sure,” he whispered into Steve’s mouth. “I’m a selfish man and I won’t do without you.”
Thor steepled his fingers as he leaned his elbows on the table. “I must explain their power to you, my friends; else you will not feel the same urgency as I do.”
“We are adults,” Tony interrupted. “And again, none of your fucking business.” He was starting to get seriously pissed off.
Natasha raised an eyebrow. “Are any of you ready to see me naked?” She looked around the table. “Because my best scars are in the most private places.”
Jim did, eyes full of wonder as he looked at himself. He flexed his fingers. “It looks like real skin,” he said.
“Sir,” F.R.I.D.A.Y broke into Tony’s concentration. He’d left Bruce and Vision arguing about quantum theory a while back. “Captain Rogers is at the door requesting access.”
Tony wanted to shake answers out of him. To demand honesty. But he remembered Dean’s whispered caution that demons lie. “I will obliterate your world if you try to take them,” he promised.
Tony realized suddenly that the day was almost over while they’d been at S.H.I.E.L.D. “Anyone hungry?” he asked.
“You are so impatient, Tony.” Steve drew him closer. “Let me enjoy this, loving you, being with you, it’s the happiest I’ve ever been, and I don’t want to spoil it with future thoughts that we still can’t be sure of.”
Steve noticed that Bucky stood beside Tony, ready to tackle whatever came their way. Steve hurt. Visceral, gut-slitting pain. Because once, that position would have been his. Would have been him standing between Tony and whatever stupid-ass threat he'd managed to piss off.
F.R.I.D.A.Y. announced, “Welcome home, Captain Rogers.” Steve felt his shoulders tense up. He wondered what he’d find.
This was all brand new information to Tony. He wanted to quiz Clint more but he could see that was all he was going to get. He made a mental note to get Hawkeye drunk and pry the rest of the story out of him some day.
The strains of Queen’s ‘Another One Bites the Dust’ started up and everyone turned to see Clint walking down the aisle.
Steve surged forward suddenly, mouth hungry against Tony’s. “Can I?” he muttered against Tony’s lips.
