“Huh?”
“Hello, Harriet” he said, polite as ever. Sherlock was just as fond of Harry.
had kissed
A daughter who was waiting for them at
, back in Baker St.
And that shouldn’t have made so much of a difference because,
John scoffed.
“God, it’s only been two weeks, please don’t tell me I’ve messed it up already” He sounded genuinely concerned, but John chuckled.
“Sorry, what?”
“Being someone's husband is quite serious, John” and his tone suggested a discussion would follow this, John could only hope it’d be a civilized one.
, when Sherlock was feeling particularly tender. Now, all of that paled in the light of Sherlock’s newfound favorite term,
“Look at you, such a concerned missus, so attentive to details”
solved one last night “should be back any minute now…”
Perhaps it was just that John never expected to be anyone’s husband again, certainly not Sherlock’s. Not because he didn’t love Sherlock or didn’t want to be united to him in that way, but after losing Mary, after almost losing Sherlock,
And so, they had been married, without much of a ceremony, but Mommy -
Lovely as it had been - and John would
It was worth the tender, vulnerable moments when he’d see a side of Sherlock he knew no one else had seen before, no one else would ever see. It was definitely worth the sex, and the passion, and the frantic post-case high that’d have Sherlock ripping off his clothes not a minute after the case was officially over. It was worth the slow, quiet nights in which they’d make love in the dark, like dancing a dance they didn’t think they’d know so well.
“Yes, I’d like that, too. Yes, let’s get married, to each other. Yes, let’s make it official, let’s sign the bloody contract, just… yes, yes” he said, and Sherlock laughed, and Sherlock cried, and Sherlock kissed him.
When he returns to the kitchen he sees Sherlock has finished off the entire bottle of water. “All yours,” he says to Sherlock, opening the fridge and grabbing a water for himself.
“It really doesn’t look like natural causes,” Molly says. “But looking for the standard poisoning compounds hasn’t given us a thing, and the police say they don’t have anything that points to murder. So I thought I’d give Sherlock a call, and, well.”
“Yes,” Holmes says simply. “Of a past that he never had.”
“Of what?” John asks him, as his thumb finds Sherlock’s nipple, traces a circle around the outside edge of the areolae. The shivers ripple across Sherlock’s skin, the first silver sparks of pleasure beginning to race along his nerves as the riot of chemicals in his bloodstream begin to take over, pushing him further down into that dark, strange, exhiliarating place.
It occurs to him that these are possibly not quite normal feelings. He doesn’t care.
“Can you tell me what he looked like when you found him?” Sherlock asks.
Sherlock pulls back a bit, gives him a quick, oddly piercing look.
He smells of sex and cigarettes and mouthwash and night air, and the knot in John’s chest--the one he hadn’t he even allowed himself to acknowledge--well, it doesn’t disappear, not entirely, but it loosens. Considerably.
Sherlock opens one eye and looks up at him. “No, I’m awake.”
Looking at John’s open, laughing face, Sherlock realises for the thousandth time how desperately in love he is with this man, so devoted to him it sometimes seems like merely getting married is not nearly enough. He’s almost overcome by the sudden, fierce desire to give himself over to John entirely, to kneel in front of him in desperate supplication, to spend long hours in worshipful adoration at his feet.
Sherlock is gone,
“How can I not feel badly about that?”
Patricia doesn’t say anything, but as she sniffles and wipes her eyes she glares at Sherlock, and John can clearly read
“Scared the
“Take this,” he mutters, reaching into a pocket and thrusting something flat and shiny into John’s hand.
“Rocco, come in, please,” Atherton says. Rocco steps hesitantly into the kitchen, and John can instantly recognized the grief etched in the man’s pale features.
--C.F.
Sherlock goes quiet at that, considers a minute.
“Well, that’s...good, right?”
He feels foolish, embarrassed even, until he glances back up and into Sherlock’s eyes.
“Yeah,” John says. “God, of course I love you. I love you more than anything or anyone else in the entire goddamn world, Sherlock, and that’s never, ever going to change.”
“And I do know what you’re capable of,” John continues, softer, conciliatory. “Sherlock. I’ve always known. And I’m sorry, truly sorry, for ever saying or thinking otherwise. Please believe that is about my shortcomings, not yours. And I will try to do better.”
John’s breathing hitches as he uses the crop to pull Sherlock closer to him, pressing his warm sweat-damp chest into his back. His freshly-spent cock is still soft where it presses against the cleft of his buttocks but John still sighs into his ear, pressing his pelvis close, thrusting insistently against him, and Sherlock knows that if this ravenously insatiable man hadn’t already come twice in the past four hours and who knows how many times yesterday, he’d already be pushing his face down to the floor and pulling the plug out of his arse to fuck him hard for the third time today.
“Cuddle?” Sherlock asks, and there’s a hint of a smile in his voice, yes, but no derision or mockery in it. “Yes. I like...yes. And also,” he clarifies, “the kissing. The kissing is...good.”
“Down,” Sherlock murmurs. Both men slide down in their seats, out of view.
“Easy there,” John mumbles, looping an arm around Sherlock’s waist, then pulling him close, the warm heat of him radiating through Sherlock’s thin cotton shirt. He mouths gently at Sherlock’s neck. “Having a bit of a time keeping upright?”
“How big is Camden?”
“No,” Sherlock replies, and doesn’t elaborate.
And it should have been quick, a simple task not taking twenty minutes, except for the fact that the evidence desk is manned by a newly minted PC, a kid who looks like he just learned how to shave within the last week. Additionally, the boy was obviously raised under a rock on a deserted island, for he has never heard the name Sherlock Holmes.
“I can’t, Jim,” Molly pleads. “There’s no way he’ll--”
John laughs. Sherlock’s serious demeanor softens a bit as he smiles slightly, holds up a hand. “No, really, that’s relevant. It tells me he’s vain, but cheap, which points to him being very susceptible to gifts and flattery.”
John chuckles, strokes his arm, traces the lines of his deltoid, his bicep. “I absolutely concur.”
While thinking John falls asleep without meaning to, and he dreams.
Sherlock goes still, concerned.
“Of course.” Sherlock filches a mozzarella stick, ignoring the marinara dipping sauce in favor of consuming the fried cheese almost whole. “And according to these documents, Maria was released in the spring of 2006 on a supposed technicality involving an improperly handled appeal motion.”
“Sorry,” he says. “Needed a moment. It’s been awhile.”
Sherlock wanted to pull his hair out. Why couldn’t John understand. Why couldn’t he
Well that was news to Sherlock. Something he probably would have noticed if he’d actually been looking at John when he’d came in…or at any other point after he’d arrived. A small part of Sherlock felt guilty. He didn’t actually want John to be upset or alone, but a bigger part of him was happy. If John was unattached then he’d have more time for Sherlock, at least until he found someone else.
There was also the fact that all of those still happened even after living with Sherlock for an extended period of time. Even after having seen Sherlock at some of his lowest points, John was still around and still reaching for him. In fact, the number of times that he reached out for
When Sherlock didn’t say anything more, John tried prompting him to talk again. “Sherlock, talk to me. You’re difficult at the best of times, but you don’t normally resort to throwing things at me. Something is obviously wrong and unless you actually talk to me I won’t figure it out. Idiot, remember?”
.” John seemed to be struggling for words, his eyes darting around Sherlock’s face in what Sherlock was hesitant to describe as desperation.
John was laughing, his head thumping down onto Sherlock’s chest as his shoulders shook. Sherlock couldn’t help but give in to the need to lift a hand to run over John’s hair. So different than Sherlock’s own, a sandy brown and thinner than Sherlock’s, but so soft despite the product that he used to tame it.
Sherlock found his emotions stirring despite his wishes.
John was heavily sighing and stepping out of his own shoes, obviously already frustrated, but even still he came around to sit in his chair, angling himself to see Sherlock on the couch. “Are you going to tell me why you’re throwing things at me?”
“It doesn’t matter because you have Martha.” He wasn’t about to just give in.
.” He had to practically spit out the last part, the idea of showing some kind of vulnerability even to John was frightening and Sherlock did not care for the feeling.
“I’m not a mind reader, Sherlock. If you need something you have to actually speak up. Plus, I thought you didn’t date men or women. You said that when we first met.”
“Not that it is any of your business who I’m dating, but
It wasn’t until the words were out of his mouth that he realized he made a mistake. If he was lucky John would not notice, but he also knew that John could catch onto things quicker than most when he put his mind to it. In the middle of an argument was almost a sure way to make sure that John did notice.
It was due to this irritation that when John finally reappeared at the flat, Sherlock found himself flinging a near by shoe in John’s general direction. The resounding
John was on a date again.
John laughed again, lifting his head this time to smile down at Sherlock. “You already do all of those things. I think we’ll manage. That is, if you’re done throwing shoes at me and actually want to try this. I suspect it will be the hardest thing either of us have ever done, but I’m sure we could make it work.”
against the wall and yelp of surprise was surprisingly satisfying.
Sherlock liked to pretend that he was above it all. That he could truly shut it all off like Mycroft said he should…like he suspected Mycroft was actually able to do. Caring really wasn’t an advantage most of the time. The reality of it was, though, that with as brilliant as Sherlock’s mind was, he still felt everything. Only some times he worried that he felt everything so much more deeply than everyone else that it was even worse than not feeling anything at all. His love, he knew, was all consuming and possessive, his anger fire bright and blinding, and his sadness leveling and destructive.
and I will not be seeing each other again. Apparently I talk about you too much. Now stop deflecting and tell me what’s going on in that big brain of yours.”
A small smile tugged its way onto Sherlock’s lips, one of his hands reaching up to run long fingers over John’s own smiling face. If John said it would work then Sherlock had every belief that it actually would. After all, John could be even more stubborn than Sherlock and Sherlock had to trust that he knew what he wanted.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and curled in more tightly to himself. Of course this wasn’t going to be the exception. John could make surprisingly intuitional leaps of logic when it came to emotions or people. At least he could with Sherlock.
“Are you telling me that all this time…all this time I could have had you and you were too much of a bloody idiot to tell me?”
“You weren’t here! Instead you were with Emily and not answering your text messages.” Sherlock sneered, rolling over to give John his back.
men or women.”
Sherlock wasn’t sure if he wanted to turn to look at John or not. He also wasn’t sure if he wanted to tell him the truth, but…how much longer could he push John before he just left?
Sherlock had become…attached…to John quickly despite what he’d ever admit. After the first uttered “Brilliant” from John, Sherlock had been hooked. He’d still expected John to get tired of his moods and brashness, but John hadn’t. Instead John had stuck around. He badgered Sherlock into eating and sleeping. He hid Sherlock’s cigarettes and patched him up when he was hurt on a case. John had quickly become integral to The Work and Sherlock’s life. The flat was empty without him, and even though Sherlock told John many times that he didn’t notice when John left, he always did. Just sometimes…sometimes it irritated him so much that he had to get back at John for daring to leave in the first place. So he’d act like he hadn’t noticed.
Except…where would that leave Sherlock?
knows how gone I am on you and she’s always so bloody pissed I’m surprised she knows her own name.”
He didn’t know when he stopped paying close attention to John, but Sherlock was startled when a hand gently gripped his shoulder and guided him to roll over. John had perched himself on what little of the couch that Sherlock had left empty, eyes boring down at Sherlock with an unreadable expression in them.
“Of course I notice, don’t be an idiot. I notice when you eat something new for lunch or take a new route home from the clinic. I notice when you sleep poorly and when you don’t drink enough tea or coffee. There is no way that I would not notice you leaving me.”
“What the bloody hell, Sherlock? That would have hit me!” John’s angry voice was much higher pitched than John’s content voice, even more so to his relaxed and happy voice. It wasn’t pleasing. Sherlock did not like it.
“That was the point!” Sherlock huffed, flopping back to lay on the couch again with his arms crossed across his chest. He knew that he was being childish, that his stroppy attitude was just a petulant as a toddler not getting their way. But he couldn’t help it! John had been gone and he’d
Sherlock wanted to scream at how dim John was. It was obvious why he was throwing things at John. John hadn’t been here to do anything and his absence could be the only reason Sherlock could have to be mad at him. However, Sherlock knew that John didn’t always connect the dots and he liked to talk about things. It made him wonder some days why he even needed John so.
This was one of those times where John’s absence was irritating to Sherlock. It was made worse by
Sherlock in a given day had actually increased with time.
There would be fights in the future, about Sherlock being smothering and John looking at women (though John never went after them, Sherlock was still a possessive person). Sherlock would want John to move into his room immediately while John would resist, the nightmares conjured by his PTSD making him want a room to retreat to. Sherlock would still play his violin at ungodly hours and leave body parts and half finished experiments in the fridge where John wanted to keep food. John would still force Sherlock to eat regularly, would still clean up after experiments that Sherlock wasn’t done with, and would still all around mother hen Sherlock.
John’s words were more startling than his proximity, making Sherlock involuntarily jerk back farther into the couch if possible. “You’re not gay…you say it all the time…and you like sex.”
. I want to be wrapped up in someone’s smell and touch, I want to be petted and taken care of, I want…I want kisses and hugs and
“God, you bloody wanker. I’m not gay but even you should know that sexuality isn’t so straight forward. I’m not attracted to men, but that doesn’t mean that I can’t love you. I don’t have to want to have sex with you to want to kiss you good morning or force you to lay down with me at night so I can wrap you up in my arms and sleep with you close. Yeah, I like sex…but I don’t have to have it and I’ve had relationships without it. I’ve got two hands and if I need something else there are aids I can buy from a store. Even then I’d happily live with blue balls if I could have you. How could you not know this? I thought it was obvious…everyone at the Yard knows how gone I am on you.
John was absent to begin with. Sherlock needed him
What Sherlock hadn’t been expecting was the sudden rush of air from John’s lungs. Not the rush of exasperation or disgust that he usually heard, but something different. Something that sent unfamiliar and unwanted hope tripping through his chest. Hope that he’d only felt once before and had never thought he’d want to feel again after having it dashed so completely the first time. He’d grown to like the fact that The Work was the most important thing in his life, but he had to admit that John had become integral to The Work as well and the hope that John would stay…would facilitate more inside and outside of The Work…
Sherlock could practically hear the wheels turning within John’s head, the neurons firing rapidly as they pieced together information. He wouldn’t have been surprised if John was remembering things, little bits of memory of things that Sherlock had done or said in the past that aligned with what Sherlock had just revealed.
For now, though, they were happy. Wrapped up in each other, a new understanding shining brightly between them with hope and love, things were looking up and things that they once thought was impossible suddenly seemed very possible and close.
and why couldn’t John tell that?
Frowning, Sherlock looked back steadily, his ire from before fading away slightly. John really was an idiot, and Sherlock knew this, but this wasn’t the reaction that he’d been expecting. He’d expected more frustration. For John to rant about how while Sherlock might be happy not having anyone, how John needed the companionship that came with his dating women. How he couldn’t expect John to feel the same way he did. Instead John was taking slow deliberately measured breaths and was sitting close enough to lean over Sherlock.
Long legs and arms wrapped securely around John, pressing him close enough to muffle his squawk of protest at the manhandling. For his part, John settled quickly once he realized what was going on, wrapping his own arms around Sherlock as much as he could and letting Sherlock wrap himself around him as much as humanly possible.
“Oh…you know that I’ll be worse than I am now. I’ll demand your constant attention. Need it even. I’ll always want you near me and when you’re not I’ll be even more insufferable than I can be now. I’ll want to tell everyone that you’re mine and I’ll probably chase all your friends away.”
Both Sherlock and John were suddenly glad that John had returned home. Glad that Sherlock’s precarious moods and John’s break up with Nancy had prompted the honest discussion between the two of them. They weren’t under the delusion that things would magically work out, but it was a start and they both knew what to do with that.
“So why don’t we just go and...get her?” John asks. “We could. You have the information, we have the moral right. They
“You like that?” John asks. “When I lick you there?”
“You’ve been waiting for me,” Sherlock replies, suitably impressed at John’s own considerable deduction skills.
John rolls over and opens his eyes and stretches just as Sherlock’s rangy frame appears, backlit in the doorway.
All the garbage, all the debris, all the soul-crushing goddamn burden Mary left in her wake, reduced to a stack of innocent-looking cardboard boxes.
“I don’t wish to cause an incident,” Sherlock says, his voice lower, projecting an air of calm and control. “I just want a word with your boss.” He looks directly at the other man. “We’re looking for an old client of yours. Maria Kochencko.”
“Well, somewhat,” Sherlock says, uncharacteristically hedging his bets. "It’s just pure speculation, at this point. There are so many loose ends here, John, far too many. Far more questions than answers and very little reliable information at the moment.”
“You knew, didn’t you,” John finally says, his voice deep and rough from weeping.
, exactly. But we just need to make sure we’re not caught unaware. Also, I need to piss and brush my teeth.”
Sherlock shakes his head. “I think--” his voice is thick, oddly hoarse. “I think I’ve got a thing. I mean, I’m coming down with a thing.”
“John.”
In an hour of searching, John finds a handful of transit documents and a small blue notebook filled with handwritten pages of dense Cyrillic scrawl. Sherlock downloads a handful of suspect files from Petro’s laptop. (The password is big_pete01. Sherlock is personally offended by this.) John keeps expecting to be interrupted by a security guard or intrepid employee, but this particular bout of B&E goes off without a hitch. They are careful to leave the office exactly as they found it, rearming the security system before they exit the building.
Sherlock doesn't reply; instead he moves out of the doorway, drifts across the sitting room, gazes at the collection of photos on top of the battered piano. John locates a clean shirt, retrieves his glass and pours himself another measure of vodka before sinking heavily down onto the battered sofa.
“All right,” he says at last. “Sit up, then, and face me.” The concern in his voice is now underlaid with a shade of his commanding tone. Sherlock hesitates for a moment, then obeys. John’s eyes are dark blue, crinkled with concern.
“Yes.” He shrugs with a studied casualness. “On an as-needed basis.”
Sherlock nods minutely.
Even if the reason why isn’t common knowledge (though Sherlock suspects Lestrade sees more than he is letting on), everyone at the Yard knows full well that while Sherlock will casually slice apart any other human who dares cross his path, he doesn’t speak to John Watson like that, not anymore.
“Tell me,” John repeats, the steel in his voice now undeniable, inescapable.
“Oh God,” Sherlock moaned, “please, John,
“John,” Sherlock murmurs, and takes hold of his upper arm, firm but not rough, steadying, supporting. “I don’t mind at all. I’d rather. Not that you need looking after, but--I’d rather, in fact.”
(He remembers the letter delivered to him at work, Janine's looping, feminine scrawl.
“Oh God, what now?”
“How do you feel, then?” Sherlock asks.
John steps closer, looking up at him. His eyes have gone dark, chips of cool slate under starlight, and something in that look makes Sherlock feel vertiginous, as though somehow he’s the one looking up at John.
“Also, I’ve studied your internet history,” Sherlock adds. “Many times over.”
A magnified image of the scale is included, showing a serial number microscopically etched onto the edge.
“Shut up,” Sherlock replies indignantly. “I never needed anything else.” He pauses, then cocks his head questioningly. “What is one supposed to use?”
“That’s it, love,” he whispers against his full lips. “That’s so good, it’s perfect.”
“Four hundred thousand dollars,” Johnson says, considering.
“That. Um.” Sherlock buries his face against the side of John’s torso, muffling his words. “I had intended a significantly different outcome. I apologise for the...um. The brevity of the encounter.”
Polite knuckles rap on his door, startling him out of his reverie.
John brings fingertips of his left hand up to trace the curve of Sherlock’s hip, slip across the flat planes of his taut, concave abdomen, slowly track upwards, savoring every inch of warm smooth skin he is allowed to touch. He finds a pebbled nipple, circles it with his fingers. He gently rolls the nub of flesh between finger and thumb, feels the deep rumble of Sherlock’s low moan.
“Sod this. Sod the lot of you. Fucking cowards. And you?" He stares daggers into Derrin’s ugly, hateful visage. “It’s been five years, and you're the one still thinking about where I like to put my dick. You may want to consider that.”
John is knocking on the door. Sherlock opens his mouth to say something, but he feels the hurt welling up again and chooses to remain silent instead. He closes his eyes and deliberately pushes away thoughts of John, of his furrowed brow, of his concerned eyes and warm gentle hands. John had told him no. John had rejected him. If John doesn’t want him, he can bloody well stay away.
Sherlock’s expression hardens, his eyes narrowing. “Do you, at this current moment, have a better plan?” he challenges.
“Good?” John asks him a few minutes after, his voice quiet and a bit serious.
It feels so strangely intimate, even after everything they’ve been through, to stand so close to Sherlock’s body in the tiny bathroom, to feel the heat radiating off his skin as John runs fingers through the thick glossy curls he’s always secretly longed to touch.
“Only for an hour or so,” Sherlock tells him, stifling a yawn. “We have a lot of work in front of us.”
When their private pastimes involve the more ornate and ritualised trappings of BDSM, Sherlock knows he still holds the majority of control over their exchange of power. But in the sessions when John decides Sherlock is in need of the belt, there is no doubt at all over who is in control of the situation, on every level and in every detail. And it’s not Sherlock.
“I promise I’ll be back in under an hour,” Sherlock declares for the third time in the past five minutes, shrugging into his suit jacket.
“I’m kind of an orphan,” Seb admits.
He feels himself smile, something small and genuine and for John alone. “You are,” he murmurs. “You are indeed.”
“Look at me, Sherlock.”
Atherton smiles. “I like to think I see the sides of people others sometimes miss. It’s crucial to my line of work.” He stands, extends a hand to John. “I’d love to have you come work with us, Doctor Watson, if you’ll have us.”
“No,” Sherlock says, meaning
About fifteen minutes later, there’s enough space between themselves and the Kravitz residence for them to feel marginally safer, safe enough to stop at a Dunkin’ Donuts at the edge of town in order to properly install the car seat and for all of them to get a bite to eat before they set off for the airport.
A few minutes later, his phone vibrates in his pocket. He pulls it out, reads the text.
Sherlock nods, eyes cast down, not quite daring to look fully at John. He’s definitely blushing now, furiously so, pale cheeks burning crimson even in the dim light of the streetlamps.
He doesn’t dream.
Sherlock nods wordlessly, turns his back to John and lets him massage the shampoo into his hair, combing out the snarls with his fingers. “Okay, rinse.” Sherlock tilts his head back, ducks under the shower head as John watches him, transfixed by the sight of his dark hair plastered and dripping, rivulets of water streaming over the faint scars on his well-muscled back. He straightens, turns back to John, pushing his wet hair back with two hands and smiling down at him.
Lestrade calls and threaten-pleads Sherlock into coming down to NSY for some imaginary bit of unfinished paperwork regarding Jim Browner, the severed-ear murderer.
“Drugs, obviously,” Sherlock answers evenly.
What would those chemicals add up to if you put them all together, into one solution?
Sherlock breathes in, opens his mouth to say something, seems to reconsider. “It’s not,” he says finally. “It’s unfortunate, and infuriating, but it’s not what’s bothering me.”
“And you knowing, the way you look at me now, is so very...I would rather have you be as angry as you were when I came back, a hundred times over, a thousand, then have to endure one more second of you looking at me with that remote, careful pity in your eyes. It’s absolutely
“You did fine,” John says, reassuring her even as his heart sinks. “We know more than we did before.”
“Simple substitution cipher,” he says dismissively from his sprawled position on the sofa. “Primary school stuff. Not even your analysts are that hopelessly incompetent.”
“So much for privileged communication,” Sherlock bites out. “Patient privacy laws apply to every one of Her Majesty’s subject, except me, apparently. How nice to know how very
“If I were allergic,” Sherlock replies, "I would be showing symptoms by now.”
“Well, yes. But that’s not the spirit of what I intended. What I intended was for you to allow yourself to fall asleep.”
“He’ll have a mushroom and cheese omelette, home fries, wheat toast, coffee, and water,” Sherlock says to the waitress. “And just coffee for me.”
He wakes, a bit muzzy and confused, to find Sherlock sitting tailor-style on the floor next to the bed, his shoulders perpendicular against John’s side of the mattress. His coat and jacket are missing, his shirtsleeves unbuttoned. His hair is still slightly damp from the drizzly night, the ends beginning to dry in the disheveled ringlets he hates so but John loves and longs to touch, always.
Ah. Of course.
“This is us,” Sherlock says, stubbing out the smoke on the heel of his trainer before tossing it into an overflowing bin.
Sherlock’s only answer is ragged, almost plaintive whine and a single, convulsive twitch of his hips.
He stops, shakes his head. Takes a deep breath, like a diver preparing for a high plunge.
John looks up at him; he keeps his expression level and unblinking, careful not to reveal any hint of his still-turbulent thoughts and feelings.
Sherlock is pale, unmoving in Macgregor’s grasp. He’s outwardly composed; anyone else would believe him calm, perhaps even bored, but John can see the fear skittering at the very back of his wide, unblinking eyes.
Sherlock knows it should terrify him. It doesn’t. He welcomes it, eagerly. He sometimes wishes he could live here. It’s all so much quieter. Simpler.
"That's not…” John sighs, scrubs fingers through his hair. “That's unethical in the extreme. It's bad enough that I'm talking to you. I'm not going to go digging through his medical records behind his back. Good God, I’m a doctor. We do have rules about that sort of thing.”
intention of following through."
“You and I, we always...” Sherlock stops, considers, starts again. “No matter what the circumstances, we always end up back in these same behaviour patterns. Even after I was --” He looks away, clearly ill at ease. “Even after I left, when I came back everything, everything was
“No,” John says. “You know I wouldn’t.” He moves closer to Sherlock, gives in to the aching need to touch him. He presses gentle fingers into his upper arm, slender but surprisingly muscular, heat radiating from his skin through the fine cotton shirt. “But somebody would.”
“The conditions have been set,” Mycroft replies, “and she has agreed to abide by them. If she doesn’t, well. Sadly, my control doesn’t extend that far. And neither does yours. We do what we can, Doctor Watson.”
“We’re rich now. Mycroft left his estate to both of us, equally. No preconditions, no clauses. His will is still in probate, but the insurance and bank accounts are already at our disposal, everything split fifty-fifty.”
“Alice procures the kids, Johnson acts as broker,” John muses.
“You could use something with some sugar in it,” Sherlock tells him. “Have you got any juice?”
“Not even a little,” Sherlock says, bouncing a little on his toes. He’s happy and content, feeling comfortable in his skin, thoroughly enjoying this moment of modest triumph. “I feel…”
Sherlock is gone, his side of the bed cold and empty.
“No one,” he rasps in agreement between smeary, rough openmouthed kisses. He cups his hand around the back of John’s neck, presses their foreheads together as he thrusts into him, fills him up, makes their bodies as one. “No one else but you. Just you. Only you.
“Anything in particular you’d like me to include?” Sherlock asks.
Sherlock has a brief, confused flash of the shoreline before a tsunami, the tide pulling away from naked sand, and then his orgasm crests and breaks and he’s coming hard, a sob torn from his throat as he convulses helplessly, drowning in an overwhelming wave of pleasure  but he does what he is told and watches, he fights every instinct and keeps his eyes open and he sees himself in the mirror, his cock spurting forcefully, two days of denied arousal onto his own stomach and chest and John’s fist, his face twisted in an open-mouthed rictus of pleasure as the bliss explodes across every nerve, lights every cell on fire for a single timeless moment.
Sherlock returns his attention to John. “I know you’re angry. But this is the fastest way to get the information we need. We can save these lives, John. If that means making you angry, then I’ll pay that price.”
Out of nowhere, John suddenly remembers Magnussen’s smug, unctuous voice in his ear as he watched Sherlock drag him out of a lit bonfire.
An unwashed and tousle-haired Sherlock is in the midst of a packing peanut and bubble wrap explosion. There’s a fair-sized cardboard box on the floor, and he is holding a small glass vial up to the light when John wanders in.
“Of course I’m not going to kill him,” John sighs, peering out the window, willing a long black car to come around the corner. “I’m just very pissed off right now. And scared, yeah. Scared to death, in fact.”
“Will she be safe with Mary?”
John nods. “I was. How did you know that?”
Maybe, John thought, it was because in their day-to-day life Sherlock had become much more tolerable and pleasant in general, but this episode felt like one of the worst ever.
“No,” John says, sounding hopelessly sad and lost. “Sweetheart. I’m sorry.”
“That’s exactly the point, and you’re not getting it.” With a little grunt of effort, Sherlock turns onto his side to face John. “You rely so heavily on the framework of safewords and structured, formalized communication. I appreciate your thoroughness, I do. But you know me so much better than that. You knew I was fine, and if I hadn’t been fine, you would have known that too.” Sherlock tilts his head, his expression even and calm. “Like last time, when I started to panic. You saw that before I ever said a word, didn’t you.”
that.”
"That's all you have," John replies. “Make it good.”
Sherlock pulls a slender white envelope from the safe. “And last but not least. In fact, it’s exactly what we’re here for.” He opens a thin white envelope, extracts a single sheet of paper. “Here we are. The home birth affidavit for Lily Rose Kravitz, signed by her putative parents, Katherine and Adam Kravitz, and witnessed by the supposed birth attendant, Alice Dobrev, BSN. All filled out, ready to go, yet it hasn’t yet been submitted. Why is that, Mister Johnson?”
“The thing is,
He wiggles his toes experimentally, flexes his shoulders minutely. He doesn’t seem to be bound, nor restrained in any noticeable way, which is a bit surprising considering that’s the usual followup to the whole drugging and kidnapping bit.
He had made the list in a burst of determination to stop wallowing and get his life together. There are five numbered entries, written in thick black marker:
“Sherlock--” he begins, not even certain where the rest of the sentence is headed. “I didn’t--I haven’t--I wasn’t exactly planning on--”
“Oh,” Sherlock murmurs. “Oh,
“Ain’t his babysitter.” Lestrade pulls another bit of paper out of his pocket, begins to fiddle with it. “Don’t even know why the hell he was here.”
“Sorry, sir. Leaving now, sir.” His head disappears, and his clomping footsteps descend the stairway.
“I have no desire to talk to you,” he snarls. “Why on earth would I, after you went behind my fucking back, betraying me like a…” --He gestures at nothing with shaking hands, his voice loud and vicious.--“...like a god-damn
Sherlock shakes his head, snapping out of whatever cerebral feedback loop he’d been stuck in.
The inside of the house is clean and neat, every bit as stylish and photo-ready as the outside, but John is struck by the obviously recent addition of a layer of the paraphernalia and clutter new parenthood brings.
“I was going to fuck you with just spit,” he tells Sherlock, his voice a ragged rasp. “But no more punishment tonight. You’re being such a good little slut for me, I’m going spoil you properly, make you feel so good, make you come so hard.” He lines himself up, pushes in with a single long, slow slide. Sherlock gives a bitten-off moan, spine arching at the familiar, singular sensation.
They order Thai from the place two blocks over. Sherlock hovers in the doorway as John orders chicken satay and pad thai and green curry, and when he hangs up his mobile and slips it into his pocket he looks up at Sherlock and smiles, and Sherlock is almost overcome by his want, his absolute physical ache for this small, unassuming man.
Sherlock takes off his coat, hangs it up, and quietly slips into the bathroom to do as he was bid.
John jumps to his feet, knocking over the plastic cup of quarters he’d set down next to the fruit machine, spilling them everywhere, bouncing and jangling across the floor. The woman at the next machine turns in surprise at the commotion.
“Now I really, really need the loo,” John finally mumbles into the front of Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Glad to be shut of it,” Sherlock replies.
Sherlock nods, not opening his eyes.
John crouches in the shadows, heart sounding thunderously loud in his own ears, waiting to see if the screech of the bay door attracted any attention. A minute passes, then another. No one arrives to investigate.
John reaches out to take Sherlock’s free hand, guides it to his head in unmistakable intent as he pulls Sherlock’s body closer in encouragement, relaxing his throat to take him in fully as his cock pushes deep into his mouth, pressing against his soft palate, testing his gag reflex.
“What I’m asking for, it wouldn’t be anger,” Sherlock says.
“You are,” John says, not quite following the train of thought but, as always, trusting Sherlock to take him wherever he will. “Amazingly, gorgeously alive.”
He closes his eyes, a wave of exhaustion hitting him hard, washing over and through him. Not physically, exactly, but emotionally, maybe spiritually even, though he’s not the type of man who generally concerns himself overmuch with that kind of thing.
“Um, sure,” says John. “I can put the kettle on if you’d like.”
“Good,” John echoes. “We’ve established that, then.”
Very distantly, John registers the uptick in background noise as the first handful of agents arrive on scene, boots thudding and voices booming, British and American accents colliding and overlapping in the echoing space.
The kiss is fervent, heartfelt, but still closemouthed, uncertain, more than a little tentative. After a few more moments John breaks free, pulls back a bit to look at Sherlock.
“There’s something important I’d like to share.”
John stills his hand and pulls away, cheeks flushed, eyes dark. “You are a gorgeous, manipulative bastard,” he murmurs darkly, “but I am not giving in.” His fingers brush Sherlock’s hair, cards through his mad nimbus of curls. “Tomorrow night. Get something in for dinner. I’ll cook, if you like.”
John groans in pleasure beneath him and wraps his hot, sticky-slick fist around Sherlock’s cock, stroking him just how he likes, just this side of too rough, his thumb rubbing across the tip. The shivery-hot pleasure of it begins to wind up the base of Sherlock’s spine, insistent, undeniable.
“Oh good
“I know,” John replies. “I do. But I also know...” he pauses, considers how to best put his complicated thoughts into words. “This isn’t the end of the hard part. I know that. But I think we’ve survived the worst of it, made it through the roughest waters. It’s not the end, but it’s the end of the beginning. And maybe…maybe it’s overly optimistic, but I think maybe this is the beginning of everything else.”
it,” he breathes.
.  It always has been, since that very first day, when Greg announced a drugs bust and John had looked up, startled, into Sherlock’s angular and oddly attractive face, his silver-green eyes boring into him with such quiet intensity, and thought to himself,
It both hurts John horribly to see, and at the same time makes him feel incredibly frustrated and annoyed. Guilt for feeling negative soon follows -- after all, Sherlock is the one so clearly in pain.
Sherlock glances at him and quirks an eyebrow in silent agreement.
“What’s your name?” the woman asks, coaxingly, as if trying to entice a kitten forward to drink a saucer of milk.
“Which do you reckon is more likely?”
The Chief Inspector smirks, knowing he’s won. “No choice, mate.”
. “Why?”
“How much is it worth, retail?”
John flinches. Sherlock, to his everlasting credit, does not.
“Couldn’t be poker or craps or something I actually
The words cannot help but conjure up older, not-quite-healed wounds. There’s nothing to be done about that. John knows that. It happens, it will continue to happen. It is part of who they are, now.
“Behave yourself,” Sherlock replies, “and I’m sure you’ll get a nice Dilaudid for dessert.”
Sherlock raises his hips off the mattress, muscles of his flat belly flexing, and shimmies out of his boxer briefs, tossing them over the edge of the bed. He returns his attention to John, helping him out of his pants.
“I flirted with someone who wasn’t you,” he whispers to the floor.
Sherlock sighs in annoyance but tosses the pack down and rises from the bedclothes. He pulls on his jeans before snatching up his cigarettes and crossing the room toward the door.
somehow.
in order to rescue him.”
“You taste amazing,” John purrs, then places a hand on each of his inner thighs and spreads his legs even wider, opening him up completely for his insistent tongue.
He laughs a little, amused at himself.
Sherlock shrugs, not denying the accusation. “You’re feeling better, we’re not in that dreadful hospital, my hair is finally growing in -- though it’s a shambolic mess, what I wouldn’t give for a proper stylist -- and best of all, we’re back on the case.” Sherlock gestures at the bay window. “And also, though it’s not relevant whatsoever, it’s a beautiful day.”
“Hello?”
“You’re badly dehydrated and malnourished.” John begins, and Sherlock recognises the controlled, polite Doctor Voice John is using to distance himself from his anger and worry. “Injury-wise, they were very careful. Deep bruising, they really did a number on your legs and back, but no broken bones. Your kidneys really took a beating, we need to keep an eye on that, but otherwise no serious internal injuries.”
“Um. Well. Hm.” John takes his hand off Sherlock’s shoulder and gets to his feet, backs away a bit, giving himself some much-needed space.
“And I’m so glad for that, truly I am, and I hope you are too --”
“I apologise, Doctor,” Sherlock finally says, clearly unwilling, stiff and formal and transparently insincere. “I am not in my best frame of mind, clearly. As you said. Stress.”
“God, you’re beautiful,” murmurs John reverently, then licks a broad wet stripe up the underside of his shaft, tongues the weeping slit, tastes the salty bitter burst of precome gathering there. He slides his hand under his bollocks, caresses them gently as he slides his mouth around Sherlock’s hard cock.
"It's a tough business,” Sherlock states blandly. “Being an independent chemist these days. Takes a lot to stay competitive, I imagine.”
“I need to feel safe again,” Sherlock says. “I need to feel like I’m yours.”
“We’ll be fine. Just duck down a little and let me -- ” Sherlock bends his knees, lowering his torso, and John loops his stronger right arm around Sherlock’s neck. “Okay, now just kind of -- ”
“Arms up,” John says in a slightly softened version of his crisp, no-nonsense Doctor Watson voice. Sherlock complies wordlessly, and John grasps the hem of his worn t-shirt, tugging it up and over Sherlock’s head in one swift motion.
He rises, wanders out to the kitchen to find Sherlock utterly absorbed in whatever experiment he’s currently conducting, looking into the microscope and making cryptic notations in a cheap supermarket notebook.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock breathes against his skin, his voice a ragged whisper. “I’m sorry, I never should have let you go out alone, God, I’m so sorry.”
It suddenly occurs to John, with the blinding flash of unexpected epiphany, that both of those images are caricatures of the real man underneath. The real Sherlock isn’t either one of those extremes, but exists instead somewhere in between the two. He is, in the end, a very real, very wonderful, yet very flawed actual human being, and John’s desire to deny and avoid the more difficult truths about Sherlock’s nature isn’t helping anyone right now.
They’ve barely finished, and Sherlock is already thinking about how soon they can do this again.
D'Annibale turns to the technician. “Tamara, are you all right with this?”
His words are casually hurtful, but John hears the anxiety underneath.
clear. You may have scooped up Mycroft’s position, but the right to treat me like some kind of willful, obstreperous child? That belonged to my brother alone. And it died right along with him.”
“It’s time, love.” He picked the the large blue drawstring bag and dropped it gently next to Sherlock’s head, so he can hear the clicking rattle of the items within.
At one of the tables, two bored-looking, clearly unfriendly men stop their pool game to give them a decidedly unimpressed eye. John returns their stares, eyes steady, head held high as he passes.
The house is empty, the silver minivan gone. No dog barks at their approach. The front door is not only unlocked, it’s not even closed all the way, swinging open at Sherlock’s single push. The security system is turned off.
He tries the handle, finds it unlocked. He pounds down the steps, taking them two at a time despite his burning cramping thigh muscles. He doesn’t pause, doesn’t stop to reconsider or reflect before he flings open the final door at the very bottom of the last flight of steps, gun in hand, not bothering at all with quiet or stealth or subterfuge.
The pair fall silent as the spinner slices through sheets of heavy rain. John tries to stay removed, tries to maintain his calm, tries to not notice how good Sherlock smells despite the cigarette smoke clinging to him, sandalwood and oranges and something deeper underneath he can’t quite name.
"Nice of Mrs Hudson, but I’d have thought she’d go for something a bit more colourful,” John muses aloud as he returns to his book.
“Yes,” Sherlock moans rapturously. “Oh God, yes, don’t stop oh please don’t stop--”
“Likely on the phone with him as we speak,” Sherlock agrees. “We have to leave. Right now.”
sucking cock.
“You always bought it, though,” Sherlock points out. “Why would you buy something you don’t even like?”
“I know you didn’t tell her.” Sherlock softens his tone a fraction and takes a step towards Patricia. She doesn’t flinch, but her tears have been replaced by offended pique, eyes hard and wary. “You’ve been through a lot, and this is going to be a very difficult day, but I need to ask you for one more favour.” His eyes flick to John, and he nods minutely.
The kiss is slow, almost chaste, then John’s mouth opens to him and it feels like falling. It feels like dying. John tastes of loneliness and tears and scotch, and Sherlock considers it for just the space of a heartbeat.
“No, not at all,” Sherlock cuts in. “I’m actually saying you’re not a suspect. Nothing I’ve observed about you indicates you’re either that deceptive or that intelligent.”
This is how these incidents always go. He gets snatched up, dangled as bait for Sherlock Fucking Holmes to show up, and then ignored once His Majesty makes his appearance.
He feels dizzy and fuzzy as John wipes him clean with a soft towel, and he must be visibly shivering because John pulls the duvet and pillows from the bed and covers Sherlock, gently sliding a pilllow under his head.
Sherlock ignored Lestrade, studying John’s face intently, feeling as if, somehow, despite everything, he had never quite seen him before this moment. He reached out, cupped John’s chin in his large gloved hands and kissed him deeply, passionately, a kiss borne of desperation and fear and the spectre of loss.
“Come outside with me,” Sherlock says.
(He never speaks to anyone but Sherlock, though, if he can possibly help it; though he’s worked and lived with many Americans, there’s no way he can fake any sort of native accent, and he’s not going to embarrass himself with an attempt.)
“You’re very welcome,” says Sherlock, voice soft, a rumbly purr. “However,” he continues,“I didn’t perform that odious task to be remunerated solely by mere words of gratitude.”
“I’m tired, John, not brain-damaged. I know how to take a shower.”
It’s intense, terrifyingly so -- yet John finds it’s not sexual, exactly. It’s something far more bone-deep and profound. It’s
Sherlock peers closely at the young PC, making the man squirm a bit under the intensity of his gaze.
"No," John says.
“It was worth it, then, wasn’t it?” John said, a bit breathless but smiling. “Just to hear you say those words. It was worth it.”
Sherlock wonders briefly, then John slaps him again, a brilliant starburst of pain, making his eyes water. “No playacting at this.” He grabs Sherlock’s face and kisses him, hot and demanding, tongue invading his mouth for a brief moment before pulling away.
Sherlock conserved his battery, turned on his phone only twice a day, desperately hoping for a voicemail or a text. He had no bars, but if anyone could somehow magically place a mobile call during the apocalypse,  it would be his brother.
Every head in the room -- Lestrade, Donovan, the two newish forensic techs hovering uncertainly at the doorway -- swivels towards Sherlock and John in silent, not-exactly-covert surprise.
Sherlock says nothing, but he makes no move to stop Greg from talking.
“It’s certainly going to remain fresh in my memory for a day or two,” Sherlock replies dryly. He takes a drag of his Silk Cut, blows a stream of smoke into the cool night air.
As instructed, he doesn’t speak.
She studies John, squinting slightly as she tilts her head. “She looks like you. I don’t even know your name.”
Sherlock brings both mugs over to the bed, hands one to John, takes his own around to the other side of the bed, climbs in next to John without pretense or explanation.
“You really think?”
“I would call it a terrible time for this conversation.” John pauses. “Also, I love you and for the record you have no reason to be jealous at all. At
want me to find him, is what you’re saying?”
John cuts him off. “I know, love. It’s fine. We’re both--” John searches for the right words, fails. Instead he turns his head, finds Sherlock’s mouth with his own, and kisses him. Sherlock tastes terrible from cigarettes and dehydration, and John doesn’t care in the least.
Sherlock reaches into his pocket and pulls out a handful of serviettes plucked from the kitchen table. He takes John’s hand where it is balled in a fist on the blood-spattered denim of his thigh, gently unfurls his fingers, and gently places the paper squares in his trembling palm.
“Practical,” John replies with a smirk, gazing down at him with dark, hooded eyes as Sherlock takes him in hand, wrapping fingers around his hard length, nudging the foreskin fully back with his thumb. He looks up at John again as he rubs the head of his leaking prick obscenely across his mouth, precome trailing wet and shiny on his lips.
John darts between two slow-moving trolleys, crosses the street against the flashing DONT WALK sign, scanning the crowd--and then he sees her, flattening herself against a shadowy wall, trying to make herself invisible.
Sherlock grips the headboard harder. “Obedience,” he breathes.
The man’s fingers tighten on the grip. For a split second Sherlock stares down the muzzle of the Jericho 941 and thinks he may have badly miscalculated. He has a flash of terrible, bone-deep regret that he will break John’s heart yet again.
“Okay.” Seb swallows, squares his shoulders, and it breaks Jim’s heart to see him try so hard to be brave. “Okay, Jim.” He kisses his fingers and presses them to the vidscreen before ending the call.
A frosty moment passes.
He lights another cigarette with visibly shaking fingers.
“Okay, hold on, don't move, I just got you all arranged.”
“That sounds lovely,” John agrees fervently.
"Rajakovic,” he replies. “Luka Rajakovic."
“And, of course, I didn’t want to disappoint you even further, didn’t want to burden you with dealing with a drugs lapse on top of everything else.”
Both of them are correct, as it turns out.
In John's experience, actual phone calls involving Sherlock are invariably bad mojo, a certain harbinger of terrible doom. His tenuous, hard-won calm dissipates in an instant, the panic again rising up in his throat, threatening to strangle him.
“Um. What?”
“Yes, I--ahh--God, I love it,” Sherlock gasps. “It feels so good, it feels amazing.”
While waiting for the kettle to boil, John opens the fridge to find the milk and possibly something to make for breakfast. The first thing he notices is the smell; the second thing he notices is aside from the pint of milk in the door shelf, there is absolutely nothing in the refrigerator that is even remotely edible. He’s fairly certain most of it was never even food.
John looks away, takes a long pull of lager.
“No, thank you.” After a moment’s pause he takes a tentative sip. The peppery taste of the warm ginger tea soothes his rattled stomach almost instantly.
He stares at John for a long moment, as if he doesn’t quite believe what he sees with his own eyes.
Sherlock’s voice cracks on the last word; he breathes out hard, swipes at wet eyes with the unbuttoned sleeve of his shirt, grasping the cuff of it under folded fingers like a child.
“I apologise Mister Holmes, sir, I do,” the man pants, eyes wide and watering with pain. “I’m so sorry, I really am, I apologise -- ”
“Hasn’t even caught properly yet,” John replies.
Sherlock shakes his head a little, his fingers stroking up and down John’s spine in reassurance.
Mary is lying. Wherever she is going, John knows in his bones that she is lying.
“Tea, love?” she asks with a fond smile.
Time is growing short.
, don’t you see that?”
“That was an impressive shot, especially in such low light,” Sherlock offers, tentative, seeking absolution.
John asked him to get something for dinner, so under the nebulous concept of “being a good boyfriend” (is that what they are? Sherlock realizes he doesn’t know what they are, exactly, then rejects the whole line of thought as mostly tedious and more than a little unsettling) he undertakes a hated trip to Tesco.
“Young man,” she snaps, “what on earth have you done? It smells like the Grim Reaper himself in here.”
John opens the card. The short message is in the same black ink as the address on the envelope.
And Sherlock does,  kissing him slow and deep and utterly heartfelt, and something fizzy and incandescent bubbles up inside of John, an irrepressible optimism that maybe, somehow, given enough time and care and patience they might get this right.
John rises to consciousness with that bleary and disoriented feel one gets from sleeping like an absolute rock.
Lily stops squirming and looks up at him, expectant, seeming to understand that this is something important.
--” he breathes, suddenly enraged.
“Lestrade’s badge?”
Sherlock is silent for a moment as he gathers his thoughts. When he speaks again his voice is low, serious.
“Thank you,” Sherlock whispers, tightening his arm around John’s waist, pulling him even closer.
“You’re getting better,” John reminds him. “Don’t worry, you’ll be out terrorizing the dirtbags of London in no time.”
“I think, therefore I am,” Seb murmurs. Jim smiles in approval.
“All right,” John repeats.
“The electric lock at the front door is one-way, Miss Hackforth?”
“Why?” Sherlock challenges.
Even now, though he’s aware of their level of notoriety (not 'fame', God how he hates that word, hates the very concept), he’d much rather choose to ignore the fact that there is a set of complete strangers out there who are far too excessively interested in his and Sherlock’s lives, and the key to keeping up that level of deliberate ignorance is avoiding social media like the plague it truly is.
John’s instincts in this are unerring and it’s working, the pain and violence opening a clean sharp cut in Sherlock’s psyche, draining the colour and noise out of his world, leaving him with gorgeous dark-edged simplicity.
“I suppose not,” John says. “You’re a very perceptive woman, Patricia.”
John finds the remote, flicks on the telly, flips through the channels as they eat dumplings and sweet and sour chicken in bed, washed down with cans of Sprite gone lukewarm and a bit flat. It’s full dark outside but still early, just closing in on eight pm, but John is remarkably knackered. He supposes it makes sense, though when he thinks about it. Getting knocked out, kidnapped
Sherlock goes still, just for the briefest of moments.
The very few times John has attempted even the most minor contact, a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder or a brushing of fingers against his hand, Sherlock freezes, going still and watchful, his pulse jumping visibly along the pale column of his throat.
He stops, vaguely embarrassed, vaguely angry, and not at all sure where he’s going with this.
“If you were awake, John, I know what you would say. You would say,
He wraps his arms around Sherlock’s slender waist; they hold each other tightly for a long time, entwined in each other, swaying almost imperceptibly as John weeps, silently, against Sherlock’s warm soft skin.
“I’m okay, John,” Sherlock replies. “I am. I swear.”
“Then I came back here, and I saw all this shit from a life I never wanted, and Jesus. I’m so tired of being alone, and I miss you so much, all the time I miss you. I miss you so much that I cope by pretending you’re here, and how fucked up is that? I’ve been talking to an imaginary you just to get by because I’m not right unless I’m with you and I don’t even remember why I’m here by myself and it just felt like...fuck, it’s just all too much, I can’t do this anymore. I’m so lonely and I’m so angry, Sherlock, and I’m so tired of feeling like this, I don’t want to feel like this anymore and
The darkened room around him spins alarmingly.
“Get close to her how?” John asks instead, keeping his tone carefully neutral.
Sherlock groans at the terrible pun, but there’s amusement there.
On the far wall, the interior door’s single window admits a square of grayish light. John threads his way carefully between the vans, stands on tiptoe to see if he can glimpse anything through the window. All he can see is a section of grubby, nondescript hallway, lit by fluorescent tubes.
John is suddenly struck with the almost unbearable ugliness of what they’re actually discussing, of how they’re both shielding themselves from Sherlock’s truth with oblique, bloodless language.
(The fact that Mycroft himself agreed wholeheartedly with this assessment is what keeps John’s conscience from eating him alive.)
Something inside John’s chest feels splintery, jagged, the sharp edges digging into his diaphragm, making it hard to breathe.
“Mostly vegetarian,” he admits, “with the occasional lapse. But, I am seriously considering going vegan.”
“Well,” says Sherlock, “Not exactly alone.”
, John thinks, over and over, feeling unable to move from that singular thought.
Not inclined to disagree, and knowing that particular doctor will likely never again speak a full sentence in Sherlock’s presence, John makes a mental note to request his own records for review when he’s feeling a bit more up to it. At the present moment, however, the demands of the past twenty minutes have left him feeling pathetically wiped out again, and he’s soon falling back to sleep as Sherlock pokes at his phone and mutters to himself about shoddy American healthcare and the the dangerously lax acceptance standards of Caribbean second-tier medical schools.
John sighed. “I want to do so many things to you,” he said softly. “But first, I’m going to do the one thing you actually don’t want me to do.”
The kettle boils. He fishes a mug and a teabag out of the cluttered cupboards, fixes himself a cuppa he knows he won’t drink, and takes it into the sitting room. He puts his mug and mobile on the side table, lowers himself into his lumpy, comfortingly familiar armchair with a bone-tired sigh.
“What, again?” Mrs Hudson shakes her head. “Well, go find him, dear. “
“All right,” John agrees, and puts his mobile on the corner of the sink. He applies pressure to the injury and waits, occasionally wrapping a fresh towel around the layers of thick fabric swaddling his arm. Thirsty and lightheaded, he rinses out the mug used to hold toothbrushes, fills it with tap water, and drinks it down.
, he discovers, with a sudden burst of overwhelming gratitude and devotion.
“Implants,” John says, hating the hurtful edge in his voice but unable to stop. “Those aren’t your memories. They’re Mycroft’s cousin’s.”
“I do,” he says quietly. “Do you have any idea what you’ve done to me in turn?”
“Just nice?” he asks, looking up, his black ringed eyes meeting hers in the mirror, his tone holding just a hint of playful flirtation.
(Apparently 70-year-old Mr Davidson had caught been messing about with their housekeeper. “You know what I think?” says Mrs Hudson indignantly. “I think it’s those--” she drops her voice to a stage whisper--”
He is surly and abusive, deduces her Sloane Ranger past and multitudinous daddy issues, but Katie is made of sterner stuff.
Sherlock presses a hand against his back, soothing and steadying.
The release, the satisfaction of destruction is enormous. John opens the cabinets and hurls mugs, bowls, tumblers against the far wall. When the dishes and glasses are reduced to shards he pulls the clock off the wall, throws appliances across the room.
Sherlock goes back to his work; John finishes his biscuit, follows with another gulp of tea before placing the mug back on the table. A sudden wave of tiredness washes over him, and he grows acutely aware how much he’s overexerted himself today. He closes his eyes for a moment, and is surprised when he wakes just slightly to find Sherlock has covered him with the chenille throw blanket draped over the couch.
“I can’t live without you,” Sherlock says into the sweat damp skin of John’s shoulder. “You’re my whole life.”
“Just brought a little something to welcome you home, dear,” she burbles happily. “I can’t tell you how happy I am, oh and this one, he’s a mess without you here, I don’t mind telling you.”
Freak. Psycho.
I won’t, not ever,
After, they sit in their armchairs before a blazing fire, absolutely stuffed full of food and drowsy. John stretches out his sock feet, almost touching Sherlock’s chair with his toes.
“You know what’s coming,” he says, “and you know you deserve it, so you can just chew on that for a bit. But you will do so in
He picks it up.
“Whitman,” John breathes.
“You look nice,” Sherlock murmurs, unguarded. “You smell nice,” he continues, softly, then catches up with himself and blushes, charmingly, bright spots of colour blooming high on his pale cheeks.
“No,” says Sherlock. “Not at all.”
John rises from the couch, crosses the room to his chair and grabs the tartan throw from the back before returning to his space on the couch, wrapping the slightly tatty blanket around his shoulders and reaching for the popcorn on the coffee table with his right hand.
“You’re right,” Sherlock says slowly, as if considering. “I’m not, and I’d do well to remember that.” He looks over at John and smiles, but it doesn’t quite touch the sadness in his eyes.
“What, exactly, isn’t fair?” John asks, eyes crinkling in suspicious confusion.
Such a simple touch, just a gesture of sincere affection. It shouldn’t affect John the way it does, sparks of electricity traveling up his fingers, lighting up something private and secret in his brain.
They stand motionless for a long, unspooling moment, gazing into each other’s eyes and grinning rather moonily, the badly beaten murderer moaning at their feet completing the romantic tableau.
“I  just wanted you to know--you could kiss me again,” John tells him. “I mean, if you wanted.”
“And you were quite willing to take advantage of her particular set of skills.”
“I…” John shakes his head, suddenly feeling very badly, like he’s once again judged Sherlock unfairly. “I don’t know why I would think that. It’s not. Of course it’s not.”
“Don’t fight it,” John murmurs. “Just give in. It’s going to feel so good when you come, isn’t it? So much pleasure, just for you. All you have to do is let me. Just let me make you come.”
“No,” he pleads, shaking his head "Please, no."
They thrust against each other for several long lovely minutes, enjoying themselves. John’s warm hands roam boldly over Sherlock’s bare body, the feel of his roughened fingertips welcome and familiar as they kiss. John breaks away, panting a little.
“I don’t know,” Greg sighs. “I guess you could try something outlandish and, you know, trade in some of the drama for actually talking to one another.”
John opens his mouth to answer, to defend his choices, but Lestrade cuts him off. “Later,” the DI snaps. “I’ve got enough to deal with at the moment.” He gestures at Lee’s blackened corpse. “I take it this is Dr Lee?”
“I…” John groans quietly as Sherlock’s teeth graze against his ear, wet tongue tasting his earlobe. “I’m just making sure.”
“Which is precisely why I’m so concerned. You’re mistaking formal education for sound judgment.” Sheldon’s voice softens just slightly as he tries a different tack. “We’re prone to that error, Doctor Watson. You know that. We’re clinicians, not superheroes and definitely not immortal.”
Lestrade is on the other side of the dead man, arms crossed as he watches Sherlock work.
John cups one hand around the sharp curve of his hip, fingertips pressing into the delicious springy flesh of his arse. He wraps the fingers of his other around the base of Sherlock’s straining cock, guiding it to his lips, pausing for a moment to lick the single shiny, briny-bitter drop of precome from the slit before taking him into his mouth, making his slim frame shudder with silent pleasure.
His words are still in the air when the door opens and a familiar, dark-haired and smartly-suited woman walks into the room as if she owns it.
“Yes, love?” John sighs, carefully patient.
“Well, I ‘elp out a bit,” Wiggins amends smoothly.
Realizing his mind is wandering a bit, John comes back to the present moment and blinks. He realizes Sherlock is still waiting for him, the most impatient man he’s ever met waiting patiently for his words, for his direction.
“Yes, love.”
As if reading John’s thoughts, Sherlock closes his eyes again, nods resignedly.
There is an emergency exit door at the ground floor stairwell. A hasp closure is welded to the door as well as the frame, secured with a heavy padlock.
Everyone else around her ignores the commotion entirely, their attention fixated on perpetuating their own compulsive risk-and-reward loops instead.
John looks away quickly. He doesn’t look over at Sherlock. He’s not sure he could bear what he would see reflected in his eyes.
John has been with others before, of course, both women and men. He was even married for several years, but he sees now how he always felt somehow remote from them, even when intimate, his true self locked behind some kind of invisible wall, at a remove even when touching and kissing and making love. He sees now that before Sherlock he has never really felt much more than a distant, vague affection; touching Sherlock is like moving from pale greys to exploding Technicolor. John has never felt like this before, never felt this inexorable need to taste and touch and explore, this desire to give pleasure, this need to wring delicious pleading noises from his lips, to make him tense and tighten and come over and over again.
“What the FUCK,” the injured man bellows, and chaos erupts.
John cracks open one eye.
Sherlock rakes fingers through disheveled curls, and he shakes his head, the barest ghost of a smile still on his lips.
Heart pounding, John takes a step towards the kitchen sink in order to peer through the wide greenhouse window, half-expecting to see the strobing lights of marked police cars despite Sherlock’s words.
“And?”
John nods.“What about him?” he asks.
Sherlock stares at him for a long moment before turning and walking--not flouncing, not running, just calmly walking-- back into the bedroom. He closes the door quietly but firmly. He turns the lock and arranges himself on the bed, flat on his back with fingers steepled under his chin, and tries to calm his raging emotions.
“Well. Okay,” John murmurs as he complies, finding Sherlock’s mouth with his own and kissing him again, deeply, before sliding his lips to his long pale neck, sucking a bruise into the delicate, scraped-pink skin of this throat. He’s drowning in sensation, in taste and aroma, the intoxicating scent of shaving cream and soap and the ghost of tobacco smoke, and the sandalwood and musk notes that are the essence, somehow, of Sherlock himself.
“I honestly have no idea what’s waiting for us upstairs,” John tells Sherlock.
“You’re so fucking gorgeous,” John murmurs, his voice barely a hoarse whisper. “You’re so fucking beautiful like this. My beautiful pet, my beautiful boy.” He nudges Sherlock’s thighs wider with his hands, takes hold of himself, nudges the head of his wet cock into the cleft of his arse. “Are you ready for me?”
The thing is, he kind of...can, somehow.
“Then shut up,” breathes Sherlock, “and
“No,” Sherlock replies from behind the closed door.
“At times. Human behavior is all too often horrifying. But so fascinating. Who can resist?”
Sherlock doesn’t answer him right away, but he tightens his hold on John just a little, his breathing deepening as he gives the question the serious consideration it deserves.
John’s eyebrows disappear into his hairline and his face instantly flushes deep pink, but to his credit he somehow barely manages to not choke on his drink. Swallowing carefully, John sets his wine glass down and takes a breath before answering.
John enters the bathroom; the cheap fluorescent light on the tiled wall hums and crackles. Sherlock is kneeling by the bathtub, peering at the bottom.
He’s indescribably beautiful like this, angelic and obscene, and all John can find to say is “Oh, God. Fuck, Sherlock,
“I really am,” John chimes in. “Couldn’t be better, in fact, so can everyone here dial it back just a notch, please, and put the murder hardware away for the moment?”
Sherlock nods in the affirmative, not yet trusting himself to speak.
The room is a disaster; scribbled bits of paper, photographs, and receipts are taped to the wall above the television.
“Oh fuck, oh god, yes, please,
John presses soft kisses to his trembling lower abdomen, then moves lower, nosing at the crease between his right leg and groin, pressing his face into the fabric of his pyjama bottoms, inhaling deeply, the scent of his clean musky maleness stronger here, mixing with the floral notes of detergent and soap, and the intimacy of it all, of smelling him like this, sends shivers of arousal down john’s spine, making his belly tense and tighten and and his cock spring back to full attention.
“Um,” John attempted to calm his breathing, organize his thoughts. “No. Not a bit. If you don’t mind me asking, though. What about that, um... appeals to you?”
“You could do me a favour in the meantime,” Sherlock says, fingers already flying over the keyboard.
John chuckles indulgently. “Does that make it heaven or hell?” he asks.
“I sense a ‘but’ coming,” John prompts gently.
The replicant is dead before he hits the pavement.
“Not the name of a patient here,” he reports. “That didn’t seem overly likely in the first place.”
to get caught up in a bank robbery.
Sherlock suddenly realises he’s absolutely fucking starving.
“Do you want to use it?” he asks.
“If I don’t--” John’s brain catches up with what Sherlock is trying to say. “Oh, God. Sherlock. I--of course I mean it.” He kisses Sherlock’s cheek gently, almost chastely, combs his fingers through the soft dark hair behind his ear. “How can you not know that I--oh, you brilliant daft creature. Of
“Secrets,” he says, tossing the drive into the air and catching it, the very picture of nonchalance. “Every member of City Council, every district attorney, every prosecutor. The chief of police. The mayor. Development contracts, gentrification plans, secret sweetheart deals. Every corner of this town is riddled with crony corruption, and all the information you need to take advantage of it is right here. You want to play Robin Hood, Mister Martinez? With data like this, you would have leverage over every deep pocket and every decision maker in Atlantic City. You could be the king of this sad little sandbox, if you so wished.”
I called that one well, by the way: she’s still delightful, and now his wife. But I digress…
“Presumably he thought you could use my help.” Sherlock shrugs, just the slightest lift of one shoulder. “And generally speaking, the rules don’t much apply to Mycroft Holmes.”
Sherlock sighs, quiet and soft.  “You’re probably right,” he replies, his voice low and roughened.
“You don’t want me in the frame of the vidphone if you have to make a call,” Sherlock observes.
“Thank God,” John mutters, diving in to kiss him again, bolder this time, more assertive, flicking his tongue against the closed seam of Sherlock’s lips in encouragement. Sherlock whimpers, once, low in his throat, as he opens his mouth to John, the kiss growing wetter and freer as their tongues taste each other for the first time, and the heat blazes up inside John as his mind connects to his body and he gets the message at last, electricity in every nerve cell as he feels it, truly feels Sherlock’s desire for him for the very first time.
“Faint praise, but I’ll take it,” murmurs John with a smile.
John sighs. Loudly. “Boys. We are not discussing this now. Or later. Or possibly ever, but definitely not now.”
“God, yes.
“It’s warm,” John says, knowing full well Glenn just brought it to him, but momentarily and irrationally piqued at being told what to do. “And I’m not thirsty, I’m hungry.”
Sherlock narrows his eyes even further at the woman as he pulls something crumpled and pale green out of his front jeans pocket, tosses it onto the coffee table in front of the sofa. “A flower arrangement, left at the doorstep of my hotel room an hour after John was taken. It wasn’t much of a deductive leap to discover the the largest wholesale floral distribution company in Southern New Jersey is owned by a
John knows, viscerally, that while he profoundly regrets Mycroft’s death and agonises over Sherlock’s razor-edged grief, he would do it all over again in a heartbeat. He would sacrifice Mycroft Holmes ten, twenty, one hundred times over to keep Sherlock Holmes safe.
“Yes,” Sherlock murmurs, breathy and needy. “Yes, please.”
John understands exactly, precisely the reassurance he is looking for, his need to find an anchor, to tie a lifeline to their real selves, their real lives left behind in London. He feels exactly the same.
John suddenly feels rather pathetic, hanging around Baker Street for two hours uninvited in the hopes Sherlock would show up.
This has nothing to do with an Alford plea, whatever that is.
Sherlock tilts his head, gives him a look of unvarnished concern. “Do you think you’re going to take a shower?” he asks.
John eyes his stiff, wet prick and smirks just the tiniest bit, sliding a hand in between his thighs to stroke and tug at his bollocks. Sherlock moans and shamelessly spreads his legs wider in supplication.
“You cooked. That’s a big deal.”
“You’re finally awake.” The voice is low pitched, raspy but still feminine, coming from the doorway at the far end of the room. “Thank goodness. I was starting to worry.”
“You don’t know that,” John counters.
“On the contrary,” Sherlock murmurs. “I find him remarkably wise.”
He does not act on the impulse. Instead, he briefly closes his eyes, taking in a deep, calming breath.
John doesn’t have the energy to fight, so he shuts up.
He shrugs, lifts the glass to the bartender in a mock salute, and drinks.
with how not in the mood he is at this moment. John can’t see his face, so Sherlock indulges himself in an extravagantly exasperated eye roll. Of all the things that would add to his general annoyance...
“You know who we've are, tracked us down, and you’re not looking to--I don’t know. Eliminate us? Take us out?”
“I wish that were the case, but it’s not. It’s not just about you and me. You have people who love you, who want to protect you. If I come here to stay, she’ll be poisoning my tea within a day.”
Sherlock shakes his head. “No,” he says. “I mean, I kissed Janine, but that was just… it wasn’t like
There are two white vans, both Ford Econostar as Wiggins said. John creeps around to the other side of the van nearest him; the right side of the rear bumper is crumpled, the panel above it dented. He pulled out his phone and dashes off a quick text to Lestrade.
Sherlock doesn’t answer with words, instead pressing his face into the crook of John’s shoulder in wordless gratitude for John’s forgiveness. They lie together like that for a quiet minute. Sherlock strokes the back of John’s hand with his thumb.
He doesn’t send them away because watching his parents find joy in his daughter brings him joy, and that revelation has blindsided him, caught him completely unawares.
But Sherlock doesn’t know how to put any of that into words, let alone in a text message. He closes the text app and puts the phone down, picks it up, puts it down again. He huffs in annoyance.
"Suppose so."
“My parents thought so,” Evelyn replies, favouring him with a small, genuine smile. “But, if you like, I suppose you could still call me Anthea. Bit of a joke, you know. Between friends.”
“Indeed,” Sherlock intones flatly.
“Oh no,” John says. “Eyes open and looking at me. I want you to look at me and know who owns you.”
“Well,” John says with a smile, unsure how to reply, and kisses him back instead. Sherlock wraps an arm around his waist, pulling him close.John can’t help but give a bit of a hiss at the friction against his painfully stiff prick, trapped between their bodies.
“I like Coco Pops,” John snaps defensively.
“She’s his wife.”
Not yet
“Come on,” Sherlock murmurs to him, and steers him into the sitting room, towards the sofa. Sherlock sits down. John stands in front of him, still looking uncertain.
“Adequate,” Sherlock pronounces with just a bit of a wheeze. “Though I find it lacks the sophisticated notes of, say, a quality hand sanitizer.”
Makes a pained face, sputters just a little, shakes his head.
“Well. Um. Good to know, I guess,” says John, looking up at the night sky, seemingly a bit at a loss for words.
“Are you okay?” Sherlock asks him.
Sherlock keened in pain as the blood flooded back to the numb, pinched area.
Naked, Sherlock is every bit as glorious as John imagined. The thin trail of hair on his lower abdomen leads to a thatch of thick, dark curls; his cock, a bit longer than average and as slender as the rest of him, is dusky pink and so hard it’s pressed into his lower abdomen, the foreskin fully retracted, the wet head smearing fluid against his belly. Underneath, his bollocks are dusted with sparse, dark hair, full and firm, already pulling up tight against his body.
“Breathe slow and deep, and focus on your senses,” John tells him. “On your body, instead of your mind.”
“No, I don’t believe you are,” he says, then closes the file folder in front of him. “I’ve not checked your references yet, but as far as I’m concerned Sherlock Holmes is the only reference I need. He’s a good friend to my people and a good man.”
“Oh, it’s so nice to see you!” Patricia beams at him as she adjusts her shoulder bag, flips her long dark hair over one shoulder. “You’ll be so glad you came here. This is the only decent juice bar in town. We’re only two hours from New York, but there’s not many worthwhile vegan spots. Are you vegan?”
It’s actually quite lovely, in this flattering rose-gold light of early morning.
“Yeah, you’re going to hurt all over tomorrow, I bet,” John murmurs. “Are you up for a bath, do you think?”
“It’s really nothing,” John protested. “Honestly, Sherlock.”
Sherlock’s right. Totally, undeniably right.
.” Sherlock’s voice is cracking with stress and frustration. “And now we’ve got nothing.”
And John hadn’t ever been able to take that step outside themselves, never been able to get that perspective.
Sherlock’s pale silver eyes bore holes in him. “We have to keep her close,” he says, his voice tired and resigned. “Keep her complacent. Make her think she’s safe. If she thinks you’re working against her…” his eyes drift downward to the blank drive. “She’d kill you without a moment’s hesitation to protect herself. Don’t doubt it for a second. You’ve seen what she really is.” His voice softens, almost pleading. “Don’t allow sentiment to cloud your judgment about what you must do.”
“Such as?”
“You’re very good to me, John.”
Sherlock wonders, not for the first time, gazing at his impossibly perfect lover. How can this man next to him--a mild, middle-aged doctor with silvering hair and reading glasses--how can he be the same wild-eyed, filthy-tongued being who dominates him so completely, who owns him so utterly? How can these two beings coexist in the same body? The contradiction of it all, the tangle of mystery that is the hidden, unknowable heart of John Watson--the very idea is overwhelming, complex and beautiful, and Sherlock can’t help but grin in foolish, besotted fondness.
His first name, written over Sherlock’s heart.
“At Patricia Hackforth’s favourite smoothie shop. She goes out for lunch every day at 1:30 pm, and she gets a wrap and smoothie here several days out of the week. Her filled punch card was on her desk next to her handbag. She’s planning on coming here today.”
Sherlock sighs but drops into the kitchen chair, unscrewing the cap on the water bottle. John turns and ducks into the bathroom, using the toilet and washing his hands before swiping a toothbrush hurriedly around his mouth.
John seriously considers phoning Lestrade, to the point of his thumb hovering over his number on speed dial. But he doesn’t do it. He discards the idea as ridiculous, not to mention selfish. It’s the middle of the night, and the poor man doesn’t get near enough sleep as it is.
“Um...shower’s all yours,” Sherlock finally says, just to break the tension of the moment.
“I’m in a bar down in the First Sector,” John continues. “Taffey’s, right on the line.”
“Morning at home, then.”
He licks his lips, nods assent.
“John,” he croaks through parched lips. “there’s a tube sticking out of my chest.”
” He curls his fingers around Sherlock’s skull, tugging him up for a fevered kiss, the lust and desire surging up in him at the thought this beautiful man had been wanting him for so long, since that very first day. He had wanted Sherlock too that day, and badly, but he had been unable to see past a socially awkward man’s first, reflexive refusal.
Sheldon shakes his head and turns back to John, nostrils actually flaring in irritation. John cuts him off before he can say anything else.
Her blue eyes are sharp as they focus on John’s supine form on the couch. The look she gives him isn’t
“Indeed. A pleasure to meet you.”
“Follow me, gentlemen.”
Sherlock cries out as his hips and spine flex and push in ancient instinctive rhythm, meeting each one of John’s thrusts. He’s pinned helplessly in between the two axis points of their bodies as John pleasures him, his cock pistoning into him and the slick friction of his hand stroking his prick, each push and pull and thrust bringing him close,
“We used to be okay at it, didn’t we?” John says instead, as much for himself as for Sherlock. “We lost the knack of it is all. We can get it back.” He reaches out, covers the back of Sherlock’s larger hand with his own. “I know we can get it back.” John gives him a small smile, trying to lighten the weight of it all. “And for the record, you don’t ever need to apologise for telling me how you feel. Especially if how you feel involves you doing more cooking and washing up, then believe me, I’m all for it.”
“Yes” was all he said.
John hadn’t corrected Harry’s use of the word “husband” because,
“Hm, yet, I do believe it brings some added value to me, to be your husband is just… befitting” commented Sherlock, and John kissed him there and then, further proving to their daughter how much they loved one another.
, John Watson,
it was only them in the living room, Rosie still moving plates in the kitchen, as far as John could tell.
“You were awfully distracted back there, John, don’t think I didn’t notice”
shoulder until they reached 221B Baker St.
But Sherlock hadn’t, because he brought it up later that night, while John panted and tried not to move, after a particularly intense love session that left him both breathless and mind-blown.
And neither of them got to say anything else, because the next thing was Rosie waltzing into the living room, jumping into her Dada’s arms as soon as she saw him, and Sherlock’s whole attention went to
There was not a proposal, per se, and John has a theory that, hadn’t Harry been so loose mouthed that day, there wouldn’t have been a marriage at all - really, the didn’t
“Oh, Sherlock, love, look at me” Sherlock picked up his gaze from where he was buried in John’s neck, John made sure to look at him in the eyes before continuing, and when he saw the fear in Sherlock’s eyes, mixed with a bit of embarrassment, and yet another tiny bit of anxiety, it made John’s breath catch in his throat, because, how could Sherlock ever
occasionally
“If there’s anything else you’d like to see on this body?” John shook his head “very well, then, Detective Inspector…er, Moon, is it. I’ll need to know of the victim’s friends, family, whatever you have, please have a file sent to our address, we’ll be heading out, now” Sherlock stretched his hand out to John, who took it immediately, and followed his husband out of the scene, with Lestrade’s substitute DI on their heels.
“You may have noticed, that I’m slightly fixated with the use of that word as of late”
“Goodnight, aunty Harry” Smiled Rosie, she blowed a kiss to the screen, and disappeared into the kitchen to help her father.
- with all of this, and he didn’t think he’d ever need or want anything else, all in all, he had managed to create a family and be with the person he loved, and have a pseudo-normal life, he didn’t care much for how people saw him and Sherlock, those who knew they were a couple were happy for them -
And he forgot about the whole husband thing short after.
how much John loved him, Sherlock was
“Dada has been teaching me how to play the violin!” Said Rosie, excited to tell this news to anyone who would listen, they were nested in their living room, with John’s laptop on the coffee table, facing them both on the couch.
“Well, it’s getting late over here, we better get started on some supper. Rosie, would you help me set the table, please?” John put on a tender smile, trying not to be alarmed at the fact that Sherlock hadn’t returned.
“Well, not that you couldn’t do that before, I’ve always been yours, you know” John nodded.
“Hmm? Really?” And the sarcasm and amusement in John’s voice were such. Sherlock scoffed.
“Aw, worried about your hubby, are you?” John rolled his eyes.
Sherlock frowned, he hated repeating himself, his husband knew this.
treated them to a small reception, with only their closest people in attendance.
“The name’s Sherlock Holmes, this is my husband, Dr. John Watson. Now, I request you let us further inspect the body, I need to get as much out of it as possible while the scene is fresh”
They were on a case, after all, and case-mode Sherlock needed him to be case-mode John, business as usual.
Neither did Sherlock. And on that faithful day over five years ago when
John was happy -
“Quite so, I’ve got everything I needed from the scene… that Moon lad, he’s a bit odd, though as long as he cooperates…”
for the most irrelevant reasons, he’d introduce himself as he had just done, or vice versa, introducing John first, followed by “I’m his husband, Sherlock Holmes” and the pride in his tone,
to anyone who would listen.
Sherlock snorted. Then frowned.
Sherlock did, apparently.
“we do, this is just a formality, it won’t really change much” John explained
“And you are…?”
John Watson,
And since the moment they were pronounced husband and husband, Sherlock’s whole vocabulary had somehow managed to accommodate the word in his every sentence.
“I was thinking about our marriage”
make a thing of going back to Vienna at least once a year because, anniversaries, love - by the end of their ten days, they were both eager for a murder, to solve something, to hear that, somewhere in London, in England, something had gone terribly wrong, and they were someone’s last resort.
they were indeed.
- people in the internet would talk, crazy theories they didn’t encourage nor denied, this far up in time, with both of them reaching the half century mark sooner than not, who the fuck cared for how they addressed each other.
just how proud he was of their recent nuptials that night, of how much he loved Sherlock addressing him as
“Well, love, look around you, we are pretty much like a married couple”
you’ve been together for five years, John, what exactly were you expecting. They were older now, in a committed, exclusive relationship, they lived together, payed bills together, solved crimes together, they had a
“Where’s that husband of yours, anyways? Off on some crime scene?” Harry was awfully fond of Sherlock, for saving her brother of a dull life. And if she only knew, John would think at times.
They were on FaceTime, one of Harry’s favorite things to do, because she got to see Rosie and her brother at the same time, and she truly felt close to them, despite her being in America, having moved there after finding love in the arms of a forty-something woman from Ohio. They would visit London twice a year, but this video-calls were their best bet in staying in touch, and they would do them on the least once every other week.
Fuck,
Sherlock muttered a “Great observation, Dr. Watson, indeed…” and carried off with the rest of his deductions. The detective in charge of the investigation puzzled by Sherlock’s ranting, but mesmerized nonetheless.
it was all harmless teasing, but John was genuinely starting to worry. Just as he finished his thought, Sherlock walked through their flat’s front door, his hair more muzzled than usual, probably from the wind, he smiled at the sight of John, but didn’t say anything, as he quickly noted the laptop, and deduced Harry at the other end of the screen. John smiled back, and a breath of relief escaped him.
John blushed, and then frowned. “She does that all the time, she’s just joking” he explained, not following why Sherlock cared about this.
“No, John, I forgot to mention, I’ve been in another loving relationship these last five years, and I’m thinking on marrying that other lad.” John frowned, the sarcasm was uncalled for, but it also let John know how vulnerable he was making Sherlock feel, and, hating being the cause of any discomfort to Sherlock, he picked up quickly.
, John still couldn’t help the warmness that’d take over his whole being when hearing Sherlock say those words.
because, bloody hell, John, we are not getting any younger here, well, John still had no idea of what he was getting into, but Sherlock had a point, and so he jumped in, blindfolded, let it be whatever the hell it was supposed to be.
“I believe sentiment has finally caught up with me” Sherlock sighed, ironic, John simply laughed, and intertwined their fingers together.
Until two weeks ago he was John Watson, army doctor, Dr.Watson,
John looked around, not really observing as much as pretending he was, for the sake of looking useful.
could that ever work, he didn’t know.
- to register Sherlock’s sentence.
“I guess…” John frowned, Sherlock didn’t
“Yes, yes, lovely, as I said, time for supper, Harry, we’ll talk to you again, later”
“But you were right” Sherlock loved being right “it does have an added value, a bit hard to explain, it just, it feels right”
bring John any feeling of longing, nor did it make him feel warm when he’d think of himself as Sherlock’s husband, not that he’d think about it, of course.
“Everything all right, love?” He asked, once they were both settled in their cab.
“No, just… he usually texts when he’s on his way back”
And it was Sherlock’s turn to stutter. “Y-yes?”
He certainly didn’t hold back from showing
“Of course not, you idiot” he faced Sherlock and kissed him at the top of his curls, briefly noticing the graying hairs on it “I was just thinking on how happy it makes me, to call you my husband, to call myself yours”
“You have not corrected her” Was the first thing Sherlock said to him
And who cared, Sherlock probably had it figured out already, it had been five minutes.
He made sure to leave enough marks on his detective’s neck and wrists, so no one would have the faintest doubt of how happily
“He didn’t choke” John said, somewhat aware of Sherlock’s latest deduction on the body laying in front of them. Sherlock shot him a questioning look, inciting him to continue, “Had he choked, the would be more swelling around his throat, from the struggling and possible coughing, maybe poisoning…”
“Marriage, John, I’d like to be married”
He bloody loved it, all right, loved knowing that Sherlock was as proud of their union as he was, it was just a tad odd to have him refer to him in that way while on a case. The first real case since they came back from their enforced honeymoon - Mummy Holmes had insisted, and John knew that if they didn’t take the opportunity then, they would be gray (er) and old (er) before their next chance for a vacation ever knocked.
, for god’s sake. His own flesh and blood, who recognized Sherlock as “Dada” since she was two years old, their perfect, beautiful daughter whose eyes would light up whenever either of them entered the room.
“Oh? Sorry, what did you say?”
, John thought, Sherlock never missed a beat, specially when it came to him. “What had you so preoccupied?”
Sherlock’s breath caught.
he remembers hearing from, well,
“…I think it’s something I’d like” he heard Sherlock said, and it took John a second -
“Lestrade should be back in two weeks” John commented, Sherlock nodded nonchalantly. Unwilling to admit he’d be missing their usual DI while he was on his own vacation.
“To… to me?” Great, he was stuttering.
It turned out to be wonderful. And natural, and simple, and everything John secretly fantasized loving Sherlock would be like, maddening at times, frustrating, helpless, when Sherlock would go through dark periods, when John couldn’t bare with loss, with his own demons, sometimes. But it was also all shades of beautiful, and domestic, and so, so worth it, just to arrive home after a day at work to find Sherlock and Rosie curled up in a couch, napping, or reading, or watching telly, it was worth it to get to hold Sherlock every night in their bed, to share a kiss every morning, when passing by each other, before he went to the surgery.
