“Shhh!  Do not say such things.  You know it is forbidden for slaves to wield weapons.  Someone might hear you.  They would perhaps not understand you are merely remembering your old life, as you are wont to do. This I know,” Cam said confidently, with enough force that Steve was sure half of it was for show, though, the boy’s nervousness wasn’t entirely misplaced, Steve knew.  Cam, for all his youth, could be far shrewder than Steve when it came to Castle intrigues, that much was certain.  “But, they may not see that you are only reminiscing and are so relieved to have the--the
don’t know what we’re dealing with.   Magic on top of the serum?  Who the hell even knows how that is going to work?”
“Think you stole my line,” Tony retorted.  “Hell, if I’d seen you in this, I may have paid you to keep your clothes on.  Er, well. Probably not. Let’s face it, I’ve been thinking about you without your clothes since we met,” he shrugged and grinned.   “Speaking of, technically, you still owe me that dance, you know. Keep playing your UNO cards right, and I’ll have to collect one of these days,” Tony grinned, leaning up to lightly nuzzle Steve’s lips in a barely-there kiss that somehow seemed to have some kind of direct line to Steve’s cock.
“Not saying you do, Cap.  Just…we usually…ah,” Tony floundered, searching for what he wanted to say and what it meant, exactly, that he wanted to say it.  “We usually do these things together.  The team.  But.  Well, you and me.  A lot of the times, anyway.  You don’t—you don’t like the performing.  Its second nature for me, so,” Tony stopped himself with a twisted grimace.
“Well. I mean.  No.
“No kidding,” she agreed, giving him a quick laugh.  “Have you seen the minibar prices?  Ten bucks for a candy bar?  Of course, the fact that I know that probably tells you why I’m in the gym before 7am.”
Steve liked that story in particular, but, in truth, there were lots of odd things that happened around the times the lights and bangs could be heard on the mountain, even if no one noticed or talked about it much.  Steve thought maybe they didn’t want the Reverend to get upset that it wasn’t just God solving all their problems for them because they prayed a lot.  He did pray, but God hadn’t seen fit to make him taller or stronger or so that his chest didn’t hurt and his throat didn’t close up when he had one of his fits.
, Tony’s mind rang out.
“You’ll see,” Tony said, tossing him a grin.
“It’s where they docked to sell me to Rumlow,” Steve replied.
Shame, deep, gut-wrenching shame washed over Steve.  He swallowed and started to get up, but Tony’s hands came up to cup his head, tilting his neck back so Steve’s vision contained nothing but Tony.  There was a manic desperation ghosting behind Tony’s eyes, some kind of determination solidifying there that Steve couldn’t read.  Then Tony’s mouth was on his and his lips parted immediately, allowing Tony’s tongue entrance.  Tony swirled his tongue around, tracing the lines of Steve’s mouth, darting in and out, frenzied and wild.  Tony moved his hands to unbutton Steve’s shirt and push it off his shoulders, hand roaming over Steve’s frame as he did.  Tony kept his mouth pressed to Steve’s, beard scraping along Steve’s jaw, as his hands pressed Steve back and down against the bed.  Tony made short work of Steve’s fly, and Steve lifted his hips to help Tony pull his pants the rest of the way off.  He knew he should stop this.  Bucky had been right.  Tony had been playing a game and no one had told Steve the rules.  No, that wasn’t fair.  Steve had decided to ignore the rules.  Now, it was all laid bare.  Tony wanted this part of him, but nothing more.  He should have enough dignity to get up and walk out, but instead his hands came up to wrap around Tony’s shoulders and wind up through his hair, pulling Tony’s length along his body, letting their limbs entwine.
“It is not that I worry. I’m just—I’m…I don’t know.  Cam mentioned your betrothal, and it—it made me think of…” Steve stammered to a halt, then shook his head.  “I guess I wonder what the future holds.  I know what you’ve said, but--”
Tony’s mouth was doing sinful things to his nipple.
Tony needed to spread his wings.  Get out in the world.  Practically everyone said so. This thing with Steve, it was too much. Too serious, too soon.  He was way too young to settle down.  He needed to live a little first.  Everyone did, right?  That was what you were supposed to be doing at this age, not hanging out in your apartment watching old movies and drinking hot cocoa with real milk and chocolate because
“Same to you, Captain,” Jarvis replied formally.
“I want to keep you safe.  Protect you from the world.  I’ve always wanted that,” Steve said, bringing his hand up to trace the barely there white line that cut across Tony’s check.  “But that’s not how you were made, is it?  Not what you were built for.  A safe life.  You never were.  You were always, well.  More.  More than anyone I ever met.  Someone who could handle being with me. That’s what I told myself.  I didn’t get it, not then.”
“Yeah,” Tony snorted with a rough, rasping sound.  “Yeah, that I got down pat.”
“Steve, he…he makes me feel like I can do anything. Dangerous, I know,” Tony acknowledged, canting his head to the side and raising his eyebrows in rueful admission.
“What makes you say that?” Tony asked drily, not looking up.
“No, no, that’s—I’m fine.  What else did you hear?” Steve pressed.
Okay, so that last part was a bit of a lie.  Technically. His mouth twisted. It wasn’t that he didn’t understand why they were doing the press conference, which largely had to do with him accidentally handing out quotes to the reporter from Vanity Fair, but he didn’t relish being in front of a group of people who wanted nothing more than to find some soundbite they could twist around to suit their own purposes.  It felt almost inevitable that it was all going to go south, probably because of him if he had to hazard a guess. He had the sense that all of this was far more important than Tony or anyone else was letting him in on, and it was making him nervous more than anything. They all kept assuring Steve that it was no big deal with all the believability of those times he kept assuring Bucky he had some guy three times his size on the ropes right before Bucky showed up.
“Right,” Matt said.  “Also, Major Carmichael decided to retire to Florida.”
“Tony,” Obie said, shaking his head as he knelt down next to the sofa.  “When I ordered the hit on you, I worried that I was killing the golden goose.  But, you see, it was just fate that you survived that. You had one last golden egg to give,” he grinned, almost placatingly as he loomed over Tony.  “Do you really think just because you have an idea, it belongs to you?” He pulled some kind of pincer-like device out of a case on his lap and held it up in front of Tony’s face.  “Your father, he helped give us the atomic bomb. They tested it right outside the city. Did you know that? You can take a tour now with one of those little headsets,” he added, stopping for a moment and looking down at Tony.  “Now, what kind of world would it be today if he was as selfish as you?” he hummed in question, then pointed the device at Tony’s chest, just over the reactor and pushed it in.
They kissed again, softly this time, lips moving across each other’s with a light caress.  Steve’s hands settled on Tony’s shoulders, while Tony’s own traced a path up Steve’s stomach, their cocks sliding against each other’s with a soft, slow burn.   When they pulled apart, Tony looked up at Steve from under his lashes, taking in long, slow, deep breaths.
“One of your knights?” Lord Rand asked.  “I hope you will permit him to join the tourney.  We could use a real competition.”
“More than anything,” Steve replied. “I was wrong.  I shouldn’t have let you go without telling you the truth and letting you decide.  I told myself you were happier without me.  You even said so, and as long as that was true, I could justify it to myself.   But, then you called, and I—I realized last night that you weren’t happy. And it was my fault.”
“No problem,” Tony said with a somewhat affected shrug of his shoulders, twisting a bit in place. Mission accomplished, he wasn't sure how to make his graceful exit stage left.
He had first noticed the slight wobble last night, during his live broadcast to planet earth (streamed by over half a billion people, not bad, if he did say so himself, but--yeah, not the point right now).  He had checked his systems, of course. Had JARVIS run through everything. But, diagnostics failed to report any kind of problem, and he had put it down to just another one of those things they don’t tell you in the brochure.  Everything behaves differently in space. That was the thing. Machines behave differently. People behave differently. Life behaves differently. Maybe he had wanted that, a bit. A different life, just for a while. Point being, the shimmy hadn’t worried him, not then, anyway, and not when he felt it again an hour or so ago.
, follow Tony down the hall and to his room and tell him it was okay. It was going to be okay (would it?).  But, that wasn’t what happened. There were drinks and dessert and maybe Stane stopped by on his way out the door, maybe he saw whatever had become of the Walkman, and maybe he thought a little bit more, maybe not even quite consciously, not yet, but maybe he thought a bit more that Howard wasn’t irreplaceable.
“Can you, um, can you block off Tony’s scheduled this afternoon? For after I leave, I mean,” Steve requested.
“To Fathers of the Year,” Tony said, tipping his hand up in the air as if holding a glass.  “What a couple of assholes.”
“Our lab is right this way,” Estes was saying, sweeping out a hand towards a corridor marked by an ‘Employees Only’ sign.  “You’ll want to take a look, of course, and then, I thought we could hit the conference room.  Talk some numbers.  Mary, would you make sure we have some refreshments—what’s your poison, Tony?  Can I call you Tony?”
“The Master of Woo is drooling on your laptop,” Pepper pointed out helpfully.
He waited for Steve’s nod, then pushed himself up, tucking the blanket back around Steve.  Steve rolled over to his side and watched Tony move about the room. He pulled a particular corded rope on the wall, ringing a bell that Steve knew went to the kitchen and another that requested the huge tub in Lord Ellis’ bathing chamber that adjoined his bedroom be filled.  It lacked the intricate pipe system that Tony’s bathing chamber offered, and so took a while for the servants to get the water heated and filled, Steve knew. Tony opened the door and said something to the guards, then stopped at the dressing table. He stood there a moment, probably washing himself, Steve assumed, as Tony adjusted his breeches back into place, then padded back over to where Steve was lying on the bed, a soft cloth in Tony’s hand.
Tony didn’t watch him walk out.  When the door slammed in Steve’s wake, Tony jolted at the sound in the now-empty room.  DUM-E, who had picked up a pair of pliers, whined and drooped his claw.  Tony swallowed past the lump in his throat and raised a hand to rub at his face, only to realize he was still holding the candle.
Whether you called it God or nature or science, it was the one thing that outstripped human control, defied all attempts to replicate or quantify. A divine compact with a dark, empty world and the finite sureness of time.   Raised up from dust and returned to it, but each person got this one thing, this absolute, a promise, almost in recompense. It was comforting, he supposed. However cruel life may be, there was the chance, the possibility, however remote, of perfect happiness.  Maybe it was needed now more than ever, as fractured and disconnected as we were. As alone. In so many ways, more alone now than we had ever been. It was no surprise the idea had grown to almost cult-like status over the centuries.
I wonder what it would be like if he kissed me.  My first kiss, Tony thought with a moment of bright, panicked exhilaration before his eyes drifted closed for a moment.  I wonder what it would be like if he loved me.   His felt Steve’s hand slowly slide from his back and the loss of warmth, the loss of everything, when Steve let go of his other hand and stepped back.
He reared his hand back and brought the paddle down again, harder this time, earning another muffled sound. He pulled the paddle away and held it a moment, letting the man’s muscles tighten up with expectation of the blow before he actually landed one to the right side of his ass. He followed up quickly with another, lighter blow, then a harder one on its heels before the man could catch his breath, enjoying the way the man’s flesh bloomed bright red.
Tony lifted his gaze, caught the man watching him impassively, and quickly dropped his eyes back down to his feet where dirt caked his toes as he curled them into the ground beneath him as if he could tether himself to the spot.  A trade.  Him for peace.
Steve was quiet for a long moment, staring at the blank TV screen before twisting on the sofa to look at Tony.  “What are we talking about here, Tony?” Steve asked in a carefully neutral tone.
“Actually, getting him to get in the car took some doing.  He wasn’t exactly thrilled about bunking over in our little fake love nest, believe me.  Look, I’m just…” Tony broke off with a frustrated puff of air.  “I couldn’t leave him there, okay?  I just couldn’t. He’s—he’s Steve’s you, and the idea of you, sitting there being all self-sacrificing and miserable…I just couldn’t, Rhodey.  And Steve, he’s so happy.  Not just having Barnes here, because I honestly don’t think that was even in his head, but just not having it all be on him.  I thought—okay, well, I didn’t think, really, just sort of went with it—but, maybe…maybe Steve sees how this could work, you know?  Maybe, with Barnes here, with the whole we’re-in-this-together-rah-rah-go-team-thing we have going, maybe it doesn’t look so crazy.”
“Yeah.  Oh.  So, now you know, and you’re going to be fine, and you’re still an idiot, and—“ Tony started babbling, moving towards the door.
“Clever,” Stane nodded.  “Of course, you would be. You wouldn’t have held his interest this long if you weren’t.  You were supposed to be a distraction, you know?” Stane reminded him, almost with a note of begrudging respect.  “A few nights, to get him out of his head, and then he could go back to doing what he does best, but you…you’re different.  I underestimated you.  I’ll grant you that,” he admitted, wagging a finger in Steve’s direction.
“…Reasons,” Tony informed him solemnly, stating the obvious.
“I love you.  You love me.  I’ll make it that simple,” Tony replied.  “Whatever it is, Steve, it’s okay.  You went out at, what, 6 a.m. and got me a milkshake and cheeseburger, which they don’t even serve until eleven?  You—you came to get me at some random party at fuck-all o’clock.  You stayed.  And you love me, and—and you think I’m strong,” Tony said, lifting Steve’s hand up to cover his heart.  “I’m not so great at liking myself sometimes.  Most of the time.  But, I think I could like the person you see.  I think I could like the person who is loved by Steve Rogers.  Maybe…maybe that’s good enough. For now. I think that could be enough. I think
“Not going to let that one go, huh?” Steve asked.  He bit his lip and turned to look out the window where the lights of the Strip reflected in blinking, brilliant neon across his face.  “More than a little,” Steve admitted after a moment, then glanced back at Tony.  “Thought about you a bit.  Back at the barracks that night,” he added, clearing his throat and flattening his lips together.
It didn’t even seem all that odd now that he managed such a friendship with a man whose face he never saw and whose name he never knew.  When he told Lizzie, Willie and Ian about it when they were little, they seemed to think it was absolutely fantastic to have a mysterious friend like that, and he somewhat shyly admitted that he rather thought it was amazing, too, that someone like that would want to be friends with someone like him.   Many nobles helped the War clandestinely, though none quite so directly, at least to Steve’s knowledge, and he figured Iron Man had to have been someone important, given his education and fortune.  There would probably be a heavy price to pay for someone in that position, if their aid to the War was found out by the wrong people, at least, that was what Peggy said, and it made sense.   He would have thought that the man’s identity would have been fairly easy to discern, but no whisper of it ever reached his ear, and Iron Man asked him not to try to find out, so he hadn’t. He would never have put Iron Man in danger like that anyway, as much as he would have liked to know who his friend really was.
“Well….I’m not saying that’s a terrible coping mechanism, as these things go,” Tony began, lips pursing to keep from grinning.   “Want to start the movie while we wait on the pizza?  I could make popcorn.”
At least it was snowing in earnest now, Steve noted, which should cover their tracks. He only hoped that anyone Hydra sent out after them would be conveniently stupid or lazy enough to assume they were buried under whatever remained of jet and not go looking too much further in this weather.
The van slammed to a stop with a sickening crunch.  Tony was thrown against the back doors, though his shoulder took the brunt of it.  Outside, he could hear shouts and the sound of tires squealing fruitlessly, followed by a loud clang and the sound of metal ripping.  What in the…he shook his head to clear it and aimed the repulsor at the door again, this time without waiting.  The blast took the back doors almost completely off, though one hung limply from the side.
None of it was fair.  Of course, not that anyone promised fair in life, but slightly less unfair wouldn’t completely suck, Tony thought, casting his eyes towards the greyed out night sky.   Just a little less unfair.
It didn’t take long to reach their hotel, even with the traffic.  Happy pulled up to the curb and one of the uniformed valets opened the limo’s door for them.  Tony barely noticed the few surprised shouts as they spilled out and made their way across the lobby.  He was too keyed up. His upcoming conversation with Steve kept playing in his head like one of those old movie reels, except it always stuttered to a stop right before the end when the strip blinked off and left a blank, white screen where Steve’s reaction would be.  He needed to call Rhodey. Rhodey would help. Tony’s mind kept chanting that like some kind of mantra. Rhodey would help. He could explain, better than Tony could, probably, because all Tony could think about was panicked apologies and falling on his proverbial sword in the hope that Steve would forgive him.  Rhodey would at least be a buffer. Sure, it was probably cowardly, Tony could admit to himself, but sometimes phoning a friend was the better part of valor, right? Right.
“Of course,” Tony said, his mouth flat as he ignored the lie. “The belligerence of our allies has gained them little, General. The Dark Sea has claimed more of their ships than they have taken targets. If the Sea Queen rules the depths as the sailors claim, she favors the Free States in this, I think. I see no need to risk our ships and their crews on such an endeavor, that is all. Besides, there have long been pockets of these societies eschewing slavery for centuries, and we’ve never raised banners against them. And uprisings have occurred with or without the influence of the Free States. I believe my father sent you to deal with one in the Greenlands when you were just cutting your teeth as a soldier?”
“That’s highly irregular,” the voice said. “We aren’t in the business of taking requests.”
this laboratory that the R&D agents seemed so excited about.  One day, maybe, Tony would want to go there.  With him.  Maybe.
“You could have a thousand good-looking guys lining up with a snap of your finger, Tony,” Steve pointed out.
The room was silent, the kind of quiet that seems to press down on everyone and everything, like it was pushing all the noise out along with it.  Tony had said the wrong thing, and had no idea that he had and wouldn’t understand why, not when he was trying to help, but Steve could see the flash of bone-deep contempt that shuttered Howard’s features for a moment.  It wasn’t even for Tony.  It was for himself, and that, that hatred when you looked in the mirror, that gnawing gulf of failure that devoured everything in its path, the damned maybe that things might have been different that made everything you had seem less, Steve knew, that was a far more dangerous a thing.
You’re being a maudlin ass again, Rogers, he mentally berated himself as he finished putting his purchases on the conveyor belt in front of the cashier.  A disinterested cashier scanned them, one by one, and asked him if he found everything he was looking for.  He said he had, because he had learned that--just like with any number of questions these days--she wasn’t really looking for an honest answer, and tried not to watch her with the same fascination he’d had the first time he went shopping on his own.   That was one of those wrong things to do, those things that bothered people, that kind of interest in what they considered mundane.
telling?  God, he needed an emergency exit or something.
“It purports to be a prenuptial agreement, though only Mr. Rogers appears to have signed it, along with your father, as your “Trustee,” which I understand is not accurate, as your Mother's trust is administered by an institutional Trustee, as representative of Stark Industries, though that carries virtually no legal weight in this particular situation,” Mitch explained. “Both parties to a marriage, or in your case, civil union, must sign a prenup to make it enforceable, which means this is barely worth the paper it's printed on, though I suspect Mr. Rogers is not aware of this. His lawyer, however, should be, which makes its inclusion along with the other divorce papers a bit, well, odd, as I said. I can only speculate, of course, but...well...I believe this was included deliberately, so that you might be made aware of its existence, in case you did not already know.”
he'd said.  Steve actually couldn't imagine doing that, to be honest.
“No, no,” Tony said quickly. “Nothing like that.  It’s, well, it’s…I just think we need to talk.”
Steve stepped forward and reached out a hand, taking the tags into his fist.  He lifted his gaze to Tony’s eyes.
“I rather thought you would like it,” Steve replied, giving Tony an indulgent smile.  The dark blue outer robe had Tony’s crest sewn into the back by silken threads. Steve thought Cam’s mother was likely responsible for that.  His face was covered with a veil of long, golden metal strands woven together to remind one a bit of vines, Steve thought, which hung down the full length of his robe to sweep the edges of the floor.  A deep blood-red inner robe swirled out underneath as he walked. It was far too decadent for an outing, at least to Steve, but according to Cam, Tony had commissioned it in particular, and requested he wear it today.
“T—Tony,” Steve gasped, his whole body quaking, muscles going rigid and static as if waiting for the fall of a blow. It made no sense, even in his head, the thought was disjointed and wrong, but he couldn’t seem to help it. “Please,” Steve said again, this time completely bereft of what he was asking, just trusting Tony to give it.
“Okay, Soldier.  Tell me what you’ve got.  Wait,” the King said, holding up a hand as Steve opened his mouth.  “If we’re going to do this, I need food and wine.  Lots of wine,” the King announced with a sudden burst of energy, standing up and walking over the wall to tug on a cord.  A moment later, the bell above the cord rang, and the King grunted in seeming satisfaction and sat back down.
He pushed a third slick finger in, heard Tony’s groan that sounded almost petulantly disappointed, then pulled his hand away and grabbed the jar, adding more of the jellied oil to his hands, then spreading it again over himself. Just that touch was enough to send another spurt of liquid from the tip into his hand as he rubbed.  He stared at it a moment, then used that, too, looking up to see Tony’s wide eyes staring at him with a heated gaze that burned through Steve’s body, making a sweat break out over his flushed skin.
“Fine,” Steve bit out, standing up.  He gave a sharp kick to the Doombot’s head, sending the head flying off and through the cupcake store window.  Maybe Steve didn’t care for cupcakes.  He was probably more of a pie kind of guy.
“Then you’ll tell me, and we’ll deal with it,” Tony shrugged.
“Oh, yeah.  Last year.  Finally.  Up at Clint’s—ah, that’s Clint in the photo, there.  Army buddy.  Up at Clint’s parent’s farm.  Bucky and Nat, they got a place up in Carroll Gardens, now,” Steve told him.
“I knew it!  I fucking knew it!” Brock yelled down at them, taking the final few steps so fast that he was looming over them before Steve could do more than shove Tony to the side and angle his body in front of him.  “You little slut, this is what I get, huh?  Fucking figures!  You think you can do this to me?  To me!?!  No fucking way, Rogers, no
Reaching behind him with one hand, he found Steve’s cock where it jutted up from the thatch of dark blonde hair at the juncture of Steve’s thighs.  He stroked his hand up and down it, spreading the slick until it was well coated.  Steve grunted, then let out a curse almost too quietly for Tony to catch.
At least he had SI.  Steve wouldn’t leave him, not if it meant losing the company.  Right?  That…had to be true.  He needed it to be true.
“You said you weren’t like that,” Tony reminded him, his mind grasping for any kind of purchase amidst the mounting panic.
are in California,” Tony pointed out. Steve muttered something under his breath that sounded like ‘sacrilege,’ and Tony rolled his eyes.  “Okay…let’s see…Mickey Mouse or Bugs Bunny.”
.  Anytime someone said it, he could see it in his mind like it was written on a steamed-up mirror, dripping and distorted and barely there.  He could hear the scrape of a finger on glass, writing it out in wet whorls.
“Would be good to check up on all of our little Dinners, Ones and Days,” Tony said, pursing his mouth.
he heard Zola’s words echo in his mind, making his stomach clench and churn.  Rumlow had delighted in shoving that long, leather-clad piece of smoothly-shaped wood down his throat until he gagged and choked and saliva dripped down his chin. Practice, Rumlow had told him with a sadistic, gleeful cut to his smile.  Sometimes, he buckled a strap around Steve’s mouth, holding it in place, leaving him there chained to the wall while he struggled to breathe through his nose and keep whatever little food he had in his belly from killing him.
Tony half expected colorfully-dressed little people suggesting he take a nice, saffron route.  SHIELD’s Research and Development lab spread out in front of him, with sleek black floors, workstations filled with blinking lights and screens displaying graphs, schematics and---Galaga?
Afterwards, he’d asked if they could go to the circus. She had promised they would. He’d wanted a balloon, red, like the one the clown in the wallpaper was holding, and maybe some cotton candy. Jarvis had taken him, eventually, the first of many half-fulfilled promises that he didn’t realize at the time were each a step away from him. He’d gotten that and so much more, anything he wanted, in fact, all given at a careful distance. They’d given him everything they could, too much, really. He could see it now, the way they tried to fill something he didn’t know was empty until years later.
“Just the parts when I was eavesdropping,” Tony admitted as sheepishly as he could manage.
Take this with me, Tony thought.
This was good, Tony thought, somewhat dreamily, this thing where they became one for a time.  It always felt a bit like a feather floating down, swaying back and forth on a gentle breeze as it settled on the ground.  Hormones, sure, he knew that, but it felt like more.  He reached a hand behind him and traced it lightly over Steve’s hip, cupping the curve of his ass.  No one else could give Steve this, not like this.  Not the way Tony could.  He wasn’t sure how he knew that, but he was as sure of it as he was of any of his equations.
“Peggy,” Steve sighed.  “We’ve been through this.  I can’t risk it. I can’t.”
“I would like that,” Steve said instead of loosing the argument forming on his lips. “Though, I might be the only one in the castle who will agree,” he added, then paused, frowning. “They’ll blame me, won’t they?”
“Hey, hey, what’s got you all riled up?” Steve asked.  Realization seemed to dawn on Shellhead, and he let go of his grip on Steve, dropping back down into the water by the boat, but he clutched at his blue stone necklace and made a series of little hiccoughing noises that seemed to Steve like the equivalent of someone repeating over and over again that they were fine when they demonstrably were not.  Steve frowned, unsure if he should continue, but Shellhead bumped his shoulder and looked at him almost pleadingly.
“That’s bull--not true,” Tony replied.  “You’re messing with me.”
“I—I know. It’s just…now. With the…I mean, maybe. I mean…it’s just—you know what, I’ll carry it,” Tony insisted, grabbing the tray from Steve’s hands and marching out to the table on the patio. Steve sighed and followed him out, sitting down in his chair next to Tony, who passed him a plate of food and poured him a cup of coffee, then looked at it and promptly poured it onto the concrete patio. “No caffeine,” Tony said somewhat sadly, as if the loss of coffee for anyone was truly tragic.
“The world is a more complicated place than it once was, Your Highness,” Rhodes said, his voice grim and tight. He’s not sure about any of this either, Steve thought to himself. “We have been careful—or fortunate—that is true. But, even as we sit here and speak of peace, the Chitauri threaten our borders and the trade routes we depend upon. We hear nearly daily reports of the problems traders are having with the Ring tribes. Tytahn stretches out its claws for more. And what if Asgard raises her sails again?”
Steve closed his eyes and swallowed. Let out a long, low breath. He walked over to stand just to the side of the man’s ass and lay the paddle against the cheeks, just as a warning of what was to come. He half expected to hear the three chimes, but nothing came. That was permission, he figured, and drew the paddle back, then brought it down in a nice arc, smacking loudly against the fleshy cheeks of the stranger’s ass. He heard a startled yelp from the other side of the wall and bit his lip, the sound seeming to go right to his cock, which jumped with renewed interest.
“Hey!”  Clint called.  “Look what the…well-heeled chauffer dragged in.  Guess you and Warbucks made up, huh?”
That voice was familiar, too.
It probably shouldn’t have surprised Steve that Tony knew about that, though he couldn’t help the slight sting of something like shame that he quickly tamped down.   He had long ago promised himself he wasn’t going to feel badly about what he was doing.  There was nothing wrong with it.  Even if it had been something of a last resort, it was honest money.
was good.  Being so good for Tony, even his mind spiraled through trying to catch the thread of pain or pleasure and finally grabbing on the end of both.
“Yeah.  You are.  You want someone to fix this.  I get that, Tony.  I wish to God it was that simple, but it isn’t,” Bruce argued, voice going tight and brittle.  “It just isn’t, Tony.  This is a risk we all—“
“Don’t worry.  I’m not really big on dancing,” Tony replied.  How to say, I’m afraid my ass will go Exxon Valdez by the second verse of The Way You Look Tonight, so I’d rather not?   Yeah, dancing was probably not a great activity choice, he sighed.
“He got me Star Trek checks,” Tony told him, the words soft with meaning.
“You say that now,” Tony said. “Hours of it, and you’d feel differently, I assure you.”
“It isn’t…I don’t,” Steve stammered, tongue suddenly thick in his mouth.  His stomach curled up and something withered in his chest and left him with a dizzying speed.  The room was too hot.  Stifling. He couldn’t breathe.  His skin prickled and he felt a tremor wrack through him. He was cold, then, but that wasn’t right, though he didn’t know why.  “Zola has a man who does it.”
Conference Room Steve was sitting next to Tony, rubbing his hand up and down the inside of Tony’s thigh, where he held Tony’s knee captured on his lap.  The position kept Tony’s legs spread wide.  Steve was fairly sure that was the whole point.  His skinny counterpart pulled his mouth off Tony’s cock, let go of Tony’s balls and trailed a finger down the crease of his ass, catching some of the come leaking out of him and circling the puffy, red rim of his hole until it glistened.  Steve watched the motion as if enthralled.  He couldn’t seem to pull his gaze away.  He kept telling himself he should, but he just watched the slow, hypnotic turn of the small finger around Tony’s hole until it suddenly disappeared inside to the knuckle, making Tony’s hips judder and his body quake with a low, shuddering moan.
“Just a...training incident.  Strike team business,” Steve added at Coulson’s look.
Long, shuddering breaths slowly filled Steve’s lungs.  He knelt there, panting, one hand still holding his cock, dripping with come, and the other quivering as it bore the brunt of his weight.  He was going to fall, he thought, somewhat dazedly, and then Tony’s arms were around him, rolling him to his side, where his head was gently laid in Tony’s lap.
“No,” Steve said with a slight smile, “you’re not.  Are you even here by yourself tonight?”
“I programmed the neural translator while you rested.  It took a bit of doing. Our languages are very different,” the alien explained.
Shellhead nodded again, then pushed himself slowly up, eyes locked on Steve, and brushed his lips across Steve’s forehead.  It was gentle, barely even a kiss, really, but Steve felt the tension drain out of him almost immediately. Steve ducked his head again, smiling a bit, a nervous, huffing laugh escaping him.
“I take it that name’s not going away anytime soon,” Tony replied.
“Wonderful!” Maria replied with false brightness.  “I’ll just get us some more wine, shall I?  Or, coffee, anyone?  Oh, and we have schnapps and the Port, of course.”
The others.  Ross and his floating prison built to house exactly one kind of inmate.  They’d been caught.   Worse, Steve’s mind had supplied.  How many times will I not be fast enough?  Too many.  That was the answer, and he knew it, and he hated the knowing.  The certainty, spinning round and round like a coin on its edge until the force of it gave way to stillness.  It was going to happen again.  One day. It always did, when you thought you were done or safe or could breathe for a moment.
He wanted to say, please, I would be yours, if you’d let me.  I think I might be good at that. I think I know, now, what they meant.  I could come back to you, I think. When I don’t know where I’m going except forward, I would come back to you.
“Tony Stark pays a million bucks for a night of sex,” Brock sniggered.  “How’s that gonna look splashed all over the internet, huh?  Think TMZ’ll lead with it?”
“Excuse me?” Tony demanded, voice pitching high.  “You did what now?  Because, here I was, secure in my knowledge that giving Oceanus a bit of holiday cheer got the gold star on the What Not To Do Chart, but you come back at me with ‘jumped on a grenade in Basic,’ and my whole worldview is shattered.  Is grenade a metaphor for explosively hot guy with a, ah, short pin?  I’m not judging,” Tony assured with a quick wave of his hands.
After missions mostly, when they both were wired with unspent energy, still walking some line too close to death to call life.  Sometimes after Steve got back from one of his many fruitless Where’s Bucky? searches.  Cap was like a fucking gerbil on a wheel when it came to Barnes, not that Tony paid that much attention.  But when he returned, inevitably Barnes-less, Tony would find himself announcing that he was going to his workshop, and sure enough, like clockwork, Cap would show up sometime later. Tony would have himself loose and open already, slick and waiting, or maybe push Cap down on the workshop sofa, get down on his knees and pretend this was something they both wanted for other reasons than whatever it really was.  Point being, things had been fine between them. True, Cap didn’t come around for the other stuff as much, or, well, at all, when you got right down to it, which, admittedly, was probably for the best, considering they’d both agreed to keep this whole thing between the two of them by the simple inaction of not saying anything.
“Okay. Okay, then.  I’m just—I’m—“ Steve stammered.  “I’m honestly trying to figure out anything at all to say right now that doesn’t involve asking where the nearest bus is so I can throw myself in front of it.”
Up the wall, through the wall, out the wall.
“You’re on a secure line.  This is Captain America. What’s the situation?” Steve’s voice sounded from the phone’s speaker.
…a pledge of faith, true, but what was that if not hope, a dream of the future? He had already given those words to Tony, but had held himself back, or parts of himself, and, Tony was right. It was pulling them apart, the thread going thin, fraying with a tension Steve had put there himself and still struggled against, but Tony would not allow it to snap. He would take something that would destroy a lesser man and make it something more, something strong. If Steve would let him.
The city lights glittered in the background.  The skyscrapers were lit up in chessboard-like patterns of light and dark.  Above, he could make out Ursa Major, of course.  Perseus and Gemini. Even a bit of Andromeda, despite the city lights obscuring everything.
“You really want me to answer that, Stevie?  ‘Cause I don’t know if you do yet.  Last time I tried, you got all defensive, and I got ghosted, so I don’t really know what to say here,” Bucky told him, turning around and staring curiously at Steve.
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the two security guards exchange pointed looks.  One of them picked up a radio and said something into it that Tony couldn’t catch over the sound of his heart thudding from somewhere in his throat.  The radio made a staticky clicking noise, but no one responded.  Neither guard moved to stop him as he passed through the metal detector, which beeped in alarm.  Phone, he thought, ignoring it.  He kept his eyes on the painting of Peggy Carter as he crossed the lobby, heart thudding with each step.
The King’s words were still echoing in his head like a beacon, bright and pulsing, and each one sent a low, throbbing beat of warmth down his cock.  He thought the King knew that, wanted that, was…pleased by that, and that thought made Steve want to squirm, roll over on the bed and find friction, though he was too mindful of the King’s words to do anything other than think about how good it would feel, and that, somehow, made the waiting good, too.  He didn’t touch himself, didn’t do anything, really, but he thought about it.  Thought about how it would feel when the King returned and touched him like that, the way he had the first night.
“Oh, good, you’re not dead,” Barnes said flatly to Tony, then caught a look from Sam. “What? I hate clean up.”
“I didn’t think I’d like it,” Steve said in low, thrumming voice that set Tony’s teeth on edge and made something jerk just below his navel, pulling at his neck like it was connected by a string.  The urge to bow his head, expose his neck, offer something, himself, whatever it was, was nearly overpowering.  He blinked and waited for it to pass, but it hung there, a warm, spreading fullness in his gut.  Pressure, pressure, pushing down, making him want, though, what, exactly, he wanted was shadows on a wall, moving too fast for him to see.
Steve started at Tony’s name, unsure what she meant.  Tony…Stark?  That sounded familiar somehow.
List? Cap? What the hell, Tony wondered.  None of this made sense. He licked his lips and blinked his eyes open, darting his gaze around surreptitiously while the two men argued.  An office of some kind, but not the type you’d find in an office building.  More like a warehouse office.  Pâté, blood, disinfectant, cool air...okay, so a meatpacking warehouse.  Tony knew a little something about warehouses, though not quite like this.  Usually if he was tied to a chair in a warehouse office with the blinds closed and lights off, things were going a whole lot better for him, Tony thought, which made him think of Steve, of course.
. A beautiful thing, to enjoy until he’s done.  And then?  You are nothing to him.”
“Know lots of people.  It’s sort of a small community, when you get down to it,” Stane told him.  And it clicked seconds before the denouement was out of Stane’s mouth.    “Heard a lot about you from Justin.  Before his unfortunate incarceration, of course,” Stane said, leaning in as if they were conspirators.
They circled the canyon for a while before finally setting down on a flat part of the West rim by a one-lane road, where a car met them and took them the short drive to a clay-colored, squared-off building of some kind.
Okay, really, right here was completely fine.
“Same to you,” Tony quipped in return.  He settled onto the wooden bench next to his telescope and opened the lens cap.  It was too cloudy to see much, but it gave him something to do.  “Want to take a look?”
“No. No, it’s fine.  I’m fine.  I’m great,” Tony protested in a jumble of words that spilled out all at once. “Plus, I’ve got…work.  To do.  Like, a ton of work.  So don’t.  Okay?  Just don’t.”
“Yeah, that’s a mystery.  So, no?” Tony pressed.
“Tiny, little screams. Hard to hear over the water,” Steve said, smiling over at Tony, who was rolling his mouth around, like he was caught between a host of potential reactions and couldn’t settle on just one.
“They had no idea what they had with you, did they?” Steve asked with a sigh.
“Of course.  You’re here,” Tony answered.  He wasn’t sure how long they stayed like that, him stroking Steve’s hair, Steve wrapped around him, where Tony could feel his breathing, calm and even, warming his stomach.
“Why?  Are we going to work our way through all the arts?  Because piano benches are cold,” Kirk shuddered.
“Three chimes,” Steve repeated. “Got it.”
Tony ignored Steve’s cock, and instead, took Steve’s balls in his hands and hefted them, rolling them around and squeezing lightly.  Steve’s hips jerked, and he closed his eyes, biting his lip to hold in a groan.  He heard Tony give a low chuckle, and then felt deft fingers dipping down his crease, pressing and rubbing at the small, smooth patch skin just behind his balls, then digging his knuckle in hard enough to jolt a sharp cry out of Steve.
better.  That’s not fair, but somehow, I think you might just be able to do it. Maybe some will still care.  People don’t change that quickly, I know, but a lot of them just want results.”
Steve was watching him, quiet and still and far too aware.  His face was shadowed in the dim evening light, but Tony could see a line of muscle ticking in Steve’s jaw.  Steve’s eyes were dark pools, with just the faintest glare from the setting sun making pinpricks where his pupils should be, reminding Tony of the way light catches on the eyes of creatures you didn’t even know where there until it was too late. Steve had to know.  He had to. The car was small.  Suffocating.  Did he know?  Of course, he did.  He was probably just too polite to mention the fact that his Omega couldn’t control himself over one stupid kiss that wasn’t even a real kiss.
“You won’t, though. You can’t,” Tony continued as if Steve hadn’t spoken, his voice suddenly worn and hoarse, and he sagged against Steve, as if he was exhausted all of a sudden.  “If you could, I suppose you wouldn’t be you. You, who would stare down the armies of the world if you believed you were right. You won’t bend, and I can’t bear to break you. I love you, and that isn’t enough, and I know it.  God help me, I know it, but I can’t--” he stopped, grimacing, his jaw going tight as he dropped his gaze and stared at the far wall with unseeing eyes. “It is of no consequence, really. I can abide you loving and hating me in equal measures, if I must.”
“You’ve got my back though, right?” Tony asked.
“We have documents going back years, Mr. Stark,” Everhart said as Tony ducked into the elevator.  “Captain Rogers said it was your company, not you. What did you think all these companies buying your weapons were doing with them when you signed off on this?” she called out as the doors slid closed.
“You could, truth be told.  One or two men could operate the whole thing.  It would be a fascinating project,” Tony said. “I’ll have to see what I can come up with.”
“I know you do,” Tony replied, voice going rough and thready.  “I just,” he sighed, almost defeated sounding, “I don’t know what to do with the
“Thanks.  Thanks, Tony.  I mean it,” Steve said.
“I do remember you.  I mean, I didn’t know it was
“If the prophecy is true, then I don’t think it works that way, Tony,”  Steve said around a rough sigh. “I can’t just turn my back on what I’m supposed to do.”
There were other instruments on the table, too, most of which looked vaguely like things Steve thought a blacksmith might have, though far finer than any he had ever seen an actual blacksmith use. Steve didn’t have any idea what most of these were actually intended to do, but they were clearly intended for
is not a defensive strategy that we should consider pursuing,” Tony said, suppressing a grin with some effort as his eyes flicked over to Steve, “how fares our system of beacons at the outer borders?” Tony asked brightly with a lilt in his voice that was almost a laugh.  Steve ducked his head, the strands of metal swaying from the veil and smiled into the cup he raised to his lips.
Phillips took off his sunglasses and squinted up at the man.  “Thomas Briar, class of ’79, wasn’t it?”
Tony lifted Steve’s hips and stroked a hand down Steve’s spine, then splayed his fingers wide at the base of Steve’s back and left them there.  It felt good.  Comforting.  Like being held.  He felt Tony thrust in, hard and deep.  Tony wasted no time in finding a rhythm, just started ramming in and pulling out at a punishing pace, making a wet, slapping sound as his balls bounced against Steve’s ass on each thrust.  It didn’t take long.  Or, Steve didn’t think it did.  His mind seemed to want to drift, like he was floating on the sea back home, the waves lapping at him, lifting and sinking with the tide.  Soon enough, he felt a warm wetness fill him, and that was good, too.  Tony gave a few, final thrusts, then bowed forward until his head touched the curve of Steve’s back.  He lay there, breathing hard, hands wrapped around Steve’s stomach while his cock softened inside Steve.
For a second, the world tilted, and Tony’s ears rang with sharp bursts of gunfire instead of the clicking of phone cameras.   He hadn’t realized he had let go of Steve’s hand until his own arms were crossed together over his chest, clutching at a bulky weight that was no longer there.
“Maybe not so crazy,” Tony acknowledged.  “Or, the kind of crazy that I get.  Whatever,” Tony said, slashing a hand through the air in front of him.
“You’re…no, Tony.  No one is upset,” Coulson assured him, then narrowed his gaze.   “A desk, huh?  Can’t entirely say I didn’t see that coming.”
Tony shrugged, frowning in confusion at the non sequitur.  “He was taking my designs and upgrades and passing them off as his own, if that’s what you mean.”
“Still not discussing this now,” Steve continued. “Besides, I know you remember what I told you.”
“How?  If they hopped on your plate after some kind of Jonestown-flavored Kool-Aid binge?” Tony retorted, pulling again at where his hands were stuck in Steve’s back pockets.  “Who’s the softie?  Who?”  Steve huffed out a puff of air, but didn’t disagree.  “Picnic sounds good.  I’ll just…wash up.  Put my stuff away,” Tony finished, gesturing towards the small bag that was sitting on the end of the sofa.
“Rebuild, you said. I told you that was impossible, but rebuilding isn’t just building walls and thatching roofs, Steve.  I see that now.  It all started here.  Everything that went wrong for us.  But it wasn’t always like that.  Tell me you didn’t feel it when you came back?  It was good here, once.  Hell, it was great here, once.  I’d let myself forget tha ,” Bucky added.  “You want to do something for the Realm, help it heal?  Let it begin here.  Something terrible started here, all those years ago.  But something else can start here, too.  Maybe it should.”
“It was thoughtful of you, Tony.  I mean that,” Steve interjected, cutting Tony off and wiping the smirk away.
“Funny,” Tony cut in, though there was no humor in the word.  His mind swirled.  Steve talking him through a panic attack, steady and comforting.  Steve and his stupid general goat.  Laughing through swapped stories over mini-golf.  Steve telling the reporters off.  The way Steve’s mouth felt under his.  The way Steve looked in the dressing room, trying on clothes, with a blush staining his skin while Tony tried to convince himself not to look.
This wasn’t a punishment.  She wouldn’t have done that, even if she had some way of knowing what would happen between him and Tony.   The dead still speak to us, he thought with a weary sigh, as he remembered T’Challa’s words and clicked on the next file.
“I suspect his wife would agree with you,” Steve said.
“Done and done,” Tony replied easily. “And for you? What do you want, Steve?”
“A fool’s dream, that is all,” Tony said quickly, his voice clipped.  He stood up and tightened the belt at his waist, ran a hand through his hair, then stopped and looked down at Steve.  Steve watched his throat work, then finally, he let out a sigh. “Even I cannot always have what I want.”
“Yes.  But, I’ll know,” Steve replied.  Coulson’s mouth twitched up at the corners, which pretty much accounted for a smile in Steve’s experience with the man.
“Did he fuck you?” Zola asked as soon as the guards pushed Steve inside the room.
Ask Steve what the fuck he'd been right about and why Steve had thought so much about the Tower and why he sounded so proud, so damn
“Don’t listen to a lot of music,” Steve muttered, looking down at his placemat with a deep frown etched on his forehead.  “This map of Italy is wrong.”
. Those were definitely not human eyes.
“The King wants him.  He sent for him, and I wasn’t there and—sorry.  I’ll send you some of my best to make up for the inconvenience, Lord Hammer, but—“ Zola shrugged.
This is what it feels like to be loved, Tony thought.  He knew it, because it was familiar, it had been there for maybe longer than he’d realized.  Love wasn’t a surprise, it was a promise, a choice, made every moment of every day, again and again, and it was a pattern they’d both fallen into a long time ago.  It just took a little forgetting to realize it.
“Maybe the universe just favors the nice guys every now and then,” Bucky teased.
“That what would be like this?” Steve asked, blinking up at Tony with a matching frown, though his was born of confusion.  Tony started to speak, then stopped, sucked in a breath and wiped his hand across his mouth and looked away, towards the grand fireplace, shrouded in carvings and tapestries older than the both of them.
“It’s okay. It is.  I get it. I do,” Tony rushed out.  “It’s fine, Steve. Cap.  What—uh.  What do I call you?”
A choked, bitter huff of a laugh escaped him as he thought of the stilted dinner conversation that followed.  Of all his pleas to his mother to make sure that didn’t happen, it had been his father who, surprisingly, had put his foot down on the whole thing.  Not because he particularly cared that Tony didn’t want to, which was, on the list of things his father cared about, somewhere down around whether or not the grass cared if it got cut, he figured, but because, Tony recalled Howard saying, some Alphas wanted an untouched Omega.  So, really, just keeping the options open.  Good to know where he stood, he thought with a distant, hollow burning threading through his chest.  It was a strange day when his interests aligned with what Howard wanted for him, but, hey, if his father wanted to be a traditionalist all of a sudden, fine by him.
I want you, Tony thought, a sharp pang bursting bright in the center of his chest.  He had to resist the urge to tap at the reactor, his own little Morse code of a nervous tell.
“It’s too late to go back to sleep and too early to get up,” Tony observed, finger tracing a pattern across Steve’s stomach, raising his eyebrows speculatively.
“That doesn’t even make sense, and I think we should try it.  If you want to, I mean,” Steve said, feeling himself start to warm with a combination of arousal and self-consciousness.
“Tony,” Steve said. He almost didn’t recognize his own voice.  It sounded like a plea or a prayer. Maybe it was.
“Oh,” Tony said, blinking at Steve.  “Well, that’s…that’s good, then.  Forget I said all that. Except any parts that were helpful with the opposite of second thoughts-having.”
“Every day, I sit on that bus.  Back and forth.  I go to work.  I go to class.  I stop by the 99 cent store.  Buck and Nat check up on me.  I do the glass thing, because Sam wouldn’t stop bugging me about it.  This—this is what he meant.  He said I wasn’t connecting.  I kept telling him, I was fine.  Fine, Sam.  Everything’s fine.  And it is.  It’s exactly fine.  Everything is one-hundred percent fine.  Then you come along,” Steve said with a wry twist of his mouth.  “You come along, and everything goes belly up.”
None of that would matter. For a few days.  None of it would matter.
So, that impression took a good ten minutes to blow through.
“Handling what, exactly?” Steve asked slowly, rubbing a hand over his face and taking in the room now filled with various armors. He’d known Tony was working on new suits. It had seemed like a good idea, having various suits that could be interchanged, depending on the circumstance. He just wasn’t quite sure what the emergency was that required a dozen of them to show up in their bedroom at, God, what was it? Four a.m.?
Steve’s hand hovered over Tony’s belly, then finally settled on his hip, thumb stroking back and forth over the heated skin.  Tony felt another rush of liquid heat underneath him and squirmed a bit, spreading his legs and waiting. It would be okay with Steve, he thought to himself.  Steve was kind and good, and Tony liked making him happy. That was love. Maybe it was like Steve said, and one day, the Mother would give him a child of Steve’s essence.  He would like that. It would be fine, with Steve. He wouldn’t even mind if Steve wanted to share Pleasures a lot, especially if that meant he would have a child of Steve’s essence one day.  It wouldn’t be so bad, if—“Oh!” Tony started, nearly sitting up off the furs as Steve’s mouth closed, hot and wet, around his nipple and sucked lightly at the peak, rolling it between his teeth and swirling his tongue around the nub.
“And now, I’ve seen all of them, except the Holiday Special, which you insist does not exist, despite what the Internet says,” Steve said drolly.  “Tony’s been getting me caught up to speed on some things that I…sort of missed over the years.”
The important thing was to remain calm, not panic, and handle this like a mature, responsible adult.
Prompt was for something from this universe.  This is set between the two stories.  For those who haven't read them, short version:  Steve runs out of SHIELD headed for Times Square, like at the end of TFA.  But, instead, Tony runs into him with his car.  Steve loses his memory, and Tony, being such a devoted philanthropist, takes him under his wing.  Love happens.  Then Loki happens.
“Getting beat up in an alley behind a movie theater,” Steve responded immediately.
“So…our plan is leave him.  Drop the car at Manny’s,” Malcolm counted off like he was tapping at a finger with each part of their plan.  “And just…hope to God that he doesn’t find out.”
“I’m just…”  Tony said numbly, then shook his head and rubbed his hands over his face.  “I’m going to…” he looked over his shoulder, then over at Jarvis, who was shoving his cell phone in his pocket and kneeling down next to Tony’s mother.  Tony swallowed and sucked in a deep breath.  “I’m going to go stick a fork in a light socket and see what happens.”
“Funny,” Steve huffed.  “Spill.  Come on, Nat, what’s the catch?”
Crumbling stone sentinels lining a bridge. The Shadowman will get you if you don’t watch out! His own reflection in a looking glass, wanton and debauched, as invisible hands moved over him. Icy water holding him under like cold hands.
“At least I can use the lack of your company as a reason to make an early night of it,” Tony replied.  He walked the few steps to where Steve stood, leaned up and placed a quick kiss to Steve’s lips. “I should change.  There’s a chamber, just through there,” Tony said, pointing at a large, curved door set just off the fireplace. “Ostensibly for Lord Rand’s spouse, but his wife died birthing the boy, and he never saw fit to remarry after he had his heir.  He keeps his own favorite in there now--much to dismay of his son, I understand--but it is free for your use while we are here.”
Not able to leave it behind.  God, that was a fucking understatement and a half.
Yet, here they were, on the side of a freaking mountain next to a stream because someone watched Dr. Phil while staying at a Holiday Inn Express last night and suddenly decided immersion therapy was the way to go. None of it made any sense.  The puzzle pieces were all spread out on the table, but it was as if there were no pieces with straight lines or corners to get him started.    Tony grabbed the dishsoap to clean the grease from his hands, watching the tiny bubbles that sprouted out of the top of the bottle float for a moment before popping, one after the other, like all the crazy theories that popped into his head.
“You’re mine.  That’s who you are,” Steve said in a warm, breathy voice that seemed to fill Tony’s chest, like the words were air.  “And you do know what you’re doing, Tony.  Don’t pretend. Not with me. You know what the armor is for.  We both know,” Steve went on, voice breaking at the last.
“Doesn’t that stand for—” Steve began with a frown.
“It doesn’t seem very different,” Clint grumbled, but he put down the plate of pancakes, so Tony decided to let that go and reached over to slide the plate of toast closer to Steve, just in case.  “Except he’s trying to feed him instead of fu—“
“Enough of this talk of politics and budgets!” Tony said, pushing his chair back from the round table in front of the fire where they shared meals and standing up.   He walked over to stand next to Steve’s chair and reached out a hand to cup the side of Steve’s face.  This time, Steve did not let himself lean in to the touch, but held himself still against Tony’s hand, until he looked up and caught sight of Tony’s face, unguarded for a fleeting moment and full of a deep yearning.  He leaned in.  He couldn’t seem to step himself.  Watched the expression melt away from Tony’s face, leaving an aching tenderness in its place, the way night slips into day, sun blazing, bright and beautiful all at once.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m just trying to picture it,” Tony said around a fit of laughter that had Steve smiling widely in return.  With everything so awkward between Brock and Bucky, he almost never got to talk about this stuff, since Brock didn’t want to hear it, and Bucky was...hard to talk to these days without it becoming an argument.  It was nice to reminisce.
“I gave you the money because I believe in you,” Steve reminded him.
“I—yeah,” Steve admitted, glancing away again.  “I didn’t see it that way at the time, I swear.  I told myself it was about protecting you, but…yeah.”
“Are they? Are they free? What does that even mean? Is the mother who can’t put food on her table because there was no rain making a free choice when she sells herself? It’s an illusion, Steve, it’s a service, like any other, and being a concubine is a far better lot in life than most get, you’re just--
“I believe in doing good works?” Tony replied with a light shrug.  Steve picked up most of the bags and slung the plastic-wrapped suits over his shoulder by the hanger, while Tony grabbed his small bag of purchases and followed Steve out of the store.
“It will be fun,” Steve said.  “Maybe we’ll get some snow by then.  Kids could have a snowball fight.”
“I’m here,” Tony managed, finding the words surprisingly difficult to muster at the moment. Tony took one look at Steve and decided to save the big tour for at some point in time when he wouldn’t rather have Steve on all fours. So, probably never. Who cared about kitchens and living rooms anyway? He wasn’t sure why he’d even had those put in.
One, Steve thought.  We are one.
“That’s what you need. That’s what they all need. Oh, they beg and cry and please, don’t m’lord, and
He spent the afternoon reading to her, talking to her, doing all the things the doctors said might help.  Sometimes her face would relax into a smile, though it seemed to have no relation to what he was saying.  But, she was clean and getting the best therapy and care money could buy.  He just wasn’t sure which one she’d consider the bigger failing in a son, leaving her in that county long-term care facility that stank of urine and defeat or the way he was giving her this.
“To answer honestly, yes,” Stark said.
“One,” Steve gasped. Almost as soon as he said it, the strap cracked across his ass again, the sound followed by a fresh wave of pain. The blow landed slightly lower this time, sending a bright, hot, stinging arch across the bottom of his ass.  There was no concordant burst of pleasure this time, just a blistering ache warming his skin. “Two,” Steve shuddered.  Another rush of air and slap of sound, leather on skin, this one cleaving a nearly vertical stripe down the middle of his ass, driving the metal cock deep again where it slammed into him at just the right angle to make his vision white-out as a spike of pleasure blurred out everything else.  “Three,” Steve finally choked out, barely more than a high-pitched wheeze.
,” Anthony said.  Steve knew that, of course.  He could hear Coulson’s voice in the hall outside.
“I seem to remember that,” Tony said, his voice warm and teasing.  “You promised me something else, too.”
“Wh-what?” Steve stammered, suddenly flustered and heated for an entirely different reason.
“Glad I’m easy,” Tony replied.  “Wait.”  Steve chuckled into his fist, turning it into a polite cough.  “I get it.  I mean, I keep thinking it shouldn’t be so easy, this you-and-me-thing.  Everything going on, all our baggage, it shouldn’t be easy, and then it is, and it’s…”
“Art therapy?  Like ink blots and shit?”  Kirk asked.  “I used to just tell my therapist they all looked like dicks.  I’m sure he’d be shocked by how I ended up.”
“How do you feel about California?” Tony asked Barnes.
that made Tony’s heart clench in his chest.
There was a long pause of silence.  Steve dropped the phone from his ear to check the connection, but the time was still counting up.  He put it back to his ear and waited.
The next day, Ms. Romanov called and told him to be ready by six o’clock.
Stone was standing too close.  Too
“I seem to recall we figured that out pretty well, eventually,” Steve said, biting his lip between his teeth to hold back a grin.
“That’s not going to be enough,”  Bruce said. “Someone take this,” Bruce ordered, handing off the compression bag to Natasha as he threaded the needle into the vein in Steve’s arm.  “Who’s got O neg?” he asked, looking around.  “Tony, you’re the only O-neg, right?”
He was thankful, again, for the anonymity the robes and veil offered.  As elaborate as they were, they allowed him to all but disappear into the role he had been given.  The King’s Prize. The foreign concubine who had so entranced the King. Nameless.  Faceless. No one. Anyone, everyone. He belonged to the King, yes, but the story belonged to each of them. An image that each of them could conjure on their own.  That was who they came to see. That was the story they wanted. So, Tony gave it to them.  And in return, they showered Steve with an adoration that bordered on fanatic. Tony had warned him, before they left, that word of him had spread and to expect the interest.  Tony worried it would unnerve him, Steve thought. He wasn’t sure how to tell Tony that of all of this, this part was the most familiar.
Could he really ask Cam to take such a risk?  And if he left the boy behind, what would become of him?  Zola would retaliate, if he could, Steve knew, if only to deter others from such attempts.  The boy would pay the price for Steve’s bid for freedom, and that was a cost too high to bear.   Surely, in time, Tony would tire of him.  Perhaps then, he could convince Tony to allow him to contact his friends, arrange some kind of recompense for his freedom, and the boy’s.  Something.
Tony stood back up, and Steve’s gaze instinctively followed him, but the sudden motion jerked at the chain attached to his nipple, sending a jolt of pain twisting through his core.
“Yeah, I know, Buck,” Steve said, because he’d heard this spiel before.
“Sitwell found me at Rumlow’s.  Raiders took me from my home and sold me to him,” Steve said flatly.  It seemed so long ago and just a moment ago at the same time.
“Yes?” Steve prompted when Tony fell silent.
Steve nodded, feeling his cheek scrape along the bed covering.  He couldn’t stop looking at the strap. It held some kind of pull for him, a deep fascination and horror that he couldn’t or wouldn’t name.
Tony was warm, flush against him in the cold water, and Steve could feel himself harden, tightness and heat settling low in his belly with an insistent pressure. He heard Tony groan, warm breath filling his mouth as Tony’s tongue licked inside, deepening the kiss as Tony sidled his body into Steve’s.  Steve’s whole body felt overheated, even in the cool water, but he wrapped his arms around Tony, splaying them over Tony’s back, as he pulled him closer, seeking the friction, the flush of skin against his own, the way  the cool metal of the disc felt pressed against his heart.
The kitchen itself was clearly empty, though it had the feeling of having been occupied not too long ago.  There was a frying pan soaking in soapy water in the sink and a wet rag draped over the faucet to dry.  His eyes immediately went to the coffee maker, which was still lit up with a nearly full pot brewed and waiting.  There was a note attached to the top of it, just above the on light, which helpfully told him that breakfast was in the oven.  Curious, he opened the oven door and found a plate stacked with pancakes and bacon sitting on the middle shelf.  There was even an oven mat on the counter for him to use to retrieve it.
“Would you like to sit down?” Rogers asked, nodding his head towards the conference table.  Maybe this was the interview portion, Tony thought dully. Let’s see….he wanted to be a good Omega, please his Alpha and world peace.  Of course.
“Huh? Oh, right,” Steve said, setting the basket down behind them and dropping the tackle box next to it.  He handed one of the rods to Tony, keeping one for himself, loosed the lures and started for a moment at the swaying line.  “I think we just…” he began, dipping the lure down into the water.
“It’s just…the Boss, you know.  Lots of folks…well, they just want what they can get out of him.  He’s usually pretty good at spotting them though.  The takers.  But sometimes…particularly lately…after…well, after what happened…he just needs someone to look out for him, is all,” Happy said, seemingly apropos of nothing that Steve could figure.
Steve stared at the man for probably far longer than was polite. Something about Tony, about the way he spoke, how he held himself, there was something...not familiar, exactly, but it felt a bit like that sense of recognition he always got whenever he remembered something he knew, but had forgotten he knew until it was there in his mind again, like pulling weeds in the garden and recalling out of nowhere that his mother liked to put a little cinnamon in her tea, if she could get some.
His thoughts blurred, twisting and spiraling like he was seeing them through a kaleidoscope. His mind hummed with a pleasure-filled static.  He was so full.  Full of everything.  Happiness, love, security, contentment.  So much of it all, it felt like he would overflow somehow, that it was too much, but it never was. It was always just right.  Like this, with Steve a part of him.
From his vantage point outside his new apartment, Tony watched Steve struggle with getting the key in the lock, standing on that boring blue doormat, in front of the sharpied apartment number on his door, and felt his whole chest tighten, then expand with a rush of warm so real and right that he found himself shaking a bit with it.  Tony swallowed thickly and looked down at his shoes. They were crusted with mud from his jaunt across Steve’s campus, probably ruined, but Steve had looked at his laptop and told Rhodey that Tony had made it, and he thought that might be the first thing he’d built in a long time where he actually wanted that to be true.
