“I know you are.”
Steve wouldn’t think about the implications of that moment again for months, though, not until Christine Everhart had unintentionally exposed Tony’s biggest and longest-held secret. But the hint of a pretty pink flush that stained Tony’s cheeks as he sat down, that pretty much never left Steve’s mind.
“I…fuck, I’m sorry. I came up here to watch this because I didn’t want to upset anyone, but I’ve never actually seen this guy I’ll be impersonating in a couple of days, and I felt like I probably should.”
[Set of cashmere scarves in assorted colours]
“You’re thinking way too hard,” Tony complained, nipping at Steve’s ear.
At first he’d selected one of the benches in the corner in an attempt to stay out of Tony’s way. Then a spotlight came on, illuminating a surface that turned out to have a little card reading ‘Reserved: Spider-Man’ on it. This was probably one of the dorkiest things Peter had ever seen in his life, but it turned out to be more than a symbolic gesture. The space seemed to have been set up with him in mind.
right now, though, and if subbing isn’t it, maybe now is the time to try.” Tony considered this, his thoughts too complex and confusing to even narrate aloud the way he normally would. Clint frowned. “If you don’t want this, ever or just right now, that’s okay. If you need something else, something not based in orientation at all, or—”
“Is the whole…being good at talking about fuzzy emotions and stuff, is that—does the orientation thing make that happen somehow?”
“Yes or no?”
Content Notes: Tony gets the results of his bloodwork in this chapter, and struggles with what it means for his future. There is also also an intense argument, mediated by Pepper, between himself and Steve. During that discussion, Steve uses an ableist slur (stupid) to refer to a plan of Tony's. If you need more information about any of this before reading, feel free as always to let me know.
“And what about developing those kinds of relationships with any other members of the team?” Rhodey swallowed, even looked a little anxious or embarrassed for the first time during the conversation.
some flowers if the person he was paired with happened to be on the cheesy side.
The make-shift med bay that Bruce had established in the corner of the workshop was nowhere near the setup he had back in New York. All it contained was an exam table, which the team had produced from somewhere else in the house (Tony assumed the same place that the spanking bench had come from), and a black bag that was jarringly familiar. In his own world, it had been Bruce’s go-bag, a duffle that he’d never unpacked in case he needed to make a hasty exit. Here, its function appeared to be to ferry the medical supplies Bruce deemed essential enough to travel with; Tony could see an open box of nitrite gloves and the salve they’d been putting on his ass and thighs since the punishment sitting on top, though from the way the bag was bulging at the sides, there was plenty there that he hadn’t seen yet. Clearly, Bruce did not travel lightly.
“I can do more,” he pleaded. “I can eat you out, I’m really good at that, or you can put the ring back on, as long as you want. Or—or.” He couldn’t think of what else to offer Natasha, what would be good enough for her, make her see that Tony really was trying to be a good submissive even if he was awful at it.
, and now you’re—I mean, what am I supposed to do now?”
He hesitated too long. Bucky let out an explosive sigh.
And just like that, there goes Rhodey's reputation as the reasonable one baha. Also, a special shout-out to AngelAni, who ages ago suggested a scene where Tony is taught to tie Thor up.
So that had been that. When he neared the Tower, JARVIS made contact, directing Peter to enter via what had once been the Iron Man landing pad on the roof. The second he stepped inside the penthouse, the whole space went dark as thick black panes covered the wall of windows that normally offered unmatched views of the city.
Finally, Bucky engages with a brief bout of self-harm (biting his lip) that Steve notes and is part of his insistence on Bucky calling his therapist. If you want to skip this, stop reading at "Even as he finished speaking..." and pick up again after the section break.
Which was how, roughly fifteen or so minutes later, Steve wound up settled in Tony’s bed. Well, settled was perhaps an inaccurate descriptor, given that the guy was a stiff, unmoving line next to Tony, and that one of his hands was still gripping the handle of the shield which was propped against the nightstand next to him. Tony only bothered to attempt sleep for around ten or so minutes before turning over and pressing himself against Steve’s back. It should have felt absurd to play at being the big spoon, but as big and unimaginably strong as Steve was, there was still a delicacy to the narrow span of his hips, the softness of his skin, his long artist’s fingers…
“If this is Pepper’s newest way of tricking me into signing things, I swear to Thor—”
“I’m pissy because it turns out I’m not fixed, just a little extra crazy right now. Oh and also I needed a special little cushion thing to be able to sit on these tik chairs, which I always loved until I tried to use them with a sore ass. What’s eating you?” This startled a laugh out of Bucky, even while traces of a scowl still curved his lips downward.
“You are not required this evening, Agent.”
First argument is an interesting one, because it of course depends whether you’re referring to specific disagreements between individuals, or more wide-scale disagreements amongst the Avengers as a romanic/sexual unit. We’ve seen several instances of the former, of course. As for the later, I suppose the team has not yet had cause for an argument of that scale, though again, perhaps something on the horizon given the fraught circumstances they’re handling at the moment.
“The hell does it matter to you?” Peter demanded, hissing as he pressed his hand deeper into the ice. “It’s not like you’ll be around to have to pick up the pieces. Not like you ever are.”
Clint was the best possible choice for something like this, that almost-condescension thing he played at perfect for the angle Bruce was going for. Soon a set of calloused hands settled themselves on his mouth, casually manipulating his jaw and tongue as if they were just objects to be better arranged to bring Bruce pleasure.
“He needs you. I’m not sure if it’s drop or something about this conversation. Probably both. Steve and I can make it through the rest of this without him, so I think you two should go back to what you were doing when I got here.” Clint had leapt to his feet and was across the room and looming over Tony, tall and muscled and determined before Tony’s brain could even compute the fact that he was being handed off.
He quickly grew less fond of her methods when it became clear that she was lobbing the easiest questions Peter’s way. Doubtless it was another attempt at making Peter feel included, asking him questions that he was almost guaranteed to know, but it was humiliating to realize that Liz thought so little of him. After the third such softball (“The first colony to gain independence in Africa in 1951 was…”) Flash began to clap sarcastically every time Peter responded correctly. Liz looked miserable and defeated; Peter began to wonder whether or not being forced to transfer schools would really be so bad. There was a rustling of papers and a disgruntled ‘hey!’ in the background, but he didn’t pay much attention until a pair of fingers was snapped in his face. The fingers turned out to belong to a girl with long, curly hair and a t-shirt featuring a scowling woman on it. She had been late for the round of introductions that had started off the meeting, but she was the only one (aside from Peter) who hadn’t gotten a single question wrong during the session.
over a pot of spicy chai that Bruce had brought back from his travels. Unlike most of the academics Steve had ever met, Bruce was excellent at translating his specialized knowledge, and he actually enjoyed reading and discussing popular scientific texts marketed to the broader public. They hadn’t done this in a while, because like so many traditions that had existed before their Tony’s death, Steve had only been able to see what had been missing in the aftermath: their Tony’s grumpy commentary, his attempts to avoid becoming involved in their conversations, which always ended in Bruce drawing him in with clever questions even Tony’s brilliant mind didn’t expect. Half the time those discussions had ended in arguments that went way over Steve’s head, but it had been more than worth it to watch his two geniuses, lit up and excited by one another’s unmatched intelligence.
“What’s really a shame, Morton, is that if you had actually used your brain this might have been the one time you stood a chance against Steve Rogers. He was tired. He was distracted. He was sloppy.” Natasha leapt down onto the mat in a single, sinuous motion and strode over to stand above Alex, who was still writhing on the mat and glaring up at her through the tears in his eyes. “Next time focus less on trying to come up with a good one-liner and more on your ground attack. Tall hunks of muscle like Steve are top-heavy, and if you can make that weight work for you instead of against you…well, you might not have a shot but at least you won’t embarrass yourself. Now get your ass to medical before I decide to pick up where Cap left off.”
“I needed information about his food intake, Clint.”
I hope you all enjoyed the chapter, and that you have a wonderful weekend. I remain endlessly grateful for and delighted by your comments, questions, and kudos. I couldn't ask for a more awesome bunch to have taken the long journey of this story with!
An interesting question. Their particular relationship certainly pushes at the boundaries of what is considered acceptable or even legal in this particular universe.
There was a long pause, long enough that Tony became aware of it even in the semi-timeless state he was floating in. Then a quiet word in Russian that Tony didn’t recognize (safeword, maybe?) and a set of footsteps, and oh god, had Bucky
Steve smiled, because he couldn’t help it. It felt so good to hear Tony babble again. Despite the gut-punch it had been to walk in here and see his former lover on the screen, it was even reassuring to know that Tony was committed to this too, that they were in it together no matter how impossible the task they had been set was. (He’d made the right decision coming up here.)
“Steve, I’m sorry.” His partner’s eyes closed, tears leaking down onto his face, and Tony wanted to be where Pepper was now, would have given anything just to touch Steve, to show him just how much he regretted what he’d done. But he sat, frozen in place as Steve’s chest heaved with the force of silent tears.
“It’s called submissive high.” A bolt of something cold and sticky and shot down Tony’s spine.
“Tonight at dinner…Tony, I want you to get to know us, and I also know that learning the orientation stuff is not really something you have a choice about. But as I sat there listening to all of us go on and on about the intricacies of dominance and submission, all I could think was that you weren’t being given a chance to get to know us beyond our differences, and vice versa. We know
Rhodey’s heavy breathing was the only sound on the other end of the line for several seconds.
Eventually, they wound up in an elevator. Tony selected one of the dozen levels all marked as training facilities.
“What do you come here today to request of me, Tony Stark?”
Clint, stunned to have been rendered so entirely ineffective, didn’t even manage a grunt, let alone a pithy reply. Coulson was taking notes on a holoscreen so quickly that his fingers weren’t even visible anymore.
And hey, remember to #AskStrange if you have questions you'd like the Doctor to cover!
“Fuck fuck fuck Steve, sir, please. ‘m ready. I want—” Steve silenced him with a kiss, all his remaining energy going into forcing himself not to wonder if he was quieting Clint because he truly wasn’t in the mood to hear begging, or because he was wishing it was someone else’s voice altogether.
want to do this. I still don’t. But if SI is going to force it—”
“Yes and no. I…a lot of what works for me about you guys is the differences, not the similarities. You’re a lot more likely to be disappointed by the changes than I am. And honestly, I already have enough issues with…well, a lot of shit, but self-worth and being set up to fail are pretty high up there. This really just waves a giant red flag in front of that metaphorical bull, doesn’t it?”
pointless, but Tony loved the little games he’d put into the house system, and it might be nice for Thor and Steve and Bucky, all of whom had to carefully modulate their strength during games, not to have to worry about popping the ball or hitting it too hard at another person for once.
He should have ended his exploration there. Instead, Peter took the elevator into the sub-basement. He told himself he was seeking nothing more than a potential glimpse of Professor Hulk’s lab space, but the pounding thud of his heart that accompanied his every step out of the elevator proved otherwise.
,” Peter spat with a betrayal and a hurt so strong it made Steve weirdly optimistic, because if Peter was as disinterested in a relationship with Tony as he’d been trying to pretend, he wouldn’t be this upset. “I should have fucking known there was a catch, good ol’ Parker luck, there’s
“I uh…I meant to say thanks. For the watch.” Thor didn’t stop chewing Swedish Fish with his mouth open (which, ew), but he did turn his eyes from the television screen for the first time in several hours, so Tony was counting that as a win.
Once Tony started asking questions, he couldn’t seem to stop. Steve didn’t mind this, had never minded the other man’s boundless interest in the world, except for the fact that all of Tony’s food was sitting untouched on the table. When he pointed this out, Tony huffed and took a large bite from the half-eaten hotdog in Steve’s hand. It was just like he’d done with Pepper before the press conference—not quite hand feeding, but a casual, friendly sharing of food that demonstrated at least some degree of comfort and trust. Steve concentrated very, very hard on trying to appear equally as casual when all he wanted to do was shout in triumph.
“Do I have to choose just one?”
“Would you agree with that assessment?” Talia seemed surprised but gratified to be asked, and she gave the question a good deal of consideration.
With how smoothly and slowly Steve had brought him down into headspace paired with his Dom’s brief struggle against his own drop, Tony hadn’t anticipated wanting or needing much in the way of aftercare. To some degree that expectation was true; he didn’t (thank all the science Gods) stay down for as long as he had following some of the other scenes, or lose touch with basic facilities like talking and eating on his own. The shorter duration did not, however, make Steve’s solo version of aftercare any less intense. It was more like a particularly concentrated drink, something so powerful that you couldn’t possibly take much of it for too long.
Other evenings were more subdued, like the one where Thor showed up with a massive jug of Asgardian mead and sadly announced that he was certain enough that he’d brought physical harm to Tony that the two of them had decided to forego any D/s play for the time being.
“Tony will want him at Pres,” Steve and Rhodes said in unison, grinning weakly at one another. (It could have been way worse, Steve supposed. This was their first major crisis with Rhodey as their partner, and if the two of them had wanted to go in different directions, it might have gotten tense quickly.)
“You start. I know you two have been spending a lot of time together lately. Tell me everything that’s happened in the last week, whether you think it’s relevant or not.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“And how do you suggest I do that?”
“I am not!”
He’d never expected Rhodey to be anything but a good, responsible Dominant, but the aftercare that followed the spanking still came somewhat as a surprise. (His own Rhodey had cared fiercely and deeply, but had rarely been demonstrative except when drunk. In hindsight Tony realized this was probably a huge part of why he always insisted on drinking so much when Rhodey had been around.) What came as even more of a shock, despite the literal pain in his ass, was how much better he felt in the wake of the spanking. He’d felt relief after the only other punishment he’d had involving pain, but he’d assumed that had much more to do with the release of finally telling someone what had happened to his Natasha. Rhodey thought otherwise.
Content Notes: Second response contains brief explicit representation of sex. Third contains Endgame spoilers (including the deleted scenes) and representation of perceived character death (including loss of parental figure.) Read carefully and with attention to your own triggers.
Pepper Potts arrives at Avengers Tower just as things really start going sideways. Naturally.
the atom. Broken would mean it was whole and then someone destroyed its structure; the atom was always made up of smaller elements than Dalton thought. He just lacked the technology to be able to visualize it at that level. So no one knew until they split it apart and could see what else was inside—kind of like smashing, actually.” Tony could have gleefully lectured about the development of atomic science all day, but even he had some level of self preservation instincts, and the Hulk had been still, entirely still, since Tony had made his presence known. He’d stepped too far into the room to be able to make it to the door, but if these labs featured the same security measures as those in Tony’s world, there should be a few Hulk-containment methods in here that could be voice activated...
“…fuck.”
“The men we believe to be in charge of the rebel force are Kaikara and Ochen Ssenjovu, brothers. Those who are with them seek only financial gain, but investigation has revealed that these men may have more personal reasons for betraying their country’s agreement with Wakanda. We suspect they were initially not twins but triplets. The man we believe to be their brother died just prior to Wakanda revealing itself to the world, and of a condition that our country likely would have been able to treat. Our intelligence suggests that since learning of Wakanda’s true status, Ochen in particular has been seeking an opportunity for revenge.”
“Mild concussion; SHIELD and Bruce insisted on a CT and I’m clear of any other head trauma. Second degree burn on the arm.” She reached out her uninjured arm to scrape the remaining all dressed chips from the bowl on the coffee table, and then jerked her chin toward Rogers in wordless question.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sustan Sontag.
“Just tell him and go, Pepper. I have this.” She sighed again, a long, defeated sound that reminded Tony far more of the post-Snap version of his own Pepper than the one that he’d slowly become familiar with on this side. He sat up, some of the edges of headspace falling away in the face of her obvious distress.
“Hmm.” When Clint spoke again, it was in the closest to what Tony had learned was his Dominant tone that Clint had ever directed at him. “If—
“Oh that’s lovely, sweetheart. God the sight you make. Wearing my sweater and that sexy fucking underwear, why do I ever look at anything but you, huh?” There was a gritty tone to Steve’s voice that Tony had long since learned always meant sex, and sure enough his Dominant was palming himself as he watched Tony on the floor at his feet.
To add to the thoroughly bizarre atmosphere having industrial rock playing in Coulson’s office made, the man himself also wasn’t in the ergonomic monstrosity of a chair that he always sat in to do paperwork. Coulson was seated on the front edge of his desk, the top button of his shirt undone and his tie slightly loosened. He was undoubtedly still in Agent mode, but he was also going out of his way to make small concessions, to let hints of Phil in, too.
.” The uncharacteristic curse from Bruce was the only warning Tony got before the flogger began to land with increasing speed. The blows remained as precise as they had been the entire time, but the methodical pacing he’d always associated with Bruce was falling away in the face of their shared desperation. He had never felt Bruce like this, with the very last of his hesitation stripped away. It was glorious and primal and Tony was prouder of himself than he ever thought he’d could be, that he’d helped to bring Bruce to this place, that his most reserved and careful Dominant was finally letting go. “God, it’s never going to be enough.” Tony nodded in frantic agreement.
“Please do not speak until I address you, Captain Rogers. Agent Avelnio.” A pause. “Talia. Look at me. Good, thank you. Now, you are well aware that’s not what I meant. I had hoped that we could delay our conversation on this matter because I am aware it is not customary for you to join orientational dynamics with your work. I have attempted to…restrain myself as best as I could for precisely those reasons. But now, unless I am very much mistaken, you are fighting to be assigned a long and dangerous night shift, your second in as many nights, purely because I shall be there. You are also disrupting my conversations with my superior officers and disrespecting me in front of my troops. None of this may continue. So we must speak plainly with one another.” The even staccato of Masdee’s short sentences, skirting the very edges of Dominant commands without actually becoming that, appeared to hit Talia like a drug. Her arms slowly unwrapped, and she pressed her palms against her thighs in her own small show of submission. “Let us then have no misunderstandings. Am I correct in assuming that the attraction I feel towards you is mutual?”
, Steve’s message continued.
The conversation that followed, where Masdee explained what she understood of the scientific and technological intricacies of the barrier, felt as intimate as watching two people kiss or make love. The rest of the Wakandan contingent surveyed the scene, occasionally looking to Steve uneasily as if expecting him to intervene, maybe to even accuse Masdee of being inappropriate. But how could he possibly do that when he could practically witness the world, bright with potential and excitement, unfolding in front of these women? He didn’t know how this would work, what negotiations or compromises would be required; he’d lost too much to believe that a promising present guaranteed anything about the future. But he did know that he had no interest in trying to stifle any of the possibilities.
Though the stiff formality of Tony’s request for an appointment had given him pause, Phil is ultimately grateful for the warning it provides about the other man’s arrival. While what he was doing was not technically illegal or unethical, his actions also weren’t something we would have chosen to advertise to Tony.
“Of course Sir. The Yankees defeated the White Sox this evening, though popular opinion has it that an officiating error was what truly cost Chicago the game. The Dow Jones has plunged another 1100 points, but analysts suggest…”
Something about that option felt slightly unsatisfying, though, like a low-fat, low-carb micro-meal at a fancy restaurant when all you really wanted was a burger, dripping with grease and thick-sliced cheese and heaps of condiments. If this was going to work, really work, then Rhodey needed to feel confident seeking out people besides Steve. That still left the question of who. As much as Rhodey had embraced the weirdness of his life nowadays, the concept of texting a demigod still felt a little too mind-bending after a long day of meetings with Air Force brass. Natasha, while softer than she sometimes let on (especially with Tony), still felt too intimidating to seek out individually. Bucky seemed to have enough on his plate at present.
“Yessir,” Tony rushed to agree. When Bruce groaned in reply, he felt the vibrations all the way through him.
“I wish I’d been there.” Steve said it without thinking, and regretted it immediately. (He didn’t even know for sure which ‘there’ he meant—this new Tony’s past, or the present when he’d learned about Ultron.) The silence on the other end of the line lasted long enough that he wondered if Tony might have passed out.
child…Steve marvelled at the very fact of his survival. And then realization hit Steve, and he was as sure of what he said next as he had ever been of anything.
As always, let me know if you have questions or concerns, or want to read around any of these sections.
“What are you like? As a Dominant, I mean. Clint implied that you’re…easier than he is, but I still don’t totally know what that means.”
“I could kill you with my pinky, Barton,” Bucky mumbled in a slurred, lazy tone that was about as threatening as the kitten Hulk had once rescued from a tree. Steve was caught between amusement and a deeper, almost painful kind of gratitude that this was really the kind of scene that could just greet him now.
Tony told it, knowing, somehow, that it would understand, I want to bargain. It grew angry; the searing sensation on his left arm increased ten-fold, stealing the breath from his lungs and bowing his back into a near impossible arch.
“Okay, let’s get you out of there, Stark. My magic is apparently responding to the intensity of your desires to see these people, and while I am impressed at its sophistication, I don’t want to break your brain.” The connection broke, and he was back in Strange’s weird house, his head between his knees.
“NO! I’m telling you he’s not—he just disappeared! He could still be alive! Get up, goddamn you, get up!” Steve didn’t speak a reply, very possibly couldn’t, but he reached up and pulled Peter down onto the ground with him, wrapping his arms so tightly around the boy’s slight frame it definitely had to be painful even with Peter’s own enhanced strength. Peter gave as good as he got though, beating his fists against Steve’s chest, kicking and biting and trying everything he could manage to escape Steve’s hold. The sight reminded Natasha so acutely of the children in her orphanage when they tantrumed that it became impossible not to remember just how young Peter really was. (Too young to have lost so much.) “He’s not. He’s not. He’s not.” Peter’s chanted protests became softer, his arms beginning to exhaust themselves. He buried his face against Steve’s dirt and blood-covered neck, weeping.
“I miss you, Stevie. And I miss him, too.”
“Alright, so what do we have as options…well half of this is just super kinky sex, and that is just…yeah, no. Jay, get rid of anything that relies primarily or exclusively on sexual forms of submission.” That narrowed the field considerably, which was both alarming and a relief, because there was no way Tony was willing to go there with any of them yet, but especially Cap. “Okay. Okay, the food stuff I already sort of knew based on what Rhodey said. Asking Cap to cook for me is gong to be way too much of a giveaway, but put food on the list, Jay. I’ll think of something. What else, what else…I can’t kneel for Cap, especially not after how we ended things last time. I don’t have a collar or anything else to ‘symbolize my commitment to my submission,’ fucking hell why is this so complicated?”
The bell rang at 3:15, though Peter was on edge in anticipation of the noise for several minutes before that. It was partly the sound; enhanced hearing was handy for things like fighting crime and sneaking out of the apartment without getting caught, but it also had a tendency to make the most mundane aspects of life almost unbearable sometimes. For some reason, Midtown’s scientifically advanced curriculum and technologies had never been extended to the noise they had chosen to signal the end of classes. The bell was shrill, endless, and Peter could have sworn that someone had gone in with sound mixing tech to add in strains of something especially unbearable, like squealing bicycle brakes or something. The sound made most of the un-enhanced students in the school, even the seniors, flinch. After the spider bite, with all of his senses turned up to eleven, it made Peter want to claw his own eardrums out. More than once he’d skipped classes not because of any Spider-Man related duties, but just to avoid having to hear the damn bell one more time.
“So it’ll be most effective if we have something to compare this with that’s more the norm. People’s Dominin, subtonin, and cortisol levels when they’re home versus when they’ve been at work for eight hours without any kind of orientational interaction. People like numbers when there’s not too many of them, so you’re going to have an easier time persuading the people who need persuading if you can say, for instance, that people’s cortisol levels are x percent lower when they have the chance to voluntarily Dominate or submit during the workday than when they don’t. I swear I’ve seen something like this before, I just can’t think of where.”
Steve received a glaring reminder of this fact when he walked into the penthouse to find his submissive standing in the middle of the penthouse living room. His arms were crossed defensively against his chest, and he was staring poisonously at Clint, who was seated on the couch with Thor at his feet. Clint wasn’t angry, but he also wasn’t going to give an inch, not with the Dominance that he was projecting with every breath. Steve considered going giving the three of them their space, but Tony had already seen him and was storming over.
“I…Steve, Sir, I can’t.” It was one thing to have Steve hold him down and put his head into that soft, sticky, slow realm of subspace, but this…his parted legs tried to slide together, but Steve planted his hands on both of Tony’s thighs.
“For the first month after she had Peter my sister couldn’t stop calling her husband by their dog’s name,” May offered. “Kids make you lose your shit.”
“I wasn’t sleeping,” Peter shrugged, because he had a harder time bothering to lie first thing in the morning. “Is this all for us?” Even for a super-soldier and another enhanced person, the spread seemed excessive. Steve laughed and set a plate down in front of him.
“Save me the eggplant parmesan or I swear I will eat every single piece of garlic bread,” he threatened, ignoring Natasha’s smug grin. (Hell, it had been a while now, and their minimal interactions had been fine. Seeing Tony in a more informal setting, buffered by their entire team…it might even be nice.)
“He didn’t finish his coffee.” It was such a stupid way to start telling the story of his lover’s death that Steve wanted to seize the words back from the silence they had erupted into. Dr. Domen, however, was sitting forward in her seat and, for the first time, had put down her tablet. “He…Tony hated call-outs that came before he finished his first cup of coffee. The cleaning staff all had standing orders not to touch his mug until he got back, and it didn’t matter if the damn thing was ice cold by the time we finished what we’d been doing. The first thing he’d always do when we got back to the Tower was finish that cup of coffee.”
(See the end of the chapter for
What he hadn’t expected, though, was to feel nervous on his first ‘real’ day of work. It was just SHIELD and Coulson, after all, Tony had rebuffed and mocked both numerous times in his own universe. But then, he mused, things might have turned out very differently for his team and his world if SHIELD hadn’t fallen with such dramatic finality. This felt weirdly like a second chance.
Steve himself was still getting used to it too. He’d been skirting the edges of Dom-dep for the better part of a year, going into shallow versions of headspace just enough to keep himself steady and get the team off his back. He’d forgotten what it was like to just linger in headspace this way, with no purpose or goal beyond shared pleasure and companionship. (And Dr. Domen assured him that the guilt he felt anytime he felt good would slowly start to ebb, too. This one was harder to believe, but the woman had earned at least a bit of his trust by this point.)
“I mean, he wasn’t always bad. He was able to lift Thor’s hammer in the end, and that’s supposed to be some sort of magically-objective measure of worth, right?”
Someone—Thor, yeah that had to be Thor—screamed something that sounded like Clint’s codename. Seconds later, there was an almighty crash as an entire platform crashed to the ground. Steve saw a flash of purple in the dust and debris that confirmed what he’d heard.
“Nope. Seriously. I like seeing you all, and I appreciate the company while I’m basically confined to the Tower. But it’s not supposed to be an obligation. Rogers needs you, and you all clearly need to be with him. So do me a favour: take that tragedy of a bot and go down to him. I’ll be fine up here on my own for a while. I won’t even light anything on fire.”
. Well, Butterfingers was mainly spinning herself in circles with her arm raised in the air, but Barnes had hold of her claw and was crooning to her.
“He was. He always is.”
Tony and Steve both deal with the consequences of the evening prior.
There was still so much to deal with, so many unanswered questions and plans to make. But it turned out to be next to impossible for Steve to focus on any of that with Tony and Bucky curled up at their feet on what was rapidly turning into ‘their’ spot on the floor of the penthouse living room, gossiping and petting each other like a couple of kittens. Tony was despairing of what he termed his own laziness, because apparently he’d planned to be through aftercare and down in the shop by now.
“Steve—” Pepper started, laying a hand on his arm which he immediately shook off.
“Makes me kind of want to die from embarrassment. Being held open like that, for that long, so that you and everyone else could see…fuck, Steve.” He half wanted to beg for it to happen right there, no matter how sore his ass would be, and Steve seemed to realize that because he got Tony sitting back in his original position and ran a soothing hand through his wet hair.
“It’s not your fault, Tony.” Bruce wasn’t one of the people who had laughed, Tony was pretty sure, but nor was he hiding his amusement particularly well. “Bucky has always had a particularly—well, powerful Dominant voice, especially for a Switch. Add to that the fact that you’re not used to your system responding to vocal aspects of Domination, and, well…”
The events of the Battle of New York were nearly identical to those of the MCU. You are correct, however, to suspect that Phillip Coulson’s role was different. The wound he sustained from Loki was not quite as severe; while Colonel Fury was technically correct when he used the fact of Coulson’s being near death to spur the Avengers on, he ended up making a near-total recovery. (He also punched Colonel Fury for fouling his Captain America cards.)
“At least tell me you’re going to order pizza on the Avenger’s credit card and do the dance from
“If someone has managed to give that back to him—give Tony back to himself? Let him have a chance to heal, hand the fight off to someone else for a while? Shit. The last thing I’d ever want is for him to come back here.”
For the length of just a few moments, a want that bordered on greed covered Peter’s face as plain as day. The kid wanted to be here, of that Steve was certain. Peter wanted to believe in everything Tony was offering, and carefully not offering, not yet anyway. He was absolutely aching for someone to believe in him and protect him the way Tony already was. Steve ached for them both, even as he was not entirely surprised when Peter shook his head with clear regret.
“I could keep you here like this forever,” Natasha informed him, leaning forward to run her nails up his chest. “In my bed, ready and willing and so sweetly eager to take whatever I wish to give you.” Tony’s dick pulsed in reply, but an edge of something sharper and far less pleasant nudged at the edge of his consciousness. (Would she really want to keep him like this, so needy he couldn’t see straight? Would she ever allow him to come? Or had he somehow made her so angry that she would want him to stay on the edge like this, desperate and broken?)
Did I mention your comments and kudos give me life? Because they do! Thank you all so much for how fun you're making it to share and discuss this story. You're great. There was also an #AskStrange question this week, so feel free to check out the reply to that as well. And if you want the good Doctor to answer your question...well, just ask!
“We’ll ease our way into it. In the next couple of days I’ll provide prompts, or we can discuss potential options. For today, I’d like you to write ‘I asked for help when I needed it.’ And then I’d like you to try to remember that you can in fact
He stood there, frozen, one leg in his pants and one out, until a short knock preceded Rhodey’s entrance into the room. His best friend did not appear at all surprised by Tony’s state, nor did he give off a single hint of pity. He helped Tony into his pants, thrust a shirt at him and matter-of-factly informed him that he needed to wash up and be in the kitchen within ten minutes.
Steve looked out toward the ocean as he considered his answer. It had been so long since this topic had even come up; he was sure Tony still had some lingering insecurities about potential comparisons, but more and more he seemed to be realizing that he was loved on his own terms, not as an imperfect mirror of someone else.
“Now, please, FRIDAY.”
“What if I come with and I order Rescue to hover outside the window instead standing guard inside?” Tony offered. Pepper, too, had registered the pregnant pause. She glanced at Steve, seeming to confirm they were on the same page. It was nice even in the midst of his confusion to feel like Pepper and the Avengers were finally working together on the same team. He shrugged; Pepper frowned, then glanced again at Rescue.
“As long as it’s only his policies.” Richards practically fell out of his chair fake-laughing at that one; Tony took a long sip of his drink with what he hoped came across like a secretive smile (rather than a contemptuous one.) “Any…adventures in particular that I should be trying to steer him clear of, for our benefit?”
“Sorry?”
did. Personally I’m not sure I’d take help from you even if you offered it.” Anger, Peter had also learned recently, made him say really stupid things, the kind of stuff that he never could have even imagined Before. It was usually directed at Steve, but Strange was a promising new target who deserved it at least as much, if not more. After all, Steve might have been able to do things in the past that would have prevented Tony’s not-death, but at least he hadn’t led him right to it, made him feel like there was no other option.
. The second ball landed next to the second, and Coulson closed his fist again, a tender embrace of Steve’s most horrible secrets.
Stark Industries is committed to the highest standards of academic integrity and honesty. AIs are urged to familiarize themselves with samples of University Codes of Student Behaviour (freely available online at any major institution) and avoid any behaviour which could potentially result in suspicions of cheating, plagiarism, misrepresentation of facts and/or participation in an offence. Academic dishonesty is a serious offence, and a violation of the central themes of the course.
He’d extricated himself from the dance as soon as was possible without causing a scene, but that had given Sunset more than enough time to taunt him about his status, and to imply in numerous and entirely un-subtle ways that she would be happy to take Tony back ‘in hand’ now that she knew just how much he needed it.
“Rhodey?” The movie noise got quieter and Tony’s own body shook with the force of Rhodey’s gentle chuckles.
, who had never struck him as anything less than in control a hundred percent of the time.
.” Peter meant to say more, wanted to tell Ned that it was Peter himself who would benefit most from the chance to huddle over Lego with his friend again, even just for the length of time it would take to clean up the mess. But he closed his mouth before any of those words spilled out. Ned had suffered over the past year, just as alone as Peter had been, and it wasn’t fair to expect to be able to just stroll back into his life now.
Steve was used to seeing Thor in flight. It was always the most otherworldly that Thor looked; it was easy to forget the man wasn’t human when he was stuffing multiple pop-tarts in his mouth at once or arguing with Clint about Mario Kart, but there was no way to witness the seemingly effortless ease with which Thor pierced through sky and cloud and not realize in your bones that he was not, and could never be, fully human.
. He had come, and maybe that meant he hadn’t given up on Tony altogether. Maybe there was something left, still, to fight for.
“We got this,” Tony repeated, and his answering smile was something beautiful and almost shy that Steve would happily spend the rest of his life trying to provoke.
Tony felt, honestly, like a little bit of a creep, emerging from a dimly lit part of an alley in Jersey City to talk to a young girl. But sneaking into her home the way he had Peter’s back in his old universe was not an option. He watched as Kamala jumped, saw the effort and control it took for her to reign in a reflexive use of her powers to defend herself against an unknown foe. (The girl was good.)
Tony nearly said no, because Steve was right, there was little to do about commitment and abandonment issues as deep as his own. Nothing but the sheer repetition of breaking his expectations over and over again would really convince him they were wrong. But then the image of Phil kneeling on the penthouse floor, handing his worries over to Natasha in the form of small metal balls came to the forefront of his mind, and he knew what he needed to do. He practically scrambled to get out from underneath a clearly confused Steve, whose pursed lips and crinkled spot between his eyes suggested he was worried Tony might be making a run for it.
“That’s a great choice, Tony.”
Then Steve had very nearly left, abandoning this timeline to recapture a lost ideal in Peggy Carter. He’d known even then what a mistake it would be, had known it since that day in the 70s when he’d allowed himself to linger one more time outside her office. Oh things would have been great for the first few days, maybe even weeks. They could have danced cheek-to-cheek, he could have said and done all the things he’d regretted not saying and doing when he’d woken to learn that the world had moved on, and Peggy with it. Except then he would have had to build a life with someone he barely knew, someone who's happy future without him he would have selfishly ripped away.  He would never have fit back into the life he’d lost, and while Bucky had never argued with Steve when he’d communicated his intentions, Steve also knew that moments like this one were signs that Bucky had not yet forgiven him for nearly going through with the attempt.
What happened next could only charitably be called a hand job, given how short a time it was between’s Phil’s hand wrapping around Tony and him screaming his release. There was no room anywhere in Tony’s head for shame about that, though, no room for anything but contentment and Phil’s quiet words of praise and comfort.
“You were saving yourself for my Rhodey, weren’t you?” Clint choked on the energy drink he’d been downing, and maybe even blushed a little. Seriously, the effect Rhodey had on the rest of the team was never not going to be delightful. No one, except Tony who loved and adored Rhodey but wasn’t sexually interested in him in the slightest, seemed immune. They all turned into shy, almost bumbling fools around the guy, and it was truly the best entertainment money couldn’t buy.
The last section of the chapter also involves a sexual scene with most of the team. (Bucky chooses only to observe.) At Tony's request, it includes elements of exhibitionism and humiliation. The latter is fairly gentle as humiliation kinks go, but still might be worth skipping if that's not your jam. (If you want to do so, stop reading at the section that ends "so it doesn't turn into something worse, okay?") As always, let me know if you have questions or concerns. And remember, too, that while I do my best to depict ethical and consensual relationships, it's always okay to nope out if your definition of what that looks like differs from mine.
“That sounds like the most sensible advice I’ve been given in a long time, Captain Birikha. Thank you.”
The room exploded for a second time the moment Tony stepped out and onto the podium. There was a horrible moment where he blanked on where he was supposed to stand, but then Steve shifted, making space between himself and Rhodey. Tony was fairly sure that wasn’t the arrangement they had landed on; there had been a lot of discussion about not emphasizing his friendships with Pepper and Rhodey over his romantic relationships with the team, to the point where Rhodey’s very presence on the stage had not even always been a given.
“Then allow me to say it again. I am impr—”
“I assume you want at least one of us with you to monitor you both, given the murkiness of consent here?” Steve nodded gratefully. “It should be someone he’s scened with already. That rules out myself, unfortunately, and I think Clint is still too close to submissive headspace right now for him to be a good option.”
What does category 6 switch mean? How many categories are there? What are the categories of doms and subs? (Sorry that’ll probably end up being a lot of information. :P You don’t have to answer all of it.)
As the team’s handler, Phil had been selected to be the first to read and review the file Tony had sent over the previous afternoon. Given that spies were essentially professional snoops by nature, he had been undeniably relieved by the choice at first; now that he had the entire team staring at him, rapt and anxious, he was rethinking that reaction. He had held actual magical artifacts before that made him feel less like he held the fate of the universe in his grasp than he did right now.
“Thanks for taking the time to meet with me today, Daryl. I know things are hectic enough as it is without you having to catch the boss up on his own job.”
“We could just ask him,” Natasha pointed out, shrugging when the others turned to stare at her. “Look, I like the idea of us planning the bonding ceremony, but the fact is that on top of the fact that it’s a tradition from his universe we’re talking about, Tony is a damn good event planner, and he might actually
“So, here’s the deal, kid. In general, good idea to avoid ever pissing off your nurses; you spend way more time with them than you do your doctors, and the nurses hold all the real power. You especially have to avoid telling them they’re wrong when they’re not; your bills are taken care of.” Peter’s nurse beat a hasty path to the door after throwing a grateful smile Tony’s way, which left the two of them alone. The kid’s eyes followed the nurse to the door, and then landed on Tony with the delayed, dazed air of someone both stunned and completely exhausted.
“I safe worded one time, Stevie, it’s not the end of the goddamn world.” Even as he finished speaking, Bucky was already biting his lip, a small self-harm practice the team had worked long and hard to discourage. Steve shook his head and put a finger against Bucky’s mouth.
He drifted again, waking to Rhodey rubbing increasingly hard circles against his back.
By the time Steve’s hands were between his legs washing his cock and balls, Tony was glad for the excuse to be making small whining noises. It turned out even talking  bout their scene was enough to make him half out of his mind again.
“We should do it here.”
“Yes, pet, I’ll make sure to get Tony set up with a safeword before we proceed any further. But that’s not your job to worry about right now, is it?”
“When we fought, he didn’t recognize me until about halfway through. When he did, he said my name. Like—like we had a history, like he…
“O…kay. Let’s tackle the obvious thing first. Stark, are you somehow actually…here?”
Silence blanketed the room again. Eventually, fearing his knees would buckle on him, Steve made his way to the chair across from Domen. His legs shook on the way down with a kind of exhaustion he didn’t know he was capable of feeling any more.
. Okay, like, tomorrow we are doing some espionage lessons, you understand me? Because there’s working with the familiar and then there’s—seriously, Tony, Captain Stevens? Tell me you’re kidding. Please. For my sanity, tell me you’re kidding. Aww, Tony, no.”
“Nah, I prefer that all elevator action be purely consensual, and preferably not happen until the third date unless I’m on some kind of mission-related clock. Now get in before Dummy decides I’m treating him to an evening of delights instead.” Tony’s traitorous bot beeped hopefully.
“Is Mr. Stark pregnant?” This startled a laugh out of Steve.
“She didn’t attack you? It seemed…when we talked, I thought you implied…”
He was not, however, accustomed to said cursing being in Russian, or to finding Natasha alone in the workshop in the middle of the night, wielding a large knife while clad in a pair of worn, soft gingham pajamas.
Phil came into the sleeve by the fourth strike, then sobbed his way through the rest of the set from a combination of overstimulation and frustration that the sleeve had won another victory over his own self-control. Steve’s orgasm was almost an afterthought to that moment, to the deeply Dominant satisfaction of watching his sub overcome by pleasure in a way that had not quite been forced, but had also not arrived entirely on Phil’s own terms.
, Tony thought,
“Roughly triple the normal range, yes. From your reaction I’m guessing cortisol still exists in your universe, but I want to spell this out because it should help you understand why were we appalled to learn what Howard had done to our Tony. His heart could have given out from that kind of prolonged stress-response. Cortisol raises blood sugar, so he could have gone into the equivalent of a diabetic coma. His blood pressure, his ability to achieve REM sleep…best case scenario he could have…hell, he
, a category-3 submissive, was unwell for some time due to the absence of orientational dynamics in space. However, he now returns to the planet when necessary, and hopes that his current partnership will develop into a long term contract that will involve his partner travelling with the Guardians.
“Sir is currently in the workshop, Mr. Parker.”
“Not wanting to drink
“There’s a call for you from Avenger’s Tower.” Steve blinked and his eyes reflexively sought out his cell phone, which he found sitting fully charged on his nightstand per usual. “Oh, yeah—the call came in to King T’Challa’s most secure line. He didn’t even know you all had the number, actually, which Princess Shuri is greatly amused about. But you’ll need to go up to his rooms to take it.”
The Avengers are called out for their first mission since Tony's arrival just as a wayward resident makes his way home.
He wasn’t facing Bruce yet, so for just a couple of seconds Tony allowed himself to squeeze his eyes shut, pretending like a child that if he couldn’t see the problem, then he wouldn’t have to deal with it.
“You’re not wrong; there should be a way for the system to account for chronic pain. Okay. What’s the baseline, then?” Tony jumped as Bruce’s hands slid confidently up his thighs, the tone of the touches somehow both intimate and clinical.
“Been laying down a lot lately. Barely seen you these last few days.”
“Well, for the most part I’ll try to stay out of your way, same as I did when I was around the first time. But of course, if there are issues on which you want my input specifically I’ll be happy to make myself available. Just give me a little longer to get caught up; my Dominants aren’t particularly thrilled at the idea of me pulling all-nighters immediately after returning from the dead, you see. So unreasonable.”
Other than a brief blip that turned out to have been caused by Peter himself attempting to dislodge one of the many monitors he was wearing, all the readings remained stable for the next several hours. Tony could feel exhaustion’s grip on his consciousness slowly strengthening: his limbs were heavy, his brain was sluggish, even simple bodily functions like blinking felt like they required an extraordinary amount of effort. At this point it was nothing but the emotional equivalent of muscle memory (was that a thing? Whatever, Tony was making it a thing) keeping him awake, replaying the memory of losing his own Peter overlaid with the screeching sound the monitors had made two nights ago when the medical team had been fighting to keep this version of the kid stable.
He’d been light and careful with the crop the night before; despite Tony's skepticism, Steve really had done little more than warm him up, so he was unsurprised to find Tony’s skin unmarked. Well, not entirely; there were two bruises forming on his shins, and Steve had no idea how those had gotten there. His hole would probably be a little tender, too, Steve should check again for any tearing or—
Phil’s steps were crisp and even as he entered the quinjet. (Still in Agent Coulson mode, then. That was probably for the best.) He inspected Steve the same way he always did, pushing Steve’s back up against the chair when he tried to curl in on himself and hide from the weight of Phil’s regard. God, the sight he must make. The white star on his chest was the discoloured orange of dried blood, which was also in Steve’s hair and face. His hands were a complete disaster; when Natasha and Thor had finally succeeded in pulling Steve off Taskmaster, he’d taken several shots at the wall instead, until one of them had creaked ominously and Natasha had hissed,
“Well I’m not dead, so that’s pretty fucking awesome. Except for those of you who may be losing money in some kind of pool—”
“We’re supposed to wait to scene, so that you know we value you regardless of what your relationship to submission is. I know that.” Tony blinked, fighting back a bit of hurt at the strength of Steve’s aversion to scening with him.
“I’ve never found it advisable to plan on leaving General Zabu’s company one moment before she intends it,” Angzata offered, his voice lowered to a conspiratorial whisper. For the second time, Steve couldn’t help but bark out a laugh.
And on some level, of course, Steve knew this better than anyone else. He’d witnessed the worst of Tony’s drunken, self-destructive rages, had pulled him out of life-threatening situations that Tony had sought out with all the determination of a heat-seeking missile. He’d seen Tony selfish and cutting and brutal, had watched him unleash the true force of his brilliant mind with cruel precision on the people who loved him best, just to prove to himself that they’d still be there when he was done. But all of this paled in comparison to Tony’s essential goodness, and the suggestion that he focus on those flaws instead left Steve incensed. He squeezed hard at the ball again.
“Oh God, you’re the one who paid the bills,” May groaned, slapping her hand to her forehead. “I’ve been getting the runaround about this for weeks.”
“I guess I really should have known,” she mused as she held him close. She had planted her hand unerringly at the back of his neck, nails digging directly over where a collar would rest if Tony were that kind of sub. “You were just too pretty on your knees to be a switch, weren’t you darling?”
I have the next chapter mostly written already, so I'm hoping to get back to a semi-regular schedule, but I also make no promises until the end of the semester. Thank you so very much to those of you reading, commenting, kudos-ing, and asking questions of myself and/or the Doctor. I absolutely love writing this verse in large part because of all of you! *blows germy kisses*
The pieces came together quickly after that. Natasha, below Steve on the chain of command, had received word of Spiderman’s injuries first; she had been watching him outside official channels. That in itself was not entirely a surprise; she had alluded to some kind of knowledge of the man when she’d urged Steve not to corner him during their last Community Day. The piece of the puzzle that he’d been missing at that point, however, was where this knowledge had come from, and where exactly her sudden investment in a relatively minor player in Queens was coming from. His eyes found Tony, whose immediate transformation at Natasha’s news was so complete that Steve could barely recognize him as the same man who had been kneeling contentedly at Bucky’s feet no more than two minutes ago. The colour had drained entirely from his face, and he was gripping his left arm with his right.
“How much did Peter explain before he told you? Did you let him finish, or did you just fuck off with the suit or something? Because it really doesn’t seem like the kid to just throw something like this at you and split.”
(They would fix this. They had to. Failing Tony Stark twice was not an option.)
“Wait—what? Last session? I’m not, I mean, you’re always saying it’s not about a definite endpoint. I still have things I want to work on and get better at.”
In hindsight, that should have been his first clue that something was not quite adding up. Pepper might get annoyed or frustrated with him sometimes, but she had never really been the type for guilt trips. As it was, Tony was so relieved to have her on his side, not threatening to tell the team or otherwise prevent his actions, that he agreed readily.
Next to the last one was a large amber stain that Tony was certain was whiskey.
“Let’s start with the absolute basics.” Bruce is standing at the front of a space organized as a miniaturized classroom; there are long tables serving as desks, and an honest-to-goodness whiteboard at the front, though Tony suspects his counterpart had enhanced it. He wonders what would necessitate a space like this, considers that maybe this Bruce typically works with a full laboratory staff. The thought of someone else down here, sharing Bruce’s space, hearing the way he loses all of his carefully cultivated composure when he’s really deep into something, it makes Tony oddly jealous. “You remember Rhodey telling you last night that there’s testing at 14, right? The result of that is the classification of every individual according to a single scale: the Orientation Classification System, or OCS.” Bruce waves a wrist and a chart is projected on the whiteboard. He gives Tony a moment to peruse it himself rather than holding his hand through it, which is nice.
“Of course. Let’s talk a little more informally, though, unless you’re in pain anywhere I should take a look at?” Tony shook his head, then let it fall back against Bruce’s chest. His shirt smelled like sunshine and the fancy organic detergent Tony had once kept his homes stocked with, before preparations for the showdown with Thanos had made such comforts irrelevant. He sighed happily and pressed a kiss against Bruce’s bicep, feeling oddly thrilled at the contact given how formal check-ins normally were. “Talk to me, honey. You seem good today, hmm?”
“No. I just don’t need a goddamn sweater.” Far from getting Steve to back off, this was enough to have him crossing the room and tilting Tony’s head up by the chin in a silent demand for eye contact. Tony stared obstinately off to the side, though this backfired slightly when Dummy rolled into his line of sight and issued a long, curious beep. (Ugh. Tony really couldn’t get away from the questions in this place.)
“Do you need the silence to be externally enforced, or just something I make clear to the others that is not to be disturbed?” He blinked several times, but Natasha clarified before he could even formulate the question. “Do you want a gag, Tony?”
“I want, I want to be what you need, though.”
Another excellent question, and one whose answer is tied up both in ongoing scientific investigations as well as more complex social and psychological factors.
Sadly, there was still several minutes worth of conversation after Tony gave this admittedly impulsive answer. Bruce had him verify his safeword, and reminded Tony again of all the terms of its potential use. Then he insisted on completing the rest of the usual check-in exams, which included a pointed reminder for Tony to actually wear the wrist braces Bruce himself had made to help with Tony’s carpal tunnel. (He really had been pushing this week, he could see it so clearly now.)
“I know that. But he could have
Tony was already late to his lunch meeting with Pepper, so this particular shot wasn’t staged or glamorous at all. It was just him in a thirty-ninth floor hallway flanked by Dummy, who had a perilous hold on Tony’s travel mug full of coffee. He captioned it
The aftermath of Tony and Natasha's scene goes a little bit sideways, and Tony seeks out support in an unexpected form. Steve wonders how much longer he can sit on the sidelines.
Clint’s kisses were that same mix of playful and commanding they always were, like a mix of a dare and a private joke. After a few minutes of necking in the entryway, though, Tony realized he wasn’t responding the way he normally did. Kissing Clint was easily on his top five list of things likely to push Tony down toward a submissive headspace, even when neither of them were actively trying to make that happen. But today, Tony’s mind kept whirring, and not even just about Peter. That wasn’t how his brain had ever worked. Once it was going on one thing—like trying to keep his kid’s doppleganger alive despite said kid's best efforts—then it was also planning upgrades to Rhodey’s armour, and making revisions to the SWORD documentation he hadn’t looked at in weeks, and—
Every fictional representation of therapy Steve had ever seen would have had Dr. Domen ignoring his objections, continuing to drive her point home. She didn’t. The room was silent except for the blood rushing in Steve’s ears; for once, even the rhythmic tapping of Domen’s fingers on the glass screen of her tablet was absent.
By the time Steve had warmed him up, Phil was already wailing. (It was one of his favourite parts about Phil as a sub, how uncontrolled and vocal he got so quickly. The contrast between that and his out-of-headspace self never failed to make Steve feel immensely powerful.)
“Well, that answers that.” It took several long seconds for Peter to realize Tony had spoken, and a few more for it to be clear that the words had been directed to him.
“Afraid it does, Son.”
“AIM, maybe?” Phil theorized. “Their stock took a pretty significant bump after our Tony died. So did most other tech companies.” Steve shrugged. The strategist in him was interested and thinking along similar lines (though there was something that didn’t feel quite right about it, too, something he was missing), but right now that was mostly drowned out by the exhausted defeat that had replaced his earlier rage. It was hard to say how much of this Coulson could sense, but it was enough that he switched tactics, his hold on Steve’s hands becoming something more personal, intimate. “We should get these looked at.”
Steve had been reading for almost eight hours straight, which was enough to make even his serum-enhanced head hurt. T’Challa had finally forwarded the rest of their ample documentation about Wakanda’s cross-training and workplace orientation programs, and it was…well, Steve had barely made the slightest dent in those eight hours. He had no idea which way was up anymore, no sense of whether he was doing the right thing, or whether he risked tearing apart SHIELD and destroying its excellent global standing for the sake of a pipe dream.
I am obliged to note that this same sense of being known and seen is also what Stark struggles with the most with regards to submission. In a matter of months, all of his regular defenses and masks have been effectively torn away. Hiding himself in all the ways Stark once did was exhausting, of course, but their loss amounts to nothing less than a seismic shift in his way of being in the world, and he finds the vulnerability involved in not just scenes but his day-to-day life as challenging as it is rewarding.
“It’s not. Oh honey you’re so far down, aren’t you?”
so much. He had never been known so completely by anyone before, and it was wonderful but it was also embarrassing and frustrating and overwhelming to have them so gleefully tearing his defenses away. It wasn’t fair that he felt this way, he knew it wasn’t; he'd signed up for this, after all, and every single thing they’d said or done fell well within the limits of the boundaries they’d established. Even still, they reminded him frequently of the safeword, which meant Tony could bring any of this to a stop at any moment.
An interesting question! Stark’s meeting with this version of the team was in many ways similar; the events of the two universes do not begin to significantly diverge until the D/s universe’s Steve Rogers returns from his cross-country motorcycle journey early to assist Stark with the cleanup of New York.
want my help. I’ll do the dishes okay? Or I’ll hire someone to do them. Either way, look, they’re gonna get done, alright?”
“Hey May, what were you thanking Steve for when you got here? Did he go on yet another side mission rescuing neighbourhood cats that I don’t know about?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What if we’re looking at this wrong, though?”
I also want to note that this is a fictional account of therapy. I try to remain as realistic and respectful of the process as possible, but this is one occasion where what happens in the session is not ideal. Domen doesn't think Steve is ready to have this conversation yet, but she's faced with the difficult decision of letting him likely drop out of therapy, or making it clear to Steve that they still have work to do. She chooses the latter, but that's not a decision I am necessarily endorsing or claiming would be right for everyone.
“More than you probably realize,” Bruce smiled ruefully. “Genius over here too, you know. One of the things I like best about Domination is how narrow my focus becomes; for however long I’m with a sub, all that matters in that moment is their needs, their desires, breaking through whatever barriers or defenses they’ve put up around themselves so I can give them those things. It’s rarely simple, but it is incredibly gratifying.”
Tony fought the punishment at first, which came as no surprise. Rhodey watched him try like hell to refuse to give Steve anything, saw the cocky curve of his lips and the stubborn set of his jaw as he steeled himself against the blows, too inexperienced to realize that the tension he was holding in his muscles would just make it hurt worse. Not that Steve needed the help; every hint of the hesitant, overly-polite man Rhodey had always known was vanished now under the smooth and absolute press of Dominance. He should have expected it of a True—after all Rhodey knew how completely the other Tony’s submission used to take him over when he finally let it—but the transformation was still a little startling.
Loathe as I may generally be to explore Stark’s psyche, even I can admit that I can see the appeal of his dynamic with Rogers at the current moment. Enjoy, poster!
This might have been one of the plottiest chapters of anything I've ever written. Plot is hard, team! And so is stubborn, stubborn Steve Rogers. As always, I greatly welcome and treasure your comments, thoughts, and questions. (And please forgive me if there are more editing errors than normal: my kid and kittens are keeping me a bit extra sleep deprived these days. Adorable punks. I'll be back in to fix tany  over the next few days.)
The call connected in less than one ring.
“We will also need to do some work thinking about the other side of this question of precarity and obligation: the demands you place on the people you love, especially Tony Stark. As you know, I haven’t spoken and will not be speaking to the version of him currently residing in this Tower. But for both of your sakes, I cannot in good conscience encourage any kind of relationship between you which will make Mr. Stark primarily responsible for your continued well-being and existence, which you have several times come close to implying the previous version of him was. You have to decide for yourself that you wish to live, Steve.”
Steve’s Dominant headspace was engrossing enough that even he expected the mention of Tony’s once-intimate relationship with his CEO to enrage him. Instead, he found himself hurting for the both of them: for Tony isolated and terrified, cleaving to the one aspect of his life that made him feel slightly less lost, and Pepper, overwhelmed and out of her depth in the face of the numerous recent traumas that had radically and permanently altered Tony’s life. It was no real wonder that they hadn’t been able to make their relationship work; that was too damn much for just two people to carry almost entirely on their own.
It wasn’t the first time a member of the team had tried to appeal to Steve. In the last two hours alone Natasha, Thor, and Phil had all attempted to get him to leave Tony’s workshop. Natasha’s had, unsurprisingly, been the harshest approach; she’d reminded Steve in no uncertain terms that as the team’s leader, he had responsibilities beyond his own grief. Thor had, equally predictably, been the gentlest. He’d spoken of what it was to face the prospect of living for millennia, to know that not just individual people but entire civilizations could live and die in that time. Coulson had taken the middle ground, speaking not of himself but of Tony. Tony Stark, he’d reminded Steve, had been above all else a futurist, a man committed to looking forward and not back. He wouldn’t want Steve wasting away in the bowels of the Tower, unwilling to face the world.
“Nope, sorry. These are movie night provisions.”
“Not an unreasonable concern,” Tony commented.
“Please don’t feel like you have to leave. The house is plenty big, and—”
Tony's day of non-sexual submission continues, and the team reveals what they have been working on.
“What kind of system?”
“I guess I should have warned you—anywhere there’s a repulsor there’s now also a camera. Provides full 360 visibility around the suit. Want to try again?”
“Push through this and then half an hour gossip break?” she proposed.
Response 3 kind of similarly fills is in some (though by no means all) of the gaps from Chapter 30, specifically Pepper and Tony's conversation in the shop. This also involves some repurposing of some of Endgame's most painful lines, so...beware angst, if that's not just a blanket warning for this fic already baha.
And because of how Dominant psychology and biochemistry works, particularly for Trues, you’re correct that their need to correct or punish is driven more by their submissive’s needs than their own particular kinks. Captain Rogers, for instance, enforced strict punishments for some violations with the previous version of Tony Stark less because he might be inclined to do so on his own and primarily because Stark himself would not feel safe or reassured that their rules mattered and were secure if given a token punishment for a major offense.
“My submissive,” the other man murmured to himself, possession and wonder and everything that was beautiful about the start of a relationship folded into his tone. Steve thumped him on the back, only a little harder than was necessary.
“I want to write it out by hand, I think, but my wrists are kind of sore today. A sentence was fine, but I get the sense that the next thing will be longer than that.” This time when Phil kissed Tony he crowded Tony against the wall of windows first; he gasped at the sudden press of cool glass on bare skin, and Coulson just used the opportunity to conquer more of his mouth, so that once he finished kissing Tony this time,  Tony would probably have slid right to his knees if he’d been allowed.
“It’s an honour and a privilege, sweetheart. Come pull your pillow closer to me, hmm, and let's get started with something simple, something I know you love.”
Memories generally didn't assault Steve with no warning these days. He'd learned strategies to keep the onslaught of treasured moments at bay, letting them become something he occasionally sought out rather than a constant overlay that muted his present. But occasionally, like now, they came without warning.
There were a few more laughs to be had as Masdee attempted to work out how to formally plate and consume the food, then gave up and grudgingly followed Steve’s advice to eat with her hands. They had never spent this much time together outside of battle and strategy sessions, so their conversation stayed mainly focused on business, though with a slightly more personal edge to the anecdotes they shared. Steve offered up the story of Peggy being the first to test the shield by shooting at him; Masdee, of course, agreed that Steve had known nothing about women, and then contributed her own anecdote involving a herd of wild goats who had nearly ruined her first stealth mission.
“Back at you,” he grinned. “Are you enjoying being back?”
By now, Bucky was sitting at full attention in his seat, eyeing the room with the cold calm of a sniper. Steve’s own growing sense of alarm was stifled only by his desperation to prove that he wasn’t screwing this up, too. Surely no matter where else he might have gone wrong, he could be trusted to keep track of one teenage kid?
Steve makes a West Wing-inspired decision, and ends up encountering someone he doesn't expect. Meanwhile, Tony makes a visit to an old frenemy.
Tony was never forced to come up with a suitable punishment for Pepper’s hypothetical slight. The elevator closed with an atypical clanging noise, followed by JARVIS’s voice, far more robotic and atonal than usual, sounding through the speakers.
“Pepper.”
“Decathalon? Seriously? You have to have good grades and everything for that, don’t you?”
Holy shit, the response to last chapter brought me to tears. Like everyone I am struggling with how to be in the world right now, and fandom continues to be an incredible source of comfort and stability. Thank you all so very much for reading, commenting, kudosing, and posing some great questions to the Doctor. Thanks, too, for checking in on how I'm doing, and offering updates about yourselves. I love hearing from all of you, and am holding you all close to my heart in these challenging days.
Tony started to tense up again as it neared bedtime, but that much they’d anticipated; this much unstructured time in a row had been necessary for all of them, but most submissives would be edgy with so little routine or clear expectations about what was to come. It was Phil who finally shut off the TV.
It was difficult not to be buoyed, slightly, by having impressed someone like Domen. She had never cared a whit that he was Captain America, or the Director of SHIELD; in these sessions he had never been anyone but Steve Rogers, broken and struggling and entirely human, certain a lot of the time that he was getting nowhere.
When he entered the living room again, Steve hesitated a half-step when he found the team’s eyes all on him. Then he nodded sharply in that way he always did when he’d come to a decision and crossed the room in the four long strides. When he reached Tony, he slid to his knees.
“Most people who are cross-trained need to spend at least some time in their classified headspace outside of work.” Steve waited several seconds to see if there were going to be any folllow-up questions. When the only sounds in the room were the noises of several of them chewing, he nodded and sat forward in his chair. “I have some questions now, if that’s okay? Ms. Potts, what does this memo do to the timeline?”
Tony sputtered unintelligibly for several seconds. Drama retaliated for her creator’s disquiet by stealing the tea spoon from the table, which oddly enough did seem to give Tony back his ability to speak in (mostly) full sentences.
He couldn’t agree or disagree, not yet. But he could ask for the one thing that his mind was becoming increasingly fixated on the longer his head was practically in Phil’s lap.
“Really? Hasn’t much felt like it lately. Feels like I’m the only one still..still.” He couldn’t choke the words out, could barely breathe. Bucky’s hand covered his, calloused and warm, and Steve gripped it back with all his strength, the way he never would dare hold anyone but another enhanced person.
“Do what? Get Liz to stop treating you with kid gloves? Shut Flash up? Prove to everyone else, including you, that you deserve to be in there?” Peter gaped. He made a nondescript scoffing noise. He dragged the rubber sole of his sneaker across the floor with an obnoxious squeak. Judging from the way his nemesis’s grin only grew wider, none of these served as the devastating counterarguments he had hoped.
“Oh good, there are witnesses,” Peter grumbles. His half-hearted efforts to escape become a bit more forceful, however, once he realizes where they’re going. “This is Steve’s room! I’ve never—shouldn’t we at least have FRIDAY ask if he’s available?”
Before Peter could even register that bizarre transition, the girl he’d seen in the video with the starred tee and tiny shorts had blasted off from the ground a few feet away. She appeared to be capable of independent flight, and she was
“Safeword,” Phil murmured. The usual crispness of his constants was noticeably smoother, Tony noted in surprise. It was the first real-world evidence he’d seen to support any of what Bruce had said yesterday, and of all of them he’d certainly never expected to see it from
The goddamn blueberries were delicious. Tony was pretty sure they were from the Prospect Park market. He hadn’t managed to make it there in years, but in his Merchant of Death days he’d frequented a stall run by a middle aged, no-nonsense couple who always had absolutely killer produce. It was so good that they tended to run out of the best stuff early in the day, and when Tony had tried to bribe them into setting some things aside for him or a minion to pick up at a more civilized hour, the wife (Helen, maybe?) had tartly informed him that they didn’t give two figs who he was; if he wanted blueberries he could be there first thing in the morning just like everyone else. He’d gone every Saturday he could manage, and even at his most hungover, he’d never regretted making the trip.
“Bring back some of that homemade caramel corn from last week, wouldja Stevie?” Bucky called. “We were just about to start a movie, Tony, you should stay if you have time.” They had made no such plans, and Steve barely resisted the urge to toss the requested snack at his manipulative friend’s head. To make matters worse, when Tony agreed, Bucky patted the spot on the floor next to him. “Wanna sit with me? This rug is insanely comfortable. Way better than the couch.”
“We still have work to do.”
“They’re gorgeous,” he said honestly, reaching out and running his fingers over cool glass and brushed metal. There was a wide range of styles and, likely, price points. It was nothing at all like his own carefully curated collection in his own world. But there was something oddly beautiful about the chaos of what he was certain was a $20,000 watch lying next to one that had all the numbers jumbled at the bottom of the face and text reading 'Whatever, I'm late anyway' printed across the top.
No, he hadn’t quite known which of the options he’d wanted, but when he’d thought about the possibilities he’d definitely imagined them as a binary set. Nowhere in his mind had he really taken seriously the option that he could live for years, maybe decades, in this in-between state, belonging nowhere all while pretending to have Mark II’s sure, steady place in the world. (He hated the other man then with a jealousy even more intense than he’d felt after learning about Ultron. Sure the guy had had his struggles, but at least he’d known who he was supposed to be.)
“Peter?” May was half out of breath and sounded absolutely frantic. From the disparate collection of background noises that included a siren, a distant argument in Dari, and the clang of something metal being moved or dropped, Tony suspected she was outside, already combing the streets for her nephew. And this was precisely why he hadn’t been willing to wait until morning to contact her. May had made a mistake in kicking Peter out, sure, but he she was neither a cruel nor a vindictive person. She was always going to regret it sooner rather than later.
(The loss of her prints didn’t seem to bother Natasha, or cause her any pain. Hell, it was an undeniable boon in the business they were in, which was why the Red Room had done it to her in the first place. But Steve had often wondered whether that wasn’t worse in some ways, to lose a primal marker of identity in such a way designed to erase the trauma of the loss itself. No scars, no bruises. Just a blankness where a something should have been.)
“I miss the goats. Masdee wouldn’t let me bring any of them with us, even my favourite one who hangs out outside our room all the time to beg for food.” Recalling just how much Masdee hated the goats, he laughed aloud at how unimpressed she must be to have one haunting their rooms. “At first it was weird. My head wanted to sink into old patterns from who I was the last time I was here—like muscle memory, almost? But Masdee was great. Really patient and kind, and strict as hell, too, and I’m starting to get my feet under me now.” Steve nodded his understanding, then gestured to her neck.
By the end of it, Pepper looked exhausted and exhilarated, the exact way Tony felt after a particularly generative session in the workshop. As they said their goodbyes and made plans to meet again later in the week to begin the long process of turning the half-formed list of dreams into an actual workable set of objectives, he wondered why he didn’t quite feel the same. Oh he was more excited about the future of SI than he had been in a long time, and he looked forward to exploring so many of the areas that his people had listed. These were the kinds of projects he’d dreamed about, and then promptly had to abandon in his own universe once the looming threat of Thanos and the War had begun to monopolize all of his time and energy.
Thor always loved to feel the full extent of pretty much any bondage he was placed in, regardless of how elaborate or simple. On Asgard, orientation was typically classified not by Dom/Switch/sub, but by the strongest association each person had with a particular kink. Thor’s was, and had always been, bondage; it meant as much, if not more, to him than the sex itself, both from the giving and receiving sides of things.
“Clint, what—”
Ah, an excellent question. Part of the reason that the testing will take such an extended period of time even with the advanced nature of Wakandan medical technologies is that no one is entirely certain what they will find, or what the differences between the two universes might be. The Wakandan contingent is aware that Stark is not of this universe, but have not been told that he is not oriented in the ways that govern their universe. They will therefore not necessarily be looking specifically for those markers, but rather performing a broad sweep for any and all markers that indicate a variation between the two version of Tony Stark.
“Did anyone post pictures or videos? I really did want to see you perform.”
“Hey kid. Good to see you. Clint, I swear if you are not off that bar in the next two seconds I will have your bow seized for extensive, weeks long maintenance.”
“I know she’s very well protected, but has someone warned the Princess and the
Content Notes: (More spoilery than usual!) The last response contains a description of MCU Peter and Harley reacting to Tony's message. While it's a fairly cathartic moment for Harley, Peter has way more complicated feelings about learning Tony is choosing to stay away. That's something he'll work through and resolve in the side-fic that, let's face it, I am definitely writing detailing MCU Peter and Steve's reluctant parent/kid relationship post-Endgame. However, that's far enough away that if you don't want to think about Peter struggling without some immediate comfort, I'd suggest skipping for now.
“Ho-ly
“You’re never intruding anywhere in this Tower, Thor, you know that. What do you need to talk to me about that Tony can’t know?”
“I require no honorific at this time, Talia; the boundaries of consent are muddled enough, particularly from your context. Now, you also realize, I’m sure, that if we proceed we shall encounter several major barriers, the most significant of which is that my style of Dominance, which involves orientation-based interactions in the workplace, is not legal in your country. You are only starting out in your career, and while your skillset would undoubtedly be valuable to Wakanda, I am not sure I could permit you abandoning your life at home to remain here.”
.” Tony’s first outburst was rewarded with a brush of the heel of Clint’s hand against the big vein on the underside of his cock. Silver spots dotted his vision and he sucked in a harsh, rasping breath. Clint wasn’t even on the goddamn bed, was barely touching him.
“I don’t need anything from you right now, Tony, except for you to let yourself feel good. Let it all in. Feel it, let it take you over. I promise we have you.” Phil went to work on his cock, then, massaging all around the head and shaft for long enough that Tony felt himself start to soften several times, and then grow hard all over again. It was like riding endless waves of pleasure, which sometimes happened to correspond with actual arousal and sometimes didn’t. Then Phil reached down with his other hand and pressed a finger at a spot somewhere between his balls and his hole. It felt like nothing he’d ever experienced before, a consuming bolt of white-hot heat that seemed less like something being done to him and more like Phil was acknowledging something Tony hadn’t even known was there.
These were all awesome questions, and writing from Rhodey's POV was one of my favourite things ever. Thanks, team!
Tony lingered near the door to Peter’s room (the guest room Stark, for fuck’s sake, the
“Tony, I know that you’re classified as a True submissive. And in just a few hours, so will most of the world.”
“I didn’t, I didn’t do anything for the three of you.”  Even as he spoke the words Tony’s exhaustion and the encompassing depth of his subspace were obvious; taking him down any further tonight could easily have wound up making Tony panicked, or required the kind of aftercare that would have put the rest of their plans on hold for days. Bruce had made the right call, even if Tony clearly didn’t agree right now.
“You do
Peter is midway through a complicated calculation that will help him determine just how much elasticity he can add to the latest batch of web-fluid without sacrificing tensile strength. So it takes several long seconds to realize that it isn’t the tunnel-vision he gets when he’s working. Sam just isn’t making sense.
That relief lasted a matter of seconds. The moment the voting was done, Bucky raised a hand.
Only the Soul Stone called to him, welcomed him home.
this Saturday at about 7:30 MST.
“It isn’t that. Or at least it mostly isn’t. You’ve turned SHIELD into something incredible, something so much better than it ever had the chance to be if you…hadn’t been involved. But to most of you these kids are either resources or targets, people to either be brought in or brought down. And I hate it, Steve. I really fucking hate it.”
“Better how?”
“Fuck off,” is Bucky’s standard, cheerless reply.
“Mmm?”
“So, Pepper-pie, got a plan?” Pepper took one more long moment to visibly gather herself. Then he watched as her spine straightened, her head lifted, and she stared him in the face just as fearless and capable as ever.
“Bucky.” Beneath Steve, Bucky stirred, then went rigid as the memory of the previous day returned to him. He tried to relax back into a posture resembling sleep, pretending he hadn’t heard Steve at all; if it hadn’t broken Steve’s heart a little, the performance would have been laughable in its complete unbelievability. “Bucky, I know you’re awake. I know you can hear me. I gave you the space I know you needed last night, but it’s morning. The team’s having breakfast together, and you’re not making whatever it is you’re feeling worse by skippin’ out on a meal.”
“No.”
This left only Steve. He was tempted to bow out too, but Tony seemed to anticipate that response, and he wasn’t having it. He strode over and got right in Steve’s face, and god he even
“You’re seeing a Dom these days, right?” he couldn’t help but ask. Pepper nodded. “Good. Call them.”
Somewhere in the middle of Steve’s rambled plea, Bucky’s restraining grasp had turned into more of an embrace. (For the briefest and most shameful seconds of his life, he hated the other man for not being Tony Stark.)
Time investigates in this special issue. Inside, you’ll find on-the-ground investigations into how these measures have shaped Wakanda for decades, the latest updates about SHIELD’s pilot program, and interviews with numerous businesspeople, medical experts, politicians, and activists discussing the future of work and orientation.
(See the end of the chapter for
“So what, did you come here to fucking gloat?” he spat. “Or did you want forgiveness, maybe? Want me to tell you it’s just fine you’re about to tear my life apart because
“So it’s not even me you wanted. It’s
“Aww honey it’s okay,” Clint soothed, but there was just enough of an edge left in it that Tony knew he wasn’t in for any real reprieve. “It’s okay if you can’t do it. If you don’t get it this time we’ll try again next time.”
It feels so good to be back! And honestly, even though I love writing Peter, it was a real relief to be back writing Tony for a more extended scene in this one, too! I hope you all had fun with it. Thank you, as always, for the comments and kudos!
“I know that too,” he said slowly.
“It is,” Coulson agreed, just as he had the previous five times.
“To some extent, yes, but our scenes have been fuelled by a mix of need and our own interests, given your inexperience in these areas and the various time and health constraints we’ve faced to this point. Now seems like an opportune moment to expose you to a wider range of possibilities. Your needs and desires do not have to be, and really shouldn’t be, always filtered through our own.” Tony frowned, and Steve noted the way he pressed closer to the nearest body (Natasha’s).
“Hey kids…”
Leaving while the workplace orientation pilot program had still been in its infancy, that had been perhaps a bit more daunting. There had, from all reports, been some growing pains: confused, jealous partners of agents had required a lot of time and care in the early days; some agents who hadn’t realized how sexual their expression off Domination or submission were had ended up needing to leave the program, which was strictly non-sexual; and pretty much everyone involved had struggled at one point or another with some of the more negative reactions that still existed about the very idea of the program.
He arrived at Principal Morita’s office quicker than he would have liked, though it was probably for the best that Peter was punctual, given that the entire reason for their frequent meetings was to ensure Peter ‘stayed on track’ after the train wreck of the past year or so. At least Morita wasn’t so bad. He never spoke down to Peter, and his office lacked any of the cheesy inspirational posters that covered the guidance counselor’s walls.
Given that Bucky had spent a cumulative total of about fifteen minutes in Peter’s company, the latter was speculative at best. But Tony smiled anyway, content for now to stand in the ruins of Howard Stark’s legacy and hope he could build something better.
“You whittle?” he asked, stunned by the idea of Natasha taking up a hobby so mundane.”
“You’ve done well by telling me what you needed, Tony. I know praise is…complicated given why we’re here in the first place, but you need to know that. I’m not disappointed, mad, or in any way upset. Can you repeat that for me please?” He managed it—stuttering awkward, but Tony was able to restate the bulk of what Phil had said, and he couldn’t help an answering smile when Coulson grinned at him. “Good. Now, I’m assuming from the fact that you used a yellow that you don’t need the scene to stop entirely, just slow down. Is that correct?”
By the time they landed in Uganda, he was in better spirits, grateful for his work and for his team, who knew better than even Steve did sometimes when he needed to be held close and when he needed to be pushed away.
Tony had exactly zero pithy remarks to make in response to that rather radical declaration. Bucky had a way of making statements that would have sounded overemotional or dramatic on anyone else seem completely matter of fact, and it threw off all Tony’s usual defenses. So instead he pulled Barnes back against him and nuzzled at his neck, which somehow turned into a kind of cuddle/tickle war that woke Steve when he and Bucky crashed into the coffee table.
Still, it was different when you were the submissive in question, and you’d just brought a scene to a grinding halt. After the word yellow fell from his lips, Tony felt as if he was in some kind of suspended state; time stretched on endlessly while he waited to find out if he’d gone and ruined everything. The first thing he registered was Coulson taking two long steps back. The demanding set of his features softened instantly, and when he spoke most of the the sharp, prickling edges Tony had learned to recognize as Dominance had retreated. They were still there in the background (and perhaps that was the difference between a yellow and a full safeword), but more than acting as a Dominant, Phil was just…Phil right now. Tony happily turned his back on the mirror, confident he wouldn’t be prevented from hiding from his reflection now.
“I wish. Tony’s kept to himself so much where Peter is concerned, especially after I had to say no the one time he did ask me for something. I don’t want to stick my nose in. But we’re also responsible for ensuring Tony doesn’t undo all the progress he’d made with caring for himself, and technically Peter’s still a person of interest to SHIELD as well…God, what a mess.”
“Tony listen to me. I am on your side, okay? Always. And I am telling you that if at the end of this conversation you still want to leave, then you and I will walk out this door and we never have to come back here if you don’t want to. I have a company chopper on standby, and we will figure out where to go and what to say to the press. I promise, Tony, can you trust me?” It was a bit rich, her actively asking for Tony’s trust after blatantly lying to him, and yet he would always give it to her. It was
“You did something.”
Content Notes: There's a semi-graphic description of what active starvation feels like; folks with disordered eating or other triggers around this area might want to give it a pass. (Just skip the paragraph that begins "The thing Tony had learned about starvation...")
Steve was entirely used to hearing long strings of curses coming from the workshop of whatever home he was in; it was one of the hazards of living amongst geniuses (and no matter what Bruce said, his language in the labs and shop got just as foul as Tony’s when he was really immersed in a project.)
“Call a meeting.”
“Forget it. Just invite me to the retirement party, would you?”
4. An interesting question. At present, the team knows relatively few good things about their counterparts. Stark himself often wanted to avoid thinking about the things and people he was actually missing, and he also wished to avoid giving the impression that he preferred those versions of his partners given his own anxieties about measuring up to the man he calls Mark II. However, I expect this will change in the coming weeks, now that he has freely chosen to remain in this universe, and because certain conversations (those regarding Stark’s children, for instance) are long overdue.
“The first step in this kind of therapy,” Domen continued, “is for the patient to process the event story of the death. Understand, Steve, that I am familiar with the facts of Tony Stark’s death. I have seen every bit of footage that exists, read every report, reviewed each and every picture. I am not asking you this out of some sense of voyeurism, or because I have not prepared for our sessions. What matters to me is knowing your narrative, the story that you tell yourself about this loss you have faced.”
“It was fine, Agent Agent. Brucie remains endlessly fascinating, and it was reassuring to get confirmation that there is actually some scientific basis for everything that’s…er, going on here. So what’s the plan for today? Do we get to wear matching super-spy outfits? Will I finally find out what happened in Budapest?” For a second Coulson’s eyes sparked with something like mischief, but it was gone long before Tony could decide if it had been there at all.
None of the team was in the workshop when he and Dr. Chimva stepped out of the elevator, but nor was it empty. Rhodey stood proud and tall in the centre of the space, tossing a ball to You who (as he always did with Rhodey) had abandoned his serious older brother facade in favour of chasing the toy with unrestrained glee.
first-date question, something that two people who truly had little to no history might have asked. Clint grinned, probably at the banality of it too, but then cocked his head to give the inquiry sincere consideration.
frowned and narrowed her gaze, seeking out the source of what had apparently driven Tony out of his damn mind during the night.
Bruce laughed and slid his chair closer to Tony’s side of the table.
“But he’s not…look, even during our scene, he acted out. He mouthed off, tried to push me away. That’s what he does, Natasha, that’s how he asks for reassurance because he’s still learning to differentiate between negative and positive attention. Right now, he’s not just trying to please us. I think—I think he might be saying goodbye.”
“That implies there’s another version of you,” Bucky says shrewdly.
Why, then, would Tony want to get married? In their universe, bonding ceremonies had all the legal and emotional implications of weddings, and had long since overtaken them in popularity and scale. The only people who tended to get married now were, as Clint had assumed, extremely religious, though some who identified as un-oriented were also turning to marriage as a way to have their bonds recognized.
The Parker family (plus Tony) have a long-awaited conversation. Tony and Bucky observe an anniversary together.
Tony wasn’t okay. He kept going through the motions, mainly because he didn’t know what else to do, but he felt completely disconnected from all of it, as if his life was a mildly entertaining television show he was watching at the end of a long day. It certainly didn’t help that he spent the majority of his days with Pepper, plotting out a press conference and celebration for a man whose just slightly ill-fitting shoes he would spend his life wearing.
“Love you too. Now tell me.”
“Yessir.”
“Because Dr. Bruce is way gentler and better at stitches than Dr. Hulk, which is who you end up dealing with if you try to skip out,” Clint explained with a wince. “And that is actually still not the most terrifying thing that happens when you try it.” He gestured wordlessly to Coulson, who rolled his eyes but also did not dispute the implication.
“But not immediately following it. Any leads on what the difference was?” Everyone else shrugged, but Steve looked thoughtful.
“Soooo not the same. It’s the personal touch that really matters, you know? Also the company. And the pigeons. Let’s go to Clayton Park again.”
“As you’re well aware, Agent Avelino, Director Rogers undertook that action to prevent a catastrophic loss of human life. He also then participated in the cleanup, both of SHIELD and of the river, which he took time out of an extremely busy schedule to help dredge for wreckage. Can you claim to have ever, in the entire course of your time here with SHIELD, helped to fix something you single-handedly broke?”
At the time, Tony had agreed mainly because this seemed like a distant hypothetical. Avengers call-outs were more frequent here than in his own universe, because the team was brought in on stuff that wasn’t strictly apocalyptic, but they still weren’t required often enough that it had seemed likely to happen again before the Bleeding Edge armour was repaired.
The checklist had a whole section on what pet names were acceptable, so Tony mentally adjusted the compliment.
“Tony spent the better part of five years trying to avoid me every time he did something he knew would piss me off. Which was…well, fairly frequently back in those days; being his assistant during his wild twenties was a nightmare, I’m telling you.”
) submissive being in such acute distress without support. “Things in his world…went really fuckin’ differently. I don’t know exactly when they diverged; from what I could gather the Battle of Manhattan was almost identical. But somehow, some way, in their world Thanos got a hand on these—stone, things.”
“We’ve never—”
it over—over everything. (Over Peter, whom he’d said he loved, was proud of, but had left anyway.)
And yes, to answer your question, the impact of his new setting on Stark’s biology will be revealed in time. However, his current unwillingness to have any medical testing performed on him suggests it shall likely take time for the Avengers to win that kind of trust.
“Yes, ma’am.”
“With all due respect, Princess Shuri, and that’s not a bullshit thing that’s a for real I think you’re pretty incredible and would kind of like an autograph when this is all over thing.”
It was when he was tilting his hips for a better angle that the first blow landed on the inside of his thigh. It burned, but not in the thudding, muscle-deep way that Natasha’s paddle had produced. Where that had felt somewhat like a brutal massage, this was almost akin to being tickled with pain; the hurt of the crop was bright but fleeting, fading away in seconds. He felt his hips raise up, not to chase the dildo, but that bright, stinging sensation.
“There would be two rules that would be non-negotiable, beyond our usual safewords and limits. I want another Dominant here. Clearly there was already something I missed last night, and this will be the first major pain you’ve taken. I want a second set of eyes monitoring both of us to make sure things don’t go too far.” The thought of someone else seeing Tony so completely out of control was slightly humiliating, but he was ready to agree to pretty much anything at this point. He nodded. “I also need to be extremely clear that I am not willing to punish you for whatever it is you’re about to tell me, especially when I don’t even know what it is. If you need to think of it as punishment at all, instead of just the strategic use of pain to help you work past some intimacy barriers, the only way I’m comfortable framing it is as punishment for not coming to me with this sooner, before it became such a source of stress and upset. Are we agreed?”
She turned in the direction of the noise and found a collection of familiar figures huddled in a circle. Getting to her feet was more of a struggle than it should have been (Clint always had known her weakest points, and their fight had been no joke), but adrenaline made up for the energy she lacked.
“Bite for a question. Deal?” Tony offered, and Steve obligingly launched into an explanation of the different accommodations the park made for weather during the winter. As they talked and ate, Tony slide closer until their knees and shoulders were pressed against one another. Eventually, the conversation expanded away from just the park. When asked about his day, Steve offered with only a whisper of anxiety that he’d spent the morning in a therapy session. If anything, Tony seemed happily surprised by this news, and in turn shared a story about his own therapist (a woman he’d affectionately nicknamed ‘Suckerpunch’) threatening to fire Tony as a patient several times. As they talked Steve could see the traces of mustard and relish at the corner of his mouth, could feel the vibrations of Tony’s laughter against his side. (Tomorrow, he resolved, he would donate his entire paycheque to the park. It had recently become one of his favourite places in the world.)
They went around in circles like that for close to an hour before Steve stood and, much to the protest of both of his most trusted colleagues, summarily ejected them from the room. Talia still did not sit with the room emptied, but when Steve leaned on the edge of the desk rather than circling back around to the chair, she met his eyes for the first time.
“Anyone do any scenes that didn’t involve sex?” Pepper demanded. More heavy silence greeted the question. It was the news Steve should have expected coming into this, given the allusions Tony had made to not being included in many of the team’s daily orientational practices, and yet the realization of being right still made his heart ache. The others all had good reasons for starting slowly, and certainly given what they knew of this Tony it was far more likely that he’d accept submission when it came accompanied by sex; like the previous version, people had always been willing to want Tony sexually, even when they’d otherwise disliked him.
“I do understand in some ways. When this Tony, when he told me that he and his Pepper used to be together I was horrified. Not, it isn’t—look, Tony is wonderful, obviously.” Steve’s agreeing nod was apparently a bit too emphatic, because Pepper giggled. He’d never heard her make that sound before; Steve had heard her laugh, obviously, but around the team she was still usually somewhat controlled, a softened version of the person she was on TV. This felt like a glimpse of the person she must be when it was just she and Tony, and Steve felt warmed by the notion that he’d drawn it from her.  “What I mean is his life already constantly threatens to totally eclipse mine. I was his PA, then his CEO, plus one of his closest friends. For a long time I went sunup to sundown without ever thinking about anything that didn’t involve Tony to some degree or another. The thought of adding a romantic relationship on top of that…even if our classifications were different, I don’t think it ever could have worked. Everyone says they want to be everything to their partner, but the reality of that…” She shook her head. “I am grateful for the apology. And it does help to know that it wasn’t on purpose, that you weren’t isolating him from his friends because you thought we were bad for him, or—” Pepper stopped mid-sentence to gather herself, looking far more human than Steve had ever seen her.
“It’s a science thing,” Tony waved a dismissive hand as he began assembling the materials he would need.
“Sweet sweet, my tongue sweet to answer she and it surprise me how I want to touch she teeth and hold she mouth on that word. I regret every moment until I see she next.”
“Seriously, Tony, you would have hated him. He yelled at Clint about his boomerang arrows!”
Instructor: Drs. Bruce Banner and Tony Stark
“We’re still on for tomorrow?”
A mere two hours after that, they were all in the workshop taking inventory of the existing Iron Man suits and creating supply lists for what they’d need to up the count in advance of the showdown with Taskmaster. The guy had hardly announced a date, but they all agreed it was likely Fletcher and his cronies would want Tony out of the way before the anniversary of his counterpart’s death, which this year was slated to serve as a celebration of the Avengers and the city of New York instead. That left them with just under a week to prepare.
“Yes.”
Summary 15%
“I guess…I mean, we’ve exchanged pleasantries and everything, but our last real conversation would have been during debrief. Don’t look at me like that, Barton,” he added, which was entirely unfair because even if Clint was a little triumphant about figuring out the obvious source of the issue in less than a minute, that didn’t mean he was bragging! “He hadn’t done anything to merit the kinds of things that usually make you try to avoid me around a debrief. I told him he’d done well, and that I was proud of him.”
“I have agents already on their way. They’ll handle it from here. You need to leave right now, I’m not joking. And don’t go home, either. Go right to the Tower, and have JARVIS engage blackout mode as soon as you’re through the doors.”
Pepper did not like being surprised. Pepper especially did not like being surprised when it came to Tony Stark. She had trusted one version of him to these people years ago; she’d had little choice, with Tony practically half-dead from sub-dep and Pepper herself unable to assist him. And then, as the Avengers had begun to provide for more and more of Tony’s needs, he and Pepper had fallen away from one another. It had been gradual, so slow that she thought she was imagining it at first. There hadn’t been a fight, no dramatic scene on one of their parts. They’d just begun to call one another less; then her visits to the Tower became more infrequent, and focused on business. Before Tony had died, they hadn’t spoken in weeks, and her first thought when she’d heard the news was how much she regretted allowing the distance to grow between them, so that she couldn’t even remember the last meaningful thing they’d talked about.
“Of course not,” Phil agreed, rising smoothly from his knees as cool and in-command as ever. “Tony, I assume you want to take the armour back to New York?”
Eventually, the group decided on Natasha. Her previous scene had involved bathing Tony, so they had good reason to believe he wouldn’t be upset by her washing him again, and of all of them she also seemed the most reluctant to consider leaving. (Probably still upset with herself for missing the earlier signs that Tony had needed more attention than he was getting.) Before he turned down the hallway toward the bedroom, Steve’s eyes found Bucky’s, seeking…well, he didn’t know exactly what, but most of his answers could usually be found in Bucky’s steady, even regard. Tonight was no different.
Other things were entirely predictable, especially to someone like Coulson whose work was so much about pattern recognition. Bruce Banner showing up in Phil’s office the day after the team’s conversation about Tony submitting definitely fell into the latter category. Coulson had the document charting everything they knew about Tony open before Bruce had even stepped fully into the room.
“You’re evil,” he informed her. They’d been trying to talk Steve into joining them for a team movie night since he’d gotten back from Wakanda, but that had been a tradition they’d held with
“That’s not-it’s better than nothing, but you’re not exactly the norm, are you? I mean, a lot of you work together or have the opportunity for even minor orientation-based interactions during the day if you want or need them, right?” Tony didn’t include himself in this description of the more daily kinds of submission, which Steve made a mental note to try to dig for more information about later. (Surely the team had at least offered…) “And it’s more than that, even, isn’t it? I mean, right now Phil is punishing Clint for something that happened when he was on duty as an Avenger. Doesn’t that kind of already break the work/personal barrier that’s supposed to be the norm this pilot program is breaking?”
Steve was always careful of his strength, he had to be. He could send a regular man through a window with the equivalent force most people could use to playfully shove someone—losing control just wasn’t an option. But Alex…he played dirty. He pulled on the ropes to gain leverage during illegal holds; he pulled hair and gouged eyes; he ‘mis-aimed’ spears in ways fully intended to take advantage of the fact that Steve wasn't wearing a cup. None of it was enough to make a dent in Steve’s strength or stamina, but the kid just. Wouldn’t. Stop. Didn’t know when to give up, when to stop running his mouth, when to realize even his best efforts were more of an irritation to Steve than an actual threat.
“Agent Coulson has already made a similar request, Captain Rogers,” the AI reported. Tony wore a soft smile as he listened to the exchange, one that seeing the team interact with JASRVIS or the bots never failed to bring to his lips.
“Tire us out. Force us to get sloppy, make stupid mistakes, and at the same time get complacent, because most of these threats have been just barely threats at all. Most of you fools are not exactly known for your patience—it’s a smart game, really. But now that we know what they’re after, all we need to win is to make sure we do the opposite. Stay rested, patient, keep fighting smart. We hold pretty much all the cards here, so we just have to show them we’re just as willing to wait this out as they are.”
It was going to be a long day.
Aunt May had seemed a lot more relaxed over the last few days, Peter realized. He’d assumed that had been a response to Peter’s own life settling down, but that had probably been a little self-centered. May cared about him, sure, but he wasn’t the sole focus of her existence or something. He flashed Steve a grateful smile, then regretted it when he saw the tight, pinched look that Tony couldn’t quite manage to hide for a few seconds. He left the room shortly thereafter to fetch more wine from the cellar, even though the bottle sitting at the centre of the table was just under half full.
The problem was he had no idea what on Earth Thor would be seeking him out like this for. He cast his mind back to their recent battles, but other than a bit of distraction while they’d rounded up the intergalactic zoo (which had definitely been more charming than anything else), Steve couldn’t think of a thing he’d done wrong. Plus Phil would have mentioned something like that after concluding debriefs with them all. And outside of battle, Thor had been nothing but his kind and gregarious self, if a little subdued recently.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I…love you too?” Tony’s loving Steve was not, in fact, remotely in question, but seeing as the man had gone and broken his brain, again, he would just have to live with any eccentricities that followed.
Thanks for the great question!
Content Notes: You know, it might be possible this is the second chapter in a row with no real content warnings to speak of! Tony does experience some jealousy in this one, but it's brief and not directed so much at a person as a context. That's really all I can think of. As always, let me know if you have questions or concerns.
He used to love being with Clint. The archer was a category 6 switch primarily inclined toward domination, but on the rare occasions that he did go down into submissive headspace he went
Tony also makes reference to the backstory about his own relationship to the soul stone, which was dealt with in one of the Ask Strange responses. So if you feel lost, make sure to refer back there!
“Anything I need to be careful of to avoid re-injury?”
kind of doctor even if you do seem to have upped your skill level in this universe. Look, let’s just…can we skip the check-up and get right to the science lollipop please?”
The sanctuaries, while facing minor attempts at invasion, never incurred the same degree of damage in this verse, no. Loathe though I am to admit it, this is in large part because the Titan never got the chance to collect the infinity stones. He was eliminated from play early on thanks to the Ultron technology.
. I got a three paragraph ode to Thor using the armour and the lightning to supercharge his hammer not a page before, yet Taskmaster seems to have defeated and subsequently arrested himself. Such an interesting series of omissions, wouldn’t you say?”
He shuddered, body unable to take the heat of anticipation without some kind of response, and the moment was broken. The sharp edge of arousal and Dominance left Bruce’s gaze as if it had never been there at all, replaced with wide-eyed panic, and the other man jerked backward with more violence than he had the day Tony had poked him with an electric probe. Seeing Bruce scard and backed into a corner was not exactly a new phenomenon, but Tony himself had never been the cause of it before. It hurt. It dumped ice into his veins and left his skin feeling prickly and pulled tight over his bones. Bruce seemed to realize it after a few seconds, and he reached out across the gulf between them with a halfhearted,
It was the kind of outwardly Dominant thing most of them were still cautious to avoid saying around Tony, whose feelings about his orientation were ever so complicated and evolving. But Steve watched the way it lit Tony up from the inside out with pride at having pleased Rhodey by valuing himself and his health, and felt an answering contentment in himself rise up, so unexpected and powerful that his breath caught in his throat.
“Breathe, mine own,” Thor reminded him.
He wasn’t the only one watching the pair carefully, however. A cursory glanced revealed that every other Dominant and Switch in the room was working hard to pretend they weren’t hanging on each word the two men were saying. Some were more successful than others; after a moment, Thor stopped bothering to keep up the act at all and leaned forward in his seat. Tony sighed and wrapped his weight blanket more tightly around himself.
“You guys, look, this whole thing is very sweet and all, but—ohfuck.” Thor’s hands, coated in some kind of oil with a smell that was disconcertingly both earthy and metallic, were  working on knots near Tony’s shoulders, and the combination of finesse and power he was bringing to the task were—well, he hadn’t thought it was possible to actually force relaxation on someone, but that was the only way he could think to describe it. He couldn’t worry about coming, or about what exactly the team had planned here, or about anything, when Thor’s massive hands felt like they were everywhere, doing battle with every bit of tension in Tony’s frame. Thor chatted intermittently with Clint and Phil, but none of them seemed to be speaking directly to Tony, so he could let himself sink deeper and deeper into the bed and wonder if it was possible for bones and muscle to actually dissolve.
tone. Are you alright?” Tony blinked. (Barnes had shown less concern when he’d watched Tony nearly beaten to death.)
“But you’ll be there eventually.” Another non-question. This time it came from Bucky, who Steve suspected phrased it that way because he didn’t want to risk asking something when he might not get the response he wanted. Steve hated that he couldn’t Bucky that there was no cause for fear. He’d known they would fall for Tony eventually if he let them, but he hadn’t expected it to be so fast. He certainly hadn’t imagined that he’d find himself on the periphery of life in the Tower, not when these people had been his whole world for what felt like forever.
“I know you don’t. And to be quite frank with you, this is a conversation I would prefer we not have just yet.” But,” she held a hand up as Steve made to protest, “I recognize that if I try to delay, there’s a chance you’ll end our sessions altogether. So I’m willing to compromise on that with a few conditions. The first is that I want to ensure another member of your team is currently present in the Tower, and that they will be available to support you immediately following the session. You are under no obligation to share anything about our conversation with that person, but you are not to send them away, and you are to trust their discretion regarding any care you may require this evening.”
Rhodey woke Tony up at an obscenely early hour. This, Tony felt, could and should be grounds for treason, especially given how late he and Natasha had stayed up playing Splatoon the night before. However, his more violent impulses were tempered somewhat by the fact that said wake-up involved Rhodey sliding into bed next to Tony and letting him cuddle up against him like a heat-seeking missile. (So sue him, Tony had gotten used to sleeping with at least one person. The chance to starfish in his huge bed every once in a while was nice, but he did tend to wake up chilly the next day.)
This is when Sam officially decides this situation requires backup.
After dropping that rather remarkable bit of news, Rhodes shifted his chair back several inches from Steve as if he preparing to be hit. And honestly, Steve expected at least some degree of jealousy to flare up at the news that the other man hadn’t needed an invitation from either Tony’s current partners to feel responsible to and for him. (How could he summon any of that resentment, though, when Rhodey had proven his constancy and love across all universes, even the ones where the team had failed Tony?)
Tony whined at the description, at the notion that the team really just exchanged notes about all the ways they knew to take him apart, and then he whined louder as he pressed the dildo into himself. It was cold, which he’d expected, but he hadn’t really understood just how completely unyielding the material would feel compared to the toys he’d used in the past. With the glass unable to bend or reposition itself, it was all on Tony to get the angles just right. No matter how he tried, though, this one wasn’t quite long enough to reach his prostate. After several unsuccessful attempts, he made a frustrated growl and attempted to reach for the next size up. Steve shook his head and slid the case out of his reach.
“Could have maybe mentioned that she was actually
“Tony, no!” came a chorus of shouts from at least three of the room’s current inhabitants. He cackled, unable to help himself.
think we should maybe talk about whether we want to be more than that, but again, I couldn’t really do that if you were determined to leave, could I?”
“If anything we are doing or that is being said makes me feel coerced, manipulated or is in any other way negatively impacting me. I can also say yellow if I need a break or to slow down, but not stop whatever we’re doing entirely.”
There was nothing to say to that, no words of comfort Rhodey could offer that wouldn’t seem trite or ludicrously insufficient. So he wrapped a heavy arm around her shoulders and held her, the same as he had for countless nights when the other version of Tony had died. Just as she mostly hadn’t then, she didn’t cry now, but the depth of her feelings was no less apparent in the harshness of her breath and the lines on her face. After a while, she leaned up to kiss his cheek and then stood, preparing to return to her own floor.
“Hate to disappoint, but it’s not really anything interesting. A lot of jeans and tees, coupla cheap but decent suits, nothing really—”
“We had planned to address that soon enough, but we wanted to give you some time to get used to the whole host of new things we were already asking of you. And you were behaving almost frighteningly perfectly at first, so there was no real need to rush a discussion about discipline anyway. The last week or so, though, you’re slipping on the rules that we agreed on together, and your mood has been deteriorating. And now I’m finding out that despite being explicitly told on a number of occasions that our moratorium on sex did
“Cathy O’Neil.
The penthouse was quiet and looked to be entirely empty when Steve peered tiredly out of the elevator.
“He did. Mostly for business—the West Coast has a bit of an inferiority complex about how low their superhero population is, and they hate feeling underserved when SHIELD and the Avengers receive federal funding, so we tried to spend a few weeks a year out here. Clint also loves the beach, so anytime it was his turn to pick where we went, especially if he was recovering from injuries that would put him out of commission for a while, he always chose here. But we haven’t been since—since we lost Tony.”
“Today is about you learning to accept
“You’re
“I will if that’s really what you want. I can even fly you back home. I have more experience than the muscleheads downstairs, but they have enough field training that Bucky could probably manage to follow Bruce’s directions without screwing it up too badly.”
“He’s going to want to rabbit when he really wakes up, you know that right? You’re prepared?”
Content Notes: The vision involving Sam in section one includes a mention of grief following the loss of a partner (Riley) and said grief being triggered in the aftermath of Tony's loss. It also includes the press being shitty toward Sam after D/s Tony's death.
“What…what if when they test me…what if…” Tony trailed off, unable to finish the sentence. He didn’t want to grow up to be disappointed by someone! Or even worse, be a disappointment. He’d done plenty of that already. Howard laughed.
“And that’s exactly why I didn’t want you looking at his stuff. If the lot of you are going to have any hope at all, then they have to stop looking at you as the old Tony, and you really gotta stop trying to
Tony woke with his worst hangover in recent memory. He’d forgotten exactly how dry his mouth could get, and the way his head didn’t just steadily ache but pulsed with pain, especially when scotch was involved. And to make matters worse, Dummy was zooming around the room and…those beeps were almost rhythmic. Was he doing the bot equivalent of humming?
The corners of Natasha’s lips lifted into a rare, approving smile, and she went back to her reading without any further commentary.
“Perfectly normal. It sounds like you’re starting to settle. I’d be willing to bet that your cortisol is beginning to level off, maybe even drop a little.” There was a pregnant pause, and for a few seconds the only noise in the room was the quiet hum of the water circulation systems. “If the process is anything like what happens with kids in our world it’ll still fluctuate for a while. You’ll have good and bad days, and the highs will feel really high and the lows will feel really low for a while yet, but it’s very possible that you’re through the worst of it.”
fast. As soon as they realized who had joined the fight, all three of the others abandoned their solo efforts to take one another down and joined forces. Fist Girl, who it turned out was also highly elasticized, made frequent attempts to grab her out of the air while Lady Hawkeye sent arrows that impressively predicted America’s flight path. Spider-Girl seemed at first to be trying to outrun the speedy threat, though after watching for a couple of minutes Peter realized she was trying to lead America into the traps laid out by the others.
the suit, J,” he sighed. “Well played, Pep.” The next thing he knew, Rescue was lifting Tony off his feet and depositing him on top of the bench that had just nearly given him a concussion. None of the bots made even a noise of protest. (Damn, he really had pissed off all his allies here, hadn’t he?) “Holy shit, Pep, what the hell?”
“Infinity,” Tony supplied immediately, and with none of his customary snark. He had already learned that jokes about anything related to the safeword, or consent more broadly, were
A rare few seconds of silence greeted this pronouncement. He didn’t dare look at Pepper this time, but Tony did revel in the sound of a long exhale from behind him, like someone had let out a breath they hadn’t realized they were holding. It didn’t even matter which of them it had been.
“Not. Not…please, Nat, just do it.”
“Bruce, I need you to come up here. Tony’s…we scened last night, and he woke up frantic this morning, absolutely insistent that I punish him because he needs help telling me something important, and he’s convinced that’s the only way he’ll be able to do it. I’ve never…even with our Tony, we played with pain, but when he needed actual punishment he always went to Steve, unless he was gone and then—”
“That’s not surprising. I reviewed every public statement you’ve ever made about Tony Stark before we met, and do you know that you’ve never actually used the words dead or died in any of them?” He blinked, opened his mouth to refute the claim because that just couldn’t be right, could it? “It’s all been euphemisms—gone and lost, usually. You weren’t in denial enough to be totally disconnected from reality, but your mind definitely worked overtime to protect you from encountering the totality of what happened.”
“Is it because of knowing a different version of me, you think?” Tony ducked his head under the guise of recovering a stack of napkins from their bag, warily considering his options. Other than for practical reasons, like when they filled each other in on events that had differed across the two universes, it was rare for any of them (but especially he and Steve) to really acknowledge that their alternate selves existed. Steve didn’t sound angry or even resentful of his counterpart right now, but there was still a very good possibility this would blow up in their faces. Still, it was getting just as awkward to pretend to ignore the impact he knew his own ghost had on Steve’s life; perhaps Steve was starting to feel similarly?
How much could he reasonably be expected to tell Tony? Where was he to start? The witch’s vision? The fact that in its wake Tony had elected to forego sleep and food and basic hygiene until Steve had bodily dragged him from the labs? He certainly couldn’t tell this man, this version of Tony who would never understand, that his Tony had begged Steve for his first punishment the next morning, that he’d sobbed as he was held over Steve’s lap and spanked until he’d confessed all of it: the vision, his fear of a looming threat, his and Bruce’s use of the scepter. (This man couldn’t possibly understand what a release that had been for them both, how close it had brought them, how Steve had never loved Tony more than the moment where he'd laid himself and all of his anxieties and anger and trauma bare.) But if he started with what happened after, the weeks Tony and Bruce had spent consulting with Thor, Stephen Strange, Odin, pretty much anyone who would listen as they took Ultron’s code apart and put it back together, then laid out a rigorous morality and ethics training program for the young AI, wouldn’t that be a lie? Would he really be answering the question Tony had asked him?
“You may.” Then, one by one, Phil had offered up each of the spheres into Natasha’s hands, each with a word or phrase that signalled which topic they represented.
“We thank you for your insights, and your concern for the Princess. She is, as you have said, quite well protected, but The King will nonetheless appreciate being warned of this new potential threat. You have done well.”
“Good to hear you admit it!” came a voice from the living room. Seeing Rhodey walk toward him with no bracers, no visible signs of pain except for what looked to be a stiff neck from sleeping on Tony’s couch all night…yeah, this universe had some perks. (
JARVIS had tried a number of tactics to get his attention over the past several…hours? Days, maybe? This was the first one that really worked, though. Tony sat up from his place on the floor so quickly that he smacked the top of his head on the workbench.
All eyes have been on the Avengers since Tony Stark’s press conference on Tuesday in which he revealed that Howard Stark, as well as several key figures at Stark Industries, were involved in a decades-long cover up of research suggesting the need for widespread reform to labour and its intersections with orientational needs.
Well, Bruce wasn’t an option for obvious reasons. And Cap, even if he hadn’t had whatever mystery plans, wasn’t much better. Their interactions since Rogers’ return had been cordial but distant, and Cap spent most of his time on his own level. He was usually joined by at least one member of the Avengers, so at least the guy wasn’t alone, but even Tony could tell it was starting to put a real strain on the team not having him around much. He would have been the one to leave and give them some space if he’d had anywhere to go, but whether because it was clearly a pattern from when Mark II was alive, or because they didn’t totally trust Tony alone in the space for long, at least two members of the team were almost always in the penthouse when he was there.
“And you remember when to use it?”
“That’s
The anger Peter felt then was not the work of a single moment. It was the product of nearly a year’s worth of loss and hurt and betrayal, all brought violently to the surface with so much force that it felt like it should have torn him apart. And perhaps, in a way, it did; he was throwing up seconds later. It wasn’t like he’d seen other kids do at parties, either, with just a quick (admittedly disgusting) heave before it was over. He couldn’t stop throwing up, not even when he wasn’t bringing up anything but bile, whose disturbing coloration he could only put down to the otherworldly makeup of the drink.
Ultron. Of all the fucking things…with a cowardice like Steve had never before experienced, he wondered if he could hang up, blame poor service or inclement weather. He’d promised Bucky, and meant it, that he would do what he could to ensure that his conflicted feelings about this new version of their lover didn’t wreck things for everyone, but did it really
(See the end of the chapter for
“Did you fire all the R&D department and replace them with local junior high schoolers?” Tony knew even before the question finished falling from his lips what he was really being shown, but why was another matter, and not something he was sure he wanted to know.
“Tony, you don’t understand—”
“You’re not,” Bruce assured him, clinical tone edged with just a hint of dark amusement now. “It’s a common sensation during this procedure, but your bladder isn’t actually going to release. And if it
well together, pushing one another’s assumptions and biases away from both of their tendencies toward polarizing extremes. Since avoiding this Tony clearly wasn’t something Tony himself was going to permit, maybe establishing a strong professional relationship would be the best way to move forward. Steve held a hand out, then let it hang in midair as Tony arched a skeptical brow at him.
“I, uh, I mean there’s a girl at my school, Liz…” Peter trailed off, a dawning comprehension on his face. Tony nodded.
“Oh is THAT what he told you? Pfft. Rhodey likes to play innocent little dove, but he got us into at least half the scrapes we ever managed to find ourselves in. In college…”
“Got any more of that lemonade Bruce made? I don’t know what the hell he puts in it, but the stuff is addictive.”
“If I might, Sir?”
“I didn’t, really. I worked a lot on just accepting that it was there, and that the fear and hurt and grief that lay behind it was real and legitimate. I put work into strengthening the bonds I already had with you all, and then eventually into building a relationship with Tony. But it took time.” Thor sighed, quiet defeat shaping the lines of his body in a way Steve had never seen even in the midst of seemingly unwinnable fights. “I promised you that if you told me what was going on I’d figure out a plan. Want to hear it?”
“Occasionally they come in handy for some things. Like, for instance, when I ask them to store a whole shit ton of Stark weapons I recently captured—the last known major store of ‘em left anywhere in the world, in fact—without asking too many questions.”
There's also a brief and hand-wavy representation of forest fires and their management. I have family in this industry so I know how much more complicated the scene I'm describing would be in real life, but for the sake of time and words we get a pretty simplistic representation here.
The problems started when he got back to his office. Steve had long since accepted that he would always have an absurd amount of e-mail. Way back at the beginning he’d tried to respond to all of them; it seemed rude not to. After he had spent his first three days as SHIELD director doing little else, however, his Tony had intervened. He’d sat Steve down and talked about the myriad of reasons people sent emails, and how even some of the ones that requested replies or were marked urgent were comparatively low-priority. They’d spent the better part of a day practicing sorting messages using Tony’s inbox as a model (mainly, Steve suspected, because Tony got a thrill out of it whenever Steve deemed a message from the government or the Stark Industries board unimportant), and Tony had also designed a program that ranked e-mails automatically.
“What do you mean ‘if'?”
Office Hours: Wednesday, 5:00-7:00 or by appointment
Speaking of hands, his own were shaking. He tried to master himself by glaring halfheartedly at Clint.
A hand came up against the small of Tony’s back—not guiding or pressing, just a quiet offer of support. He was not all that surprised to find it belonged to Phil Coulson, who was smiling warmly at May.
Barnes said it like he expected nothing of Tony either, like he wasn’t even bothering to get his hopes up. It should have been freeing, given that the weight of expectation he’d faced from the other version of the team had nearly crushed Tony, particularly after the Snap. But right now, combined with his bots’ despair, it just pissed him off. So Tony stomped over to the couch, lied down across it, and made a grand ‘get on with it’ gesture with his arms (all while trying very, very hard not to vomit.)
what he’s saying you fucking—ugh. Steve. Sit down. Now.” When Steve didn’t move, Natasha nodded at Thor who physically lifted him into a fireman’s carry, set him on the couch, and then sat in his lap for good measure. Steve wiggled uselessly for a few seconds, then sighed and crossed his arms over his chest. “We want your input. We need it; we’re all working very hard on our relationships with him, but we’re not whole without you there, and neither is Tony. We need you with us, especially if we’re going to start working him through the aspects of this that he’s going to be inclined to fear or resist.”
Oh gosh. Posting smut is never going to not make me want to hide, is it?
“Tony, listen, if you’re still worried that it isn’t safe, we can give you any information you need. You can speak to Ultron yourself, or to Bruce, or Shuri—she’s helped you guys tweak the programming several times—or—”
The point was, Peter liked the hell out of Sam Wilson. And still the sight of him tossing the shield like a frisbee, cackling with glee as he caught Barnes on the ass, made Peter unfathomably angry. Steve had promised. He’d sworn he would help Peter, that he would pick up the superhero mentorship where Tony had left off. And here was, apparently preparing to hand off the Captain America mantle to someone else?
