doing it, on a daily basis, I’m betting.” Lestrade looked very concerned. “And in terms of some short-term function, such as her being on the ship, there seem to be dissociative processes in play that are both very complex and very complete. I mean… does it seem all that possible to you that
John stood there in shock. “He did his level best to keep me from finding out, too,” Lestrade said. “Even though he was sick as a dog at the time, shaking like a leaf. Came wandering into Sickbay like he wasn’t even sure where he was or why he was there. Then he pulled it together enough to try some of his damn Vulcan regs-lawyer stuff on me. ‘My orders were to report to Sickbay, Doctor—’”
Or maybe it was something else. More than once, when Sh’lok was panting with arousal and the effort of holding John down, the knowledge that he’d found in Sh’lok’s mind about who
Now, however, Sh’lok realised what he had to do. In his certainty of his own self-control, he had underestimated an opponent. That was an error he would not make twice.
could actually be there a touch ahead of schedule by increasing its previously-planned speed by no more than half a warp factor. John therefore realized that he and his ship were in possession of perhaps seventy-two “slack” hours during which they could breathe and take stock before moving on.
Slowly and casually, as if trying not to frighten a creature he was trying to get closer to, John moved to stand side by side with Sh’lok, matching his parade rest with one of his own. “…What kind of biology?”
Lestrade, utterly unconvinced, snorted. “Get back up to the ship and get some rest.” He glared at John. “Your sleeping habits lately have been horrible. You need to lay off the late night coffee. You know you hate it anyway. Now get out of here.” And he turned his attention to Abernetty.
“Fascinating,” Sh’lok said. And he really did sound fascinated. “It could explain much, Doctor. My medulla oblongata is hard at work apparently breathing, apparently pumping blood, apparently maintaining a normal physiological temperature and handling similar homeostatic processes—”
And now that other mind, so incisive but so eager to find the truth of something it had never dared contemplate before, was diving in deeper, out of the situational and into the personal, the emotional.
The details didn’t matter. John was furious, and he was afraid, and that damn clock was ticking down second after second in his head. So having a chance to exorcise a little of that pressure by flinging himself out from behind that big L-shaped desk (where he’d just been flung himself) and clubbing one of the Morg into submission, and then piling into the second one—admittedly softened up a bit for him by Bradstreet and Lestrade—and decking him, was extremely satisfying. And all through this, no one knocked Sh’lok’s body off his chair.
while he banished the holy mountain, willed John’s gingerbread-laden Denebian spy-fortalice back into place, and then trotted up the seventeen steps to put other matters to rights.
principled! ...But that wasn't very likely. “We will not argue!” John said. “Twelve hours. No more.” He snapped the words out and narrowed his eyes in warning, more for his Bridge crew’s attention than Tharn’s. “Close communications. Turn phasers off.”
“No surprise to find you’ve got one set of rules for your own people and another for everyone else. And as for the knowledge of killing,
John could have rolled his eyes, but restrained himself and elected instead to play along. “Yes, Mr. Sh’lok. I understand.”
The wave of agony that overtook him as he got into the turbolift, thinking of the voice beside him that would never again say “Bridge”, was so profound that he collapsed against the lift’s wall a little and had to remind himself how to breathe, how to stand upright again, before someone should have a chance to see him. By the time the door had opened again he had managed at least to put his posture back in order and head down the corridor toward Sickbay. But everything else that made Sh’lok
John said, letting a bit more of his own annoyance out now, “that you’ve been in Starfleet, I know perfectly well that you’ve never asked for a leave of any sort. In fact, you've
“I am permitted this,” Sh’lok said, with an almost undetectable touch of the scorn he would normally have poured all over anyone who’d forgotten the facts of a situation with which they really should have been familiar.
how I was always nearby when one or another of your enemies expired so messily. To keep your cover you’d have had to either have
Sh’lok was facing away from him, still staring fixedly toward the door, and John found himself wishing he’d turn back toward him. But it didn’t look as if it was going to happen, so he headed for the door himself.
Carefully she came around the console from the far side with her phaser trained on him, and punched the comm button. “This is Mrs. Hudson in the Transporter room. Get me the Captain…”
Lestrade walked over to look at the schematic with him for a moment. “I looked over the man’s remains,” he said;  ”Schmitter, his name was.” Lestrade blew out a breath. “He didn’t burn to death, Captain. Not in the usual sense, anyway.”
Dealing with the aftermath of the day's events, of course (and as usual), was going to take a while. John had to spend entirely too much time composing messages to Starfleet Command when he got back to the Bridge. As a result his supper was very delayed, and the chess game did not convene, or reconvene, until well after midnight.
Lestrade got up and stood with John on one side. Bradstreet was up out of his chair on the other side a moment later. “We just want to talk to somebody about Sh’lok’s brain, that’s all!” Lestrade said.
find one there. She instantly acted to neutralize the threat, to stop that creature from destroying any more eggs. That was how the first few killings happened.
When the Sickbay door hissed open before him, Lestrade’s eyes and Donovan’s and Mrs. Hudson’s all went briefly wide with relief on seeing him, and then wider,
and abruptly heightened arousal, followed by an instantaneous bout of most intense visual and sensory imagination involving him doing that to John. Or John doing that to him. Or
So that when his door buzzer went and Lestrade came in and stood in front of his desk and said, “John, you've got to get Sh’lok to Vulcan—”, John was actually able to say, “Bones, I will, I will...” He threw the stylus down on the padd he’d been writing on and got up to stretch (or to escape the strangling tentacles of bureacracy). “As soon as this mission is over we’ll—”
touched. John wished desperately that he dared reach out a little more conclusively to his partner in the meld. But all around him the air shivered with a sense of everything balancing on a knife’s edge, and he forced himself to be still.
He kept advancing on her, backing her up, wanting her to feel for herself how desperate and backed-into-a-corner
John started pacing back and forth. “I can't accept that, Bones! We've got fourteen science labs aboard this ship. The finest equipment and computers in the galaxy—”
After a few moments Sh’lok started to work out what to do with his own arms, slipping one slowly around John’s shoulders, the other hand sliding up behind John’s head to hold it gently against him. A few seconds later John realised that his Vulcan had bowed his head to press his cheek against the top of John’s head. He stroked his face just slightly against John’s hair, and then rested it there with a long outward breath—as if it was somewhere he’d wanted to be for a very long time.
That exercise itself had been a tad surreal. Once upon a time, seemingly in another life, she had been fairly interested in what Anderson liked. Then, when she began to realise that he had absolutely no parallel interest in what
Sh’lok shrugged a one-shoulder shrug as he paused near John, gazing out past him into the longest night. “You were not in any of the other logical places,” he said after a moment. “And you often come here when you want to think.”
“We are dealing with a silicon creature of the deep rocks,” Sh’lok said, “capable of moving through solid rock as easily as we move through the air.”
John thought as he headed for the Transporter Room a few minutes early to await the rest of the landing party.
Mr. Sh’lok. Don’t mind using the thing to go any normal kind of planetside. But if I’m less than enthusiastic about having my atoms flung into six kilometers of solid rock, that’s
John took a deep breath, let it out, headed into the Transporter room, greeted Anderson as if everything was, indeed, all fine, and beamed back down to Deneva.
There was no immediate answer… not that answers to his questions in this mode tended to come quickly. For a moment or two John felt very silly. But he couldn’t
At which point the face sealed so completely over into its previous imperturbable mask that John wondered whether he’d imagined what he’d seen. “Thou may’st proceed,” S’kroft said.
“About three months ago we opened up a new level,”  Vanderberg said. "Sensors gave us an unusually rich pergium reading. Not only pergium, whatever you want.” He waved around him, an it’s-all-here gesture. “Uranium, sirium, platinum. The whole planet's like that. It's a treasure house.”
It was ridiculous how arousing John found the sight of that normally intent, phaser-focused power lying there so
for what that’s worth. Instead of running around wasting time on your personal… what was it they used to call it, back in the day? ‘Wet work.’”
He reached up to take John’s hand. “For think what’s come of it, John. Before today, I would never have thought that this—” and he stroked his thumb over the back of John’s hand—“this simple feeling… would ever be allowed me in this life.”
. And if John had had any thoughts about this Sh’lok somehow being less genuine than the other, this reaction more than any other drove them out.
John left Kara to her own devices and moved over to the screen. Lestrade was standing there with an instrument in his hand, looking out into the air in front of him, unfocused. “I can’t,” he was murmuring, “I, I—”
Sh’lok shook his head. “Ship’s design never previously identified, Captain. However, it is using ion propulsion in a unique configuration. Obviously faster-than-light capable, but not by using warp technology as we understand it.”
“Mr. Sh’lok,” John said in mock severity, “you’ve begun finishing my sentences for me. I’m told that’s a sign of—” He shrugged. “Something or other.”
John stood there for several long silent seconds staring  down the emitter end of the phaser Kara was holding on him, and weighing his options.
John’s new tack plainly wasn’t going to get them anywhere, so he discarded it. “I wish to talk to those in charge,” he said.
“I am not sure that being so conscientious about your arrival on shift will make much difference to the way your day will go,” Sh’lok said. He sounded a touch somber.
John brushed himself off a bit, looking after the humanoid. “What was it he said—‘pain and delight?’”
… it was gone. And regardless of the fact that all his life before he’d done without it, and that it was so new—its lack was a muted anguish. The space inside John where that connection had come to reside was in
Sh’lok nodded. “By our parents' arrangement,” he said. “A ceremony while we were but seven years of age. Less than a marriage but more than a betrothal. One touches the other in order to feel each other's thoughts--”
With all the strength he could still muster, John brought his feet up between them and pushed Sh’lok away from him, back down onto the sand… and had no choice about being pulled down with him by the
“I found him on the table,” Dr. Hooper said, and then just stopped as if she was having trouble finding words.
They made their way along corridors that were mercifully laid out exactly as their own at home. At every corner, it seemed, guards were stationed who saluted John and watched for a response. He answered the distasteful salute and started falling into the rhythm of salute-and-response with the thought every time,
The turbolift was slowing for the Bridge, and she drew herself up tall and proud as a queen, waiting for the doors to open so she could walk in there as calmly as if walking into her own throne room. As usual a little sound leaked into the lift before the doors opened. “Mr. Bradstreet? Phaser settings for planetary target A.”
John saw the quick sure grip with which Sh’lok reached out to grasp the weapon with those long, strong, capable hands. A second later he lifted his gaze at last to glare across at John from under his brows. Those pale eyes were flame all right, flame the color of ice—narrowed, focused, and intent: intent on
John got up and headed down the tunnel to join Sh’lok. He was standing by another tunnel that met theirs. This one was nothing like the ones they’d been walking through until now. It was lower than most, perfectly circular, its sides nearly perfectly smooth—enough to gleam where they reflected the tunnels’ dim light.
was put into his hands the rage rose up in him again, fueled by that nagging fear that there was something wrong. And other voices from the distant past agreed with it.
The expression she turned on him was amiable enough—she smiled too—but there was a cool edge to it that suggested she was evaluating all kinds of options that might lead to that result, or interfere with it. “Are you going to act against the Halkans before the deadline?”
The great irony at the heart of all this was that despite all Vulcan’s beauties, despite many years of life under its skies, no true desire of his heart lay on
Luma, alarmed by this (or maybe alarmed by how close she thought John was getting to her leader’s armband) leapt out of her seat and hurried around the table. “Do not take them, Kara! Do not take them to the Controller!”
Sh’lok’s sheepish response took John by surprise. As they made their way toward the nearest lift he learned that his Chief Engineer had been dragging his First Officer over the coals because of a procedural protocol that Sh’lok probably hadn’t known about.
Sh’lok glanced away from John, then, and at one of the nearby piles of silicon nodules, indicating it with his phaser hand.
“As excited particles fall back to their stable ground state,” Sh’lok said, “after excitation.” One eyebrow quirked.
he said, glancing at T’Kait. “Consider the alternatives.” He jerked his head in the general direction of the male Vulcans present.
This delay was proving unfortunate, not to mention tiresome. “I have an errand on the planet's surface,” Sh’lok said. “You will beam me down to the same co-ordinates as before.”
At last it all came down to a sordid little sequence during which one at a time the newly arrived versions of the landing party were chucked, as John would have put it
John took a breath. That kind of thinking was going to get him nowhere. “Life form readings, Mr. Sh’lok,” he said to the officer just behind him—
Any hope that John had had that the pain might be easier to handle a second time vanished instantly as the wash of agony hit him and his very skin seemed to catch fire. He collapsed. But as he did, and as ahead and to one side of him John saw Lestrade go down too, the little handheld control fell away in front of John where he could conceivably get at it. “Sh’lok,” Lestrade was gasping, “no—pain—”
It didn’t matter. She had a job to do to help them all get out of here, back to home and sanity, and she'd just get on with doing it.
He’d been up looking over some slightly dodgy readings at the Environment station and was making his way back around the upper circle of the Bridge when Donovan turned toward him as John was passing her station.” Captain,” she said as she was putting in her earpiece, “something's coming in on the Starfleet channel. Priority and urgent, sir.”
Stunned, he reeled back but didn’t fall: didn’t have the chance. John’s arms were seized by two pairs of hands and he was dragged out into the corridor.
Looking around him, John could suddenly see many strange angular shapes and fragments of something dead black sticking up out of all the piled-up treasure, and he instantly understood that those did not belong here. “Corruption from the database of the Ancients?” John said. “An artifact of being hooked up to their system…”
But that was no discussion he needed to be having with Bradstreet. He shook his head. “A dead and buried city on a planet in a glacial age….”
But not from John. A working knowledge of the operations of people’s hearts was part of a starship captain’s business, and this man’s heart he knew better than most others’. The secret’s presence down in that darkness was as clear to him as his earlier sense of where the gem had been.
John had just enough warning through the meld to straighten up—reluctant as he was to let go of that delectable cock,
Caught between the courage of the one and the anguish of the other, for long moments John couldn’t think of a single thing to do or say. Finally he simply said, “Bones… take care of him.” And caught in the wash of too much emotion, to his shame, he simply fled.
An immediate answer: “Hudson here, sir.” He could hear her working with some panel or other down in Engineering as she spoke, and nearby, the sound of Lestrade cursing softly as he apparently worked at levering a different panel open.
After a moment, Sh’lok nodded. “It has been—” He paused, plainly looking for an adjective communicating the right degree of ironic understatement. “Eventful.”
than he is! But each of you has made the best he could of a difficult world. And I believe you’re better than you let on. You’ve assumed a protective colouration of deadliness to survive in this environment. Completely understandable. But I don’t believe your past behaviour needs to limit what you can do and be in the future. Not by a long shot. And now’s your chance to turn recent events to your advantage.”
After a strained second Sh’lok pulled himself out of John’s grip. Across John’s mind there instantly flashed that moment with the chess board between them, how long ago now?—
As his eyes finished acclimatising, John looked up, and up, and further up still. All around him were vast gloomy spaces in which the deep dim red-gold light that filled this place picked out here a massive uprearing architrave, there a long colonnaded corridor under massive arches, there again vast stairways and mighty halls. Above everything arched an intricately wrought ceiling lost in shadow high above, in which the occasional star of some deep-set diamond glittered.
“It brings a madness, this time,” Sh’lok said after a moment, “which rips away our veneer of civilisation. It is the
John exchanged a glance with Lestrade. “No,” he said. “We’ll stay here and learn about you, and tell you of us.”
John neither knew nor cared who Morg might be. “Who’s in charge?” he said. “I wish to speak to him.”
John held still, wondering if the moment’s impulse had caused him to overplay his part. But Mary simply looked up at him and said, “Am I your woman?”
. It felt as if this Sh’lok was standing somewhere high, ready to throw himself down onto his waiting doom if some better opportunity wasn’t presented to him in a hurry.
Sh’lok had meant nothing but good in working on these antimatter mix equations and bringing them to Mrs. Hudson’s attention. After all, having her engines operating at improved efficiency was a matter of both pride for her (as he knew) and of great importance for the safety of the ship on mission.
Bradstreet got up from the helm console, making for the lift, as Sh’lok moved toward John. “Captain,” he said, “you've placed yourself in a most grave position. This conduct must be reported.”
John was shaking his head, seeing what was going to happen all too plainly, seeing what his choice was. But Lestrade knew the look on his face all too well by now. “You can’t do it, John!”
Sh’lok, however, was showing no willingness to stand still for being dogpiled. He simply shoved Hudders out of the way, and Donovan after her, and when Lestrade flung himself at him Sh’lok ducked and grabbed him and threw him much harder in the direction he was already going. John vaulted over the diagnostic bed at him and kicked him in the chest and into the nearby wall, but Sh’lok stayed on his feet, braced against the wall, and backhanded John across the face.
There was a pause suggestive of Anderson’s annoyance on finding that his new surveillance routine, which he’d thought would be able to get through the defences Sh’lok had installed around his own equipment, was in fact able to do no such thing. “My security board has detected extensive use of computers, Mr. Sh'lok. I was about to inform you.”
As if to prove the statement, Sh’lok’s two fingers together brushed softly over John’s prostate and a bolt of unimaginable pleasure shot up through him, pushing the breath right out of his lungs. But when he’d managed to gasp in another breath and blink some vision back into his eyes, John realised he hadn’t come, though his balls were tight and achingly full against him, though his cock was absolutely as hard as it had even been in his life.
, young man,” Mrs. Hudson said, though for the moment her tone was mild enough: possibly due to relief.
“Aye aye, sir,” Giotto said. “May I ask if you have reason to suspect this creature may be on that level?”
“Ready, sir. The tech on Janus VI says someone’s standing ready to escort  you to the facility supervisor’s office.”
“Twelve years, Captain Watson,” said Tharn, “or twelve thousand, would make no difference. We are ethically compelled to deny your demand for our dilithium crystals, for you would use their power to destroy.”
“Sh’lok. You’re this ship’s First Officer, with responsibilities and overtime hours second only to her Captain’s. If not worse! Of
completely filthy. And I’ve got a spare blanket. Let’s pull this off, and the pillowslip, and shove everything we don’t want to look at in there. And then, when we’re comfy…”
After a second either S’kroft had or hadn’t found what he was after. In any case he shifted his attention to the doctor. “And thou art called?”
There stood Mrs. Hudson, and Donovan, and Lestrade… all of them standing between the Transporter console and the pads, holding still as statues before the phaser that was being held on them. As John came in, that phaser swung toward him enough to cover him and Sh’lok too. He stopped right where he was as the door shut behind him, his gaze locking together with the cool, dangerous one of the small blonde woman holding the phaser.
John held still where he was. “I do not know killing,” Kara said, and for just a moment the more innocent tone showed through her voice. “I do not wish to kill—”
“John, if you will continue to see but not observe—” Then Sh’lok’s eyes closed and his head tipped back, his mouth dropping open, as John’s left hand settled itself softly right on Sh’lok’s crotch. A small gasp of pleasure escaped Sh’lok as John stroked the good-sized package that was twitching under his hand, growing harder by the moment… indeed, just
“Produce all data relevant to the recent ion storm,” John said. The usual few moments of whirring and blinking ensued. “Correlate following hypothesis. Could a storm of such magnitude cause a power surge in the transporter circuits creating a momentary interdimensional contact or intersection with a parallel universe?”
to feel. Once I mastered this tactic, few wished to perceive more than once their inner selves as I saw them under such circumstances. Quickly they abandoned that tactic and moved on to others less personally painful. But I realized then that it was possible my differences made me stronger than anyone knew. And off my own planet, out among the aliens, journeying, learning, who knew how strong I might become? So….”
“As I’ve told you many times before, It’s not your atoms that are being flung about, Doctor,” Sh’lok said, settling without apparent effort into his side of the waspish dialogue  the two of them had been cultivating with every evidence of (very covert) enjoyment since
managed to manifest itself at that point. Even in the midst of all this distress and pain and fear, John was more than glad to see at least a hint that the day-to-day Sh’lok he knew was in there still.
“The givers of pain and delight,” said the humanoid. He looked as if he thought John was a little stupid not to know about this.
Sh’lok treated John with a sardonic roll of the eyes that would have done credit to the one John had left behind. “Captain,” he said—
He nodded slightly to Sh’lok, hit the door control and headed out, thinking again about the meeting he was now ten minutes late for.
“Sh’lok,” she said, glancing at the datacart he’d brought her. “The physics in this looks quite passable. Come back tomorrow or the next day and we’ll stress-test it a bit. Meanwhile—” She actually gave him a little push. “Stop wasting my time and get on with you. Go be where you want to be.”
He looked across the board at John, plainly making up his mind. “And that same imminence now triggers another issue," Sh'lok said, “an urgent one, for which time to successfully resolve it is quickly running out.”
John couldn’t quite get rid of the impression that the tendrils weren’t moving just because of Bones moving the jar. “What about Rosie?”
The thought of what could take the raw material of such a man and turn it into the cold-hearted, murderous schemer he’d just seen hauled away was making John go cold inside.
“Yes,” Sh’lok said, and looked away. Very low he said, “If this should be the case, I wanted a chance to say goodbye to you as my whole self—or as close as I could come to that state—before I—”
more! John felt like he could have actually swooned with the sheer unbridled bliss of it, except he was gripping Sh’lok too hard to do anything but take him down with him if he did any swooning, and anyway he could feel the wave of pleasure overtaking Sh’lok too, his own
that had a double door, both layers of it strengthened for pressure and both interleaved with inbuilt forcefield management in case one or both of them should fail. Normally this door could only be opened when there was a coded override in operation from the Bridge. But as a matter of course John knew that code, and touched it into the door control now.
Lives lost, but so many lives saved; amazing worlds and peoples discovered and survived. Battles, yes, but none of them genocidal. Many more wars stopped than started. A Federation unquestionably imperfect—what else could you expect in an imperfect universe?— but genuinely working to be better. A gathering of worlds and peoples that was growing all the time, not because it was forcing people to join it, but because they wanted to be a part of it. The infinite diversity, the infinite combinations, slowly spreading out across a vast volume of space that was being made safer for them all the time—
The response was immediate. The woman in purple scowled at him, stepped away from her chair and around the table. “No,” she said. “It is not permitted.
He felt Sh’lok catching his breath—desire and astonishment and half-disbelieving joy all winding together for one second, two… Then certainty broke through. Then the fingers moved fractionally against John’s face, slid to the places where they needed to be, pressed gently in.
John regarded the item in question and shook his head, and smiled, because Sh’lok was right, as usual. “You’re impossible.”
Dimmock was too frozen with fear to move. The security officer reached to Dimmock’s belt and unlatched a little oblong device with some kind of red power-and-control solid on the front of it, handing this to Sh’lok.
“Well,” Lestrade said, “it's nothing I can pinpoint without an examination, but he's become increasingly restive. If he wasn’t a Vulcan, I'd almost say
Though he was distracted by other thoughts, the pressure of their gazes quickly got his attention. “What?” He blinked. “I’m a doctor, not a bloody engineer!”
“There’s no known medical cause for what happened on those planets, John,” Lestrade said. “So many people apparently becoming insane all at once, then dying?” He shook his head. “Logistically alone, it seems impossible. And as for scientific causes—” He looked uncertain. “A few theories, but no data to support them. Trouble is that this isn’t a very heavily settled area, and it wouldn’t be coming down with researchers…”
Shortly, though, that tunnel came out into a wider space that looked like a small cavern or cavelet that natural forces had produced in the stone—one that showed few signs of the miners’ tools, with only an occasional piece of equipment discarded on the relatively smooth floor.
The next thing John knew, she was kissing him again, this time with much more intensity and staying power. Fortunately old reflexes kicked in and made sure that he was kissing her back before the memory of more recent kisses, and the relationship that had come with them, ruined the effect. But the longer it went on, the less comfortable John became with the situation, despite the fact that right now the subterfuge was necessary.
But he had never received so shattering a compliment from any other being in his life—and because it was this man saying it, John knew it to be true.
The executioner stepped between T’Eyreen and T’Kait, leveling his blade between them. But John found it hard to pay attention when he was being blindsided by a sudden twinge of memory.
knew how Mrs. Hudson got if her maintenance routine was interfered with… and she’d been getting that way the last couple of days.
John discovered. Time in a mindmeld seemed impossible to keep track of. Very quickly he gave up trying: there was too much at stake to allow himself to become distracted.
was sitting in that chair was more than sufficient to widen his eyes. The chair bearers were carrying a tall man who was almost all dressed in black, from his calf-length tunic to his dark-bound leggings, except for a flash of high-collared white undertunic at his long throat and a heavy chain of rectangular silver links around his neck. In the crook of his elbow, almost negligently, he braced a long dark staff, curiously carved so that it looked almost as if folds of cloth were wrapped tight around it. His hair was cut much as Sh’lok’s, but it was smoother and of a dark auburn that caught in itself subdued glints of the somber redness of the stones and sky around them. The man had close-set eyes, strong brows, a long nose, a saturnine mouth. His was the sort of face behind which even someone who didn’t know who he was might suspect a great many secrets were held, smoothly, effortlessly.
It was strange how restful it was, especially the climbing part, when you were going up and down those ladders in the Jeffries tubes. You didn’t have a lot of attention to spare for that idiotic piece of paperwork you just signed off on, or the complaints of one of your department heads whose problems you suspect have more to do with their own short-term emotional turmoil than anything actually wrong with their department (which as far as
Lestrade didn’t bother answering that—just reached out and pressed the hyposprayer into John’s bicep.
But the whole concept was a touch dulled, as if John’s brain felt it had no time to spare for it. Made sense: if matters went that far, it would mean John was dead.
John shook his head and swallowed, his insides already starting to tie themselves in knots. “You say you're convinced he knows what’s causing this?”
John had decided this morning that it was going to be a day when he didn’t use the turbolifts at all.
But John didn’t get a chance to say anything further, because that was when the Security team ran in. At the sight of them the woman in the purple lamé touched a button on an armlet she was wearing…
“I'll be right there. Watson out.” He glanced down at Mrs. Hudson, who looked increasingly irritated at the thing she and her assistant were building. All John could do was try to communicate that her reputation as a miracle-worker was safe as far as he was concerned. “Hudders,” he said, patting her shoulder, “ride herd on it. Kind words. Tender loving care. Kiss it, baby it… bake it scones if you have to. But keep it going as long as you can.”
Sh’lok gave John a look that was both kindly and exasperated. “John, you see but you don’t observe. Though I
John closed his eyes and braced himself to deal with the shock he remembered from sigma Draconis VI, the sudden flinch-back-from-a-burn reaction at feeling, directly, the touch of another mind. But it didn’t come. What did come was a strangely pleasant sense, creeping along John’s nerves, of what he was doing with
Yet here, plainly, was a man who did not merely tolerate him because he was good at what he did: who saw Sh’lok, and respected him… or saw and respected something in him that he found familiar.
“Immediate” turned out to be an accurate description of the flood of imagery that came tumbling down over them. And lip-nipping looked like the very least of it. Apparently this was a situation in which the demure touching and stroking of fingers and palms were set aside in favour of strategies far more robust. John was briefly blinded by an image-storm of grasping hands, grappling limbs, bared teeth, bodies and parts of bodies that thrust and clasped and pinned down and rolled together and penetrated and ensheathed—
Slowly John lowered his face to the head of Sh’lok’s cock and kissed the tip of it, slowly, tenderly, feeding himself on the sound of Sh’lok’s moan… then brushed down over that head more intimately, with open lips.
It was as if there was something that Lestrade wanted more than anything to avoid saying, lest saying it make it true. But John had no time for that, not when they were standing over a Sh’lok who looked like this. And if he needed to push Lestrade past it, then he would. “Come on, Bones. What’s the mystery?”
His Vulcan nodded. “I would say, considering the events of the day, that we’ve been…unusually fortunate.”
Following the sound Mrs. Hudson had described led them out of the lab building’s plaza, down some more stairs and into a little sheltered courtyard formed by an overpass-walkway between two large buildings and a space where narrow wings of the two buildings butted into each other. Though John had more than enough excuse to be numbed by the day’s events so far, there was something about this space that whispered
Sh’lok gave his Captain a look as if John had asked him for the Eta Cancri Carbuncle, or perhaps the Holy Grail. “Nothing for a device
“Pity it didn’t make him any smarter,” Mary said. “Hard to imagine he really thought you’d let the lot of them escape alive to tell what had happened.” She shrugged. “But you got what you needed. The secret of
“Mr. Bradstreet,” John said, “how late will we arrive for the ceremonies if we increase speed to maximum and divert to Vulcan just long enough to drop off Mr. Sh’lok?”
In another corridor entirely, but very like the one down which one that Sh’lok walked, John Watson made his way, doing his best to look like he belonged there. It was a technique that had served him well in the back streets of port towns and the council rooms of the powerful: convince yourself that you belonged, and let your body communicate the message.
-minute kick, the play that John desperately hoped he was right to try to pull off—because if he was somehow wrong about this, he was sure there were no more dangerous hands in this world than the ones in which he was about to place this trust. “Sh’lok, the accident that brought us here—this is one of the most
So they strove together a while more, getting slippery with sweat and other liquids—for both of them were harder than ever, and leaking—and the air grew hot and full of the rich or sharp musks of Vulcan or human arousal. And at last came the moment that John knew was right, without knowing how.
“I think not, Captain. The planet as a whole is appropriately moderately tectonically active for its age; some volcanism is in progress at the moment. But that activity is far distant from the mining facility—nearly three quarters of the way around the planet. The area around the mining facility has been tectonically quiescent for many centuries.”
“The old one is finished!” Kara wailed. “There is no other than this! There  will not be another for ten thousand years!”
“Something no one but you can do,” John said. “That no one here but you can be trusted to do.” And here came the 89
, whose Captain—plainly glad to get rid of a difficult Science Officer—had described Sh’lok, in probably the worst language a hidebound Vulcan well into his second century could summon up, as “regulations-averse”.
“John,” he said. “Sorry. I didn’t mean to put you on the spot earlier. But you plainly knew who that woman was…” He paused, possibly not sure what to make of John’s extremely neutral expression. “Or thought you did.”
Yet there was still someone in there who wanted to see what softness and sentiment might actually be
still wrapped around his neck. The pressure around his throat tightened, then—tightened more and more inexorably. There was no more air.
“Old style photoelectric cells?” Mrs. Hudson said, and sniffed. “Seems a bit downmarket after that ion drive…”
At the sight of a mind behind those eyes again, John had the sudden urge to laugh out loud for sheer relief. But he restrained himself. There was nothing to be relieved about… not just yet. “Sh’lok,” he said.
Once more Sh’lok assumed that mild-mannered, emotion-what-emotion, butter-wouldn’t-melt-in-my-mouth expression. “Merely my quite logical relief that Starfleet had not lost a highly proficient captain.”
Sh’lok swallowed hard. But in his widened eyes, John saw a hot bright flare of realisation, like conducted light falling where it was most needed. “If there can be other Sh’loks,
“Right you are,” Mrs. Hudson said, and gestured with her head at Ensign Gregson. The two of them angled off among the boulders, out of sight of the fallen humanoid.
Sh’lok would have something like that around, hidden away in one of the labs somewhere, or as Garrideb had said, in his quarters: probably homemade, and awaiting just this kind of opportunity.
Sh’lok flicked just the briefest glance at his Captain, and for just that fraction of a second John thought he caught sight of something that looked like shame or pain or both. That quick gesture Sh’lok immediately turned into part of turning away to sit down behind his desk. John wasn’t going to make an issue of that, despite being in the middle of a dressing-down. It was rare enough that Sh’lok unbent with John when they were in situations that had to do specifically with their relationship as officers.
John laughed ruefully. “Oh yes it does, Sh’lok!” They turned another corner, and yet another after that. “Keep concentrating, Sh’lok. Just keep concentrating…”
There were so many echoes in here that it was hard sometimes to tell during one of these contacts when you were hearing it in present reality or a past one. At a peculiar distance John thought he heard his own voice saying,
“Perfectly clear, Captain,” Sh’lok said. It was hard to imagine that deep voice going small, but it was trying.
He shut up, then, as Sh’lok pulled himself carefully free of the surgical screen, sat up, and stretched. Then he turned to Lestrade. “Congratulations, Doctor. And thank you.”
Lestrade looked at him with great unease. “Do you know what one million candlepower per square inch can do to your optic nerves?”
Sh’lok raised his eyes and met John’s for just a moment, searching. Then he turned away, moving a short way back into the main room, and settled himself into an uncomfortable-looking sort of parade rest, hands clasped behind his back.
John thought. Normally he was overjoyed any time he was right around a Vulcan. Today was already turning out to be enough to break him of that forever.
and his grip on John’s throat. Blinking and gasping, John caught an involuntary glimpse of the hanging half-gong, broken, blowing in the wind.
about something, John laughed and pulled him close and kissed him again, deeply, with intent to derail.
John abandoned himself to the pleasure of Sh’lok’s tongue in him, Sh’lok’s fingers in him, probing, sounding his depths, laying his body open as his mind already was. Blending with it was the constant awareness of Sh’lok’s anticipation, his delight, and his hardness, the drumming throb within it slowly and inexorably increasing in pace. Soon John’s whole consciousness seemed to be consumed by that rhythm, his desperately hard cock’s own throbbing, and by the movement of his own body as it thrust against Sh’lok of its own volition.
“Specify,” she said, appearing as cool and unperturbed as if it was the weather they were discussing and not the reason she had just used him as a weapon to murder the one man he cared about most in all the worlds.
“Locked in on the facility’s reception area, Captain,” Anderson said, glancing up only briefly before going back to double-checking his settings. “It’s a pretty long way down under the surface, though. You like to be sure of your targeting in a situation like this…”
“Mr. Bradstreet, lay in a course for Altair Six. Our compliments to Vulcan Space Central, and leave orbit when ready. Watson out.”
John spent a moment regarding the creature. It hadn’t moved again, and the little cavern was echoing with the deep throbbing pulse-like beat they’d first heard when it appeared and had seemed surprised to come across them.
John sagged back into the center seat for a moment, trying to process what he’d just seen. Behind him, Lestrade and Hudson dropped the hands with which they’d been shielding their eyes. Sh’lok turned back to his console and checked his viewer. “All clear, Captain. Hull temperature falling; gravimetric pull approaching normal tolerances.”
He could feel, both physically and mentally, the cocked eyebrow, and could intuit the wry (implied) glance at the two of them, their surroundings, and their present condition.
“We’ll have to lay in the automatic transporter setting when we’re doing the power bypass,” Hudders said. “A bit inelegant, but workable. Problem is, when we interrupt the engine circuits to tie the power increase into the transporter, it'll show up on Anderson’s security board. But we'll only need a second or so of that to lock it in.”
She reached under the front placket of her skirt, pulled out one of their confiscated phasers, and pointed it at his chest.
A second later Anderson’s second henchman, the one standing near the diagnostic table by the door, vanished too. John glanced from side to side just enough to see the astonished looks on Hudders’s and Donovan’s faces, but didn’t move otherwise, willed them not to move either—
In the centre seat, John punched the comms button, already knowing in his bones what the answer would be, for after a long association Hudders’ tone of voice could tell him a great deal even with one word. “Watson here.”
“Sir,” Lestrade said, “I don't understand. Are you trying to say that she rejected him… that she doesn't want him?”
And through it all, the two of them unfailingly there for their crew and each there for the other, the loyalty deepening and widening, the friendship forging itself solid and strong… until slowly each of them began to realise that it was something far, far more than just that. Weeks and months going by with the intimacy slowly and quietly weaving itself more tightly with every passing day on the Bridge, every afternoon sparring session, every evening spent in quiet, contemplative combat over the chessboards…
Tharn nodded. “We accept that your Federation is benevolent… at present. But the future is always in question. Our dilithium crystals represent awesome power. Wrongful use of that power, even to the extent of the taking of
That was merely the top layer of questions, glittering like sunlight on the surface of the liquid rush of underlying danger. This was the very paradigm of what had taken John into Starfleet and out to space: new life. And risk, yes: but that was the price you paid for going out to meet the unknown. And in a situation like this, John paid it willingly, because it was
Lestrade’s eyebrows went up. “Well, I can rig a test cubicle in the Bio lab, put our specimen in it. But I don't —”
And which was the only reason John could now, teasing, glance at the bed and then back at Sh’lok, and smile, and say,
John trailed off as Sh’lok turned fully toward him and bent that silver-dark gaze down to meet John’s. The sheer fierce intensity of it locked John’s joints and made him wonder if possibly his bones were about to catch fire. “Let me clarify the matter then,” Sh’lok said. “My orientation is toward
not. Within moments the bells and the bloodlust and the words of ceremony had dragged Sh’lok under the surface again—still struggling, but impotent in the event against the forces that had killed many a full-blooded Vulcan before him.
Too late. The turbolift doors slid open as Lestrade was heading for them, and Sh’lok, in scrubs like Lestrade’s, shoved the doctor out of his way and came plunging out. The lively intelligence always visible in those keen eyes was completely missing. Sh’lok’s face was a strange mask of intense but strangely soulless focus, and John went cold at the sight of it.
condition?” He looked grim. “I checked him over one last time this morning. He’s in terrible shape. And I was expecting what he was in for now was a stroll up the aisle, dammit, not armed combat!” Lestrade winced. “
Sh’lok was already up off his knees and heading for the single fallen creature with his tricorder in hand, scanning it. Then he stopped, looking both interested and put out. “Incredible,” he said. “Not only should it have been destroyed by our phasers, it does not even register on my tricorder. “
The urge to go find Sh’lok, right away, and start saying to him what needed to be said without any possibility of being misunderstood, rose up in John and for several moments shut the breath away from his lungs nearly as thoroughly as the
…Yet that call never came. And John’s tension levels started to rise, entirely against his will. Not that there wasn’t reason enough for that already.
At which point John had had entirely enough provocation for the moment. He punched the man right in the jaw, and down he went like the proverbial sackful of hammers.
“Doctor,” Sh’lok said, refusing for the moment to quite meet Lestrade’s eyes for fear of what he might see there, “I shall be resigning my commission immediately, of course.”
“I quite understand, Captain,” Sh'lok said, his voice soft but the tone abstracted, as if his mind was somewhere else.
As John headed for the Transporter room along with Sh’lok and Lestrade, he found himself wondering how long it would take gossip about the conversation with Vulcan, and Sh'lok’s description of the woman on the screen, to reach every last person aboard
John said. “What is that, a plea for us not to kill it? Or a promise that it won't kill us?” Not that both sentiments weren’t positive, as far as they went.
It took only a few moments for Sh’lok to find and identify the one that led into the subcorridor he needed. The subcorridor looked much like the one from which he’d entered, but Sh’lok knew by the feel of it that he was in the right place. He bent over a bit, whistled through his teeth—his mother had taught him that—and slapped his thighs.
Also: a course is laid in for Vulcan. Then for Altair. Then for Vulcan. Then for Altair again. Miraculously, no one gets space sick.
Sh’lok sat up on the diagnostic bed, swung around with what under the circumstances was frankly surprising speed, and gripped Greg’s forearm tight. “The Captain let me live,” he said.
On the dais, on an ornately carved and cushioned bench bracketed by a couple of his standing senior advisors, sat Tharn, the leader of the Council. He was an earnest, intense little man in middle age, silver-haired as many of his people were, who wore a simple orange tunic collared and hemmed in gold, and held a gold-knobbed rod of office across his lap. On his forehead, like his attendants, he wore a small round blue mark that was an indicator of his adherence to the planet’s ethical code, which had a long name in Halkan that John had to keep relearning because he kept forgetting it.
The creature watched John move, but aside from a little shuffling in place, it didn’t shift position in any significant way, and the purring/pulsing/throbbing sound got slower. John found a place where the cavern wall was straight and smooth enough for him to put his back up against it comfortably, and squatted down there, eyeing his odd companion.
“Even the issue of garments caused difficulty,” Sh’lok said. “Horta obviously don’t stand in need of clothes, and the fact that humans seemed to be wearing different hides at different times confused her further. And while the Horta’s sensorium seems exquisitely discriminating in terms of shape, scent and pressure, again, the overwhelming
John walked past him out of the diagnostic room and bumped his shoulder against Sh’lok’s in a friendly way,
The Vulcan chose that moment to come back in from the other lab. “Captain,” he said, “you'll need a host for the next step in the test—to determine whether the creature can be driven from a living body. I am the logical choice.”
Bridge that also contained him… and the one likely to cause him, and his stranded people, the most trouble.
Sh’lok was regarding him dubiously. “John, I remind you that this is a silicon-based form of life. Doctor Lestrade barely even believes such life to be a possibility! His medical knowledge will be totally useless.”
“They deserved it, every one of them!” the man was saying in a voice that was both furious and deadly quiet. “I was here
“Captain, it has no reason to give us the device! And apparently every reason for wishing us off this planet.”
of it. Having spent no more than two seconds staring at that suddenly-shut door to Sh’lok’s quarters, he turned and said to everyone within earshot, “As you were, ladies and gentlemen. Carry on.”
The three of them paused at the top of a shallow flight of steps leading down into the central space. The glittering sand here was paler, as if brought from somewhere else. In the middle of the space was a single smooth-built pillar with another of the rough-hewn caps, this one jutting out a meter or so over a shallow two-stepped dais of the ubiquitous polished red stone. The dais was made in a six-sided geometrical shape like a hexagon pulled long against one of its axes. The rear of the dais, against the pillar, held what looked like a gently smoking firepit. From the capstone above it there hung a verdigrised bronze gong (at least judging by the hammer that hung nearby), in the same stretched-hexagon form.
And just as Greg was about to be forced under the dark surface of another being’s will, possibly to drown there, he heard the Sickbay door hiss open. Then someone came hurriedly in, muttering “Dammit Bones, can’t believe I nearly went back out there without a bloody—
It was taking John a moment to recover from what he saw in those eyes… if in fact recovery was ever going to be possible. He blinked a bit, wiped his eyes.
be hearing again in the days to come, excoriating him as always but now with a new reason, utterly irrefutable, the best
“…And your eyes,” he found himself saying after a moment as he looked into them. “You’ve looked at me a thousand different ways, but I didn’t ever think… Until today, until maybe a couple of hours ago I didn’t
clothes?? And meanwhile moment was succeeding moment and something genuinely awful had happened and he had to pull himself together and
In the middle of the room stood Sh’lok, hands clasped behind him in his own version of parade rest, and every bit of his attention bent on the man standing with his back to the outer office door. He was thin, wiry, in late middle-age, with salt-and-pepper hair and a creased, angry face. He had Sh’lok’s phaser, and it was trained on the Vulcan in a hand shaking with rage.
But Sh’lok wasn’t accepting delivery on the teasing. “John, your life is in danger! You can't take the risk.”
“Mmm, well, it wasn’t so much a plan as a general strategy. Though I did think we might take a break at about the halfway point and let ourselves be seen. Get a bite to eat. And do the rounds a bit so they don’t, you know, panic.”
The woman in purple stood up, seeming to produce a bit of indignation at that, as if John ought to be able to see the obvious.
Sh’lok rolled his eyes. “One must assume that Deity when invoked in this modality is unusually patient with its most consistent devotees.”
laid waste by the events that could flow from this one accident was making the hair stand up all over him. “If you can keep this ship in one piece and at the same time find a way to keep the Empire off your back—you’ll eventually suss this out from top to bottom. No man alive’s better equipped than you are to analyse this data, to discover ways to keep it from being used dangerously, ways it could be used safely. And given enough time, I bet you could even figure out a way not to need some ridiculous coincidence, some accident of everyone being in the right place at the right time with an ion storm on top, to compromise space and open the portal between universes for you. You’ll find a way to do it cleanly. Elegantly.
John absorbed that for a second, considering one conversation that had already occurred between his helmsman and his navigator, and extrapolating at least one other that might have done. It was also possible that somewhere aboard, currency of one sort or another would shortly be changing hands. “I see,” he said, hearing in the background the door in the lab hissing open and shut. “Very well, Bradstreet; carry on. Watson out.”
John locked eyes with him and started undoing his flies, touching the closure unfastened and stroking one finger down it to reveal what lay beneath. The stretchy black synsilk of his pants was under considerable strain in the front, and as Sh’lok’s gaze dropped to take in the view, John smiled.
close by… who could make absolutely sure they were moved on. Not that tough a job, really. After all, everybody has to sleep.” She looked up at him from under her lashes. “But then…
Lestrade immediately went for the pragmatic approach. “You can't move Deneva closer to the sun, John!”
“Fine,” John said. “Thank you. Moving on now to us getting my people back where we belong. You going to help us with that? Or am I going to have to remove you from play?”
Sh’lok stopped there, then looked down at the mallet in his hand and dropped it on the sand. Silently he turned and walked away toward the far side of the stone circle as the man with the blade lowered it and rested it pommel-first on the sand.
issue has already been tested and proven many times… the result being our continued survival and repeated commendations from Starfleet. Also, consider—it’s not a given sexual relationship that’s supposed to possibly endanger one’s performance. It’s the emotional relationship that’s routinely assumed to accompany the sexual component. And in our case, the emotional relationship has been there to a greater or lesser extent, at least
The man and the sehlat greeted one another for some moments more, and there was the inevitable face- slobbering, and very softly Sh’lok laughed—the sound he had always kept secret inside him until he and his sehlat were well away across the dunes, where no one could hear and misunderstand. Then Sh’lok stood up and brushed himself off, and the sehlat sat himself down on the floor of the palace so hard that the place shook with it a bit; and he stared up at Sh’lok, panting and grinning and ready for their next adventure.
John and Sh’lok and Lestrade went after him at speed. They followed him out into the cavern and pounded their way across the great echoing space, dodging in among the cracking columns and out again, toward one largish circular structure that stood to one side of the main compound near a number of entries to the tunnel complex. “The power plant—” Vanderberg panted as they caught up with him near the building.
John wanted to pace, he wanted to shout, he wanted to shoot something: but there was nothing to shoot, the pacing wouldn’t have taken him anywhere helpful, and the shouting wouldn’t have done anything but upset everyone in the room… because he was the one who was supposed to be in command, in control, the master of the situation. Therefore all John could do was stand there and do his best to radiate calm and support in Lestrade’s direction.
John nodded. Sally Donovan, up there on the Bridge and holding the fort all by herself, had been much on his mind. Now here was something she could do that John strongly suspected would help make the suffering seem at least slightly worthwhile. “I’ll tell Donovan we need her to create some kind of diversion to distract Anderson, on your signal. So let’s get back to our posts, at least for a short time. Keep me advised.”
pressing down toward his throat and started trying to wrest control of it from John), it was finding ways out of the traps the universe kept dropping in his path. Partly it was because he had such good reason to find his way out of them now. The early talent that had crystallized itself out around the tempting target of the
.” John shook his head. “A dozen planets depend on you for pergium for their reactors. They're already screaming. Reactors are closing down, life support systems…”
The chair bearers were setting down their burden on the secondary dais, and taking the bearing-poles away. The man in the chair held up his left hand commandingly toward Sh’lok in the Vulcan salute.
And he fell on his knees before the woman, because he had no problem at all with grandstanding when the stakes were so ridiculously high.
were the one who said they’d try to weaponise it,” John said. “My money says your deduction’s sound. Think of the accidents that happen when greedy, overeager people try to weaponise things, and also to get one up on each other. You’re talking about a theoretical technology that could blow up a
“No surprise there,” Lestrade said, “as I saw John’s boots in your gut at least twice, and at that point he’d kind of given up on being gentle.” He studied the readout on his padd. “Okay, some deep muscle bruising but no organ involvement. I’ll give you some sub-Q analgesia for that, but it won’t stop you turning all kinds of green and blue in a day or so.” Lestrade put the padd down. “Back in a sec and we’ll do your bloods.”
John thought about that timing and jumped to what he thought might be a possible conclusion. “Of course,  Sh’lok,” he said. “The baby Hortas are going to hatch pretty soon, aren’t they? Makes perfect sense that the event should be documented. For Science.” That was the most readily-available excuse, of course. “And there’s no time to get a dedicated team out here to do observations. Naturally the job falls to us.”
Sh’lok cleared his throat. “Ah. Well. Thank you, Captain.” John spent the next few moments studiously examining the chess board and not snickering (out loud). “Be that as it may… This system worked well enough for some few score millennia. But when the Controller before the one I was meant to replace expired, apparently a fault developed in one of the database’s programming routines—”
At the thought of what had just passed here, of what he had done, came that pain again: like a knife in his side, like a fist clenching around his heart—like a fire that would burn that heart out. Sh’lok shook his head. “I shall do neither,” he said. “I have killed my captain… and my friend.”
“Higher than we might think, I’m told,” John said, his mind flashing instantly to a night some months back, late at night across the chess boards from Sh’lok, when the discussion had wandered into recent advances in alternate-universe “sheaf theory.” Shortly he’d found himself floundering at the deep end of a conversation (or an affectionate lecture, as “conversation” implies an exchange during which both parties are equipped to hold their own) containing phrases like “Heisenbergian hyperstring resonations” and “dynamic adjacency” and “blind brane convergence,” and
“We came to put you back,” said John; and if a touch of exasperation crept into the words, he felt he could hardly be blamed. “Where are you?”
, he’d started quizzing the tall dark newly-assigned quartermaster about just why this should be. Surely the Captain’s quarters should be closer to the lift than his First Officer’s? Her answer had quickly turned into a complex tangle of crowd vectors and motion studies, command priorities and algorithms, event probabilities and who knew what else. And then something interrupted the explanation… the Gorns? the Organians?… and he’d never got around to following up. Now, though, as they came to Sh’lok’s door John was privately praising Lieutenant Crossby’s punctiliousness to the skies, because it meant that much less time for Sh’lok to fetch the chess set so John could get him into his quarters and… and…
He was not grandstanding, John knew. The man’s steady faith in the rightness of his path showed in his face, his eyes. “I admire your ethics,” John said, “and hope to prove ours.”
damn microtransports of the blood oozing out of the compromised vessels to compensate for the low dosage… two of them after Anderson and his thugs came marching in, and one while John was enthusiastically kicking Anderson’s sorry arse.
Sh’lok moved over toward the desk again to gaze down at the silicon nodule. “It may be, Doctor, that the creature can exist for brief periods in such an atmosphere before returning to its own environment…”
And it wasn’t over yet. If he was any judge—and (with a shiver of anticipation) he very much hoped he was — the evening could prove far more momentous.
But he was wrong. With the inability to strike the gong that final blow came a rush of sheerly hormonal terror and rage the likes of which Sh’lok had never felt before. His brain chemistry struggled to maintain its balance against the onslaught. But the deep-embedded physiological triggers swiftly drowned him in wave after wave of hunger and anger, overwhelming and irresistible. And it was sweet,
“At such a moment,” John said to the computer, “could persons in each universe, in the act of beaming, transpose with their counterparts in the other universe?”
and clubbed Sh’lok upside the head with it. The Vulcan went down, sprawling, then scrambled to his feet again as John moved in, holding the
rather than the other way around. And he definitely had something to communicate now. When moments like this came to him, John felt something similar to that old English-countryside superstition about how when important things were happening, if you kept bees, you had to go tell them or their feelings would be hurt.
“And no one at the facility can be allowed to know,” Sh’lok said. “The chance of the murderer getting wind of what we’re up to and immediately moving to destroy valuable evidence is too great.”
There followed a long, long pause… and then the sound of breath being drawn in. Deliberately, but quite quickly, that eye opened. A nictitating membrane slid back—
On perceiving the massive redoubt so forbiddingly, indeed insultingly, erected in his path, S’kroft merely allowed Sh’lok to feel him manifest a thin current of vague bored disdain. Then he simply went around the internal Seleya, straight to the neural pathways dedicated to the mindlock, where S’Kroft ran his mind coolly down them and certified them as intact and operational. It did seem to Sh’lok that S’kroft took some moments more about this than were strictly necessary. Doubtless the delay was intended as casually punitive, a reminder to his wayward scapegrace Clan-kin that Sh’lok’s life choices had often enough left the Vulcans surrounding him wondering whether mentally he was entirely intact.
the wish in the moment that John imagined it, and instantly move to grant it. Those curls brushed teasingly against John’s cock again; up one side, down the other, and then against John’s balls once more, a soft warm silken pressure that made John moan again with helpless longing and clutch at the bedclothes with one hand. With the other he reached down to tangle his fingers into Sh’lok’s hair, rubbing its irresistible softness against him.
A parallel universe co-existing with ours, on another dimensional plane. Everything's duplicated, almost. Another
was the excuse his mind threw up for him, ready-made; a quick distraction from the painful truth that it was his own emotional displays that were likely to become an issue today.
. Moments later John threw his head back with his eyes squeezed shut and lost everything but the sense of that big hand first wrapping softly around him, then more tightly, stroking. And the mind
he thought. Someone’s uncertainty had definitely faded into the background when expertise was no longer an issue…
“If you’ve got a moment, Mr. Sh’lok, wouldn’t mind certifying you fit after the earlier excitement, such as it was.” Lestrade sounded bored. “Granted today was a bit anticlimactic, but the run-up to it got lively sometimes.”
But they were up against it, at the moment, and there was no alternative. “Lieutenant,” John said. “I know. But you’re the only one who can do this. And I know you will.”
ever got to see. “No,” Sh’lok said. “Having experienced it, Captain, it’s not a mode of being I feel able to recommend. Or would care to attempt again.”
“The thief who took it has the knowledge,” John said. “One way or another, we’ll get it out of her when we find her. And whatever instruments or equipment she used to take his brain out, likely enough when we find her, those instruments or their equivalents will be there too. The odds of us having time or leisure to bring them back up here and get them working look pretty poor to me. Therefore we bring Sh'lok with us—bring him to
“Not at all,” Sh’lok said, handing it to him. John rubbed his hands along the curves and abstract-looking designs of it. “It comes from Earth, from India… a souvenir of my mother’s, from when she went there to study for her first doctorate in languages.”
The space into which they’d beamed down had what for humanoid species was something of a typical city-plaza look. It was an open area centered on a broad, shallow, formal water feature and surrounded by lawnlike patches, paved walkways, a sculpture garden or two, and (at the edges) three- or four-storey buildings of clean, simple design. What the space did
John sat himself down, stretching against the back of the seat in a casual way that he meant to be diagnostic for the sharp-eyed beings who inhabited this space. “Well, you know, Fleet did say ‘any reasonable delay,’” he said. “And the way we’ve been rushing around of late, I suspect Mrs. Hudson wouldn’t mind a quiet day or so with her engines. You know how she gets.”
Mrs. Hudson was standing outside what looked like the mouth of a small cavern. “Over here, John,” she said, and gestured at the opening with her phaser. “Take a look. There’s food in there… and a whole pile of other stuff. A storehouse for our muscular friends?”
Sh’lok was sensitive enough to John’s subdued mood at the moment that he forebore to correct his Captain about whether or not he ever guessed. Instead he looked up past John toward the ventilator grille high in the wall. “Notice that, Captain,” he said. “Apparently they were trying to keep something outside from getting in. Obviously they were not entirely successful.”
All of Vulcan in one package. How can I walk away from this? How can I possibly back out in front of
But there were other issues more immediate. “How’re you doing, Doc?” John said as he put the broken shell aside.
the back of John’s mind whispered to him, as the eyes of the man on the floor of the cluttered little flat met his again.
There was another problem, though. At Tantalus V, Sh’lok had been uncertain enough about the technique working even on a human. John shot a glance at the creature that was apparently regarding them from the stony floor. “You really think you can get through to that thing?”
But if it should befall me, I suggest you remember that my operatives would avenge my death… and some of
to John—and more deeply by far than he already did as a friend, as a colleague, as a fellow officer. With every inward thrust Sh’lok could feel himself becoming more John’s, more John’s
John couldn’t do anything but shake his head and start giggling as he reached up to brush the curls away from one of those elegant ears.
Sh’lok nodded, gazing at the board. “With your permission,” he said after a moment, “I think it would be useful if I revisited the Janus VI facility for a time.” He was quiet for a moment, studying the board: or seeming to. “Tomorrow morning planet time, I would say, would be ideal. But no later, I think. Even tomorrow afternoon might be too late.”
His eyes met John’s, and for some reason John felt so uncomfortable that he had to drop his gaze for a moment to get back in control of himself. He thought of sigma Draconis VI and of that hand held up in front of his face, and Sh’lok’s voice saying,
John thought, finding nothing particularly funny about the description now that he was face to face with the reality of it. In a cloud of acid-reeking fumes, something knobbly and dome-shaped and easily a meter tall slid right at the two of them out of what had been solid stone a moment before, and then stopped still, almost as if surprised.
Sh’lok said, sounding a bit throaty and rough even in his mind, and not looking away from John’s flies,
He dragged himself to his feet and stared at the helm and the viewscreen. As he watched, Dimmock gazed around blearily as he pulled himself upright again. “What happened?”
The sound of footsteps brought John to his feet again. Moments later Giotto and another of his security team arrived. “Are you all right, Captain?” Giotto said, breathless.
could!” John said, caught equally halfway between frustration and a desperate don't-you-dare-tell-me-otherwise faith. “A while ago it was child's play!”
John made his way back to his quarters, fairly hungry for a few minutes by himself just to think and try to pull himself together for whatever was going to come next. There was a crewman in front of his door, standing guard—
you… though the heat death of the universe would occur before he would admit to any such thing. So take the truth of it from me, and be content.”
With the backs of his fingers he stroked John’s face, his gaze dropping to John’s lips, as his other hand closed around the head of John’s cock and most gently stroked the foreskin back.
She circled her finger teasingly over the button. “I press it,” she said, “and he dies.” The finger poised above the button, ready to stab at it. “…Now?”
Sh’lok met his eyes, and then had to smile and look away. “For others to see,” he said. “But then Vulcans are not immune to seeing only what they wish to.” Sh’lok made a face. “It’s not to say we don’t find each other, well, challenging. S’kroft is pompous and stiff and besotted of regulations and prim and proper and annoying. Whereas
John said wordlessly as he took back the initiative and his tongue slid and stroked against Sh’lok’s, slow and deep and luxurious,
And Sh’lok filled him, and filled him again, more and more quickly now, exulting in being physically in John, at being
“The K3 indicator,” Lestrade said dispassionately, “registers the level of pain. Watch as I turn it on.”
“The streets are extraordinarily quiet, Captain,” Sh’lok said. “We've seen no other Denevans. And the ones we stunned earlier were gone when we came out.”
With a cry of desperate ecstasy that echoed everywhere inside Sh’lok that the command had, John was obeyed. The torrent of utter joyous fulfillment that came crashing down over him with the quick hot liquid bursts of Sh’lok’s release inside him instantly plunged John into his own orgasm, into a world as whited out in pulse after pulse of overwhelming blinding bliss as if someone had ignited a nova at his core. It took a long while for John to find breath again, to realise that he
Sh’lok sat silent, his hands still clenched together, his head bowed. “I haven’t heard a word you've said,” said John after a moment. “And I'll get you to Vulcan somehow.”
No one noticed, fortunately. That was as he preferred it. He’d made it plain from the first morning he sat in this chair that he didn’t expect any jumping-to-attention, “Captain-on-the-bridge” formality from his Bridge crew when he turned up. They all had work to do that was far more important than stroking his ego.
and the idea of a world without her in it—even if she was halfway across a Galactic arm and not really talking to him—was alien and bizarre, like a bad dream he might yet wake up from. “But your daughter’s still alive. You’ve got to help us.”
He and his bodyguard headed off. John stood there for a moment, unable to keep the slightest smile from creeping onto his face. For there had been something about Sh’lok’s voice that made him think strongly of his own. Something almost—
…And now there was another problem, as the computer at his elbow came alive with light and its typical processing noise. He studied the pattern of its readout lights for a moment.
A second later the place filled with a high whining noise and a bright green glow. When the sound and the light scaled down again, John found himself looking across the Bridge toward a tall humanoid form standing by the Environment consoles. It was a woman, quite a handsome one, kitted out in a short dress and long boots in various shades of purple lamé.
He turned his attention to the wall-mounted viewscreen on which Janus VI rotated seemingly benignly below
He looked back at Sh’lok, who was still shaking his head; but the gesture was quicker now, more vehement, a gesture of anger and rejection. “Murderers!” Sh’lok cried, and fell silent again for a moment as if he was having to push the words out through painful resistance. “Of
Lestrade looked up briefly from what he was doing to Sh’lok with the scanner and another instrument. “I can’t leave him here to die, John! You get down to the Transporter room and make sure it’s clear. I'll be there in five minutes.”
“Yes,” Sh’lok said, and looked away. Very low he said, “If this should be the case, I wanted a chance to say goodbye to you as my whole self—or as close as I could come to that state—before I—”
and aimed a blow with its weighted butt end at John’s head. He ducked, and the blow missed him but hit the coffin-shaped gong and broke it in two, its bottom half kicked sideways just enough to avoid falling into the small smoking firepit beneath it. Sh’lok was slightly distracted by the breakage—maybe the noisy boom of the gong as it broke was too much for sensitive Vulcan ears so close—and John flipped his
“Captain,” Sh’lok said, “I appreciate the risks you are taking on my behalf.” And it did seem to John that his voice seemed a bit gentler than before. “But I must insist they are worthwhile only if there is a reasonable chance for success. Let me ask you: how much time has elapsed since—”
The thudding footsteps from behind brought John around just in time for Sh’lok to throw himself down on John’s chest with the doubled
John looked up and saw them. They weren’t just approaching; they were running full tilt, shouting something John couldn’t yet make out and careening down onto those stairs, nearly falling down them in their haste.
“No,” Sh’lok said. “Nothing of that nature, Captain.” His gaze dropped to the desk he was sitting behind, and stayed there.
How much of this would-be radiation was actually reaching its target was impossible to tell, because outwardly Lestrade was going from anxious sweating to a grim suite of first-do-this,-now-do-that motions that looked like the desperate pragmatism of a man in way over his head who was simply refusing to give up. What good it was doing, there was no telling.
Sh’lok had hung the hammer back in its place and stepped down from the dais; now he came toward them. John noted, and was troubled by, the slowness of Sh’lok’s step. Normally he was so full of energy, moving quickly everywhere.
“They’re all perfectly round in section,” John said. “They’re all quite smooth. They’re all fairly straight. They’re all…”
Fortunately no one had anything worse than a concussion—Giotto had picked that up—except, of course, for the young officer who’d given his life on duty down in the tunnels on Janus VI. His paperwork was waiting on John’s desk. Reynaud, his name was: Jules Reynaud. John sighed at the thought of composing another of those letters to Ensign Reynaud’s family. But that was part of this job as much as the happier parts, and for some time now he had been learning to accept it.
got to see his First Officer rendered speechless. The temptation to rib him about it a little was so,
“Keep trying,” John said, stepping down and away to stand by the center seat again… staring at the screen, now dark with space in which the only bright thing was a tiny silvery dot of a disc some tens of millions of miles away.
John looked down at his hand and blinked at the brightness of the computer’s “ready” light and then suddenly saw, suddenly
pump?” Mrs. Hudson said. “Not at all, sir! We don't have any spare circulating pump for a thing like
John managed to break out of his shocked immobility and move slowly forward to stand by the bed. Sh’lok was there, still as a corpse, the top of his head covered by one of the kind of smart bandage that Lestrade used for uncontrolled new wounds pre-surgery.
John thought. It might have been only the second time he’d ever laid eyes on her, but the sense of calculation that rolled off the woman was, to John at least, nearly tangible. He got a strong feeling that this was a person who did nothing accidentally…
And she pulled him a bit closer. “If I'm to be the woman—” and she paused to kiss him— “of a Caesar… can't you tell your Mary what you're up to?”
said the back of his mind as John’s gaze fell on the chronometer on the helm console, the first of the ones Sh’lok had had to recalibrate after they slingshotted
It took no more than the time than what they spent walking from Lestrade’s office to the lift, and the few glances of crewmen-passersby toward Sh’lok and away again, for John to see which way the wind was blowing. If Sh’lok was taking any note, he was showing no sign; he had already reassumed his everyday expression of a man occasionally amused but otherwise untroubled by the eccentricities of the humans around him.
John thought. And right now he couldn’t cope with the fact that should he choose to crack a joke right now, there would be no silent presence at the Science station to turn half toward him and cock an eyebrow—
He could have cursed himself, long and bitterly. Except cursing would merely have reminded him of John, swearing at some political cockup or convoluted diplomatic mess, and then breaking off and laughing at himself. And that laughter, that sound he would
John leaned his face against the steady coolness of her durasteel plating and considered his various previous relationships, casual or otherwise. There was no point in denying that he had a lifelong weakness for a beautiful face coupled with a sharp brain… which would accurately describe most of the women with whom he’d become involved over his time in Starfleet. It was true that in what felt to John like his previous life, before the injury, before Maiwand, his preferences had swung more widely afield. Since then, though, when he’d started to work his way up through the command chain from ship to ship, and at last to the center seat where he sat these days, almost all of John’s liaisons had been with women. Some of his crew, he knew, thought this preference was rooted in some odd old-fashioned conservatism. But John wasn’t at all sure about that.
That was when the full pheromonal punch hit him with the taste of Sh’lok’s pre-ejaculate, both utterly indescribable and ridiculously good. Right behind it came Sh’lok’s extravagant shock of delight at the wet heat of John’s mouth on him. For a few moments John’s head spun with the combination of the emotional and sensory onslaughts, and was left with no response but
And without further ado John came up behind Sh’lok, who was in the act of throwing Mrs. Hudson into the nearest wall, and smashed the skull down on Sh’lok’s head.
Donovan sat back in her chair, pulling her earpiece out. She gave John a look that, though it wasn’t insubordinate, definitely had something to say about his tone and the realities of the situation. “I'm afraid that's impossible at the moment, Captain. They stopped broadcasting immediately after you spoke, and they’re not acknowledging the system’s recontact signals.”
First through the gate were two silver-helmeted Vulcan men in silver tunics over black leggings. They were shaking greened-bronze frameworks made in that long hexagonal shape, barred across with heavy wire and strung with bells. The first pair of Vulcans turned left on entering, toward the second dais, followed by two more similarly-dressed men supporting between them the poles of something like an open sedan chair.
“The reactor will go super-critical in about ten hours, sir. You’ve that long to find the mechanism.”
John saw the distress in her eyes—veiled, but there for someone who knew her well enough to read it. He nodded, acknowledging it, scanned down the text on the padd—which confirmed what she'd said, in much more ugly detail—and handed the padd back to her. Then he made his down to the centre seat, sparing it just enough of a glance to note the higher-backed seat, the padding. Someone had decided that this seat, from which millions of deaths could apparently be ordered and carried out the touch of a button, should be
Even from where he crouched, John could feel the scorch radiating off the stone. “These walls, they’re hot—”
That was a strategy that had worked well enough with Sh’lok in the past, both on duty and far more personally—
ship is extremely limited, Captain. The four of you will remain her in the Brig and in custody until I discover how to return you to wherever it is you belong.”
She grinned at him. “Later,” she said. “Work to do first. Catch me at cocktail hour. If people are going to talk, give them a chance to go about it properly. Meanwhile, we’re going to need, what? Two hundred and ten satellites. To generate the neutrinos, we’re going to need focused-cone fusion reactors, the kind they use for the insides of Dyson spheres.” She picked up a padd and glanced at it with a satisfied look. “Just as well we’ve got all this pergium around to kickstart the fusion sequences…!”
Vulcan in particular. It took him a fraction of a second longer to realise that two of those people were
“Makes sense. Here, why are you carrying everything? Give me the boards. Evening, Ensign, Lieutenant…”
The profound concern that John had felt during Sh’lok’s initial outburst at his quarters was washing over him again, more strongly than before.
made them manipulate the controls. And Sh’lok’s body’s hands came up and grasped Kara by the wrists. She twisted to get out of his grip, but John knew exactly what her chances of
. John felt a flush of guilt, but quashed it ruthlessly: what he had in mind was for the best. “You heard me. It's vital that we keep that reactor in operation. Your scientific knowledge—”
Dimmock looked up with the expression of someone who’d just succeeded in finding something that somebody else had thought well enough hidden. “I've got it, Captain,” he said. “An ion trail matching when we first saw her.”
“They do little else,” John said, rolling his eyes. He took a sip of the drink and was immediately shocked and delighted by the incomparable flavour, which he would have recognised anywhere.
John relaxed into the massage for a few seconds, but just a few. “Point three five eight one eight three nine,” Shlok said, as if in afterthought.
letting him forget was what that code meant. He had spent two days now explaining it to John and Hudders and Lestrade and Donovan, never losing his temper, always speaking in a steady firm tone that made John wonder occasionally whether Tharn had been a teacher at some point. He’d have been good at it, John thought; the kind of teacher who never loses his temper, even with the slow ones.
He nodded, as that was as it should be, and went on past them into the big echoing space, the only sound coming back to him that of his footsteps. This far away from the engine room, the subdued throb of power that ran everywhere through
She put out a hand to stop him as once again he tried to step past her. “I know it is, dear, and I’m sorry I’ve got to disobey it. The Captain said no one was to transport down.”
John watched Sh’lok step up onto that central dais and reach up for the greened-bronze hammer hanging beside the gong.
Immediately the room was flooded with blinding light. Even through the goggles, John found it hard to bear. Though it was only a few seconds, it seemed a long while before Lestrade threw the switch again and said, “Completed.”
he thought, straightening a bit and leaning his head back, while idly stroking one hand back and forth against the cool smooth metal.
The interest in kissing was a gateway to much more, he quickly found. Simply thinking of the subject of sex immediately exposed John to a veritable sandstorm of Vulcan erotic imagery and usage. Mostly this seemed very hand-oriented, and beyond that lay a whole school of behaviours involving the management of the skin, the body’s
“It’ll also give them something to laugh about,” John said, “when they realise that even with everything else that’s going on, I’ll still take the opportunity to wind them up.”
“Fair bit can be done with misdirection, though. Wouldn’t you say? …Mr. Polish Sicilian Level-2 Countergambit Collapsed.”
He slid one hand out from under Sh’lok’s and ran it slowly over his chest, down his belly, and stroked his cock, his eyes fixed on Sh’lok’s.
John moved nearer to Anderson, quick but cautious, getting close, tempting him to lunge a couple of times— then moved to his left until the diagnostic table was between them.
John thought: something to examine in more detail some other time) that glint of excitement at something not understood, a mystery—
“No,” John said. “You’ll start living and developing as you should have. The women here below and the men here above will control your shared world together.”
something said in the back of his head. John had learned early in his sequence of commands that these impressions, when he got them, were worth paying attention to. He filed that one away and examined the rest of the wedding party.
S’kroft allowed himself almost exactly the same flicker of an eyeroll, as if the response had been calibrated to match, and raised a hand to regally beckon John and Lestrade over. They glanced at each other, and went; John being aware this time of a glance at them under long lashes from T’Eyreen, one she didn’t attempt to hide.
He stared at Sh’lok. Sh’lok stared back, the shadows of the Horta’s pain clearly visible in his eyes as his hands clasped each other as they had in the tunnel, worked together. “There is a murderer loose down there on Janus VI, John. And if we leave without determining his identity, he may well kill again… this time
compared to the Earth-human one, was terrifyingly robust. Intercranial bleeds that would blow right through a human
Lestrade shook his head. “If this had happened to any of us, I'd say indefinitely. But Vulcan physiology limits what I can do. Sh’lok’s body is far more dependent on that tremendous brain for life support.”
“Of course you may,” he said, leaning a little further down. That long graceful hand reached up to his face, the fingers settling into the contact points corresponding to the cranial nerves.
“When I was small she told me an elephant had stepped on it,” Sh’lok said. “I have never been able to satisfactorily ascertain the veracity of this claim…”
At the moment he didn’t quite dare close his eyes to make concentration easier. But having been coached by a master, John was still able enough to grip the virtual space immediately surrounding him with his mind and set his intention into it.
Finally it was the sheer intensity of the experience that drove the other out into the darkness of his inner Erebor again. Once again there Sh’lok stood still as a statue in the fire-touched dimness, doing his Vulcan best to look unmoved and aloof. But John knew better. He could feel Sh’lok yearning toward the danger of friendship, the perils of love: yearning
Plainly the human heart was more than capable of generating its own kinds of darkness, absolutely blinding in their intensity and (to him) their alienness.
Sh’lok swallowed down the hundred other things he could have said, and turned to the young woman standing so protectively close to T’Eyreen. “T’Kait,” Sh’lok said. “She is yours. After a time, you may find that having is not so pleasing a thing after all as wanting.” The anguish writhing inside him at the thought of the one Sh’lok had so slowly realized
John was opening his mouth to ask what could possibly stimulate a person who’d been stunned when from the direction of Harry’s lab a woman’s scream tore the air.
. Meanwhile, though, I have made some remarkable discoveries while scrutinising the Ancients’ database here. It would appear that the beings who built these facilities were contemporaries and associates of the species we know as the Preservers—”
“Science will triumph,” John said, hoping like anything that that was true as they hurriedly moved to reclaim their equipment. “Come on, Bradstreet,” he said, helping his ensign up. “Bones, better give these lads something to keep them out for a while...”
Dimmock kept backing away, but it did him no good. One of the two security officers who were flanking the door came silently up behind him and gripped him by the back of the neck, holding him in place as Sh’lok approached.
“I have received a private communication from Starfleet Command,” this Sh’lok’s voice said. “I am committing a breach of regulations by informing you of its contents.”
Lestrade turned, plainly as fascinated by the Horta—now that he was over the initial shock of seeing it—as John was. Slowly he made his way over to the creature and knelt down at its wounded end. Lestrade gave the Vulcan a long assessing look before turning away to focus on the wound, activating his tricorder and the hand sensor synced to it.
you were. How hot you made me. Even fighting against me.” He reached up to John, and his hand touched his face as a scholar might touch a priceless text bare-handed, illicitly and
Vanderberg looked annoyed. “I don't know any safe place, Captain, the way that thing comes and goes…”
Instantly John knew the thought going through her head: that when she went up to this Bridge, she'd find Anderson there.
John shook his head. “No. It just seems to be waiting.” He shrugged. “I tried talking to it,” he admitted, mostly for the joke’s sake, “but it didn't do any good.” Not that he’d expected to.
He was already falling asleep before he was able to start assembling the data he would need to attempt an answer. But (and he smiled half a smile at the thought) now there would be more than enough time for that.
Clara blinked and stared at him as if she was only now realising that he was real and not some kind of hallucination. “You
John made his way quietly down to the quarter-dome doors at the end of the hangar bay, heading for the control panel on the left-hand side. It took one six-digit code to get it to slide open, a second to bring the panel live, and a third to set the desired aperture. Then he hit the control labeled ACCESS.
The soft howl of the room’s propulsion mechanism slowly faded down to nothing. The metal door hissed a little as it opened, as if pressures were being equalised. John readied his phaser—
in place after you offed Stamford,” she said. “You were never one of Intelligence’s preferences for the captaincy. But then you started demonstrating… unusual aptitudes.” She smiled, not at the situation, but at
Then out the corner of his eye John caught a flash of metal that wasn’t rough. Half concealed against the side of the cavern, down low, was some kind of receptacle with a light in it.
combination was one John had been entirely too familiar with over the last sixteen hours or so. He waited, though; held himself still. And in the next breath the humanoids were clambering over the rocks and coming at them.
But Sh’lok just kept coming, those pale eyes ablaze with fury, striking again and again at John with the
“He will not speak with thee again until he has passed through what is to come,” S’kroft said. “If thou wishest to depart, thou may’st now go.”
Immediately he regretted that, as there was no telling who or what might be in charge, really. But the answer he got back didn’t clarify matters. “Him? What is ‘him?’”
he thought. He straightened his back and chose a tone of voice intended to frame the subject of discussion, for this moment at least, as quite the normal thing. “Well, there's no need to be embarrassed about it, Mr. Sh’lok,” he said. “It happens to the birds and the bees…”
John gave her what was meant to be a friendly version of an expression suggesting she shouldn’t inquire too much more closely. “I'll get out of
place, and there was no need to depart in any hurry to make their next scheduled port of call, which was Deneva.
Dr. Hooper came hurrying in from the other room with a hypospray and handed it to Lestrade. He stepped over to the bed and gave Clara another dose of the pain relief medication.
“Bradstreet,” he said, looking up at the ensign. “The Doctor outranks you, but he’ll be busy. Take command until I’m available again.”
This particular exchange seemed to have gone straight over the woman’s head. “You hurt Luma,” she said. “It is not permitted again to hurt anyone.”
Lestrade’s expression went helpless. “Even if you do, I can't restore it! I don't have the medical technique.”
separation while he dealt with utterly mundane things, “…the bed, yeah? There’s a spot where if you need quick access, you can just kick it. Right here—”
Sh’lok didn’t even blink. “Captain, there are approximately one hundred of us engaged in this search, against one creature. The odds against you and I
There were situations in which flattery sometimes worked a bit with Sh’lok, but apparently this was not going to be one of them. In fact his expression changed sufficiently to indicate that someone might have said something slightly offensive:
sat waiting for their next mission. John walked down the wide aisleway between them, glancing at the tiny power-light telltales showing by each one’s hatch, noting the shine on their hulls. Somebody had been polishing them up in preparation for the visitors from Altair VI.
John looked around him and saw the long six-sided design recurring around the circle: in another dais across the circle from the central one, and in a bronze plaque near where they stood, from which hung numerous smaller versions of that shape, turning in the hot wind and chiming softly against one another. It was at that point that John realised what had been teasing at the edge of his mind about those shapes.
Mrs. Hudson went up the access ladder from that space and up into one of the upper Engineering galleries, glancing down to see if any of the crewmen were taking notice of her and Lestrade’s arrival. None were. She began moving from console to console, starting her work…
That at least had been correct, ashamed as it made Sh’lok to admit it. But in this awful situation he owed at least that much honesty to his Captain… to the man who had given him a place, and in a way a home, such as Sh’lok had once thought it likely he would never possess. He would not betray John so again.
Captain John Watson makes a last-ditch play to free his trapped crew from the deadly schemes of the malevolent, ambitious Security Chief Anderson and get them all safely beamed back to their own
Slowly John got up off his stool and tried to manage himself, because that anger that had receded to dull-roar level for a while was now getting a lot less dull. “What have you done with Sh’lok’s brain?” he said.
Up until this moment John would have thought that his adrenals couldn’t possibly have much left to contribute to the day he’d been having. But in the moment itself he discovered that opinion to be seriously inaccurate as the flush of liquid fight-or-flight heat flushed up and out through him from his lower back. And with good reason; the only Sh’lok more dangerous to deal with than one who felt sure he knew what was going on was one who had questions.
Kara was sufficiently busy staring at the sight of three Starfleet officers writhing in agony on the floor that she didn’t notice, until it was too late, the long lean Vulcan shape stalking toward her. When she did, she flung up a hand and backed up in alarm. “No, go away—”
“For a start,” John said. “Yes.” He smiled. “This is, after all, a five-year mission. Which will allow us plenty of time for…”
John thought. For the moment he avoided dealing with it by looking around and giving voice to what the back of his mind had been shouting at him since they entered this too-sheltered nook. “It's too close in here. It may be a trap. Let's move out.”
When John stalked back into the Bridge, he could see his crew stealing glances at him, one after another, and resolving the expression on his face into its basic meaning:
In a way he hated that it had to be this way for them right now. Levity was one of the ways his crew managed their own tension from day to day, in situation after situation like this.
He turned and made for the door. Just there as it hissed open for him, John paused, realising that the pieces on Sh’lok’s chessboard were set up to mirror the position in which he and John had finished their last game.
“Lacking better data,” John said hastily, “let’s just assume it’ll take care of itself, and move on.”
Halfway down the tunnel he could hear Lestrade growling at somebody over his communicator with that particular tone of annoyance that filled John with relief, because by now he had already learned to recognize the sound of a doctor who had a plan and was carrying it out. “That’s right, Lieutenant,” he snapped, “just beam it down to me immediately, and never mind what I want it for. I just want it! Now
“Not merely millions,” Sh’lok said. “Or billions.” His tone was a bit pedantic at the moment, but his eyes were already getting a far-off look that John had seen many times before, touched with the glint of challenge. “But a number at least closely approaching infinity—”
Sh’lok looked resigned. “In any case, the breakages, especially in such amounts, instantly alerted her. The simplest way in which I can describe the alerting mechanism is to say that when the eggs were broken, the mother Horta could scent them—though the actual sensory mechanism is far more complex than anything merely olfactory, and I don’t as yet pretend to understand it.” John noted the “as yet” and carefully restrained any smile. “The species appears hardwired to pay immediate attention to such scents, as humans are hardwired to be alarmed by an infant’s cry. It is a survival mechanism.”
There was no getting away from the conclusion. “Somebody down there,” John said slowly, “put it together, didn’t they. They realized that where ‘silicon nodules’ got broken, very shortly after that, men died.”
Things began shaking again. John threw himself down over his Vulcan’s form, intent on shielding him with his body from whatever might be about to happen.
“Noted.” John got up out of the center seat and stretched. “I see from the morning reports that our Chief Engineer’s out of sorts about the starboard nacelle—something to do with one of the antimatter converters. Best have a look in, wouldn’t you say, Mr. Sh’lok? And then, who knows, after lunch and before we get to Janus VI, there might be time for me to finish beating you at chess.”
A memory that was only a few months old, but at the moment seemed to have happened about an age ago, tickled the back of John’s mind. He smiled slightly. “What was the first?”
controlled the culmination of one of these encounters resurfaced. More than once John wanted to simply relax into that powerful grip, surrender, let his knees spread open, and take the consummation that was being offered him. For someone in his position, that was a very Vulcan response, John knew. He was pleased by that, and pleased that he had to fight it a bit.
Sh’lok did as he was told. Five minutes later Lestrade came back and consulted the padd again to see what the bone regrowth device was telling it. “Fine,” he said at last. “Takes half again as long as usual for your bones because of the density… never get used to that.” He slipped the ossostim out from under Sh’lok. “Any other painful spots I should know about?”
Lestrade made his way over to John and dropped to one knee before him, pausing to throw a glance at where Sh’lok still half-stood, half-crouched, his eyes empty of anything but battle-rage and plainly ready, indeed hungry, to attack again. When he turned back, Lestrade’s face was grim. “You’re going to have to kill him, John—!”
“Perhaps later,” Sh’lok said. John nodded. He’d been spending time lately introducing Sh’lok to the vegetarian side of Indian food (and having a lot of innocent and not-so-innocent fun introducing him to the hotter chilies). But the next lesson could keep.
The landscape vanished, snuffed out like a candle and replaced by utter darkness. The ground went out from under John’s feet. For long moments he fell helplessly through dark stifling air, and then came down
John gently squeezed those arms he held, reluctant to let go, as the lift began to slow. “Meantime we should both do what we can to take it easy,” John said. “Just follow my lead, yeah?”
Anderson had slipped his knife out of its scabbard and was playing with it. “Mr. Sh’lok has orders to kill you, Captain.” He glanced over toward the diagnostic bed with considerable dry amusement. “And he’ll succeed… apparently.” A nasty grin suffused his face as he waved the knife suggestively in John’s direction. “You’ll also appear to have killed
Now he was able to hear the arousal in Sh’lok’s voice then, just barely managed. That ravenous desire ran down his veins, combined with his own and brought John out in a sweat of sheer lust, throbbed in his cock and Sh’lok’s both, pulses speeding, balls tightening—
held vertically, so that John was immediately forced to cross the shaft of his weapon with Sh’lok’s to hold him off. It was a favorite opening move in close-quarters forms of singlestick, part of a routine they’d run through once or twice when Sh’lok was trying to get John interested in yet another of the antique fighting styles he kept researching—
fabric was at its faintest. The sensation always left John feeling a little unsettled, even exposed, yet there were times—like now—when he nonetheless courted it.
John was having trouble working out whether all those thoughts were his, or whose voice was whose, or where it was coming from. At the moment the issue was starting to seem surprisingly unimportant.
He turned to T’Eyreen, struggling to keep his face sealed over the instant loathing he now felt while  forced to behold her. “T’Eyreen,” he said. “Explain.”
knew lived for being and acting in the world, no matter how often he privately (or indeed publicly) declared it to be full of idiots. How would he cope with ten thousand years stuck in the guts of the machinery of a backwater world, running its heating and air conditioning, with nothing to do for entertainment but sift through an alien database?
Sh’lok’s eyes dropped closed and his head fell back against John’s breastbone. His lips parted, leaving him looking like a man whom words had very much failed.
Captain,” Sh’lok said, and turned away, moving back toward the doorway of his sleeping quarters. “If they were—” He turned toward John again. “If any creature as proudly logical as we—were to have their logic
The situational implications of all these features taken together bothered John a great deal. But he was much more bothered by the sight of Sh’lok, whose body was sitting next to him, also wearing one of the belts. John was now completely without a referent for what time the clock inside his head should be saying. But there could be only a few hours left, at best, to get Sh’lok’s brain back into that body.
For moments he was frozen by the sound of a thin ragged wailing beginning far back in his mind. It was like his own when he’d gone out into the dunes all alone, night after night, to unburden himself of his grief after I’Chaya died. But that had receded into silence with the passing of years and the inevitable dulling of a child’s anguish.
But John knew, and couldn’t stop himself from shaking his head slightly in amazement. “Bones,” he said softly. “You know who that is?”
this ship. He had felt it when he’d first come up in the shuttle, after being recalled to Earth, and on approach to the orbital shipbuilding facility had seen the Sun rise over
Often enough he laughed at people who described him as “half Vulcan, half human”, even though he sometimes used the phrase as a convenient shorthand. Genetically, and psychologically, the reality was far more complex. But now he began to wonder through his pain if in an entirely different way he
Then the aliens charged. John braced his phaser carefully on the rock he had taken cover behind, pushed himself up a little, took aim, and caught the first of the onrushing humanoids squarely in the skin- and fur-covered chest. Flailing his arms, with an expression of astonishment on his face that would have been genuinely comical under other circumstances, he collapsed. His companions stared, immediately dropped what rude weapons they were carrying, and fled among the boulders, vanishing.
Sh’lok had absolutely no need to hear the man’s next words as he came storming down off the pad, which were: “I want you to blast that whole fucking place to ashes.”
At least that sense of the air, the world, resisting him as he tried to move through it, had gone away. But now John found himself momentarily having trouble with the concept that what was going on here was real, and he leaned against a nearby wall with one shoulder, staring in a direction where he couldn’t see the evidence behind him, lying there on the floor, that terrible things were happening. Part of his mind was angry with him.
“Somewhere down there is where the Others live.” He turned back to Bradstreet. “Go see if you can find a way down.”
Sh’lok,” John said very softly. “Think of what opening this gateway properly could mean. The adventure, the danger, the
From the times she’d spent being a newly-assigned or very junior officer on other ships, Lieutenant Donovan knew the simplest ways to make sure you were respected right off the bat. First, walk into every space as if you owned it. Then hold that attitude until someone tried to challenge you for it. And when that happened, see them off in whatever way seemed to likely to be the most memorable for everyone involved.
“The agony booth is a most effective means of discipline,” Sh’lok said, in a voice that even for a Vulcan was notable for its flatness.
complicated,” Sh’lok said. “But simple. S’kroft is Head-to-be of the greater family of which mine is part, and thereby Clan-brother to all of us in my line. Also, quite by chance, he’s closer to me than almost any Vulcan beyond my immediate family, for his mother took a liking to mine when Sarek took her to wife…”
John jumped to his feet with the heart-stone of the hoard in his fist, staring around him frantically for the other figure he couldn’t now find. “Sh’lok!”
It took him some moments. Slowly Sh’lok opened his eyes, remembered what they were for; focused again, looked around him.
“John,” Sh’lok whispered, and took John’s face in his hands: hands that trembled. “Are you—are you sure, do you know—”
The quizzical look that Sh’lok somehow found himself able to turn on John both reassured him bizarrely and caused him some pain. “John,” Sh’lok said. “Should I at any point notice your presence in my hair, I very much hope that Dr. Lestrade will be able to advise me on how to proceed, as I must admit the prospect at the moment leaves me somewhat at a loss.”
He spent some time regulating his breathing and laying in place a set of neural-command safeguards that would disallow his body from moving until he was ready to permit that again. When he was certain everything was the way he wanted it, Sh’lok took one long last breath, wrapped a darkness around him similar to what he used for meditation, and sank deep into his inner fastness, beyond the alien organisms’ ken.
John had thought he’d achieved the “best case” for his life—one that though satisfying enough was still always going to be solitary, even in a crowd of four hundred and thirty. But that solitude had been most conclusively shattered by the most brilliant, infuriating, fascinating,
Sh’lok met John’s glance for just a second; then turned and went into the chamber, seating himself In the chair whose seat had hosted the containment module. As he settled himself, John noted some involuntary spasms of pain, which Sh’lok had been successfully suppressing until now.
“As strange as it may seem, Mr. Sh’lok,” Lestrade said, his voice terribly level, “you're in command now. Any orders?”
John thought, as Sh’lok simply shook his head, grabbed hold of John and more or less threw him over the nearest diagnostic bed. But John never really liked punching Sh’lok when they worked out, and had for the longest time never understood his unwillingness to do anything that might mar that nose or those teeth— Never mind, now Mrs. Hudson was heading for him, and she and Sh’lok worked out fairly frequently.
And out of reflex, John did what he’d have done with Sh’lok at home when they were in meld: instead of trying to tell the other, he
She looked at him with some surprise. John reached past her and clicked off the control she’d initially clicked on.
By and large John tried hard not to take official notice of the details of such situations unless they adversely affected a person’s on-the-job performance. But sometimes the details fell into your lap regardless, and when that happened John always wound up feeling, not like the Captain of a starship, but the mayor of a heavily armed and warp-capable small town.
Mrs. Hudson nodded. “True, but there’d never be all that much official traffic through here with so little settlement activity in the sector,” she said. “That’s common enough for small colonies out at the edge of things, so far away from more heavily populated areas.” She looked thoughtfully at the screen. “When they first set Deneva up as a colony it was more a commercial project than a Federation one, though I’m sure there was a lot of grant money involved. I heard that initially there were thoughts about trying to push Deneva as a tourist destination, since there’s no arguing the planet’s quite a lovely place. But after that the emphasis turned toward establishing it as a freight transshipping hub for this whole sector.”
obedience right this moment were Duty and its inevitable companion Pragmatism. “Mr. Sh’lok,” John said after a moment. “Our mission is to protect this colony.” Purposely he let his tone go harsh. “And get the pergium moving again. This is not a zoological expedition.”
That was the other conjecture that had been tormenting him, and making John shy away from it every time, because the possibilities were just too awful. “On our
“Just wait here, Captain,” Sh’lok said, and vanished inside, leaving John leaning against the corridor wall and trying desperately to look casual, as if this was just a night like any other night.
“Isn’t there a way to correct that situation, Captain?” said Bradstreet in a similar tone, eyes flicking to Lestrade and then to the Morg over by the door.
“Nothing, sir,” Bradstreet said. “A sudden deactivation shift. Might be the drive has trouble operating too close to a star.”
John headed to the door, the others accompanying him. Just in the doorway, he turned. “Mr. Sh’lok,” he said, “have those Transporter circuits checked. I want a complete analysis.”
Martha Hudson stalked scowling up to the doors of the main phaser power control suite, which should not have had signs saying AUTHORISED PERSONNEL ONLY and NO ADMITTANCE plastered all over the walls flanking it, and which should emphatically
John found himself browsing through a whole sheaf of exquisitely suggestive imageries; fingers stroking together, their erogenous microzones carefully catalogued and mapped for potential levels of arousal,
A sudden memory shouldered its way to the fore of when he’d gone in there, days before—of seeing the chess board set up on the shelf behind Sh’lok’s desk, and realising at least part of what its presence there meant. The warmth of the memory gave John a brief pleasant shiver of increased anticipation. “Of course, Mr. Sh’lok. Grab the set and the boards and bring ‘em along. We’ll relax for a bit, consider our next moves...”
The next thing he knew, he was pinned against the corridor wall by two crewmen in the kind of one-piece uniform that Engineering crew sometimes wore, and Bradstreet was standing in front of him wearing an ugly smirk and holding a phaser on him.
An alarm went off on the console, bringing Sh’lok’s head around. He immediately sat and began touching controls. ”Instruments indicate a transferal beam emanating from the area of the humanoid life form.”
“These are not thinking beings,” Sh’lok said. “Or not the way we conceive of thought. But this much I believe I have correctly gathered from my contact with them. Once a humanoid host’s body is sufficiently complexed by the organism’s neural tissue, at the will of the collective of which it is part, that tissue consolidates itself into multiple incidences of the organism and… sheds the host. Or what is left of them.”
The slender dark young ensign assigned to John as his yeoman this week, Ensign Zahra, was checking her tricorder, pausing briefly to check a location reading she’d acquired from Lieutenant Donovan and show it to the Captain for confirmation, then going about her other pre-beamdown business. Neither she nor most of the other occupants of the Bridge were paying the slightest attention to their Captain’s emotional state, except for one man.
John felt a flash of pain at the memory but (mercifully) no more as the two of them strove for purchase, each trying to push the other off balance. Quickly enough John lost himself in the physicality of the moment, the way the sand was giving under his feet, his assessment of the dependability of the surface, the twist and strain of the two weapon-shafts against each other. It was something he’d learned to depend on over time, that sudden strange concentration that settled over you in mid-struggle, along with the accompanying heightened perception of everything: the way the sand glittered, the way the wind smelled.
But beautiful as this vista was, it wasn’t where John needed to be. This was a disguise, a distraction—an attempt at deception, inviting John to waste valuable time hunting across it for Sh’lok, and finally to run out of time and go away.
Their quarters were on the same deck, though on opposite sides of the disc, and Sh’lok’s were closer to the nearest turbolift station (where the lift deposited them now) than John’s were to his. He remembered how—decades ago, it now seemed—when he first settled in aboard
John wasn't sure what to make of some of this, and anyway at the moment his attention was mostly on Lestrade. The doctor waved the hand sensor over the wounded area for some seconds—then stopped to stare at the tricorder’s readout screen, and shot John an incredulous look. Lestrade opened his mouth as if to speak, then stopped. Apparently even in situations as stressful as this his bedside manner didn’t run to shouting diagnoses across a cave.
failing so hard he had to laugh out loud at himself. He felt like he was nearly vibrating out of his skin. And more, John (as he looked at that shut door) found himself up against something he had not only never permitted himself, but had been
Together they ducked to negotiate another of the lower tunnel openings in the general direction Sh’lok had noted, and moved side by side into the darkness.
John took a deep breath, reaching up to Sh’lok’s face again and touching it—letting Sh’lok’s sense-memory speak to his own muscles and show him where to touch to reinforce the mindmeld, to let John drop more deeply into that shadowy silence in which they could each hear each other’s hearts, and the truth in them.
Anderson wasn’t looking at that helm console— and if there was any characteristic she felt sure in her bones that the two versions shared, this was going to be it.
“My Sh’lok,” John said, “is as good at projecting circumstances into the future as he is at deducing the past. But yeah. These days when a crew member comes back from a planetside mission and isn’t, well, quite right…they get assessed and confined in a hurry, pending further investigation. We’ve been burned a few times that way. Lost some crewmen.” John scowled at the memories. “Never again.”
Such rational assessments were becoming increasingly difficult for him. The mental state in which he was presently entrapped by his rebellious transport had been assailing him with contradictory demands for days, and never more so than in the most recent hours. The normally calm and well-ordered architecture of his mind echoed now with shouts, cries, pleas, conjectures:
Sh’lok buried his face in John’s chest. John wrapped his arms around Sh’lok, rested his cheek atop Sh’lok’s head, stroking it against the curls, and closed his eyes.
on never permitting himself, as inappropriate between officers and especially between commander and subordinate: any serious recognition of the attractiveness—
“More than,” John said, reaching out to draw Sh’lok’s face to his. Their lips met, and for some moments there was no further conversation in any mode but the nonverbal.
John nodded, turning toward Giotto and his teammate. “It's definitely phaser resistant,” he said. “We had our weapons adjusted for silicon and on full power, yet we only damaged it.” He looked toward that empty tunnel. “It still lives.”
“It is not life as we know or understand it,” Sh’lok said. That interested look was growing in his eyes by the moment. “Yet it is obviously alive, it exists—”
John stroked those hands with his—not in any of the potentially arousing Vulcan modes, but simply with intent to calm. “Shall we have these off then?” John said. “…Or not, if you don’t want to.”
Now his hearing told him all he needed to know: soft steps that brought her to stand silently near where he lay, breath that caught and then steadied itself, the faint susurrus of uniform material as an arm reached out… and withdrew.
“I've run a complete spherical check on all life forms,” Sh’lok said, “to a hundred miles out. I've located our men, all of them, and I've located one creature moving rapidly through native rock, bearing two hundred and one.” He paused. “And that is all.”
He fell back into the helmsman’s seat, completely caught off guard, as Donovan stepped back… and the lazy feral grin with which she favoured him then had no artifice about it at all.
He knew Sh’lok didn’t really need to ask: he could feel what John felt, that what little discomfort he experienced during this process kept passing surprisingly quickly.
John could hear a mutter of voices behind Giotto’s. “At the end of the tunnel. Mr. Vanderberg and his men are here—” His voice dropped a bit. “And they're pretty ugly. Shall I let them through?”
And truth to tell, there was one aspect of bolting that suited John entirely… because it was going to mean there was no time for anything serious to happen between him and the woman presently inside “his” bedroom. That room, which on his own ship had admittedly been the location of a nontrivial number of encounters between himself and various enthusiastically assenting crewfolk, had now become a place where he could imagine only one other being in residence.
Seconds after the hiss of the spray, her head began to loll from side to side and her eyes opened. John reached down, took her by the forearms and swung her up onto her feet in a single motion, then braced her there until she found her balance again.
this wasn’t enough to distract him from concern about his crew. His personal business couldn’t be allowed to destabilise them; their discovery of what was going on with their Captain was going to have to be thoughtfully managed. And there was also the matter of Sh’lok’s privacy, always something most carefully guarded. Having already been allowed so deep inside it, John was intent on making sure
Such was his own astonishment that it took him an abnormally long-held salute’s worth of time to master it, and create an interim plan. Sh’lok was not at all used to being so thrown off script by his own responses, especially in front of subordinate crewmen who might (unlikely though it seemed) somehow perceive the momentary weakness and start getting ideas. He therefore fell back on protocol and began reacting to the situation as he would have had the John Watson with whom he was familiar been present there. First he punished Mr. Dimmock in the normally-sanctioned manner for “abuse of equipment” (the momentary irony being that the normal Captain Watson was both too unintelligent to understand what the equipment could take and too lazy to spend the requisite time educating himself). Then he inquired of the Captain—so he had to call this new John Watson at the moment, lacking better data—what his intentions were regarding the Halkans.
Then he jerked as if something had struck him, and cried out in wordless anguish. John flinched in sympathy and forced himself to hold still.
“No!” Kara shouted, angry enough to actually try to get between Lestrade and the device. Bradstreet, though, caught her by the arms again and gently pulled her out of the way.
“Very well,” John said, “thank you.” And he ordered himself a salad, because Lestrade had been twitting him again about getting more fiber in his diet, and settled back to eat and see what would develop.
shuttlecraft bay. Off from the sides of it reached other smaller caverns, all half hidden from view by the contents of this one—
what he had been doing. Nonetheless the Vulcan shrugged, and said, “Meretricious, sir. When on patrol, knowing exactly where assistance can be found—should support be required—is merely a logical precaution.”
“Yes, sir.” He walked a little ways off, and John heard it chirp as Bradstreet started hunting for signal.
—as if power was flowing into him through some obscure, long-open circuit that had just finally been closed. And John found himself reveling in the strength with which he was being held, as moment slid past moment and around him the air grew more charged with every breath. It was an embrace from which he had no desire to escape—which was just as well, because escape would have been impossible. He was locked inside the encircling power of arms that were holding him as if he was something vital, necessary for survival, never to be released again.
He was interrupted by another of the alarmingly loud thunderclaps that had begun occurring every few minutes down here as soon as they beamed down. There was something unusually immediate about this one, though, and thinking of his ship, the hair went up on the back of John’s neck—or maybe it was just the heavily positively-ionized atmosphere getting at him again. His skin had been prickling on and off without warning since the first time they’d beamed down here.
“Thank you,” Sh’lok said in a muffled panther-purr rumble from where he lay face down on John’s shoulder. “Most kind.”
He was busily making notes on a padd, and for some seconds when Lestrade started using a hand scanner on him, Sh’lok ignored him. At last, though, he looked up. “Doctor, your medical skill and curiosity are quite admirable, but I assure you I'm all right.”
to say somehow. “Thank you, Sh’lok,” he said after a few breaths. “I appreciate that very much. I’m going to get out of your hair now and let you get busy working out how to stop these things.”
Lestrade was behind John, looking up over his shoulder at S’kroft. “These men are friends! To force them to fight until one of them is killed—”
“The female of your kind,” John said, hoping desperately that he hadn’t stumbled over some obscure cultural taboo.
John lingered a moment, though, looking in uneasy fascination at the thing in the containment module. “Sh’lok,” he said. “The form of the creature we see here, the free-flying form… where does that come from?”
Lestrade looked relaxed enough, but slightly concerned all the same. “It's Sh’lok. Have you noticed anything strange about him?”
Then he pulled back a bit, mastering himself. He cleared his throat. “At any rate,” Sh’lok said. “Had I failed to carry the combat through to its conclusion, and had S’kroft allowed that—by permitting me to live, for the refusal would have been read by the ancient law as cowardice—his position as Young Father would immediately have been called into question. Those in the Clan who’ve long sought to bring him down as unfit to serve would have attacked him thereafter on the grounds that his relationship to me had induced him to allow me unwarranted exemption from the ancient penalties of the
Behind him he heard Lestrade pull out his communicator and contact the ship, requesting a beamup for the landing party. By the time Sh’lok had divested himself of the bridegroom’s cincture, Lestrade had come over and taken up so erect and challenging a stance before him that Sh’lok wondered whether the Doctor might assault him then and there.
“The solution Starfleet desires us to obtain from them,” Sh’lok said, “will almost certainly not be forthcoming.”
He stared at the floor again for a moment, apparently having some trouble getting his breath. John waited.
damn… But there was no time to try anything more clandestine at the moment: not without discussing it with the Captain.
What he was examining was less the remains of a man than a place where a man had fallen while still apparently in the act of dissolving. Wisps of acrid smoke were rising still from the human-shaped stain on the hard smooth rock of the cavern floor. Nearby, the power plant door that the man had been guarding had had a neat circular hole eaten straight through it.
That was when John had started just let the answers to Harry’s messages get further and further apart. Space itself was the excuse. As his career took him further and further out into known space, as John’s advancement through the ranks made him busier every day and loaded more responsibility on his shoulders, it had become so easy for him to promise himself that
He glanced toward Mrs. Hudson where she stood behind the console. “Beam him down,” the Captain said. And to Sh’lok he said, “Stay in constant touch with us.” Another glance at Hudson. “Give him your phaser,” said the Captain. “He'll need that, too.”
But to achieve this final goal -- and one potentially even more important -- he has to try to earn the trust of this dark universe's Sh'lok in the only way that will work. But can he afford the price he may have to pay?...
Eyes still closed—because for this they didn’t need to be open—John reached out to touch his Vulcan and draw him closer, while bringing himself awake enough to make sense.
The fortalice was ridiculously ornate, a shining black excrescence with spiky towers and gilded domes and festooned with fussy repetitive decorative motifs that John Watson, when describing the building to him, eleven point six days ago, had for some reason referred to as “gingerbread”. The peculiar descriptor had caused Sh’lok to look the place up, and he had been so taken by the ridiculous jewel-encrusted idiosyncracy of the structure that he had instantly applied its likeness to the exterior of his locus matrix. And here it was, undamaged by the events of the last hour. Sh’lok was immensely relieved to find it so, for all its silly looks.
computers is audio of your own confession. So if you desire to improve the level of treatment you will shortly be receiving from the authorities, it would be most logical for you to—”
John stood there returning the salutes of the crew who’d leapt to their feet at his entrance, holding his salute, making
Minutes later John was standing there trying to disguise his frustration as he listened to the (familiar-enough) sound of his Chief Engineer trying to keep from laughing at yet another impossible thing he’d asked her to do. “A PXK
With clearly perceptible satisfaction, Sh’lok went back to stroking less physiologically loaded areas.
John could have rolled his eyes at that, for the statement suggested that this Sh’lok and this universe’s Lestrade had the same kind of mocking relationship going on as his own universe’s officers did... and the same kind of well-concealed understanding running beneath it.
Sh’lok had staggered back a pace in reaction. Now he turned and stared at the window, and at John, and at the window again—
Indeed he could feel the disgusting pressure of the organisms all along the barriers of his mind, as he had told John and the Doctor: pressing in, incessant, unrelenting. They constituted a hive mind of sorts, so old as to be almost immortal, and no species they had met in many millennia had been able to resist them for long. They knew that by numbers and persistence alone they could eventually wear him down.
John got a sense of someone caught between conflicting imperatives, trapped there… and in torment. Most carefully, though, he kept any reaction to this off his face. Whether that attempt at concealment would even have worked normally—when he would have been dealing with the most observant being in Starfleet—wasn’t the question at the moment. In any case, he looked away a little. “I order you,” John said, “to report to the Sickbay.”
There was no refuge for him in the Bridge at the moment: it would have inevitably made him think of Sh’lok. And as for Sickbay, where he’d have normally sought out Lestrade in circumstances like this… that wasn’t a place where John felt he could be right now, either. Neither was the Officer’s Mess, where he would have to look at a chessboard that his favorite opponent would never be able to see again. In fact, John discovered, there were very few parts of this ship that did not have thoughts or memories of his First Officer associated with them.
“Logical,” he said; and for the first and probably the last time in his life, though he did his best to speak the word evenly, it came out as a curse. “Flawlessly logical.”
Except that it was a Sh’lok in a strange satiny version of his Science tunic, gold-sashed and adorned with insignia and decorations that weren’t like anything John recognised as part of Starfleet usage. A Sh’lok with his hair slicked straight back from that high forehead; a Sh’lok with a mustache and a
Because there was one last thing to let go of, and the yearning to allow that final burden to slide away, even if just for a little while, became suddenly overwhelming. It was easy for John to forget sometimes how his command of
ones). But John was now regretting that his diplomacy unit at the Academy had had so little to say about the proper handling of council rooms full of (undeniably) attractive women in very short lame dresses in an assortment of colors—said women all being equipped with devices with which they could render you unconscious at a whim.
“Sigma Dra VI, sir. No industrial development. Glaciated when last surveyed; sapient life plentiful, but on a most primitive level.”
The merely physical aches and pains that Sh’lok had brought back with him from Vulcan had felt so unimportant and insignificant in the face of the nonphysical ones that he’d quite discounted them. Now, though, they were beginning to clamour for attention. “Not then.”
The responses to this were most revealing. In general, Sh’lok had become expert at reading humans over time. And more specifically, he had been studying his version of this man most intently for months—not least as the most logical way to increase his chances of surviving him. (For those who crossed Captain Watson, purposefully or inadvertently, had a statistically suspect tendency toward fatal misadventure.) What Sh’lok’s observations were revealing to him was that, with every response,
fantastic! Because his partner was looking down into him, into what suddenly seemed a large warm shadowy space labeled OSCULATION: VARIANTS, and was moving through that space, reaching out as he passed them into various specific dark soft wet tangles of sense-memory, choosing one here and another there, disentangling them, testing, tasting, analysing, then tangling them together again into some new shape or configuration that John had never in his life even considered. And then suddenly that configuration was unfurling inside him, his own lips parting to welcome its implementation in;  the touch and taste of someone both alien and utterly familiar, slipping past John’s lips to delightfully invade him, to be softly and irresistibly mastered by, delightedly submitted to…
With a slight smile Sh’lok leaned back again, watching his Captain. “Over millennia,” he said, “those settlements steadily decreased in number as their various Controllers ran up against that patient enemy of all species that outlive their active periods: ennui and loss of purpose. One by one they elected to allow their charges to die out, normally by chemically suppressing their reproductive urges or rendering them sterile, and—by way of making the gradual extinction as merciful as possible—inhibiting their cognitive functions as well. When the last of their humanoid populations died out, their Controllers followed them. All but the last one.”
John got down on his knees and got as comfortable as he could, leaning in a bit so as to brace himself against the table, and looking down to meet Sh’lok’s eyes again.
Looking up into those silver eyes, John shivered with desire and delight, and wondered again—for approximately the thousandth time—what in the Universe he’d done in this life to deserve the amazing turn of events that had brought him and this man together, and then closer together still. It had miraculously left them still the best of friends, still with their mutual loyalties as starship Captain and First Officer intact… perhaps even stronger than ever. But the other passion they shared, their love of the work they did and the ship they served, that too remained as it had been: preeminent, with all others subordinate to it.
dishes placed here and there. John and the others, who were in various stages of coming-to—almost certainly after one of those wristband buttons had been pressed—were sat on stools in front of that desk, all of them wearing belts strapped around them with some sort of large circular green device fastened to the front. Also sitting on stools near the desk were two of the Morg men, and two more of them, in what passed for some kind of security uniform, were guarding the door to the room. Every one of them, as well, was wearing one of the green-bossed belt devices. And every now and then, one or another of the women got up to feed one or another of the men an
Regretfully Mrs. Hudson moved to the nearest communicator and punched the button, wondering what Watson would do. “Bridge—”
The landscape into which they beamed could have been somewhere in the Rockies, or the Sierras. It was overtly alpine, with a scattering of robust-looking, conifer-like growths, low and scrubby, scattered over the stony scree-strewn ground around them. John turned, once, just enough to see that all the valleys reaching down from the mountains towering around them were choked with snow and ice. It would have been a beautiful if desolate landscape to spend some time admiring, were a man not obsessed by thoughts of his best friend’s mindless, literally brainless husk, devoid of its most vital element—and of Sh’lok himself (assuming he was conscious, or aware, under such bizarre circumstances and after such handling) down here, somewhere, alone.
John had a first awful thought that maybe nothing would happen at all. But after a second or two the low machine-whine that had filled the room before now began again. He watched Lestrade closely as it scaled up and up.
The room flooded with light again, blinding. Sweat popped out all over John as it hadn’t done when it was just the creature in there. A measured ten seconds later—seconds that felt like ages—Lestrade threw the switch again.
Sh’lok shook Greg’s arm as if trying to shake an answer out of him. When one wasn’t immediately forthcoming, he got up off the bed, still gripping Greg’s arm, and step by step forced him back against the Sickbay wall. Caught in that iron grip, Greg couldn’t do a thing except stare in horror as Sh’lok lifted his free hand and carefully placed his fingers against Greg’s face—
“A good clean shot too,” Appel said. “Didn't even slow it down.” He clipped the phaser back in place, his mouth twisting in anger.
Fortunately Vulcan tradition supported the understanding that the winner of a Challenge shouldn’t automatically assume that his prize would cooperate without a little personal testing first. The two of them rolled and wrestled and grappled and found holds and were shaken or levered out of them, and John got in a little growling as well, for Sh’lok’s fiery combative tone of mind was contagious. If John’s concentration on their tussle slipped more than once, so that he kept winding up on his back, maybe that was because he was a lot more concerned than Sh’lok seemed to be about falling off the bed onto the floor.
There was so much, and from this end of time, when closely examined, every moment of it seemed profoundly significant. Early mornings and long afternoons on the bridge, shifts filled with supernal boredom, downplanet missions challenging or terrifying or just plain uneventful: the feel of the man drifting up to stand behind John’s right shoulder, eyes on the viewscreen or (quietly, secretly) on John. Sliding into view on the front viewscreen, worlds with names that didn’t mean anything… yet: Ekos, Yonada, Deneb II, Coridan, Gamma Hydri IV. Battles with Klingons, skirmishes with Romulans, trouble with tribbles; the ship they served and loved webbed in by Tholians, flung back in time, dragged into unstable space torn by dimensional breaches, eaten by giant space microbes; invasions and kidnappings and diplomatic disputes and attacks by computers with delusions of grandeur…
The “John Watson” snarled at him in uncomprehending rage. “Has the whole galaxy gone crazy?” He yanked at his tunic. “What kind of a uniform is this? Where's your beard? What's going on?
John sighed and nodded as he looked over the board, which once again was not improving with extended inspection. “Yes, I’ve got a preliminary action plan from Lestrade in my inbox.”
“Do we really.” A sigh. “Twenty-five hours is looking kind of brief at the moment, even if we do stay awake the whole time. And if we do, we’re going to be wrecked when we get there. Probably fall asleep standing there in the middle of the President’s reception. Well, not
Donovan twitched toward Anderson, her face twisting with fury. “Oh, don’t worry,” Anderson said, smiling evilly.
In normal operation, though it might seem to a casual observer to be open to space, the hangar deck was never completely exposed to vacuum. Even with the doors open, a pair of forcefields—one inside, one out—remained in place, both keyed by default to allow only matter matching the composition of shuttlecraft hulls or other approved craft to pass through. Now John turned away from the panel and walked to the slowly-growing opening. There he took up a stance at the middle of it as the doors drew away from him on either side, and before him the unimpeded view into the vastness of interstellar night opened out.
“I’d better get the girl and her mother up to the ship, John,” Lestrade said quietly. “I can’t do much for them down here.”
The idea was intriguing. John began to pace a bit. “All right, how about this? A creature that lives deep in the planet below us, at home in solid rock. It seems to me that in order to survive, it would have to have some form of natural armour plating. Just to protect it from the natural stresses it would have to deal with. The heat of the depths, the pressure…”
if he hadn’t abruptly realised that Lestrade was still standing there watching all this, and smiling at him too. It was an unusual expression for him, completely and unreservedly appreciative. But the first smile, the one that mattered, attached to a breathing,
John restrained the urge to mutter under his breath, having caught himself hoping that something unexpected was going to magically turn up on Sh’lok’s tricorder. “We don’t have the time to try to cover this place tunnel by tunnel on foot,” he said. “We’ve got to get production going again. We must have that pergium!”
Appel shook his head. “I can’t, not in any detail. Only got a glimpse of it. But it's big and shaggy.”
“Cracked vertebra,” Lestrade said, sounding a bit abstracted. “Hairline longitudinal in the vT4. Probably from when John threw you into that wall. Not too deep and not too wide, thank God. When we’re done here I’ll regrow the bone. You hadn’t noticed any pain from that?”
John held his face still while waiting for her to give him some kind of clue as to how he should react to this suggestion, whatever it meant.
John was struck mute for a moment by the sheer size of the compliment… and of what lay beneath it. It was his turn to be abashed, now.
And he reached back to gently loosen the grip of the hand that Sh’lok had wrapped around the back of his neck, drawing it around and forward to his face. John turned his head enough to press his lips to the knuckles of that hand, and then turned it to settle its fingers against his own cheek, laying his own hand over it.
There was an odd glint in Sh’lok’s eye as his gaze slid sideways to John’s. In any other hominid being it would have resembled the precursor to a wink.
Sh’lok’s expression, to someone who was beginning to learn them, looked unconvinced. “I'm sure there is an answer. It simply has not yet been discovered.”
Quietly Sh’lok had moved back to his side: a gesture of acquiescence. “I'm sorry, Mr. Sh’lok,” John said, still not turning to meet his eyes, “but I'm afraid the creature must die.”
A few minutes later the Captain arrived with Dr. Lestrade in tow, as well as a pair of Security staff. They glanced briefly at the Transporter tech, who was up on his feet again and wincing as he rubbed his shoulder.
There was Lestrade. And standing by him, stiff and still and silent and wearing a dark olive-green coverall, was Sh’lok.
John heard the noise again and, turning to follow it, found himself staring at the underside of a sort of lintel hanging down against the joint wall where the two buildings met. It took John a moment to realise that there were lumps of something stuck to it.
“But the ship we were following, Captain,” Dimmock said, “would’ve been way beyond anything the 21st or even the 22nd centuries could have produced. Unless it was the most incredible design fluke in history…”
because the room was simmering with a sense of something having been about to happen. And there was something wrong about Bradstreet’s look too. He was looking toward John’s face but not quite
The two liveried Vulcans carrying the long purple-wrapped bundles stepped forward. One knelt before the dais and set down his bundle, unwrapping it: another knelt before John and did the same.
“Then get on this technology,” John said. “Likenesses to ours, differences from it. It's all we've got to work with if we want to get back home.” As Mrs. Hudson headed for the door, John said, “I’m betting that the intercom’s monitored. Use your communicators for private messages. Subfrequency and scramble.”
John turned it over and saw, buried among the shallower curves and domes of the box’s bottom, an intricately interwoven upper-and-lowercase monogram engraved in the wood, though there were places where the carving had been chipped or splintered away, then sanded down. “‘A… G, R, A…?’”
“You’ll proceed from level to level, checking out every meter of tunnel,  every opening. You are searching for some sort of creature which is highly resistant to phaser fire. Phasers will be set on maximum.” He looked from face to face, intent. “And remember this. Fifty people have already died. I want no more deaths.”
“I will lose no more men,” John said. “The creature will be killed on sight, and that's the end of it.”
John took a breath and locked eyes with the henchman. Then he took another step forward, feeling the hairs prickle and rise on the back of his neck—
John clawed feebly at the choking pressure around his throat, feeling the pressure of it building in his sinuses, behind his eyes, blood trapped there and beating to get in, to get out. It was peculiar how dissociated he was feeling from all this, how distant. The face into which he was gazing was a mask, eyes narrowed to slits of enraged effort, the mouth a rictus of fury.
John thought, and though it seemed to take long years to do it, he moved his fingers to the last control he wanted.
At the word, at the sound of it and what underlay it, John shivered, head to foot and stem to stern. He was no longer so certain whose fingers were on the strings. “I’ve been thinking, and the thought I’ve been having is that we, uh… might combine… very well.” He licked his lips. “In other modes than the, um. Official. Or the strictly intellectual. Actually, I was considering suggesting the, ah, physical. And after that, actually
“John,” Sh’lok said, drawing himself up in as much indignation as one could reasonably express while lying on one’s side, naked. “I never guess.”
“Revised down to four days from seven,” Sh’lok said. “I understand the Doctor was in contact with the Surgeon-General’s office on receiving the first estimate, and put, as casual usage might have it, a bug up her butt.”
Lost in wonder, John shivered as they stood there together in that moment, looking down into it as if from a height. John saw now not only what he’d seen then, but also, through
The man standing there in the last moments before the beam lapsed and released him back into mobility looked exactly like John Hamish Watson—or would have, to a less acute observer. But Sh’lok had been studying this man with a truly unparalleled intensity since John first reached down to help him up off the floor of his transient accommodations at Starfleet San Francisco. Sh’lok knew how he looked in good moments and bad, in calm and in crisis; in terror, in confidence, in uncertainty, in chilly judgment, in thoughtful cogitation, in painful wrestling with his conscience, in rage and pain and the still moments after.
Sh’lok gave John a humorous look, but it was a little edged with something somber. “Let him. He saved your life, and by so doing, saved mine. I think I can resign myself to taking his teasing meekly… from time to time.”
She wandered off to pace and puzzle at the problem. But Bones’s mind was still plainly elsewhere. He was leaning by the side of the computer, and now he leaned down a little, his eyes lingering, troubled, on John’s mouth, the slight swelling there, the trace of blood. “John… the way this ship is run, what kind of people
The other-“John”’s face then was transformed rather horribly into an expression that suggested this was some kind of plot against him, a situation he could find a way to control. “All right, Sh'lok. Whatever your game is, I'll play it. You want credits? I'll give them to you. You'll be a rich man.” He actually leered at Sh’lok. “A command of your own? I can swing that, too.”
So he held still, and just spent those moments looking with tremendous pleasure at a man he was overjoyed to have the chance to see again—because just a matter of minutes ago he wouldn’t have much fancied his chances. For as long as it would last, John just let himself bask in the dazzle of something he had never seen before—a full Vulcan smile,
But there was always the possibility that the reactor, already well along in the process of going supercritical, might decide to get ahead of itself and make a fool of his Chief Engineer… not to mention all the rest of them.
John let her go, then, and headed for the door. Halfway there he paused and looked behind, feeling her gaze still resting on him, unchanged, a little bewildered, and finally flickering toward the sliding panel on the wall and back to him again.
John nodded. “If I understood him right, while apparently all branchings of all universes are infinitely possible, they’re not
crewmen begin a do-or-die attempt to get back to their own universe. John discovers a strange and ambivalent ally. And the mirror Sh'lok is faced with a dilemma... and a mystery.
The whole lot of them piled around the curve in the tunnel, Vanderberg and Appel in the lead: and then for a vital moment they all froze, even those of them carrying the Security team’s purloined phasers, as they saw what was there. Beside John, Sh’lok already had his phaser drawn and aimed at them. John flung out an arm and shouted
As they stepped through a great smooth-walled gateway cut into that outer barrier, John could see that the rest of the ring wall had been carved into massive lintel-capped pillars—the pillars themselves smoothed and polished, squared-off and sheer, but the lintels left rough, as if the builders or artisans had been trying to preserve the primitive unworked quality of the stone.
Lestrade looked up from his labors, which apparently (and very oddly) involved a large bucket of something sloppy, wet and grey-green. “I'll let you know—”
sometimes (so well he knew his ship) even making his way along with his eyes closed, pinching the bridge of his nose and muttering under his breath over the stupidity of some planetary government or some ridiculous thing Fleet had done…
It didn’t last, of course—not nearly long enough. Even in the horror of the moment Sh’lok couldn’t bring himself to pinch that nerve quite as hard as he ought to have… and then the rest of the landing party went after him and Anderson, their version of Lieutenant Donovan being most enthusiastic about trying to pull the poor man’s face off. Sh’lok had had to nerve-pinch her too, and that was when the Security detachment arrived and began the process of carting all the new arrivals off to confinement. Sh’lok was most annoyed that their own version of Lestrade would not be available to conduct a psychiatric analysis, though hearing this version of Lestrade do a variant on “tearing everybody a new one” was amusing enough. He lacked the proper Lestrade’s elegant vocabulary, but what he lacked in diversity or ingenuity of expression he made up for in offensively energetic idiom. Sh’lok made notes for another time.
John saw Lestrade turn his head a little, either to hide a smile he couldn’t conceal, or to hide an expression of shock for being complimented. For his own part, he concentrated on not appearing to notice.
Sh’lok sat up and swung himself around so that he was half-sitting on the bed and looking toward her, while searching for the way to handle this situation that would cause her the least pain. “I had a most startling dream,” he said at last. “You were trying to tell me something, but I couldn't hear you.”
Sh’lok nodded. “Here I am. And here you are. …This is perhaps my Maiwand, John. No question, it was terrible. Potentially tragic in a number of ways. Yet it brought me here.” He glanced around at the room: at John. “To you.” He swallowed. “So… I am content.”
“No no,” John said through the hole, “just you wait there. There’s going to be shouting. Mr. Sh’lok, but it’s not going to be because of distance.”
The whole business had got quite ugly. When the chatter about the continually-increasing acrimony had started to reach uncomfortable levels—meaning levels at which both officers’ effectiveness were starting to be impaired—Lestrade had sent Anderson and Donovan off separately for counseling. Donovan, who for all her spikiness was far more emotionally intelligent and better organised than her fellow officer, had needed far less of this than Anderson… whose somewhat frustrated counselor, Lieutenant Algar, started calling him “Angerson” when reporting off to Lestrade. Algar had warned the Doctor that it might take some while for Anderson to settle down, and recommended that he and Donovan should spend as little time together as possible in duty situations. John, having had to sign off on this duty-rostering amendment for the computer routine that managed crew assignments, had simply let out an annoyed breath and hoped Anderson got his shit together before forcing a situation in which he would have to be transferred.
“Drop us to warp two, Mr. Bradstreet. Let’s spare the crystals a bit and give her an extra thirty-six hours to put Engineering in a fit state to be seen by the planetary President. Because you
Lestrade already had a microscanner out and was waving it over Sh’lok while his attention was riveted to the readouts over the bed. “We’ll get home! This won't take long.”
He turned and headed for the door. “Then since we're headed for Altair Six, and since the shore facilities there are excellent—”
She shook her head without even having to check her instrumentation for the distance. “Out of range, sir.”
“Hold still, Captain,” Anderson said softly. “She doesn’t have to die if you cooperate. Just hold still and take your medicine. It doesn’t have to take too long, if you’re sensible.”
She had no trouble keeping her face as still as stone, for any necessary change of mind regarding Anderson she’d taken care of herself, a universe away. Very low and cold she said, “You are away from your post, mister.”
“Suddenly the pirates can see their way clear to come through and do a little investigation,” John said. “Or a little investigative plundering. The Klingons, maybe even the Romulans…”
It was inevitable that the talk should turn to tying up the loose ends on sigma Draconis VI, infrastructure being one of the two main areas of concern.  “We can leave them with automated systems to manage the underground installation,” Sh’lok said, reaching up for a bishop. “Hardly the kind of thing one needs to waste living brain tissue upon.” He sniffed. “And I’ll have at least a day’s reprogramming to do. The database of the Ancients was cluttered with endless untoward influences from previous millennia. Not to mention much extremely superannuated programming and some truly terrible code.”
Sh’lok stepped up onto one just behind John and to his right, his usual spot—at his Captain’s side, supporting but ready to take a lead if requested—and Lestrade on the one behind and to the left, with one eye on Sh’lok. John had noticed when they’d met up prior to making their way to the lift that the Doctor was carrying a small medikit (not slung at his side, but belted on, possibly for discretion’s sake) and surmised that he was still quite concerned about Sh’lok’s condition. There was no missing the fact that Sh’lok definitely looked more wan than usual, indeed looked worn down.
There was some kind of device clamped to the top of his head, doubtless having to do with the control mechanism Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson had designed to make it possible to bring him with them to the planet.
And shortly there was none: or so little that, for the moment, it didn’t matter. Shortly thereafter, a listener would have heard the sound of restraints snapping, one after another: and after that, the silence of a room whose inhabitant no longer needed to be there.
The lean dark presence that materialized at his side after some moments simply stood there and said nothing, waiting to be noticed. After a breath or two John managed to look over at those cool patient eyes, which now had a sad cast to them that John couldn’t remember having seen there before. “Captain,” Sh’lok said. “I understand how you must…”
Sh’lok rested that merciless I-will-drill-straight-through-you gaze on Dimmock for a moment, but after a moment seemed to be satisfied, or at least distracted. “Possibly a result of the severe storm.” He turned to John. “Captain, do you feel any abnormal effects?”
“John,” Sh’lok said, and favored him with a mischievous look of the sort that John was now realising he’d seen surprisingly often over their time together. “I would suggest that the odds are ninety-six point five percent or greater that more than half the crew know already.”
John stroked Sh’lok’s tongue with his own in a slow soft swirl of promise and then backed off a little to smile against his mouth once more.
John flipped his communicator shut again, tucked it away. “Mrs. Hudson, you’re next in the chain of command: I don’t want to take you down there with us. Remain here on the surface with those members of the landing party who don’t accompany me down. We’ll be in constant contact with you, and you can liaise with the
Sh’lok gave T’Eyreen a long, perplexed glance. After a moment he turned away from her and came down from the dais, looking almost dazed, and making for where S’kroft sat as if to protest. But the half-masked man with the curve-edged blade positioned himself in front of Sh’lok, mutely forbidding him to go any closer.
Gasping, John did his best to give Lestrade the kind of incredulous look that would have accompanied the Doctor making some humorously idiotic claim in some after-hours officers’-mess argument. “Kill Sh’lok?” John said, wincing as the sting of the deep cut across his chest and the itch of the trickling blood made themselves more apparent in the quiet moment. “That’s not what I came to Vulcan for, is it?”
“But even in the best of circumstances, even with appropriate psychological monitoring,” Sh’lok said, “all species that evolve on planet surfaces come under significant strain when living and working for extended periods in confined artificial environments of any kind… and underground mining colonies would certainly be exemplary for their harshness in that regard. That said, even without psychological issues being invoked, in their residential areas and their workplaces and even in their leisure time, right across all the worlds where they live…” He looked a bit grim. “Humans remain human.”
put it together. That being the point at which she decided a more active role was required, however much anguish it caused her.”
That set John’s giggling off all over again, for Sh’lok’s tone was that of a serious scientific researcher faced with a serious new topic. And the words sounded hilarious coming out of Sh’lok at all. “Guilty,” he said, “guilty as charged.” He had to stop again to breathe. “What am I going to do with you?”
“No storm damage, sir,” Donovan said, calmly handing him a padd displaying the text version of the messages she’d just pulled down. “All stations report normal.” And in a very casual, almost matter-of-fact murmur pitched just for him to hear, she added, “You're ordered to annihilate the Halkans unless they comply. No alternative.”
for me?” Mary said, and stepped closer, looking up into John’s eyes with an intensity in which the anger was starting to slip its leash. “I’m not used to being toyed with, and I don’t intend to put up with it. Intelligence won’t care if I elect to move on now: this ship’s safe enough, in their estimation. So
Greg spent a few moments more eyeing the readouts, making sure that the briefly compressed grey matter had suffered no ill effects from its little adventure. The ithektomorin in the final little cocktail he’d just administered would make sure that the potentially damaging serum chemistry secondary to such a transient cerebral insult would be minimised, if not completely avoided. It was just a matter now of checking to see that Sh’lok’s consciousness levels were heading for being on the mend as well. Then he could get out of here and down to the Transporter room.
“Indeed?” Sh’lok said. “I find that most illuminating, Captain. Be absolutely certain you do not damage any of them.”
The room’s rate of travel began to decrease much more significantly. “Phasers on stun,” John murmured.
Donovan went for Sh’lok then. John couldn’t see what was happening, as he was still trying to get back to his feet after being gut-kicked by a Vulcan, but the crash of a body into a wall and then onto the floor suggested that she might be out of it for some moments. By the time he got up again Lestrade was once more being thrown over Sh’lok’s back and into some kind of sample cabinet, and once more Hudders tried to engage by sweeping Sh’lok’s feet out from under him, and got body-blocked off to one side—
Anderson, fortunately, was oblivious to these resolutions, and apparently saw nothing unusual about the situation. “I’ve got a fix on his communicator, sir,” he said.
and clubbed John in the chest with it. Down John went on his back, and for that frozen second he could do nothing but stare up in disbelief as Sh’lok swung the
And then had come Clara. She’d been as bright and fierce as her name, and for a while John had started to think,
Lestrade picked up his various pieces of equipment and piled them on his desk. “All right, Sh’lok, you’re fit to return to duty,” he said. “Assuming there isn’t anything else you need to tell me?”
John thought, his glance immediately going over to Sh'lok, who had stood up a little straighter from his reviewer to listen. “—have been advanced seven solar days. You are ordered to alter your flight plan to accommodate. By order of Komack, Admiral, Starfleet Command. Acknowledge.”
Sh’lok smiled a secret sort of smile. “There was a great deal of talk, as you can probably imagine. Among the more conservative sorts of Vulcan, there was muttering along the lines of ‘Yes it’s good to cherish the infinity of diversity in its infinite combinations, but
Holding herself very straight, Dr. Hooper left. Sh’lok stood there, hands clasped, for some while, gazing sightlessly at the door and considering the nature of human courage, and how best it might be acknowledged.
The beast himself was long dead, of course, but here he was as he would have been long before Sh’lok first came under his care as a very small child. I-Chaya had been his father Sarek’s before he had been Sh’lok’s (though where sehlats were concerned there was always some debate over who owned and who
Then last of all, up out of the sliding gold came the long neck and great head, sword-fanged, spear-spined, gigantic, bending down over John and dwarfing him where he stood. The dragon’s jaw dropped as it snarled softly—a huge sound, echoing all through that vast space—and John looked down its throat to see where the deadly fire broiled deep inside, and the eyes, as silver-blue as ice, narrowed and glared at him.
“Mr. Sh’lok,” John said, not looking at him for the moment— not until he could get command of himself back again. He focused on the empty, broken half-nodule in his hand. “Mr. Sh’lok!”
Sh’lok gasped along with John and slowly drew himself out, unhurried, feeling the stroke all along him, hot, slick, tight, strong, as John clenched down around him again, letting him know he understood what Sh’lok wanted, what he felt. And then—
But there came a cry from behind them. “No! No!” And the humanoid was up on his feet, lurching toward them in great distress. “No, do not go there!
He gathered up Sh’lok with a glance, and side by side they headed off to rendezvous with the others.
Watson shook his head. “Can’t have that,” he said. He turned to glance over at the helmsman. “Mr. Dimmock, set course for Janus VI and notify Starfleet of the change in our forward schedule.”
John had said to Lestrade, so casually. He’d never given any thought to what it might look like to be the mate who had been won, to see what he saw now in the winner’s eyes. Mere ‘possessiveness’ was a poor sort of word for it. Plainly it intended to run much deeper.
Yet elsewhere others were labouring to keep him alive, thereby conferring value on his life—precarious a thing though that was at the moment—and by so doing, bestowing on him a currency he must find the right way to spend.
John moved up beside her again. “I'll see to it that the circumstances of his failure will clear him.”
His problem-solving walks were one thing. John made sure he never went to any single specific part of the ship when something was troubling him, because he didn’t want any part of
“How’s this place kept functioning by the primitive minds we've met?” Bradstreet said. It was more for the sake of making conversation than anything else: his eyes too had flicked toward that table where their equipment, minus the phasers, was laid out.  “Those women could never have set up anything as complex as all this has to be—”
It was too soon to allow the recriminations to begin: he needed to get at least this much said. “So I would appreciate your making the final arrangements.”
“Maybe twenty minutes or so ago, Captain. Said he’d be back shortly, just needed to get some preliminary readings on something.”
would violate our history of total peace. To prevent that, we would die, Captain. As a race, if necessary.”
“God help me,” said John, “yes I do. You, and your massive brain. And your massive heart.” John’s gaze began to casually drift southward of that organ. “And your massive—”
Because John’s pleasure was Sh’lok’s and Sh’lok’s was John’s, and each could feel what the other felt, each seeing in his own mind the other’s strongest imaginings,  whatever it was the other one wanted the most. Sh’lok bent to John’s cock and wrapped those long warm hands around it, then began circling the head of it with his tongue, nibbling at John’s foreskin, kissing it, teasing gently under its rim. The breath went out of John in a long moan at the pleasure of what Sh’lok was doing to him and the desperate hope of what he might do next.
John waited a second to see if he would vanish too—but no, there he stood, still circling his knife between him and John as if he now had any chance of actually getting close enough to use it.
Considering all he had been through, John would have expected Sh’lok to withdraw for a night of meditation… but instead he found him waiting for John in the Officer’s Mess. And since John, more than anything, wanted to simply spend some time with him and watch Sh’lok be all right, there seemed little point in arguing about it.
“Captain,” Sh’lok said. “I’ve just read some fresh signs. The creature is in this area. I'll take a lifeform reading—”
His tone of voice alone was enough to clear the corridor. Once he was alone, John took a breath and went in.
John thought, looking down at the dark, smoking patch on the floor and feeling something else he’d had cause to feel too many times since he’d taken command of
His business now was to acquire more data without being seen to be acting in any way that would cast undue suspicion on the landing party, or himself. He must carefully observe their actions both in terms of deducing what they would do here and for the purpose of determining his own course of action.
