“Yes," he said, with just a glimmer of pride. "Think of it as - a wedding present.”
A convoy of armoured vehicles descended on the scene and Tony wondered what business they had being there, especially when the assassin had long gone.
Steve liked the shield. Fantastic. Now, Tony could work on his suits. That current suit, which someone named Agent designed, did nothing for his ass. He was thinking a dark blue and white one. For stealth. And a red-white-blue one. For official appearances.
Hi!!!
Thor chuckled. “And the rightful heir - to Jotunheim.”
When the God of Mischief passed over a particularly dense concentration of enemy troops, Thor leapt off from his brother’s back and slammed his hammer into the ground.
Steve was special. He was special in every way. The serum amplified whatever a man was. It transformed what was good to great.
Then, they soared into the evening sky.
Mesmerised by the fire burning in the caldera, it took a while for Tony to notice Steve tugging at his hand, and urgently too. “Tony,” he said, when he finally got his attention and pulled him into an embrace. “I adore you. You know I do. But, right now, I need the other guy.”
“You’re invited to the wedding, Schellehead!” Bucky shouted at Tony as he took off.
“It’s ready, my king,” Bruce said, and held up a small vial in his hand, just as Lord Strange reappeared with King Howard and Queen Maria behind him, wearing hopeful looks on their careworn faces for the first time in days.
Thor greeted them with a bright smile. “My friends! Blessed are we to be adventuring once more!”
Above the cacophony of raised voices, Tony quietly said, "Let him do it."
The sight of tears running down Tony’s sweet face broke his heart. He didn’t want Tony to cry, especially not because of something he said or did. “Don’t be. There’s nothing to be sorry for,” Steve said, as he tried to console his husband of six months. “This is not really the end. You know that, right? We’re still going to be friends. If you - if either of you should need me, I’ll be there.”
“We will never what? You didn’t finish!” Steve screamed after the falling body.
Knowing glances were exchanged. “I think you’re on to something,” Tony said, seeing from the corner of his eye how Steve was running after them on foot, undeterred by their flying speeds.
Tony had almost made it to the door before turning back. “My medallion,” he gasped, as he looked imploringly around the house. “I need it.”
To even the odds stacked against them, Killian sent a fireball toward the beach, which torched a coconut tree and started a fire.
“Yeah,” Tony agreed, as his eyelids began to feel heavy. “Me too.”
“But you were talking about new buildings and gardens and farms. I thought – ”
"Well, you shouldn't," Steve told him, rather firmly.
“You’re my mission. You’re my mission. You’re my mission,” he chanted, ending each statement with a new punch to an already-bloodied eye.
“Thank you, Mr Killian,” Tony said.
Steve’s eyelids flew open at the sound of his voice.
As the room darkened, the image of a magnificent dragon appeared in front of them, suspended over the dining table, right between the teapot and the bowl of fresh fruit.
“You should come back for breakfast,” Steve said.
“I’m afraid not,” Bruce told him, and his warm eyes were full of sympathy. “The antidote is rather unstable and interactions with other medicines might render it ineffective. We can’t take the risk.”
“Don’t think. Just drink,” Bruce ordered, and brought the tipped cup to his lips, forcing Steve to gulp it down so as not to waste a drop.
Tony sighed. There wasn’t a day that went by where Steve hadn’t blamed himself for the
“You know what? We should get together and hash it out,” Tony said coolly, despite being unsettled by Ivan’s baffling claims. He’d never known of any feud between the Anguisian royal family and his. Yet, the prince sounded wholly convinced in his assertions.
“Then I solemnly promise to tease you many, many more times for the rest of the day.”
Tony was smiling at him, and he looked bright and radiant, like a flower blooming in the sun, while Steve wished he were a seed to be buried in the soil, only to sprout next spring, his heart light, oblivious to the misery of being in love.
Steve let out a huff of disapproval, and somehow managed to stare down at the usurper, even from the bottom of the stairs.
Tony winced when she began tugging on that thread, beginning with his iron fortress, which was both the source of his pride and shame. She followed that thread back in time, and pulled relentlessly at it until she arrived at the bright halo of Tony’s childhood.
“Leave that to us,” Pietro said as he landed behind Strange in a rush of wings, with Wanda just behind him, concentrating on her task.
“I’ve got ideas for an upgrade,” Tony shared in a conspiratorial whisper. “How about wingflaps? Like flying squirrels gliding from tree to tree?  You’ll be adorable!” he almost squealed. “But then again, what am I talking about? Maybe that won’t be necessary. After today, we’ll retire the forge. Both of us will be moving on to bigger and better things. Am I right?”
“Sorry about that,” Steve began, sheepishly running his fingers through his soft, blonde hair.
“Someone will have to fill me in,” Tony decided. “But first – I’m starving,” Tony informed them, before providing them with a wishlist of food and drink. “Shieldberger first,” he added, shouting over the din of cheerful people hurrying around to fetch Tony whatever his heart desired.
“Well, SHIELD monitors potential threats,” Fury explained.
“Rumlow.”
They began from the first floor and worked their way up to the third, where the bedrooms were located.
Steve got the hint, keeping his distance. “Goodnight, Tony," he said. "And I'm sorry. I really am,” he added.
“How’s that even possible? It was like fifty years ago.”
“And you never once talked to me, your husband, about it. That’s kind of dishonest, don’t you think?” he demanded, firing first.
“Why?” Tony pressed, firmly placing the shield back over his arm. “I made it for you.”
Sarah smiled. “I know,” she said, gently. “You know, I’d always thought Steve would marry someone from here, a fellow warrior who'd understand our way of life. But this - this is better. You’ll be good for him,” she said, nodding. “Besides, he’s already besotted.”
“That’s a large chest.”
There were the snippets of conversations, the heated debates that went on through the night, but underneath it all, the mutual respect was undeniable.
All the love in the world! :D
He was a mechanic. And fixing them was what he was going to do.
Rhodey pushed Steve off him. “Sorry, Tones. Had to make a detour,” he explained.
Loki paused for a few dramatic seconds, as he waited for all eyes to be on him. He began his tale, speaking softly, eloquently, in a voice full of drama and suspense. As he spoke, he moved his hands, and brought his words to life in a display of bright colours and lights.
As always, this is heavily inspired by a number of books / films - mainly Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter, A Song of Ice and Fire (Dragonrocke = Dragonstone LOL) and of course, the Avengers. :D
“I love you, Dad,” he whispered, pausing briefly before looking up.
They lighted up, like an inferior version of his holotable, to project a video of Steve bound to an upright chair. His eyes and skin were glowing hot, burning with
Tony moved the cameras, shifting feeds from one to the next, tracking Nat as she scrambled for safety. She looked uncharacteristically terrified, shouting at the public to stay out of the way. She was about to reach one of the buildings when her left shoulder was shot, through the window of a parked vehicle.
Tony nodded. He’d take whatever Steve could give him. Wrapped in Steve’s arms and scent, Tony drifted into a sleepless dream. Filled with longing. For an alpha he loved with all his heart. A husband who would never love him back.
“That’s
“Steve?” the dragon asked, as he appeared by his side, his eyes growing wide at the sight of his scraped knees. “You’re hurt.”
“Then, you take it, my dear,” Jarvis offered, without any hesitation.
Tony had taken these freedoms for granted. It was his fault, for letting himself get used to it. He was spoiled now. But why would he give Tony all those choices if he wasn’t going to stand by him when it counted most?
a dragon?” Tony asked carefully, and watched closely through his eyelashes for Steve’s response.
Tony retrieved a fire extinguisher from its case near the bottom step, and began to douse the flames. Armed with fire extinguishers, a couple of volunteers joined Tony as they made their way up the staircase to clear the hazards obstructing the safe evacuation of trapped residents. Those who arrived empty-handed were directed to raid the nearby buildings for additional firefighting equipment like the smaller aerosol extinguishers or whatever else they could get their hands on.
“I’m going to miss this,” Steve said, still clutching the shield close to his chest.
“Who? Why? What are they?” Clint asked, referring to the suicidal troops.
The following day began and ended as it usually did, with neither of them bringing up the events of New York, afraid that stirring the dust that had settled would lead to a different battle of epic proportions. So, for weeks, they danced around each other, tiptoed about the issue. But now, Tony knew where Steve firmly stood.
“What do I do?” he asked, as he relied on her counsel, as always.
. “You
“Let’s see. You’re clever, brave, handsome and kind -”
By the time he got to the bar, the party was in full swing and Rhodey and Peter, who’d stayed human to fit behind the counter, were using their powers to fulfil the incessant waves of orders, which they served in receptacles of all shapes and sizes.
He’d started out with something pure. Something exciting. An adventure. Then came the mistakes, the compromises. Until he lost sight of himself in the smog around him.
“It needs some getting used to,” Rhodey agreed. “I mean we’ve always known you were special. But Tyranaksthon - you? Who would have thought?”
“Why?”
“No. I think it’s your eyes. And your smile,” he offered and watched it grow brighter and warmer, against the midday sun.
Tony pulled the covers over his head, sealing himself in the darkness he felt.
“JARVIS, are you up?”
While Natasha trained her firearm at the secretary’s head, Tony worked on disabling the security protocols. For a couple of minutes, he focused on his task to publish the contents of Fury’s thumb drive, information regarding SHIELD and HYDRA into the Internet.
“Blueberry?” Tony asked, holding one out in front of Steve before popping the fruit into his open mouth.
Ah our two idiots finally talk! :D
“Oh,” Steve said, his blue eyes growing wide with understanding. “I’m sorry. I got carried away. I can wait - however long you need.”
Why would Tony need him? If Steve hadn’t been there in the Wandering Woods, Thanos would never have attacked Tony. Tony would have lived a normal life, making weapons from the safety of his castle, and living to a ripe, old age.
“Please, whatever you're going to do, don't you dare tell me you’re sorry,” Tony rasped.
Considering how he’d almost died just a couple of weeks ago, Tony had never felt better. Often, he wondered if his body had absorbed the magic of the six infinity stones, because these days, he felt strong and powerful, and ready to take on the universe.
Agent Hill’s voice came over the public address system. “It’s a direct hit. Engine Three is down. All hands to your stations immediately.” Sounds of panic could be heard, as the crew scrambled to their stations.
“I had to let her go,” he informed him with a sigh. “Last summer, I caught her pocketing the good spoons.”
The enemy was still on the way and the collective sounds of thumping hooves and clinking armour were getting louder by the minute. While some armies would have marched on to meet the enemy, the Valorians chose to wait where they were.
“I miss him too,” she admitted. “But my heart is full, knowing that he died for what he believed in, and as he took his dying breath, he knew just how much he was loved.”
“Oh, Tony,” Steve sighed at the sight of his pale face and rigid posture.
soldiers, maybe go face-to-face with the Mandarin, and rescue Captain America?”
He caught a glimpse the jewellery inside. It was a ring, a simple band, embellished with blue stones, sapphires perhaps, set in the shape of his first arc reactor.
They found themselves in a lawyer’s office, where their family lawyer read them Howard’s last will and testament. As their only child, his parents left Tony the bulk of their property and wealth. Stark Industries, his father’s pride and joy, had been left to Steve.
,” he answered. “I highly recommend you take a look.”
“The purple dragon fled from the forest, still howling, but the damage had been done,” Steve continued. “The prince was weak and fading, so in order to keep him awake, our young friend picked up the first thing he could find and spun it to keep the prince from closing his eyes.
“Yes, but at what cost?” he quietly asked. “What if Strange hadn’t seen you falling? What if I hadn’t got to you in time?”
Clint put on his tough-dad face. “You better not be,” he warned.
A click was heard and finally, he felt sensation returning to his body.
Steve looked away, cheeks burning, as the welcome sound of Thor’s voice boomed from behind. “Anthony, my friend! The legend has come true. By the power of the stones, you are alive! You are invincible! You are Tyranaksthon!”
“Schellehead,” Rhodey murmured thoughtfully. “Yeah, that would work.”
, and right next to it –
“Tony? Are you all right?”
Bucky laughed. “Thought this arrangement wasn’t about you?” he teased. “Why wouldn’t he like you?” he asked, softer this time.
“You and I remember spring break very differently,” Tony muttered.
Tony nodded. “And I will follow you to the very end,” he solemnly said.
. You watched the whole trilogy. Thrice.”
An injection was administered, and he instantly felt better, so while Steve made his way to the Avengers Tower for a meeting (presumably to figure out Killian’s diabolical plans), Tony left the house for some much-needed fresh air.
Tony’s face took on a serious expression. “It’s about the dragon,” he whispered.
“You made this? A space? For me?”
The corners of Steve’s mouth twitched with fond amusement. “His nostrils flare when he laughs, and sometimes, he snorts. And - ," Steve broke off to stifle a soft chuckle, "when he stretches his lithe body, he rumbles and growls, like a little dragon.”
Steve’s words were drowned out by the sounds of a helicopter landing behind them. They watched, unspeaking, as Bruce hopped out and Rhodey, dressed in his air force uniform, gave them a salute.
Tea had come and gone, with no sign of Tony, and the food was getting cold, so Steve packed a basket of food, more of those shieldbergers that Tony had taken a liking to and a handful of blueberries, deciding to go to him instead.
antidote.
And then there was a Leviathan. Took everything out of them to turn it belly up. And another one, and another one. Then, a whole armada.
Steve nodded. "Yeah, of course. His actions today have proven without a doubt that he is on our side."
“Where’s he gone?” Tony asked, momentarily distracted by the spells glowing brightly on Strange’s forearms.
“You’ll have to make a trip to Brookland.”
“No, I don’t think I will,” Loki answered with an enigmatic smile. “It’s a good story, but the way you
“For – what?”
Tony was thrilled to finally meet someone who spoke “English”, and his inner fanboy swooned when Dr. Banner invited him to his workspace, where they spent hours discussing anti-electron collisions and gamma radiation. Trying to impress the fellow Scientist, he was on his best behaviour, only prodding him twice in his (unsuccessful) attempts to turn him into a raging green monster.
“The eyes!” Peter shouted in warning.
"And will that be okay with you?" Tony asked.
“We’re not,” Bruce explained. “We’ve just given him all that we have.”
“Well, you’re not wrong. I would put it in myself but I’ve run into a little problem. See, there’s an exposed wire. Ow!”
Resting his legs on a large rock, Steve got out his knife and the conical object, whittling it down to streamline its shape. The quintessential child's toy, a spinning top, had long delighted children of all cultures, and Steve was no different. Time always seemed to stop as he watched it defy gravity to spin upright, as if by magic. Besides, it always seemed to slow his racing heart and gave his hands something to do.
“Rhodey,” Tony greeted, when the door opened to reveal his surprised best friend.
“That’s harsh. I was just trying to bring in the gold.”
Pietro shrugged. “It’s a stone,” he said. “A powerful stone, which has helped us to free some of our people, but it tore our kingdom apart. Our father was killed for it.”
Then Rhodey’s voice came in his ear, speaking so loudly that Steve could hear him. “Tony, come in. Our cover has been blown. Like literally. Into a ball of flames. You and Cap need to get out of there ASAP.”
to anything Steve wanted.
And maybe, Steve just needed time.
“Gee. Thanks, Mom," he whispered, touched. Marshmallows gone, he finished his drink, feeling all warm and toasty inside.
Then, they’d found the orphaned dragonet with a broken wing, trapped on top of the Raorus Falls.
“Please tell me he’s at the cliffs,” Clint added when he joined them. “With Rhodes? And I hope they had the good sense not to take Peter with them.”
He knew Steve had been sketching, but he hadn’t known what it was. He balked at the thought of Steve reading his amateur work before illustrating his response - the masterpiece in his hands.
“Be quick. It is very strong,” Nat warned as she jumped over the sweeping tail.
The next morning, Tony woke up to the scent of blueberry pancakes on blueberry pancakes. Steve told him he’d never slept better. They discussed the headlines and mused about the identity of Iron Man. Had a debate on whether or not he was a superhero.
Until she did.
, he repeated over and over like a mantra, to avoid thinking of that fateful night.
Howard was the first to extend his hand. “Steven, we finally meet. For years, we’ve been enthralled by your legend, regaled by tales of your honour, bravery and sacrifice.”
“So that's why you have pop-tarts in your larder,” he deduced.
“Loving,” Tony added, and pressed his warm lips to Steve’s cool cheek.
Tony coughed, interrupting the embarrassing reminder of his self-insert comic books, written and illustrated during a
Tony let out a happy sigh. “I love your traditions.”
Steve growled as he crowded Tony against the cave. “You are going to pay for that", he said, pressing soft kisses to his collar bones.
trilogy and the
Finally, he allowed himself to break down the dam and open the floodgates. He had tried too hard to be too brave for too long. And through the tears, it became clear just what he had to do. Then, slowly, carefully, he pieced himself together. The only way out was up.
. You could have been hurt, or worse — killed.”
“Maybe,” Tony said. “But once upon a time, you also said dragons weren’t real, and if they were, they were nothing to be afraid of. Yet, here we are.”
“I said yes, that I was very comfortable here, with you.”
And then he flew home, prepared pot roast, baked apple pie, kissed his husband, asked about his day and slept till the very next morning.
“If this is about the other night – ”
“Talk too much,” Steve said, bringing his shield down on Killian’s head after catching it on its return.
“Why not?” Clint asked.
The captain stepped aside, inviting Tony to enter the house before him. At least he didn’t try to carry Tony over the threshold, driving home the fact that he was being married against his will.
“Steve!” Tony cried, and pointed his wing at the king, who was tied to a tree right beside the burning ones.
“I have a good idea, yes.”
“Thought you knew? I’m just a boy who wants to be loved.”
Tony bit his lip, trying to stifle a hysterical giggle. “Okay. Whatever you say. It suits you. I mean - you’ve always been a little long in the tooth, but now you just look positively ancient.”
“I am?” Clint asked, gleefully, as Sam heaved him to his feet.
“Who?” Steve asked, fingers frozen in the dip of his back.
“Exactly,” Thor said, his answer drowned out by the loud sounds of Tony choking on his coffee.
Steve shuddered as he recalled Tony’s solitary mountain fortress, all cold and uninviting, and felt his face heating up with shame as he reflected on his appalling behaviour.
“What'd you see?”
Maniacal laughter followed that deafening howl and through the smoke, Tony could see Obie pulling himself up. His hair was partially burnt and his body was covered in stab wounds from Tony’s dagger. “Not bad, Tony. But not enough.”
It was a beautiful summer evening with clear skies, so making out the constellations had been somewhat of a breeze.
“He had to follow them. How could he not? For his mother had read him the stories, and they all told of the same thing – that the will-o-the-wisps led one to –”
“I – uh – no. Not no. I’m not turning you down. I wouldn’t,” Steve insisted and mumbled something about three jobs and medical bills and a mountain of debt.
“As are you,” Sarah said as her gazed focused on him. “I get the feeling there’s iron in your spine, fire in your veins. And we’re family now. We take care of each other.”
“Read the report.”
This chapter is quite different because Steve wasn't in it, but I hope you noticed that he wasn't very far from Tony's mind. It's a shame this whole story is from Tony's POV so we can't really tell what Steve is thinking but I assure you he is drowning in a pool of pain and angst and suffering.
Tony nodded, acknowledging the alpha’s sincere but futile apology, before shutting his door for the night.
“I don’t see what the problem is. You, my friend, are about to marry the most desirable man in Armeria.”
Pietro, now also a dragon, was flying in circles around Thanos, and was still trying to rip the other rings from his claws.
“Then, think about it,” Peter said, as he placed his forelimbs around Tony’s head and turned it so he could see Steve walking in their direction.
“Nobody special though?” he probed.
“An honour to meet you, Captain,” Rhodey chirped brightly, excited at meeting his childhood hero.
“138 combat missions. That’s how many I’ve flown. Every one of them could have been my last. But the fight needed to be fought. And this - this is the fight of our lives.”
No names were mentioned but everyone knew of whom she spoke.
Tony dived, and kept his head down, neck stretched and wings close to his back so as to hasten his descent. The gap between dragon and rider was closing by the second. Even so, the tops of trees were already whizzing by his head as Steve plummeted, like a rock toward the ground, at a deadly speed.
“Told him what?”
It wasn't so long ago when the captain was a figure he read about in History books. He even did a project about him. He knew about his childhood struggles, the serum, the
Steve laughed as he held it above him, just out of Tony’s reach. “Yes,” he said. “But first, you were saying?”
“It’s a big one,” Tony teased.
“Thor Odinson,” Strange said, and flew toward the duo in his own cloak. “You can put the hammer down.”
Steve had been wounded by arrows, slashed by swords, pierced by spears. He prided himself on his tolerance of pain. And still, he wouldn’t wish his misery on his greatest foe.
He did.
“Did they surrender?” Bucky asked, as Nat leaned in to kiss his stubbled cheek.
Tony’s eyes drifted upwards to study the sun-kissed hair and brilliant blue eyes. With his finger, he traced the pink lips, appreciating the crescent of his smile. He gazed at the star of Steve’s uniform with the same focus he gave to his birthday candles and remembered how, many moons ago, upon those blue flames, he'd wished for the universe.
While the Raging Serpent had once flowed a beautiful emerald green, years of pollution and neglect had darkened its waters into a miserable grey-black. And just across the fast-flowing river, which was clouded these days with unknown dark matter, Tony caught his first glimpse of Dragonrocke, whose tower rose so high that almost all of it was shrouded in cloud.
Tony kissed the forehead of his precious husband. Steve felt wonderful, in his arms, and Tony wished for him to stay there forever, cherished and safe from all the dangers of the world.
Jarvis offered him a look of commiseration, patting his hand lightly. “Fathers and sons. It’s a difficult relationship to manoeuvre. On both sides. But time heals all wounds.”
“I’ll hold your hand,” Steve offered.
Tony cursed as he shot off, catching Steve just before he hit the ground.
The silver-blue dragon was fast. He came and went like a hurricane, often turning the wind against them to slow them down. His female companion, while nowhere as swift, had a different set of powers, which she demonstrated by bringing huge boulders crashing down with a purposeful flap of her wings.
There were memories he didn’t want to keep and new ones he wanted to make.
“I don't even know what I was thinking. You have never needed my protection. Look at you,” he said, waving in Tony's general direction. “Storming through the tower like a knight in shining - lab coat?” he added, after noticing his attire.
“Iron Man," he asked softly. "Who are you? Does anyone know who you are?”
“I think I did okay!” Tony said, and his eyes were flashing with hurt.
From across the room, Steve groaned, drawing their attention for a brief moment.
“You have a lightning tail. That is awesome, dude,” Peter shouted, while jumping away from the burning sparks that nearly scorched his feet.
It brought him back to a simpler time, before he was Iron Man, before they were even bonded. Right after they’d tied the knot.
The prince got quite red in the face, and he drew concerned looks from the entire breakfast party.
“King’s orders,” Rhodey said. “And you know how attached I am to my pretty head.”
It wasn’t that he didn’t want Steve. He did. And it felt like Steve wanted him too. He just had to tell him who he really was under all that magic, but Steve's swollen lips were constantly on his, which made it impossible to speak.
“We like to think that every star was once a soul, and each of them will always have a place in our hearts,” Steve told him, as he slipped into one of his melancholic moods. “A legendary hero like you might even have your own constellation someday. I might not live to see it, but when I look up and see
“You know who I am,” Tony breathed, trying to keep his (recently-fixed) heart from bursting with happiness and affection and love. Because Steve got him. He really, really did.
As far as feasts went, it was fit for seven kings. Long tables were laden with traditional dishes hailing from the seven kingdoms. There were roasted meats, platters of fowl, seafood drizzled in sauces, and no shortage of freshly-baked bread and fine cheeses, waterfalls of wine and streams of spirits that flickered with flame.
“I don’t. It’s for you, Tony. A space for you to do whatever it is you do. I won’t pretend to know anything about it.”
“But these drones he’s made,” he paused, sighing. “They’re only good for a salute. We just need you to give our friend a few pointers, so he can build the Mandarin an army. I know. Tough choice. You take a minute,” Killian said, smug smile on his face.
“I thought I was going to lose you again,” the alpha said, his voice showing the first signs of cracking.
Thanos smirked. “That’s still four more than you,” he said, before he brought his forearms together in a thunderous clap.
“Yeah,” he breathed. “You did it. You did it. I feel great.”
Tony grimaced. It sounded like torture. He preferred to start his days with something a little more sweet.
Steve put his arms around his back, and rested them at the small of his waist. “Don’t you ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, do anything like that again,” he said, softly. “If something happened to you, I would die,” he finished, as his chin came to rest on the top of Tony’s head.
. Jarvis had filled it out for him, even made him take a picture.
“Weapons?” Steve asked, looking at the large dragon cautiously.
infiltrate a highly-secure building, heavily-guarded by
Steve watched the rise and fall of Tony’s chest and listened for the faint beating of his heart. Then, he took the hand closer to him, cold and clammy and completely limp, and pressed his lips to Tony’s knuckles.
“Obie?” he gasped, as his mouth fell open. The last time he’d seen the disgraced knight, some ten years ago, he had
“Neither are we,” Nat informed him, and Steve turned his attention to the growing number of sea serpents surfacing around their deck, circling their ship with undulating motions in a monstrous whirlpool. They were green and scaly, like large snakes, but with red plumes, conical snouts and wide gaping maws…
Tony let out a whoop of joy and the others cheered, happy to go along with the change of plans.
“I don’t even know why. I hate
At this realisation, his stomach dropped, sudden and sickening, and he was running before he could hear the words he was leaving behind.
But Tony had to get the routine questions out of the way. “You don’t happen to have dead bodies or a dungeon in your basement by any chance, do you?”
"Thought you didn't like to be handed things," Steve muttered as he watched Tony tear the wrapping open.
They did not.
And Tony was still sobbing into his shoulder, oblivious to the inferno rising around them.  He was burning, with his skin was red and hot all over and Steve thought he saw a trickle of smoke escaping from his nose and mouth.  Steve pulled away, and placed the back of his hand against Tony’s burning cheek.
Tony stepped aside to grant her access to their home. As Sarah searched the cabinets for a tea set, Tony racked his mind for topics of conversation. Thankfully, the queen dowager was in no hurry to speak, content to set the table for breakfast - a combination of freshly-baked bread and fruit preserves, which was a welcome change from the suppers of stale bread and dried meat they had to make do with while travelling.
“It always ends in a fight,” they snapped, simultaneously, responding to Tony without taking their eyes off each other.
“For you, sir, always.”
“You-”
“You’re mine,” Steve echoed. “I promised to keep you safe. I pledged this to your parents, swore it at our wedding. You don’t belong in a battlefield, Tony. You’ll be safe at home.”
“.. kind of feels personal.”
Then, he fired up his blasters to take him to the control room on the upper deck, where he successfully switched the server blades.
“How can you know that?”
Tony allowed Killian to lead him to the elevator, which took them to the rooftop of the hotel. For a while, they quietly observed the traffic passing through Manhattan’s busy streets.
“Antarctica,” Strange informed him. “He’ll be a whi – ”
While he wasn’t under any illusions about finding the treasure that day, Tony couldn’t help but feel saddened about leaving the forest empty-handed, with no coordinates, no clues, no strategies, no options. Zero. Zip. Nada.
Clint had brought out the mandolin, which he was plucking cheerfully as he introduced the guests to their favourite dishes by way of song.
Obie laughed. “
“What happened,” Bucky asked, and there was an edge to his voice as his face remained unreadable in the dim light.
“Steve,” he called to the resident alpha sitting at the opposite corner of the workshop. “Can you lend me a hand? Actually, I think I’m gonna need both of them.”
“Did you model in Tokyo? Because she modelled in Tokyo,” Tony continued, scrolling through pictures of the redhead in lingerie.
, for the dragon featured in one of demigod’s twelve labours.
Tony lowered his head in what he thought was a bow. “What’s our play?” he asked, as he steeled himself for the confrontation ahead.
The dracafyre was especially stunning in his gleaming red and gold scales and Steve was always thrilled by his beautiful bursts of fire. For some reason, he reminded Steve of Tony in the morning, with his hair tousled and eyes bleary with sleep, looking adorable in his oversized robes.
Hulk grabbed hold of its tail, and slammed it against the ground. He repeated the action, slamming it on the other side. “Hulk can. Smashy. All day,” he said, as he tried to knock the serpent out.
“Winter is mine,” Natasha insisted, direct and to the point.
Tony gasped and pulled away, and indeed, smoke escaped from his nose and mouth as he stared at the spreading flames. “I’m sorry. I have to go,” he whispered urgently, as panic blazed in his eyes.
But Tony couldn’t sleep, not when he had something to say. He had to say it, even if it would cause an implosion that would lead to an infinite gravitational warp- a blackhole.
Overriding the PA system with
Inside the suit, Tony swallowed, “You know - who I am?”
With Happy behind the wheel, they drove the long, winding road through town, passing a number of familiar landmarks.
Steve felt his face crumpling and a sob escaped his throat. Those were Joseph’s own words to him when he explained why he had to leave them to fight in the Great War. “Because that’s what heroes do,” Steve sobbed.
“We miss you. Your father, especially, worries about you all the time. Wonders if you and Steve are getting along, if he is treating you right. He is, isn’t he?” she asked, looking him over to assess if he'd lost weight.
“Yes, please,” Thor said.
The design was a little clunky, Tony had to agree. “We’re trying to scale it down, but there’s not much we can do about the size of the bulb.”
He watched as Steve left, smiling at
“When Howard told me that you were going to be married, I put my name on top of the list, scratched all the other names out. The thought of someone getting you, without really getting you, made me physically sick. You shouldn't have to hide who you are. You can only be whoever you were meant to be."
“Hey, what’s wrong? Did something happen?” the alpha asked, instantly sitting up straight.
"Well, pests are frightful, of that I agree, but dragons are so much more than that. They're frightening," Steve decided. "At least in general."
“Right. Of course, he’s all the way up there,” Tony grumbled, as he glared at the open window near the highest point of the castle. “How the hell are we going to get up?”
? Because I’m trying to pick one up.”
Steve was a king, one who was famed for his acts of honour, duty and sacrifice. Of course, he’d do anything for his country, including marrying a man he didn’t love, so long as it meant peace for his people.
“How long before it takes effect?” Steve asked, rubbing his forearms at the places where they’d chafed.
Despite the giggles, they made it through the verse, before falling under the tall oak into a heap of chuckles. Amidst the laughter, Clint groaned. “I broke something.”
“And Tony too?”
“Hey, Tones. I have to go,” Rhodey said after getting off the phone. "Got an early start on my new job.”
It was there that Steve found his answer.
for the lovely cover art!
“Oh, this is nice,” Tony said, hugging them back.
Natasha’s voice came over the comms. “Guys, I can shut the portal down.”
“That’s why I don’t ask.”
“Look!” Peter whispered as he climbed onto the bed, pointing out the stones that were set in bands of dragonbone sitting on Tony’s slim fingers.
Steve slipped down the slimy head and plunged his spear into her forehead again to get a grip. The beast let out another howl of anguish, wailing as she rocked her head wildly to be rid of the pain.
Steve squinted, blinked and shook his head, as if unable to believe what he was seeing. “Tony?” he asked.
Tony felt his eyes closing to the sounds of muffled protests and pained sobs.
Tony had missed him so much, hadn’t seen him since their wedding, because he’d been deployed almost immediately.
A wistful smile tugged at the corners of his lips. At least he was keeping both the kids in the divorce. But judging from the condition of the penthouse, they might have to stay with Steve for a while.
, torching their base, together with billions of dollars of technology. His technology. Or theirs?
Tony got to his feet, not needing to be asked twice. “Our young hero looked around for the threat, as his mind whirred with questions, which were promptly answered by a thunderous roar from the skies,” he said, looking skywards as he imagined Steve to have done.
SHIELD had just declared war on the Avengers.
Thank you for reading this story. I hope you had fun. >_<
, with the wind in his hair as he rode the waves. Sometimes, he drifted off on an adventure, book in hand, but mostly, he just enjoyed gazing outside the window as he pondered the secrets of the universe.
amidst triumphant cheers. It was brilliant. It was wonderful. It was perfect. It was Hercules capturing Cerberus, it was Perseus slaying the gorgon…
And vanished from their sight.
The bubbling inferno raging inside began to simmer. Tony could never stay angry with Steve for very long, not with the way he looked when he made these heartfelt promises. “Then, come here,” he murmured, less gruffly, now that his heart had slowed to its normal rate. “Need you right now,” he added, and curled a possessive wing around his man.
He was jolted by the sight of Steve holding something he wasn’t meant to see. “Is this - Iron Man’s gauntlet?” Steve asked.
“Tony?” Steve said, eyeing him curiously. “What else have you been reading? Are you learning
Finally, Steve opened his eyes, blue lights framed by starbursts, and stared blankly at the ceiling. Slowly, they blinked, before stopping to focus the brilliance of a thousand stars on him.
And spat it right out.
“No,” Steve answered with some difficulty. “Nothing specific, but swift and decisive would probably be best.”
“Hey!” Thor protested, affronted by the insult to his family, as the rest exchanged knowing looks.
Tony kissed him lightly on his cheek, trying to cheer him up. “Nat will come around,” he said. “There is nothing like the world ending to bring the team together.”
“You’d have liked him,” Steve said, when he finished. “He was a great friend, a good person. The best kind.”
Tony’s wounds burned like fire, and he tried and failed to keep his balance, and finally fell backward into Steve’s arms. Black filled the edges of his vision as Tony felt himself being gently lowered to the ground.
“There is
Or something big for fifteen minutes.
He half-expected Steve to hear the ruckus and join them at some point, but there was still no sign of him after he’d served what had to be the hundredth flaming drink that evening. He did, however, find Sam and Bucky lying in a corner, looking ready to pass out.
Rhodey rolled his eyes, taking out the light like the marksman (and showoff) that he was.
Tony was just happy to be done with the meeting and was looking forward to some peace (even though it was going to put them out of business). He needed time to reconcile the sweet husband he married with this new Steve, who acted like a playground bully.
“Yes,” Tony said weakly.
Tony looked bashful as he approached him with the shield in his hand. It was one of those modern circular discs that you could throw, the striped outer rings painted red and white, and right in the middle, a single star against a blue background. “Will you keep this quiet? Didn’t make one for the whole team. Just you,” Tony said.
Tony took Steve’s hand. “It was you in the forest that day,” he said.
Through the billowing smoke, Tony could make out the stone arches of Rockehenge and the leafy tops of the Conewood Forest just beyond, and they stirred up memories that caused his heart to clench painfully in his chest.
Tony froze. What was Steve thinking, ruining the lovely evening they were having? Was he offering his parents a tour? Around their house? Where they would find out about their (separate) bedrooms? And the workshop? He thought it was meant to be their secret.
His phone rang. The call was from an unlisted number.
Thankfully, Dum-E, the cooking-cleaning-sewing-washing-and-now-lifesaving machine, handed him the old unit, which he used to power the new suit and go head-to-head with the old man.
“I’m a friend,” Tony assured him. “I will protect you and keep you safe.”
Tony knew the official story, about the Howling Commando and his courage, resilience and loyalty. A true friend, he stood by Steve, through thick and thin, and they were inseparable on both schoolyard and battlefield.
Next, he tried listing squared numbers: 1, 4, 9, 16, 25, 36, 49, 64, 81, 100, 121, 144, 169, 196...
Tony’s memory of the event was hazy, but he distinctly remembered the will-o-the-wisps, and how those glowing orbs of blue light had beckoned him into the woods that fateful night and led him to the prized jewel.
“No, I don’t!” the Winter Soldier shouted, releasing his neck to punch his right eye with the metal hand.
“This is my favourite food,” Steve said, deciding to begin with the small talk.
“A-beast-a-dino?” Tony said, deciding he would butcher the pronunciation.
Steve squeezed his hand before continuing.
Rhodey wasn’t alone. And Nick Fury wasn’t dead.
The setting sun cast a pink glow on Steve’s lightly-flushed cheeks and Tony realised how much he wanted to kiss those chocolate-stained lips. But he couldn’t – not now – not like this – if he wanted something more. Mess this up and there would be no second chances, no do-overs. So, first, he had to –
Tiptoeing towards the stairs, Tony noticed his husband wasn’t in his room. Further patrols informed him that Steve wasn’t in the house. This meant that deep reconnaissance was now possible, especially in the kitchen. During their tour, Steve told Tony to help himself to anything he wanted in the kitchen. So Tony decided to do just that. Dad would be proud. He was doing so well at following orders.
While Tony continued to keep his walls up, he opened the right doors for Wanda to find the right memories, deep and vivid, undimmed by the long passage of time.
“Saving-the-world is the biggest cockblock of my life,” Tony grumbled. “Why - does it get to come first?”
. The words echoed in his ears and rang of promise. For the prince to put aside his freedom for his people, it was no wonder that they adored him.
Obie stared uneasily into the mouth of the cave. “You first,” he said and pushed Tony ahead of him, keeping his sharp talons against his back.
It had started as a small fire on the ground floor unit of an apartment block, but soon spread to the higher floors, where thin wisps of smoke were billowing out of the half-open windows. Through the tears leaking out of his stinging eyes, Tony studied the flimsy stairs of the fire escape outside the building, which was riddled with loose bolts and stricken by rust. Although the internal stairwell was full of smoke, its structural integrity remained intact, so Tony made up his mind to keep it clear for the safety of escaping residents.
The scent hit him first. And then the voice, cold and hard. “Let him go.”
Tony would recognise the curved blade with red rubies encrusted on its sheath and scabbard anywhere.
“Thor’s taking a squadron down on Sixth.”
“What if?”
“You’ve come a long way for nothing then,” Tony said. “It’s not here.”
“There’s a lot to unpack,” Wanda said, as she sifted through the thoughts racing through his mind, filled with the day’s discoveries and the new ones he would soon make.
It dawned on him how very fortunate he was. Because his life had been blessed with all three.
“Alpha locked,” Steve said over the comms, indicating that things were going well on his end. “Thor, report on the Hulk.”
Steve nodded slowly. “I do,” he said. “Do you know that when he gets excited or upset, he speaks his mother tongue? He puffs up his cheeks when solving a problem and sticks out his tongue as he works.”
“Rigged up whatever I could find to blow.”
Tony rubbed the tip of his snout against the cheek of soft stubble. “It’s going to be fine. Today, we bring the fight to Thanos – and we’re gonna win,” he said, quoting quietly from Steve’s speech just moments before.
How Tony could bring himself to be involved in the training of dragons remained a mystery, and Steve was both envious and frustrated that his husband had volunteered himself for such a treacherous job. It wasn’t that he didn’t trust Tyranaksthon - he did. The dragon was caring and kind. More importantly, he'd kept Tony safe the other day on the island, and for that, he had Steve’s eternal gratitude.
His only regret was their strained relationship towards the end. If only he'd known their time together was to be so limited, he would have tried harder to be a little less difficult, a lot more understanding.
“Is that the end of the story?” Steve asked.
Tony sighed. "Hammer Tech," he said and Rhodey began to chuckle.
The moment the doors opened on their floor, they bolted.
Steve was up and in front of them in a second, shield up. “Tony, he’s coming. Eyes up. Stay sharp.”
Consequently, Steve also seemed to be getting better, becoming less aggressive and volatile.
"Yeah," Tony agreed. "That’s just a preview. What’s coming next is opening night. Loki’s a diva. He wants flowers. He wants parades. He wants a monument built in his sky with his name - - - ”
For a while, they sat down side-by-side and Tony just waited for both of them to catch their breath. In the silence, Tony's sensitive ears picked up the tell-tale sound of trickling blood. “You’re hurt,” Tony decided and looked closely at Steve.
“Yes,” Bruce said tersely.  “Now, we wait.”
But Tony refused to budge. “No, not without you,” he said.
“A sea monster of titanic proportions, the kraken has a beak of sharp teeth and eight tentacles, each the size of a full-grown basilisk, with suckers in place of scales. One must be careful not to cut these tentacles, for two more will grow in its place. The thick hide will hold against steel arrows, blades and spears. Even obsidian, noted for its potency against dragons, has no effect on the mighty beast.”
“Tony, you can’t just do these things without talking to me! You have to tell me stuff.”
He was a little sad when they all dispersed, returning to their newly-assigned rooms. However, he was looking forward to the next step. Steve was already dressed in his uniform, ready for takeoff.
“Who?”
While it didn’t have the calming effect that Tony wanted, it stopped the mindless pacing at least. “We should call this off,” Steve mumbled stiffly, and looked so miserable that Tony felt quite sorry for him.
“The king of serpents, the basilisk is a monster of titanic proportions. Gazing directly into his bulbous yellow eyes will petrify even the hottest-blooded warrior,” Tony began, reciting this knowledge from memory.
“Can you really live without a war?” Tony asked. "Sarah said you seek a beautiful death,”
The connection was cut. He only had the bond now, to say the words, the ones he’d been trying so hard to say.
"Of course I do. You're mi- most welcome."
He was only a mechanic. And fixing things was what he did.
“How are we going to get up? Are you even a dragon or not?” Steve teased, and climbed onto his back.
, keep him close and never let him go.
Tony tried to find comfort in the kind words offered to him, stories about his parents’ legacy. Their work had changed and touched the lives of so many around them. And now that their lives had been unfairly cut short, they would be mourned and missed.
Killian calmly placed his hand on Steve’s throat, and slammed him on the ground. He sat astride Steve’s torso, keeping his hand on Steve’s throat, which glowed with heat. “Take off the suit,” Killian said. “Take it off if you want to hear his voice again.”
“But?” Obie demanded and motioned for Ivan to lower Steve, much to Tony’s relief.
Tony was the biggest and brightest star in the universe. Steve had chased his light, blindly, but Steve was only a cloud of dust and hot air, in the way of Tony’s brilliance. Only someone like the dragon would be his match, and the two would burn brightly, as they circled each other in a never-ending dance of love and light.
. Such as -
He scrolled through close to a hundred names and their affiliations, reading the accompanying notes before making the connections. Unlike what they’d been led to believe, those on the list weren’t a threat to world security. They were a threat to HYDRA. And the organisation had been growing within SHIELD this whole time.
“I still make the gear for you guys,” Tony pointed out.
Thankfully, Bruce was near, and with the help of Nat and Clint, their little quartet managed to escort the intoxicated knights back to their chambers. Instead of returning to the feast, from which Steve was conspicuously absent, Tony chose to slip through the half-open doors of the library.
“Put on the suit,” he told him, his eyes twinkling in the moonlight.
It was just the sort of act to set him off.
Because Steve was right.
“It’s a special word for our kind, and not one that is lightly used. I have an impressive hoard, but this phrase, this term of endearment, is reserved for the one thing I can’t live without. It’s you. It’s always been you. You’re my treasure, the crown jewel of my collection. And since that very first time I saw you standing in front of the heartewoode tree, I knew I would defend you with my own life.”
He remembered the light, shining through the gaps in his faceplate, then flooding his vision. The first thing he saw was Steve’s tearful face smiling at him, telling him that they’d won. So, Tony smiled back, grabby hands reaching out for a hug, but the suit made it complicated.
Some things, those at the superficial level, were easy to relinquish. Trying new cuisines, watching the films one hated, studying a new subject required no real sacrifice. But it became harder, more painful and sometimes, even impossible to surrender the parts one held close, as they tried to forge connections at deeper levels.
“No,” he said. “I want you to be whomever you want. For as long as it makes you happy.”
If you see this story as having three acts, I would say the first act ended with the sixth chapter, with Tony and Steve making their marriage "real".
“JARVIS, where is Steve?” Tony asked, when he finally glanced up from the half-completed
“I’m sorry, my friend. You’re the only one who can make the antidote,” Thor explained. “But we’re out of tears, and without it, the poison will kill you.”
“So we’ll see you for dinner, all right? And then Coney Island tomorrow?”
Of course, he did.
Tony wasn't sure how to respond, so he stared blankly ahead.
“All life is precious, my friend,” Thor gently remarked. “Each in his way must serve the realm.”
before it lost its momentum and staggered on the last of its revolutions and came to rest on its side.
“What’s wrong?” Tony asked. “Trouble fitting in?” he added as he eyed Obie’s enormous wings. “Should have gone easy on all the meat,” he added, while looking pointedly at the dragon’s wide girth.
It was a precious commodity, one available only to the nobility, and at the highest of costs. Thus, it came as a surprise, when Lord Erskine had offered every last drop of his prized inheritance to Steve. The only thing he asked in return was a promise, that Steve stay who he was -
“We’re the guardians of the nine realms, the keepers of the stones,” Thor said, as he gave them a meaningful look. “Dragonstones,” he elaborated, when they continued to stare blankly at him. “I understand that three of them have recently come into your possession.”
Spring had come early that year, and small flowers were already blossoming on some of the plants. A squirrel scurried ahead of them, disappearing into the trees. And here they were, seemingly together, as they ambled across the carpeted grass, before coming to a stop in front of the heartewoode tree.
“Your highness, a genuine pleasure,” he said, barely sparing him a glance. “King Steven, you'll have to avoid a war at all costs. It would be a shame if something were to happen to any of your women or the lovely young prince?”
It worked - his ploy to keep Tony distracted and away from the Basilisk, but Steve hadn't expected to miss the moment when Nat drove her spear into the roof of the basilisk’s mouth, thus wounding it grievously. In response, the serpent let out a furious hiss and his jaw clamped down on Nat's arm, trapping it in his mouth.
"Yes," Steve said quietly, and as their eyes met, his blue eyes were burning so brightly that Tony thought he was looking at fire itself. He realised he could go on all day – watching this fascinating creature with the bright eyes and full lips and wonderfully-shaped hands he wanted to reach for and hold.
And sometimes, when Tony was feeling a little bold, he would slip in the odd item he really wanted. He hated himself for taking advantage of Steve’s kindness. But the temptation was just too great to resist.
And Steve was the sun, the moon and all of his stars.
He sighed, relieved, as the number of targets dropped from ‘645,427’ to just ‘3’, one of which they were standing inside of.
Obie’s body had returned to its human state, perhaps for energy conservation in his final moments. But the impact of his fall, coupled with the blood loss, proved to be too much. His blue eyes bulged out of their sockets, looking toward the sky. He wasn’t moving, wasn’t breathing, but what had to be the surest proof of his death was the glowing green scalestone that once belonged to him floating above his body - for a dragon was separated from their treasure only in death.
“Yes,” Sam agreed, and directed Redwing to her motionless body, with them watching in horror, their blood turning to ice, at the sight of their friend’s skin taking on a greyish hue.
“What was it?” he asked, inching forward to get a better look.
“Yes,” the dragon said, who went on to speak of special powers and medallions and spells and treasure.
“Who are you?”
“I’m sorry,” he said, as he pulled her in.
Tony wondered about that. The crying spells, angry outbursts, mood swings. If one didn’t know any better, they’d say Steve was turning into a human disaster like him.
The drive was protected by some sort of AI, which kept rewriting itself to counter his commands. But he was slightly smarter than the person who developed it.
“Let go of me,” Bucky said, pulling away, but Steve only held on, as if he could protect his friend from all the heartache in the world by keeping him in his arms. Bucky, though, was having none of that. “You’re in the way, Steve,” he warned, in a raised voice.  “Let me go.”
With these words, the firefighters were off, leaving the young hero in Tony's terrified hands. The smaller man was breathing, but barely, and his face was worryingly pale. Tony lowere him gently onto the ground. “What’s wrong?” he asked.
Anxious minutes stretched into hours, and despite their best hopes, Tony showed no signs of waking. It was only after an interminable wait, when it became clear that he wasn’t going to, that Lord Strange made a short statement to confirm their worst fears.
Steve laughed good-naturedly, his deep voice doing all sorts of things to Tony’s insides. “Only in name. Everyone knows you’re the boss.”
Tony took the proffered glass from Steve’s hands. Such strong, masculine hands. They’d feel so good on his skin.
“No, please, don’t. It’s really not necessary,” Steve assured him.
“Steve, I’m fine. I’m really fine. But I shouldn’t have asked you to do that. My bad. I’m sorry.”
“The boat. You have to get off this island,” Tony said.
And Steve was telling the truth about the party. It was okay, at least in the beginning. They had a drink, some food. The evening wasn’t going too badly at all.
The suit was fully charged and Steve could do it all day. But Killian was getting more and more fiery by the second, putting themselves and the occupants of the building in grave danger.
And that had always existed in any form.
Tony would have stayed on the spot for a lot longer if not for a familiar voice in his ear. “Welcome back, sir.”
Steve ran his fingers over the gilded words on the cover. “Mother used to read this to me.”
It was a beautiful afternoon and Steve enjoyed the wind in his hair and the sounds of hooves thundering down the pastures, kicking up dirt as budding trees whizzed by them. There were no words between rider and horse, just the occasional squeeze from Steve, answered by gentle swishes of the stallion’s tail.
The shield hit the underside of Obie's jaw, and it caused the dragon to step back. “Don’t touch him,” Steve growled, as the anger burned in his eyes.
Steve held the tome up to the light of a candle and began to read the words – those words that ignited a spark of hope. “You can wish for anything you want?” he breathlessly asked as warmth began to spread to the rest of his body.
He ditched the exuvia, leaving it behind in a pile of ashes and dust. The wrecked exoskeleton had served its purpose, given him his ticket out of hell. Now, he just needed to find his way home.
Tony glared at Pietro, whose eyes shone with mischief. “Dragonbone,” he said in amusement as he ran his fingers along the shield’s edge. “Magic metal and you’ve used it on a shield.”
Tony gasped as Steve stepped into the light, his face covered in gashes and scrapes. Tony would later find out a couple of ribs had been broken too. “What happened to you?”
“Well, we want to take the high ground.  So, let’s put the biggest gun up here.”
“You’re bleeding,” Tony murmured and pulled out a clean pocket square to dab at the small graze that marred his left cheek.
“I know I'm asking a lot, but the price of freedom is high. It always has been, and it's a price I'm willing to pay. If I'm the only one, then so be it. But I'm willing to bet I'm not,” Steve said, ending his speech with a rousing call to arms.
He really was.
A flicker on the screen informed Tony it was in fact just in time.
A pair of hot, burning arms enveloped him and he gasped, struggling to break free. He didn’t even need to turn his head to know who'd joined him.
Tony brightened up. Maybe he was giving himself too much pressure. He had attended these galas before. And dancing with Steve. That could be nice.
“Actually,” Tony began, looking at him uneasily. “I was hoping to be on the barges. Need to make sure it all goes smoothly, you know?”
“Seriously, jerk? You have to cut the left sleeves off all of yours?”
“No?” Loki asked, when no one responded, and went on, his eyes sparkling with mischief. “It might be just a story, but I’ve learned that if you tell a story to the universe so cosmically perfect, for a single, shining moment, the world would believe it - and that is all that matters.”
It had been months since he’d left Shieldberg, but not a moment passed without Tony missing the citadel, his new friends, and –
Steve raised his brows at Bucky in a challenge. “Eleven, twelve, thirteen…”
“All right,” Tony said, as he forced his heavy legs to move. “Let’s go.”
Peeking through the lace canopy, Steve quickly found Tony seated at the small wooden table beside the window, having breakfast, and the sight of Tony eating, talking and laughing with his family caused his heart to sing.
Rhodes stepped in front of him. “Tony –”
“Or, you can go to hell,” Tony said as he sliced his hand off with the blade Rhodey had slipped into the lab coat. He stabbed him a couple more times for good measure. “You take a minute,” he huffed, before grabbing the shield and his backpack.
“You mean the night when you saved my mother from being shot?”
“What if you’re wrong?”
“You okay?” Tony asked, and glanced over his shoulder to check on Steve, who nodded, looking unharmed, albeit slightly shaken. Truly, it was fortuitous that he’d thought to raise his shield in time, which had saved them both from the deluge of acid rain.
Tony stood in front of Thanos, as he tried to find an opening, which was close to impossible, with Steve and Pietro constantly moving.
Steve had been a
“I don’t know, Tony,” Rhodey said, with a heavy sigh. “I just got out of the military.”
Steve frowned and opened his mouth to say something but Tony was already cutting him off. “Show me,” he demanded, as he held his hand out.
Tony raised a brow. “Your best views, eh?” he teased, and Steve had to bite back a laugh when he caught Tony staring shamelessly at his rear. “Or you know what? We could race?"
“You're staying in the tower, right?” Tony asked.
. How could he be, when they’d only just met?
“Yup, and you can also fly,” Steve answered, handing the targeting blade to him. “So, go. Finish the mission. I can hold him off.”
Sadly, time was running out. It was just months until his 25th birthday, which was all the time he had to find a mate. Failing to do so would have the government stepping in to assign him one from a pool of omegas who’d similarly failed to secure a marriage – because their priority was to facilitate new marriages and repopulate a war-stricken nation, never mind the need for truly-compatible mates to build stable homes on the foundations of true love and shared values.
“Tony is right where he needs to be,” Tony said around the lump in his throat. Tears pricked at his eyes, forcing him to turn away abruptly. This was not the time to have a breakdown.
to someone who looked and smelled like Steve. He just hated how he'd been robbed of his choice.
“Not mad, my child. I do worry sometimes, yes,” she assured him, gently running her hand through his hair. “But you always make me proud.”
Anguisia (Hydra's constellation) - Thanos' nation
Steve shrugged. “You’re my responsibility too,” he said.
Laughing, Steve turned him on his side and wrapped his long, strong arms around his body, pulling him closer to his chest. “What about now?”
For some time, they watched the sunset from the cliff. Steve wished they could linger, but the light was fading and it would soon get chilly. They had to catch up to the cavalcade, and make camp for the night.
“It’s me,” he gasped.
“None. They’re all intact,” Steve told him.
“Tony made it for me,” Steve said, almost preening.
“Mark VII. It’s almost done. I’m just exploring the option of having the suit envelop my- his body spontaneously by way of magnetism. I could have it attach to an accessory, something he could wear, preferably all the time.”
It just didn’t feel right. He didn’t owe anyone an explanation. He was doing his best and that was all that anyone could do. They just needed to know one thing and it was the truth.
Please note that very bad stuff happens to Tony here (because of bad people, not Steve). It's Afghanistan stuff, very similar to what's in the Iron Man film but please proceed with caution.
Steve cleared his throat loudly. “Lord Strange, is there anything you can do about this?” he asked.
“Surprising, huh? One would think having multiple mates increases their reproductive success.”
“You want to have kids? With me?”
Steve nodded. “Where’s Tony now?”
,” Sam said, and the mention of Captain Carter’s warship raised a few brows. Nat’s eyes, however, stayed on her blade.
“Just can’t seem to stay dead, can you?” the monster remarked and his steely voice pierced the chilly silence, sending shivers down Tony’s spine.
“It was you,” Wanda hissed, pointing her finger at her father’s murderer. “Father changed his mind about the humans, and you had him killed. You even had us think it was Stark! You lied!”
“I’ve got this,” Peter shouted. “Go save the king.”
happening! I am invincible!” Thanos roared, and his eyes glowed purple with rage.
to help
Tony laughed at the verity of that statement. It didn’t mean that things were instantly all right between them. There were a number of words they needed to have. A few compromises to be made. And a lot of forgiveness to go around. But the ring was so pretty and right there and no one was looking and he was only going to try it on for size.
“What we did was to save your life.”
A N T H O N Y R A K S T
“So, we’re just giving up? We’re just going to let him die?”
What Erskine had seen in that frail kid from Brookland had always mystified him. Would the old mage have lived to regret his choice? The potion changed his body. It changed his life, and had given him a way to contribute to a greater cause. But was that what Erskine had intended? It wasn’t as if the king of a small kingdom could do much in the midst of gods and sorcerers and dragons.
The transformation began as he slept. Bit by bit, they broke him down, stripping away the excess and leaving behind only the essence.
“Devastatingly beautiful,” he told her, without missing a beat.
. Bucky. Sergeant Barnes. James Buchanan Barnes. Only Howling Commando to give his life in service of his country. Steve’s presumably dead best friend.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Md9WtLwaODU
Noting the urgency in his voice, Steve, who was hanging off the ledge, hauled himself back into the control room. The rotors were spinning so quickly now it was impossible for Tony to escape without help.
Ivan smirked as he lunged for Steve and picked up the king before either of them had time to react. The dracastrom held a struggling Steve in the air, cursing loudly as Steve struck his knuckles with his shield. “Remember now?” Ivan growled, as he swung a sparking tail terrifyingly close to Steve's face.
“I don’t care,” Steve said. “Do it.”
The scales on his arms began to vanish, and turned back into his honey brown skin, which was the welcome result of a few days of bathing in the sun. He felt the horns receding into his head, the teeth getting shorter, and his tail disappearing into his body.
“Here. Drink this. It might help.”
With Steve’s attention on his men, Tony could finally gaze openly at him, without the fear of being caught. It had the makings of legend – the sickly son of a farmhand, rejected from the armed forces, having proven himself in word and deed, to rise through the ranks and become one of the most powerful men in the seven realms.
“They don’t understand,” he said, as he muffled his sobs into her shoulder.
Tony swallowed painfully, already missing his sweet husband. “Good. I don’t want to throw up on your - ” were his last words before the suit began to freeze and communications became patchy.
want to help
Notable citizens include: Steve, Bucky, Sam, Bruce, Clint, Natalia (after defection)
Finally, it was a jet of fire to his midsection that brought Tony to his knees. He tried to get a last shot in, but the emperor surged forward, and easily avoided Tony’s fire to wrap his large claws around Tony’s neck.
Glancing at the monitor, he spotted Bakaar rounding up civilians.
“Why?” he asked, and offered him a smile. “A victory should be honoured with revels.”
“Said we didn’t want Tony on the team,” Clint explained. “Which, by the way, isn’t true,” he added, for Tony’s benefit. “And he took his suit,” he finished, adding to the charges.
The spell summoned durable bands, which bound the trolls and stone-giants to one another, and made it increasingly challenging for them to move.
glowing faintly from behind Tyranaksthon’s plaque. Pressing the medallion between his palms, he could feel its magic flowing into his body. He barely managed to get it over his thick neck so the magic could flow directly into his heart.
“No, you’re right. It isn’t,” Tony agreed, lowering the gun. “It’s his,” he said, tilting his head in Rhodey’s direction.
Above them, the silver dracanix continued to hover, extinguishing new fires and providing support whenever possible. Together, they kept the fires from spreading, but the enemy kept up the assault and before long, new fires were starting faster than they could be put out.
But Steve was shaking his head in protest. “He’s just a kid from Brooklyn.”
“I’ll bring a lamp,” Steve said.
Returning the previous night after a long week of riding, Tony had fallen into a deep slumber. Now, awake and well-rested, he could better appreciate his new lodgings and his own bedchamber. Tony had assumed that his new status as a married man came with someone to share a room with, if not a bed, but maybe this arrangement was another Valorian tradition - to wait or something along those lines. There was still so much he had to learn about his new country.
Tony worked carefully to forge the small amount of metal he had into its desired shape. There was no room for mistakes. After a painstakingly long wait for the metal to set, he held in his hands the perfect weapon. Light enough to throw, heavy enough to hurt and completely vibration absorbent. Made from the rarest metal on Earth. The only one of its kind.
The grief surged within him and overflowed as hot tears. They rolled off the sides of his cheeks and onto the ground, mixing with the rain before they disappeared into the soil. Through the tears, he could still see the deep gash against the trunk filling up quickly with red sap.
Things with Bucky had been awkward at first, but apologies were (sincerely and profusely) made and forgiveness was given. Still, Tony had to look away every time the arm came into view.
Nat’s eyes never left her spinning blade. “Is he going to have trouble? Coming back?” she asked.
“Look!” Tony shouted. “I know you trust me, but you’re taking the idea of a trust fall way too far!”
was launching in three days. The Winter Soldier was out there. Hammer’s drones could present a threat. But they were going to beat them. Together. They wouldn’t lose. But in the unlikely event that they did, they’d do it together too.
Only for Clint to tackle him roughly from behind. “It’s Lila’s birthday next month and we’re having the party right here. Any chance of Iron Man making an appearance? And not just a flyby but maybe some mingling?”
There were glad tidings to be shared. The construction of the East-West Pass had cut travel time between Ferrecita and the Mines of Auria into half, bringing estranged families closer.
“Icing problem?”
Steve nodded. “Peace in our time,” he said and turned his shield around, so the back was facing up.
“Hello,” Bucky called out as Tony approached. “I’m Bucky,” he said.
“Was it worth it?” Wanda asked bitterly, releasing Steve from her magic to direct her pain and anger to where it belonged.
Tony had thrown a tantrum, refused to eat or sleep, insisted he wanted to be guarded by the Winter Solider and only him. Then, when the lights went out, he whispered the same words to him and then some.
fire him up some more.
“Don’t touch me!” Steve warned, as the dragon loomed close.
“I christen this delicious creation, the king of sandwiches, the shieldberger,” Thor announced, after having a bite of his, raising his sixth cup of coffee in a toast.
“Tyranaksthon – the Tyrant’s stone. Who do you think you are? A boulder? A stumbling block? All you are is a stone in my shoe. You rise, only to fall. You’re my meteor, my swift and terrible sword that will plunge the seven kingdoms into darkness. And when the dust settles, all that will be left is the homo draconi.”
“They do,” Coulson agreed. “And you’re going to find them all.”
“Oh my God! What are you doing?” Tony exclaimed, when he caught Clint putting coffee grounds in the disposal.
Upon hearing the light footsteps padding into the cave, Tony quickened his pace, his head spinning. He had to get to the medallion before Steve found him. And there was still the problem of his clothing, which had ripped when he had changed.
“They’re killing themselves,” Clint observed.
Steve wanted to say.
“On the way to the helicarrier. Fury invited him. Said it would be good for you to have your mate close. Also wanted to see if he could help Dr Banner track the tesseract.”
“I’ll have some of whatever you’re having,” Thor decided, after catching a whiff of Tony’s cup.
But his nightmare had only just begun.
Clint snorted. "So were you."
“What are you bringing the army into this? I don’t care about any of that. I’ve got my own issues – a long laundry list of character defects .” Tony cleared his throat, blustering on, “Maybe the real question is why would you want to be with me? You should think about that, but not too hard. And don’t believe everything you read,” Tony added, as he hastily shoved an incriminating tabloid with his face on the cover under his briefcase.
“I am now.”
“You’ve fought me, remember? I won.”
He couldn't see the steel backing, but he knew the words, engraved them himself. He wondered how many times Steve read those words, as he searched for him, all over the world.
“Iron Man,” Steve greeted, standing beside him.
"Well, I wouldn't call them pests."
Steve was seated on Tony’s back, and his arms were wrapped loosely around his neck. The king rode dragons the way he rode horses, and his highly-developed sense of balance allowed him to ride unharnessed and unhindered.
“You believe that?” Tony asked.
The emperor’s hard features softened into a smile. “It’s love, then, I see. I’ve done some foolish things in the name of love. But you must know – that this love you have, is doomed. There is no future with him, but if you join us, you will find others - just like you.”
He wasn't going to make the weapon for them. If they were the terrorists he thought they were, there was too much blood on his hands already. He wouldn’t never be able to wipe it out, wash it away.
A second dragon, covered in shimmering purple scales appeared above a sleeping Rex, with his sharp claws raised to strike. “They named him Thanos, because he was created to bring death to the greatest creature who ever lived, to collect prized parts of his body to serve as relics of magic. Knowing that he was no match against the celestial dragon, Thanos plotted to slay Rex in his sleep, so as part of the ultimate revenge, Rex prevented Thanos from getting his hands on them by turning his decaying organs into hundreds of crystals, which rained down on the universe.”
Thanos followed suit, and wings of purple sprouted from his shoulders.
which allowed the sorcerer to ponder the mysteries of the universe,
“We’ve had one, yes. What about second breakfast? Elevenses? Luncheon? All those other things that precede tea?” Steve said, refusing to let go.
“Yeah. I’m not ready for that.”
With his suit’s supersonic capabilities, he could fly in, obliterate their bases, and be back by lunch.
It was almost a relief to see Ferrumarx amidst the snow-capped mountains, with its steely spoke barely visible above low wisps of cloud. Up there, in his fortress and sanctuary, was where time stood still, for the mountain cared neither for the hours nor the minutes that passed it by.
“Where are we going?” Tony asked.
Tony frowned. “Did he say anything?”
Steve and Tony host some surprise visitors, who explain the origin of the dragonstones. Tony reveals his secrets with disastrous results.
told me to take care of the nuke!”
“No one?” the alpha growled, truly offended now.
Steve brushed away the perspiration trickling down his temples, wondering if the prince liked puddles, because he was melting into one. Then, a familiar arm was around his shoulder and holding him together. He didn’t even have to look up. “Bucky,” he sighed and leaned into the touch.
It was there, on the throne of blackstone, almost entirely gilded in silver leaf, where they found the Emperor Thanos. Despite having lost some weight and looking somewhat more frail than the last time they’d seen him, those violet eyes glowered with smug confidence as the dragon rose from his throne.
He was in the Mark VII. It was a childish thing to do. But the suit always made him feel safe, and powerful. He was gearing up for an uphill battle, one he wasn’t sure he’d win. And if he lost, he’d have to surrender it to the powers that be.
“He’s
“Nat and you.”
It was going to be fine. He’d practised. He just needed to lean over and press his lips against this smaller set of soft, pink pillows. The prince’s warm breath was against his skin and his eyes were already closed.
“Yes, Yes,” he said quickly. “Ow!” he shouted again, when his head hit a protruding rock this time.
“It is me,” Tony said. “You don’t have to be afraid. I won’t hurt you.”
Steve pulled the breadcloth decisively over the basket and clutched it to his chest. “These are for Tony,” he informed the famished beast.
“Nah,” Bruce sang, grinning deviously at the frustrated alpha. “We are your family.”
Tony sighed heavily. “J,” he called, addressing the AI. “Can’t you get food organised for the captain? You’ve got his schedule. You know when he’s around.”
Steve studied him closely for a while more before speaking. “Time for home? Unless you’d like to go back to the garden?”
“He’s special,” King Howard finally said. “And we will grieve in his absence. But the oracle, Lord Strange, has spoken. And for some reason, he thinks – our boy is the chosen one.”
Tony bit back a laugh as Steve placed a tentative hand, fingers stiff, around his waist. They moved slowly, in sync with the melody, and Steve was content to let Tony lead.
. Surely, it required more magic than all the stones his treasure chest could hold. And his hoard was already enormous, a big problem he’d have to sleep on for now. Grunting with effort, Tony heaved the chest under the bed and had almost got it out of the way before the interruption.
“Steve,” Bruce finally said, as he gently took his arm. “I know how much Tony means to you. And while Tony now has five dragonstones, we’re still missing one. We could go on a hunt, but you’re still recovering. You’re in no condition for a quest.”
Steve’s face softened. “Come here,” he said, pulling Tony into his arms for a brief hug.
Bruce nodded. “He needs you, Steve.”
been a dragon.
been a heartewoode tree, exactly like that. “You know the rest,” he said, which was Tony's.
“But here's the thing. You did the wrong thing. Everyone does, sometimes. I don't judge people on their worst mistakes. Neither should you. And, you know, being away from you made me realise something. In this crazy business we're in, there's no one else I want to fight with. I never had a choice. But if I did, I would choose you. In a hundred lifetimes, in a thousand different worlds, I'd find you and I'd choose you. Every single time."
“I'm fine,” Steve snapped, and proceeded to hide his hand behind his back.
“We’re dealing with powerful magic,” Lord Strange reminded her. “We can’t always predict how it would react to our treatment.
He didn't cry when they took his glasses, reasoning that it was better than having them shatter when they roughed him up. It also blurred their hideous faces, instantly improving the aesthetics of the cave.
!” he sang happily as he showed the
It was closed.
“It’s going to be okay. We’ll have a couple of drinks, some food. I think Pepper ordered those mini cheeseburgers you liked. We’ll chat with your investors. If you want, we can even dance. Do you know how?”
“How to invoke the spell?” Pietro asked.
Tony and Bruce had to start from scratch. Rough out a tracking algorithm based on cluster recognition from the data gathered from all the gamma-calibrated spectrometers they had access to. Unless they could piece together the clues from all their interactions with Loki.
“Ah,” Steve found himself saying, as he mounted his horse, both relieved and disappointed.
“No...” Tony murmured, shaping his perfect mouth into the perfect “o” of dismay.
“Tesaurimea,” he said, as he took Steve’s hand in his. “You know what it means.”
Steve felt his cheeks heating up. “I had him on the ropes,” he said.
Tony touched his hand, squeezing it softly. “Okay. Okay. You’re good. You’re good. I’m good too. I will be. You just have to switch them now. NOW.”
It was a sweet, melodious sound, and Steve wished to hear it again. And again. He knew he would do his best to make him laugh like that, every day, for the rest of their lives.
? While he waited for another alpha to take him off the shelf. Someone who might hurt him. Someone who wouldn’t look amazing in small clothes. Someone who wouldn’t smell like blueberry pancakes. One of Dad’s friends. Someone like Obadiah Stane. Or Alexander Pierce.
“It’s nice,” Steve said.
He never even once looked back. He’d come full circle. The circuit was complete.
