The light grew so bright that Dean had to raise an arm to shield his eyes. Wind swept around the outer perimeter of the mandala without touching either of the two at the centre. Dean could hardly hear their voices any longer, didn’t know if they were still incanting the spell.
Dean shrugged, mouth twisting briefly. “Stopped going much. Makes me think of Sam,” he answered. “Stanford. I used to like it, I guess.”
“Yeah, thanks,” said Young Dean. Dean didn’t mention anything about the drinks now, nor the ones from the day before. He wasn’t here to intervene, to cut Young Dean off point-blank. Firstly, it wouldn’t work; secondly, he didn’t know what exactly the problem was; and thirdly, Young Dean would get strong-headed and never trust Dean with anything again.
As Young Dean settled in at the table with Sam and Cas, Dean wondered if he was even the best person to try and get through to the kid. Cas, of anyone, could likely just train a look on Young Dean and have him baring every secret. Granted, Young Dean had his own version of Cas and Sam that he saw all the time. Maybe he wouldn’t be so susceptible to these two, when he had his own to look after. Perhaps he’d even built up an immunity to Cas’ imploring gaze and disarming sincerity.
When he opened them again it was to a dark motel room, Cas passed out cold in the bed opposite, breathing softly. Dean’s limbs were cramping up, his torso spasming, particularly around his stomach. His arm was bad too. He dimly recalled Sam saying that the side-effects of the antivenom would be uncomfortable, potentially quite painful, but that meant it was working.
He didn’t want to worry Young Dean either. While Cas and Sam covered a lockbox in demon- and angel-proofing sigils to transport the egg without detection, Dean lay in a dingy motel bed, with Young Dean sitting at the foot of it. Young Dean looked dejected. He still had blood in his hair, bruises on his ribs. There was no saving the coat they got him, though Dean wished he could pass it back to the past as a simple gift. That kind of thing wasn’t allowed, though.
“We know, Dean,” said Sam. “Now both of you, sleep it off. Dean, keep a radio on. We might not have cell coverage up there, but I’ll broadcast out if things go sideways.”
The bed had been slept in, but remade neatly. Young Dean’s backpack wasn’t there. Nor, of course, was Young Dean.
He looked around at the three other faces. Sam nodded, looking pensive and cautiously hopeful. Dean seemed to accept the words with the air of a shrug. Cas sat back in his seat, half-drunk beer bottle curled in one hand against his chest. He hadn’t spoken much, watching Young Dean the entire time with a considering yet fond-hearted expression. Young Dean cast his eyes away. The other two were easier to look at.
He looked around the diner. It was 1998 and they were deep in the Bible-thumping heartland of America, driving past evangelistic road signs that spoke of Hell and sin and judgment. If anyone overheard this, they might wrest Dean from the diner and finish what John started.
“I don’t give a damn about Sam’s spooky doppelganger line,” said Dean, pocketing his room key and patting his pocket for his wallet. “Anyone asks, you’re my kid. Regular chip off the old block.”
“It says that the Dark Watchers are hungry,” said Young Dean. “But they will not feast on us if we will help them.”
“No? Oh man. You’d hate it,” said Sam. “It’s like a hippie, neo-Pagan wedding, basically. Panpipes. Robes. Dubious understandings of Celtic rituals.”
“It’s the cost of being cared about,” said Cas. And then, deliberately, “I love you, Dean. I never want to see you hurt.”
“Nothing like it,” said Lanie, stretching out her legs to rest across Wallis’ seat. She didn’t look at Dean, though. Her gaze was likewise directed outside, though the pair of them were out of sight. Lanie chewed on the edge of a thumbnail. “I was on a hunt, though. One of those bad ones, you know? False leads, wrong weapons, people dying and dying around you because you can’t get there fast enough.”
“You’re a flowers kind of guy, huh? I’ll have to tell Dean that. Make sure he remembers for birthdays and Valentine’s.”
“Dean, I wouldn’t lie to you,” said Cas. “Any version of you. And certainly not about something like that. You’re a good man.”
“Humans aren’t actually supposed to know our futures,” said Dean. “We don’t want to know what’s really ahead. We just think we do.”
Jack stopped at the edge of the bonfire pit, nudging an ashy chunk of wood with the toe of his shoe.
Dean gave another faint nod, then took a drink from his beer. They always succeeded, and the Arimaspians weren’t much compared to what they’d faced off against in the past, but the prolonged uncertainty left him antsy.
“Eileen?” said Young Sam, looking around at the others. “Is that my girlfriend? Her name’s Eileen? Dean wouldn’t tell me anything about the future.”
“He’s gotta be close by, that’s a given,” said Dean. His relationship with Cas hadn’t removed his lifelong dependency on his brother. But he wanted good, healthy things for Sam, too. He always had, but especially now that Dean was finally finding them in his own life.
The trees formed a perfect circle here, as if they sought to avoid whatever poison stood at its centre. Eli paused at the edge, took a deep breath he didn’t need, then stepped in. “There’s seven of them,” he said, pointing around the outside of the circle. He bowed his head, gaze on the ground as if he didn’t want to look.
“So when do we go griffin hunting?” Young Dean asked, reaching for the coffee cream, only to be stopped by Dean seizing it first to doctor his own coffee. Young Dean had to roll his eyes.
Young Dean, and he had held Cas’ hand and felt intense and passionate and stupid over him. Dean had, in his past, visited the future and met Cas twice over.
Dean nodded slowly. “That portal you got,” said Dean. “If we were to go through it, I’d be able to come back here? No funny business or time slips?”
Young Dean lifted his head from where it had been buried in Past-Cas’ shoulder. He saw what Dean did. What the angels couldn’t. A Dark Watcher stood directly in front of the Impala. Seven-feet tall, featureless, standing straight, yet braced on a long black staff. It had no more definition than a shadow, yet it took up physical space, like the negative form of a person. Void instead of presence.
Darkness fell as Sam drove them up the mountain, scaling gravel roads that turned into rough logging trails, until the trees and snow grew too dense and cut them off entirely. It was cold this high up and they had to dress for it. Hats and gloves, sturdy boots, warm and waterproof clothes.
It had always been Dean’s job to look out for others and save lives without expecting the same in return. His duty alone, because he was the one who had to compensate, somehow, for all his faults and failures and sins. He’d rarely been looked after in turn, and seldom understood it when someone like Bobby treated him well with no motive or agenda. That didn’t mean he never wanted it. The chasm between what he felt he deserved and what he wanted had been so wide he could barely see across it. But these days, ever since he started talking with his younger self, the other side was coming into sight. To dream that the two sides would fully meet seemed too much to ask, but perhaps in places they’d come close. Perhaps one day a bridge wouldn’t be out of the question.
Cas didn’t say anything. His face was not stony, but still. Finally he uttered, “For what sin could I have lost my grace?”
That probably made Dean a pretty terrible father-figure. Cas didn’t even need to be on the planet for Dean to feel his disappointment echoing through the cosmos. It wasn’t till after Jack did the spell, after Dean and Sam found him half-dead on a barn floor in Pontiac and saw the toll it took on him, that Dean understood what Jack really meant to him. What he wanted to be to Jack. That this kid was fragile and sensitive and goodhearted despite everything that had been asked of him in his short life. That Dean wanted to look after him.
Dean made them oatmeal for breakfast, stirring in peanut butter in the hopes that it would fill them up more and stave off hunger until lunch. He still had some money left and had scouted out a place with a real cheap soup and sandwich deal, free coffee on the side. He didn’t mention his lunch plan to Sam, because it would be a nice surprise, and besides, knowing about it would make waiting a torture. Dean couldn’t stop thinking about sinking his teeth into a real chicken sandwich, even as he scraped the last grain of oatmeal out of his bowl.
Cas barely contained his amusement. His hand dropped down to Dean’s wrist, still holding him in place so he wouldn’t charge after their younger selves. “I thought you’d be tired of keeping an eye on him. They’re probably just taking in the view.”
“I almost forgot about that egg,” said Young Dean. “And it’s the whole reason I came here. Do you think Sam still has it?”
“You can try—” Scuffling along the downhill path, the fight had no bite in it, but even as they laughed they could be rough with each other. Dean tried to pull Young Dean’s flannel over his head, and Young Dean managed to get them both to the ground with a well-timed leg-hook takedown.
“You said you know me. You asked if I remembered you,” said Cas. He looked down at himself. “You must have me mistaken for this human form you’ve assigned me. Who was he?”
“If I hadn’t seen what I did in Tír na nÓg, you know, I’d never have believed this guy,” said Holden, twisting back towards Young Dean. “But since then, he’s had me tracking down angel sightings. I had to become some kind of a believer. That’s what I called you about, actually.”
“We can’t hurt the people he’s got with him, even if they might try to go after us,” said Young Dean. “They ain’t monsters, they’re under his control.”
Dean hadn’t entirely forgotten that Crowley could be such an aggravating bastard, but it was something different to see him back in full swing.
“Yeah. Dean.” Sam looked over at his actually-older older brother, then back at Young Dean. “Yeah. Alright. This is weird.”
“Dean,” said Sam, hyperventilating, but keeping his focus on Dean’s face. “Tell me what’s wrong. I can’t feel anything.”
They read through the afternoon, making multiple stacks of notes on the different potential meanings and powers of this Abrasax and what it might have to do with a griffin egg. The angels served for the bulk of the translation work, and got through more reading than anyone else could. Whenever Dean got tired of reading he’d pace and posit arguments.
Somewhere in the course of Young Dean’s account of the Fisher King, Cas fell asleep in his wicker chair, head tipped to the side. Dean found himself watching, not out of concern, merely thoughtful. They’d talked between themselves about Cas’ fading grace in recent months. Dean’s instinct was that Cas oughtta be careful, should only resort to using it in life-or-death situations. Cas disagreed. He knew little more than Dean did about how long it would last or whether it would ever recover, but he didn’t want to be stingy with it. If it was a finite resource, so be it. Whether time or use would take the last of it away, he could at least ease some suffering in the present.
Cas looked at him for a moment in long consideration. “Dean, that might be something that’s existed in you all along,” he said. “But I can let you remember that comfort. Even if you will never recall the details.”
That Dean and Sam had treated him just the same, even inadvertently, cut into him. Young Dean would never have taken Cas for granted. Cas wasn’t something that existed only when he had a use for him or a desire to quench. He wasn’t something to relegate to the back burner when other things came up. He wasn’t merely an angelic fallback when a situation got too hairy, not just a solution to a problem. He was so much more.
“Actually,” said Dean, unable to forget he said anything, “that’s not what I’m trying to ask. I know we’re going back. What I’m saying is, which one do you prefer? Do you like being like this more or do you like the way it was in our world, almost human?”
Dean flipped through his hunter’s journal, passing some pages in his dad’s hand, some in Sam’s, some in his own. There was a note halfway down one of these in a different writing altogether. Cas picking up from where Dean left off. A case from years before.
Past-Cas kept his hands on the egg, but his fingers shifted to cover Young Dean’s. Young Dean smiled through his words, never dropping rhythm, and Past-Cas mirrored the smile back faintly. Where their hands touched became brightest of all.
Sam straightened to stand, hair still sticking up a little wrong. “I dunno,” he said. “He’s not the same as he was, but it’s been two years for him, since he was here. And his world’s different than ours was. It won’t map onto what we remember. Timelines have changed. He was talking about me going to school yesterday. Almost sentimental about it.”
“Then he should have specified in the contract,” said Crowley. “This is the angel Castiel. My help with the portal—which, I might add, came at the cost of psychologically damaging family reunions—brought him into the world. You two will have to sort out amongst yourselves how to proceed from here. Maybe you can swap weekends, or take halves. I’m sure you’ll think of some solution. Feel free to send pictures.” He stepped back, ready to leave with the last word. “I’m just a businessman, Dean Winchester. A contract’s a contract.”
Sam nodded his head mutely. What were you supposed to say in return to that? To someone who looked at you so generously and sensitively? Cas knew him. Cas cared enough to understand him, to think about him, to speak with him from the heart. It was the kind of thing, theoretically, you were supposed to hear from a parent. Sam picked his thumb against the paint on the door frame and cleared his throat. “Okay,” he said. He started to turn to the kitchen for his glass of water, but stopped himself and made himself speak before he could shy out of it: “You’re really cool, Cas.”
It threw Jack back into the sand, and might have killed him if he were a little more human, and if he weren’t on Heaven’s cosmically powered plain. And it might yet have pulled him apart if Chuck had only a few more seconds left to it. If he hadn’t been hit by the force of Amara, double-powered, grand and terrible. Not disabled by Jack’s power, but enhanced by it. Not just unloading one weapon for the fight, but upgrading another.
Dean sank into his seat again, casting a critical look at Jack’s phone as the kid typed in another text message. Dean didn’t need to ask the question aloud, his raised brow doing all the heavy lifting. Dean and Jack had been on the road long enough that they were like him and Sam when it came to cases. Sometimes a little short with each other, tired and restless from all the moving around. Jack had developed more of an attitude since becoming human.
“I just mean…” Sam shook his head, smiling again. “Never mind. You know what, if it makes both of you happy, then good for you. I’ll book the panpipes.”
He went to the library. Cas sat at the table, arms folded and shoulders sloped forward, bent over a book. He glanced up when Young Dean entered.
“I don’t know what to call it,” said Eli. “It’s shadowy. It’s big. It comes out of the trees at night. It likes to go to the place I’m taking you.” Eli looked between Jack and Dean when they paused. “Not in daytime,” he said. “Or I wouldn’t be taking you there.”
Cas took her former place in front of Dean, spun his blade into his hand again, and drove the knife through the neck of the demon behind Dean holding him in restraint.
Young Dean rolled his lips, eyes looking distantly out towards the pond. “You don’t know how many times I wished you guys were around,” he said. “Wished I could just call you up when things got hopeless. It could’ve saved me so much grief.”
“Okay. So, just curious, why not pop in on me next year?” said Dean. “If you had the option. When I’m twenty and have another year hunting under my belt? I mean, I think I can do it now, but I just wanna know—”
“I’m not alone,” said Dean. “I’ve got Sam. I’ve got Cas.” He looked to Young Dean, whose focus was now on Reid despite the lingering expression of distaste on his face. “He’s got my dad, despite everything.” It was the one thing that could be said for John Winchester. He would fight to the finish against the supernatural for his sons. It was part of why Dean had been so faithful to him. That he was responsible for getting them so much in the way of the supernatural was beside the point.
Dean swallowed the pills dry, eager. “I’ll be better,” Dean swore. “Once I save him, I’ll be the best you’ve ever seen me.” That was what life with Cas was for. A better future.
The griffin screeched, snapping its hooked beak a few times, then plunged its head toward Young Dean. A line of Cas’ helpfully echoed through his mind.
“You’re supposed to ask him why he’s sick, and then, hey presto, you deserve the Grail,” said Young Dean. “These stories are all about being humble, earning shit. I been walking on my fucking knees, here, and I thought I was close. Those sea hags… they said I could be a hero.”
“Hey, Reefer Madness. You know what he’s not savouring?” This was Young Dean, speaking up from his place at Past-Cas’ side. “Past-Cas was in pain before we knocked him out and he might still be feeling it. So if we could save stoner philosophy for later, I think we’d all appreciate it.”
Across the floor, his eyes caught on a figure standing in front of the jukebox. He hadn’t seen the guy in here earlier. He hadn’t seen the door open. Dean noticed things like that, having a hunter’s eyes. A survivor’s instinct for casing a room. But he’d missed this guy. Maybe that wasn’t so unlikely. Why should anything stand out about some dark-haired white man in a nondescript trench coat? Except that it wasn’t like what anyone else here wore, with their torn denim and plaid flannel.
“Three of my favourites are visible at this turn of the earth,” said Past-Cas. He raised an arm and pointed to the sky. “There, there, and there.” Young Dean had no idea of which he’d picked out amongst the vast array above them, but he believed that Past-Cas was right and they were, objectively, the best of stars. “I’m not supposed to have favourites,” said Past-Cas. “I’d say it’s one of the lesser of my sins, all things told, but perhaps it was an indicator.”
Dean glanced over briefly, then looked back up at Cas. Water beaded on Dean’s face above his freckles and caught in his eyelashes. Cas’ eyes were the same blue as the ocean. Dean felt for his younger self, he really did, but he’d waited his time for this and then some. “Nah,” he said, just to Cas. “Don’t think I do mind.” He lifted his hand to Cas’ nape and drew him down for another kiss.
A key turning smoothly in a lock. Cas lifted his eyebrows in thoughtful consideration. “There are advantages to being like this,” he said. “It’s what I was made for. I like being able to heal people. I like flying—getting around by
“No. Yes. I don’t know,” said Dean. “It says it knows what we’re looking for. It says the angels can come.”
Cas shrugged a shoulder, despite the consequential magnitude Dean saw in what he asked. “There was no way of knowing for sure how that affected our link to one another. Maybe if you met me some other way, on a hunt or on the street or in a bar like Schaffer’s, you’d have hated me. Or just… never cared.”
Cas started to reach out his hand and Dean leaned quickly back. “Whoa, whoa, I can stand to walk, buddy. Let’s save your energy.”
“Look the same to me,” said Dean, stepping closer to one now. It just looked like a dark little tree at night, almost indistinguishable from the rest. The lack of anything remarkable here was almost a disappointment. He heard the usual crickets, the usual late-night birds. Not even the eerie scream of a bobcat to liven things up.
“Take someone with you,” said Dean. “Call Jody, call Charlie, call Garth, but you can’t trust those Arimasp-holes on your own. They tried to send a demon after it.”
“Right, yeah,” said Sam. “So basically, he’s a tether. Usually if you wanted this spell to correspond to a particular time or event, you’d need some focal object related to that event. In this case, Teen-Dean
Dean still drove the Chevy station wagon Bobby gave him last November. It was fifteen years old, which was enough to make it invisible in the eyes of most people. Not new, not classic, not interesting. Dean changed out parts to make it run better, built in a makeshift bed in the back for sleeping in when he hunted, and he swapped out the plates whenever he caught a whiff of John Winchester.
“No, he’s literally an angel,” said Dean. “The ‘from Heaven’ kind.” Dean looked at Lanie. “Your mom knows all about that stuff. She had Cas and another angel—well, Cas’ past self—staying with her back in February.”
Dean cleared his throat roughly. “They’ve got this handled,” he lied. “Just stay put. We’d only get in the way.” The barn creaked and shuddered around them again. But fuck it, Dean refused to die in a shitty old barn ahead of his time. “We’ll get out of this,” he promised.
Dean wanted to leave it behind, change the tone, even if it was obvious what he was doing. When they kissed away Dean said, “You know, I know fuck-all about wine, but I’d run a vineyard with you. It doesn’t sound like a bad life.”
Bands of coloured light swept around them, but Dean looked only at Castiel. His eyes looked bluer than ever, from the illumination out of the egg beneath their hands or from the power of his grace, Dean couldn’t say. It was just as well he’d rehearsed his part enough that it came without a stammer, without a shadow of a doubt, because all he could think of was Cas across from him. His hands beneath the angel’s on top of the egg.
“Honestly, I didn’t know who or what I saw,” said Eli. “Until you showed me that picture. I was feeling like I’m more real than he was and I know that I’m… I’m not part of the world any more.”
“He looked like a runner, you know. Kinda small and wiry. Said he did track.” Waylon swallowed. “Soft hair. Brown.” He brought in the corner of his lip to chew it, arms folding over his middle. “Kinda floppy, like yours,” he said with a nod to Jack. He made a vague gesture toward one temple, some indication of a hairstyle.
Young Dean and Past-Cas placed their hands on the egg between them. Young Dean sat in the position towards ‘eros,’ Past-Cas opposite him in the place of ‘vita.’ Young Dean took one last look around at the others, a final goodbye, then returned his gaze to Past-Cas’ eyes. He began to intone the words of power, reciting them just as Cas had taught.
’) “Castiel explained many things to me, but he left this out. The lifespan of a human is not long. Is twelve years not a considerable time for courting?”
Jack’s face lit up. “It’s your birthday?” he said. “I didn’t know that.” He stepped in without hesitation for a hug. Despite his outward aspect, he still hugged like a little kid, energetic and unconditional. They were good hugs. “Happy birthday.”
Young Dean had the red darts in hand already when Dean returned with their beers. The colour Dean would’ve gravitated to first as well, apparently a long-standing partiality. He took blue instead.
“He’s a little eccentric,” Essie said, her tone quieter and carrying less than Dean’s had. “But he means well.”
Cas looked down at the ground, mouth giving that considering tilt of an almost-smile. “Well, this is one thing. Asking for that which won’t hurt you instead of seeking what will.”
“I don’t think I’d want to eat hot dogs off an eldritch being’s burning corpse,” said Jack, speaking with grave consideration.
“Different than I thought it would be,” said Young Dean. “You and Dean were right that it wouldn’t make everything bad just go away. I had a tough start, actually. I didn’t want to tell you that. I don’t want you guys to worry about me or anything.”
»  and thanks, always, for the kind comments and kudos and recs. they really do make the world go round
Mary looked hard into Dean. Then her eyes swept their surroundings. She gave a small shake of her head. “No different than the last,” she said. “Just a bigger sandbox.”
of them do,” said Essie. “There were certainly some I hit a dead end with as to research. But my speciality is witches, and I always thought the more protection, the better. I didn’t even know I
Young Dean saluted. “Sir, yessir,” he said. Cas and Young Dean came to a stop where the other two stood, in between the two motel rooms.
Reid had Mick Jagger’s looks, which wasn’t a compliment, with shaggy dark hair and features too big for his face. He wore a studded leather jacket and plenty of jewellery over a muscle tank with a truly terrible sunset gradient and the silhouette of palm trees. In all, he looked exactly like someone who might have lion semen on hand.
“Okay,” said Sam, looking around at the others. “New plan? We’ll stay here a little longer, see if we can get somewhere with this Carl Jung stuff?”
“He was just trying to tell him about the hunt so far,” said Cas. “I didn’t mean to listen in, but I can’t seem to shut it off.”
Still, he tangled his hand with Cas’. If the present was all that mattered in life, this was what he wanted from it.
Dean didn’t want to admit how much he liked hearing her say it. He struggled not to be too earnest, not to come off as too partial, despite the fact he half-wanted to gush. “Well. What’s not to like?” he said.
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose, but it was chiefly to subdue a smile chasing across his mouth. “Alright,” he said. “When we get back, we’ll get you a photo.”
Until recently, he could believe he’d effectively severed his own ability to love. Just another casualty in a long list of self-mutilations and sacrifices. He hadn’t had sufficient cause to believe it survived, but somehow this withered, half-lifeless thing, his heart, fluttered with new spirit. Pitiful and fledgling, but remarkable in its re-emergence. Not like a phoenix rising whole from the ashes: like a gull coming out of an oil slick. Tar between his feathers and altered for life.
“You weren’t kidding about my soul, then,” said Young Dean, and he seemed finally to have circled down to the question he wanted to ask all along. “You’ve really seen it?”
“It’s gonna be an ingredient for something someday,” said Dean, returning to the box of artifacts. “I call dibs on not being the one to put that together.”
“We found a sigil, and we got to thinking…” He explained their research, explained their goals. Castiel listened patiently, nodding, the coastal wind feathering through his hair. He seemed to like problems and putting his angelic mind to use to solve them.
“Just say what you think, Dad,” he said. “You tell me what’s going on. I could do with a laugh. Because I’m gonna tell you now, whatever you think has nothing on the reality of what I been through the last two weeks.”
Young Dean took his drink of moonshine and didn’t say anything. Perhaps drunkenness made his mind flexible, or perhaps creating a world fundamentally altered his perspective, but he looked at the third hag, eyes half-lidded and unfocused, and answered, “Here. Where I am.”
“They didn’t notice you leave last time, I take it?” said Dean. He was finding his bearings again. Remembering his priorities and guiding principles. Don’t complicate things for Cas. Don’t scare him off. Don’t act on how badly you want to hold him, right now. A tremor passed through him; the last vestiges of the Wild Hunt’s fervour or merely the suppression of desire, he couldn’t say.
“Ms. Crocker will have to wait.” The voice, reed-thin and accented with a smoky twang, came from behind them. An ancient side-by-side shotgun pointed down at Dean. “Stand up. And move on inside.” The shotgun gestured quickly at the kitchen door. “Hands where I can see. All of you in there. Like fish in a barrel.”
“Step Two,” said Sam, without adjusting his tone, “is use it on the Fisher King.” Another low rumble of thunder growled slowly above them, though the lightning wasn’t close by. “We know his location. I’ve been tempted to go after him with an angel blade before this.”
.” Dean kissed him long and deep. Each kiss a discovery, an exploration; each moment pulling away a veil that revealed a feeling, a thought, a craving Dean had never fully known before. The next time they kissed apart Dean felt light-headed, chest blooming with opportunity and self-honesty, like something fresh-salvaged. He felt like he just woke up for the first time. Giddy and unbridled he said, “Howdy, partner.”
Dean stepped forward to look at the first of multiple locks on the door, examining the sigil on the front, then pulling out his lockpicking tools. “Heya, Eliza,” he said. “I’m Dean.”
“I’m stuck,” said Sam. He looked pale and out of it. “My legs. Something’s wrong.” Dean reached his side. A beam had fallen from above, pinning Sam’s legs. Dean pressed his lips tight. He wasn’t going to tell Sam how bad it was. But he sure as hell wasn’t going to move either that beam or Sam.
Dean and Jack each carried a tin of kerosene and a flashlight, wandering into the forest as night began to fall. Like most monsters, this was a creature of darkness. Where he resided during the day, if it was even on this plane, none of the lore could say.
“First one isn’t a long letter. He answers back and it’s all fairly academic, sort of general spiritual fodder. She writes again. ‘An angel is a holy being – flames of fire – ministering spirits. How could it deny its nature – how turn over spirit for flesh and blood and bone? “Those who are in the flesh cannot please God.” The human body must be a corruption. An angel must stay an angel.’”
“According to the lore,” said Sam, “it’s the characteristics of the hunter that matter most, not the type of weapon. But it does seem like the weapon has to be bestowed in some way—”
Dean looked past Young Dean to catch a glimpse, then bumped into him with identical awkward stupefaction.
“I’m sorry about all this. I’m surprised you haven’t left yet,” said Dean. “I know I make you uneasy.”
Cas shrugged. “It’s been a bit of a constant,” he said. “I did make you crawl out of your coffin the day we met.”
As Young Dean twisted his way between Dean and the Thrall he fought, he saw Cas put a hand to the head of one and send her to sleep. She crumpled, and Cas caught her just before she hit the floor. He pinched the bridge of his nose, as if it had cost him something, then rose to fight another Thrall hand-to-hand.
Young Dean looked away and Eileen answered. “It’s supposed to heal illnesses, grant life. Maybe even communicate directly with God. Not that we want that.”
“Dean Winchester,” said Zachariah. “The one it’s all about. Nice and private up here, don’t you think?”
“Your light,” said Cas. “The light that was shining through. How did you do it? And what does it mean?”
Jack groaned and rubbed his hands over his face. The rain pounded down harder against the outside of the car. “You and Sam won’t say it, but I know,” he said. “I know you’re thinking it.”
“Oh,” said Past-Cas, catching an oversight and requiring a complete list. “And more of this. I definitely want more of this.”
On Young Dean’s bed they sprawled, indecent and shameless. Young Dean hadn’t felt this zen since, well, a day almost twenty years from now. He should be tired, but he didn’t want to miss a single moment. Past-Cas, half-draped over Young Dean, supporting himself on an arm resting on Young Dean’s chest, looked down at him with an almost unblinking focus.
“Oh no, that’s alright,” said Young Dean, waving it off. “Think of it like going into standby. I’ve got the stuff to reactivate it when I want to leave.”
“It’s alright,” said Dean, voice strained. “I pity the poor bastard too.” He finally lifted his cold beer to his mouth, but he paused, turned to the sink. “I’m not thirsty,” he said, dumping out the bottle, setting it empty on the back of the sink to put away tomorrow.
Young Dean had barely finished his food when he eyed a group of cocky young guys starting to lord over the pool tables. More people were leaving the patio for the bar proper, giving the place a sense of bustle it hadn’t had an hour before.
“What’s it matter?” Dean asked. “He won’t remember any of it. He won’t remember if I’m nice to him or not.”
“I’m not sure which of us you’re trying to get through to right now,” said Dean. “Cas, can’t you just leave this? Go power-down to power-up again, would you?”
“And it would be much easier if the guests just played their part and ate their pie,” said Wallis, although she did accept Sam’s assistance in bringing in an extra chair and stool to crowd around the kitchen table.
“What is it, kid?” Dean asked. Cas’ touch fell away from him. Their posture opened out, disentangling from the intimate confidences of mere seconds before.
“How did you get out of that?” Sam asked. “I’ve never seen anything like it.” The avalanche had been so sudden, so powerful. They’d seen twisters spiral across the flat lands of Kansas, been caught driving through the rainbands of a hurricane in South Carolina, but to watch part of a mountain fall away was something else. “You’ve barely got a scratch.”
“Hey,” said Young Dean. He reached for Past-Cas’ jaw, drawing back his attention. His hand combed through his soft hair to the back of his head. “We can’t think like that. It’s not gonna do us any good.”
“Cas,” he said. “I can’t wait to meet you.” He stepped forward, wrapped his arms around Cas in a hug. After a moment Cas’ arms raised up, returning the embrace. Dean didn’t stop himself short, didn’t make himself pull away early. This was his last and only chance, and he wouldn’t give it up for the sake of pride, for the sake of appearances. He let himself feel the rise and fall of his own chest against Castiel’s. He let his chin bury against the snow-damp fabric of Cas’ trench coat.
“No,” said Waylon. “We’d walked away a bit. I was getting kinda tired of those people anyway and Eli was easy to talk to. I could still hear some of the music, but I didn’t see anybody anymore. We’d got pretty far from the campfire.”
“Sounds like we’ll need a cake,” said Sam, catching onto the spirit of the gesture in the way only a brother could. He signed ‘need cake’ as he spoke.
“I never got the chance to tell you,” said Dean. “And there’s a whole long story, but it’s not important. The main thing is—what you gotta know—is Cas… I’ve been gone on you since I don’t know when. I didn’t always know it, but now I think I always loved you.”
“There was so much infighting with those guys,” said Sam. “It wasn’t hard to play them off each other and get free. I would’ve been fine if the car didn’t break down in the middle of the desert.”
“I felt that,” said Past-Cas, voice slightly less distinct over the line. “But there are still more.”
“Sorry,” said Wallis. “I just thought it would be a lot longer than… Four months. You have this air of old marrieds.”
“I know June is his favourite month,” said Cas. “Don’t let that stop you. I like hearing it from you.”
“Obviously librarians do,” said Sam. “Okay. Carl Jung. The book sounds creepy, so we’re probably on the right track. Is that something you have?”
“Yeah, ‘cause the other guy’s so communicative,” Young Dean scoffed. He folded his arms over his middle, shaking his head and looking down at the floor. Like he was the one burdened by the weight of ages. “It’s just not the life I pictured, you know? I thought I’d… I dunno. Grow out of it.”
Past-Cas touched his bare knee. Young Dean felt warm all through, as if the chill had never been there. “That should last a little.”
“You could warn a guy before you come at him like that,” said Dean. He wanted to be angry, but Cas looked too close to passing out for Dean to rustle up anything beyond mild chagrin.
Dean froze. Cas said it with such a tired indifference, but it sent Dean’s brain into a mild panic. What would that have meant? Would Cas have been stuck in ‘98, or some time in between? Did he mean he thought he’d never make it back at all? Dean couldn’t conceive of Cas not returning to him. He couldn’t imagine carrying on without him. He couldn’t imagine waking up in this motel room alone and discovering Cas hadn’t come back, would never come back, and that Dean hadn’t even known their last moment together was goodbye.
Betty led them back outside, the rising wind pulling at her patterned dress. It was raining again, but she moved determinedly against it.
They patted his shoulder, touched his cheek, his hair. “Too long since we last met a hero,” said one.
And Cas was Cas, so he probably missed the implication altogether. He could never have meant it on purpose. Angels didn’t feel that way. Couldn’t, surely. What was forty years to Cas? Forty years might be one tenth of a cosmic second compared to the age of the universe. It wouldn’t matter to him, couldn’t matter. So his words must mean something different, something other than the obvious and most reasonable takeaway.
It was purportedly in the interests of getting him to sleep, but for a few long moments it had the opposite effect. To sleep would bring this to an end, the last thing he wanted. He was already going to have to give it up far too soon. It was like what Past-Cas told him about on the cliff-side. He regretted learning it because now he could identify it for what it was: viparinama-dukkha. How he half-hated this beloved moment because he knew it would end. A sweet and terrible suffering.
Young Dean saw his look, read the question in it. He responded with a flippant shrug, belied by the cheeky glimmer in his eye. He wouldn’t have broken any rules—he
Young Dean barely dodged that deadly beak. Meanwhile, Dean raised his gun and fired a shot. It boomed loudly through the cave and left Young Dean’s ears ringing, or maybe that was just the new round of screeching in response from the griffin.
He had to stay busy and get his mind off this. He met Sam at school at the end of the day and took him to Goodwill, and for twelve dollars they had new shoes for Sam, some more clothes, all practical layers. “You gotta stop growing, Sammy,” said Dean. “You’ll turn into a full-on sasquatch if you keep this up.” Dean wasn’t ready to start looking up at Sam. He needed time to get used to it.
Dean, nineteen now and wiser than ever, didn’t go in for games of luck so much any more. Couldn’t afford to. He had to lean into his knack for showmanship, bluffing, reading people. He picked up pool faster than poker, so pool it was. Schaffer’s wasn’t the kind of place where the bets were high, but nowhere Dean chanced upon ever would be. If he could walk away up ten bucks, twenty bucks—counting in expenses—he’d call it a night well-spent. He’d call forty a windfall, but anything above that amount would cast him too far out of the good graces of the other players. He had to win small to keep the game going.
» I was never gonna write straight whump, so here's Dean having a great time because I love Dean's joy
Cas brought them to a quiet stretch of roadside, leaving behind the dry warmth of October in Arizona for the cloudy drizzle of autumn off Lake Erie. Cas’ trench coat didn’t look out of place here.
There was a calm stillness to him that made Young Dean’s chest ache. Cas was used to long nights on his own, living amongst humans but never one of them. Gifted at going into his thoughts, at purposefully taking himself out of the way until someone decided he was needed for something. Perhaps life on Earth wasn’t solely responsible. He’d had millions of years as an angel: time that could not always have been spent in heavenly wars or fulfilling divine commands. It must have made him used to standing by, to waiting on someone to require him and give him purpose.
Young Dean caught some rest, despite feeling aware even in unconsciousness of the flashing light outside that cut through the blinds. In the morning the four of them met at the Impala. While Dean reordered some of the things in the trunk, Young Dean asked Cas, “Where were you two last night?”
Holden quickly wrapped up his call and turned to their group. “Hey, Dean!” he called out, stepping out of the shade. He was just a few years older than Young Dean with a handsome face, a big smile, and black shaggy hair peeking out from underneath his well-worn hat. His step faltered briefly as he took in the others, his eyes lingering particularly on the older Dean. “Oh
They searched out weapons, dropping them carelessly to the wood floor. Eileen appeared to do the same. Found Young Dean’s holstered knife and gun and removed them with the same indifferent carelessness. Then her fingers found the clasp on the leather carrying strap of the sword he wore belted across his chest. The buckle was stiff and old and appeared to give her trouble. He gave her a faint nod.
“Looking at it for… next year?” said Sam. “I finished high school a year late. In this world, I was a freshman in 2002.”
She took their orders, and the next time she passed their table left a plastic pitcher of water rattling with ice cubes.
He keeled forward, half-wanting to throw up, but only giving up tears that watered the ground below him. He hunched over the diminished remnants of the destroyed, world-making egg. The thing on which he’d founded all his hopes now seemed a pointless instrument of suffering. The angels would never let Cas near him again, for this grievous offence.
“Not about you. Not seriously. But you’re new to this, Cas,” he said. “Your scale of time is completely different to his. It’ll feel like minute-to-minute he’s changing, and you might not always like what you see. He seems good now, but he can be angry and reckless and… and self-destructive. Sometimes anger’s the only way he knows how to react to something. One day he’ll say something to you he doesn’t mean, and I’m not saying it’s alright, just that sometimes he’s confused, and sometimes he’s… he gets scared, only he won’t ever tell you that. I don’t want him to have all my hang-ups. I hope like hell this fresh start gives him some kind of a chance at getting free from that. But he’s already seen a lot. Been through a lot. He’s already got some bad patterns ingrained in him that aren’t going to do either of you any favours.”
“Because big spending might draw big attention,” said Dean. “And small joints keep their mouths shut when you come back at four a.m. covered in something else’s blood. Didn’t you learn anything from Dad?”
“You know how to work this thing?” Dean asked. He was pretty sure you wanted the cork out all in one go and it was too late for that. At least with the way the night was going, they probably wouldn’t need to worry about resealing the wine.
Young Dean looked up at his future self. There was no joy in his expression—not the thrill of success nor even the relief to have survived. He looked down at his burned left hand, then back at the Fisher King. “Is everyone inside okay?” he asked.
And here was the thing with Dean’s sexuality. Before that night at Schaffer’s, it was the last thing he wanted to think about. He dismissed any interest in men as something he’d grow out of, or something all guys felt but didn’t talk about or act on. He told himself he was just messed up because of what he sometimes did for money, that it gave his brain mixed signals, and he’d never do anything with a dude if he weren’t paid for it.
Young Dean stumbled with the push, and inevitably retaliated with a more forceful, playful shove. “You could stand to feel a little sorry for me.”
“Nobody’s said they love me in a long time,” said Young Dean. He swallowed hard, the words too thick in his throat.
. You don’t stand a snowball’s chance against him, so don’t take it hard when he beats you. Let’s just not give him any reason to lose restraint.”
Dean gave a quick, simple shake of his head. “I’m not,” he said. This wasn’t something that was going to disappear tomorrow. Not on either side.
» holy fight scenes batman! why do I create these troubles for myself? (because the pay-off is worth it: we have Past-Cas back)
The watery eyes of the Fisher King turned his way. The double barrels of the gun followed, making Sam grow tense. If the Fisher King were to fire it now, he’d hit Eileen first, and likely wouldn’t care if it passed through her. Young Dean could see the same, looking down at the gun, taking in a deep breath, looking a shade less confident than before.
Eileen, blank-faced, went to Young Dean and pulled his arms behind his back. She accepted a length of rope from another Thrall and fastened his wrists together. Two Thralls saw to Dean, evidently taken for the most combative.
Jack surged forward to hug Dean, not so weak as he looked a moment ago. It nearly knocked the breath from Dean, the fervour in that hug. The purity. He wrapped his arms around Jack tightly in turn.
An hour later found them sitting at the table directly under Misty-Lee, empty beer bottles between them and fresh ones in their hands. They’d barely stopped laughing, the past few minutes.
“Sam?” she said. It was hard to know who moved first. Sam’s arms wrapped tightly around her, her cheek resting against his neck, nose pressed to the shoulder of his flannel.
Dean made a face. It was HBO. It had cowboys and boobs and gunfights. He’d watched the original movie at least a dozen times. He would
“No offense, Sam, but he’s not going to tell you jack shit,” said Dean. “He’s trying to keep up appearances with you. To protect you.”
For such simple words, for a being of such eternal wisdom, Cas didn’t seem to fully comprehend. He cautiously answered, “I’ll… try.”
He’d just reached for the strut when the over-brilliant light burst from the level above his head. He flinched, covering his eyes with his arm. It was too bright to look at this close. When it was gone, the darkness around him seemed more total than ever before.
Jody and Claire exchanged a brief look. “We’ve should get back to the girls,” Jody said. “You’re safe and it seems like danger’s not right around the corner, for the moment. We’ll head out as planned. But don’t do anything dumb, dangerous, and life-threatening without calling first. Got it?”
A call from Jack surprised them not long after they set off from Kill Devil Hills. He came back from his last jaunt with Billie to an empty bunker. Dean had stuck a note on the fridge before they left that said, “Gond huntin,’” beneath which Cas had left a detailed letter, neatly folded and pinned in place with a novelty Dollywood fridge magnet. Cas called him a couple times on both days of their journey. When Jack was on the line Dean drove a little faster, as if he could cut into the time it would take to reach Kansas.
what,” said Young Dean, smiling a little, leaning in conspiratorially. He was determined to get back in Dean’s good graces, and surely he couldn’t stay mad on this topic. “Was it good or was it
“It’s not that simple,” Dean said. “When her goals line up with ours, yeah, she helps. More as time goes on. But you gotta be
“I—I don’t know how to summon it,” said Dean. He vainly fought the surge of fear in his own chest, oversaturated muscle-memory. The tightening of his heart that came out in a tremble of his shoulders and left through his fingertips like lightning seeking ground. “Cas already… Cas had this deal…”
“Aw, Cas, don’t be like that,” said Dean, looking down at the ground between them and plucking at some of the rough grass that grew out of the sand. “I like you now a lot better than I thought I would. It makes sense that we’re friends.”
“Thank you,” said Past-Cas, quite charitably. “You are obviously not the questionably-competent ragamuffin you first appear to be.”
“Look, time between universes… It’s complicated to explain. It doesn’t have to be synchronous. Let’s leave it at that.”
To be honest, he wasn’t surprised he missed something. He’d been so broken-up over Cas he wouldn’t have noticed the trickery staring him right in the face.
“You ain’t a virgin,” Dean said, arms folded over his chest, looking dead across at Young Dean. “They don’t say it outright in the stories, but it might as well be implied.”
“Anything for you,” said Reid, stepping back. He still had the hazy, squinted look of someone quite stoned. “How’re Simon and Lanie?”
They crossed the street again, angling down towards a spot that fashioned itself like a saloon-meets-sports bar. This time Dean sent Young Dean off towards the dartboard. He’d be in charge of getting the drinks and smuggling them over before anyone thought to ask whether Young Dean should even be there.
Cas almost laughed. “That’s very magnanimous of you,” he said. “Although you might want to check that he feels the same.” He nodded his head towards Dean.
“That Dean’s a bad influence,” said Young Dean. “He deserves a time-out, at least. When we get back, he’s going in the corner. Only thing is, I wouldn’t be able to tell him what for.”
Dean looked around himself. He wasn’t at Bobby’s. It wasn’t the middle of summer. “This is a dream,” said Dean.
“Well that was a ride,” said Holden. “You guys do that all the time? Cas, can I just say: so cool. That whole bit. Like, damn.”
“The uniform,” said Wallis, looking between the Deans, then past them at Sam and Cas who still stood uncertainly at the gate. “There’s a specific combination of flannel and blood-spattered boots that gives it away. Typically there’s some sort of ugly truck or Jeep, though, not that
“Hey, man,” said Dean. “It’s like Holden said. We’re close. You’ve got me and Cas here. We’ve got a possible lead with this whacko Bernadette. You’ve got a crack in Heaven. Hell, you’ve
“So Holden’s got something but he didn’t want to talk over the phone,” said Young Dean. “But it’s about angels and it sounds like a lead. He’s going to drive up and get here tomorrow.”
In a moment arms wrapped around him, and in the next he and Past-Cas were crashing in a heap onto the backseat of the Impala.
Then the scrape of talons on the rocky floor of the cave. An animal backing up, aware of the presence of intruders. The hunters raised their lights.
“Something normal, for starters,” said Bobby. “But something big and serious and confusing that would upset John? Thought maybe you'd say you're quitting hunting. Or that you were queer.”
Dean shrugged. “As blond as Clint Eastwood is.” Then, as Lee Van Cleef came on screen he said, “That’s Cas. Obviously.”
And another difference, Dean didn’t doubt who he was and knew certain truths about himself that couldn’t be shaken. Future Dean regretted how he let his father’s words sink into him and shape him. He made himself believe that John was acting out of care, acting for the best. That clearly wasn’t how he saw it two decades on.
“He didn’t say anything?” Dean asked. “Anything at all?” Anything that would reveal it was the Cas they knew. Anything that would hint at what Dean longed to hear from him once more.
And he wasn’t really upset, it was just such a release. He hadn’t realised it at the time, when he came out to Sam by accident in the future under the assumption that it was a known fact. He hadn’t realised how gratifying it was to have Sam’s acceptance. Knowing Sam
“It’s okay,” said Sam. He cast his eyes down at his bare feet on the floor, thinking a moment. “Will I ever have that?” he asked. “You know me in the future. Do I have any chance?”
“Oh you’re so close,” said Young Dean, straightening up. He looked at the second hag, seated directly across from him. “There was one man going to St. Ives,” he said. “The answer is one.”
“I don’t need your fucking advice,” Young Dean spat, because he could barely think; the strain Dean put on his arm
The point was this other Dean, Teen-Dean, got to have something different. Whatever happened for him, it was his fate to decide.
Cas’ smile lingered. He put a thumb to the furrow in Dean’s brow, as if to smooth it away. “Next time you should try that without the frown.”
“Is anyone else reminded of Rowena?” Sam asked the others with a gesture at Wallis. “It’s not just the red hair.”
Essie, closest to him, took the book when he offered it. She had an easier time with the Latin. “The System of all Worlds,” she said. “This was Jung’s first mandala.” She scanned over the surrounding text as she brought the book to a table where the rest could see. Young Dean unfolded from his chair to come closer as well.
“Well first,” said Dean, shooting one last glare back at Young Dean, “we negotiate. Find out where Sam is. If he’s here, we get him out. Second, we burn the place down.”
“Neither,” said Dean. “You’re going to break the contract with him. You don’t get his soul. He isn’t going to Hell.”
Young Dean suspected the same, but he’d been given that rare opportunity in coming to the future the first time. He turned the handgun over in his hands carefully, then tucked it away. “What do you think I would be like if I didn’t have to forget?” he asked. “How do you think life would be different for me?”
“Yes. I think he wanted…” Past-Cas seemed more aware of their expectant looks, voice lowering and faltering over his words. “... you to have… a distraction.”
“Yes,” said Jody. “Wow, this is. Yep. Definitely one of the stranger things to have happened.” She looked at the two angels now. “And you’re… both Cas. Well, it’s good to finally meet you.” She held out her hand to shake.
He swept open the newspaper on the table, leaving bloody thumbprints as he paged past national news (the latest in the Clinton scandal) to find Local Events (the Christmas food drive, a recruitment ad for local carollers). There were two dinky theatres in town. The Diamond Cinema and the Mayfair. The former had
“Research,” said Young Dean with a sigh, resting his head against a hand, fingers rumpled through his hair. “This means research again.”
Dean barely had time to set down his coffee before Young Dean chased towards him. “Give it back!” He tried to snag the belt at Dean’s waist, meanwhile Dean evaded with a pitiless laugh and another circle around the island. “It doesn’t even fit you,” said Teen-Dean.
Young Dean didn’t know what to say in the silence that followed the waitress’ departure. He felt like he’d gotten things wrong somehow.
“A few days. Past-Cas and I met Claire, caught up with Dean and Cas in Wyoming, then came straight here to Jody.” He leaned forward against the island, arms folded, eyes lighting up. “Man, so much has happened. When we were looking for you, we followed this lead that took us all through the Santa Lucia mountains. And at sunset, just when we were about to pack it in, all these Dark Watchers showed up, like, a million of them.”
Castiel might not sleep, generally, but after such exhausting time-travel he’d given into his body and mind’s need for rest. He’d shed his shoes, his outer coat, because one did not wear those things in bed. He’d taken off his tie and unbuttoned his shirt. He got under the blanket not for warmth, but because the reassuring weight of it made him feel calm and easy.
, trust me on this,” said Sam. “Look, stay in the car and I won’t give you grief about getting you the bacon cheeseburgers, okay?”
“You aren’t going to be alone for much longer,” said Cas. “You aren’t alone now. We’re going to help you.”
Dean wasn’t scared. He could scoff at the very notion. Nothing scared him. He was a hunter, a killer. His dad’s soldier. He faced nightmares every damn day and came out the victor. He was about to protest, but Cas kept going.
“You left all the useful information with Cas,” said Young Dean. “How was I supposed to know what was gonna be big and what could wait? If you’d taken a minute to fill me in…”
» I got to introduce one of my favourite American cryptids, the Dark Watchers. these would have been great monsters to see on spn, very cool aesthetically and way easier for practical effects than dragons. why was I never hired to write for this show
“You can just do it after.” This was from the angel on the left. An aside that was meant to be quiet, but which cut too obviously through the awkward silence. “When you’re ready to file. Everyone else does.”
The sea hags took the form of naked old women. Their skin had a bioluminescent sheen, their eyes overlarge and pale for seeing through dark water. One looked to have netting wrapped carelessly around her middle, another had been crusted over with barnacles along one hip and thigh. The foremost hag had the longest hair, a starfish caught in the tangles. She crawled forward to the bottle of moonshine, wrapping one webbed hand around it.
The librarian, a Black woman named Essie with very short curly hair, looked up from her filing. “Griffins?”
In the morning they sent Young Dean out for breakfast with a credit card and a casual manner like they weren’t merely getting rid of him. Sam had also given him a breakfast order that was clearly made up, either in order to keep Young Dean away longer, or to make sure the waitress laughed in his face at it. No one ate this kind of shit.
“Your memory of it was very detailed,” said Past-Cas. “You recalled the smell of baked earth and sea air and all the growing, living things.”
Her gaze met Dean’s. Deliberately softened, though the smile didn’t touch her eyes. As John led the way to the porch she put her hand on Dean’s arm and squeezed it once. “I like it on you,” she said. “It’s different.”
“And you’re not like Dad,” said Dean. “You keep life as stable as you can for Sam. You make friends and accept their help—hell, I can barely do that.”
“Yeah. Yeah, ‘hello,’ that’s what I’d say,” said Reid with a nod. He looked away from Essie to the rest of the room, doing a double-take and taking a step back when his eyes landed on Cas. “Whoa. Your
The tape in the cassette deck reached the end of Side A and auto-ejected. Young Dean reached for it, flipping it over and jamming it back in the player without wavering from his place on the road. He squinted against the bright sun. While there weren’t consequences for Dean, the same couldn’t be said for his younger self. Every moment counted, every moment was a part of his present. He couldn’t wait around for his life to start: he had to search and to strive. To seize every opportunity he could. It wasn’t fair, how long he’d waited already.
Past-Cas looked down at him with concern, hands passing over Dean as if to see what there was to heal.
Dean flexed his hands. No ring, but it felt like a close shave. It was something he’d been thinking about lately. Two matching rings. It took conscious effort not to look at Cas’ hands.
“It was…” He had to stop to laugh, because he knew Young Dean would find it funny. Or, unbearable. Same thing. “It was all Led Zeppelin. My top thirteen tracks.”
Young Dean placed the cologne back exactly where it had been. Because he knew Dean didn’t like his things messed with. He kept talking, because Dean wasn’t doing anything to fill the silence. “Sammy’s gotten good at fighting, man, y’know?” He looked over at Dean, and it was an olive branch, really. They could agree on Sammy. “I can’t believe he grew up and— He kicked my ass in there.”
“Right. No. I guess that’s true,” said Sam. “I just would’ve hoped he’d take a different stance on it when it’s his own kid. And then to hear, sort of definitively, from Teen-Dean that—”
“No way,” said Young Dean, a smile breaking out across his face. “How in the hell did you manage that? Boy, you got brains.”
“I don’t see anything,” said Past-Cas, craning past Young Dean and lowering his head to squint out his window. Meanwhile, Castiel inelegantly pulled away from Young Dean’s hands.
“Well, it’s all ready to go,” said Young Dean. He knelt in the corner of the bunker library where they’d last seen the portal. He unscrewed the cap from his mason jar and reached in for a good pinch of the substance inside, sprinkling it out in a straight line across the floor. He stepped back as the golden seam grew from the centre outward.
“You mean you keep my bones as something to dangle over me the next time he wants something,” said Crowley, glancing at Young Dean.
“No, I don’t—” Sam didn’t bother finishing the protestation. “I just mean, the whole premise of it. Their lives are being controlled by coders and storytellers. They think they have free will, but it turns out all their choices were predetermined by some asshole creator who made this park for his own entertainment. Does that… remind you of anything?”
with that, asshole.” She rang a number from her recent contacts, waiting impatiently as it inevitably went to voicemail.
After three interviews with little resistance, Jack looked surprised for half a moment. He rallied quickly, keeping the positive tone in his voice. “We were asking around the high school,” said Jack. “We’re looking for reliable testaments. So many people will make things up just to be in the spotlight. We want the facts from credible members of the public, and you’re a trusted figure in the community.”
He could never stay with the other humans for long without some catastrophe rending them apart. At first, he thought the intervening forces were random chance, the result of unrestrained hostility from the environment itself or from the malevolence of the Immortals. He realised later that in this place there was no chance, only amusement.
“Nah,” said Dean with a shake of his head. “We’re driving. Baby’s our travelling armory and I’m not leaving her behind again.”
“Yes, but that’s not important right now,” said Cas. Continuing on like that wasn’t dumbfounding on its own. “The ‘I’m not good with kids’ line is part of the story you keep telling yourself to perpetuate your self-loathing. And, like the rest of it, is just not true.”
Young Dean wanted to touch it, that secret laugh. That mouth in general. He wouldn’t normally have thought it. He would have stopped himself before allowing his brain to consider that he found a man genuinely attractive. Maybe it was the alcohol, or maybe it was knowing what future feelings were, but Young Dean didn’t make himself stop thinking it this time.
Young Dean didn’t know how to take the praise. He couldn’t accept it when he should have somehow done more. Done it sooner. Saved more people. Dean cut in to say, “So. We get back to our world, take a trip into your fucked-up fairyland, and get Holden out?”
“Oh man,” said Sam. “You must love that.” He looked across at Cas. “Arizona. It’s not far from Tombstone, maybe twenty minutes?”
Dean, panicking and frozen, spoke stupidly, grabbing wildly for a change of topic: “If we even get there,” he said, like it would be so easy to shrug off the incredible gravity of their words. “Hey, what did you think of Teen-Dean?”
“Hey,” said Dean, starting after them down the sand. “Hey, where the hell do you think you’re going?”
“Okay,” he said. His future self thought he could handle it when the others didn’t. That made him want to prove himself. (To himself? To Future Dean? Didn’t matter.) He had to prove he could. “So keep on it. With these… one-eyed monsters.”
Dean didn’t come for the cheese puffs, but he also took free food wherever he could find it. He had a little brother back in a de-enfranchised Motel 6 that was easy walking distance from the bar. Every penny counted, but usually by the time Dean finished his first beer he’d made enough leeway with the locals that he could skirt out of paying for the rest. That was what you called cost-benefit analysis. Yeah, he knew the term. Likely better than anyone else mailing in their latest completed math unit, chipping away at a GED. Hell, probably understood it deeper than white-collar guys in corporate with fancy degrees, who talked and traded with money as a theoretical. Markets and stocks and Dow Jones? All imaginary. Made up number games for people who were always gambling with a buffer, a fallback. What was that compared with going all in, like really all in with everything you got including your dad’s favourite gun, which he really will kill you for if you lose. Going all in even with what you don’t have, all on the chance that your luck is due this round, just so that you can pay the motel fees and maybe get your brother a jug of milk for that off-brand cereal tomorrow morning.
Dean hesitated, the words nearly on his lips. His eyes dropped to the book in Young Dean’s lap, rose again to the expectant expression on his face. “That’s good,” he said. “That’s a good idea. Just turn off the lights when you’re done, will you?”
Dean let go of the lock hold he had Young Dean in, sitting back with a contented sigh, looking far more composed than his younger counterpart. “Fine, fine,” he said. “You can have the belt back.” He stood to remove the belt and started winding it around one hand.
There was too much to say. He did not know for certain until now that Dean was alive. He hadn’t sacrificed himself to save the world, as he’d tried so many times before. Cas’ desperate plan to spare him had worked. Cas’ final words, spoken believing they’d truly be his last, hung before him. Dean was looking at him like— Cas couldn’t say. He didn’t dare make assumptions about those green eyes looking so wistful and tender.
Young Dean was trying hard to be useful, but it was so clear that he had too much pent-up energy to focus. Dean knew the signs. The bouncing leg, the frequent glances up at other faces as if he hoped for news, then the determined settling in again with a furrowed brow, focused posture. Until it inevitably dissolved into hands raking through his hair, stifling a sigh.
He expected to see Sam on his bed, curled up in a corner with one of his library books or something, but he was nowhere in the small room. “Where’s Sammy?” he asked.
“Oh he’s real funny,” Dean snarked, catching Cas’ arm to lower his hand away. “Went and found me the only angel with a sense of humour.” His hand slipped around Cas’ waist, under his coat, as they mutually moved closer. Dean’s head bowed, foreheads touching, a breath away from kissing Cas. The barest hint of a smile chased across his lips. “God help me,” he said, “but I love you.”
“Only you would look at him and call him unguarded,” said Cas. “Weren’t you the one telling us all ‘he’s seen worse’ and ‘he can handle it?’”
“Because it don’t seem to me like you’re doing it to fix the memory problem. Surely you could just pray to your angel and have him tidy that up lickety-split. Don’t you think you should just leave well enough alone?”
At first Dean thought the sound he heard was the wind rising, then all at once it came clear to him. The beast was speaking, its voice a high, earthy wheeze. “I see a fine prince before me,” it said. A gnarled arm extended out, draped in shadows, dead leaves falling from the stiffly-moving limbs. “Wouldn’t you like to have brothers and sisters, child?” said the King. “Wouldn’t you bloom beautifully in my garden?” It prowled closer, looming tall above Jack, who firmly stood his ground.
Cas pushed past Dean and Young Dean. Behind the bars of the cell, a woman with russet brown skin and dark hair looked up with large, tear-filled eyes. Her mouth trembled as her gaze took him in, the gasp catching in her throat. “Castiel,” she said. She reached up her hands, but didn’t touch the bars of the cage.
The next day he saw Sam off to school, answered a call from his father—John didn’t leave him room to speak, only reported in to say he was still alive and hung up—then he hopped on the back of the city bus to avoid the fare and took himself to the supermarket. He bought discount bread and peanut butter, beans, dry pasta noodles, and the cheapest tomato sauce available. The problem these days was Sam’s appetite, and his own. Given half the chance, they could smash this entire bag of bread, spreading peanut butter over it one slice at a time, and still have a hole left in the bottom of their stomachs.
That was the thing with Heaven. Just because you wanted to see someone didn’t mean you got your wish. You could want and pray and roam the wide plains calling for him, but he didn’t have to answer.
Cowboy hat on, making that stupid fucking face he made in pictures where he was too excited but thought he looked cool. If it were 2020 and Dean knew about Deep Fakes he might have some questions, but in 1998 he didn’t have an easy explanation.
Around the side of the house, Betty opened the bulkhead doors, which were nothing more than angled plywood on hinges. Hardly the front line of security. She went down first, beckoning the rest of them to follow.
“Thought you had me there, didn’t you?” he said, bouncing on his feet, a merry, bloodthirsty look in his eyes. “I’m just getting warmed up, you know.”
“Do I— Yes,” said Dean. It was something to witness: the quipping-instinct being overtaken by the drive to have pie as quickly as possible. There weren't many things that could so rapidly short-circuit Dean.
“Did she turn ghost like you?” Dean asked. He wasn’t used to such a helpful and coherent departed spirit. Eli seemed as real as any of the other kids Dean and Jack spoke to the day previous, and even easier to talk to.
“Yes, I can understand that,” said Cas. “I can’t stop noticing how refreshing it is to talk with a Dean who hasn’t watched
Dean froze. Yes, Angus Young. That was what the fake ID that said he was 21 stated. But Cas shouldn’t know that.
A second later, from high up on some hilltop, Dean and Young Dean heard Holden’s cheerful holler echoing through the air.
He was still a wreck, but he forced his mind into action, pulling himself together enough to say, “I need to sleep, Bobby. I have to fall asleep.”
They were more than halfway across Utah before Dean finally caved to Young Dean’s repeated arguments to switch off driving. He had to insist multiple times, “I’m
Young Dean relaxed under the warm layer of the coat. The next time Dean dared to look in the rear-view mirror, it was to see Young Dean slumped with his cheek against Cas’ shoulder.
Sam hadn’t seen what he was walking into. He looked over the mandala, probably trying to find an opening to lawyer his way out of the implication.
“I guess it doesn’t really matter how you look,” said Dean. “But I’ve gotten a bit attached to you this way. It’s just how I think of you.”
“If I can borrow some wheels from Bobby, I can come today,” said Dean. “Might be late when I get in. I’ll give you another call when I leave.”
They sat down to sweet tea on the covered porch, a breeze from the water keeping them shady and cool. Lanie went in detail over her hunt in Raleigh, relaying the successes and the near misses with equal relish. Although she’d come away with some battle scars, it sounded like she had a good head on her shoulders, as well as quick fighting instincts.
“Damn,” said Dean, giving it all a moment to sink in. “Does Heaven really see the universe as a pack of cards? Must be a pretty big deck.”
Dean didn’t need anything fancy in life. He had a flash of an image in his head, a kitchen with old 50s appliances, a fridge with multiple doors to it, countertops for chopping food. That would suit him. Strange that he should picture an old-fashioned, industrial kitchen instead of one like he’d known in his childhood home, but he supposed it just went to show how very distant he was from a normal, apple-pie life.
In one moment it looked ephemeral, like the shadow of night, and then it stepped forward with a weight like a falling tree. The ground trembled, reverberating shockwaves that made the forest shiver. The beast had its own gravity, a sense of pulling objects towards itself. All its focus was on Jack.
He waited in his station wagon outside the small theatre, watching out all the while for signs of the Impala. Above the hardware store next to the cinema, a young couple strung multicoloured Christmas lights around their window.  He could almost hear the schmaltzy Christmas music in the way the girl beamed up at her partner, mildly swaying her shoulders and hips to a song, inviting some saccharine intimacy. Dean flipped down his sun visor and angled it so he wouldn’t have to see them.
Cas staggered backwards in the aftermath. “Dean, get out of here,” he said, catching his breath heavily. Cas lunged forward with his knife ready to meet Zachariah.
“Then it’s a promise,” said Dean. Cas went on looking at him with that old intensity, that new tenderness. Dean wouldn’t say he was nervous, but his heart beat fast and hard against his breastbone all the same. It didn’t make sense that he could love Cas this much. He thought the way he knew love had already reached its peak. He didn’t think it could
“What do you even mean, other iterations? Where are you getting this?” Young Dean asked. He glanced at Past-Cas, and it wasn’t much assurance that he looked equally confused.
“I think you must be a skilled soldier,” said Cas. “Perhaps that is why I’m drawn here. It must be part of a bigger plan.”
“Not many people coming out this way, he could be stuck in a loop. Not know time’s passing around him. Less to get riled about.” He turned it over in his head, mind not made up in any direction yet. “Or he could be an annual haunting,” he said. “Me and Sam had one of those once. Lady didn’t realise she was dead, acted just like you or me. Thought she could get out of it and go home. Sorta sad.”
“It’s been four months, I don’t know if I’m too late,” said Young Dean. He glanced over at the golden portal, a seam between worlds. “I shouldn’t be. But maybe I’ll have to try this all over again.” He looked back up at Sam. “Your girlfriend, Eileen,” he said. “She still in trouble?”
“Oh, they can,” said Cas, his expression utterly open. He didn’t seem to find this too personal, which kept shocking Young Dean. Normally Dean would slide his way out of uncomfortable conversations about feelings and relationships and all that gooey crap. But right now, feeling on the one hand like an outsider with no skin in the game, and on the other a very self-interested party in the revelations here, he was surprised at how easy it was. And how comforting. He could listen to Cas talk for ages.
In Heaven you got your peace and your cedar-beamed house and your neighbours were all the dead people you’d loved. Your stomach didn’t hunger for food and your feet didn’t ache for rest. But somehow at the end of the day you still went to your empty, lonesome house and didn’t finish your steak because you stopped tasting it halfway through and you fucked your hand in your lonely bed because the one you wanted wouldn’t answer.
“I made the exact same arguments as you,” said Dean, voice flat and controlled. “But they talked me around to it and I figure Sammy probably has a point. He usually does.”
“Was that a party trick?” Cas asked, tipping his head curiously. “I may have misunderstood parties.”
“Pretty much done,” Sam said with a sigh, still flipping over the lined, hand-written pages. “But I should have put those two paragraphs here instead, so I’ll have to rewrite the last half.”
Young Dean caught sight of their joined hands. If it pained him to see, he didn’t let his expression show it openly. Instead, he lifted his chin and turned his head purposefully towards Wallis, who slowly poured fresh seawater over the rest of the ingredients and incanted a spell in Irish.
“Do you ever stop lying?” said Dean, instantly accusatory. Sam swatted his arm and scolded him with an expressive look.
“We went over this,” said Young Dean. “Thinking about the Impala cut close to the bone. I couldn’t do it.”
“Because it’s a hell of a lot of oral tradition, Dean,” said Young Dean, putting on his most exasperated look. “I asked the right people and I heard about it.”
“I’ve never seen you scared like this,” said Cas. “Of… of nothing. There’s nothing out there. Is this a prank?”
The trees themselves were laughing, reverberations that surrounded Dean. Echoing from all sides like too many ripples on the surface of a pond, proliferating circles running over each other. Vibrations that made his bones hum, made his stomach turn over, feeling sick. He stumbled and caught himself on one outstretched palm, the ground shaking below him, heaving and rolling his feet out from under him. Dangling willow leaves sticky with honey dragged over him. He fought to crawl away, seeking any safe hollow where the laughter would not throb against his eardrums. Where their arrows and spears and hunting dogs wouldn’t find him.
“Stop it,” said Cas. And if Dean thought his expression was intense before, it was nothing to now. The blue eyes lost nothing of their power even as they narrowed in assessment. “Stop being scared.”
“Hey,” said Claire. She wrinkled her nose thoughtfully. “It’s even weirder when you’re both here,” she said, and she looked back up at Dean, her Dean. “Must be some hunt, huh?”
“I have not experienced—” Past-Cas started back-treading on his own suggestion, falling back on phrases that sounded clinical, scientific.
The whitewashed basement spanned the full perimeter of the house. Although dirt and cobwebs built up on the light walls, they still reflected enough light back from the windows to see by, even on a rainy day. Preserves filled a room to Dean’s left, while the room to the right held storage boxes, old furniture, and broken appliances. Betty led them down the hall with its earthen floor, gesturing them along.
“He’ll forget it all later,” Cas reminded them. He looked paler every moment, barely holding it together, but still able to provide his precise brand of dry commentary. “But there’s also a lot that will shake up his world.”
—of asking him if he should try to date somebody in the meantime. You’d think I’d asked him to kill a puppy.”
“It’s more than that,” said Cas, leaning forward, deadly serious. “Dean, I would never let anything happen to you. Any version of you.”
“No,” said Young Dean. “I’m barely a teenager anymore. It’s too late, it’s always been too late. I know I have to go back. I’m not going to ruin lives by obsessing over something I never should’ve had.”
“That’s because I have to put up with you,” said Dean. It was quickly turning into one of their circuitous arguments, the ones they usually needed someone else’s interference to escape.
Eli came closer, crossing the distance in a blurry step. “Is that it?” he asked with a nod at the grey, crumbling logs eaten away by fire. A glow of hot embers continued under the last of the monster’s body. “Was that the thing that hunted me?”
“There’s not a lot to tell,” said Sam, scooping a chip through the salsa. “Jody and I made it to the meeting-point in Yosemite, which was clearly a trap. I thought we’d get out of there without a skirmish, but no luck.” He took a bite, paused. “Damn, that is good,” he said. He swallowed down the mouthful of food and continued. “They knocked both of us out, but I think the only reason they took me prisoner was because I knew how to unlock the box.”
“I do know, actually,” said Past-Cas. He suddenly had the attention of not just Young Dean and Claire, but the others as well, conversations dropping away. He looked around with a wide-eyed expression. “I didn’t know when to share this,” he said falteringly.
“Yeah,” said Sam, looking out his window at the blurring highway. “I guess lately I just know how he feels.”
Cas smiled with a faint laugh, turning his head to look at Dean. “I guess that’s the right question,” he said. “You could say we share a birthday.”
Young Dean deliberately busied himself with his own bag, rooting down to the bottom of his neatly arranged backpack to draw out a half-pint mason jar and a journal. He flipped through the journal, reading over a set of instructions until Dean returned with a freshly repacked duffle bag and a tan trench coat. He offered the coat to Cas, who put it on at once and shook out the lapels so that it lay over him correctly.
His shoes kicked through the gravel and brush, sending up dust. Night in the desert could be cool, but the ground still held the day’s arid heat and reflected it back. There were plants and birds and rocks and things; it evoked an old song lyric—
“I don’t have a vessel on Earth,” said Cas. “I don’t think it would be possible for you to hear or see me without quite painful consequences. But Bobby Singer has a shed, safely out of your way. I will leave the materials you need there by morning.”
He thought he was going to have found love twenty-two years early, but instead he would never have it at all.
“Sit, for starters,” said Bobby. He left for the kitchen, came back with a cup of old, hot coffee. Had the smell of battery acid, like it had been sitting on the burner for hours. Not unlike (Dean thought almost fondly) the coffee that Sam made in the bunker years from now.
“Ambience,” Reid drawled. The wick caught and burned a perfectly normal yellow. Not spooky blue or black. The witch was really just a stickler for atmosphere. They should likely be glad he didn’t insist on lighting incense.
When he got back, Sam was up. Dad had called, expected to be gone another week at least. Sam didn’t have to say out loud that John was pissed Dean wasn’t around to take it. The implication was there.
Cas’ hands found Dean’s waist, halting at first, as if unsure any of this was real, then gripping him tight like Dean might disappear if Cas didn’t hold onto him. Their belt buckles clinked against one another, and Dean’s fingers dug deeper into Cas’ dark hair, pushing his hat the rest of the way off, the string catching neatly at his neck. Cas kissed like he had years of passion stored up.
Cas smiled, breath of a laugh catching in his chest. “Dean,” he said. Voice deeper, smoother, and Dean knew what that meant too. He smiled, eyes creasing in the corners, and pushed Cas’ cowboy hat back so that the brim wouldn’t be in the way. He tipped his head and the smile was still there in his closed eyes as he kissed Cas for the first time.
Here was the truth: that he had never left Tír na nÓg. The most sophisticated torment they’d yet devised was the one in which he believed he’d escaped. That he had been a hero in this world. That he had found his older self again to come and save the day. Shouldn’t he have known? It had all been too pat. The portal. The sword. The clay angel.
Cas looked up at Dean one last time, summoning his last shred of clarity. His blue eyes spoke an apology, begged, unwarranted, for forgiveness. “Dean—” he said, voice burdened—
“We’ll go to the library today,” said Dean. Saturday, and Sam had been anguishing about how much work the new school assigned. They needed to get out of the motel room. Dean ought to work too, but he couldn’t focus. When they arrived, he sent Sam to the upstairs of the branch—a place with neutral white walls and grey carpet but large windows that let all the golden light in—meanwhile he surreptitiously glanced at the library brochure. No cost for a card, here, and they’d make one for anybody with a state address, local or not. Dean passed over a fake ID and scrawled his signature on the blue paper card they issued to him.
“The what? No, not a griffin one. The—” Dean paused, turning a shade paler. “It hasn’t happened to you yet. You’d remember.”
“Hey, Teen-Dean,” Sam said. “We’re on the road and hoping to get as far as Lexington today before we stop. Hopefully we can meet up at the same motel. Give us a call when you can.”
They fell into a mutual silence, lingering in it even when their beers were long empty, neither making a move to get up. Neither of the Deans turned their heads from Past-Cas until Essie and Cas reappeared in the doorway at last. Essie had a fresh notecard with neat writing in her hand, lifting it in triumph. Trust Essie to make something two and a half thousand years old look like a tidy grandmother’s recipe card.
“Right,” said Sam, checking his watch. He put the last book away. “Bright and early start tomorrow. Goodnight, Teen-Dean.”
Young Dean sighed and got out of the car. Past-Cas didn’t bother with the door, appearing at Young Dean’s elbow.
“You did not tell me much of these Arimaspians either, in your summary of the passing years,” said Past-Cas.
“Are you?” said Cas. The rain picked up against the windowpane, deepening the grey of the room. His head tipped curiously. “What makes you sorry?”
“I do,” said Dean. “I didn’t at the time I got it. Or when I left here. But I heard about it along the way. The gay cowboy story.”
“That, uh. I think that managed to offend everybody,” said Young Dean, looking between them, looking last at Past-Cas whose brow remained furrowed. “A three-for-one,” he said. He could still feel Dean’s glare through the rear-view mirror. “Call that a hat-trick.”
“Good, great,” said Young Dean, who wanted to get these riddles over with before the moonshine made him blind.
“Please. Just let me explain,” said Dean. “You and me, Sam and Dean in the future, we’ve got this friend—and I know it’s insane, don’t interrupt—we’ve got this friend that’s an angel. His name’s Cas.” He thought he could say it without feeling anything, but a sweeping sense of loss passed through him again. He closed his eyes for a quick moment, shook his head. “A couple of weeks ago, while Dad was away, Cas showed up in a bar where I was hustling pool. He said that Future Sam and Future Dean needed me to hunt a griffin, and ‘cause he’s an angel he was able to bring me to their time.”
“Rachel?” he called out. Peter pointed the gun at him directly for it, but he didn’t care. He put it together all at once. “She’s your firstborn,” he said. “You’re making her go after the griffin.”
He wasn’t going to be out-fought by a man twice his age. “You’re not even getting into it!” accused Young Dean, swinging forward again with his trusted right hook.
“I mean, that’s the lore,” said Young Dean, waving it off with a tired hand. He closed his eyes and rubbed at his aching head again.
Dean expected disbelief and astonishment. He’d never faced the full power of Claire Novak’s quick mind and abounding condescension. “Look, you wouldn’t get it,” said Dean. “I don’t have to explain myself to you.”
“That was Abraxas,” said Cas. “Abrasax… Essie and I came across that name over and over in the Greek Magical Papyri. It’s associated with all manner of Gnostic spells and beliefs.”
Young Dean made it to the bunker shortly after Dean and Cas, entering the library to the two of them on either side of Jack, leaving off a conversation to look over. Young Dean recognised Jack from the pictures he’d seen the first time he met Cas. This was the adult-toddler with godly powers, who, despite being Lucifer’s, had so much of Cas in his expressions.
“That’s a good thing, Dean,” said Cas, his gaze imploring. “I may have caused many problems because of the things I did, I don’t discount that, but I never would have saved so many people without discovering free will. I’ve made the choice to help, to align myself with Dean and Sam and make the right choice for the world, again and again. I have to hope that balances out the red in my ledger.”
“We had what you’d call a falling out, yeah,” said Young Dean. His voice came through a little stronger again, after that. “Look, I don’t want to go into the whole thing. Dad hates my fucking guts and I haven’t seen Baby in a long, long time. I wasn’t ready to go for a drive in her. Not yet. Let’s leave it there.”
He paused in the hallway to take a moment and keep from reacting too quick. He took a sip of his coffee, slowing himself down on purpose, and checked his phone. The bunker had numerous security features, and they’d updated the surveillance feeds to run on a modern server. There was no action from today on the front door camera, but a feed from the garage had sprung to life a little more than an hour ago. Young Dean appeared from the staircase wearing his backpack, looking for all the world like a boy heading off to school. He walked up and down the garage, eyeing up the cars, running his hand across one now and then. He finally stopped beside a motorcycle at the end, a 1958 Triumph Speed Twin that Dean had been working at lately as something of a hobby. He took a motorcycle helmet and a set of leather gloves from a nearby supply shelf, activated the garage door, then took off.
“I wouldn’t know where to begin,” said Dean. “If we had more time, I’d tell you all I could. Take a week, go out for beers, and hash out the whole thing. But I don’t trust that egg not to hatch soon. Cas said its power is peaking.”
Young Dean ate with uncharacteristic slowness, as if to savour every single bite. He even set down his fork before speaking, which Sam, Dean, and Cas all noticed with a shared look of confusion. Young Dean folded his arms across the edge of the table.
Dean didn’t want to tell him. And he wanted to tell him more than anything. He should just be able to repeat what he told Jody, word for word. Just to say,
“I don’t wanna know, for the record,” said Young Dean. “How he dies, or when. If he did it. If he found old Yellow Eyes. I gotta believe we’ll pick up that trail tomorrow, for my own sanity, you understand?”
Jack levelled his gaze at Dean. He didn’t need to speak either to fully accuse Dean of being a hypocrite.
“Last time I walked the Earth, these monsters inhabited only the Outer Carpathians,” said Past-Cas. “Or so I heard.”
Cas just turned his head to look at him, the golden light of the setting sun granting a rare, even glow to his skin. There was something almost romantic to this slant of light.
“He just…” Young Dean looked down, giving a faint shake of his head as he thought back to that moment from barely a week ago. Twenty-two years ago. “It wasn’t much, but it felt like a lot. He just put his hand on my shoulder, and he said, ‘That’s okay, son.’”
The quickest way to Cas was not around the bed, but over it in two unbalanced steps. Cas was already laughing by the time Dean snaked his hands around Cas’ waist, pressing his back further against the windowsill. Dean had to quell his own laughter, chasing it with one kiss after another. He still had a smile on his face when he took Cas’ hand.
“How crooked these fingers were,” he said, winding the tape methodically between fingers that had broken more than once and never healed quite proper.
“We’re not getting anywhere with this tonight,” said Dean. “We can’t send Justin Bieber here back till Cas is juiced up again anyway, and that’s gonna take a few days.” He cast a considering glance at Castiel, still looking exhausted and unfit. “Let’s call it a night and revisit tomorrow.”
“I forgot you can’t do things by halves,” Sam half-groaned. “You’re going to be obnoxious about this, aren’t you?”
“Oh, I don’t know,” said Dean, and he seemed genuine, like he hadn’t expected Cas to ask that question. Hadn’t thought of his reason for sneaking in here, just did it on no account.
Dean woke with a heavy intake of air. Big Sur was gone. He had only a memory of sea air in his lungs. He got up from the couch, scrabbling to the kitchen so he could look out Bobby’s window towards the shed, which he saw only an edge of. He watched for several minutes, and was on the precipice of turning away when the shed was illuminated from within. Dean raised his arm to block the light from his eyes, heard the sound of shattering glass.
. ‘Stay by the car, Teen-Dean.’ ‘Don’t touch the grenades, Teen-Dean.’ ‘I saw that, Teen-Dean, put it back.’ A guy can’t have any fun these days.”
And the blue-eyed, dark-haired angel. Standing before a jukebox; sitting up half-rumpled in bed; telling him over late-night books and early-morning breakfast jaunts about love, about family, about Dean. Telling him in a million little ways that he loved Dean, any and every Dean, that he’d forgive and protect and wait for him.
“Which, speaking of,” said Young Dean, raising one finger. “You need to tell Sam. Do it while I’m out.”
Sam peered past his brother as Dean and Cas each took a seat. His brow drew in. “Uh, Teen-Dean?” Sam said.
“You didn’t even know about angels at my age,” said Young Dean. He put his backpack on again. “Anyway, I’m resourceful. Raid enough Men of Letters chapter houses, trade with some creepy shamans, you get by. You ready?”
“Oh,” said Dean. His brain executed a few ineffectual rotations, sorting through possibilities of what that meant. He didn’t have nearly enough information to go off. “What about?”
Cas had to clamber over Dean to get to the empty side of the bed. Dean’s preference was always closer to the door than the wall. Not for means of escape, but for offering his protection, even when there was no call to expect danger.
“Lucky for you, I can be a pedantic motherfucker myself,” said Holden. He pulled a small, spiral-bound notebook from his pocket, flipping through the lined yellow pages. “She must have heard him deliver a sermon because she starts by asking, ‘Do you truly believe angels walk among us?’”
“And Sam came back,” said Cas, nimbly circling back to that point. “Even if it wasn’t easy to have him gone.”
“We barely did anything,” said Dean. He nodded at his younger self. “It was this guy. He wouldn’t give up on you.”
“You don’t understand,” Peter snapped, hands shaking, then quickly steadying again around the gun. “You don’t understand. I’ve only got one chance.”
Dean looked over his shoulder at the portal. “Well, I guess this is us,” he said. He caught a flash of a smile on Cas’ mouth, but didn’t understand it. He told himself he’d ask later, but would inevitably forget. He took in Young Dean’s face one more time, perfectly understanding the melancholy wistfulness he saw there. He felt it just the same. “C’mere,” he said, and he met Young Dean for a proper, wholehearted hug. “You bring that family one day,” he reminded him.
“And I’m about due for a Masters of Physics with how mind-fucked this time travelling makes me,” said Dean. “Because soon he’s going to go back to the right time, but all the stuff he’s going through now? It’s already happened to me, only I didn’t know it. And there’s stuff that hasn’t even happened yet, like whatever comes up tomorrow, that I’ve already been through and forgotten about. How fucked up is
Dean studied Cas’ profile, looked away with a mild smile, then turned his attention back. “Wow. That’s terrible.”
He often thought of his future self, living in another world. Ten months down the line, where would he be? All but married to Cas, probably. The guy had suffered some shit, to be sure, but he had no idea how lucky he was. He’d never been separated from Cas as long as this since meeting him. To have been friends with Cas for more than a decade, not even asking for more than that, was something Dean would trade anything for. He just wanted Cas in his life, any way he could have him.
Cas was silent for a long moment. He squinted against the hot wind blowing up dust, ruffling through his hair. “There was a crack,” he said at last.
Jack looked down at the yearbook, thumb gliding against the corner of the pages. “I want him back too,” he said quietly. “Of course I do. I just feel sad for Waylon. That’s all.”
Young Dean stepped out of the bunker and into the warm air of a Kansas night. He took in a breath, the scent of early summer filling his lungs. Cas was a step behind him, but Young Dean paused so that Cas could lead the way on their walk. Cas automatically veered for a small footpath that cut across a fallow field, well-worn and familiar.
“Good,” said Dean. It wasn’t like he had any right to talk about self-esteem, but for the moment he felt certain of having the high ground. “You better.”
Dean pushed Young Dean fiercely away from him. “You’re full of shit,” he said, though he no longer had the cool, superior tone from earlier. “You don’t know—”
“Mmhm,” said Dean, nodding his head and going for ‘understanding in the face of total bullshit.’ “What, like the year 2000?”
“I can only hope,” said Young Dean. He sat on the edge of the Impala’s hood, arms folded. “Instead I get
. They were, if nothing else, adept at nonverbal communication, even if they were dismal when it came to real words.
“Yeah,” said Dean. He tipped his head back against the chair, looking at the ceiling without seeing anything. A humourless smile touched his mouth. “Oh yeah. It was bad.” He dragged his tongue along his bottom teeth. Memories seen and heard all over again.
“Fuck you,” said Young Dean. “She’s fifteen. She’s your kid and you’re sending her to the slaughter.”
Young Dean took the opportunity while Dean’s back was turned to race forward, to get the jump on him. It was messy and uncoordinated. For a few moments Dean genuinely wrestled with him, then Young Dean was flat on his back on the floor, half-winded.
“I mean, the baseline for his new world is pretty much the same as ours, right?” said Sam.  “We just sent him into 1998 with an angel boyfriend.”
Of course, the Men of Letters bunker. Sam and Dean had been surrounded by spells and objects of power. They said there were other chapterhouses too, not just in Kansas. Others more penetrable than the safely-guarded bunker.
Essie came back with a book. Not a scroll or leather-bound tome or her hunter’s journal, but a small paperback novel with a funny-looking cover. She flipped rapidly through the pages as she walked, coming to stop at the kitchen island, where she leaned on her elbows to read aloud. “Here it is,” she said. “I should’ve thought of it sooner.” She cleared her throat once before reciting: “‘The bird struggles out of the egg. The egg is the world. Whoever wants to be born must destroy a world. The bird is flying to god. The name of the god is Abraxas.’”
Jack looked back down at the yearbook in the wake of Dean’s silence, giving a faint shake of his head. “If you ever want to talk about that stuff, you know,” he parroted, “you can with me.”
“That so?” The voice came flat, gruff, but not disinterested. Not when the man’s eyes flashed to Dean’s face and seemed to see right through him. Dean straightened up by instinct. He might be a little taller than this guy, but the man was older, had twenty years on him, likely. It wasn’t the age that gave him authority, but the self-assurance, the unwavering focus.
“Teen-Dean?” he said. “You alright?” The glow of his lantern caught the pale body of the Fisher King, the red wash of blood over the sword Young Dean held. The rain turned the surface of the ground quickly into mud, running in rivulets over the hard surface of the earth.
“Uh-huh,” said Lanie, arms folded over her stomach. She eyed Dean for a moment, then looked away. “Mom keeps saying she has a lot to tell me.” She scuffed the heel of her foot against the tile of the kitchen floor. “I sorta figured it was the same-old same-old.”
Dean stepped back but kept his hands on Sam’s shoulders. “Look at you,” he said, still in the wash of disbelief. Sam at seventeen had an unruly mop of hair and gangly limbs like a young giraffe. Dean grinned. “You’re shorter.”
“Seeing me on the Most Wanted list cemented things, from the sounds of it,” said Dean. “But she remembered about the book and everything.”
“We should pack up Baby for the trip,” Dean said once dinner was done, drying and putting away the last of the plates. “That way we can leave first thing.”
“Okay, well, coat, off,” said Dean. “And the jacket. And the rest of it. Come on, man, sleeping in a button-up?” He relented when Cas was down to his undershirt and boxers. It was so much more skin than he ever got to see from Cas and it was sexy. It was absolutely sexy.
“It was an exquisite admixture of ideas and sensations and root feelings,” said Past-Cas. “Complicated. Immaculate. Unapologetic. So raw and bare and pure that even one of Heaven’s angels had to struggle not to give over to it.”
“Well I know where we might get one of those, at least,” said Dean. “And after taking on a griffin, I’m not writing off dragons.”
Dean cleared his throat, shuffled in his seat to look at the printed off news report and obituary. “You’re right,” he said. “I miss him.”
“Thanks for helping us, Essie,” he said. “You’ve been more than generous. You saved Jody’s skin, finding her when you did. Then getting all of us on track in our hunt with your research and contacts. Now this? We owe you one.”
Clint Eastwood’s Man With No Name wasn’t all good. He was tough and self-serving and as lawless as any great anti-hero out of stories. The world didn’t divide neatly like that. One role apiece, one character trait for any given situation. When three men in a room watched a good movie, that didn’t leave them as cut-and-dried types. Shoehorned into whatever role was available just because someone else called dibs on the favourite. Cas wasn’t Angel Eyes just because the name fit, and Sam—though Dean would likely never say it to his face—wasn’t all that ugly.
“Good thing I figured out portals,” said Young Dean, leaning forward, settling in with his elbows on the table. “Woulda taken you old guys forever to make contact if I waited on you.” A familiar, teasing glimmer flared in his eyes at the words. “Look, I think I’ve got this portal thing down, but I shouldn’t waste my time here just in case. And Sam’s about to squirm out of his skin, I know the look. So this sword.”
Amara looked up at the stars with a faint smile he couldn’t understand. She gave a shake of her head. “He thought this show was boring,” she said. “It helps that I’ve been running interference. A mind split three ways isn’t so hard to confuse.”
“Nobody bothered with orientation week,” Eli said. He didn’t sneer, per se, but apparently two decades wasn’t enough to make Eli lose the teenage tendency toward snarkiness. “Are you done pointing that thing at me?”
“Back to the facts. We don’t have the sword,” Dean said, reining the conversation back in. “You heard from Eileen?”
Dean looked at him again, his expression a little guarded. “No,” he said. “No, I don’t think you do.” Sam would have no reason to even suspect. Dean had played his role so carefully all this time that there was no way for Sam to guess. And although Dean should say more, he again found he couldn’t.
For his part, Sam nerded out over the resources in Essie’s collection, not to mention her meticulously cross-referenced notes. The Men of Letters bunker was well-stocked, to be sure, but it ground to a halt in the mid-50s. Not only had long-lost manuscripts and papyri been rediscovered since that time, methods of indexing and organizing had changed too. Essie’s system wasn’t fancy by any means, but it was robust, and far more current than what the Men of Letters had to offer.
“You got a lot to learn about the fucked-up justice system,” said Dean, scratching at his brow. “I’m just saying, take a look. What would be wrong with that?”
“Wait, you aren’t supposed to remember anything,” said Dean. “What happened? Is something wrong there?”
This wasn’t only a dream because never in a dream had Young Dean known his heart to beat like this. Never in life, either. He didn’t have the infinite meditational patience of Past-Cas. He had buried too much over the past week to wait any longer. He leaned forward in one fluid movement, his hand sliding past his collar as he kissed Past-Cas for the first time.
“And I love you,” Cas said simply. “This version and that one.” He gave a tacit nod of his head towards the kitchen. “But I understand what you mean.”
Young Dean watched Cas and Sam work at the protection sigils, conferring with one another. They knew so much more about the supernatural than Young Dean had ever conceived of. And he liked seeing them interact. They respected one another, but their relationship was distinctly different to what existed between Cas and Dean.
In the driver’s seat, only half-aware of the road, Dean seemed to realise the impact of this for the first time. “You’ve been ‘corrected’ before,” he said. His fingers drummed against the wheel. He almost didn’t say it, had to force it from his lips. “You been in love before?”
“Dean,” said Young Dean, half-plaintive, half-judging. “It won’t get easier, waiting. Just get it over with.”
» I exist nowhere else online, or in the real world, or in time, (which is fictional), but it's been a slice, y'all
Dean felt another brief flare of panic he tried to quell. He didn’t like showing John his fear. He didn’t think it helped him any. Instead, he told himself he would not cower. He tried to spread his shoulders out again without coming across as aggressive. He tried to straighten his spine without becoming imposing. The eternal balancing act.
There were other humans like him, all young men and women. Handsome youths the Immortals favoured. Dáithí, golden-haired, the youngest of ten children and a local hurling star, a small town’s missing hero. Lady Josephine, whose rough-and-ready survivalism belied her title and the impression of powdered wigs. Aiko and Michio, a sister and brother who, in search of an escape from their cruel orphanage, were the only others besides Dean to have come here on purpose.
It wasn’t the sound of her scream, but where she stepped. A fatal pressure carving cracks in the hard slab of snow.
Bright daylight filled the garret room. No one else stirred in the house. In fact, they had all gone. Only one set of footsteps creaked up the stairs.
“You had a good night, I take it?” Cas asked. Unlike Sam, he didn’t seem irritated by the situation. It wasn’t apathy, thought Young Dean, that wouldn’t be the way to describe it. It was total freedom from judgement. Something he’d never experienced before. It was such an unusual concept that it was almost hard to fathom. If he weren’t drunk, his brain might not have even considered it a possibility.
“Oh,” said Young Dean. “No. No, you’re on track, so far. You’re in some AP courses, did some extra credit.”
Sam sighed, closing his book with a thumb to mark the page and looking over from his bed. “Does this have something to do with you researching griffins?”
The mouth of the cave wasn’t large. It could easily have been a bear cave, and Young Dean didn’t know how Sam could be so sure it wasn’t. Dean went in first, Young Dean following. After a few feet the cave opened up enough to stand upright. It smelled damp and animal. Young Dean’s heart pulsed in his ears.
Past-Cas lifted his arms slightly, regarding himself with a shake of his head. “This vessel would burn out on the return trip,” he said. “It needs a week to recharge. The spell we used drew on his soul, not my grace.”
Past-Cas squinted out at the water. “I don’t understand it perfectly. All things in your human life are impermanent. Even that star you call the Sun will one day expire. Why should this surprise you?” He canted his head to one side. “But then I thought: I know it too. Castiel told me that this time will be taken from me, these memories of you and him and the future world. It should not bother me. This is only a nonlinear blip in the course of my existence. Yet it did. It does. Reflecting as to why, I realise it is because in certain moments over these past few days I have felt happy, but was too unhappy in my awareness of it ending to understand it.”
“I might’ve been able to get the Sword, but I couldn’t find the Fisher King in my world,” said Young Dean. “I don’t know if just the timing wasn’t right, but I spent months and months searching with no sight or sound. Then I realised you guys knew where he was, and that maybe it would be easier and faster to get to him in this world than to wait on him in mine. I mean, I’d travelled between worlds and time already. Just had to figure out how to do it on purpose.” He gestured with his beer bottle at Eileen. “When I realised I could be of some help to you, too... Well, I thought, win-win.”
How they made it back to the car Young Dean could barely recall. Cas supported Dean the whole way, and when they got to the SUV they reclined one of the second row seats to lay Dean out in. While they saw to him, Young Dean wiped blood from his face with some of the fresh white snow. He forgot his bloody gloves beneath a tree.
Cas’ lips pressed into a line, thinking hard. “It’s difficult to know how to explain in a way you’d understand. If I were so commanded, I could take you to the past, but not to the future. My future self, whatever he is, can travel here, but not beyond his own time.”
“Holden Yeung. Me and you go way back.” He flashed a wink, then cast a glance over at Young Dean. “Couldn’t have given me a heads-up about this?” he said.
Young Dean looked back at Dean, surveying him again. Still standing close to Cas, like he didn’t quite trust the thing Cas brought back. Young Dean looked around himself, taking in the rest of the room. “Speaking of freaky,” he said. “What’s this place? They don’t have windows in the future?”
Young Dean swept forward for another aggressive front, bringing all the intensity he had with him. Dean engaged him this time, blocking and thwarting and weaving away from Young Dean’s offensive ploys. When he did make to strike back, Young Dean dodged and countered in time. It was the first moment since they started fighting that Dean looked at all pleased, and Young Dean crowed with it.
Driving out of the park, Dean looked back and saw Holden toss Sam his car keys for some impromptu driving practice. Cas flipped through Sinclair’s ‘Compendium’ in the backseat, dismissing most of it, pausing over certain passages.
And cowboy boots in brown leather because who was there to care? He should be allowed to feel like a cowboy in Heaven, if that was what he wanted.
He didn’t get enough of this in life. The kid had to be strong for Sam, back in his own world. He was impossibly faithful to Cas. He didn’t yet know any of the network of friends and hunters that would provide him anything close to this in the future. He just needed a damn hug. When Young Dean tried to pull himself away too soon—out of a sense of propriety or machismo or embarrassment that Dean knew all too well—Dean didn’t allow it. He pulled him in tighter.
“This is my timeline. I’m present-day Dean. This is my reality, and you’re the visitor. So that settles it. I’m Dean, he’s Teen-Dean.”
A figure appeared at Zachariah’s elbow, straightening the sleeve of his crisp suit. “But I’ve just arrived,” said Uriel.
“Only the best girl in the world,” said Holden. Without further prompting he pulled his wallet out of his back pocket. Just over his shoulder, Sam folded his arms and shook his head. Dean had the impression they could be here a while. “She’s my girlfriend,” said Holden. “We’ve been together for two years and seven months but I knew from the minute I met her she was the
“He brought a past version of Cas to his new world,” said Sam. “Only the angels there didn’t like it and separated them. Past-Cas was probably brainwashed to forget. Teen-Dean has been looking for him ever since, but hasn’t made contact.”
“I’m getting used to screwing up,” said Jack. “I feel like I mess up everything. Like that spell to get Cas back. All it did was make me lose my powers.” He tipped his head back against the seat, looking at the ceiling of the car. “Now I’m useless.”
“I think this should give us a good hour,” he said. “Enough for you to go get those books, cross back, then get home again. I wouldn’t push it past that. Once I’ve used this up, this particular portal’s closed for good.”
react like that one day had made Dean consider saying it aloud half a dozen times over the past week. Confessing it over the space between motel beds only to hear Sam say,
“Whoa, whoa,” said Young Dean, waving away the questions with a hand. “I’m fine, my world’s fine, it’s all good. I came around to help you, actually. When…
Cas turned his gaze from Dean to Wallis. “If you’ll forgive the pun, you said the magic words,” he said in a completely dry monotone.
“Well that’s one thing that surprised me,” said Sam. “That everyone was saying these big bush parties happen at least once a year, but none of the deaths or disappearances have been connected to them.”
Dean looked over his shoulder to see that Cas did, indeed, look like he wasn’t done with smiting. Dean reached out a hand, fingers brushing the inside of Cas’ palm. Cas narrowed his eyes. Dean tipped his head, volumes passing between them in this series of minute expressions. Cas heaved a sigh, rolling his head back. “Fine,” he conceded. “I won’t burn his bones.”
“I see,” said Sam. He didn’t really see, but then again, to share the perspective of angels was never actually an attainable goal. He leaned his shoulder against the kitchen door jamb, arms folded. He couldn’t believe his brother fell in love with a cosmic being. He couldn’t believe that said cosmic being, or a version of him, sat here in their living room right now. There was something so mundane about the way he carried himself, the way he interacted with all of them as a long-time companion, compared with the awe-inspiring maelstrom of his arrival. Compared with how he fought demons with superhuman strength, burning them out from the inside with his holy grace.
“He probably figures I kidnapped you and am brainwashing you with my depraved lifestyle. I have to be careful and try not to give anything away to other hunters. He’s closed in on us a couple of times, but I don’t think it’s to make amends or anything. I can go hang, but he wants you back.”
Young Dean wore a stiff, faintly awkward smile, raising his brows and shaking his head. “Yeah,” he said. “Yeah, it is. It’s good to see you two.”
Sam nodded his head, trying to look as if he’d already known it when it was exactly what he needed to hear.
Cas beamed brighter than expected at that, giving one soft, startled laugh. In some ways, this conversation was just like any of their usual banter; it followed the same rhythm and melody, just transposed to a different key. And even Dean, a master of repression, couldn’t deny the warmth that bloomed in his chest at delighting Castiel in such a simple way. The feeling started at his heart and ended up in his smile, in his eyes, affection spilling over the hitherto impervious breakwall.
“If it was that important to you, if it shaped you, unfortunately that likely makes it more critical,” said Cas, slowly, mentally unspooling the line of fate as he spoke.
Dean shook his head, a hard warning in his eyes. He glanced over to Sam and Cas, standing by the table in the kitchenette, talking out some kind of plan for the next few hours. Neither of them seemed to hear or notice the two Deans in low-toned conversation.
“Don’t look at them,” Dean said quickly. It was the only thing he knew. Keep his foot steady on the gas and don’t look at the Dark Watchers.
him, Bobby.” Dean was getting worked up again. “So I need to sleep to talk to him. He’ll meet me in my dreams. He’s done it before.”
“Speak of the angel,” said Sam. He taped a square of gauze over the needle mark on Dean’s biceps. Dean frowned at the makeshift bandage, then over at Cas.
“You said… You’ve talked to this angel. In the present, I mean,” said Bobby. “How’s that work, exactly?”
Over John’s shoulder, Mary’s head tipped. Face serious. Curious and focused. Like she wondered what she’d find inside John’s head if she cracked the skull open like an egg.
Dean kept whispering, and Young Dean gave a considering nod, still cocky. And Dean just… kept going. Young Dean’s face focused into something more attentive, brow furrowing, leaning in a little more like he misheard. Another long moment later his eyebrows shot up, a wide-eyed look taking over. He gave a stupefied nod and swallowed hard.
happened to him. He had done all this. He’d fallen for Cas before. He’d faced himself before. It was bittersweet to think too long about what had happened, what he’d lost.
Dean nodded. His nose felt runny from coming inside after walking in the rapidly cooling evening of a South Dakota November.
Cas moved around Dean, crouching before Sam to study the wreckage. He gave a nod of assessment. “Sam,” he said. “I’m going to lift this beam before I heal you. That part is going to hurt, but it will all be over soon.”
“His tastes have been changing,” Dean said to Young Dean. “Everything used to taste like molecules to him, but now that flavours are back we’re trying things out.”
“If he’s smart, he’ll keep his mouth shut about most things,” said Dean. “Which is what I would do.”
They stepped onto more even ground and a wider stretch, enough that all four could have walked easily abreast. On one side the rock of the mountain rose, but on the other side it dropped off swiftly. Sam held up a hand, mutely commanding the group to stop. The silence around them was so total that Young Dean’s breath sounded blaringly loud to his own ears.
Dean leaned in for a kiss Cas was ready to meet. He had the taste of coffee on his tongue. They could have been tangled in bed not an hour ago, and Dean still couldn’t be close enough to Cas. He could never sate himself with one kiss, either. It always became just one more, and just one more.
It was too late to change, so Dean wouldn’t address that anger until it arrived. Maybe if the hunt went well, if Dad was in a good mood, if Dean could rustle up a bottle of Jim Bean to have at the ready, maybe then John would forget to be pissed. You never knew what was just a hiccup and what was a hanging crime.
“I thought Bobby had,” said Dean. “When I first got here, he said Jack redid Heaven. He said Cas helped.”
Dean laughed, which Cas reacted to with a cautious smile as if he were gauging whether he’d been given a reward. “Well I’m not playing against you, Cas,” said Dean. “We’re partners. Like in Euchre.”
A set of footsteps entered the room. A wooden pail set down on the buckled floorboards, spilling oily water over its edges.
“I think June’s my favourite time of year,” said Young Dean. “I think of it like purple and green and gold. Long days of sun, driving without headlights.” He tipped his head faintly to the side. “Less time for monsters.”
“Fine,” said Sam. “Tell me more about this hilarious Future World. Is the Secretary of State the Cat in the Hat?”
“Three-ish,” said Cas. He looked over at Young Dean. “Sometimes he’s three and sometimes he’s eternal, but he
Dean put his money in an empty tin, hid the tin underneath the mattress, and got ready for bed. He’d buy food first. Then he’d pay down enough of the motel bill to smooth over their stay, but no more. John would be back soon, hopefully, and could settle the rest on his return. If he couldn’t? Well, Dean would worry about that when it came up.
. Look at the life he’s worked to create for Sam. No matter how broken-up he is with grief, he’s put his brother first, just the way you would’ve wanted. Just the way you’ve always done.”
“I hated to do it, but we had no choice,” Dean said honestly, though a smile pulled at the corners of his mouth. “Just get us to the Redline Rent-a-Car in—”
“What would have happened?” Dean asked. He tried to sound nonchalant. Like he wasn’t terrified of the very idea of losing Cas like that. And lying beside him, arms and shoulders less than an inch apart from touching, didn’t make the dread hazard of it feel any less real or imminently possible.
The phone rang four times before a voice answered, higher and smoother than Cas’, but with a timbre that made Dean’s heart stop.
In the early hours of the morning a thought struck him. He could pray. Wherever he was, Castiel would hear.
Dean turned his head over his shoulder to follow Bobby’s gaze, looking at a plain rotary telephone sitting on a side table.
Lanie’s posture shifted dramatically from suspicion to irritation, rolling her eyes and taking a step back. “Did she send you after me?” she asked. She pinched the bridge of her nose, bowing her head. “This is a step too far. I told her I’ve got this case covered.”
