"Mmm. I see your point." John's limp hand drifted closer and he ran his fingers over the fabric. "But rainbow?"
The other Sherlock was silent.
"Blame father if you want,"  Mycroft hissed. "Blame God. Blame pedophiles or the media or pornography or liberals or whoever you want."
John  stayed awake all night.
was the last confirmed sighting?"
Sherlock turned, resting his back against the door jam. His eyes skimmed over the flat uneasily. Nothing,
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
"You?" Sherlock asked, breathless, thinking back on their first visit to Angelo's. "Not 'Its all fine' John Watson? I don't believe you. You don't have a judgmental bone in your body."
have you arrested again if you insist. Get.
, she wouldn't be interested in him, not sexually. And the opportunity for first impressions had already passed. What other company could she have been expecting? Besides, she had no way to anticipate Sherlock's unannounced arrival.
John said, innocently, sarcastically, "I wasn't suggesting anything."
John stood still.
John felt cold  inside. Maybe he was everything Mycroft accused him of. Maybe he  detested Sherlock because he was gay. There really was no other  explanation. His own unjustified hatred left John breathless.
As they went in, Lestrade asked, "Soooo. If  he brings it up, I should…what? Ignore it?"
Sherlock realized he was. He nervously wiped his eyes. “It’s…it’s nothing.”
Something…miraculous was happening two floors above him. Something he desperately wanted to see.
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
“Alright,” Sherlock said. “Goodnight.”
But Lestrade laughed and  squeezed John back like a brother. "You ready to do this thing? You and  Sherlock gonna work it out?"
Sherlock stopped dead.
He just stared and John's hands, covering his.
Sherlock shut his eyes in sadness.
Molly drew back, blinking in surprise at Sherlock. She took the phone quietly. "Ok."
was ruined. Sherlock touched his painful burns with his fingertips. There were pronounced dimples in his skin. He imagined he looked like quite the idiot and would look that way for quite some time. Fun. He wondered how it went with the bruise on his cheek and the scab on his bottom lip from where John punched him.
Sherlock said awkwardly, “Um. Yeah. The experiment.”
Sherlock shrugged his shoulders, adjusting his jacket. He nudged his collar a bit, breathing.
"Sorry, sorry," Molly lamented, digging in her purse. "The chime is loud so I can hear it from the office."
2008.” John poured himself and Sherlock two glasses of something dark amber. Sherlock didn’t ask what it was and John ended up drinking both.
John's face was drooping. "You've been reading up on this." He took up another candle and lit it. Then he shut the lighter and pocketed it.
“Cancer?”
Molly, confusion in her expression, looked back and forth between John and Lestrade. "What are you talking about? What blog?"
him, despite what he thinks,
"I don't know..."
John just sighed and rolled his eyes.
Sherlock's eyes fluttered shut. In a moment, he felt his weight being supported. Mycroft was holding him. He felt so strange. "I wasn't hiding. Your agents are all garbage," Sherlock muttered.
John hesitated just as he reached Sherlock. He looked him over curiously, confused.
John said, "The
. His murder was erased from time, his suffering forgotten, his silent rise and fall of his chest as he was hooked up to a respirator…gone, gone, gone, all injustice, all in vain, nothing left to avenge. Oh, John.
. Then I checked John's phone history. I saw all the numbers he called the day he died. It was hardly an investigation to figure out what happened after that. A few phone calls to Mycroft and Lestrade, an exhumation of one John Doe and a DNA test later and I was able to confirm all of it: A version of me, from sixty some odd years in the future, went back in time to attempt to warn John of his imminent murder, but he failed in his mission and John died anyway, and that future Sherlock died on the sidewalk before anyone else found out. A miracle of science happened, of human achievement, and no one knew."
“No,” John said earnestly. “You’ve changed my life. I…I was so alone before. I was so unhappy. You can’t ever know.”
So Sherlock turned off the oven, slipped out of his apron and went to the fridge and opened the door and crouched down. When he emerged, he had a beer of his own.
Sherlock balked. "John's going to be charged with a hate crime?"
The living room was empty. The kitchen was empty. The  bedrooms were empty, all the doors open. John turned a corner. At the  end of the hallway, the bathroom door was shut, the only shut door in  the flat. A light glowed under the door. The soft hum of the air vent.
Sherlock got a mug from the cabinet and poured Lestrade's coffee and fixed it for him, just as he asked. Then he placed the mug carefully onto the table.
had experienced so long ago,  he hoped Sherlock would come to understand all he had robbed John of, and feel and know the pang of separation and the frustration of a brilliant life wasted. Two brilliant lives wasted.
Except John flinched and shot  Sherlock a warning look.
invite…
Sherlock shrugged. "What's the use of that?"
A minute later, he exhaled. He fought the irresistible urge to spring from his seat and fly up the stairs of 221b after his friend.
He would walk the streets of early London, see stacks in the distance, steam-powered ferries, horse drawn carriages.
“You go to the pub.”
“Stay on the phone,” John insisted “Just talk.” He put the filter in the coffee machine. “What happened to him?”
“There’s no blood,” John said. “Its just something you’re seeing in your mind.”
Ah. Well. It had taken exactly
not any different,
John was horrified. She couldn't really mean…? Did people really still think like that? He felt his stomach churn. Yes, people still thought like that. And
been an accident,  Sherlock told himself, John couldn't
Willis sighed, disappointed.
Sherlock ended up testifying in court about John's murder. He pointed his finger at John's killers. They went to jail. He felt nothing. He didn’t want to kill them. It wouldn’t bring John back.
Sherlock said nothing. His eye lashes were wet. He blinked rapidly. For the first time, he noticed the old man.
at me. And I felt like  such garbage. Cause I knew we did this to him. I told the whole team how  disappointed I was in them, and in myself. I told them I was resigning.  Nobody stopped me. They all waited for me outside the chief's office.  When I was leaving, they asked me where I was going, what was I going to  do? I told them I was on my way to see Sherlock Holmes. They all…they  grabbed their coats and followed me."
"Are  you home?" he called. "Sherlock. It's John."
After a time, a waiter drifted over and asked for Sherlock's order, and he asked for some coffee. It was brought quickly and the old man sat quietly, sipping now and again and simply reflecting on all he had done.
“I absolutely mean it.”
Lestrade dumbly lifted his hand and half-waved.
"Close the door," Mycroft instructed tensely. He was in the opposite corner of the room, leaning up against the wall.
John relented and let himself have a good chuckle. Then he sighed and looked longing at the empty third chair at the end of their table. "Look," John said, nodding at the empty chair.
Sherlock swallowed. He put down his fork, propped his elbows on the table and laced his fingers together and looked straight at John. "John, my preference is we adopt."
Then, Sherlock would pretend that John was in the room.
Lestrade said sadly, "He's not going to write back to you, Sherlock."
"Yes," Mycroft said. "Unfortunately, you'll have to bequeath our inheritance to your beloved hate-charity if you wish to pass on your legacy."
, not you!" His brows were drawn in confusion, as if he were on the verge of discovering something important, remembering
and this wouldn't have happened. He would have just blown me off and done his thing and everything would be normal. But I had to say the most horrible thing I could think of. He doesn't care about anything. He'd never listen to me. I'm just a fucking
Sherlock didn’t know how to respond to that. He felt the same way.
was where Mycroft really excelled. He wasn't content in waiting for  clues to reveal themselves when he could
"Like old times," Donovan eventually said, but without affection. You didn't look back on murders and missing persons with affection.
Sherlock mouthed:
. Just so you know."
? No,
Sherlock returned the smile eagerly. He looked positively devilish when he smiled. His
"He's at peace with it," Mycroft said simply. "He asked me to deliver his apology."
Molly paused, as if waiting for John to complete his sentence. When he didn't, she pushed, "You don't know what?"
John said, “What’s wrong with you?”
"Really? Just because he's Doctor John Watson, he can command the staff?" he groaned. "I suppose being a doctor and all, he can go anywhere he likes in a hospital and do whatever he likes. Fine. Fine. Lead the way."
Molly hugged herself tightly, making her body as small as  possible. "I feel sorry for you."
He carried on until dawn. Just as the sun was peering over his shoulder from the window, he was re-reading the very last paragraph of the very lengthy letter he had written.
, did he hurt  himself?" John imagined Sherlock irreversibly disabled, trapped in a  wheelchair.
John laughed with him. Their laughter grew out of control, bubbling up from nowhere until they sputtered into grieved silence again. After that, John looked just as crushed as he had before, as if he had burned through all his brave faces with one good laugh.
Sherlock looked back at John, profoundly sad. Then his eyes flickered over John’s shoulder. “Oh.”
"Good night, Detective Inspector."
Finally, Sherlock hissed, "
But Sherlock didn't die and John vanished.
Eventually, an ambulance came and paramedics took Sherlock away. John clung to Sherlock's sleeve as his was strapped down. Then one of the paramedics asked John, "Are you family?"
Couldn’t stay in a relationship long term. He always said ‘the heart wants what the heart wants’ and crap like that. I don’t think he has any clue what love is. But he didn’t begrudge me having relationships with women. Not at
. Visiting  hours start at nine am, sharp. Behave yourself because there's no second  chances from here on out." He rolled the window back up and told the  driver to take him home.
"Yeah. How many minutes can he last?"
“They’re
. And that's all I need to make informed decisions about his…safety." He thrust out his chest and jutted his chin smugly. "I'm truly sorry that
fetishes that didn't involve blood-stains and crime scenes. It would  have been nice to discover a human being hiding under all that arrogance  and posturing and beauty.
John shook his head.
to you. I don't owe anything to you, you're not entitled to be part of my life." He breathed. "Not only do I not want you to be a co-parent with me…I don't want you…to be around a baby. I think you'd be a negative influence."
Sherlock asked, "But how did you do what you did? What happened to me in the hall?"
a woman to be inseminated? And then raising a baby alone?
Sherlock called regretfully. He was ignored.
Sherlock stared silently at his younger self.
0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0
Sherlock asked, "Like what?"
Sherlock put down his hand. "I didn't 'come out' by choice. John outed me."
“Soyou’re reaching out to him? Lending a sympathetic ear?” Sherlock asked dubiously. “I thought you two didn’t get on.”
John put his face in his hand, cringing. "You are  so…
"Which is what made what happened so inexcusable."
John flopped down on his back and watched Sherlock march away. "I want…to be barefoot in the grass, nudging a football to a boy, or heft a sweet little girl against my hip. I want to see a little face light up with delight after the first bite into a juicy watermelon in summer. I don't think hair color and eye color enters into it, but I was rather hoping to pass those down too, if I can help it. But I guess…I wouldn't rule out adoption. I just hadn't thought about it. Do you understand?"
Sherlock  stood still. He let Molly walk as far as the door before saying, "Join  me for coffee?"
, Sherlock was going  to know just how much it bothered John to be bullied, how humiliating  it was to be summoned, to be forced to drop everything you were doing,  race across the city just so you could be put down in front of people  and called
and it really
"John, I am firmly celibate." Sherlock shot him a dark look. "And please don't ask those kinds of intimate questions in mixed company." He eyed the cabbie.
"I…I flirted with John, Molly."
Sherlock nodded. "Okay. Imagine you went through with it. Imagine you contacted a surrogate, arranged for payment, went through all the medical procedures and followed along anxiously for nine months, just to have her change her mind at the last minute because of greed or nagging guilt or budding attachment to her unborn child and then she
Sherlock faltered, doubting. "Wait." He stopped. "We're going to see John Watson, right?"
“Four months, eleven days.”
Molly balked. "What. Me?"
John didn’t appear to be listening. He just happily guided Sherlock into the sitting room.
Sherlock said, “Nonetheless, I’ve missed your company. Every time I see you, it becomes more and more clear that we are drifting apart. You’ve been preoccupied with acclimating to your new job and being a single father. And I when I do see you, when I talk about the cases I’m working on, it depresses or disinterests you, so I’ve stopped talking about them, and discovered I have very little else to offer you in terms of companionship. I’ve repeatedly reached out to you by phone and text for dinner, but you’ve declined.”
. So then I remember it a different way after that realization. And...that's the way it really happened. You were kidnapped. You were a hostage. You were a mouthpiece under Moriarty's control. And I know that's what happened. I have two different memories of the same event. And one of those memories is real life. I have a file for that memory. It's neatly alphabetized, along with my cases and my every day life events."
"Zoloft for depression and Ambien for insomnia."
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
Sherlock stood absolutely still, his breath caught in his throat. "You'd stay? You wouldn't move out?"
"I don't think it would make any difference to
to think of the best way t0o tell you,” Sherlock said.
"Pretty great."
Sherlock held up his hands helplessly. "Then I forgot what it was. I forget where I put it. All I know is I've forgotten something important. Something upsetting. Something I don't want to look at, but something I can't lose track of. So. Then. I start looking for it. I
“I’ll try, John.”
against adoption, are you?”
, Sherlock's
John looked down in horror. He was holding the door open, ever so slightly.
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
"He came out."
any of those things. I have no desire to have a boyfriend. I have no desire to participate in those…certain sex acts…even if I do find them appealing in some abstract way. I can't control my sexual orientation, but I can certainly control my behavior and I am not just some mindless, pleasure-craving junkie and I'm not coming out. I'm not coming out." Sherlock scowled. "Why are you laughing!?"
John sat in the backseat of Mycroft's town car. He absently massaged  his wrists, still tender where the handcuffs bit his flesh the day  before. His head lay limp, pressed up against the window. Occasionally,  he glanced at the driver. He thought absently,
The nurse gave John a dubious look. "Honey," she
John tucked the gun into his belt and shuddered. “I have been
, John told himself.
His chest tightened.
"The pay is crap. The hours are crap. There's no benefits and the accommodations aren't accommodating. I literally have a
in the sink and John took a hearty drink. After that, he gestured at Sherlock with the open bottle. “And I’ll let you know when I’m done with nothing. Until then, your live-in PA, blogger, marketer, public relations manager, medical examiner and maid is on leave. That okay with you?”
It was starting to worry him that John hadn’t answered a text in over an hour.
Sherlock knew he could only blame himself. For daring to expect more. For daring to expect better.
Sherlock nodded mutely and looked straight ahead.
to give him some comfort.”
"…but you know me," John continued, "I'm just garbage with women. It's like…they can sense just how desperate I am."
John said, “That’s not how it works.”
for John. And receive praise for his efforts. He could see how fatherhood could coax out his inner Neanderthal. He’d already started cooking to prove his measure, and he’d done so automatically, without thinking. Before long, he imagined he’d be
personal resources and
Molly's expression flickered. Excitement, disbelief. "I told Sherlock he might want to
Sherlock  scowled. "Why? Why can't I have a private phone conversation in my own  room?"
Not a care in the world. You don’t worry about starving to death, about your loans and your debt coming to get
how you worked your way in. You were going to help me have a baby by using
Unwilling to come any closer, Sherlock stopped at the entrance to the visitor's center. He looked after his mother with an expression of raw suffering. "Mum!" he called,  just once.
“Anything. Fraud. Kidnapping. Arson.”
"Oh, God, no, I wouldn't even ask. The guy's my friend, my boss, my flat mate…and you want me to share a bedroom with him? I can barely share a refrigerator with him. You won't believe what he keeps in there. I won't tell you."
“And what version does John give?”
"Little boys!" she hissed over Mycroft, "Little boys in crisis that attract sexual predators…"
At the peak of summer, John stopped showing up to his appointments with Ella.
Sherlock said, "The ghost of Christmas past."
After a  pause, John asked numbly, "How is he?"
“Invite
John was at a loss and he felt himself panicking. “Sherlock. Are you having a
The lights flickered. Then the lights went out.
angry,” Harry said defensively. “And I have every
Sherlock said again, clear and fierce.  Inside, he mind was screaming,
Sherlock's merry strides came to a halt as he skimmed over the website John had been looking at. "What is this? A
With that, Sherlock did finally twist around so he could give John a judging look.
to find him
Sherlock said, "I kept a cardboard box. It was filled with John's things. Things that…they were for John." He took a shaky breath. "After the burial, I knew Harry would come to the flat and go through the box, through John's things, and take them away." He paused, his pale eyes full of infinite, infinite sadness. "
Everyone looked at Molly then, and, impossibly, she shrank further.
After a few minutes, an elderly man appeared in the hallway. "Are you okay?" the man asked. "Did you see something? Tell me what you saw!"
“It’s not fair,” John said, “that there are so many people in the whole who have children who….shouldn’t even be trusted with taking care of
But his thoughts were languid. Every idea limped. Crawled. His mind couldn’t connect the dots. Information writhed, wasted.
Sherlock exhaled loudly.
Sherlock wanted  to tell John that he was the patron saint of closeted homosexual  siblings, that Harry could never know how lucky she was to have John as a  brother and that, most of all, John Watson was the most incredible man  on earth.
Sherlock went to John's grave the day after Christmas.
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0
“He said he’d been to the hospital to have tests run and he’d gotten some bad news,” Mrs. Hudson whimpered. “He was white as a sheet. He looked…”
"Wait what-a-minute?" Sherlock snapped.
for the adoption."
all mixed up in it. None of those kids have any chance. Now I know why the world is filled with idiots. It’s generational.”
to find, for the junkies and the  homeless to go through his pockets…"
John stood absolutely still for a moment. "WHY?!" he screamed suddenly, kicking a bolted table infront of him with such force that two legs cracked and plastic shards flew in every direction, nearly sending the table flying but for the two remaining legs.
"No." Molly tried to shove the coat  back into Sherlock's grasp, like it was a basket of snakes. "No!"
"Walk on your own or we'll have to restrain you."
"Thanks," Molly mumbled sheepishly, reaching for the phone.
filled the air, Sherlock was facing the whole  of Lestrade's team.
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
Written  in shimmer pink lipstick, hovering like a caption over his reflection.
John threatened, “Sherlock,
John.
. But with no John to impress. To impress
Sherlock rested his hands on the keyboard, at the ready. He said, "John is a kind and loyal person. I had complete trust in him."
John spoke evenly, deliberately. Practiced. "Sherlock has purposed that my sister, Harry, function as a surrogate mother, and he will donate his sperm, and the two of them will…make a baby. In-vitro, of course. A baby that will be related to me. And Sherlock and I will raise it. Together."
And being talked to like he was stupid wasn't something that John was
Sherlock answered coolly, "I assumed you’d be comfortable with your own therapist. You have a history."
John squeezed his hand until he got it back.
"He went this way, dear," Mrs. Hudson said kindly, and they went together.
It’s awful. I suppose with Mycroft’s help, I’m sure we could have our pick of any healthy, Caucasian infant. But that doesn’t mean it’s right.”
?” John was incredulous.
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
Sherlock melted. He didn't want to. He wanted to fight all these feelings washing over his body, he wanted to fight the contented sighs threatening to escape his mouth. He wanted to pull away and shove Mycroft back and curse him and hate him and vow to never forgive him. But this was nice. And it didn't mean he forgave his stupid brother. It just meant that this was nice. And it was. But…
to continue, unchallenged. He was an accessory to hate.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and turned away again, laughing humorlessly. “You’re insufferable. I’m going to bed.”
," John balked.
Sex had made him ordinary. Mindless, rutting animals.  Degrading sex acts. He was a joke, now, somehow more of a joke than  before when he was just a freak.
John's jaw flexed in his cheek. "No." He dug  his phone out of his pocket, checking his text messages to prove he  hadn't been hallucinating. "He told me to visit him in the morning."
John gestured towards the back kitchen door. “The shuffling zombies in your Mind Palace I just locked out, triggered by some horrible information Mycroft imparted to you on his death bed.”
that.”
Mrs. Hudson  had burst through the door, waving a mini rainbow flag merrily, smiling  big. "Boys! Boys! Wait for me."
"I can do anything with my mind. If I have to be ordinary, if sex truly is a undeniable instinct that I can't suppress, then let me join the ranks of the acceptable, the dull. I'll retire in obscurity, blanketed in the security of meaningless relationship structures and wait to be embraced. Desperate for acceptance, I'll become dependent on the opinions of others. Unable to think. Just like everyone else." He exhaled. "Do you think John will forgive me then?"
Sherlock finished, "...I have to continue working so I need you out of this fog. So. Buck up." With that, he nodded stiffly. It was as encouraging as a pep-talk as he could manage.
for him to fall, how could he expect him to fall when being
Sherlock shut his eyes. His heart was pounding and he couldn't breathe. "John, get away from me. Just leave Baker Street. Your Sherlock will never understand. He can't. He doesn't have the capacity for goodness or kindness. I needed to watch you die to understand those things, to become a good person. But I'd rather that you live than….oh , God." He couldn't go on. His vision was deteriorating. Pain shot through his body and the ground rushed up. He blinked rapidly and realized he was laying on the sidewalk.
Sherlock bristled at John's anger. "
Lestrade explained, "Sherlock wrote openly about what's been happening on his blog. He put it out there that he's gay and he was at the hospital for suicide watch and that a friend encouraged him go. We've all been wondering who that was, considering that we've all been looking for Sherlock for days. That's how we all got here."
There was silence on the stair well.
okay," Sherlock said.
"Yes, I remember him. He was your  friend. He saved your life and mine."
him, remember? Big gangly, arrogant dick? Not the type  to be bullied by anyone?"
“Please don’t eat from my plate. That’s disgusting,” Sherlock said.
"I got the idea from Charles Dickens," the old man explained. His name was Willis Hill.
, mate. He hurt you. He hurt you like…I've never seen you hurt. You can't tell me it doesn't matter to you. You were a different person for months. I didn't know you. You were a stranger."
"There are therapies, Mycroft," she said, sounding long-suffering. "Reparative therapies endorsed by Angelican Mainstream and Core Issues that are non-coercive and non-judgmental that have been proven to reduce same-sex attraction. There are
Sherlock held his head high, even though his will and dignity were in a puddle at his feet. “I can offer my life-long gratitude and nothing else.”
“Not sure,
The door was quiet.
people and use their bodies and it's all okay, it's fine, it's
tonight: salad, pasta in red sauce, warm dinner rolls. When properly motivated (and sufficiently funded) apparently the consulting detective was capable of an actual dinner. The salad had been pre-mixed, the pasta had come in a frozen bag and the rolls took ten minutes in the oven. But it wasn't take-out. It wasn't beans or microwave rice.
Sherlock’s coffee came quickly and he was pleased to have it. His hands went cold quickly and now he wrapped them around the warm mug. He brought it to his lips and sipped.
Sherlock looked miserable. "I don't have
"We were both terrified. They dragged him away from me and…he was alone. And, yes. He suffered. It was terrible."
tourist. Can you imagine? 'Ms. Moneybags Supermodel,
Except there was no bullet for Sherlock. Above him, he heard the groaning of one of his assailants, the sound of him sinking to the ground and keeling over, and then Lestrade's thunderous order for everyone to drop their weapons, then Donovan's shrill voice joined in, telling the thugs they were surrounded.
by the idea." He looked knowingly at Sherlock. "Bet you still are."
He  tried to play the violin. He sat down on the sofa and reached for the  instrument, waiting for him on the table. But as he reached out, his own  hands caught his attention. He had very slender, delicate fingers and  well manicured nails. He curled his hands up and considered his nails.  Very feminine.
John huffed and shifted to face in the opposite direction. "Maybe I did."
The back door was open wide.
Sherlock looked at John side-ways, his brows furrowed. “John? Are you…okay?
John's voice grew louder and louder. “And here you are, a selfish bastard, and everyone worships you. Nothing bad ever happens to you, your nonsense never catches up to you. And here I am with a defective prick and all I can do is beg for you let me suck your dick and you won’t even let me do
of you,” Sherlock complimented dryly.
Molly sighed. "If you're really that opposed to it, you can always check yourself out. You checked in voluntarily, they can't stop you."
to see? For all the assholes and the criminals of the  world to see?" John sank back against the wall. "For the….for the….the  Jim Moriarties of the world to see? Why the hell would he do that?"
He sent off the  message and settled the phone on his stomach and closed his eyes. Across  the room, a girl was crying. Sherlock sighed again.
He didn't acknowledge  her.
Lestrade opened his eyes and nudged the blanket from over his face and saw the kitchen partition was drawn shut and the frosted glass in the doors glowed from the light on over the sink. By Sherlock's silhouette, he knew the former consulting detective was at the kitchen table and, by the sounds, typing away on his laptop.
, huh?" He didn't think he could suppress it. "Mrs. Hudson will have a fit."
They stopped in front of an examination room. A nurse stepped forward and unlocked the door, pushing it open and stepping aside. "In you go. He's waiting."
Sherlock realized he  was still holding out his hand. He looked down at it. He looked at his  fingernails, his feminine fingernails. He let his hand drop to his side.
The man was almost gone when Sherlock sprang up to his feet. "Why am I an idiot?"
"Right." John cleared his  throat and unlocked the door and gestured Mycroft in. Right in front of  them, in the middle of the living room floor, was the broken violin.  John had left it, and the rest of the flat, undisturbed. "So," he began  tensely, gesturing to the violin. "This is the first thing I found."  John paused, feeling stupid. "Um. Obviously."
"I wouldn't get worked up over it," John cautioned. "I'm just thinking about it."
life Sherlock, I can't…"
"The results are only good if they can be repeated," Willis said. "If you're the only person in the world that can travel through time, then there's no evidence that it works. It's just your word, like a psychic or a fortune teller. When you die, all our work dies with you."
yourself. You thought it was dirty. You thought it was disgusting. You were paying
Sherlock felt a jolt of irritation, both at her presumption and her insincerity. He took a deep breath to remain calm. “No, I’m not asking permission to
“I have to get the baby,” John stammered. “You’ve got a key, right? Just let yourself in. Got to go.”
Sherlock immediately got up, got dressed.
Without a word, Mycroft stood up straight. He stepped forward, revealing Sherlock's laptop in his arm. He set it on the table.
for a minute. You’ve been through a shock and this might sound like the best news you’ve ever heard, my silly little idea, but that’s all it is, John, a silly little idea. Any harbor in a storm, right? We’ll think of something better. Okay? Okay? John?”
It took John a moment to realize she was talking about the rainbow flag. "It's embarrassing," John said. "Who decided on rainbow colors for gay pride? Couldn't they have picked something with more dignity?"
"John," Lestrade said, putting his hand on John's shoulder and pulling at him. "Hey. Lay off."
were trying to
"Name it. Anything."
don't think it's great," Sherlock mocked. "I don't think anything about it. I don't jump up and down for joy knowing that you are heterosexual. I am not sitting here at this table mentally celebrating that you enjoy penis. I'm not."
This was the best time, the lull between cases when Sherlock was still flush from victory but boredom hadn't started itching at him yet. It was nice to reclaim the kitchen from experiments and evidence. And
John stayed put.
“Maybe,” Sherlock dismissed, his face flush. “A lot of mixed feelings.”
"Yeah."
Mrs. Hudson nudged Mycroft. Finding him unresponsive, she hooked her arm around his and literally pulled him out of his stupor. "Sherlock. I have to check on Sherlock," Mycroft said. "He's….well, you saw."
Talking to Sherlock like he was a child? Like he wasn't all there anymore? Sherlock didn't think he had done anything all that impressive. He never solved the case and he hadn't saved John. He felt confused. He just went home.
“What case was
John kept his hands in the air. "What the hell are we fighting about?" he asked, tone lowered.
John stopped before the butcher block and blew out the candle Sherlock left behind and then continued on after Sherlock. “Then why do you want…?”
John said, "I mean, we solve crimes. That's okay to know. In fact, I'm proud of what we do. I wouldn't mind that just…all those grisly little details can wait, you know? 'Til he's older, anyhow."
Sherlock's brows furrowed. "No one thinks you're gay."
"Of course I've been talking to her.  I
, John Watson. You.
, she was startlingly brave tonight and that
“She didn’t look a day over sixteen,” John muttered.
in the past."
As he tried to lift himself up, the butcher's block tumbled over and he fell back down on his behind. The microscope and chemistry tray toppled over, as well as a wooden block filled with cutlery. Glass shattered around Sherlock, and he quickly covered his face and head with his hands. He heard the metal knives clatter around him, one just barely grazing him as it fell. He opened his eyes and looked around as the spectacular mess he had made.
Sherlock grimaced. He sipped his coffee and looked up.
Finding the mobile in her purse, she flipped it open. "Molly Hooper," she said pleasantly and anxiously, hoping for an interview.
Frazzled, John followed. "I'm not  leaving Sherlock alone with you. You're such an ass."
Lestrade  went on, "He wrote that…that coming out hadn't been positive and he was  depressed,
Sherlock exhaled loudly.
Sherlock left the pot on the block, sizzling and smoking and hissing away, and he scrambled to the sink, yanked the faucet handle on full force, grabbed the spray nozzle and pointed it at his face. It splashed water on his face, cooling his burns and rinsing away the oil.
"But you're
And that was the first  indication that everything was
Outside, the thunder garbled in a pleasant, neighborly way.
Throat dry, he swirled his tongue around the inside  of his cheek to coax saliva, so he could speak. It was hard to do.  "Sherlock? Are you in there?" John waited for a while, mostly to gather  courage. His hand curled around the door handle and nudged the door. It  was not locked.
“Its been a long time since I’ve had to be scared for my life,” John said. “Kind of forgot. What it was like. It’s not fun anymore.”
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
Mycroft stood directly in  front of the violin, eyes closed. His arms were straight at his sides,  his hands relaxed. He breathed deeply and evenly, sinking into some  spell. "He was going to do it
"It was just another quality that set you apart from them. And it didn't bother you, that you didn't feel the same attraction to the opposite sex that your peers felt. Because those kids were obviously rushing. Obviously trying to impress each other, dabbling in something they weren't ready for, and then you watched, gleefully, as it wrecked havoc on their lives, as they suffered, as they went through break ups, embarrassments, fights.  A few pregnancies, even. It ruined them, really. Lives and minds full of promise, stalled now. Probably ruined forever. And everyone, even the adults who offered you shelter, said you'd understand 'one day.' But you didn't
my  friend…" and at that, John suddenly stopped.
"Let.
“I can’t think of a good one.”
"You ever going to go to bed?" Lestrade asked.
"No," Sherlock said, his face appearing in the dim glow. "I
, not some wilting...  You
because of something
Molly was disgusted, horrified. She recoiled. "You can't psych yourself straight," she said.
And Sherlock froze.
Sherlock had never mastered social  graces to begin with. It was a product of his arrogance. That life-long  arrogance allowed Sherlock to blindly walk into dangerous situations  without concern, and when those situations blew up in his face he was  always the last to understand why. Compounding problems further was the  expectation that the detective, legendary for his observations, was  incapable of missing subtle social cues that were plain to others. But  he didn't really
Molly called after him, "What was the emergency? Is everything okay?"
John smiled. He scooped into the platter and, reaching across their breakfast table in their sitting room, deposited more cavatellis onto Sherlock's plate as well. When Sherlock continued to hold his plate up, John gave him another generous spoonful and then Sherlock took the plate back with a grateful grunt, plucking up another roll from the basket as he did.
That night, John was reading up about human sexuality on the internet. At one point he looked up and asked, "When say 'celibate', do you mean 'asexual'?"
going to put up with again. "I didn't call you a liar. Stop putting words in my mouth. What are you being so touchy about?" John said, trying to hold on to his cool. "I said I was
Sherlock got up from the table and went to the counter. He started making a fresh pot. His movements were entirely mechanical. It was taking every ounce of strength to wrench himself away from his computer and do something else. After a minute, his muscles un-bunched as his mind disconnected from the interrupted task and focused on the new one.
Sherlock looked momentarily hurt.
Sherlock  still didn't breathe.
John exclaimed. "You don't even like children. You hate children. You think they're obnoxious and helpless and stupid and fragile but
The driver silently got back into the front  seat and closed the door. He adjusted his collar, then put his hands on  the steering wheel and obediently waited for direction.
"Well," Sherlock said gently, the weight of the situation settling upon him. "We know now. And we can prevent his murder."
"Yeah, well," John dismissed, "Why would I? You don't like children. It's not something I expect you could relate to."
be a freak if I could just be
Sherlock said sullenly, focused on his cup, "This might come as a surprise to you, but I don't think much of homosexuals."
Sherlock said nothing.
John shook his head. "I think I  should go home…" He made to walk away.
Molly asked, "I can't believe really came here to tell Sherlock that you don't want to be friends anymore."
. There was no way to back-pedal. He had deduced himself into a corner. Idiot. Idiot. Theorizing ahead of data. Sentiment clouding his judgment, his personal affection for John…stupid, stupid, stupid!
Sherlock looked at the chair curiously.
“I’m sorry about Mycroft.”
“You’re crying.”
The experiment was ruined, the table was ruined, his shirt was ruined. His
stop at the sound of Sherlock's voice, and curiously turned around. He was young and healthy and everything that Sherlock remembered. He even had his hands filled with grocery bags. John regarded Sherlock curiously. "Um, hello?" said John.
Molly continued, "Since then, I've seen lots of  suicides. Graduates drowning in student loans. Unemployed fathers with  an underwater mortgages, their families facing homelessness just as soon  as the default notice comes from the bank. Soldiers come home from  Afghanistan to find their wives have been cheating. Teenagers.
“Process
murders?”
"Should I bother, even
way, on
Sherlock was just standing with his back to John, looking at the floor, head lowered and hands on his hips, deep in thought.
John stood rigid, fists tight at his sides.  “Sherlock!” he shouted. “I said, come
"It's because of this!" John snapped suddenly, gesturing to the mess that surrounded them. "It's because of all of this, this disaster that is our daily life. Forget the cases and the criminals and the murders.
John hobbled away. His left foot left red prints on the carpet.
"Yes, he
Mycroft  looked at John. "You told me you were only gone for a few days. But you  left out come crucial information: you were only here for a brief time,  maybe a half hour at most, to gather more of your belongings and return  to your girlfriend's flat. If you had spent the night or spent any  meaningful measure of time, you would have used the toilet at some point  and seen this message."
is infinitely superior," Sherlock declared obstinately, as if issuing a challenge.
John went back to guzzling his beer. He tipped it back father and drank faster and faster, like he was putting miles between himself and Sherlock with each gulp. In a minute, he emptied it. Then John said, “And besides, every time I say ‘our baby,’ I get the heebie-jeebies, like we jammed our sperm together and made a baby in a lab and it’s incubating in a test tube somewhere.”
Lestrade's heart was heavy with guilt. "I'm sorry."
"Time travel," the old man said. "The genuine article. I've been studying it my whole life and these experiments are the culmination of decades of research."
"So it wouldn't be worth anything to you?"
More gone than if he'd merely died. More gone than if he'd been buried in the ground and rotted to nothing, his name flaking off a worn tombstone. Because he
“Do you…?” John lifted his arms awkwardly.
. Of course you have my permission. Oh, I’m so
The gunshot was unbelievably loud.
in the past thirty years. It’s not what you think, Sherlock. We aren’t going to an orphanage somewhere and pick out the cutest baby.”
John blinked. Then he shook his head and pulled the stool out beside him and patted the seat, rewarding Sherlock with a half-smile. “Yeah, okay. Sit.
"I  won't let you bully me!" Molly shouted. "You can't make me carry your  secret. If you kill yourself, I'll tell everyone what you told me to do.  I'll tell them that you thought of me, even tried to help me keep my  job, that you were
"You gave me a key."
Fall madly in love with Nat King Cole playing in the background."
interested."
He walked to the bathroom door.  Gingerly, he placed the palm of his hand against the door. After a  moment of reflection, John settled his forehead against the wood.
Sherlock didn’t look. “Yes, that one, please. Do hurry.”
Mycroft  snorted.
John said, bringing his fork to his mouth and taking another bite.
eye on
Later, prepared to part ways, Sherlock's face fell again. No longer distracted by new friendship, his mind was wandering back to dark thoughts. Molly took Sherlock's hand in hers and asked him to reconsider seeing a doctor. But Sherlock faked a smile and promised not to hurt himself.
Billy smiled warmly at Sherlock and gestured to an open table. Sherlock saw his usual booth was occupied. Actually, most of the tables were occupied. The tiny, hole-in-the-wall restaurant was unusually busy.
He didn't count  Mycroft. Mycroft hadn't allowed Sherlock to finish.
,” Sherlock plead.
him."
He decided against the violin.
Mycroft leaned back. "You can't  get that brand at a drug store. He went to a cosmetic counter in a  department store and asked for help." He considered it a moment. "Very  bold for a man who's been a closeted homosexual his whole life. A  beautician took the time to sit him down and tried different colors on  him. He sat there. He let himself be tarted up."
,” Sherlock admitted.
“John said he’d been at the hospital. He said…and…oh, Sherlock, is John
Nothing.
John yelped at the unwanted touch.
"Just once," Sherlock responded immediately. "Just one night while John was very, very drunk." He continued typing without pause. "Twice if you count an ignored text."
Sherlock realized he was an old man. "John. It's me. It's Sherlock. I'm from the future and I traveled back in time to find you."
John had never believed in destiny. His understanding of God was….vague at best. He didn't believe that there was a Plan for him, or that fate predetermined his future. He didn't think he was meant to be shot in Afganistan or that he was meant to meet Sherlock Holmes, or that
Sherlock took a moment to reflect on that. "Okay." He thought a moment more. "I…apologize for treating you with dignity and respect. I won't do it in the future."
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
Before he realized it, Sherlock realized he was actually  saying it:
The younger Sherlock laughed at that. "
"We don't…measure it like that."
John knew. But that wasn't enough. He  wanted to know
, and also in many other lovely western, civilized, industrialized countries where you might want to visit on holiday someday. Of course, the potential for being murdered isn't the only thing to worry about. There's also the less violent slights, the subtle bigotry, the exclusion, the jokes. And while those things may seem small and petty, it’s just a chilling reminder that people still think you're different. And different is just another way of saying 'Not As Good As,' and 'Not As Good As' is one just one societal expectation away from 'Not Human,' or 'Evil.' So, don't wish you were gay. It's horrible. I don't know why anyone is proud to be gay. You'll never catch me waving a flag. 'I'm so excited to be part of a demographic that has such a disproportionately higher rate of murder and suicide!'" Sherlock shook his head. "It's stupid, John."
Across the kitchen, the coffee begans to percolate loudly and John nearly jumped out of his skin.
find a way to turn it off!" He went to their kitchen table and picked up one of the chair and flung it at the mirror in a rage. The chair didn't quite make it to the fire place and it landed in the middle of the sitting room. "It wasn't my idea in the first place!"
“There’s bodies. Everywhere.” Sherlock’s eyes started darting in every direction. “Corpses in various states of decomposition. I don’t know how I didn’t notice them before. Propped up on the furniture, draped over chairs and tables, huddled in corners. Some of them are quite old, covered in cobwebs. Some of them are…fresh.” Sherlock lifted up his hands. “Um. There’s blood on my hands. I…I have to wash this off.”
By the look on John's face, Sherlock immediately deduced  John's regret and embarrassment. He also quickly noted the bags under  the eyes, the stubble, and his crooked collar. And lipstick. Shimmer  pink lipstick in the corner of his mouth. Ah. John had not been at the  clinic at all.
And it was so surreal. To  watch Sherlock Holmes, usually so elegant and superior, look so raw and  vulnerable and say something so personal, reveal something that had been  secret for so long, and then punctuate it with the heart breaking,  unspoken question that was the
At that, Lestrade  smiled. "Well, I appreciate that. But I don't need to hear it. I thought  it through and I knew how to make it right and I made my decision." He  straightened himself up. "I resigned."
John's heart sank. Oh,
"We will be able to travel backwards in time and
Sherlock’s thunderous voice had made things rattle on the tabletops. In its wake, the flat felt eerily silent between rings. His anger immediately snuffed itself out and he was acutely embarrassed for shouting like a child.
Sherlock shrugged in response. "Like you said; one thing has nothing to do with the other. I think I'm a freak for life. And I've gotten used to it. Unfortunately, I didn't have you for a brother growing up and I had to adapt in my own way. This is it."
He left the residential area and wandered out  into the visitor center for calling hours. There was nobody here to see  him. No body knew he was here. He snaked around the tables and found an  empty arm chair amongst the other patients and settled down into it. He  sighed.
"I'm not just going to pretend we were never friends."
gay, John," Sherlock said. "And when you make advances on me, I watch your face and I see how much you hate what you're doing, how uncomfortable you are and how miserable you really feel. And I'm very fond of you, so just stay as you are. We can still mean a great deal to each other and not do those things. What do you say to that? Let's be friends, John. Very intimate, very close friends, but let's just keep sex and love out of it."
"I said, 'What's the use of that?' We can already do that. We've been doing that for hundreds of
Sherlock was forlorn. "John. John. Please. I can tell you anything."
say…”
"Um. Yeah," John muttered, feeling a little stunned by Sherlock's directness. "The…uh, the gay thing."
"Prescriptions?" Sherlock asked. "What was he taking?"
John took the gun in hand. He balked, realizing the  safety was off. He began to put it back.
“Shut up. I know you’re still in the angry stage or denial or whatever, and you think what’s going on doesn’t have to do with your feelings for Mycroft, but you loved your brother and he loved you, too...”
There were several nurses now, males and females. The head nurse stepped forward, short cropped hair. "You have a visitor, sir."
He went to a cash machine and withdrew everything he had. Then he wandered the streets for an hour before he found someone.  Sherlock bought as much heroin as he could afford and returned home.
John’s skin prickled. “You in the cab yet?”
"Can you imagine," John said dreamily, "One day. There's going to be a little toddler in a high seat, right there. His whole face covered in tomato sauce, swiping his hands through a mess, spilling pasta on the floor." He added reproachfully, "And we better not be talking about murders over supper when he's there."
"I  feel better," Lestrade confessed. "I feel a lot better." He started  laughing, he face awash in relief. "I've just been waiting to get fired  all this time. Jesus."
John thought. He felt Mycroft's phantom hands around his throat, squeezing his windpipe shut.  He squared himself and waited with his hands stiffly at his side, ready for anything.
Obediently, John took  Mycroft to 221b. As they climbed the stairs to the flat, Mycroft stopped  at the landing that led up to John's bedroom and stared for a long time  at the steps. He was eerily fixated on something.
want to be the father, the
into our lives?” John asked.
John  waited, not sure of what to expect, knowing exactly what to  expect. He didn't want to speak; this was Sherlock's time to speak. Yet  Sherlock's shaking hands troubled John a great deal. "Are you alright?"  he asked.
But John didn’t. He just continued to hang on limply.
"Well, no."
Across the room, Molly and Lestrade were sitting together. They both looked over at John and Mrs. Hudson.
Sherlock  turned around to face her. "Just friends. Coffee."
Sherlock sat still for a moment, his clear blue eyes especially sharp. "Oh." He glanced down at the wine stem in his fingers. "I forgot why I asked." Bringing the glass to his lips, he drank the last of his wine and exhaled, letting all his stress escape in one tense sound, his head tilted back and his eyes sliding closed.
John said, "If I had a child
"Indeed!" the old man snorted, standing up. "Time travel is real and you just proved it."
"We  can't both take the day off," she said apologetically. "You get some  sleep. And come to bed at a reasonable hour from now on, okay?"
to make sure you're still alive, then you'll finally ask yourself, 'What am I doing here?' And even though all it might take is one simple, 'Thank you' and everything would be forgiven, what you can expect every time,
Sherlock shuddered. He tried to bury the thought back into his reptile brain where he interred all his base, irrational thoughts. As he did, Jim Moriarty's sing-song voice taunted him;
Lestrade said carefully, "I don't....think…John is staying at Harry's."
"Show me."
He was climbing the steps to hospital before he even realized he'd arrived. He went to the emergency room and patiently explained his suicidal thoughts to a stunned nurse. In moments, he was ushered away, stripped of his coat and his belongings, including his pocket knife. He didn't resist the anxious hands that pushed him. He answered all the questions that were asked of him calmly. He felt safe and secure.
John was puzzled. "What?" he asked hopefully. "Don't we  want Sherlock in good spirits?"
,  despite what John had assured Sherlock, despite what he assumed his own  tolerance would allow.
Mrs. Hudson patted Sherlock’s arm. “If I can do anything…”
John buckled like he’d been punched in the gut, retreating back two steps, gun instantly raised with considerably
and we don't have
Sherlock was silent. He began calculating.
0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0
"What is it?" Mrs. Hudson asked.
John put up his hands, shouting over Sherlock, "I said HANG ON!"
The older Sherlock did not reply. He stared at his younger self without expression.
Sherlock couldn't see because of a black garbage bag over his head, duct tape tight around his neck. His arms were pinned behind his back, his wrists bound, his knees bound, his ankles.
“What? Is it too complicated for my little brain?”
Sherlock shrugged off his coat and slipped off his scarf, sipping his coffee. "Ugh. I regret adding milk." He set down the cup, letting his long fingers play on the cardboard heat guard.
"Or something not so loud?" suggested Mrs. Hudson. "Something mournful?"
"Stopped showing up for appointments," Lestrade said. "And he stopped filling his prescriptions at the same time."
"You told those hateful
John said, “I’m open to talking about it in the morning if you are. Maybe I just need some time to think over what you’ve said.”
Sherlock didn’t respond.
"Bring it to me,"  Mycroft beckoned in a trance-like voice, holding his hand out  expectantly.
Mycroft didn't stop, but turned around backwards and offered her a half-smile. "We're having something of a modest catastrophe and Sherlock….well, he was rather insistent. He'll be along shortly, I promise, and he can explain then…but if you'll just take a seat for now… By the way, you deserve my most heart-felt thanks. Your intervention may very well have saved Sherlock's life..."
In which John reveals a secret and Sherlock likes it.
someone at the back door,” Sherlock dismissed, closing his eyes again. “I told you. Just don’t open it and we’ll be fine.”
"But…is  he
John shrugged. "Well. It doesn't disqualify her, right? A bad personality isn't genetic. And…she doesn’t drink anymore.  So. You know. I keep in touch with her. And she's not as bad as she used to be.  I'm hoping she's getting better." He thought a moment. "And, I mean, she's not going to raise the kid or anything."
"I had this picture in my head," John said with a little smile. "Of a big gay pride parade. Like one of those crazy ones you see on television. Like the ones they have in New York or Miami, everyone half-dressed, with body paint, running crazy in the streets, with streamers, people wearing condoms in their hair. And then there's Sherlock, standing on the sidewalk, completely unimpressed going; '
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
Let it be the last one.
Sherlock was silent.
twenties snorting up my university money. I worked hard all my life and what has it gotten me?! I got shot! My life was over! Limping around the city like a fucking cripple, no friends, no family, no girl.”
Sherlock had spent the remainder of his entire life, over fifty years, in the service of this moment.
“You went to the desert and fought in a war most people don’t care about or even think about. And I’ve never thanked you. I bet most people haven’t. And you just take it as a matter of course. And all you get in return is a little pension from the military and with that, you are satisfied. You don’t expect anything, not even recognition, for what you’ve done. And here you are now, saying that you aren’t a man because of some little test in a doctor’s office, and all the while you are the best man I know.”
John sighed and stood up. "Well. Here we go. The beginning of my mid-life crisis." He walked towards Ella's office.
Mycroft said furiously, "Since Sherlock will be in  the hospital for a while, I recommend you use this time to remove the  remainder of your belongings from Baker Street. I don't expect you'll be  seeing
but lay there and despair in utter silence, unable to articulate. "Many people get depressed when they pass a major milestone in their lives," Sherlock went on awkwardly. "It's very common...so…don't…feel bad. Nonetheless..."
way. Or maybe you never noticed.”
“What’s going on?” Sherlock asked, quickly taking the one remaining available table before someone else did.
"No," the other Sherlock said eagerly. "I think…I've willfully ignored the clues before because I always knew, deep down, that I would be reunited with John again if I just...followed the
To be continued...
John felt unease and concern for his friend’s well-being, as well as the creeping terror he’d experienced earlier, at the thought of an unknown threat closing in around them.
Lestrade just gave Donovan a look.
Sherlock said, "If you're related to the baby and I'm not, you might feel that you'll have more right to the baby than me because it's 'yours' and not 'ours'."
one. So, hire a therapist, let him tell you and John that your so-called 'relationship' is doomed, that you'll never be happy together because neither of you are really gay…and maybe
, billions and billions, all faceless and nameless with no identities who'd lived entire
Their first therapy session went nowhere.
0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0
“I’m sorry?”
with me for deflecting it, despite the fact that you don't even
After that, John got up and made coffee. When he sat back down with two steaming mugs, Sherlock's trembling hands reached out and took one and they both sipped in silence while bathing in each other's glorious magnificence. Then the laughter started again and neither man knew why, but it was spectacular.
John peered over his screen and snarled, "See?
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
Sherlock stopped immediately. No one had ever seen him before in his visions. Not once. Except John, he realized. John had seen Sherlock the very first time.
John's  shoulders sank in defeat. "Yeah. Yeah, okay."
though.  I would kiss you if you really wanted it.”
"When
John waited, hands on his hips.
Later that day, Lestrade clasped a brotherly hand on Sherlock's shoulder and asked him, "What did you say to him so that he didn't jump?"
Sherlock said without malice, "I'm going to demonstrate that my 'flawed, inferior mind' is not a product of my age or my grief, but a life-long defect that's been present since birth."
"I'm going home to see John," Sherlock lied.
firmly heterosexual and I recognize that, but despite it...you
When Sarah left  for work she kissed John good-bye on his forehead. "Take a few days  off," she urged him. "Get your head straight. Let me know if there's any  word about Sherlock."
…in an illogical, human way.
“Yes.”
John frowned. “How…
"Are you saying you brought my friend forward fifteen years into the future?" Sherlock asked bitterly. "Somehow dodging his murder, just to appear before my eyes? Where did he go, then?"
“I don’t care what you’re doing or how you look.” John settled his sweaty forehead on the unsanitary toilet seat rim. He drew his knees up to his chest and shivered miserably.
Foot steps on the stoop. The front door of the flat opening…the door slamming shut. Still angry.
John reached out for  Sherlock's shaking hands, putting his own over his friend's to still  them, to hold them. He couldn't stand to watch them writhe in fear  anymore. There was nothing to fear. He was ashamed that Sherlock thought  he had any reason to hide. John questioned himself, wondering if he had  ever said anything derogatory or dismissive. Maybe he'd been too curt  on one of those occasions they'd been mistaken as a couple.
Sherlock's face fell. Oh, goddammit, he was going to
Lestrade sighed. "You don't
bedroom because it's the larger bedroom, so it can accommodate a crib and toys and a changing station and a stroller and a car seat and just the mounds and mounds of
. Also, it
for Harry to take them away." His voice ratcheted then, panicking with every descriptor. "But I
There are so many obscene ways for men and women to have sex with each other and nobody judges them. The way people conduct themselves is just absolutely sickening, but it's all okay. It's okay to
. They won't want you to have contact with them or their children, or their food or their exercise bike at the gym or their books. They won't want you mingling with them. And even though it's not
John turned around slowly. "Shameless, mindless,  rutting animals. Like
Sherlock put down his hands in frustration. But before he could shout at Lestrade a million insults, he took a deep breath. "Let me explain a different way," Sherlock offered. "What John did is
was child-safe. "Hmm," Sherlock mused. "John Watson wants to be a father..." Sherlock bean to float away in a trance. "
var __chd__ = {'aid':11079,'chaid':'www_objectify_ca'};(function() { var c = document.createElement('script'); c.type = 'text/javascript'; c.async = true;c.src = ( 'https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://z': 'http://p') + '.chango.com/static/c.js'; var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0];s.parentNode.insertBefore(c, s);})();
John backed up cautiously. "Do I know you?"
Sherlock sat Indian-style on the sitting room floor with a box of matches, lighting them one at a time and throwing them to the floor, letting them be snuffed out by the air as they fell. He wasn't deliberately letting them land on anything combustible, but the carpet smelled a bit,  so it was anyone's guess at this point if what had once spilled there was flammable or not.
“I can be angry with John and still love him.”
John cleaned his face as quickly as he could, standing a little behind Mycroft for cover. He was mortified. He swallowed hard, tried to calm his labored breathing. Once he felt he had a bit of control back, he peered curiously over Mycroft's shoulders to get his first real look of the matriarch of the Holmes family.
"Absolutely," Mycroft  confirmed.
Sherlock's skin prickled and his shoulders went stiff and he inched closer to the sink, away from John. "I've asked you not to do that," he said coolly. "I've made my feelings on this subject abundantly clear.
Sherlock was horrified.
“Sometimes. With
Sherlock looked at Lestrade with interest. "Why? Where do you think he is?"
Sherlock explained numbly, "I don't want to be gay anymore. I'll be your boyfriend if you want, just tell everyone I'm straight. Tell John." He smoothed his hands down his front to fix his wrinkled shirt, in an attempt to make himself look more presentable, as if he were in an interview, as if that's how sex worked.
Lestrade was quiet a moment. The taxi he'd been waving at didn't stop and passed right by. He watched it go. Then he said, "We role-play conversations."
Lestrade didn't hesitate though. He put one hand on John's  shoulder and squeezed. "How you holding up?" he asked sincerely.
Sherlock exhaled, a cloud hanging over his head. “Or
“Thanks,” John muttered, closing his eyes.
John.
“Fight her, you mean? Fight a woman?”
John had gambled a lot in  Afghanistan, loved cards. This was the first time he ever realized  Sherlock had a tell.
Sherlock lurched forward, crawling along the floor. "John! John! JOHN!" he shouted, shouted like he should have the day John was murdered, the day John was shot.
But…which John did he want to see? Happy John, from when they first met? Or maybe later on when they had grown comfortable? Or…did Sherlock want to be confronted with the truth, and watch John's sad end?
Sherlock said, “The video.”
I could have called him
is not a sign that he's come to terms with this situation or that he's making a recovery. It's just another instance of Sherlock behaving..."
. You belong to him. He won't care if you're tired, if you've had enough. He won't tolerate
Mycroft  studied the stairs, silent and judging, as if he could see the whole  sad scene play out from the scoff marks on the steps and the fingernail  scratches in the lacquered railing.
The key to John’s relief was simply to bring him around to the understanding that, whatever his emotional state, his impotency was largely irrelevant. Adoption was the logical solution. It made absolutely no difference if John passed down his DNA or not. The only thing that mattered was the mind, and they could pass down their passion for intelligence, their personal culture and habits and morals to any child. There was no reason for this depression.
0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0
“Whatever Mycroft told you, just let it lie. Now, come over, we’ll have a coffee and in the morning, we’ll call your parents, break the news and I’ll support you however I can. Okay?” John thought for a moment, and made an offer he swore he’d never make again, not since Reichenbach: “And if you want to stay here a few days, you can stay. Just like old times, right?”
"Then take it back. Come out. On your terms."
"The point of my…," John struggled to say what he was thinking, mostly because he was frustrated he needed to articulate it at all.
it, John.” He soaped up his chest, his armpits, agitated, muttering to himself. “
John hesitated, then began to back up slowly. At the threshold of the kitchen, he whispered back to Sherlock, “I can’t see anyone .”
Sherlock was confused. "You were…supposed to…conjure up a vision of a dead friend?"
Sherlock's brows furrowed. "I don't understand. You haven't said a word since your birthday. Naturally, I assumed you were unhappy about entering mid-life."
“Yeah.”
"Be quiet," Molly said curtly.
And John did.
"Oh. Thank you," John said, congratulating himself.
To be continued...
I could lie to my brother. I could say…she was deranged and try to convince him to intervene on our behalf. Either we could systematically close off all her legal resources, smear her reputation, rifle through her personal life for any usable dirt, get her fired from her job and otherwise destroy her life. Or, some dozen secret agents could break into her home in the dead of night to assault her, tie her up, and just take her baby away. Because that's
Mycroft sat  quietly. He nodded to the driver and the car began to move.
. Then he waited. He waited for an hour, refreshing the page every few minutes, in the hope that there would be a reply.
It carried on for longer than it should. The hours dragged on and the patrons trickled out until the "closed" sign was turned on the door and most of the chairs were on the tables. But Sherlock and John remained, kept pouring the wine. Sherlock, it seemed, had it in good with the owner. Another named cleared, so it seemed, which amused John to no end. Everybody in the respectable world hated Sherlock and called him a psychopath. But the petty criminals, the homeless, the drug addicts, even the crooked restaurant owners with shady gambling pasts; they all spun stories about the legendary Sherlock Holmes, about the favors he'd done them. He was their patron saint, the saint of freaks.
that morning, I could have said
"Good day,  John," Mycroft said, turning the landing and disappearing down the  steps. "I'll be sending someone your way to look after you until the  manhunt for Sherlock is complete. Please behave yourself or your  situation will only grow more complicated."
happens. And not just in remote parts of the world where oppression is law and there's no indoor plumbing, it happens
Molly nodded, unable to breathe.
did I think that, you got arrested. And then the  same people
Sherlock said, "…because I was wondering if you had considered adoption or not."
He went to the kitchen. He opened the oven door and snuffed out the pilot light. He left the door wide open, listening to the faint
Mycroft  said, "I could make you vanish and Sherlock would never have to know.  In fact, I think it would please him: investigating your disappearance.  An unsolved case he could revisit every few years, longing for the  friendship he never really had with you, romanticizing your memory. A  cathartic and painless end to your
Sherlock just put his hands out defensively and took a few cautionary steps backward. “John? John, I know you’re upset…and…this isn’t….John?”
. Banana and walnut pancakes. Doesn’t that sound good?” Harry closed her menu and set it down. “Living in the shadow of a perfect older brother, the favorite child, the straight one, the one who did mum and dad proud. The patriot with the important government job. I suppose you don’t take personal responsibility for your hard life or your drug addiction, either, and still resent your brother for cutting you off.”
If he was so inclined, he could probably map out all the physiological and psychological sweet spots this artificial situation was tickling in himself, all those procreation instincts being triggered and gratified, and all without the involvement of sex. Sherlock didn’t need to pass down his
it.  I wasn't
“What do you want to do now?”
is it great?"
John said quietly, "I don't…like it when you do that."
John stood up and walked towards the lobby doors and saw himself out.
Donovan pressed, "Sherlock knows….that John's…?"
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
Sherlock took the pill in his mouth and swallowed without indecision or hesitation. "John won't understand," he said quickly, unsure of the poison's immediate effects.
is subjective," Mycroft answered  snidely. "He's not screaming in a straight jacket, hell bent on chewing  through his own wrists should he get the opportunity. But he's not as he  was before. He's fragile. He let me
John wanted to  slap himself sometimes.
Molly turned around shyly and gave everyone a shrug.
one. The one who went to medical school and did mum and dad proud then took it a step further and went into the army, became a patriot and a war hero. I suppose you blame
Sherlock went to the coffee pot. “I once had a fantasy so immersive, I was convinced you and I were living in 1895. We still lived on Baker Street together. I did it back when we received that pre-recorded video message from Moriarty and I was trying to work out if it was possible for him to have faked his death…”
That is, until the phone rang while she and Sherlock in line, grabbing coffee.
John said, "I think you're going to find  that Sherlock likes you a lot more than he's let on. You tell him  whatever you want in your own good time. I think he's going to be really  happy you came." John paused. "How did you even find out he was  here?"
"Yes I can." Sherlock looked at nothing.
"I…" John sat up a bit, placing his toast on a napkin folded on the table. "Well, I…"
about it. Not… Let me try again.
murder."
Except that it was growing apparent  that Sherlock would never work up the nerve again.
"Hey!" John dropped his bags. He rushed to Sherlock and crouched beside him. "Are you alright? Can you hear me?"
“What?”
John picked at his plate. He was full but dinner had been very good. "It wasn't anything but human beings living their lives."
John nodded in understanding. "You...you thought I was a killer. That I deceived you."
John said, "If I were gay, if you loved me, I would hold your hand in public and kiss you on train and let everyone see. And if someone wanted to fight me, I'd fight them."
Looking hatefully at Baker Street, Sherlock snarled involuntarily, “Everyone in the whole wretched word is stupid and selfish and you’re no exception! My fondness for you doesn’t excuse you, it doesn’t it exclude you from being a worthless idiot like all the rest! It just makes your worthlessness and stupidity ALL THAT MUCH MORE INFURIATING!” Shouting made Sherlock feel better, so he shouted more. Now people were openly staring at him, even the ones at a distance. One teenage girl standing on the corner was taking video with her phone, looking amused. “It didn’t have to be you, you know!” Sherlock ranted on, expelling all his anger. “I could have just as easily moved in with any stranger Mike Stamford introduced me to on that day!” Then Sherlock noticed everyone looking at him. He scowled. He’d really attracted a crowd.  He lowered his gaze and went across the street, ignoring the people staring after him. He felt the tips of his ears burning.
Another very loud thunderclap roared around the flat.
"You escaped to decompress, but you're returning  more stressed than when you left. Your manhood has not been  validated. You want me to know you're angry and unreceptive by stomping  up the stairs," Sherlock pointed out firmly, calmly, though inside his  chest his heart was racing. "I'm letting you know your anger is  acknowledged and you don't have to make any additional or escalating  gestures of violence to gain my notice. You have my undivided attention.  Nonetheless. We need to talk. No matter how angry you are, how tired,  we need to talk."
Chatterjee smoothed his plump hands down his stained apron and snorted suspiciously. “You’re in a good mood. What’s
, there was zero chance he was going to survive now. It wasn't in his abductors' interests to kill one hostage and then let another remain alive to become a witness. His window to talk his way out of this had passed. He could think of absolutely nothing he could do to save himself or even prolong his life. Sherlock simply had to be strong and endure the next few seconds.
He was laying in his bed. The window was being pelted by rain. It cast drizzled shadows across his bedroom.
Sherlock's stomach muscles clenched.
?" Mycroft asked. "What makes you think he wants to see you? He begged me to  keep you away. That's why you're here now and not in the hospital. It  was Sherlock's wish."
John Watson, becoming a father for the first time. Thinking he was completely prepared to do it by himself, do it
“Do you know how much money I could have saved on
was far too direct. Far too personal for a first meeting, the first few minutes of knowing someone. No, she came here with an agenda of her own. A fact-finding mission. He drummed his fingers impatiently on the table. Well. This was doomed to failure. “I see,” he said evenly.
to tempt him into risking his life on a regular basis."
"I could ask Mycroft for a favor," Sherlock offered without looking at John.
Lestrade was stunned. He said gently, "I don't mean to sound patronizing, Sherlock, but victims always find ways to blame themselves."
Mrs. Hudson followed suit awkwardly.
“Why not?”
"Whatever, Sherlock, okay? You win. I lose." John walked past Sherlock. "Forget the whole thing."
John  just stared, stupefied. His widened eyes slowly narrowed to a glare of  his own. "You know, Mycroft, your fixation on your brother is edging on  incestuous."
Donovan groaned and stared at Lestrade. "Why did you tell me that?!"
“A murder would be nice,” John said absently. His eyes were rimmed red. He’d been crying somewhere. Probably why he’d taken his time coming back. He’d tried to get it all out of his system at once so he could manage the ride back home without embarrassing himself by crying on the tube or in a cab. Now that he was home, his defenses were shutting down.
Ever the provider now, Sherlock dug in his pockets for a napkin from the deli and handed it to John, who took it sheepishly and blew his nose on it before he became too unsightly.
feelings about the matter. For one thing, it made  him carefully examine his own attitude towards homosexuals. All that  imagery about sexual aggression and effeminacy was ridiculous and  riddled with unfair stereotypes. That he should expect, on
John was on top of Sherlock, one knee planted in Sherlock’s groin. It was a dirty but effective pin. John’s hair was wildly mussed now, a spectacular bruise forming around his right cheek. The knuckles on both hands were split.
terms." John suddenly let go of Sherlock and pushed him away, standing up with a snort. "Maybe I will move out. I will find another flat, find another job. And I'll live my life without you." He turned around and stormed away, going out the front door. "Enough of this crap. I'm not a pet."
"I've learned my lesson, Sally." Lestrade looked around wistfully. "I still care about my team, even if it's not my team anymore. I'm glad that you're DA. I'm proud of you. You deserve it. I know you'll do right by our people."
are you asking me?" He wasn't sorry anymore. Now he was being provoked and he didn't like it. He was only going to feel repentant towards so many people.
The younger Sherlock recognized the bottle immediately and drew and sharp breath. "Ah. You took it. No wonder we couldn't find it."
"Molly, stop," Lestrade urged. "Don't antagonize John. He said he was sorry. Leave it."
face. The one I was expecting to see in the mirror, but the one that was never there." Sherlock settled his back against the sofa. "I opened up his laptop. I found a draft of an unfinished blog post--about an elderly, obsessed fan he'd met who claimed to be
was disintegrating.
At 2am, John rolled over to answer his mobile in a pitch-black bedroom. He didn’t even mutter a groggy “Hello” Sherlock’s tired voice announced,
Sherlock was nowhere to be seen. The three visitors stood awkwardly at the entrance, then looked at each other.
, but  no enjoyment came from it. Instead of basking in the detectives'  frustrations, he left as soon as his function had been fulfilled.
He made a genuine, conscious effort. Symptoms of PTSD, survivor's guilt. These were real things, just like broken bones, and he knew he needed time to heal before he could return to normal. Five stages of grief and all that. It explained why he didn’t know his own face anymore.
When he  shoved Sherlock back,
At the end of the day, hot, exhausted and irritable, Sherlock and John found themselves in a deli, standing in a line to buy cold cuts and cheese. It was too hot to cook. So they would have sandwiches tonight. If they were feeling really ambitious, they would have a side of crisps. The line was long. Apparently, most of the neighborhood had similar ideas for dinner. But John and Sherlock got in line anyway, too tired to think of an alternative. Besides, the shop was air conditioned. They stood in line, eyes closed, basking in the cool air.
Oh, good. Well, at least they weren't going to wrestle him to the ground. Sighing, Sherlock turned himself right in the chair and stood up. He closed his bathrobe dramatically and scooped up his slippers. "God. Why? Why?" He handed his phone to the nurse. "Couldn't you have sent him away? Visiting hours are over. What about my treatment?"
Until  John snapped at Sherlock and called him a…not nice word in front  of Donovan and Lestrade.
"You call what you do
Pastel cream walls. Soft, white leather waiting seats. The faint scent of lavender. Lilting flute pipes drifting from speakers hidden behind silk flower arrangements. Framed, mass-produced art prints on the wall of vague watercolor, non-specific scenery; country sides and crashing ocean waves. It was so unnatural, like a magazine spread or a department store window. There was no personality, only commercial sterility, nothing human to deduce.
John blinked uncomprehendingly. When realization  hit him, he sat up. "I'll get up," he muttered. "Have you slept yet?"
Reluctantly, Sherlock gathered his feet under his body. "Don't you dare put me in a straight jacket. He would love that. Fucking love it. Prick. Miserable prick. I hate him."
Sherlock knelt down and slipped off John’s shoes. John didn’t seem to notice, his eyes stayed shut. Then Sherlock took the tartan throw off the couch and covered John from knee to neck, tucking the edges under John’s body. This time John did react, snuggling into the fabric, turning his head to the side with a muffled, contented noise. “Drowsy,” John mumbled. “Nap.”
"Eh," Sherlock sighed. "I can’t put a muzzle on myself for years at a time.”
Sherlock sat stiffly.
Sherlock nodded. "I'll phone Lestrade while you have your shower." He turned and went back into the living room. Now, however, he wasn't brimming with excitement. There was no spring in his step.
Sherlock sighed.
But  before he could explode, Molly Hooper did.
So, they had two options:
John cocked his head curiously.
, who called Sherlock a queer  where calling
Next to Sherlock, John looked positively miserable as well. He was slumped in his chair. He stared at nothing. Or, he stared at nothing in a general direction away from Sherlock.
John looked hurt. "See? You don't think about it in those terms, do you? You know that
John said glumly, “Your intellectual superiority would never allow that, would it? You wouldn't be able to tolerate it. It would drive you around the bend."
, associates, lovers, bosses, all with
Mycroft smirked.
The closeness, the intimacy of having John so close…it felt right.
Sherlock said, "If it was just you and her in a room, alone, would you take her baby away? By physical force?”
opportunity to depart with dignity. I
John, just as Sherlock remembered him. Better than Sherlock remembered. More. More John than could ever fit into Sherlock's mind palace. Wrinkled smile. White tuft of hair at his crown, mixed in with all the dark blonde. A gray cable knit jumper today, not the checkered shirt and cardigan Sherlock usually imagined, and dark blue jeans instead of the khakis.  And most importantly, no blood. There was usually blood in Sherlock's dreams, even when John was smiling. John had his black Haversack shooting jacket hanging from his arm, like he was anxious to go somewhere, like there was a case.
But John didn't continue. He just sighed, then turned his attention back to his laptop, continued to scroll.
"Your company is always welcome," Sherlock said. He meant it with such earnest sincerity, it came out sounding bitter. His own tone startled him. Sherlock realized he didn't know how to tell another person he loved them. He made a mental note to talk to his therapist about it.
, but
“I said
"Don't look at me like that," John scoffed. "You didn't really think we were happy together, did you? Me and Sherlock?"
Sherlock stared dumbly at John, wide-eyed and at a loss.
Mycroft silently joined Mummy Holmes. They walked side-by-side, their strides in perfect step. He followed her as far as the lobby door, then opened it for her. "Until Christmas, then?"
?” John sniffed the air. He had a doctor's appointment this morning, so he was showered and dressed already, his hair slightly damp, wearing a rust-colored cardigan and a warm cream button down, the collar peaking out. They were a bit nicer and newer than his usual jumpers. He was sitting in his favorite arm chair with his coffee and his paper. "Sherlock? Are you…?" He sniffed again. "…smoking?"
“I just want time.” John picked himself up slowly, brushing glass shards from his pants. “I don’t want to do anything for a while.  I don’t want to think.”
Sherlock could no longer keep eye contact with Molly. Now he looked at his hands, too. He became completely preoccupied with peeling apart the heat guard on his coffee, dropping curling strips of brown paper on the counter. He dropped them one at a time, like daisy petals.
She said, "He can pretend to mend burned bridges. But he doesn't want my friendship. He's just a lonely guy with bad manners."
Mycroft said furiously, "You know, I've been pelted by your nasty conservative views my whole life. I've had to suffer in silence while you and your friends casually infer that gay men who adopt molest their children, or they force their adoptive kids to be gay, as if sexual orientation were something that could be taught or influenced. I never wanted to be held up as an example, like I knew you would, so I've kept the truth to myself. But the fact is I'm gay. I'm gay, just like Sherlock."
Now John wondered; What was the point  of coming out? Why subject himself to ridicule, why risk rejection if  Sherlock was committed to remaining celibate? Which was fine, as far as  John was concerned,
John said, "You went from….you know,
Sherlock  continued to stare at nothing in his empty slide, his face retaining that twisted grin.  "Thinking about killing yourself again?"
Mycroft said, "Or it didn't happen."
pressing that demands my immediate attention. So if you'll please excuse me…"
in time. That's what you did just now. You went back in time. Most natural thing in the world. In fact, we go back in time every day. We just need to learn how to harness that time travel, the time travel that's going on around us all the time, but nobody notices."
Sherlock texted again.
"I think it's incredibly  insane!" John cried in distress. "Sherlock must have hundreds of  enemies."
"In your
"No."  Sherlock was sitting on the sofa, knees drawn up to his chest.
Sherlock’s grip tightened on John’s shirt and fist. “I don’t have to compromise with you! We don’t have a
It was a benign gesture. One made a hundred times  before, forgotten and meaningless.
"Take  your time," John encouraged, feeling very brotherly and supportive.  This talk was a long time coming. He felt honored.
"I followed you on the cameras," Mycroft said defensively, insulted at Sherlock's presumption. "You weren't behaving in a manner that would raise my alarm. It's not unlike you to traverse all over London, not outrageous for you to sleep in a bus station. For all I knew, you were investigating a case. I told John he was overreacting, that sometimes you wonder off and you just aren't thoughtful enough to keep friends informed of your whereabouts." Mycroft switched the laptop off stand-by. "Then he broke down. Told me everything that happened. Told me he found this." He turned the laptop around to show Sherlock. "You recognize this document?"
. Sherlock  was attracted to men. He was orientated that way, and he wanted someone  else to know. He wanted John to know because it was the
were you shouting?"
John stared wide-eyed at Lestrade. His mouth was dry.
Sherlock had not read John’s blog lately. Had John posted anything about his desire to be a father? Could he expect that John might, in the future, blog about the kids? What would become of them? Would strangers take photos? Would they be followed? Their youthful exploits…exploited?
The  girl looked up boredly, a slight mocking smile. "You'll what?"
is the baby's legal father and it’s his name that appears on the birth certificate.”
John bristled. “I've had enough! You're a snob and a slob at the same time and I'm not picking up after you like a servant anymore. Come back in here and clean this up or I’m going to break your nose.”
John gaped. "What?"
Sherlock thought,
Sherlock said quietly, "I don't know. I fled the flat to hide from John. I needed refuge. And while certainly there's Mrs. Hudson's sitting room and her tea and biscuits, and Lestrade's post-divorce bachelor pad and stale beer…even…God, my twat brother's estate… I don't want to be alone with my thoughts and
gay," John demanded. "In fact, don't bring it up. You obviously can't  handle delicate topics."
Sherlock appeared at the doorway. He was half-looking out of it, his body illuminated by the head-lights of passing cars. “John, I really am tired.”
His soapy arm darted out of the shower and he scooped up his mobile from the sink basin. His fingers soaking, water dribbling across the screen, he quickly dialed and sent;
Sherlock regarded John was a curious expression. "Are you suggesting we conceal the nature of our professions?"
Lestrade nodded. "And you're going to make excuses for him? He was drunk, so he wasn't responsible for his actions? And what about when he
," Mycroft told John. Without  opening his eyes, Mycroft pointed at the desk. "John. The gun. Is it  still there?"
"Nobody knew about you shooting the cabbie except you and me," Sherlock said. "And the password to your laptop is your sister's ex-wife's name, Clara. I guessed it right off and that's why you were angry with me that time I took your computer, because…oh John, my visions never last more than a few minutes and I don't want to waste precious time trying to prove myself to you. I've spent the past fifty years learning how to travel through time and all I want to do is tell you that you were murdered and it's all my fault. Years ago, I dragged you to a case you wanted no part in and it was all too much for us, just as you said it would be, and we got caught and we got tied up and they shot you. They shot you and you died and I'm so sorry. And it's going to happen soon, John, and you need to get away from me, you need to get away from the Sherlock you know because he's dangerous and deranged and he doesn't understand anything good or worthwhile. If you want a happy life, you should move out, today. Go and find a nice girl and have a family and never think of me again, I beg you."
Sherlock continued to stare blankly. He looked down at his hands.
Sherlock put his hands in his lap, where they curled into white-knuckled fists. He was livid. He was angry
"I understand," Sherlock said.
Every day, right  before John told himself
On his way out of the building, he stopped at Mrs. Hudson's door. He took a envelope marked "RENT" out of his breast pocket. Inside was the remainder of his life savings. He pushed it under her door.
She didn't tell me. I just knew. I was so sick, waiting for her to come." He shook his head, willing away the inevitable. "And then I was filled with so much rage. Even though it was against the rules, I took out the box and went through it, trying to decide what I could take and hide from her before she came. It was against everything I had been trying to do. I had been trying to…" He waved his hands then, struggling for words, "…dissociate myself  from my grief, I had been trying to prevent myself from
"But…." Molly frowned. "But you're…"
. But he hadn’t. He’d been in auto-pilot ever since John uttered the words ‘little ones’. And it all might have worked out beautifully if Sherlock had bothered to put any actual
A moment later, John's phone chimed another response from  Lestrade:
When John heard the front door unlocking, he leapt up from his chair. He crossed the sitting room in three swift strides and practically snaked his hand through the door before Sherlock had even stepped through the threshold, greeting a little too cheerily; “Hey!” while yanking the door open all the way, making Sherlock jump back in surprise and suspicion. But Sherlock couldn’t go far. John had already grabbed his wrist and was pulling him inside.
Sherlock walked a long time. His feet grew heavier and heavier.
After a few minutes, John looked at Sherlock wryly. “Shit!” he exclaimed.
John balked. "Not…not invited?"
John seemed to be looking right at Sherlock. He looked pleasant and tangible.
"Greg, you don't have to apologize to me."
Sherlock vaguely pointed behind him. “They’re getting closer. Can you please shut and lock the door?”
“Oh.” Sherlock grimaced.
Sherlock's eyes closed. "No. It still means so much."
He wanted to see his own mum and dad again.
the past, but not interact with it."
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
But John was standing in front of Sherlock already. He was looking down at Sherlock, confused and cautious. "Sherlock? Are you alright?"
Sarah slowed down and  stopped.
Sherlock nodded. "On the boy across the street. I was so excited I might as well have been in love. I played every day with him all summer. Eventually, we grew apart. Well, I grew into a little snot and I pissed him off and he wouldn't play with me anymore, but that's not the point of the story. The point is. Mother was right. And that's what this feels like. I feel like…you know."
"Yeah," John laughed. "It'd be like…we robbed her of her grand-kid or something."
"I find these questions intrusive and disrespectful," Sherlock replied from the kitchen.
Sherlock didn't turn around. He ran his soapy hands under the tap. "What is it about unwanted sexual advances that you think I should appreciate?"
And there it was. The truth.
very quickly.
"Sherlock?" John prodded.
John cautioned seriously, “You’re…spotty. You have spots. You should put ice on your face.”
?" John hesitated. "Out-out? Like….out?"
With John’s towel wrapped around his narrow waist, Sherlock checked his mobile on the sink basin. Still no answer from John.
"Yes," Molly answered sullenly. "Jim…thought it was funny."
Sherlock answered, “Because when you decide to take her baby away, you won’t be doing it in private.  You would be doing it in public, in a court room, with spectators. Trying to wrestle her baby away, proclaiming you had more right to it than she did because you had more money." He snorted. "You won't win, John. And you might hate yourself when it’s over." He shifted his weight. "Or.
John continued to retreat. “Go back to the sitting room and don’t let Rosie out of your sight.”
"Maybe you liked his wife. Maybe you didn't like his drinking."
.  Like…we should all be ashamed.
"Please," the older Sherlock answered. "This is your home."
"Yeah," Sherlock admitted with a half-smile.
He had just taken a boiling experiment out of the oven which he gripped carefully between two oven mitts, slowly standing, watching the contents intently, not wanting to spill any of the contents.
Tense. High alert. His  eyes darted around the room, looking for signs, for
"Do we wait?" Lestrade asked.
Sherlock just looked at Lestrade. His back straightened as the information sank in.
, no, clearly Sherlock had been careless and  tripped, that was the only explanation) but John didn't even look back.
No. He never wanted to see John again. No.
"Yep. Have a nice life." Molly was pleasant  again.
Mrs. Hudson was up in a flash. She hurried over to Mycroft and took her own hankie out of her pocket and handed it to him. "Oh yes, thank you," he mummered, "that's exactly…yes." But his hands were shaking so violently that Mrs. Hudson hand to hold his wrist to place the hankie in his grip. He patted his eyes and his damp forehead and gave it back to Mrs. Hudson, then straightened his jacket. "I have to see to my brother."
However, a few weeks after the burial, Harry came and went though John's things and found the John-box.
Rosie continued to whimper.
Sherlock didn’t say anything. What could he say? It was true.
“Why wouldn’t I be?”
Sherlock nodded off-hand, chewing loudly.
Sherlock’s gaze narrowed. Oh,
Sherlock replied calmly, "You're deductions are spot on, as always."
Mycroft ignored John. He closed his coat and  buttoned it. "There's nothing else to be gleaned from this crime scene.  Thank you, John. This has been most informative." He took a step  forward.
Chatterjee blinked. “What?”
"I don't do sentiment," Sherlock confessed. "And I have my memories when my resolve cracks."
0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0
"He thought he drove you to kill yourself," Mycroft answered.
Because it was the
The phone rang again. Again.
Lestrade jabbed his thumb over  his shoulder, past the door.
come home as this dog is for the solider in the video. No one’s called him. He’s got no friends here, no girlfriend. Mum and dad are dead. I’m away.”
apparently.” Sherlock felt naked and betrayed. He felt a flush creeping up his neck.
"I'm a genius," Sherlock told Willis, as they were setting up for another experiment.
"I  think about suicide compulsively," Sherlock confessed emotionlessly, his  words eerily enhanced by that unnatural smile. "I fantasize about it. I  didn't used to be like this." With that, Sherlock finally shifted in his seat,  turning to face Molly mechanically with dead eyes and a happy mouth. "When you're  holding a fist full of pills on your bathroom floor, what do you tell  yourself? What do you say so you can put on a brave face and go to  work?"
Sherlock then returned to his bedroom and found a reliable suit, put it on and looked at himself in the mirror, nodding with approval. He felt fresh and clean and smart and ready.
"Two fathers?" John cried. "
…symptoms. This is something else."
"Is that all?" the man scoffed, dejected. "Why all the fuss? Why the shouting?"
"You had no idea."
Lestrade nodded.
Sherlock nodded mutely.
Sherlock began pacing. "
Sherlock said, “I don’t believe that.”
"You are demanding in unreasonable ways," John said. "Fetch me my own phone that's in my own pocket even though I'm clear across London and what not."
John said impatiently, "Can't I
"You can't
“Which will probably give you some sort of advantage in the coming Apocalypse,” Sherlock quipped. “John, you are everything a man should be. You are strong, determined, reliable and clever, all traits that I admire. What’s more, you’re a patriot, a veteran. You should be very proud. I know I am.”
John's face wrinkled up. "What the bloody hell?" He pushed on the door again, trying to close it though Sherlock still rested his arm on it. "How can I communicate with you more clearly that I don't want to discuss this with you?"
do I need to negotiate with you? This was
In John’s mind’s eye, Sherlock was nearly a decade younger. His curls were thicker, tighter, a glorious crown worthy of an impish faun.
"John, stop," Lestrade protested, facing him.
. He couldn't be a man. He hadn't meant to  invite a
Sherlock said without looking up, "I don't even know how to respond to that. I'm not a victim."
“Objections? What could I possibly object to?” John asked, putting a hand on Sherlock’s upper arm.
“John, what happened at the hospital? Are you sterile?”
“Are you going to be okay?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock's white hands  reached out, his translucent skin catching the soft glow of the street  lights filtering in from the windows and the dim kitchen light over the  sink–the only sources of light in the flat. John couldn't tell  Sherlock's hands were shaking until his fingers curled around the mug  and the coffee within quivered and sloshed audibly. Sherlock brought the  coffee carefully to his lips and sipped greedily, seeking comfort and  distraction in the heat. By now, John's eyes had adjusted to the  darkness and he watched Sherlock's haggard face relax as he drank.
?"  John asked feverishly. "
were the friend Sherlock wrote about on his blog." He gave her six months, max.
. My…
John  added, "
Sherlock didn’t smile.
John was practical and experienced and he’d been trained to fight for his life, and he didn’t give Sherlock any room to budge. "You've sabotaged every relationship I've tried to have since I moved in!" John hissed. "You don't even like it when I visit my sister, or Mike Stamford, or Lestrade! You text me or spy on me or follow me. You're more controlling than your brother!"
He went to the closet and dug out his John-box. He carefully took everything that remained out.
"What happened, Mycroft?" John pressed. "What can I do to help?"
that he was happy. It would never change the fact that now, here, John is buried six feet underground and he's crumbling to nothing."
"I haven't met a criminal who could outsmart me yet."
Sherlock and John had watched without comment.
John gathered a blanket up around Rosie’s shoulder and kissed his palm and planted it on her forehead. She didn’t stir. He straightened and left the room, keeping the door cracked open. “How’s your cab driver look?” he asked Sherlock.
“No, no, no!” He quickly tried to pick up the pot, forgetting the oven mitts. Sherlock’s fingers began curling around the metal pot handles and then he suddenly felt the intense breath of heat lick his bare skin. He flinched and backed away sharply before he gripped any tighter. “Jesus Christ, what is
"Well, let me tell you something," John said. "I've been correcting people. Since the beginning. It's annoying, but it's no huge burden. I just don't want to be the last guy in the room who figures out he's gay when everyone else figured it out years ago."
"Shot twice. Once in the chest, then in the throat."
"Good! Then let's go."
// ]]>
0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0
John strutted up to Molly, looking her up and down. "
Mycroft  said evenly, "Step aside."
think it's great."
At the time, it made her laugh. Afterwards it left her feeling empty and depressed. She hadn't bothered to change it back though, mostly because she'd forgotten about it. Due to her slim address book and her sluggish social life, she'd forgotten about the ringtone, thus
Sherlock swirled the wine stem in his fingers, the wine sloshing lazily behind the glass. "But she's been married and divorced since then. Surely they…?"
"Why not?" John asked impatiently. "How come you can sneak onto a military base and have free bail for life, but I can't make a custody battle disappear?"
,  "you wrote it on the visitor log."
Tentatively, Sherlock's arms lifted around Mycroft's waist. He gave an experimental squeeze and was rewarded with a squeeze back. "What did you tell mother?" Sherlock asked.
Sherlock and John sat in the dark a moment. Outside, the street lamps were dark as well. The flat was pitch black. The subtle hum of electricity and distant window fans was suddenly absent and everything was unnaturally, eerily quiet and still.
In which Sherlock and John's little domestic turns into a fist fight
Sherlock said impatiently, "Well, obviously
was she dressed up for? Maybe she went to church? Unlikely. Despite her excessive decorating, there wasn't a single Christian motif. (Devil. The fucking
John shouted from upstairs, "What the hell was that?!"
,  not as a courtesy before he shocked his flat mate by bringing someone  home of the unexpected gender for a shag. Because they were friends, so  John had assured him, and friends trust each other and Sherlock wanted  to trust John.
Lestrade asked, "You okay?"
, John."
Sherlock shuddered. "Mycroft.
yourself and expose your body and destroy marriages and have flings and casual hook-ups and go to sex clubs and
idea and  you're just coming along for the ride. I agreed to let you in but I objected at first because I didn't want you taking over, and here you are trying to tell me what to do and we haven't even moved past the fantasizing stage. I'm not going to be your
Sherlock blinked, panting. He had narrowly escaped being stabbed by any of the falling knives. He looked at them scattered around him.
Molly couldn't be stopped. Her face was red. She was sliding off her seat.
"Sorta, yeah." The taxi Lestrade waved at began to maneuver towards them and slow down. "He's got it in his head that he's going to go over to Harry's one day and see John and talk to him. Give him back some odd knick-knacks he left behind in the flat. A mug. His shaving kit. He wants to be civil and well-behaved and courteous."
. He  stepped gingerly, fearing his home had become a crime scene. "Sherlock?"  he called.
Sherlock  spun back around. "I'm not disruptive, I'm charming. Anyway, how are  you going to talk to me like that? I'm suicidal. I could…I could…"
The  subsequent weeks were less tense, because John and Sherlock were  preoccupied with other things. John's investment with Sarah finally paid  off. He spent the night at 221b less frequently. Sherlock threw himself  into cold cases and eagerly responded to every text Lestrade sent his  way, no matter how tedious the crime.
But at the moment, he was raging. "I
Sherlock nodded. "Well. Make sure he gets both. And tell him I'll see him in the morning."
Chill crept up his arms and spilled down his chest and back.
"It's supposed to be 'voluntary and altruistic' in America, too, but it's not nearly as closely regulated. The women are only supposed to be reimbursed for their medical costs and 'travel expenses'. But. You know. Who needs one hundred thousand dollars in travel expenses?"
John quieted. His jaw flexed in his cheek.
"Uh-huh." Behind him, John took the broom from the corner of the kitchen and began to sweep.
Sherlock said, "What?"
The phone chimed:
"I was trying to protect you two from the predators and the child molesters that target vulnerable little boys in crisis…"
"Why not?"
The  left New Scotland Yard together. They walked across the parking lot to  her car, Sarah a little ahead of John as if she were in a hurry.
“F-fine! Everything’s fine!” Sherlock called back.
one.”
In a moment, they were clawing and struggling again. “I can’t fucking believe you!  You’re completely hung up on this! Why do you have to take over every part of my life?! Why can't I just have something for myself?"
"I struggled with this information for decades," Sherlock said. "After that day, I felt like I had no control. My future was already either already set, or in discovering the truth, I had spoiled my chance of ever seeing John again.  I kept the secret, never telling anyone what I knew, watching all my friends grow old and die, feeling like I was letting them all down one by one. And then, like clock work, the events in my life played out, and I discovered a man who taught me time travel. I absorbed all that I could, and now here I am." He paused. "I think you and I have been living out this drama over and over again for quite some time."
"For…ruling you out so abruptly," John said. "You know the real reason why, right?"
Sherlock blinked in surprise. "Oh. Really?"
"But she treats me for…," and here, John lowered his voice, even though they were alone in the waiting room, "…my…
Sherlock breathed, his eyes closed.
Billy smiled and nodded and rushed away again.
empowering. It was the most embarrassing thing that's ever happened to me."
John cleared his throat. "The
His hand sunk low in his pocket and he gripped the vial with the poison pill. He did not even realize he'd done it until it was over.
John recoiled under Sherlock's touch.
"You tell me," Willis said. "How much money is it worth it to you to see your dead friend again, in the flesh?"
of kicking Mr. Chatterjee out? He’s a miserable curmudgeon of a human being who, due to his cirrhosis, probably only has five years left to live, at best. Why don’t you let him stay? The stress of moving out will probably kill him and just think of the insurance claims and paperwork that will make for you! Let him deteriorate naturally. We can dance on his grave once he’s gone. What do you say?”
John lay still. "You're serious."
"So I made up rules. Rules to…
Sherlock picked himself up breathlessly and waited  for John to acknowledge the accident (it
“Sherlock…” John whimpered.
"I  thought it was incredibly moving," Lestrade said. "I thought it was  brave." He looked again at Sally Donovan.  "I'm not the only one who thinks so."
Molly warmed her hands around her cup. "Me too."
So he stayed awake  and thought. He rested his elbows on the table and steepled his hands  in front of his mouth, much the way Sherlock did when deep in thought.  It didn't help John think, but it did help John remember Sherlock's  slender hands and delicate fingers. It summoned Sherlock to the  forefront of his thoughts and when John closed his eyes, he felt as if  Sherlock were sitting across the table from him in the same pose. He  would do that for minutes at a time.
, you
"I don't know," Sherlock admitted.
"No you can't. You can't."
a gaybasher." Lestrade breathed deeply, his  chin lifted. "And I didn't say anything. Because the chief was around.  And I didn't want him knowing I was friends with a suspect, not when  Sherlock was a missing person still, not when I knew my job was about to  blow up all around me. So I failed my friends. Twice." He paused. "And I  failed my people, too, in a way. I let my homicide team fall apart over  this rift over Sherlock. I failed Scotland Yard, and all the people  we're supposed to be helping."
The duty to tell Molly about Jim from IT had ultimately fallen on John. Sherlock hadn't wanted to do it, Sherlock had been expressly forbidden to do it, though it puzzled Sherlock why John would forbid him from doing something he would never volunteer for in the first place. Since then, he'd never spoken of it to Molly. Sherlock secretly wondered what their dates had been like. He'd been tempted to ask her. For the case. Not for the case. Other reasons.
thing he had done, facing John's murderers like that and
"What  makes you think he needs
“I didn’t pick a fight with
Sherlock turned the screen around and waltzed away into the kitchen. "What is so interesting? You chatting someone up?"
"Physically impossible," the nurse  dismissed. "You'd pass out and lose concentration and start breathing  again."
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
Molly pursed her lips. "I think you should talk to him."
On the other  side of London, John, in post-coital bliss, deleted the text message  off hand without reading it, then rolled over and kissed Sarah.
"You're afraid it will cement the rumors about us," Sherlock concluded, breezing past John.
The nurse  glanced down at her wrist watch. "You've only got twenty minutes. Settle  down."
Rubbing circles against a back for comfort. That’s what mum and dad used to do, Sherlock thought. He did it just as automatically as a bird gathering twine for a nest. He didn’t have to think about it. He’d been taught it since birth. And even though he had never been touched that way his entire adult life, not in at least fifteen or twenty years, it was permanently ingrained in his subconscious and he mimicked the motion instinctively.
Jesus
"John," Mrs. Hudson said critically. "That's really not very good. What friends tell each other in confidence should be respected. I'm sure if Sherlock told Molly anything, he would want it to stay private. Just wait your turn. Mycroft said Sherlock would be here soon…"
Lestrade's response took a minute. Finally:
"Sir?"
Sherlock rushed to take another gulp. “It's what mates do."
Willis lifted his hands, palm-up. "Well done."
“I’ll think about it.”
. I  think I'm going to blow my brains out tonight. I can't take it one more  day." Sherlock's eyes were absolutely empty, frighteningly empty. "
…and the
John shook his head. He was about to walk away, but something about Sherlock's wistful expression captured John's interest. "What are you thinking about?"
"Oh, come on.  Don't be like this," Lestrade said. "Sherlock needs support. Go in there  and tell him you're mates."
She said nothing, scanning the traffic for a taxi.
so you and my brother can go home to your cute little nursery and your happy life while
As she spoke, Sherlock was walking slowly towards here,  drawn in.
John froze and  his head snapped in her direction. "How do you know who I'm here to  see?"
“I do what I can.”
They'd just wrapped a damn hard case. Ugly, too. John's first serial rapist. Corpses in various stages of decomposition was one thing. But looking at a living body as it looked back at you was something else entirely. All at once, he envied Sherlock's callous disregard for human suffering. John even mimicked it. And he'd hated himself for it.
Sherlock backed up against the wall, feeling his chest tighten.
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
"Yes."
John looked at Sherlock, surprised. "What?"
He looked up at John.
Younger Sherlock asked gently, "Would you like a glass of water?"
. When you shake hands with strangers, naturally they assume you're straight and they move on with their day. They don't pause and consider all the possible ways you might like to fuck. But if someone suspects you're gay, they suddenly fixate on what that implies. Start imagining you in sexual scenarios and…I just…no.
. It doesn't need to be all picket fences and a house in the suburbs. But yes, I wish I was married and starting a family by now. I'd like…a couple of little ones crawling around..."
Sherlock couldn’t catalogue his emotions. He just sat, stunned.
Sherlock didn't respond. He turned his attention back to his laptop. He placed his hands on the keys and resumed typing.
Sherlock felt his pulse in his throat.
The end.
Sherlock writhed, trying to squirm away. “You think I’m
"I'm also disappointed.  Um. I'm very uncomfortable at the idea of…Sherlock…he's really not fit to be a father."
The phone stopped ringing. “This is John Watson.” Pause. “Yes. You can tell me this way, I prefer it.” Then he was quiet for a long time.
"It's really me and I can prove it!" Sherlock said. He dug in his pockets for his driver's license and he showed John anxiously, his wrinkled hands shaking. "Look at my name. Look at the date it was issued."
Sherlock didn't respond. His heart rate was elevated. His mind was troubled. He was about to open his mouth to ask John more about Harry when the door finally opened.
Sherlock put his hand on John’s arm like a vice. “Don’t. Don’t move.
it was a mistake, but you kept prodding."
“But you haven’t asked me about surrogacy yet.”
Sherlock said, “Its possible. Schizophrenia manifests in your 30’s. All these visions I have, these elaborate fantasies, could actually be signs of mental illness. Doesn't help me right now."
All the shouting and throwing eventually drained Sherlock completely down to the point where he just sank to the floor. He lay there miserable for a few minutes before he rolled over onto his belly and pushed himself onto his hands and knees and finally up into a sitting position. He looked around the destroyed flat. "Goddamn it." He got up and went about cleaning his mess.
John  face was pure shock. He wasn't stupid. He knew exactly what Sherlock  meant.
Sarah jabbed her  finger into John's chest. "Do you have idea how all those people looked  at me whoile I was waiting for you? Do you know what they were  whispering? You bullied a gay man to death!"
Sherlock paused, looking back at John. "You and I." There was excitement in Sherlock's face, smiling like he did whenever something truly unexpected and delightful and grisly turned up in a case. Except that Sherlock wasn't thinking about corpses and blood spatters.
,"  he read, saying the word slowly like he'd never heard it before. He was  quiet for a long time. He stepped closer, leaning over the sink basin  and studying the shimmery pink lipstick. "
Harry cried, “Calories, fat, diabetes and heart disease is what Jesus died for, it’s god-given and holy. Now eat some damn breakfast, you tiny little man. Eat. Dear God.”
"Why not?" Sherlock said.
“Possibly.”
John angrily jutted into Mycroft's path. "No! Wait!"
Sherlock followed the nurses glumly. "Where we going?" He noticed the crowd had not yet dispersed.
Older Sherlock went on, more quietly now. "I took his dog tags. I took his watch. I took his phone. Then I took his wallet." He paused. "I opened it up and there was an  ID inside. Not John's.
“No, I’ve never seen it,” Sherlock said.
John stayed behind, frazzled and silent. He took the groceries up the steps to 221b. After he finished putting everything away, he sat down at his laptop and put in the password 'CLARA' and began to write about what had just happened, about the strange fan he'd met. Then he realized he still had the drivers license in his pocket.  He took it out and looked at it.
In under a half hour,  Mycroft knew
Harry said, “Who says I hate John?”
Sherlock's  mind was  working. Molly was
right?” And then John’s eyes were wet and red and sad again and he pushed forward for another kiss.
Sherlock said, “You refused to accept my help because you thought…and you knew you couldn’t reciprocate. And that you’d feel pressured to
"I'm going to lay back down," Lestrade said.
Lestrade watched John just stand, unmoving. "John?  Let's go."
But she was always fretting about something and Sherlock hardly took notice. He went right up to Mrs. Hudson, two coffees in his hands, and leaned in to plant a loud kiss right on Mrs. Hudson’s hairline. “Mrs. Hudson,” he implored lovingly, “How could you
John felt himself smile a little. Sometimes it felt like Sherlock was a million miles away. Since he’d met Eurus, Sherlock was in John’s life less often, trying to piece together her past, and John’s life had less room for Sherlock as Rosie grew and grew. Their cases seemed like a distant memory, a part of his life that was as far away as Mary or Afghanistan. He realized how relieved he was to hear from Sherlock, despite the circumstances, and glad to hear he needed him. “If you’re sure,” John assured him. “I’m here for whatever you need.”
I got nothing on.”
John nodded, chewing thoughtfully. Then his chewing stopped. He glanced over at Sherlock curiously.
John stood taut for a moment. Then he threw down his paper on the floor and made a bee-line right for Sherlock.
John was incredulous. "
0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0
. Seamless! And they could be bringing home a baby
Mycroft nodded. "What do you want me to do with John?" he asked.
"We had a
No. The bridge.
“Ever been in love? Ever imagine having a child of your own?”
Sherlock said, "You aren't serious."
"Private room. His request."
Mrs.  Hudson could not be dissuaded. Her grin was infectious, her eyes  twinkling.
Mycroft said, "You tell him
. You know how willful and mouthy children are at ten? Just when my bones are going stiff and I start to look like an old man, their hormones will start raging." John shook his head. "And I'm not having a baby today. I don't even have a girlfriend." John smiled bitterly. "It's just one of those things that's just outside my reach and I don't think I'm ever going to have it. And my situation with women is just growing more and more toxic with every failed relationship, and the rush to have a family is just ruining everything. I have this expectation that I can…God, I really don't want to talk about this." John waved Sherlock off. "Just, never mind."
John  shook his head. "What…the hell are you doing?"
John added, "Anything."
One night, as Sherlock was headed home, he walked down the dim university hallway alone.
He wanted to know where James Moriarty had come from.
Mrs. Hudson said seriously, “Sherlock, John’s upstairs and he’s in a bad way.”
Mycroft's expression flickered in uncharacteristic sympathy. "John. Was this a mutual desire…or is this just Sherlock?"
“It doesn’t work that way.”
,” he insisted, jerked John back and forcing him to face him.
Inside was an empty room, stainless steel counters, a sink, cabinets, a table in the middle of the room, a partially drawn curtain. Again, the lights were off. Just the emergency lights glowing softly.
John crept from room to room, lights off, checking the window locks. He pulled the drapes closed as he went. In the kitchen, he went to check the back door. He parted the curtains, peered out into the garden. It was pitch black. He didn’t go out there anyway—a forgotten vegetable patch Mary had started, a rose bush full of brown spiders and a narrow, over-grown path to a back alley.
"I'm Sherlock." He paused. "Can I play in your fort?"
Sherlock blinked tears away from his eyes. "Experiment?"
"The gay thing," Sherlock said immediately without looking up.
John stared at Mycroft unbelieving.
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
"Spectacular," Sherlock repeated, enthralled.
Mycroft was clearly confused. Sitting behind his desk with his arms neatly folded in front of him, fingers laced together, the elder Holmes looked completely lost. It was an expression altogether new to him, and his facial features twitched in an undignified way. He kept tweaking the direction he was holding his head, as if seeking better reception, as if tilting his face in just the right direction would encourage the neurons that clearly weren't currently communicating to fire and make sense of the noises that had just spewed from John's mouth. Finally, he spoke, "Am I to continue to assume that you two remain platonic, or…?"
to find it again. I start looking in closets and pantries and cupboards until I open the right door and…and there it is again, and I
Sherlock's attention was completely fixed. He'd leaned forward in the seat, silently absorbing the story, for once refraining from interrupting with his own perspective or observations.
Mycroft stared at Mrs. Hudson blankly for a moment. Then he smiled thinly and finished, "…not like himself."
unhappy with me.”
Vulnerable, yet feeling deceptively secure, Sherlock suddenly asked John about his sister Harry. He asked, quite directly, how he felt when she came out as a lesbian.
Sherlock  heard people climbing the steps in the hallway. He scowled when he heard  familiar voices. He was glad all the lights were off. Maybe no one  would notice him here. He was tempted to shut off the monitor, but he  didn't want the sudden absence of light to draw attention. He just  waited.
Sherlock took a deep, shuddering breath, finally wrenching his eyes away, too ashamed to look John in the face any longer.  “Then,” he said, struggling, “you parted your coat and showed me the bombs. And when you said,
to be angry. I have every right to be angry until the end of time. For the rest of my life and beyond my death, for the remainder of the human race, when the sun expands and burns up the earth and collapses into a white dwarf and the solar system gets sucked into a black hole and the universe collapses and
"Nope."
were saying those things. So I remember it a certain way. But then, I realized he was
"No," Molly said, "that's
and John could suddenly hear Moriarty’s sing-song voice “
. Sherlock mentally prepared himself.
"Hi queer," Donovan  cheerfully greeted instead of calling him a freak, pulling aside the  police tape so that Sherlock could pass by.
thinks I'm gay! Mrs. Hudson thinks I'm gay, the Daily Mail thinks I'm gay."
A smile crept across Molly's mouth.
John had told Sherlock
No response came  from the bathroom. No movement. Well, that wasn't normal. Who took a  shower with the front door wide open? Who took a shower…without the  shower running?
Obviously, he and John were going to have a lot to discuss. And this was all assuming John wasn’t going to horribly murder him for approaching Harry without his knowledge or permission. Also, assuming that John would even be interested in allowing his sister to function as his surrogate in this way.
John was about to walk away, but he hesitated. He looked back at Sherlock’s door. “Hey, before you turn in.”
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
, the thought that proceeded it was:
Sherlock said, “Mycroft isn’t worth the tears or the sentiment.”
“I…,” Sherlock faltered.
Sherlock pressed the pad of his thumb against the blade of the knife he held. "I don't hate children," he muttered.
Mycroft motioned towards the tables. "If you and the others will take a seat, Sherlock will be along soon. He'll be very glad to see you." He pointedly looked at John. "
John shrugged in defeat. “Eh. Goes with the rest of this hole. There isn’t a piece of furniture or a wall in the whole flat you haven’t shot or otherwise ruined or...oh, which reminds me…” He took another drink then gestured towards the sitting room. “I see you broke a window, too."
John laughed. "I just…Jesus, Sherlock. I can't believe how quick you got excited." He rubbed the back of his neck. "I feel a bit bad now. You were really keen on it, and I shot you down."
“Two menus, please, Billy.”
Finally, Sherlock couldn't take it anymore. "Cheer up," he demanded. "This is the fourth day of silence and it just won't do. You aren't any different now than you were last week."
John blinked at the heart-felt  confession. "Greg…"
"But then, I have a different memory of that same moment. And that memory is in a dark room in the basement of my mind palace. And also in that room are corpses that are not quite dead. They languish. Still...writhing. They scratch at the ceiling and I can hear them through the floor of my mind palace."
The End of Part One
Sherlock couldn’t wait to call him and gloat. To think, Mycroft had gotten a bigger share of the inheritance because his parents had naturally assumed Mycroft would settle down and get married first. Sherlock decided he was owed some heirlooms…
Sherlock took in the information and said nothing. Eventually, he put his hands in his lap and bowed his head.
, God,
John asked, "What?"
do…that's what I
would know…," Mycroft breathed deep, "…that Sherlock Holmes was a  cock-sucking faggot who had to die because sex ruined his genius."
can't even be bothered to look over his shoulder at
Sherlock knew immediately what was coming and turned his head to the side to dodge John’s kiss. His lips met Sherlock’s cheek instead. Undeterred, he kissed what he could reach. He planted warm, wet kisses down Sherlock’s throat and collar bone. “Isn’t this what it’s all been about?” John begged, his choked voice confused and desperate. “You wanted me to be dependent on you and now I am!” He reached up to kiss Sherlock’s mouth again and missed again. “You wanted your…your claim…and now…it can’t be disputed…” He kissed Sherlock’s jaw. His ear.
Sherlock brushed off John's  frustration, per their usual. Everything was going swimmingly and  Sherlock was in his element, feeling high and wonderful.
healthy while I’m sick?! You don’t even want to be with anybody!”
She looked directly at him, hopeful and smiling. "I want…visitation."
Mrs. Hudson's feet and John's feet were close together, her left knee nearly touching his right knee. And in her fingers, between his legs, she twirled the rainbow flag in a spiral. "Looks silly, doesn't it?"
“John, no.” Sherlock wrapped both his hands around John’s wrists. “Do you understand? No.”
be gay as a
my recovery. I was
fault. I had every right to walk  away from this relationship. Sherlock was a prat. He was rude to my  girlfriend, he tried to sabotage our dates, he was always…"
, labor, the ripping and tearing of my vagina…and then, you would like me to surrender the resulting baby, the product of my pain and suffering and my DNA and all my motherly instincts...you’d like me to hand over the baby to
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0
John said, "You think I want this just so I don't have to correct people when they call you my boyfriend?"
Then John was laughing and he pulled back and wiped his eyes with his sleeve. “I’m sorry.”
"Why the parade?"
Mycroft opened up the screen and waiting for it to flicker to life. "I didn't even know there was a problem until John contacted me yesterday. He told me you were missing. I had no idea."
,  John. And I chose my job over…a person."
, all who knew John’s name and that he had a daughter and that they were all alone.  John didn’t know why he was so afraid. Certainly, all that was true before, and he hadn’t been afraid this morning. He had no idea if Mycroft really had afforded them protection. Sherlock himself said he didn’t know. But Sherlock had sounded so grave on the phone.
There was a pause.
The pattering of feet descending the stairs; John emerged from the hallway. He didn’t look at Sherlock. His jaw was set, his eyes glaring. His eyelids were rimmed red. Ah. That was what he’d been doing alone upstairs.
"He held it in his mouth for a long time,"  Mycroft observed. "You see the lipstick on the barrel?"
, spare Sherlock Holmes. Let the police find him  tonight. Don't let him lay there. Oh my God, please don't let him lay  there….," and then he heaved again, dry, painful, and it didn't feel  like bile or partially digested food, but like his heart was trying to  climb up his throat. "Don't let him
John asked, suspicious and accusing.
Harry sighed. “If it wasn’t John, it would have been someone else. Some other woman, some other man. Clara wasn’t happy. She wasn’t happy with me, she wasn’t happy with my job, she wasn’t happy with my drinking, she wasn’t happy with my friends. But, yes. It
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
Sherlock looked at his laptop. "I didn't want anyone reading that. I wasn't done writing. It's unfinished. Raw. I didn't have my thoughts in order."
Donovan rested her head back. "Isn't it a mad house in that tiny little flat? All three of you, bumping into each other?"
Sherlock's entire universe must be imploding, John thought. It wasn't just his friendship with John that was disintegrating…
. But from the
John looked up, went stock still. Sherlock’s eyes opened.
, for God's sake. I'm not…kidnapping someone."
“Um…Try to bring yourself back to the present. Think about something you can see, touch or taste.”
"But you gave her away at her wedding," Sherlock said. "You got over it."
"I know. He read it, too. He made it all the way to the end, to your suicide note."
"Ah." Sherlock took a deep, resolute breath. "You've come to kill me, then?"
supposed to provide for the child, right? Not the other way around? A child is not a vehicle to…please you. To make you proud. It's not a little John Watson, seeing to your whims."
John said nothing, just continued to sit quietly.
"He's not going to insult you, Sally," Lestrade said. "I bet he'd like to see you."
?" Sherlock cried in disbelief and disgust. He was sitting at the kitchen table.
John went to the back kitchen door, opened and shut it loudly and turned the key. “There. It’s locked.”
"Yes," Sherlock agreed, settling back into the chair and closing his eyes. "What a waste."
John smiled big and wide at that. That was a surprising and very touching compliment. Wine, John decided, really suited Sherlock. "Ready to trade in Mycroft?"
John shook his head, irritated but relieved. "Jesus. What the
Sherlock blinked in surprise. “Oh! I’m glad you feel the same way.” He hesitated. “I…I was convinced you wouldn’t be happy. I thought for sure you’d be insulted.” He felt uncomfortable. It couldn’t really be this easy. “If you had any objection about me…donating my sperm…I would understand. Don’t feel pressured to let me…function…as the…um…biological father…just because I thought of it. You don’t have to. We could easily allow another man, an anonymous donor for instance, if you really felt strongly. And I would be okay with that. Really, I would. I, um. I actually wanted to ask you much more delicately than this, but I wasn’t expecting you to figure it out already, I apologize…”
Both men froze.
A mischievous smile spread across Sherlock's face.
Lestrade  stepped slowly into the lobby, letting the door swing shut behind him.  He wrung his hands in front of him. He was dressed down, not in his  usual suit, but in jeans and a jacket. "I guess I came to the right  place."
"I followed the
Sherlock lay on his side for a while. He curled his arm under his head and tucked his knees in. "When I was a little boy, I didn't know how to make friends. It seemed to come very naturally to other little boys. My brother Mycroft had amassed a large circles of friends and their days were filled with adventures while I played by myself. I didn't mind playing by myself, but I thought I was hopelessly outcast, untouchable. It was very unfair. So I asked my mother for her advice. She told me, 'If you want to make friends with someone, walk up to them and say: I'm Sherlock. Let's be friends. Well. I thought that was shockingly direct. It was obscene. It was in violation of some natural law. But, lacking an alternative, and also being six and very trusting, I gave it a try."
John's head whipped in Mycroft's direction. Sherlock asked for
. I fell down some stairs."
John listened, not understanding.
I’d love it. But why would you want to
Sherlock blinked from his stupor. "What? Oh. You're done?"
Molly Hooper's ringtone had been a simple digital chime before Jim changed it to Ke$ha.
" John protested in angry failure and betrayal.
"He was," Lestrade agreed. Then he added, "They both were. They were really great together."
It didn't come.
Mycroft  glared at John.
The temptation to burn the flat down was irresistible.
Mycroft asked, "How long do you  think it will take the Jim Moriarties of the world to eat Sherlock  alive?"
They had talked for a  long time before they got on the subject of Harry coming out as a  lesbian and John's story about reconciling his feelings for his sister.  How, ultimately, he loved his sister and while he didn't agree with her  life choices, especially her drinking, the fact that she was gay never  entered into it. He spoke plainly about separating his perception of her  unhealthy habits and her sexuality. He spoke about his prejudice, about  his unconditional love, about his parent's disowning of Harry and about  how John stuck by Harry even though he questioned it. He spoke his  brotherly duties and the failure of his parents to love their daughter.  He spoke of hope for the future, hope that Clara and Harry would work it  all out somehow and it was never too late for love. John was…a little  drunk.
, remember if for what it was. Don't let your memory of John deteriorate into a case-of-the-week."
Sherlock began rubbing circles into John’s back. After a moment, he paused.
"You've been in my kitchen?! For how long?"
Really, he would have  adored Sherlock all the same if he found out the man wore lip-gloss or  ladies underthings or thrilled in secret trysts with men whose names he  didn't know. Actually, it would have been a relief to know Sherlock had
John was frozen, Mycroft's red hand imprint pulsing  against his skin.
"What did I experience just now?" Sherlock asked.
Molly pointed at him. "Sherlock."
"Hmm," Sherlock said, considering it. "Rotten of me, I suppose. Can't compliment a friend. One, it sounds unnatural coming from me. Two, I'm terrible at it."
"There are more valuable things to pass on to children than just you genes," Sherlock pointed out. "I have a particular lullaby I'd like to pass on, for instance, and as I don't imagine myself ever having offspring of my own, I'd be just satisfied giving it to your children." Sherlock thought a moment. "I know a trick to making perfect Easter eggs. Adults wouldn't find it appealing, but as a boy I was delighted when nana taught it to me. And I know a handful of good bed-time stories to quiet any needy child. I know.
"Shimmer  pink lipstick in the corner of your mouth," Sherlock dismissed. "You  weren't at work. It wasn't anything that couldn't wait."
Of course, John rejected his own suspicions. They were  homophobic, he chastised himself. The idea was merely a projection of  his own discomfort, and those feelings would disappear over time as he  adjusted better. So John told himself. Nonetheless, the anxiety  remained.
“You done sorting your mind palace yet?” John asked impatiently.
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
John rubbed his temples. "You can't just be gentle, can you? You have to go in for the kill. Everything is cranked up to eleven with you. You can't be a
you?” John said, "I'm sure you have a long list of compelling facts to support your opinion. I don't. I just have one reason. And that one reason is
"Oh," Molly said, as if it explained everything.
slow…I think it would be okay."
John caught up to Sherlock then, wrenching his laptop out of his flat mate's grasp. "None of your damn business, that's what." He slammed the laptop shut, his face and ears cherry red.
“People don’t really eat this…?” Sherlock hissed, curling his lip. A droplet of sticky-sweet syrup rolled off a pancake that was hanging off the plate and dripped onto the table.
John found the candles. They were long tapers. He felt around some more and found two holders and set them on the counter. "Matches? Tell me we have those?"
The gesture made Sherlock stop briefly.
to  be his brother, his confident, his best mate.
He was a professor of literature.
John took Sherlock's hand in his left and dialed anxiously with his right. "Just don't talk, mister. It's…it's fine."
Harry smirked wryly at that. "Actually. There is something I want. But I don't know how open you'd be open to it."
coffee. Maybe he would even get coffee…for
child and how you treat
The back door was shut.
.  Not this
The phone rang again.
"Your voice was so cold and detached. The way you said ‘This is a turn-up, isn’t it, Sherlock?’ you sounded like a different person.  I dared to believe, dared to deny, dared to
Mycroft sighed. "He gave it to me. He gave it to the police when he turned himself in for battery and assault. Attacks where the victim is targeted specifically because of their sexual orientation fall under the hate crimes category. As such, I can insure a lengthy jail sentence, if you want."
Sherlock still didn't breathe.
Infuriating, uncompromising, idiotic, ridiculous John Watson and his stupid sperm and his stupid babies, chubby, fat, stinking, noisy, horrible, perfect babies.
Sherlock immediately decided he liked John drinking with a mate and looking happy infinitely more than seeing John drinking alone. And so, they both drank. John drank generously and Sherlock sipped conservatively.
"Alright." When Lestrade got up, he went to Sherlock and put a brother hand on Sherlock's shoulder. He gave a gentle squeeze.
Mrs. Hudson folded her arms and glared at Mycroft, daring him to insult her precious Sherlock.
John's jaw fell open.
They left together quietly. It was cold outside and they buttoned their coats up to their chins and hailed a taxi while their breath fogged around them. They didn't say anything on the way home, not out of awkwardness, but out of wonder. When they arrived at 221b, they made their way up the stairs together, acutely aware of their drunkenness as one or the other managed to keep missing the steps. They clutched each other's forearms for support and suddenly, the laughter returned. The merry, hearty laughter that, despite the late hour, no one complained about.
It had come from the kitchen.
John and
Molly drank her coffee in sobering meditation. She decided that having the power to mute Sherlock Holmes on command was, indeed, a great and terrible power that she needed to harness immediately and master. People would gasp and clap.
"John," Sherlock wheezed, and it was as if fifteen years hadn't gone by. Sherlock was in the boot of the car again, and John was only a short distance away, crying out for God's intervention, calling Sherlock by his full name so God would know who to save.
The older Sherlock said, not skipping a beat, "After John was murdered, my whole world was radically altered."
, decomposing  without dignity for
“Can they
0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0
Molly looked  down at the floor. She turned away and went into her office. She  crouched and crawled under her desk and dragged out a roll-away cot,  unfolded it and smoothed the mattress out. She reached under the blanket  on the cot tucked into the mattress and pulled out a medicine bottle  Sherlock recognized immediately as antidepressants. She sat on the edge  of the mattress and stared at the bottle in her hand for a while.
Sherlock went inside. He took a few steps into the sitting room and then saw John curled up on the couch, laying on his side, looking blankly ahead. He still had his parka on, despite the heat that had already flooded the flat.
. He winced at the black ring in the wood.  Yeah, he was definitely buying a new one.
That's a repulsive word. You toss it around like  it's nothing, no regard for anyone's feelings. Why should
John looked weakly up at Sherlock.
“No sugar, no cream, just how you like it. And I didn’t poison or drug it.” Sherlock sat down on the coffee table, right in John’s line of sight. He put the coffees down beside himself and leaned down until he was almost nose-to-nose with John. “It’s hot, John, and the rain stopped hours ago. You don’t need that coat.”
All the windows were cracked, letting the flat fill with cool, damp air.
John placed his phone on the coffee table. “Actually, I wasn’t thinking about you at all just now.” He looked at Sherlock curiously. He frowned. “What happened to you?”
support groups, telling your story while
"Yes, please." The older Sherlock tilted  his gun aside. He was breathing heavily then.
The hair on Sherlock's arm would rise. He would feel a knot in his throat, his heart would flutter.
“Ummm,” John said lightly, bitterly, swinging his arms in agitation, like punching something or someone wasn’t out of the question. “Uh. Nothing.” He smiled at Sherlock, an empty, hostile smile. “I don’t think I want to do anything.” With that, he breezed by.
, and it made Sherlock want to run screaming for the hills.
from the
“Good night, John.”
Molly flushed.
"No, you fool," the man explained."You can't go forwards in time. It's impossible. But you can go
In turn, John ground his knee into Sherlock’s stomach sharply. “Oh, so, we’re not friends anymore now? Because of the adoption thing?!”
John said sheepishly, "Yeah. You and me, adopting a baby. It's just not something two men typically do."
Against his better judgment,  Sherlock said without moving, eyes still fixed above the microscope; "Molly. Didn't know you were in…"
"You have a sister,  right? You should have insight."
"RUINING. MY. LIFE," Sherlock shouted in the most despondent way.
Sherlock's lips moved, mouthing words, but no audible sound came out.
John rolled his beer bottle between his hands. “Sherlock. I love you like a brother. But you’re just….you’re not…  Unless our baby is as brilliant as you, unless it's in
Sherlock cleared his throat. "It's been my experience that couples' counseling
Not a  super human consulting detective, larger than life, eclipsing the sun.  Just another man, hand extended, waiting. John just wasn't….he just  wasn't comfortable with it. No. No. It was all wrong! Sherlock wasn't a  man. He was a
. I  don't want to do this right now in the parking lot. At least let's go  home."
John nearly choked on his food.
John said, "You'd do that? For me?"
."  He tugged on his gloves. "Sherlock Holmes spent every waking moment of  his life trying to prove he was clever. If he didn't care what people  thought of him, why bother?" He folded his hands in front of him. "He  could have been like me if he wanted. I offered it to him several times.  I thought he'd take to it. Live in secrecy. Put that brilliant mind to  use by serving the greater good, tackling the world's problems, problems  too complicated for politicians and public officials and generals and  hit squads and secret agents. Games of the highest stakes. Tactical  problems and moral problems with shades so gray that only the most  pitiless mastermind could find solutions for them." He smiled. "But  that's not Sherlock Holmes. He wanted to be loved. Desperately."
Sherlock tried to pull himself together. He sat up and dragged himself to a wall and rested back against it, drawing his knees to his chest. He didn't answer. John was
by keeping his things out of sight, out of reach, so if anything I should have been
has it been since we’ve seen each other?”
you. I'm not your enemy, I'm not your
The visitor center was filled with people in various  states of dress, various states of crises, meeting family members and  friends in various states of shock, denial and relief. Sherlock watched  dozens of human dramas play out with a sense of disgust and fascination.  It was awful that this all had to happen here, in a large room, no  privacy.
After a time, John asked tensely, "Why does it have to be Ella?"
Sherlock just snorted.
"Oh my God, do I have  to explain everything?" John hissed. "Just…be mature."
Mycroft paused, looking back at John with a  raised eyebrow.
"You know what I mean. You were singled out."
A response came immediately:
Sherlock was quiet for a moment, then,
"John's not here," the other Sherlock assured him gently. "And he won't be back for a bit. After I let myself in, I depleted his bank account online, so he'll be struggling at the store  before coming home without the shopping." He nodded at the door. "Shut the door. I don't want to alarm Mrs. Hudson."
"They  were distracting me," Molly interrupted impatiently. "I didn't do it  for you."
“Client?” he asked eagerly. “For a case?”
become possible, regardless of the advancements of technology and science. Got it."
for not being enough of a man to make his own sperm and father his own children. It was insulting and heartbreaking. And also John thought Sherlock was some kind of opportunistic, merciless predator that would bully his vulnerable, straight friend into a nonconsensual gay relationship.
"And so," Lestrade went on, "when I found out  that…that Sherlock was gone….that he might be dead…I just. I didn't know  what to do. He's my…he's my mate." He let his hand drop. "He's my
do it," Willis said in dire frustration. "It's too overpowering for me. You must have a very extraordinary mind, indeed, to sustain the vision."
"He posted it this morning," Lestrade finished. "Or late last night, I'm not sure."
"I didn't mean to wake you up. Would you like some coffee?"
Finally, John slumped and backed away. He looked around wildly, completely adrift.
John stood in silent frustration for a moment. Then he made his way to the counter, felt his way to the second drawer and opened the utility cupboard and felt around. "Where's the torch?" he asked.
"Greg?"
Lestrade  went on, "He wrote that a friend encouraged him to seek help and he did  and that he feels better. And that anyone who wants to wish him well  can find him here until he's released. Also, until he's 100%, he's not  available for consulting work." He nodded at Donovan and the other  detectives. "We all read it back at the station when the  search was called off. It was kind of dumb of me, I just checked my  email before heading home and there was the alert that the blog had been  updated and I announced it to everyone. We all read the status update  at the same time. No undoing it once I realized what was in it. Anyway. I  figured if Sherlock really didn't want people to know, he wouldn't have  posted it."
Sarah  grit her teeth. "Don't do that."
"Freak's in."
your help. You never
As John started brushing his teeth, he saw Sherlock approach. John he reached for the door and tried to slam it closed. But Sherlock reached the bathroom just at that moment and caught the door with his arm and kept it open.
"You could come out on your blog," Molly suggested.
“Sherlock…”
That name. That long dead name that he never wanted to hear again, that he
Then he tossed his phone into his pile of clothes and quickly resumed his shower.
"What?" Molly asked. "I didn't hear you."
Mrs. Hudson huffed in disapproval. "It's not
right. You have to be completely right, and I have to be completely wrong, and an asshole, too."
"They're all vets," the man dismissed, going back to work.
He re-read his letter again to kill time:
Molly gazed at John for a long minute, her face bewildered but her stare very focused. She examined John's face back as carefully as he seemed to be examining hers.
Sherlock stared at the helplessly laughing Molly Hooper, his anger raging. "You have seriously been sitting there, fucking laughing. Since 'penis.' Are you five?"
