Sherlock doesn’t respond to this. “Please,” he says, his back still to John, his shoulders slumped forward.
John swallows hard. “Sherlock,” he begins, his voice choked. “Why didn’t you tell me? After you got back, I mean.”
John feels a silly smile stretch across his face. “We’ll try anything and everything you want to try,” he promises.
Sherlock’s intake of breath is swift. “Are you sure?”
More laughter. “Would have been better on a barbeque, but I did what I could,” Daryl says modestly.
Suddenly Sherlock smiles and it’s nearly radiant. “All right,” he says. “I was – worried that you might not be in the mood anymore, given the – never mind. I’ll shut up.”
The corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitches, not quite a smile, but it’s progress. “True,” he allows. “‘We’ could try that, I suppose.”
“We will,” John promises. He looks at Sherlock’s father. “But as to expenses, I would pay for all of that. I won’t accept this any other way. I’m her father, and suddenly I have more funds than I know what to do with. Her expenses, schooling, lessons, clothes, all the rest: that’s my responsibility.”
A partial answer presents itself as his senses stir to life: there is food cooking. Sausages, he thinks. And coffee brewing. In spite of himself, Sherlock begins to smile. Why is John cooking without him, though? He pulls himself out of bed, yawns, stretches, then wraps himself loosely in a high thread-count sheet. He passes through the bathroom to splash some water on his face, then pads barefoot down the corridor to the kitchen.
Mary’s hands go still. Then, “Do you mean that?” she asks. “That little squeeze?”
“Of course,” Sherlock says. “I don’t particularly care about the legal or moral implications of it, if you want to know. Unsurprising, perhaps, but there it is. I only care about what you want.”
John looks at Sherlock, then says, “We can ask the police. I would think so, since they’re still here.”
Sherlock looked up then, their eyes meeting briefly. “Thank you,” he’d said stiffly, and shouldered his way out the door and into the rain.
“You could say that,” Greg says, shrugging. “Usually don’t talk about it much. Just with the therapist. You know.”
He’s got his card key out before Sherlock has his in hand and reaches forward to swipe it through the reader. “There we are,” he says, going for Sherlock’s briskness. “Now let’s have a look at those autopsies!”
Sherlock raises his head with an effort and looks down into my face, and his is full of that same wonder, plus more emotion than he normally lets me see there. “Me too,” he says. “So much, John. More than I could ever tell you. This is – this is like nothing I’ve even let myself dream of.”
“No,” I say, cutting him off gently. “There are no rathers here. I want whatever you want. I mean that.”
Sherlock exchanges a look with John. They’ve talked about this, too. “We want Rosie to have stability,” John says slowly. “And as Molly pointed out, the work we do is important, not only to us, but also for the safety of the city, sometimes the entire country. Not to paint it too thick or anything, but it’s true. Every weekend would probably be too often. Plus, I would imagine that you’d like to have her on weekends sometimes, too. Or else maybe Molly might like some time with her then. One weekend a month isn’t enough. I can’t even tell you how fiercely I’ve missed Rosie in the past several weeks. Nearly two months now. It was too long.”
Sherlock nods, looking a bit self-conscious. “I can – do it in the bathroom,” he says, sounding uncomfortable, and I cotton on to what the problem is.
Sherlock moves his right hand to John’s head, his fingers combing through John’s hair. “I love you,” he says.
“Oh, she’s definitely the murderer,” John agrees. “But are the emails enough proof?”
good.”
I’m in love with him, you daft twit. I’ve all but said so every time we’ve spoken. I
John opens his eyes then, then lifts his chin and kisses Sherlock, and it stops mattering. John tastes sleepy, too, and Sherlock decides that he likes it. After a few moments, however, John looks down between them at himself. “Oh God, I’m disgusting,” he says, meaning the dried release striped up his torso and over his genitals. “Hold on a minute. Let me just go and get myself cleaned up. Did you already – ?”
“Quesadillas,” Sherlock responds. “With salad, I thought. If that sounds all right to you.”
I smile at him. “It’s fine. I wondered for a second, but I figured you hadn’t moved to Spain or something.”
It’s a short wait, though; Sherlock appears a moment later, his towel wrapped tightly around his hips, bare from the waist up. “Did you need the – ?” he asks, indicating the bathroom with a thumb.
Kyle nods. “Well, we’re Anglophones,” he says. “She’ll go to school in French the way all kids do here, but we’ll definitely speak English to her here at home. It’s a nice thing for kids to grow up with two languages. They absorb it so easily when they’re young, and it opens doors for them later.”
Pat raises his hands as though to distance himself from this line of conversation. “That, I don’t know anything about,” he says, the merriment of the atmosphere evaporating instantly. “You’d have to ask the police about that.”
John doesn’t answer, so Sherlock turns around just in time to catch a glimpse of a deeply-pained look on John’s face. It disappears instantly. “Oh, I don’t mind,” John tells him. “Three or four? How many did you cook?”
Sherlock attempts to process this. He plucks a dead leaf from his coat and sets it on the ground beside him. “What do you mean about you and love?” he asks, the question abrupt and bitter in his mouth. “Do you not love me anymore? What did it mean all those times you said it, then?”
Sherlock pulls back just enough to take in John’s expression properly. “I’m not what?”
The earth practically stops turning, or so it feels. Sherlock’s body is molten hot on the inside, and John makes himself go slowly, in tiny increments, waiting at each stage for Sherlock’s body to relax and allow him inside. It feels beyond merely
“Absolutely,” Kyle says, smiling at them both. “I’ll have it on ice and waiting.” He checks the time. “You’ve got five minutes before your circle meeting. Don’t let me keep you. And if you need anything for the hike down, if you decide to go swimming – you know, towels, picnic supplies, bathing suits, water bottles, any of that – just come and see me before you go.”
“When you were trying to force me out of my slump by making me save you, thanks to Mary’s shitty advice,” John says bitterly.
John’s face relaxes now. “Just – out on a quick errand,” he assures Sherlock. “I wasn’t gone long. Only half an hour or so. I came to see if you were awake but you were still sleeping, or I would have told you.”
Dinner is good. Sherlock is a bit reserved, but only just noticeably, at least to John. Maybe he’s just hyper-attuned to Sherlock’s moods right now. He’d sort of like to say something about how great it was to be back on a case again, but he also doesn’t want to misstep and say something insensitive. Maybe Sherlock hasn’t figured out where he’s even landed on it, how he feels about it. It’s pretty likely that he doesn’t want to assume that it’s all fine now, say something premature, John reasons. But he smiles now and then and they talk a good bit, mostly about the food, but a few other things from the day. Anderson’s terrible new haircut. Something funny one of the witnesses said that wasn’t intended to be funny. When they finally leave, it’s close to eleven and John is just the right amount of full and feeling very contented. The adrenaline has worn off but the fatigue hasn’t caught up just yet.
He immediately feels Sherlock go rigid, then he stiffly removes his arm without a word, crossing both across his front and withdrawing into himself, his lips compressing.
over the moon, aren’t you?”
Sherlock hears it and decides to allow himself to believe it fully at last. “Okay,” he says, and John puts his arms around both him and Rosie and holds them close.
Sherlock doesn’t react for a moment, his face kept carefully composed. “I don’t know about that,” he says after a moment, his tone thoughtful. He doesn’t seem at all perturbed by John’s response, which is in itself a relief. “There were… understandable reasons why you didn’t see what I saw immediately. I don’t see it as a question of your competence, in light of those considerations.”
John nods, still smoothing his palm over Sherlock’s tousled curls. “It’s okay,” he repeats. “I’m here. You were dreaming again.”
His limbs give way and he lowers himself onto John, turning his face into John’s neck to pant there, his hands loosely holding John by the shoulders. His entire body is trembling with the aftershocks of the most powerful orgasm he’s ever had, and he feels closer to John than he knew it was possible for two people to feel. He can’t speak. John is panting, too, both hands loosely stroking down Sherlock’s back and arse, their penises softening next to one another, over-sensitive now. There is a sticky mess between them and Sherlock doesn’t care.
Mary goes on being affectionate with her, but it doesn’t change, doesn’t… cross certain lines, at least, until one evening early in August, a Friday. Molly’s come straight from the lab, setting her umbrella and purse down near the door. It hasn’t rained yet, but they’re promising thunderstorms tonight and Molly wanted to be prepared. The heat of the afternoon is sultry, not reaching her down in the basement lab, but wafting up from the pavement as soon as she’d stepped outside, getting the bus to Mary’s flat. She’s stopped even thinking of it as ‘Mary and John’s’; somehow she can hardly even picture John here. Probably because she’s only ever seen him at Baker Street, but it’s odd that his presence should have disappeared so thoroughly from this place that he lived in for the better part of the past year.
statements have been retracted, and every possible need to hide this has gone away. Their case is over, the NDTMC is shattered, and all the necessary conversations have taken place. They’re allowed to have this – openly, and without fear. Tomorrow they’ll go and take part in the Pride parade they’ve saved and join in the legacy of activism that neither of them has ever cared much about before. Then they’ll have themselves a slice of holiday, then go back to London and start building the rest of their life together. And plan a wedding. Mrs Hudson will help, John thinks vaguely, his arms still tight around Sherlock’s shoulders. She’s always wanted this for them, hinting at them not needing a second bedroom from the very start. John thinks of Gary suggesting that he marry Mrs Hudson and wonders fleetingly at the ridiculous logic that would promote
Sherlock smirks a little. “All right, you were gone ninety-three minutes.”
John pats his upper right jacket pocket. “I hope so. It won’t be half as long as yours was last time.”
“Something like that,” Sherlock agrees, his tone speaking volumes of what he thinks of that.
“While resolutely appearing to pay no attention to the other men there so that we can focus on getting ourselves married to appropriate women,” John says, very dryly, and Sherlock snorts.
“Captain,” Greg says. “Why? Are you military?”
He should have remembered that rage renders John deaf.
He wakes with John curled closely in behind him, his erection pressing into the curve of Sherlock’s arse, and this makes him smile, instantly recalling every single thing that happened between them yesterday. John is also snoring, so Sherlock decides not to wake him. However, he needs the toilet, so he carefully extracts himself from John’s grip and eases himself out of bed, taking his phone with him into the bathroom. It’s still early, just after eight. Does John need to be awake for work? Sherlock stands there for a moment after he’s washed his hands, as well as the remnants of last night from his body, wondering about John’s schedule, then realises that it’s already the twenty-fourth of December. Christmas Eve: John’s two clinics are both closed today. Perfect.
Lestrade consults his notebook. “Well, it just seems like they have a lot of money. Like a
to feel safe about getting more deeply involved with you, he needs to know that there
Sherlock smiles. “It wouldn’t be amiss.”
John clears his throat. “Yeah, about that… I saw it and I thought you should know. Just – in case it comes up or something. I don’t know.”
Chris smiled at this and didn’t deny it, and they ate the rest of the chips together in a silence that suddenly felt almost too easy, too warm. But the contrast to the cold rain, to John’s absence, was palpable, and Sherlock felt himself relaxing into it, unable to prevent himself from taking this most basic of comforts and letting himself have it. When the chips were gone, Chris switched everything off again and nodded toward a door that led up to the flat above the shop. “This way,” he said, so Sherlock got up and followed him.
Greg gives her a bit of a smile, then turns the focus back on them. “So, what’s your story? You were married before?” he asks John.
“To know if we’re staying another night. I gave her some more money and made her go away,” Sherlock says. “I also got her to take your clothes and launder them. She only just brought them back about twenty minutes ago. It’s probably what started to wake you. I tried to be very quiet about getting back into bed, though. I wanted to be here with you when you woke up.”
It’s a month later before she sees Sherlock again, and by that time, she’s had a meeting with Mycroft Holmes that she didn’t particularly enjoy, and four sessions with John, who finally returned her call. He makes great progress over the four sessions, talking openly at last about his issues related to guilt and misplaced blame, his mistake in having gone back to Mary and his subsequent guilt at her death, the text messaging affair, and finally, Sherlock. Reading back through her notes, she wonders how she didn’t see it sooner: John was always in love with Sherlock, only he wasn’t fully conscious of it, perhaps. He certainly never mentioned it to her. When Sherlock died, or when they both thought he had, she’d wondered then. The unspoken things that John absolutely refused to share… she hadn’t pressed the point, though. John’s walls are very high, indeed, but he’s at least learning to let himself see what lies behind them.
John glances at him, then looks at Lestrade. “Yeah, thanks,” he says. He debates saying something about future cases, but decides against it. “Come on,” he says briefly, to Sherlock, putting an arm behind his shoulders to lead him away, and Sherlock comes without a fuss. John waits a little, then drops his arm as they stride off toward the nearest street to get a taxi. It’s a bit delicate, the whole question of how physical to get with Sherlock in front of Lestrade and the rest. After all, they sleep together now, in each other’s arms, but that’s not only not public information, it’s also not what it would look like to anyone else, and John also can’t go misrepresenting it, much as he’d rather like them all to think that they’re together now. Funny, that – before, he would have – he
No: the illusions have broken. Mary only kept her around to use her, amuse herself, perhaps, but also to orchestrate things, maybe to make John jealous, for her babysitting, for her video equipment. For her loyalty to keep quiet about Rosie’s true father, about – all of it.
“Yeah!” He didn’t mean it to come out quite that enthusiastically, but there it is. “That’s – yeah. I’m – I’m getting why you – liked it,” he gets out, making himself say it.
“Yeah?” he asks, then goes back to mouthing the head of Sherlock’s penis obscenely, lips and tongue rubbing it from all sides, and it reduces Sherlock’s ability to make coherent sentence by a factor of approximately ninety-eight percent.
“Of course not,” John says, still smiling at him. His face is dreamy. “That was figurative. Obviously we’ll have to try it both ways. Every way. Everything and anything you want to do, Sherlock – we’ll do it. Honestly, before I met you, I would have considered myself more often as the dominant person in a situation, the one who would volunteer to lead or take on authority. But never in my life have I so instinctively followed someone else as I do with you. And that fits for me, too: I was a captain. That means I gave orders, but I took them, too. It seems I go both ways on that, as well as other things. I would say that the traditional roles aren’t going to fit us. I mean, if anyone thinks that either you or I is about to stay at home and cook while the other person is out and about, they’ve got another thing coming.”
This takes John a moment to absorb. They’re almost back at the flat. “No one?” he asks, his voice distinctly unsteady. “Not even – ”
Sherlock tightens his arm a little. “I know. It was bad enough when it was you,” he says, half meaning it as a joke, half entirely serious.
Sherlock shakes his head. “You don’t understand: it was a substitute for the work, and for him. I couldn’t cope without him. And he’ll never leave me and I’ll never leave him, so you needn’t point that out as a possibility.”
He pulls himself out a moment or two later and collapses onto Sherlock, panting as though he’s just run a marathon, his cock tender and still half-hard, oozing the last of his climax onto Sherlock’s. He can’t speak and it seems that Sherlock can’t, either, panting into his hair, his hands stroking limply over John’s back and arse. After a little while, Sherlock moves one hand to the back of John’s head, his fingers stroking through his hair. “I have never felt anything comparable to what I feel right now. That was… life-changing.”
manner, the manner which Sherlock has wanted so badly for so long, and will never be granted. It’s too much. It’s more than that: it’s unbearable.
Sherlock rakes his fingers through his hair. “I’m glad,” he says. “That’s what I was hoping. I just needed to confirm, before – but you – ?”
John feels almost delirious with happiness, the weight of the Rosie question finally lifted. They’re going to keep her. He is her father, and he’s got all the time in the world to figure out how to be a better one than he has been so far. And Sherlock will be there to help, to share the work of it and be his partner in it. He can’t even quite take in how much it is that Sherlock’s offered to be a parent to Rosie, himself. It’s enormous. And it means that they’re in this for the long term, definitely. Should he propose, possibly? Yes. Maybe. Later, John tells himself. “So what’s next, then?” he asks, bringing himself back to here and now, in Vienna. With Sherlock. (Incredible. Unbelievable. But true!)
Sherlock watches him and thinks that this is good, despite the acute embarrassment just minutes ago. It’s dulling the edges of the anger that surfaced this morning at the circle meeting. He looks at John’s chest and wants to swim over and put his lips to it, again. Another dangerous urge.
He walks over and lays a small, white envelope on Mycroft’s desk. Mycroft eyes it as though it might contain a letter bomb. “All right,” he says cautiously.
“I didn’t realise we needed a bench for that.” Sherlock follows dutifully, though, and allows John to pull him into his arms. They kiss for a long moment or two, not caring who might see. After all, the photos that followed the bombing have made virtually any public display of affection between them seem tamer by comparison, Sherlock thinks, though his concentration is far more on John’s mouth than anything else.
’s office to complain about its missed delivery. “I’ll just, er – ”
“A bit,” Sherlock admits. “But hopefully the end result will be worth our trouble.”
Sherlock doesn’t answer right away, obviously processing this. His arm is still around John’s shoulders, his thumb rubbing lightly against the soft material of the new shirt. “It
Justin and Thom exchange looks. “He did drink a lot last night,” Justin volunteers.
“Perhaps you could be a little more specific,” Todd suggests.
“Best get that,” John says, squeezing his shoulder and moving away.
They sit down to their meal, and even with the sounds of Rosie babbling to herself from her playpen in the sitting room, the date feeling from brunch lingers, at least for John. He’s careful not to say or do anything to draw attention to this, obviously, but it’s glowing in his belly. They eat through the simple, homey, delicious meal, the conversation deliberately light. John wonders if Sherlock is feeling it, too, or if it’s just him, but of course he’s not going to ask. He’s blundered enough over the years. He’s not going to smash this delicate new thing that seems to be building. Of course, it could all be in his head, too. The delicacy could just be Sherlock himself, and his precarious emotional balance at the moment. He doesn’t trust his own objectivity enough when it comes to Sherlock. John suppresses a sigh. It’s fine: this is nice. Really nice, even.
“It’s a good special,” Sherlock points out, and John agrees, his shoulders relaxing. “So, who’s got Rosie today?”
Sherlock’s face lights up. “Oh! Yes, over on Clerkenwell! Brilliant idea! I’m famished, actually. When did we last eat?”
Sherlock begins to move, and it’s like nothing John’s ever experienced before, either physically or emotionally. The urgency returns swiftly, his cock getting all the way hard again in seconds, and soon enough Sherlock is driving into him with rapidly-escalating need, panting over him, their eyes still on each other’s. John can hear himself moaning, not even trying to hold it in, and Sherlock’s teeth are digging into his lower lip. He shifts his weight a little, changing angles, and suddenly it’s there again, the bloom of pleasure flaring and glowing within John like a sun, and desperation breaks over him. The orgasm is about to crash over him and he can’t control exactly when or how it will. His hands are scrabbling against Sherlock’s back, frantic words and sounds babbling out of him, but Sherlock gets it, his hand suddenly there around him, jerking hard, and John comes so hard that he loses consciousness for a moment or two, his throat hoarse, come spurting out of him in thick jets, and Sherlock is plunging into him, his body wound tighter than a spring, his voice all breath. He surges into John hard and goes rigid, liquid warmth flooding John’s body as he cries out, and it’s so powerful that John’s cock manages to jerk out another burst, too.
“What?” Sherlock asks, looking into his eyes.
“I didn’t even think to,” Sherlock says, honestly. “The entire thing was – rather a surprise.” He bends forward and touches his nose to John’s in an unschooled need to touch him again, to express some miniscule part of the overwhelming ocean of what he feels for John. “What it did for me, though, was to wake me up to the possibilities of what I wanted to have with you. I used to think about it, especially when I was away.” He continues touching his nose and lips to John’s as he speaks, trying to convey the strength of his feelings, the depth of his desire for him. “I fantasised about it, endless scenarios of how it could be made to happen and what we might do, and how. I had never wanted in such a tangibly physical way before, and once it started, I couldn’t turn it off. I’ve wanted you for years now.”
Sherlock isn’t sure he understands. “Was what always – what?”
John decides not to comment on this rare display of empathy. “Come on,” he says instead. “The press is waiting.”
with me,” John says, a little too forcefully, and attempts to ignore the fact that his body is definitely too aware of this. He survived it last night without embarrassing himself, so he should be able to manage this. He swallows and it’s too loud in the quiet of the room. “Good night,” he says.
Hearing John’s candid statement of fear surprises Sherlock a bit. “Does it?” he asks, curious. “I thought you were the one who – who does this stuff. Feelings. All of that.”
It’s not like that at all, though. While Sherlock was obviously new to the whole notion of sleeping with someone else, he’s not particularly awkward about it, as it turns out. Somehow his limbs fold up quite nicely, and even when his hair gets in John’s face, John finds himself endeared by it rather than annoyed. He’s a quiet sleeper, occasionally mumbling nonsensical things, but he doesn’t snore or whistle or wheeze. When they’re still awake, Sherlock’s body feels warm against his, not sweaty or hot or intrusive. It feels like comfort, his form somehow melting against John’s. And when John wakes in the night and Sherlock is fully asleep, it’s almost even better, because then Sherlock is completely relaxed against him, his weight heavy against John’s body in a way that’s somehow the opposite of oppressive. John finds himself lying there in something akin to awe that he’s allowed to have this, that his arm tucked around Sherlock’s middle has every right to be there, that Sherlock wants this – that if he were to take it away, it wouldn’t be an ashamed retraction, but rather an act of cruelty. Ella was right, John thinks during one of these moments: they do have to figure out how to accept the concept that they’re allowed to do this, to have each other like this. It’s a source of constant wonder to John, yet he’s still struggling to adjust to this reality, to accept it fully.
The wall Sherlock managed to build between this and the work fades into nothing. He wants it so badly he can almost taste it. “Please,” he gets out on an exhalation, and John takes his face and pulls it gently to his own. Their lips meet, and Sherlock forgets everything but John’s mouth. It starts slowly, their lips closed, but accelerates rapidly, both of them needing more. Sherlock puts his arms around John, one over his shoulder and one around his back and he feels John melt into the embrace, his arms circling Sherlock tightly. Their mouths are open now, tongues tangling together, breath gusting out of their noses, their torsos pressed together. They kiss and kiss and no one interrupts it to talk. Nothing needs to be said just now. They said all of the big things earlier.
John makes a thinking sound. “Well, Kyle already knows, so he’ll have questions,” he says. “Kyle, and Todd if he’s around – he’ll need to know anyway; it’s his husband. Poor guy.”
Sherlock swallows. “Okay,” he says, not entirely understanding what John means, but open to whatever it is.
long to feel this, to have someone want to do this for him. To know that he deserves it, too, without any sort of prerequisite of compensation or apology, that he’s worth doing this for. John sucks and licks and bobs his head over Sherlock, sensing that he’s getting close and wanting to bring him over the line. Sherlock’s legs and hips are moving, his stomach hollowing and filling as he pants.
“No,” Sherlock tells him, glancing at John, who doesn’t contradict this. “Let us know when the details are set.”
Something occurs to John. “Sherlock – what about that list of employees who have key card access to that lift?” he asks. “Did Brenda ever get that to you?”
Sherlock doesn’t react, his eyes still probing mine. “It’s fine,” he says. “But we can stop if you like.”
John grabs at the pocket. “Yeah, right here,” he says. His heart is in his throat as he follows Sherlock to the door of the flat, Sherlock calling Mrs Hudson’s name.
Sherlock doesn’t budge, either. “Well, we’re definitely engaged,” he says neutrally. “We’ll wear rings once we’re married.”
“Client, if you’ll have me,” the other returns, sounding a little startled by Sherlock’s demeanour. He shrugs. “I rang, but no one answered, and the door was open. Reckoned you must have just stepped out, so I sat down to wait.”
David sets the child in his lap and looks at her, his face filled with affection. “Hello, you,” he says, and Sherlock notes that he is a very nice man indeed, despite his own first impressions of him. If he fell for Mary’s machinations, too, perhaps that merely speaks to the size of his heart rather than that of his intellect. He looks up at them both. “So – legally speaking, what needs to happen?”
It’s not the life he would have chosen. Then again, he doesn’t know what he would have chosen, either. John watches London go by from the A12 and wonders how everything got to be so bloody colourless.
“Don’t – you can’t – I can’t – ” He isn’t making sense, but Sherlock abruptly withdraws his hand, wincing.
Sherlock is struggling visibly. “I don’t want to
My heart is just about cracking open. I look up at him from between his legs. “You are so loved,” I tell him soberly. “I love you so much. So much more than I know how to say, Sherlock. I love every part of you, inside and out.” He gazes back at me, his lips parted, the eye contact so intense that he doesn’t even need to say anything. I nuzzle my nose into the sensuous line of his hip leading to his pelvis and press my tongue to the underside of his balls. He inhales deeply, his cock already flat-up against his body. I drag my tongue up the length of him and trace the delicate ridge of the head, then take his cock in hand and fit my tongue to that beautiful, demure slit of his, tasting the first trace of his arousal. That taste is all mine, I think, gloating privately. No one else has ever tasted this. I take him into my mouth now and feel him grow impossibly harder there. He’s moaning openly now, hips pushing up into my mouth, those long fingers of his gripping at my head.
Biggs gives half a grin, more of a smirk than a smile. “With this crazy bitch?” He jerks his chin in the direction of the door behind them, leading into a side corridor, and John gets up and follows him.
“I’ve never been to New York,” John interrupts, attempting to speak over her.
Sherlock feels his lips compress. He looks down at his goddaughter to avoid eye contact and shakes his head. Rosie is preoccupied with trying to capture the red threading around his top buttonhole. “No.”
I can’t say that I’d never wanted kids. But I never actively wanted them, either. It wasn’t something I ever gave much thought to. I grinned like an idiot when Sherlock said it (of course he could deduce
John snickers. “Nothing wrong with that,” he says mildly. “Hungry?”
John smiles. “Get in,” he says, nodding at the cab that’s slowed at the kerb. “We can figure out where we’re going inside.”
Sherlock nods. “Yes. Okay.” He bends to reclaim John’s mouth then and they kiss for several minutes more, and it’s really bloody good, John thinks. When the kettle starts to boil, Sherlock breaks it off, looking surprised. “That was quick,” he comments.
“It’s not,” Molly says, slightly taken aback by this abrupt beginning. She waves toward the large machine on the other side of the room. “It’s all yours. Help yourself.”
I lift my head and look down into his eyes, feeling my heart welling out of them. “I will never leave you,” I tell him fiercely. “
“No, not yet. I didn’t know how long we would be.” Vee gets her coat on absently, barely thinking of it.
The next morning, they’re just finishing breakfast, seated across from each other at the kitchen table. They made crepes with fresh blueberry sauce and crème anglaise with roasted sausages alongside, and John feels very much contented and full. They’re sipping coffee and perusing the newspapers now.
For a long moment, Sherlock doesn’t answer. Then he says, “Yes. I’m afraid I can’t discuss it just yet.”
He comes to himself some time later, his entire body still trembling from the strength of it, and Sherlock’s hands are stroking down his heaving back over and over again. The driving need is gone, but in its wake the need to bond remains, this intimate, sweaty, skin-to-skin contact fusing them together. He feels himself softening at last, and reaches down to hold the condom in place as he pulls out, not wanting to make a mess. There’s a bin next to the bed, so he disposes of it and turns back to curl himself around Sherlock’s long, blissfully relaxed form in unabashed possession. Sherlock’s arms fold around him in equal claim and John feels his chest well with happiness he didn’t know he was capable of feeling. “I love you,” he says, and Sherlock’s arms tighten.
Sherlock agrees, and they surround Andrea and march her out, a murmur of speculation rising in crescendo as they go.
comment gallantly on her appearance, to be fair. “I thought you two were – you know… together,” Mum says.
Mrs Hudson brings Rosie up around supper time, saying that a friend called and invited her out. She doesn’t seem to notice anything different between them, but then they’re studiously careful not to let on, either. She comments on the paint job in the corridor and wonders that they haven’t got it finished yet. Neither of them tells her how or why they got off track and lost interest in it. Tomorrow, Sherlock had said vaguely when John brought it up, and they spent the rest of the day sitting close together on the sofa, talking through a few of the things that John’s wished he knew how to bring up before but didn’t know how. He apologises for his terrible letter, and for having shut Sherlock out. He apologises for that day in the hospital, and for having gone back to Mary. Sherlock’s arms tighten at this and he doesn’t say anything for a little while. Then he apologises for that day at St. Bart’s and not having told John that he was still alive.
watching to that point. I mean, I knew you were: John phoned you. I know that. What I find difficult to believe is that you ever stopped the surveillance.”
Sherlock closed his eyes. Leave it to Mrs Hudson to just break it all open, smashing this delicate, unspoken understanding with her well-intentioned but clumsy gestures. John had said something awkward and inconclusive, but thankfully Mrs Hudson’s phone beeped with a text then, distracting her thoroughly and she went downstairs to call the person back. A silence had settled over the sitting room in her wake. Sherlock waited, pretending to read the
“Nonsense,” Sherlock says, brushing this off. “It was a nice way to wake up.” He stops talking now in favour of curling his fingers around John’s penis and pulling it to his mouth. He mouths at its crimson head, enveloping it in wet heat, then brings his tongue into it and rubs gently all around, tasting the wetness welling from the slit. John exhales deeply and puts a hand into Sherlock’s hair, not pushing or guide, just stroking through his sleep-tangled curls and Sherlock looks up at him, not lifting off or asking, just holding his gaze as he lavishes attention on this most sensitive part of John’s body. It feels exquisitely intense. John looks almost as though he wants to say something but can’t decide whether or not to. Sherlock waits a moment, but when nothing comes of it, he devotes his attention fully to the task at hand. John’s penis seems to grow as he puts it in his mouth, stroking over it with his lips and tongue and hand, returning again and again to the head. His fingers explore, caressing John’s testicles and pressing into that place behind that makes him groan and grip his hair a little tighter. John pulls his knees back a little in subtle invitation – subtle enough that Sherlock wants to ask first. He looks up without taking his mouth from John’s penis and makes a questioning sound, his fingers probing further back, and John nods.
“Just give me a second and I’ll be right there,” John says, so Sherlock goes to find his coat and shoes. It’s the first week of August, but the evenings have been cool. John joins him a moment later and they go down and hail a taxi.
“Yes, of course I’ll do my mince pies,” Mrs Hudson assures him, cutting him off, and John’s laugh comes out through his nose. Mrs Hudson looks over at him. “I suppose
Todd nods, though his eyes are calculating, knowing that Sherlock hasn’t said enough. “It must be difficult, being in the public eye the way the two of you are,” he says. “For instance, I know almost nothing about the lives of anyone else here, but with you two – I’ll admit freely that I’m pretty curious about the whole wife thing, Doctor Watson.”
He could bring up the notion of exposure on the trains, if John is going away somewhere. He could mention it. But it would make him look petty, which it would be. John is sensible; he knows better than to take unnecessary risks. They agreed about a month ago to keep their household bubble as closed as possible. Surely John wouldn’t risk that by introducing a stranger into their germ pool. Not that he probably thinks of it that way, Sherlock thinks, jabbing viciously at the keys of his laptop as he refuses to take a lost cat case on his blog. When it comes to sex, John’s brain has an entirely separate department for dealing with the subject, wholly removed from concepts like logic or common sense. He could have a secret girlfriend. It’s entirely within the realm of possibility based on precedent. In the past, John used to spring these new girlfriends on him as a fait accompli, usually after about three or four weeks of dating. Sherlock always knew – maybe not the specific woman, but he always knew that John was seeing someone. He would grow secretive and distant, a bit aloof. Rather like now, only John seems somehow more agitated this time.
Sherlock’s breaths are coming shallowly, his mouth open, but he nods. “Yes – just – ”
And then, Mary. In retrospect, I could see that Sherlock did the only thing he could have done. He knew I wouldn’t stop asking who shot him – with a shot to the heart, it would have been pretty hard for him to deny that he saw his shooter, and he knows I’m not
For a moment, awkward silence falls. Then Jim guffaws. “I’ve got to hand it to you – you’re hilarious, Sherlock! I’d no idea, from your interviews and that!”
followed me to Brighton, not that Mary would have let me go tearing off with him. I consoled myself by thinking that at least he was probably missing me too, if the comments on his ridiculous blog post were anything to go by. Mary didn’t want me to keep checking the comments and that, but I’d wait until she was asleep and then check on my phone. I saw that last, forlorn little exchange between him and Mrs H, her offering to go up and play board games with him, and Sherlock accepting, of all things. It made me feel unaccountably sad, and guilty too, like I’d abandoned him. I deprived us both, I guess.
The tears slip out of Andrea’s eyes now and run down both cheeks and she doesn’t try to answer, trying very obviously to stifle her reaction to this and failing.
Mary is lying back in the bath, her elbows propped on the edge, head reclining on an inflatable pillow. She lifts her head and manages a smile, but she looks tired and sad, Molly thinks. “Hello,” she says. “What’s that?”
“It’s fine,” he says again, the arm and towel both disappearing behind the shower curtain.
“We’ll take it slowly,” John promises, his eyes closed as he presses small kisses into Sherlock’s skin. “I don’t want to hurt you.”
and me torn between laughter and sheer exasperation, not explaining to him what the bloody point of a honeymoon is. Judging from the blog post he broke into my blog to write, he definitely knew, though. ‘Sex holiday’, indeed. If only he even knew how little of that there was, or how right (damn him) he was all along about Brighton being boring and not all that warm and overrun with tourists. It somehow felt both like we were trying too hard, yet also not trying hard enough. On the latter score, maybe we should have gone somewhere tropical, only it was expensive. Not that Brighton was cheap, but still. We saved on airfare, at least. As for trying too hard, honeymoons are a bit like Valentine’s Day: too much pressure to pretend you have the perfect relationship, that it’s precisely what you wanted all along, and that your sex life is fucking
“Don’t be daft, of course I know that,” Mrs Hudson says, swatting at his arm. “But since John’s come home, it got me thinking. This is a new phase, as it were, and that deserves a bit of celebration!” She looks back and forth at them both. “Don’t you think?”
“Mmmm,” Sherlock responds sleepily, still smiling.
Vee thinks of Sherlock and her teeth clench. “They are not ‘fine’, Mycroft! They are far from
Karen writes something down, then looks across the way at him. “How often would you say that occurs? You do appear in British newspapers together fairly often…”
miss her. That’s all mixed into this. I want to see her again, but until I even know what I’m capable of offering, or… want to offer, I guess… I don’t even know what to do, say, think… any of it.”
“Not painful?” I ask, and he shakes his head. “Good.” I can feel myself getting harder, too – just the notion of him being turned on by it is a huge turn-on. I push against the base a little and envy the toy, being inside him like this. “How does that feel?”
John accepts this, his chin ducking in acknowledgement. “And now?” he asks. “You’re all right?”
Sherlock’s hands come up to grip his arms just above the elbow, not returning the embrace in any way, just preventing John from letting go in what feels like an instinctive, almost panicked gesture. “I’m – I don’t want to sleep.”
“God, no!” John hastens to reassure him. “I just thought I should – I don’t know, check. I mean, you’re the one who brought up the topic of sex in the first place, of those ‘unspeakable things’ you thought I might do in that bed with that imaginary girlfriend. And – I mean, you’ve said before, that you’ve never really done that sort of thing, so I was a bit surprised – but as long as you’re happy, I’m over the moon, Sherlock. I can’t wait to explore all of that with you, because I’ll have you know that you’re the only person I’ve got any plans to do unspeakable things with, in that bed or anywhere else.”
Jodie is still watching him curiously. “All right, then,” she says mildly. “Everything all right, though?”
Sherlock snickers. “Subtle,” he comments, but his fingers tighten in mine and he doesn’t let go.
“Good!” Sherlock looks at John, who is watching, his lips parted, waiting for the details. “As soon as they find him, I need to know if he knows who attacked him! We’re beginning to have a strong idea of who it might have been, but without Jeremy’s word we can’t do anything about it!”
Sherlock’s body turns instinctively toward him, like a plant seeking the sunlight. “I ordered Indian,” he says. “Butter chicken and saag paneer and naan, with samosas and basmati.”
John feels like he’s missed three stairs going down a flight. “Wait,
He bends forward and bites at Sherlock’s neck, closing his lips and tongue around it and Sherlock makes a high-pitched keening sound and thrusts even harder. John grips and strokes and murmurs dirty encouragement into Sherlock’s neck and ear and Sherlock cries out and fills his hand with hot release, release that John rubs over him as he comes again, his cock jerking and pushing out still more.
“I’m right here,” I assure him. “I was just in the loo. Go back to sleep.”
Sherlock just grins at me, his eyes narrowing with a predatory light in them. “I definitely recall saying that I wanted you in bed with me again,” he counters, his voice dropping an octave. “That’s not necessarily the same thing.”
. John stops breathing and surrenders to it, utterly beyond his own control to hold it back any longer. Sherlock’s cock is still spurting over his fist as John closes his eyes and feels himself pumping out gush after gush of hot release into the condom, buried to the root in Sherlock’s body, his own frame gripped in the unstoppable tidal wave of his orgasm.
He looks so unhappy that Sherlock almost wishes he could retract the entire conversation and just go to him. But that would involve an unveiling of himself that he could never take back, a vulnerability that could never be defended, shielded, protected, and there is too much broken between them to allow for that. He looks away. “Yes,” he says, very quietly.
John sets their plates on the night table, sips his coffee, then sets it down and turns back to him, giving Sherlock his full attention. “What about us?”
He’s there in seconds, which seems like a minor miracle in and of itself. “Ella,” he says smoothly, not explaining how he knew it was her. Perhaps he had a private line installed just in case she ever called. Who knows.
“You know,” Stacey says, leaning in, “I almost wouldn’t know you two were a couple if you hadn’t said. Well, and come here, I guess. I mean, you don’t wear rings, you’re not terribly affectionate with each other, you never really touch much…like, now and then, but not as much as one would expect, given that you’re engaged and all that.”
They come out around the corner and survey the seating options. Mycroft and Lestrade have claimed the armchairs, so they take the loveseat, Sherlock careful to place himself on John’s right to avoid aggravating the gunshot wound. John neither leans into him specifically, nor does he keep any particular distance, yet Mycroft takes whatever he’s done as confirmation of what he’s clearly already surmised and sends Sherlock a needling look which Sherlock is careful to avoid intercepting. Mycroft clears his throat in a rather pointed fashion and says, “The two Russians survived. They were taken into Sunderland for immediate surgery and are awaiting interrogation upon their recovery. I assumed you would prefer to be present.”
“What’s all the rest of it?”
“No. Didn’t want to go into your bedroom without asking first,” John says, sounding a bit awkward, following him inside.
“Not every time,” John says, sounding a bit flustered. “But – yeah. Either it was that, or something else. Nobody was, er, satisfied. It’s difficult, when you just don’t want to any more. Not with that person, at least. And then Rosie came and we were both so tired, and fighting a lot… yeah.”
John looks at him with both surprise and respect. “Fair enough,” he says, and drops the subject.
“I’m fine, thank you. You asked me to keep you apprised of any new developments or information,” Mycroft says. “In fact, I was trying to reach Sherlock first, but he’s not answering his phone. I imagine he’s embroiled in that kidnapping case in East Finchley.”
John feels both lowlier and more humbled than he’s ever felt in his life by this. “I’m so sorry,” he repeats, his lips feeling numb. “I’ll – I never want to do this to you again. God. I want so badly to deserve your trust. I’m sorry, Sherlock.”
is intended in the singular or the plural. Sherlock feels John tense, and takes care to keep his response measured. However, this statement sounds like a deliberate jibe at John and needs to be addressed. “I believe it should be stated that intervention in Rosie’s care was, while needed and appreciated, done without John’s input or consent,” Sherlock says, a bit sharp. “At the time, he was undergoing considerable personal trauma, and this unwilling loss of his child contributed significantly to said trauma. I presume you can both comprehend that this action necessitated an altogether understandable period of recovery time.”
Sherlock breathes his name, his voice low, and then they’re kissing again. It grows rapidly, Sherlock’s mouth opening under his, catching on so quickly that it’s breathtaking. John’s heart is pounding after five minutes of this (or has it been ten?), his arms wound tightly around Sherlock’s back. The warmth of Sherlock’s body heat is soaking into his frame and he can’t get enough of it.
“Nice one!” Daryl says, sounding impressed. “More hidden talents over here.”
!” Sherlock says vehemently. “John – please – ” His mouth is on John’s again before he’s even allowed John to answer, but John doesn’t seem to mind at all, a muffled laugh getting swallowed into the kiss.
Of course he didn’t miss that, John thinks. “About eight. I’d say we fell asleep around eleven, so we’re well-rested.”
“Okay.” Sherlock unties it and lets the blue silk slip down his upper arms, exposing his sculpted shoulders and the upper half of his back. “Like this?”
of it,” Sherlock says. “From the very first time you kissed me. I couldn’t help but compare everything I did with Corey unfavourably to how it had been with you, and it wasn’t only because it happened with you first. It was – leagues away. Not that it was… bad, with him. Not at all. But even if I hadn’t felt what I feel for you – and I’m aware that that could have coloured my impressions of it – on a strictly physical note, it was always better with you.”
“Well, you tell me how else to describe it!” John gets control of his laughter at last, wiping his eyes.
Lucas doesn’t smile. “Most relationships do,” he agrees. “I didn’t think that the ‘greatest crime-solving duo of our time’ was one of them, however.”
“Like that I’m sorry,” Corey says, a bit starkly. The server returns and briskly sets down their drinks, including a small pot of milk for John’s tea. When he’s gone again, Corey continues, his hazel eyes seeming darker than they did before. “I mean that. I’m sorry. I didn’t know how things were between the two of you. From what I’ve been told, it seems that you two didn’t really know, either. But I’m sorry for moving in on what must have felt like your territory, even if it hadn’t happened yet. I didn’t realise. I mean, I guess I sort of wondered, with you guys living together and all that. I didn’t know if it was just a work relationship plus friendship, or what. And I liked Sherlock right from the start. I mean, you know what he’s like, obviously. He’s incredibly attractive, super intelligent, charismatic… so I thought I’d just give it a shot. I didn’t even know if he was into men, but you two had to know that I was from the case, so I just said, what the hell, and asked for his number. It’s always a bit of a risk, in my position, but I liked him enough that I decided I didn’t care. I was actually kind of surprised when he agreed to come out for a drink – which I now know was because you encouraged him to, and helped him figure out. So, my apologies, and also thanks, I guess? Because if you hadn’t, I wouldn’t have gotten any of the time I had with him. But knowing now that you felt the way you did, I’m really sorry.”
“Are we heading straight back there, then?” Sherlock asks, watching him over the rim of his coffee cup.
Sherlock smiles very slightly, and John still can’t tell whether or not he even meant that to be funny. He clears his throat. “Er, yeah, which is to say that, er, oversleeping happened.”
John’s mouth fills with saliva, seeing it. “God,” he breathes. “You’re
The clock now says 4:04am. John turns onto his side, away from the blinking of Mary’s clock, and tries to go back to sleep. The memory of the well won’t leave him alone, though. Eventually he gets up, creeps quietly past Rosie’s room, and goes down to the kitchen to make some warm milk. He heats it in the microwave, then adds a generous tot of Irish cream and stirs it in, carrying it back up to the bedroom. He blows on it and sips, then gets carefully back into bed. He can still feel the water spraying into his face and eyes, his hair dripping coldly down the back of his collar. The horror of realising he couldn’t move his feet, that he was chained to the floor of the well, Sherlock’s voice in his ear the only hope in the world. And Sherlock, distracted and running, alternately talking to the girl on the plane and him. He’d thought he was going to die there, the water up to his chin. He’d just about given in, his eyes squeezed tightly shut, when suddenly there was a light from above, and a rope. He’d looked up and Sherlock’s face had appeared in the mouth of the well.
John hesitates, then adds, “Plus I don’t really know how much more, er, acceptable it would be to be walking around with you and holding hands in Vienna than it might be around here, but – it just feels like a touristy place like that might be more accepting. And I just – not that I want that, per se, but I’d like to feel like we’re able to, if we want that. And maybe it would be fine in Sarajevo. I don’t know.”
John opens his eyes and tilts Sherlock’s face back up to look at him. “I just don’t want to push anything here – ” he starts, but Sherlock cuts him off.
The movement causes Sherlock to stir, lifting his face and smacking his mouth sleepily. He looks down at John and smiles, then drops his head to kiss him once before rolling off him at last and stretching luxuriously. John does the same, then turns on his side to simultaneously pull Sherlock back into his arms, face-to-face, while also glancing over him to see the time. It’s still early, a few minutes before eight. He settles back onto the pillows and puts his hand on the side of Sherlock’s face. “Morning,” Sherlock says, before he can.
Silly, Sherlock thinks. He could have just gone through the bedroom. This feels ridiculous: they’re being tremendously careful and polite. It doesn’t match all of John’s warm-voiced teasing in the past month or so, the constant touching, their coziness on the sofa last night, and particularly not their rather uninhibited sex. For a moment he remembers vividly John sitting up, straddling him, and jerking them both off jointly, the hot spray of his release landing wetly on Sherlock’s chest and stomach as he came. He can feel himself stirring at the very thought of it and looks down to see a slight rise beneath the towel. “Stop that,” he mutters to himself, even as the sound of the shower turning back on emanates from the bathroom. “This is no time for that.” He wills his body to calm as he gets dressed, though at least the arousal is a distraction from the nervousness. He pulls on the black underwear he likes best on himself, the wool trousers, silk trouser socks, and then the aubergine shirt John has commented on in the past. He contemplates, then adds the jacket that matches the trousers, a slim-fitting two-button one of his preferred style, cutting sharply in to fit his narrow waist. He examines himself obsessively in the mirror until he’s satisfied that he looks as good as he possibly can, then takes himself to the sitting room to check his email and pretend he’s not fixated on the time. And everything else.
John snickers, then gets properly serious. “Do we know who he was?”
Sherlock pauses and looks over at me. “I don’t mean hide it,” he says after a moment of thought. “I just mean… how do we concentrate on anything else and just – behave normally?”
“I know, but I have to,” John says, still feeling guilty. “I put you through hell.”
“I want you to fuck me.”
“So she couldn’t have had hyperkalemia,” Sherlock says, cottoning on at once, and once again John has to marvel at the depth of his medical knowledge. “Could there be any other reason for the calcium glutamate to have been in her blood?”
John smiles in spite of himself, his eyes still closed. Sherlock never has been a morning person. “Does that mean I can go back to sleep?”
And then Molly. What Eurus forces him to do is brutal. He tries to be gentle, tries to couch it as a request for her help. He has no desire to expose her this way, made her a tool for his disturbed sister’s machinations and cruelty. Molly doesn’t deserve that. But Molly is too resistant in spite of her transparent vulnerability as she is unwittingly observed by Eurus’ cameras. He hears himself pleading with her in the name of their friendship, but she treats him with suspicion, her eyes rimmed in red. (Why has she been crying? Was it because of him? Sherlock has no idea.) He has to argue with her over saying the words, to the point of her turning it back on him, demanding that he say it first. The time is running out. He has to say it, and sound as though he genuinely means it.
For a moment, something hangs in the air between them. Then John clears his throat and puts his hand on the doorknob. “See you tomorrow,” he says. “Thanks for dinner. It was great.”
“Somehow not hugely surprising, though, wouldn’t you say?” John speculates. “I mean, half these guys are probably so homophobic because they’re in the closet, themselves. It’s a thing, isn’t it? And all that talk about reinforcing each other when ‘temptation’ comes along and that horrible oath they were going to make us swear… plus, don’t Republicans have a notorious habit of being outed in gay sex scandals?”
So is Sherlock, clearly. He’s smiling into John’s eyes when the kiss winds down. “Thank you,” he says, meaning the onions. “I’ll just give this a toss and then I think we’re set.”
At the same time, he knows – knew even then – that he was leaving Sherlock high and dry, on the brink of his first time ever being with anyone, and after having put himself out there and asked for it, too. John closes his eyes and hates himself. He knows Sherlock didn’t leave the room, didn’t go and get himself off – just lay there suffering from what was probably an acute case of blue balls, one that John gave him instead of sealing their newfound relationship in physicality to match the words they’ve both said. It was completely shitty, yet if the same situation came up right now, he knows it would go the same way. One more notch to add to their terrible history.
John is still looking at him, but Sherlock won’t meet his eyes. Donovan jumps in again. “It’s pretty obvious to the rest of us, John. All the signs say that both the wife and daughter were on the receiving end of abuse, and it looks highly likely that it was the mother who was beating the child. It’s common enough: the person who’s abused turns into an abuser, themselves. It’s a pretty standard pattern. Odd that you can’t see it, though.”
Sherlock turns around and frowns at the lift. “Can guests use this lift? Or is it for employees only?”
“By Mary,” Sherlock states, the words grating in his throat, and Mycroft doesn’t deny them.
“Hungover?” Sherlock chances, calculating. John doesn’t acknowledge this or deny it. “Let me get you some water.”
“The parachute?” Sherlock frowns back. “What parachute?”
John’s mouth quirks. “Er… yeah.” He coughs again. “That – okay? I mean – it’s all, er, pending your approval, of course.”
“Perfectly sure,” Sherlock replied, in that same tone of cultivated neutrality, then manufactured one of his slightly insincere smiles usually reserved for clients. “It will be good to have you home again.”
Sherlock makes a thinking sound. “It
“Sorry,” Aliyah offers, giving John a small smile. “That
Sherlock makes a neutral sound and ducks in to kiss John again, longer this time. He’s shirtless, and his very proximity is making John hard. “You’re here now,” he says when they next break apart, his voice breathless.
Sherlock looks over at the clock on the microwave. “It’s just after six. Late enough, I should think.”
This time he sends something between a grimace and a sunny smile at John over Sharon’s head, and John offers a wide smile back as he falls in on Sharon’s other side. They find seats at the little café tables set up in their destination room and sit down at one of them, Sharon still between them. John drinks his watery coffee and amuses himself by listening to Sharon attempt to engage Sherlock in conversation, clearly sizing him up as a marriage possibility, and to Sherlock’s strained efforts at polite responses to this obvious fishing.
Sherlock is breathing as hard as I am as he lets my cock fall from his lips, licking them and staring up at me with those mesmerising eyes of his, their pupils flooding his irises with arousal. “Was that – okay?” he gets out, speaking with obvious difficulty, and I exhale in disbelief.
For a long few moments, John is silent, his steady breathing the only sound in the room. Then he turns onto his side to face Sherlock and deliberately reaches for the rattle, t-shirt, and book, and places them all carefully behind him. Then he shifts over the blanket and puts his arms and legs around Sherlock, fitting his head into the crook of Sherlock’s head and shoulder, and they hold each other for a long time without speaking. After perhaps twenty minutes have gone by, John says, just above a whisper, “I feel like it’s still an open wound. And like you’re the one thing that’s preventing me from bleeding out.”
Predictably, John smiles at this, though only briefly, his hands tucked into the pockets of his coat. “Bit nippy for a picnic,” he says in response.
Sherlock speaks rapidly to the desk agent in one of his friendlier fake voices, thanks the registrar effusively, then swings around and fake beams at John while thrusting a key envelope at him. “Here’s your key,” he says, with entirely feigned brightness. He turns away even as the face drops. John purses his lips, looks down at the floor, then follows him toward the lifts, gamely tugging his suitcase behind him. Sherlock is walking much faster, his open coat flapping behind him like wings and he jabs at the up button with his index finger without looking to see whether or not John has followed him.
“What?” Kyle demands, sounding outraged. “Lucas has been cheating on you?”
“Sorry,” he says to Aliyah, propelling Sherlock forward with a hand on his shoulder blade and speaking to her over his shoulder. “We weren’t paying attention.”
“And this casework takes place… during the day, when your daughter is at daycare? Or during the evenings as well?” Karen asks.
Panic is rising up and threatening to choke him. “But – what do you mean by that?” Sherlock asks, the question sounding desperate. “How can it not be about me when the problem
He feels Sherlock move behind him in what feels like alarm. “John, what are you – where are you going?”
“This is where I leave you,” he announces. He points to the package they received, which Sherlock has been carrying. “You’ll find everything you need in here in terms of information about the schedule and the facilities. There’s a card we ask you to fill out every night by midnight to choose your activities for the following days. If you need anything else, don’t hesitate to call the front desk – towels, linens, snacks – the room service menu is inside, too – or anything else that you can think of. Just say the word. As well, extra services are available à la carte. All you have to do is mark it on your daily card.”
Sherlock gives half a smile. “When I saw you at the restaurant,” he says. “The Landmark. When I first came back. Mycroft had already told me about Mary, that you’d bought a ring, but somehow I thought that just wouldn’t matter, that you and I would always come first for both of us.” He hesitates, then adds, “It’s why I pulled that ridiculous French waiter stunt, you know. I got nervous. I saw you sitting there, and suddenly it seemed like a terrible idea to just walk over to you out of the blue. I didn’t think any of it through.”
John looks back for a long time, his doubt showing clearly, but his face is open. He wants to believe it, Ella thinks. He just doesn’t think that he’s permitted to. Not yet. “I believe it, too,” he says at last. “I’m not sure I’m w – ” He stops himself from saying whatever it was and clears his throat. “But I want to be.”
“Exactly,” Sherlock says. “She knew that the marriage was falling apart and she wanted to punish you for your near-indiscretion, perhaps. She wouldn’t have even needed to see your phone, either: Eurus could have shown her the entire text conversation. Either way, it’s odd that she didn’t do something that would allow her to take Rosie with her.”
“You never talk about Rosie,” Sherlock says very quietly, stroking his thumb over John’s knuckle. “I don’t bring her up because I don’t want to remind you or make it hurt all the more. But it’s odd that we never talk about her.”
“I feel ridiculous,” Sherlock says, staring at the carpeting beneath his face, his voice muffled.
John’s eyes open. “What?” he asks, sounding slightly defensive.
For a long moment, Sherlock is silent, visibly struggling with something internally. John looks at him and wishes he understood what it was, exactly. Wait – is Irene actually suggesting that Mary was –
“Mother.”
John has to think about this to sort out the logistics. “You were in chains,” he says. “Held in a certain position.”
“I’m a wedding planner,” Jodie reminds him, without reproof over his having temporarily forgotten. “It’s my job to be able to plan and advise my clients on all of the possible options out there.”
“I can’t,” John says under his breath, another circle of fog forming in front of his lips. He wanted what happened last night. He’s wanted that in shameful secret pretty much since the day they met. He’d thought Sherlock was a nutcase, to be sure, but that never stopped him from noticing how ridiculously attractive he is. His body is basically perfect, he moves like a model, all long-legged grace and just enough arrogance to push it into being stupidly hot. And that’s just the outside: paired with his incredible intelligence, his charm, his charisma, his unexpectedly thoughtful moments, and a thousand other aspects of his personality, his entire being, that he can’t even quantify in words… John sighs. Yeah. All right: so, definitely in love with Sherlock, then. Admitting it to himself feels less monumental than he’d thought it might. Possibly because it’s been about the worst-kept secret from himself that he’s ever had. He’s thought about kissing Sherlock thousands of times by this point, and far more besides. He knew that Mary was right when she said
Sherlock gets up. “See you in half an hour,” he tells her, and goes to intercept John at the top of the stairs.
The fire is lit and crackling as they compose their salad together. Sherlock simply joined John in the kitchen and John didn’t protest. They slice vegetables and roast nuts and shred cheese in near-perfect harmony, Sherlock privately savouring every second of it – of doing something as basic as sharing domestic space with John again, of preparing food, of the tiny dance of moving around one another, passing a knife, retrieving a kitchen implement, taking something to the sink for the other. Only now it’s all been made exponentially more significant by the delicacy of the situation, by the earth-shatteringly important shift in their relationship. He can glance sideways at John’s perfect mouth and remember with genuine awe that he has kissed it, been kissed by it. The notion is breathtaking, despite it having happened several times already.
good, and it’s only – no, there’s no ‘only’ about this, John thinks, cutting off the thought. This is – everything he’s ever needed or wanted. He pulls Sherlock onto him with both hands, the better to get his hands back onto the firm, perfect curves of Sherlock’s arse, and also to let him take the lead in case he wants it, let him set the pace. Sherlock makes a slightly questioning sound into his mouth, moving against him, and John makes one of wholehearted confirmation in return. The combination of the not-quite-sure-of-himself-ness, yet unmistakeable desire for him in every movement Sherlock makes is a knee-weakening one and John feels himself harden even more. Their cocks are pushing and sliding together, eased a little by the lotion, the artificial, faintly floral scent instantly imprinting itself on his brain as an aphrodisiac. There’s heat gathering between their bodies, Sherlock’s balls rubbing against his in a way that feels almost obscene and John in in heaven. He’s been fantasising about Sherlock for literal years in half-acknowledged, half-ashamed secret, but it never prepared him for the actual sensation of having Sherlock’s long, warm, lithely-muscled body spread out over his, for the incredibly human, earthy, visceral reality of his ability to be this aroused, the very hardness of his cock almost a shock. John can’t touch him enough, kissing him hungrily, sucking at his mouth like it’s air as they rock and pant and moan, the pleasure coiling up from his balls and spreading through him in silvery, breathless, glowing need. He’s gripping at Sherlock’s arse with both hands again, their rhythm perfect now.
Sherlock agrees, breathless. “I never thought I could – do this so many times in one – short period,” he gets out with difficulty.
! This is
Sherlock nods as though this is not a surprise. “When?”
“That’s true, but you could be on to something,” Sherlock muses. “Failing other leads found before tonight, we can certainly try it. With or without the car.”
“Does that mean you’re single?” Sharon asks, probing quite obviously.
Mycroft concedes. “As you wish, then.” He gathers the photos and map and replaces them in their file, closes the desk drawer and fits his fingers together atop the desk again. “Take your time,” he says. “This will be a large decision for you. It’s important that you consider carefully. You know how to reach me.”
Sherlock feels acutely uncomfortable. He opens his mouth, looking down at his hands, but doesn’t know what to say. He feels John’s eyes on him, and his concern, and then John clears his throat.
“He’s blending in pretty nicely, I’d say.”
,” John says, not even trying to mask his reaction to this. “That’s the best thing I’ve heard in weeks! Text her and tell her we’re ready, would you?”
Irene smiles and nods. “Of course I will. You know me.”
His eyes are already at half-mast and Sherlock lowers his face without even thinking about it, unable to form words for an answer. All he knows is that kissing John is the best thing he’s ever felt and he wants endlessly more of it. Their mouths draw together like heat-seeking missiles and his arms get themselves around John’s shoulders without his conscious direction. They stand there, kissing, jaws and tongues and lips moving, hands rubbing over each other’s backs. It feels so exquisitely good that Sherlock’s knees feel weak. There’s no hesitation between them, nothing but warmth which is steadily flaring into heat, John’s arms around him until he frees one hand to put it on Sherlock’s face again, his thumb rubbing over Sherlock’s cheek. Sherlock feels engulfed by what he feels, by what John seems to feel. It’s – phenomenal. His hunger for John is growing exponentially by the minute, his arousal insistently making itself known against the heat of John’s body. John must be able to feel it. He shifts then and Sherlock feels the brush of John’s arousal grazing his own, and a shiver skates down his spine.
Sherlock clears his throat. “I assume you checked all of your cooks’ and dishwashers’ criminal records before they were hired?”
) He gets the cuff buttons undone, takes a deep breath, and pushes the two halves of the finely-woven burgundy cotton off Sherlock’s sculpted shoulders.
be getting is the freedom you’ve always wanted, John,” she points out. “Come on: admit that you’re getting angry because you know I’m right and because you feel guilty about it. That’s fine: you probably should, a bit. But this isn’t about accusations anymore. This is about what’s best for everybody involved. Think about it: what we want is a child in our lives. Who better than our own niece? What Rosie wants is steady, reliable parents who are around all the time, a safe environment to grow up in, love and attention. She’d get that. She’d be getting it from four parents, really. Two men and two women, perfectly balanced. She’d have double the role models and double the love of any child in the world. What you want is the freedom to pursue this crime-solving thing unencumbered by a child. It has nothing to do with how much you love her. And then every other weekend, you’d have her all to yourselves. We’d get a break to go away or whatever, be on our own, and you’d probably have just enough of it before you’d be itching to be on the go again.”
Sherlock’s forgotten that he bought it already. “Oh – certainly,” he says, and sets about preparing it. This is actually just right, he reflects. He and John, a fire burning, another difficult case satisfactorily wrapped up, and now a new flavour of tea: life is just about perfect now.
They appear to have several options for arranging themselves. Margaret’s office is spacious and sunny with skylights and potted trees, a table fountain trickling in one corner. Her chair faces a loveseat similar to the ones in the common room, with a plush armchair on either side. They can either sit together or not. Or very not, Sherlock thinks, considering the two armchairs. John glances at him, then goes and sits down on the loveseat. After a moment’s hesitation, Sherlock goes and sits beside him.
He decides to intercede before Donovan, who’s currently scrolling through her phone in the corner of the office, can say anything along these lines, and throws a cautious look at Sherlock. “When is it, exactly?”
“I have feelings for you,” he says, his voice low, hands opening and closing nervously. “I – always have, if you want to know. I just – things got so – and I couldn’t ever just – but I am now. I’m saying it: I want there to be more between us, Sher – and I don’t know if you do, if you feel – like that, but sometimes I’ve thought – Christ, this is difficult!”
“Yeah. Okay. Let’s get a coffee.” John looks around for his coat, then realises he’s still wearing it. Yes: caffeine would be a good idea. “Where were you thinking? The coffee here is awful.”
Even thinking about it plunges him back into that same nightmare. John pushes it all back down into the recesses of his brain and sneaks another look at Sherlock, tuning out the bland conversation around him. Sherlock’s face is perfectly composed, but he’s retreated even further than usual from the surface of himself, making neutrally-toned answers when required, his eyes shuttered.
Sherlock shrugs. “If a trap is being laid for us… what better way to spring it than by walking right in? Unless you object, of course.”
There’s the sound of a key card being swiped through the lock and beeping, then the door opens. “Dr Watson? Just checking in.”
She nods, too, obviously having a lot of thoughts but not sharing whatever conclusions she’s coming to. “Well, you’ll just have to talk it out like adults,” she says briskly. “Communication always helps, doesn’t it.”
And slowly, things improve. There’s an entire week of John thawing, warming to him, and miraculously, laughter returns to them, too. Sherlock shivers the first time he hears John laugh again, his own notwithstanding, and hopes that John won’t notice. He must keep it all under strict wraps if he doesn’t want to lose this. He almost said it again on his birthday, almost told John that John is the one person alive who makes him the best version of himself, that he will never need anyone but John and that no one ever will ever do. He still wants to say it all, but caution has returned with sobriety. He can feel how tenuous everything still is between them. Once lost, trust can never be rebuilt. He must accept this fact. And John has never trusted him. His letter made that quite clear.
“What do you prefer?” Sherlock speaks too quickly, too anxious to smooth over his gaffe.
“And she might not,” John says darkly.
John glances at him and finds that the smirk has returned to Sherlock’s mouth and feels pleased with himself for having successfully got that back. “Thought that might catch your eye,” he teases. He slices off a forkful of it, the prime tip piece, and holds it up to Sherlock’s mouth. He’s going to sell this ‘fiancé’ thing, damn it.
the part you seize upon? No, she never ‘saved’ Sherlock’s life. Not either time. Certainly not when she put a bullet in his heart – a very real bullet, I might add. This one right here.” Mycroft picks up the evidence jar and rattles said bullet. “Nor did she save his life the day when she falsified her own death.” He allows himself to sneer. “Seems to be a behaviour you inspire in the people you care about. I wonder why they seem so desperate to get away from you.”
. You
Sherlock’s hesitation is enough. “I did wonder about the DVDs,” he admits. “How could she have known she was about to die? It never added up.”
“It wasn’t!” The words come out with something akin to violence. “It
Sherlock looks at him for a moment, his face intense. Then he goes on. “I also acknowledge your apology and accept it. I wasn’t sure whether or not you would be willing to own it.” He exhales a little. Whatever he’s trying to say is taking him some effort, Mycroft notes. Sherlock closes his eyes briefly, then looks directly into his again. “I’d like to take some of what I said back. About your… interference. The fact is that there’s a child now, a child that I plan to help John raise. That changes everything. She is vulnerable. The measures we’re taking are considerable, but the fact remains that we simply lack the resources to keep her as safe as we need to. If it’s not too late, I – we – would like to ask for your help in that regard.”
“Says the man who recently blew up a brick in this very room,” John says dryly, but his mouth is twitching as he slices the bacon.
“Ordering it would probably be the easiest,” Sherlock says. “The appliances haven’t been reconnected yet. The fridge is, but there’s nothing to eat. No need to worry about finding a baby-friendly restaurant, if such a thing exists, if we order in.”
Sherlock opens the door and slips into the room, shutting the door behind him, as though it’s meant to be a secret that he’s even there. “Hi,” he says. “I didn’t want to wake you if you were still sleeping.”
“Sherlock… ” John’s other arm comes around him now and they’re kissing again, harder this time, legs winding around each other as they attempt to crawl jointly into each other’s laps. They kiss and kiss and it feels giddy. Eventually it breaks off and John makes a sound like a soft moan, both hands gripping Sherlock’s face. “I want to do this with you forever,” he says, his voice intense, his words unconsciously echoing Sherlock’s. “I love you and I want this for the rest of my life. The rest of
Sherlock has already changed into pyjamas and an old t-shirt and comes in while John is brushing his teeth. “Mind if I join you?” he asks, already reaching for his toothbrush.
Seeing John’s face when the lid of the boot opens is as much of a shock as the daylight in his eyes. The entire day that follows goes more or less precisely as he planned it, as he expected it, Molly’s angry, tearful accusations sliding off him without any impact. (What’s she so invested for, anyway? It doesn’t make any sense.) It’s John’s sharpness, John’s closed, tense face, that matters. Of course, it has to get worse: he makes an error. Unexpected, that. Rather awful. Somewhere in there, he loses control, and finds himself bleeding on the floor of the hospital, John’s furious face looming over him, his fists clenched.
It never fails: John has responded with immense enthusiasm every time Sherlock has done this, from the very first time. He’s bending forward over the counter, breakfast preparations forgotten, bracing his weight on his forearms as Sherlock’s tongue massages his hole, hands gripping both sides of his arse. Sherlock relishes this act deeply, loving how sensually and fully John responds to it, loves the way he can intimately track the way John’s body responds, too – precisely how much the tight ring of muscle relaxes and when, the way his muscles clench as his arousal mounts and mounts.
Lee introduces himself to the group. John surveys him dispassionately and wonders if he’s out of his thirties yet. He’s extremely earnest, to the point of being dogged about it, talking about the ‘dangers’ of experimenting with homosexuality, of allowing oneself to believe that sexuality is fluid, something that can be ‘fun’ to dip a toe into, just to see, and the life of temptation and despair that inevitably follows. John thinks of Harry’s years of struggling – with identity, with acceptance, with depression, then with alcohol, and wonders if this clown has ever even met anyone who’s been through that sort of thing or if he’s got all of it from a pamphlet.
“They weren’t allowing you to sleep,” John says shrewdly, wagering a guess, and Sherlock nods again. “God. That sounds awful.” He pauses. He wants to ask, but he doesn’t know how to tiptoe around it, other than drawing it out some more.
It works, though: he’s awake and blinking, his mouth open, eyes and hair both wild. Reassured that he’s not about to get struck, John touches his arm in the same place, using the familiarity of his touch to help ground Sherlock again. “John,” Sherlock says hoarsely, his voice ragged.
“Sherlock – what – ” Is there any point in even asking? He pushes the button for the lift and turns to Sherlock. “Are you onto something here?”
“You did the heavy lifting on that,” I point out.
He responds by backing Sherlock into the wall and transferring his hands to Sherlock’s hips, knocking his own up against Sherlock’s so that their erections are pressing together, his breath hot on Sherlock’s lips. The next kiss is messy and wet, hungrier than before, and Sherlock’s pulse redoubles on itself. How they get from there to the bedroom is a blur; the next thing he knows, John’s small, strong hands are stripping the clothes from his body and his seem to be doing the same to John’s, and then they’re naked in each other’s arms and he revises his earlier thought:
Mum’s mouth falls open and Harry looks a bit stunned, too. Mum recovers first. “A
“And?” John prompts, his voice turning sultry as he nudges at Sherlock’s nose with his.
, I was close! And the memory of it, of how close I came, simultaneously drowned me in shame and made me want to scream out of regret that I hadn’t. It made me intensely cranky the next morning, I’ll say. Between that and the pounding in my temples, I was in a fine mood, while Sherlock had already moved on to the case itself. Was he even aware that the possibilities were hovering between us there, so, so close to becoming realities? Would they have, though?
There’s another chorus of agreement. Brad looks at Doug, then says, “In that case, we’ll host the first one. Say the second weekend of August, barbeque at ours? Doug makes a killer steak, cooked to order. We’ll provide beer and some other stuff, you guys bring what you want. Sound good?”
Sherlock’s hands are moving over his back, his fingers gentle, the urgency gone, though his chest is still heaving, his breath hot and fast in John’s hair. “That was…”
“There wasn’t much option to dawdle,” John says, setting down the trunk end of the tree with a huff of relief. “Where should we put it? Same place as always?”
He pulls back far enough to look John in the eye. “I was wondering how you were feeling about your… relationship with alcohol at the moment,” he says, steeling himself a little as he speaks and putting it as plainly as possible. “I know you were… going through some withdrawal symptoms for awhile, though I haven’t noticed any for several weeks now.”
“Yeah, well, that should have been the first deal-breaker,” John says lightly. Their server approaches, and John glances at Sherlock, so Sherlock places their order and the man departs, filling their water glasses and absenting himself again.
Mum refills his tea mug. “Where’s Sherlock, then? Thought he’d be here with you?”
,” I admit. I glance around. “Is there anything good around here?”
“Good. Check it out,” Mycroft instructs. “Above all, do not break your cover. We may need to keep you in place for a second week if we don’t solve this before your scheduled departure on Sunday. Investigate, but
“Would you mind if I showered?” he asks, his tone polite, yet completely opaque.
John makes a thinking sound. “Do you think it would be more… I don’t know, convincing if it’s me who calls? Or would it be better for you to do it, as a ‘neutral’ third party – not that you’d be neutral, but you’d be better positioned to look it, I suppose.”
, John! Under some deluded premise that it’s healthier than butter.” Sherlock is disgusted. “He tried, though. It was kindly meant.”
Sherlock smiles into John’s hair, secretly very pleased by this. “Am I?” he asks with surprise.
how hard that would be. Those nights when we get called out to a case. Would one of us always have to stay home? We couldn’t ask Mrs Hudson to just wake up in the middle of the night to look after her. She’s older and she needs her rest. It’s one thing to ask her to watch Rosie for an hour or two in the afternoon, but nights are different. Besides…” John hesitates a bit, then makes himself ask it. “We haven’t even talked about this part of it, but – I mean, if we’re together and we have my daughter – if she is that – at Baker Street, does that mean that I’m essentially asking you to be a parent to Rosie, too? Do you… would you even want that? I mean, the same thing could be said of you – that it’s one thing to ask you to watch Rosie here and there, but a
He delivers all of this with that same, practised lack of inflection to his voice that makes John want to grit his teeth. Sherlock is shutting him out. That’s what that tone says. He’s clearly going with a clean denial that anything odd transpired between them yesterday. Like everything else, then, they’re just not going to talk about it. Ever. Only, sometime down the road, another crack will appear in the façade and something will come leaking out again, like whatever that was last night. John exhales hard and gets out of bed. Fine. Fucking fine, then. He collects a new set of clothes and takes himself into the loo. It occurs to him to wonder if Sherlock might be checking out his bare back, but he probably isn’t. John’s aware that he’s got nothing on Greg, who must spray-tan or something, because how does any English man get that bloody tanned in January, anyway? And besides, Sherlock would probably only notice any excess weight he’s carrying. There shouldn’t be much of that, at least. He shaves and brushes his teeth, glaring at the mirror, then relieves himself and gets dressed. He didn’t even hear the shower. He thinks of Sherlock waking, seeing him there, probably snoring and doing whatever other embarrassing things people’s bodies do in their sleep, then silently slipping past him to shower and get ready without waking him. Sherlock must think of him as such a lump of humanity, with his base needs for sleep, food, sex, and all the other things Sherlock seems to dismiss as entirely negligible parts of life. Though he does like dessert, John reminds himself, though he can’t see how that might be relevant at the moment.
“Around eleven?” Sherlock asks.
John accepts his child back. “Thanks, Mrs H. As ever, I’d be lost without your help.”
“I don’t want to lord it over John,” Sherlock says, frowning. “I just want it to make things less complicated.”
From where he’s standing at the counter, Sherlock can hear the downstairs door open and his heart rate picks up perceptibly, his smile starting automatically even as he chops spring onion. John has only been out for an hour – less, fifty-three minutes, to be precise – but Sherlock was overtly aware of every second of it. They were out of cheddar, nothing urgent, only he wanted it for the lunch he’s building them and John volunteered to go out and get it well before he started and Sherlock agreed.
“We’re busy enough with the actual invitations,” John says, his own brow creased. “Just – drop it, will you? We’ve got enough to think about.”
Ella nods. “Well said. And the corresponding element to these emotions would be the sexual one,” she leads, hoping that John will fill in the rest for himself.
Before Sherlock can answer, Rosie makes a sound that comes through the monitor. Sherlock nods toward it with his chin. “You get the child. I’ll make the tea.”
Sherlock smiles at him and takes him by the hand, leading him over to the mantle. “Yes,” he says simply. “We do.”
“I’m sure it would also help physically,” John says. “Just getting used to having that muscle stretched would be good.” His eyes skate over Sherlock’s blue silk-clad form. “Were you thinking… now?”
“Oxygen,” Sherlock says automatically, and John’s face grows noticeably less worried.
That night, they put Rosie to bed together, Sherlock reading to her while John changes her nappy. They stand by her cot and wait until her eyes are closed, then shut off the light and go downstairs. Sherlock pours them each a brandy and they sit down on the sofa close together, Sherlock’s arm draped across his shoulders, John’s knees resting on Sherlock’s thigh.
Andrea smiles, and it strikes him again that she’s quite beautiful, in a cold sort of way. The façade is difficult for her – she’s obviously a straightforward person, unlike Mary, who knew how to play just about any part without a hint of struggle, or any conflict regarding her own past. Andrea has to work at it. She was probably a fairly decent person before the life event that caused her to make the choice to become a serial killer. Now he hears an echo of Sherlock again, as he makes himself walk at a firm, but moderate pace out of the dining hall, not liking the thought of having Andrea at his back:
John looks confused. “What do you mean, ‘change my mind’?” he wants to know.
, she types back.
John’s eyes overflow again, but he nods. “You’re right,” he says, looking down at his hands. “You’re absolutely right.” He clears his throat. “You know it’s not easy for me, this sort of thing. Letting people in. Admitting when I’m not strong enough to bear something on my own.”
“I don’t know,” John says, privately resolving not to move an inch if it would mean him being any further from Sherlock than he currently is, their upper arms pressed together. “I only know how to waltz, and this is definitely not waltzing music.”
“Hmm?” Sherlock makes himself sound casual and takes another sip of his water.
“It was his PA, Anna,” Sherlock tells him, putting the phone down and fixing John with his gaze. “Apparently a photographer may or may not have stolen some photographs of a sensitive nature from earlier in the actor’s career, owing to a current dispute between them now.”
“So should you,” John says firmly. “Neither of us got any last night and if this keeps up, tonight may be our only chance.”
“True. Excellent point.” John massages further down, between Sherlock’s shoulder blades and around his rib cage. He can feel the scars left from the times when Sherlock was badly whipped in Serbia, and one time before that in Romania, but he knows that Sherlock hates talking about it and doesn’t bring it up. It’s honestly just so nice to be allowed to touch him in any way at all. He hasn’t kissed Sherlock, yet this is undeniably intimate. “How is it feeling?” he asks, keeping his tone light and attempting not to sound like he’s trying to be seductive.
John rolls his eyes. “Seriously, Mycroft, ‘business’? What business could we possibly need to discuss?”
“Did you forget it earlier?” Sherlock asks, his tone casual to John’s ear, but John can also hear that he’s slightly out of breath.
“The ones he had in place to kill you, Mrs Hudson, and Lestrade. Do you think I
Sherlock stops pacing. “All right,” he says, very evenly. “Here’s what you’re going to do. John, would you pass me the daily schedule, please?”
“Of course, it’s not really the fourteenth floor,” Sherlock continues conversationally, ignoring the six other people in the lift with them.
He spots Dave and Kelly and opens his mouth to say something to Sherlock about wanting to go over and have a chat, but Sherlock catches his eye and shakes his head before John can even suggest it. “No?” John asks, keeping his voice down.
in another hand. “His mother?” John asks, and Sherlock nods. And finally, they find the remains of a parachute in a plastic, cut into pieces and set outside with the other bags of rubbish.
John nods. “That’s right,” he says encouragingly, keeping his voice down. “I’m here. You’re here, at home. You’re all right.”
“Perfect,” John says, and it is.
“Was that Eurus all along, then? Was it some sort of thing all three of them used? Eurus, Moriarty, Mary. They all said it at some point or another. And those DVDs Mary sent us. How did she send them, when she was already dead?”
John brushes his mouth over Sherlock’s. “Whichever will make you feel that more,” he murmurs, and Sherlock gives in and kisses him again. It’s deep and sensual and the distant noise of the party fades. After several minutes of it, he makes himself reluctantly pull away.
Kate looks across at John. “How often were you thinking?” she asks.
Eventually, Sherlock breaks it off, breathing deeply as he looks down into my eyes, his giant, beautiful hands cradling my entire skull. “You,” he says with feeling.
“Good thought.” Sherlock pulls on his coat. “Do we need anything else?”
John mentally braces himself. “What’s that?” he asks, clearing his throat again.
I scoot even closer and tighten my fingers in his hand. I’ve privately always liked hand-holding. It strikes me as being both romantic and practical, but now all I’m aware of is my need to be touching him somehow. I love that he started it, too. Sherlock responds immediately, twining his fingers into mine and it’s ridiculous but my heart is pounding just from this. This is so fucking important, the most important thing that’s ever happened to me.
I see him swallow. “Say what?” Sherlock’s eyes are locked on mine.
Mrs Hudson gives him a pointed look. “Oh, and you’re a fine one to talk.
Sherlock nods. “Did I sound as though I didn’t?” It makes him feel exposed and vulnerable, speaking about it so openly, but he knows that now, more than ever, his honesty is of utmost importance.
He’s going somewhere with this. “Then it’s not his real name,” I say, and Sherlock’s eyes gleam.
Sherlock pushes back the shower curtain and John gives him a towel, his eyes dropping immediately to Sherlock’s hard, deeply-flushed cock. Sherlock takes in his expression and smirks. “See something you like?” he asks, the question coming out in that same mixture of being archly delicate, yet completely knowing.
John nods automatically. “Will do. Thanks a lot.” She’s still ticked with him for not having been able to let her know during the whole Eurus debacle, not calling or turning up to collect Rosie when he’d said he would. She hadn’t cared that he’d nearly died several times during it, only that he’d been away for three days without a word. She’d thought he was in a drunken stupor, probably. Not that she’s ever tried to understand him. Oddly, the thing she’s understood the least was Mary, not even bothering to RSVP to the wedding. They met exactly once and John didn’t witness it, as it was at Mary’s bridal shower. Evidently they hadn’t hit it off, though Mary was tactfully vague on the subject. It was one of the only things she was tactful about, come to think of it. On the other hand, when she found out about Mary’s death, it was Harry who’d come forward and offered to take Rosie off his hands for a bit. They’d shared it with Molly, but it was mostly Harry and Liz who’d had her. It was one of the kindest things Harry’s ever done for him, and no matter how judgemental and gruff she can be, John reminds himself constantly not to forget this.
Mycroft leans over. “I suppose it would be too much to ask the two of you to behave like adults at your own wedding,” he says pointedly.
The afternoon drags. The final session is a choice of four different workshops. Sherlock texts him to say that he’s going to the one called
“Ah,” Todd says, sounding pleased. “A
“More connections,” Sherlock tells him. “Have you found anything on Christina McKenzie? We know she was poisoned. Three poisonings and a freezer incident – someone from the kitchen is definitely involved. It’s only a question of who, and why. But I’m beginning to form a theory.”
He cannot say it back. He
The emcee steps over to the podium. “Hello, everyone!” she says cheerily. “I’m glad to see you’ve all remembered to come a little early for our last meal together! We’ve partnered with Jodie Branson, whom we’ve already met earlier as our local wedding planner extraordinaire, to pull together some of the ideas that you’ve seen presented this week, to show you various snapshots of what your weddings could look like. Jodie has compiled a beautiful slideshow, so we’ll invite you to sit back and relax, and take in all of the many options that are out there for your special day!”
John processes this, his eyes still on Sherlock’s face. “Why would she have come back here?” he asks, feeling bewildered. “I mean – she would have known better than anyone what it had become. I don’t get it.”
Friday morning dawns, the sunrise breaking into both the bedroom and Sherlock’s eyes. Friday: they’re going back to Ravine Valley today. He smiles and stretches, then turns over to face John, who is snoring gently, his mouth open. Sherlock has never minded this and kisses John’s lower lip. The snoring stops at once, John blinking and swallowing sleepily. Sherlock kisses him again and John makes a sound in his throat and kisses back, his arm coming around Sherlock’s back.
“Nope. I actually thought about trying to just agree to get myself out of the room, but I couldn’t make myself say it.” The room is emptying and their conversation is becoming a bit too easy to overhear. He nods toward the door. “Come on. It’s almost time for dinner.” Once they’re out in the corridor, he turns to her. “I’m sorry if my questions were offensive. I was just curious, because you seem like such a nice person. Now I know that you are, and I think you’re probably a very good mother, like I said.”
John nods. “That means really behaving like a couple, you know,” he says pointedly. “It means we go along with whatever’s needed to keep up the cover.”
Once he’s said it, he can hear how it sounds – he just didn’t want to admit that it’s his fault they’re late to breakfast, but now it sounds like they both overslept and Sherlock might get irritated –
John had felt his old interest spark. “Yes!” he said, and saw Sherlock’s eyes light up in turn, not bothering to filter his own intrigue.
“Quite,” John says. “When will Lestrade get here?”
John nods, looking down at his hands. “I did. Yeah. Thought you’d replaced me with her.”
John bites his lip, looking uncertain. “I mean… I said I didn’t really want to have her with us. That you were my first priority. And you are. Nothing is more important to me than this. I just – I wondered if it could work to have her just sometimes. I don’t think it
John realises that he’s holding his breath. “Which was?”
“To be quite honest, we haven’t,” Sherlock says, that same feigned frustration to his tone. “All six deaths, still firmly cold cases. Even if a high percentage of these accidents, or murders, have some obvious connection to the kitchen, there’s just nothing to prove that they
“Which we won’t be mentioning in anyone’s hearing while we’re here,” Sherlock says, lightly enough. “But yes. I quite agree.”
“Hence your interest,” John says, suppressing a sigh. “Well, I suppose you can’t just ignore that bait, can you?”
John just smiles, refusing to be baited by this. “Nope. Afraid not.” His hands roam further south, massaging the delectable, firm curve of Sherlock’s arse.
John shrugs apologetically. “It’s pretty typical. So…”
“I’m not afraid of myself anymore, either,” John tells him, the words raw and vulnerable. “I think I finally realised today that I love you more than I fear anything else, even – that.”
Sherlock offered him half a smile and left without a word, the cold night waiting to reclaim him.
“If you even breathe the suggestion of Irene Adler, I’ll hit you,” Sherlock says, his tone acerbic. “You’ve always come first, John. Don’t you know that by now?” They’re there now, at the door, and he turns to look John in the eyes. “You asked me about Victor earlier, and I told you that I had already recovered sufficiently from my ban on personal affections and cited you as my example. That’s how it is: you came first. You’ve always come first. And while it’s true that I’ve seemingly allowed myself to care about other people since then as well, it’s always been you, first and foremost. I made that vow for you. I jumped off that hospital to keep you alive. I shot that man for you, so that Mary’s past wouldn’t destroy your marriage. Unfortunately I couldn’t control that one. But it’s always been you who mattered the most to me. Don’t ever let yourself believe otherwise.” He turns away and unlocks the door (with a baby inside, it behoves one to lock up, now) before John can respond.
Molly nods again and makes herself smile. “Okay.”
John tells himself not to feel miffed by this and wanders off down the corridor. He decides to take a shower, since he didn’t earlier. He’d meant to after breakfast, but then thought he shouldn’t go on leaving Sherlock watching Rosie, so he stepped in to play with her and that while Sherlock cleared up in the kitchen. He goes into the bedroom to get his pyjama pants and a fresh t-shirt, setting them on top of the laundry hamper with a towel as he runs the hot water. He keeps the shower short, aware that Sherlock might have decided to come to bed after all. It’s relaxing and he feels better after, towelling himself off quickly and putting his pyjamas on. Sure enough, Sherlock is there in the bedroom when he opens the door and John immediately apologises. “Sorry – I didn’t realise you were waiting,” he starts, but Sherlock waves it off.
aware of what’s happening this time for sure. There’s no doubt about it. Sherlock absolutely has to have felt his erection pressing up against him as John was jerking him off, has to know the state he was in, himself.
Sherlock turns and aims a smile at him over his shoulder. “Oh?” he says lightly. “How so?”
“Hoped?” Sherlock repeats, studying him closely.
“Well, we’ll work something out,” he says, and after that his mouth is too occupied to talk. Which is just fine with Sherlock. Considerably more than fine, in fact.
John is sitting in his chair reading the paper and Sherlock is sitting across from him, his laptop balanced on his knees. “Hmm,” Sherlock says.
It’s a joke, but it falls slightly flat as they both remember then that John doesn’t live in that room anymore. Sherlock just manages to suppress his sigh. “Tomorrow, then,” he says. “Come whenever you like.”
“I’m – I’m definitely the former,” Sherlock gets out, not trying to hide the fact that he’s breathing hard. “Tell me what to do from here.”
This makes John’s brow knit itself up with multiple emotions. “Yeah?” he says. His face makes Sherlock think of the sky after a storm. He nods, his face lined with the intensity of his emotion. “Me too. Definitely.”
Sherlock smiles, looking down at the wound. “That makes two of us, then,” he says, as lightly as he can manage it.
“I know.” Sherlock walks to the window and peers outside through the blinds. “I had the same thought.”
“My son. My poor son,” Vee says numbly. She lowers her hands and looks at them blankly. “I trusted you to protect him. He was always so sensitive. But this – ” She takes a deep breath, steadying herself, releases it slowly and breathes again. “Now I don’t know which is worse.”
David looks back and forth between them, then looks over at Rosie again, a look of unmistakable longing on his face. “I’ve always wanted to be a dad,” he says, a bit wistfully. “Specifically to Mary’s children, too. I feel a bit like I’ve just won the pools, if you want to know.”
John scowls, too. “Definitely. You’re right: there’s definitely something off about him.”
He pulls away after, but John reaches for him again, hardly daring to believe that this is happening and hungry for more, hungry to confirm it. They kiss for several long minutes that feel better than anything John’s ever experienced before, their arms tight around one another, bodies pressed close. “I love you,” John breathes, the next time there’s a chance to, and it feels so cathartic to finally just say it. “God, I love you, Sherlock.”
“We’ve got him,” Mycroft tells her, speaking into the phone now. “Once he’s back at the house, I’ll have his landlady contain the situation. We’ll monitor it. Thank you very much for your call. And your concern.”
Later on, Sherlock says that he’ll cook as John gets Rosie ready for bed, so he agrees and carts her off upstairs to deal with all that. When he comes down forty minutes later, the flat smells mouth-wateringly divine and Sherlock tells him that his timing is perfect and that dinner is just about ready.
“More or less, yep,” Lestrade responds, unruffled. He shrugs, his arms crossed over his trench coat. “It’s a free trip to New York.”
John understands, though. “Since long before Mary died,” he says almost to himself. “And then that happened, and I cut you off,” he says softly. “I’m sorry, Sherlock. The whole drug thing – was that – that?”
John’s smile breaks over his face before he can help it. “Thanks,” he says, glancing at his sister. “Though you knew that already.”
“Sure, if you like,” Sherlock says, meaning John’s offer of tea, so John goes into the kitchen to set about making a pot.
He scoots closer and catches Sherlock’s forehead on his shoulder, then licks his palm and goes harder still. It takes only four or five more strokes and then Sherlock’s entire body gives way, spasming hard, his hips pushing himself into John’s hand, and then the pleasure is bursting out of him in spatter after spatter that he cannot stop, cannot apologise for, cannot hide. The pleasure wracks his frame and turns him inside out, hot and very wet and getting all over both of them. He cannot control the sounds he is making, either, ugly and unfiltered and raw, nor can he stop the orgasm, curtail it, reign it in. John’s hand is stroking and squeezing, wringing still more of it out of him and Sherlock feels breath gusting through his clenched jaw in a hard, high-pitched, anguished moan.
Breakfast is dispersing as people start drifting off toward the exhibits and workshops. Sherlock clears his throat and turns away from Jodie, who starts gathering up her things. “I thought we’d start with the front desk staff,” he says, in that same, carefully-polite tone that he’s been using throughout the meal so far. “See what they remember about the victims, if anything.”
John coughs. “Anyway, it worked: I moved in the very next day, didn’t I?”
“No, I didn’t think so,” John agrees. “He seems like a genuinely nice guy.” He manages to say this without it sounding reluctant, which he thinks is pretty impressive, frankly.
,” he points out. “I mean – I know what you’re saying, but – no, we’re good. I promise.”
. The words lingers in John’s mind and he falls asleep smiling over it, the feel of Sherlock in his arms incredibly precious. Yes: they’ll figure it out together.
Scott looks into his eyes for a moment. “It doesn’t have to be,” he says easily. “You okay? What’s going on?”
”, the choir sings back.
His lips compress a little, but he says. “That’s easy: I haven’t got any.”
John shakes his head, his throat feeling tight. “That’s all I want,” he says. “To have this – these nights that we’ve been able to have for the past month expand into the rest of our lives, too. That’s it. The rest is extra.”
Mary neither looks at nor takes the papers. “What are you doing here, John?” she asks, with annoyance. “What is this? It’s hardly your job to read me my charges.”
Sherlock exhales. “That’s a frustrating thought.”
He wonders whether it’s a trip or something. Perhaps John and his secret new girlfriend (??? Sherlock can’t be certain) are going away somewhere. Maybe for Christmas. Sherlock could raise the subject, talk about how travel is a bad idea, that he isn’t even going to his parents’ for Christmas this year, out of the necessity to protect them. His mother scoffs at people overreacting, but she’s already reluctantly agreed that people shouldn’t be cross-contaminating one another’s houses. “A hotel would be different, they clean those with all of those disinfectants and such, and there’s space between the parties. Private homes are different,” she’d said when they last talked, and Sherlock had agreed. John could be going to a hotel, though. The thought of being at Baker Street without him over Christmas – a day he has never bothered about much, but still – is bleak. Mrs Hudson will go to her sister’s, as always. Alice Hudson is six years older and frail, and Mrs Hudson is one of the only people she sees. They always celebrate together, only Alice’s children normally go, too. This year it’s only to be the two of them, with the children and grandchildren calling in over Zoom. Sherlock thinks it’s sounds ghastly, but Mrs Hudson seems philosophically cheerful enough about it.
To her surprise, John launches himself at her and hugs her fiercely. “Thank you,” he says as she hugs him back, startled but pleased.
John dips his chin once. “Yeah. Very well,” he agrees, then clears his throat, obviously self-conscious.
As August stretches into September, Molly begins staying over sometimes. Just once or twice per week, but then somehow that becomes three or four times per week. She doesn’t talk about Mary to her colleagues, and they don’t notice when she reads one of Mary’s filthy texts in the middle of the afternoon.
Sherlock makes a thoughtful sound. “Surprisingly well, given the interruption.” He reaches for his latte and takes a long sip, not meeting John’s eyes. “It must help having you there.”
“It is,” I confirm, leaning into him and putting my hands on his.
Sherlock looks at him for a long time, hardly believing his own good fortune. “You’re rather incredible, you know,” he says, and John shakes his head.
It’s a joke and John knows it, still smiling. “I’ll just – ” he says, hefting the bags, and Sherlock nods. He goes into the kitchen and puts everything away, then comes back into the sitting room. There’s a look of slight incredulity around his eyes as he stands there watching the two of them, and it makes Sherlock’s chest ache oddly to see.
“It’s fine. I’m used to it by now.” He falls silent, musing to himself, then says, “It does make sense, you know. She chose her own out. She knew that I wasn’t in anymore, so she decided to take herself out before I officially ended things. She did it on her own terms, cut ties completely and tried to end things between you and me.”
Sherlock nods. “Take your time,” he says, not wanting John to feel badly about his state. After all, he woke up the same way.
Sherlock sighs, just a little. “I volunteered,” he repeats. “Is it an issue?”
Biggs give him an appraising look. “Which group?” he asks, the suspicion downgraded to mere caution now.
– Sherlock is already so close, he must be gagging for it – and it takes less than a minute before Sherlock’s entire body is convulsing against him, the orgasm juddering out of him in hot pulses that land on John’s belly and chest, his breath gusting onto John’s mouth and chin, his eyes squeezed shut. John catches Sherlock’s forehead with his own and puts his arm around him again, holding him as Sherlock pants, coming down from it.
An actual flash of anger crosses Mary’s face. “Sod him,” she retorts. “Did he really say that? What a wanker!”
John stops leaning on the desk and follows Sherlock out into the corridor. He looks back over his shoulder at Andrea, every inch the image of a broken woman, doubled over and weeping openly now. As he turns back, Sherlock catches his eye.
“I’d like to. Just tell me what you’d like.” John indicates the choices, so Sherlock bends and examines the offerings. They’re mostly exotic green mixes, all very suitable for a spa. He points to one with the words sencha, elderflower, and jasmine in the description.
Sherlock sits up, peering over the bed, his eyes crinkling with amusement. “Suddenly I’m a morning person, am I?” he says,
“Mmm. If you’re quick about it,” Sherlock says lazily, but opens his eyes to smirk at him in turquoise crescents.
Todd walks around, observing. “Good,” he says to Brad and Doug. “Remember, though, it’s not a confrontation. Relax your stance a little, Brad. And your shoulders. Good.” Next he pauses by Justin and Thom. “I think we call that ‘eye-fucking’ where I’m from,” he says lightly. “This isn’t meant to be a seduction technique. Just look at each other. It’s not meant to be a challenge to your partner. Just – look.” He comes to them next and pauses, watching them for a moment or two. “That’s nice,” he says, sounding satisfied. “Very nice. Good openness, Sherlock. John, too. I haven’t seen the two of you look this unguarded so far. Great progress.” He moves on, speaking encouragingly to Andrew and Avi, then raises his voice for everyone. “Okay: let’s add something. Touch your partner’s face. In any way you like. It can be at the same time or you can take turns. As you like.”
