this is so, so much better.” Sherlock reached up to cup his balls, and John nearly blacked out. Sherlock’s other hand wrapped around the base of John’s cock to stroke it as his tongue licked around the head. Sherlock looked up at him, and the intensity of the eye contact as Sherlock flattened his tongue against the underside of his cock almost sent John over the edge.
21st letter of the Greek alphabet
Sherlock sat up, resting his weight on his elbow. “Just being polite. I may still decide not to attend.”
8. Cher’s disgusted expression in Clueless
Sherlock let out a shuddery exhale. “I love you too, John.” He’d said the words only once today, during the impromptu speeches, but somehow, the words were weightier in private.
but Sherlock was too good at this. He’d come too easily if he kept it up, held hostage by Sherlock’s fist. But Sherlock was asking to be fucked, and John was going to make this good for him, dammit. He summoned his best commanding voice from the depths of his lungs.
Does it mean anything to you?
“Morning,” he greeted, and the softness in his voice betrayed several things he hadn’t meant to say:
His tears threatened to spill. “I’ve loved it, too,” he rasped. “So much.”
44. Attack on Titan online abbr.
She wasn’t one to trust in the stars, but the rightness of today could make her believe in fate (well, aside from the arrest and the quick switch of caterer to the pizza place down the street. But not
John laughed, and Sherlock wished he recorded the sound for a ringtone. He seemed to have no idea of the havoc his fingers were wreaking on Sherlock’s thought processes. “We’re idiots.”
“How delicate of you,” Mycroft said, impossibly neutrally. “Ms. Hooper, I’ll send a car for you and Gregory in two hours to bring you to the return flight.”
As if she saw the thought cross Sherlock’s face, Watson ran a frustrated hand through her fine blonde hair, which had gone from perfectly curled back to frizzy during the course of the evening. “But you’re going to miss the last dance.”
“You smell so good, Sherlock. You feel so
Andante, Andante,
Sherlock hums in agreement.
He hadn’t noticed anything in John’s back pocket before- and he
Sherlock 12:10am
Stella planted a kiss on her nose. “I missed you, too. All I want to do is stay in this bed, with you.” She cupped Rosie’s cheek. Rosie leaned into it, pressing her lips to Stella’s fingers. “But I can’t. My mum got here yesterday and I’m supposed to have lunch with her. I’d say you should come, but...she told me she wants some one-on-one time.”
Arsenic? Their hotel room?
“Sorry for your loss,” John comforted with an understanding pat on the knee. Neither of John’s parents were alive, so he did understand, in that sense. But Sherlock hypothesized that the real emotional chord that struck for John was a daughter losing a mother. The guilt of raising Rosie without Mary physically wore on John. Xiaowen gave him a sad smile- she could see it, too.
John slid his fingers out and took off his pants. Sherlock was so hard, it was quite distracting, but he was still thinking enough to ask, “Condom?”
“Sherlock,” John said, his voice embarrassingly high. He looked at the hand in front of him as if it personally affronted him and bypassed it, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s torso in a hug. He still wore the Belstaff despite it being mid-July (though, it was cooler here than London), and the fabric felt so right under John’s fingers, he lightly rubbed the fabric in circles as if to prove that the feeling existed in this dimension. Sherlock immediately tensed, and it occurred to John that Sherlock may not have wanted to be in such close proximity to him. The distant look he had seen in Sherlock’s eyes flashed in his own. But after a few moments, he felt the tension in Sherlock’s muscles ease under his fingers, and the man slowly relaxed into his touch. The feeling of Sherlock’s back muscles relaxing under John’s hands triggered the memory of frantic hands running over Sherlock’s decidedly less-clothed back, John’s lips and tongue kissing and licking the inexplicably long column of Sherlock’s neck. He shivered and held Sherlock closer.
“As much as she could be an instigator, though, she was also a fierce protector. As some of you may know, our dad could be a rather cruel bloke. He constantly ragged on her for her instinct for rebellion, for her hair, her shoes, her hobbies, for being gay.” John closes his eyes, somewhat regretting this off-the-cuff thing. He only continues because he knows Harry would want this.
The walk to Baker Street is tense. John’s keyed up. His body feels like he’s just finished a case, his whole being a molotov cocktail of emotion. He’s volatile, and he knows it. He wants to punch Harry. He wants to hug Clara. He wants to drown himself in whiskey. He wants to kiss Sherlock.
will just be delighted his brother made a friend.”
home. “You’re retiring. London runs in your veins. Watson’s going to be there, when she’s not on tour. It just makes
Xiaowen set the cup in front of him. It looked like any other cup of oolong tea, light golden. Sherlock brought the cup to his lips.
On the sixth, however, John can’t resist. “You’re not as subtle as you think you are, Sherlock. I’m fine, you know.”
Stella’s childhood friend Emil was licensed to marry, and he nodded to the both of them with a warm smile through a thick beard. “Welcome to Stella and Rosie, and to all your friends who have gathered together today. And welcome, especially, to Dr. John Watson and Mrs. Lisa Liu, who represent your families. We are all gathered here together on this gorgeous…”
So, there they were, late into the evening, Sherlock engrossed in a stolen blood sample and John watching him from across the steel table. It was as if twenty years hadn’t passed.
Rosie was tucked in the cozy reading nook in her dad’s house, wrapped in her favorite blanket, sunk so deeply into the worn leather chair that she was beginning to question whether she would be able to stand up to shut the windows when the light rain inevitably shifted into a steady pour. It was a cool late-April day on the Isle of Man, and Rosie basked in the smell of the wet sea air mixing with the familiar scents of her childhood home. It’s what she missed most, living in London- the smells of home. Of leathery sandalwood in the sitting room, of earthy pine in Dad’s shampoo. She had no desire to close the windows.
“Sherlock, you know, this kind of stuff. It’s hard for me.”
He felt a steady hand on his shoulder, snapping him out of his reverie. He must’ve looked an idiot, standing stock still, longingly gazing after the human embodiment of chaos.
“We nearly forgot it this morning, in the homestay. Before we left, I spotted it and put the bag in my pocket and never took it out. As Iris and the security guard approached, I switched the truth-tea with the imitation.”
With one more inhale of the carefully catalogued smells of Mind Palace Angelo’s, and one more glance at Mind Palace John, knowing he’d have to leave this alternate timeline version behind, Sherlock closed his eyes, willing himself to rise back into reality.
“Now put your hand in your pants, and touch your cock for me. Yes, love, exactly like that. Tell me how it feels.”
“It’s good to see you, mate,” the man said, a grey scruffy beard bristling at his words.
, yes, John. ‘S nice.” John chuckled, and grabbed the elastic on the waistband, silently asking Sherlock’s permission. He nodded. “It’s not ‘just you,’ you know,” he said as John pulled Sherlock’s pants down his legs. Once they were off, Sherlock wordlessly reached inside his nightstand and produced a bottle of lube.
64. Auld ____ Syne
He had written a short speech for this moment, but now, in front of a full church of Harry’s eccentric friends and acquaintances, it feels trite and rehearsed. He folds the paper with his prepared words, puts it back in his pocket, and decides to just say what he means in the moment, for once. For Harry.
John had the fridge propped open with his foot, beer in hand, scanning the shelves for food. He grunted in approval upon seeing the plastic-wrapped leftovers of Mrs. Hudson’s Christmas lasagna.
Sherlock poured the milk, making the teacup’s contents look even more like John’s jumpers. “You expect me to leave my flat for tea leaves that may be absolutely mundane? To leave the
He was correct there. The two of them had a rather unsavory track record when it came to open, honest, vulnerable communication.
Their room was small and utilitarian but comfortable. There was an attached bathroom with an Asian-style toilet/shower combination. There was one desk tucked against a corner, where they put their suitcases. The room was a twin, so they each had separate beds. Sherlock told himself he wasn’t disappointed- they had work to do.
“What, did you two think you could slip out early and unnoticed from your own wedding?” She placed her arms across her chest like a disappointed mum at the playground.
“I did NOT!” Jacqueline screamed. “Can’t you all see this man is unhinged?”
He cleared his throat. “Seems like an odd choice of flower, then.”
Sherlock held eye contact, and John was suddenly conscious of his own blinking. “I was invited.”
Best get ahead of it, then.
deduction eyes. John fidgets in his seat, bracing himself for Sherlock to say something uncomfortably personal. “Harry had both you and Clara listed. Hasn’t updated them in years. Interesting, though, that you still came.”
“Stella, I love you.”
“It’s warmer than I expected,” said the taller man as he began taking off his blue raincoat.
Sherlock was still struggling with the lock as the door handle turned. Shit. He ducked underneath the desk, no time to dash to the closet. He was thankful for the wooden back hiding him from view of the door, but if this person needed anything from the desk, he was going to be caught. He started devising an escape plan when the security guard appeared in front of the desk and smiled eerily down at him. Sherlock attempted an escape around the security guard’s bad foot, but this only gave him access to Sherlock’s shoulder, where he plunged a syringe.
Sherlock shivered. “How long?”
His chances to become that version of John Watson once again were dwindling by the second, dripping into uncomfortable silence.
Dad and Sherlock broke apart with smiles wide enough to melt her heart, and the audience burst into raucous applause and happy tears and laughter: a collective crowd basking in the absurdity of a hijacked wedding.
He excitedly asked Xiaowen about the intricacies of the chemistry involved with the process of growing the plant, who was happy to indulge him. They gushed about it like schoolgirls discussing their crushes, with the same amount of obsession.
She leaned her guitar against the vanity and stood to wrap her arms around him.
Xiaowen whisper-shouted his name. “Sherlock! Someone’s coming.”
“I mean it, Sherlock. I’m a right mess.”
He looked to John to assess the underlying meaning there, his tone neutral and unreadable. “Well, yes. Obviously. It’s been twenty years.” John was intense, staring at the empty road ahead of him as if it were a vexing puzzle. Light from the dim street lamps made his eyes look hollow and his lips set and golden-dipped. “John, of course I believe in fate, to an extent. I have to. It brought you to me.”
, for God’s sake.
Rosie had anticipated the question, her golden curls bobbing as she turned her head. “I want to play guitar instead,” she said.
John’s sturdy hands found Sherlock’s hips underneath his coat, pressing him back into the smooth, cold metal of the Vauxhall, guiding him down so their hips aligned, and then- oh,
“Sherlock, I thought you wanted-“ John protested half-heartedly.
Stella May Liu
into the universe. The combination of his name being cried out like
But summer had been nice. Good, even. John, back at Baker Street with a toddler in tow. They even took a few cases together, with John working a locum schedule and Mrs. Hudson’s incomparable kindness in taking Watson for a day, or a few. John and Sherlock were still navigating the novelty of the return to normalcy. At least, as normal as things could be at 221B.
Sherlock stopped him. “No.”
“When I was away, I would let myself think of you only when I had a long period of waiting, or when my circumstances were horribly bleak.” Sherlock swallows, a morbid thought crossing his face. “During a waiting period, once, in Berlin, I went to a club with the sole purpose of finding a man who bore some resemblance to you to shag. Just to see what it would be like, you know, in case I never- in case I didn’t make it home. I found a suitable subject, and we had sex. That’s it.”
His small but comfortable flat in east London was a welcome sight that afternoon. John’s social battery was depleted after the afternoon he’d had. Earl greeted him with her usual kisses, and he took her on a brisk walk around the neighborhood in return.
“Yeah.” She checked the time on her mobile as an excuse to look away. She had a text from Sherlock waiting.
Sherlock leaned closer, his sultry baritone sounding criminal in John’s left ear. “Have any plans for the remainder of the night?” One hand still on his waist, a long finger came around to trace the buttons on John’s coat, inching dangerously close to the waistband of his grey trousers.
Elaine and Yasmin came up behind them, and Dad smiled, offering them hugs, too. And if they looked slightly warmer, less stiff than the one he gave Stella, she didn’t dare mention it. The four of them exchanged pleasantries about the flight and recent updates as Rosie watched. There was something so lovely about watching the four people she loved most in the world chatting mindlessly. Dad hated small talk with a passion, but he kept up appearances, and he looked genuinely interested in how Stella, Yasmin, and Elaine were doing.
“Joking, Sherlock.” She looked around at the odd collection of guests milling about and ordering food, now that the two guests of honor had arrived. “I just can’t believe all
intruders) while Sherlock surveyed the room. He imagined Iris sitting in her desk chair and placed himself in that spot to inhabit her headspace. If the tea was in this room, it would be kept at her desk for immediate access, not hidden within a filing cabinet. She kept personal items (a photo of her corgi- admittedly adorable, a small recreation of the carved olive-stone boat famously on display in the museum, and a Chinese antiquities calendar) on the right side of her desk. The truth tea, if she indeed possessed it, was sentimental. Amy would have told her about it. She clearly had serious intentions with her, and the tea would be attached to the idea of her. So, it was on the right side of the desk. He rifled through a few drawers of the wooden desk until he reached the bottom third drawer, where he found a locked compartment underneath some papers. This was it.
The response came instantly.
The tall actress friend rubbed Watson’s shoulder in a comforting gesture. “He’s right, Rose. It’s been the longest day, like, ever. You need to sleep.”
, John kissing him. John’s lips tasting like a cure for homesickness, for heartache, for the list of age-inflicted ailments as long as the stairs to 221B.
He popped into the bedroom, coming out with a candle, waving it for all of them to see as if it wasn’t an open flame. “Candle for the table.”
Where to walk at the Sumatra Road station?
He must have been silent for moments too long to be deemed socially acceptable, because when he resurfaced, Watson was staring at him worriedly. Half her pitta was eaten. He cleared his throat. “Apologies. I haven’t thought about your father in a long time,” he tried to recover, weakly. “So much to sift through.”
“My god,” he muttered, a realization striking him. He looked up at Sherlock, who was appraising him with those laser eyes of his. “Rosie invited you.”
Their lack of clothing made it easy to do away with the bedding and press skin to skin, hand to lower back, chest to chest, thickening cock to hip. They settled into a sort of rhythm of lips and thrusts. Sex was different in the light of day, sun beaming in through the window in golden streaks, cementing the act in reality, uncloaked by the dreamlike quality of night. And as Sherlock’s fingers pulled at his hair in a silent demand for
“No?” Dad asked, faking offense, then putting on a terrible (
Stella smiled. She genuinely liked Dad. If Dad genuinely liked Stella, that was harder to tell. He was certainly kind to her, but their interactions had never moved beyond pleasantries and surface-level conversation. Dad had walls up like no one she had ever met. She desperately wanted for the two of them to bond, but for obvious reasons, she didn’t want to force a friendship.
“Uh...A bunch of old blokes who like rolling in mud?” Bugger. Definitely picturing it.
But for now, a bath in Sherlock Holmes’ cottage while the detective made him lunch downstairs sounded divine.
much better than oil, don’t you think? ” he purred, and John was weak to the persuasiveness of that
So, he wasn’t dating Man From The Pub. What was he doing, then? One night stands, perhaps? Casual hookups? It certainly didn’t seem like he was lying.
John’s interest sent a hot spark of hope through him. He desperately wanted to talk about the case, but it was imperative for John to sleep for the next few hours. Otherwise, his circadian rhythm would be beyond repair for any real casework.
“Wouldn’t dare.” John leans over on the sofa to kiss Sherlock’s cheek, and he softens. “Glad we got that bit in there about the donations. Makes it worth it, in my eyes.”
With John’s gloomy mood lightened slightly (due largely in part to the already half-drunk beer), he sat down in his chair and tucked into the lasagna. Sherlock just watched him eat, observing. He liked to watch John eat; it was a window into his reptilian brain. Intimate, even.
Once again, he’d let sentiment for John stunt his logic.
“I’ve offered you a deal. Will you take it, or not?”
“煩白眼 (Fan bai yan),” she muttered under her breath as she resisted the urge to actually roll her eyes. After a few years of working with M, she wasn’t fazed by their methods, but that didn’t mean she wasn’t annoyed by them. She begrudgingly deleted M’s texts, but now her interest in this Sherlock character was piqued.
An influx of interesting deductions came to him: early 30’s (likely 32), pharmacist (and good at it), studied at university in America, currently staying with parents but splits time between the countryside and Taipei, lesbian, questions authority, recently fell hard onto her right side.
Silence.
The audience was watching excitedly, now. This was far more interesting and far less expected than anything they came here to see.
She nodded. “That was a long time ago, now. It’s been two years since they broke up. Amy and I have been together for a year and a half.”
“Very nice,” Dad observed, absently running his hand along the wooden desk. “Much nicer than the army barracks, that’s for sure.”
I liked your speech.
His confusion was cleared up only a moment later, when an irritatingly distinct voice dripped from behind them. “Congratulations, brother dear.” Ah. That.
The kitchen devolved into a fit of laughter, partially embarrassed, partially charmed, partially basking in each other’s company. They laughed until they were too hungry not to eat, then ate until they were well and full, then talked and drank wine into the late hours of the night.
“A murderer?” Stella asked, her eyes wide.
John relaxed with Sherlock all to himself again. He clutched his hands to his knees so he wouldn’t do anything stupid (touch Sherlock’s hands touch his lips touch his
as Sherlock responded to John’s in kind.
John wanted to clear the air entirely. “I settled for George because I thought you were gone. He was a cheap replacement. But it’s you, Sherlock. It’s always been you. I love
57. Test needed to travel, these days
Mycroft, have you finally started making use of my supply of confiscated substances? Even you must know this is a ridiculous request.”
“Jesus, Sherlock.”
Sherlock bristled. “Of course,” he said, turning to walk toward the elevator.
Clara shifts in her seat. She clears her throat. “That’s actually...kind of what I came here to talk to you about.”
“So, John.” Sherlock lowered his voice and glanced around the room, as if scanning for paparazzi or spies or the like. John’s pulse quickened. “What do you know about Stella’s background?” Right. The case. That’s why he agreed to this meeting. He wanted to help. Quite badly, in fact.
Upon entering, they put their carry-on bags in a locker and weaved through the dark hallways filled with intricate jade carvings (the most famous of which was a jade cabbage, which Sherlock found to be an extraordinary symbol for a country), textiles, and gems, following the signs to the Imperial Porcelain exhibition opening. When they arrived, the three of them stood, speechless, at the entrance.
The greens of the Alishan forest were rich and complex, but the towering trees smothered in fog were dark and foreboding. The color reminded her of the dried, shriveled tea leaves weighing heavy in her backpack. The complicated leaves that brought her to M, to Alishan, to this train. She rubbed the small, smooth circle of jade on her necklace between her thumb and forefinger and hoped her mom would have understood. She took solace in the knowledge that the only thing that stood between her and the life she desperately wanted was a quick, painless exchange of tea at the top of Ali Mountain.
good, Sherlock, so, so, yeah, like that, just like that…”
“It seems so.” Sherlock clapped his hands together and announced, “You can all stop doing that eye dance. You can leave now. Wedding’s off.”
“I thought, maybe, you’d like to live here,” John finally voiced, soft but sincere.
“I, uh. No problem.” He’d rather not revisit the events of yesterday.
43. Achilles’ _____
His eyes widened. “No need to be so primal about it, John. Your jealousy is showing.” Oh
“Watson?” a doctor calls out to the waiting room, holding a clipboard. John, Clara, and Sherlock perk up. John stiffens, having momentarily forgotten the rather morbid reason why the three of them are gathered in the A&E lobby.
As Xiaowen, John, and Sherlock got out of the car, Xiaowen’s father came out to greet them.
Connor raised an eyebrow at Sherlock’s interest, darting his tongue over his bottom lip. “Be my guest,” he said with an Irish lilt.
“Yesterday, this woman,” Sherlock pointed to a squeamish Jacqueline, “attempted to murder this woman,” he gestured to Stella, “unsuccessfully.”
“Ooh, you’re a bad man,”  he shivered, running his nose down Sherlock’s neck, letting out a soft gasp. He had been thinking of nothing but Sherlock’s mouth for the last hour, and the git probably knew it.
After the first few frantic minutes of kissing, their mouths and tongues and breath slowed, eventually settling into soft caresses. “I missed you,” Rosie whispered.
anything.” Saying the word
That made her stop in her tracks. Dad never brought up her mom unwarranted, ever.
41. Grp. whose motto is “Semper Fidelis”
Without much to offer in terms of a social life, the conversation between the doctors turned quickly to work, the surgery, the classes Stamford was teaching. John was particularly interested in the newest course offering at Bart’s, Artificial Intelligence in Medicine and Imaging. “
“How’s the wedding trip preparation going?” Mycroft sneered, inspecting a speck of dust on his left shoe as if it were an international crime syndicate.
by scullyseviltwin, a firefighter AU
John sighed. He had a gut feeling he had to use the
“Sher- Sherlock, wait-”
“No,” Sherlock agreed, softly. “No, you’re not. Can’t you see? You
There’s a pit in his stomach as he remembers the events of yesterday afternoon (or a few hours ago? He can’t tell). This is all his fault. God, he’s an idiot. How the hell did he decide his sister’s eulogy was the time to confess his feelings in a public diary entry? And Sherlock had been angry about it, surely. Hadn’t he? John didn’t actually expect anything to come from it- certainly not physical confirmation that Sherlock wanted him, too. Certainly not hurried handjobs in 221B resulting in a spectacular release. How had things escalated so quickly?
“Humility doesn’t suit you, Mycroft.” There was something he wasn’t saying. “Out with it.”
John.
entirely took over his reptilian brain.
17. Build-your-own furniture store
“Shh, love,” John soothed. “It’s half ten. Rosie’s asleep.”
oh yes
Sherlock waved away the remark. “No, no. The previous sentence. Exactly as you said it.”
him in every sense of the word.
Clara stands and smoothes her dress, the one she’s been wearing for far too long. “Well, that’s my cue to leave. John, if you change your mind about the flat-”
John answered quickly. “Tea.”
Rosie froze. She had never been so directly approached like this by someone who actually caught her attention. She eyed the woman in front of her suspiciously- she doubted there was a real bet. But Stella was quite possibly the hottest person she had ever seen. Rosie was single, and very interested, but her music career was just starting to take off. “What if I told you I’m basically married to my job?”
John swallowed heavily, and Sherlock echoed the motion. He hung on every blink and twitch of John’s brow.
An old school friend was working the desk, and he gladly printed out the label for the envelope:
“Wednesday, John.”
, you’ve been practicing like mad- no one in the entire audience will ever know. Only you know the music, Rosie,” he said. He could still hear sniffles. “I’m so proud of you, no matter what happens on that stage.”
He was still reeling in the sheer disbelief of John’s rejection. Sherlock’s greatest utility was his ability to read people and make deductions, and this was ultimate proof that sentiment defied logic. He swore the signs had been there. On the plane here, at Xiaowen’s family home, on Christmas night, at John’s stag-do, in furtive glances, in gentle touches. Even now, on this elevator, Sherlock felt John’s eyes on him in a way that was decidedly not platonic.
Rosie recalled the intimate account of the man she had read in her own dad’s journal that morning. “Yeah, I suppose I do.”
“Hey, there’s nothing to be jealous of. I didn’t even know you existed yet,” John said, seemingly finding Sherlock’s display amusing. “It was nothing like what you and I have. Me and James used each other to survive. But you, Sherlock. You make surviving feel like living.” John’s voice caught. “You make my life worth living. You have since the day I met you.”
But after a moment, Sherlock heard footsteps, and John padded out of the bedroom (
40. Like 221B when Holmes stops playing violin
Suffix for fashion
Now, John was wrapped around him in the lobby having a mindless conversation with his daughter when he could be doing much more than just admiring his husband’s sweet arse. John’s fingers on his stomach only served to remind him of where else those fingers could be sliding over skin, and Sherlock was getting impatient.
-ABBA, Our Last Summer
. “I’m not a bloody client!”
Well. Not his conscious mind.
Sherlock plopped down on the sofa, resuming the position he had been in before Mycroft’s unannounced intrusion. As much as Sherlock hated to acknowledge it, age was affecting him, too. His body wasn’t just transport, anymore. It had creakier joints and wounds and greying hair and needs. And wants.
It was simple- chaste, even, if he disregarded every impulse in him to devour John. Sherlock pulled away slightly, still resting his nose against John’s. “It doesn’t have to be so hard, John.”
58. “_____ in Edward,” expression to spell “Euros” over the phone, say
“Oh.” There was realization in that syllable.
“Nice to meet you, Mr. Holmes.” That was Stella, without a doubt, and it was unlikely he was dreaming her up. Unless there was a different Sherlock Holmes, somehow, he was here.
“Wait here,” Sherlock whispers so as not to wake her. John slumps against the front door as Sherlock takes Rosie inside to put her down. He watches people walk by. There’s a couple, hand-in-hand, a businesslike man holding a briefcase, a mother with a young teen who’s texting. John’s jealous of them. They probably don’t have dead sisters, dead ex-wives, and best friends who can’t- won’t- don’t love them back, not in the way they need.
“So are you,” she beamed. It took every bit of restraint she had not to kiss Stella right then.
John sucked in a breath and failed at holding back a sob. He was still in his undershirt and pants from last night, and he felt like an utter mess as he collapsed onto his pillow, curled up around his mobile, and sobbed because Sherlock missed him, too.
It was nearly 3am when he woke up again, pen in hand, and scribbled notes all along the margins of the crossword. A stack of old puzzles had collapsed onto the floor, and Earl was sleeping on top of them. He gave her a pat, and she sleepily rolled onto her back in an open invitation to pet her stomach.
Sherlock swallowed, and slid her Monday pills towards her across the table.
“You’re lucky I came,” Sherlock countered, lifting his eyes briefly to meet John’s. They were challenging, but there was something else there. Levity, perhaps? If John didn’t know better, he’d think Sherlock was flirting. But he’d made it abundantly (hurtfully) clear in that fleeting, dreamlike interaction ten years ago that he wanted nothing to do with any sort of romantic entanglement with John.
38. Like most cases Holmes takes on (and this puzzle, I hope)
He made the short drive from home back to the Crown Hotel, and decidedly did not scan the lobby for signs of a tall detective as he made his way to Rosie’s bridal suite. Lestrade was nowhere to be seen, either, and it was nearly time to walk down the aisle.
“And then?” Sherlock chanced. Sherlock was going to riot if this was going to be a one-sided affair.
“‘Dramatic,’ ‘ridiculous,’” John laughed, making his voice mockingly posh. “That’s rich, coming from the man who dressed up as a French waiter to announce his return to the land of the living after two years. During my proposal, no less.”
Back at the grand opening of the Imperial Porcelain exhibit, John, Xiaowen, and Sherlock stared at an intricate floral porcelain teapot. Sherlock had done a shoddy job of patching up the cut on his forehead with a first aid kit in the bathroom, and he caught a glimpse of his disheveled reflection in the glass case.
“Careful, Molly, you’ll suffocate my husband,” said Sherlock, gently pulling away and reclaiming John’s arm in his. “Not still holding onto old jealousies, are we?”
John threw his mobile on the bed in favor of getting ready. He washed his face twice before realizing Sherlock would know everything that had happened in the last day- hell, probably the last five years- regardless of how clean he looked. He had absolutely no idea where he was going, so he threw on a button-down, packed a bag with Earl’s food, some toys, collar, and leash, some extra clothes for himself and an umbrella and hoped for the best.
Sherlock stared at the place where their fingers touched, the corners of his mouth moving upward. His other hand came to John’s wrist, two fingers stretching over his radial artery. John could hear his own racing thrum banging onto the pads of Sherlock’s fingers. He was taking his pulse.
Declare to be true, or a word Sherlock “got from a book”
Sherlock backed off. John didn’t move, his limp body slack against the tabletop.
He felt his orgasm building in his midsection, spreading to other parts of his body rapidly. He tried to warn John with an unintelligible grunt, but John only took him in further as the wave crested over him and spilled from his cock into John’s mouth.
from Stella: “I’m not entirely sure how the events of the last 24 hours transpired, but I’m glad to be here. Congratulations to the happy couple. Thank you for saving my life.”
Elaine was right behind in a flowy dress of the same green hue. “Just wait until you see her, Dr. Watson! She’s gorgeous,” she squealed, and Rosie’s two bridesmaids hurried out of the door to give him a private moment with his daughter.
“This is going to sound crazy, but what if...what if we don’t get married yet?”
Voices were crowding his head, and he tried his best to clear them away, but he was drowning.
John smiled, a soft, gentle thing, and led them to his Vauxhall.
Barely a minute passed.
There’s another vibration.
“Oh,” John chuckled. “I’m very aware.”
“Sherlock, relax,” John said gently, moving the fingers currently in his hair in a circular motion as if to pet him.
There was one risky request still on his mind, and he couldn’t wait until morning to voice it. “Come back to Baker Street,” Sherlock spoke into the still air of John’s bedroom, lit only by the moon, now (John must have shut off the desk lamp during Sherlock’s post-orgasmic blackout). The stillness settled around them, nearly teetering into awkwardness before John acknowledged the words.
The steady tandem rhythm they had fallen into slipped as Sherlock thrusted violently into John’s fist. He must have looked completely strung out in John’s eyes, hair wild, mouth agape, making noises of which he previously didn’t know he was capable.
Of course, she hadn’t actually expected him to say yes.
An article on the Daily Mail website is released an hour later. It reads:
The intensity of the day was getting to him. John had been only a step away from hearing Sherlock’s voice just hours earlier. His voice, those rich tones, the pretentious vocabulary, had always
Sherlock did not dare respond, not wanting to encourage this train of thought. He put the note down, revealing the invitation. He glanced over the ornate script and focused on the photograph.
John sniffed. “Yeah. It is.”
“Services start on Friday,” Sherlock offers plainly, not looking away from the laptop screen. “Wake on Friday, funeral service Saturday.”
John arrived at 221B, Rosie in tow, at 5:46pm, just as Sherlock had predicted. What he hadn’t predicted, however, was John’s sour mood. He greeted Sherlock with a grunt, set Rosie in the makeshift playpen Sherlock kept to the right of the door for her visits, and headed straight for the kitchen to make tea. A mixed slush of snow, rain, and ice was drizzling from the grey afternoon skies, and a decent amount of it had clung onto John’s head.
Slipping through my fingers all the time."
John hoped it meant.
Mycroft made a sound that might have been a chuckle. It sounded like a hissing weasel. “Yes, you are,” said the weasel.
. Sherlock. He’s in Sherlock’s bed, half-nude, wrapped around his lean, warm body. Yesterday afternoon and last night are hazy in his memory. The only proof John has that he hadn’t dreamt it all is the sleepy detective in his arms.
“Mm, John,” Sherlock encouraged, throwing his arms over his head and spreading his thighs invitingly. This man was a painting, spread out underneath him with curls splayed on the pillow and porcelain skin gleaming like a well-loved tea set against the crumpled sheets. After all these years, he could finally have this: Sherlock, no longer a background mural in his memory, but the featured piece in a permanent exhibit.
“Stop it.” Sherlock was looking down, his expression pained.
John was struck. His face turned beet red. “Oh, right. Yeah. Okay.”
“Why is the British government after tea leaves? Don’t we have enough of those already?” he quipped, scowling at the steeping tea for triggering his Missing John brain.
Iris nodded knowingly (as if she knew
Mrs. Liu wasn’t thrilled when Stella came out to her in university, but hadn’t thought much would come of it. A phase, perhaps. But now, Stella was marrying Rosie, putting her queerness on display (made especially public because of Rosie’s recent rise to fame), and her mum was wary.
Sherlock’s spindly fingers wrapped around the delicate petals, but instead of putting it in John’s coat, he brushed aside the grey hair by John’s ear sweetly, and pinned it there.
She had seen John very obviously chatting up another man.
pushed into him. After a few tortuous moments of Sherlock adjusting to the feeling of John’s length inside him, he nodded, and John started to move, relishing in the slick, wet slide of their bodies, moving together.
21. Medieval address to a king
“No. I want to see it.” Sherlock hesitates, but he moves his arms to his sides. John stops stroking himself and sits up. “No one’s ever going to do that to you again, Sherlock. I won’t let them.”
“Oi, Harry! Stop admiring my husband’s arse!” John’s shout echoed across the reception hall.
Sherlock took the bag of loose leaf tea from her. “Thank you, Xiaowen. For this, and for your contribution to biochemistry. If your girlfriend
Some flats
, John. In any way that you’ll have me.”
things like that and expect Sherlock not to melt. He turned to the window, back to the stars. “It’s going to take me a few days to figure out what exactly happened today and how.”
yes, please. Please, Sherlock.” The sound of John’s voice thick with arousal was sending Sherlock into a sort of frenzy. The sudden drive to record the smells and tastes of John’s cock was overwhelming, damn the preordained order of things.
John took another sip of his scotch as the pilot’s tinny cruising height announcement played over the speakers, and Sherlock felt a pivotal shift between them. Perhaps it was John’s surrender to circumstance, or the scotch, or the fact that it was just the two of them traveling alone on a case for the first time in months, but the air between them was comfortable. It lacked the stiffness that had often bordered on coldness in the last year. Christmas night came to mind, and his cheeks heated.
“How’s the shoulder?” Sherlock asked, trying to distract himself.
Sherlock, the bastard, rolled his eyes. “John, if you think I’ve spent the last ten years doing anything but thinking about how to get you undressed and indecent again, you are grossly mistaken. If you don’t, as you so romantically put it, ‘shag my bloody brains out’ before the sun rises, I may have no choice but to file an annulment.”
John pushed him into the edge of the kitchen table with enough force to knock over the half-drunk teacup that had been sitting there for the last five days. The separated, milky brown liquid spilled onto Sherlock’s black shirt, only adding to the mosaic of questionable substances there. He leaned his torso over the table, hoping John would quickly say whatever he needed to say from behind him, with his vice-like grip on Sherlock’s shirt.
He hadn’t thought he would ever feel those taut muscles under his hands again.
“Fuck, Sherlock.” He was now steadily rolling his hips against Sherlock’s, appreciating the friction on his crotch. He imagined those lips around his cock and grabbed on tufts of Sherlock’s greying hair to keep himself steady.
Sherlock stops (
After stumbling to the cupboard, John realized he was out of his regular brew. All that was left was the instant brand he only kept on hand in case of emergency. He pinched the bridge of his nose, leaned against the cupboard, and took a deep breath. Instant it was, then. Resigned, he started the kettle and pulled out a mug. As he scooped out a bit of the chalky stuff, his eyes kept coming back to the label. An image of a knight chess piece plastered the front of the container. John thought of the code- D5, A2... like squares on a chess board. Like squares in a crossword puzzle.
“I just need a
John chuckles, and Sherlock’s head bobs up and down with the movement of his chest. “Whatever you want, love.”
John beamed. He couldn’t help it.
Elaine wore a devilish smirk, always a step ahead. “You invited him, didn’t you?”
“Stop,” John heaved. Sherlock moved away and his hands instantly shifted back to John’s hips. He looked disappointed. John desperately wanted this, but he wanted to savor it. He was getting older, and he didn’t have the stamina he once had. He wasn’t sure about Sherlock, but if John came now, he would be out of commission.
The cloud of unanswered questions was palpable between them, but John had a singular focus: Sherlock’s intentions for this visit.
“I’m not. Dating anyone, I mean. It’s just me and my dog at home.”
John wiped his hands together, pleased with the final product. He studied Sherlock for a moment, sweeping up his body from his feet to his face, their eyes meeting there. John’s lids were heavy, his gaze intense. “It should be illegal,” he said, his voice low and measured, and Sherlock cocked his head, “to look the way you do right now, laid out on the sofa like that.”
“I know what I see in your future,” Sherlock mocked him, recalling the abhorrent line John had used on the poor woman. She had refused of course (any sane person would, with that line).
“Look at her! She’s obsessed with you.”
“Yeah?” Sherlock studied John’s face at the question, and a glimmer of understanding crossed his own. He leaned into John's ear.
No one ever could reach me
“Hey,” John’s other hand pulled Sherlock’s cheek to face him, and he looked fragile, vulnerable. “I know that I don’t want to be apart from you ever again. I mean, I
Against all odds, in the drooping sun of golden hour at the Douglas Promenade Gardens, John Watson was kneeling down on one knee, threading their fingers together, and declaring, “I choose you.”
Jacqueline stood over them in shock, holding the first aid kit rather unhelpfully. “Go get the AED kit. I’m going to deliver a shock,” he commanded, barely giving her a glance, mostly to get her out of the room. Sweat dripped down his forehead as he pressed into the woman’s chest to the hypnotic beat of Stayin’ Alive. But he was beginning to doubt that the woman- Diana, was it?- would be revived. Regardless, he continued his efforts, then with the AED until EMS arrived ten minutes later and took over.
Jacqueline was hysterical, pacing in front of him, and he selfishly wished she would go inside. He didn’t like to be around people who couldn’t cope with death (bad memories and the like). That was probably a bit Not Good. Nonetheless, it was true.
“Emergency contact,” Sherlock answers. He’s eyeing Clara up and down, not even bothering to hide his
“What are you doing now?” John asked with a hint of nervousness.
” Sherlock groaned, ignoring John. Twenty years ago, John might’ve stood up out of his chair and wrestled Sherlock to the ground for the dig, but time had lessened the wound of the bad times with Sherlock, and his failed marriage with Mary. Time and Rosie. And age-- he’d probably embarrass himself in a physical fight with Sherlock, these days. Age hadn’t been as unkind to Sherlock as it had to John, who felt withered and numbed by the passage of time. Sherlock’s age showed in lines and greying hairs and weaker knees, but he still possessed a vitality, an aliveness about him John ached for.
“We won’t disturb your friends here,” he said, sitting on the edge of the countertop. Against the marble, he could’ve been a statue of an ancient philosopher or a model for hair product.
Rosie comes back to John’s flat for the next couple of days, and having to take care of another human being is a nice distraction from the constant thread of bad thoughts running through his head and the constant itching for a drink. He’s nauseous and moody and a downright nightmare to deal with, but Sherlock insists on staying. John can’t blame him- he doesn’t totally trust himself to “keep off the sweeties,” as he himself had said to Sherlock a few months earlier.
John so wanted to see Sherlock give into pleasure. “Come for me, Sherlock,” John pleaded, and with that, Sherlock did.
“Did you find this in the attic?” John’s eyes were shining as he looked up to his daughter. His brilliant, talented, intuitive, lovely daughter.
John smiles. He’s been practicing colors with her.
“I’m happy for you, Sherlock. You deserve one hell of a break.” In lieu of responding, Sherlock took a large bite of bread.
All John finds in the pantry are some nuts, but he’s ravenous, and it’s good enough for him. He settles himself in his chair, popping cashew after cashew into his mouth. The stairs creak quietly as Sherlock makes his way down, and John suddenly feels exposed and chilly in only Sherlock’s boxer shorts. But within seconds, Sherlock comes up behind him and wordlessly runs his fingers through John’s hair, scratching lightly at his scalp, and he forgets about his exposed chest and legs. John lets him, succumbing to the comfort of the touch, to the
A familiar woman with shiny, cropped black hair wearing a tasteful coat spotted them from across the lobby and rushed over. She was rattled.
After a delicious spread of fried tofu, fish, and spicy vegetables for lunch (Sherlock had only nibbled, but John had devoured despite being quite embarrassingly bad with the chopsticks), Xiaowen brought out the tea. As Xiaowen’s father did the washing up, the tea steeped in two steaming mugs of hot water in Xiaowen’s hands.
It should have been simple. All this time, all Sherlock needed to do was ask. He had wasted countless hours, days, years of his life collecting, cataloguing, analyzing, and interpreting data on the John Watson Question.
They had their dinner with more wine, and more kissing, and afterwards, they took Earl on an evening walk.
34. Cheers for Taehyung at a BTS concert, perhaps
Sherlock takes her out of John’s arms and soothes her. “Hello, Watson. It’s alright, you and Daddy are home now.”
The view out their window was a blinding display of New Year’s fireworks shooting off of the Taipei 101 building. The building was consumed by them, and the exhibition looked like it violated about a hundred safety codes.
from Aunt Harry: “About time, Johnny!”
He leaned in and bumped her on the shoulder. “What are you going to do about that?” he whispered, tilting his nose in Amy’s direction.
“She wasn’t in her office when I got there, but I could tell there had been some sort of altercation there.”
“There was
they touched each other with nothing between them. It was better than any high, better than a locked-room murder. The need for
John’s back was turned from the closet to keep the gun on the guard, but at Sherlock’s emergence, John risked a glance. The security guard saw his chance and bolted for the door, but John shot the wall next to it in warning, just close enough to the guard to scare him.
Logically, it followed that Sherlock needed to make him leave as soon as possible, before he became too deluded with the fantasy of John moving back to 221B. Even if John, in this post-coital bubble of affectionate hormones and grief-driven emotional release, thought that this fantasy was what he wanted, it was a false beacon. John didn’t want this. He would say he wanted this, wanted a life with Sherlock, and he would still, ultimately, leave. That, Sherlock knew, would break him far beyond repair. This instantaneous dismissal was like putting a plaster on an arterial wound, but wait any longer, and the entire limb would need to be amputated.
John nearly spat out his scotch.
“Yes!” Sherlock shouted excitedly into the microscope. It jolted John from his depressing reverie, reminding him that it had never been good timing to press Sherlock about emotional matters during a case. Or ever.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione, e.g.
“Obviously. The toxicology report showed abnormalities, and I needed to run an ASB test to confirm my theory.” He was already up and out of his seat, throwing on his Belstaff and walking out the doors. John jogged to follow.
could go perfectly).
, it felt very real, indeed.
Sherlock turned to the page for John, curiosity buzzing off of him. Sure enough, there was John’s hurried, messy scrawl declaring his love for Sherlock so painfully, John had to lift his eyes to the ceiling to stop tears from falling.
“New information, John,” he answered, as if that explained everything. And because it was Sherlock, somehow, it did.
At an unassuming table with informational pamphlets and a banner for the new exhibit, tea was being served in single-use hot water cups designed to imitate a Tang Dynasty porcelain teacup. A small placard next to the stack of cups read in both Chinese and English,
John’s got to take his clothes off. He sits back on Sherlock’s hips, unbuttoning his top as he rocks his own hips down. Sherlock rubs circles on John’s trouser legs, then reaches for his belt buckle, undoing it casually. His hand comes down to palm John’s erection over his jeans. At the touch, John climbs off the side of the bed, discards his shirt, his shoes, his jeans, and his pants.
11. Musicians need a good one
), but Sherlock loved when he used them like this, when they were just being together.
“Shove off, Mycroft. I need to pack,” he said. “Watson could be in danger.”
Shape of Sherlock’s mouth after a particularly riveting deduction
“Don’t we all?” she countered. She wasn’t about to go airing Stella’s dirty laundry without any topical direction. She took a sip of the latte. It was her exact order: vanilla latte with an extra espresso shot, dusted with cinnamon. This man was
Sherlock takes his hand away and ties his dressing gown tighter around his waist. He bites his lip thoughtfully, and comes to lean against the armrest on John’s chair. John desperately wants to wrap his arm around those narrow hips, down his thighs, feel the silky material there, but...not yet. They need to talk, first.
John looked up with the question written all over his face and body:
People hesitantly started getting up from their chairs, collecting themselves. The uninvited crowd started to disperse.
John tore open the shiny blue wrapping, revealing a distantly comforting, leather-bound journal.
Xiaowen swallowed. “Right.”
Elaine gasped. “
“I really do, Sherlock. I love you.” He’s surprised at the ease at which the words come. Possibly Rosie’s having a good influence on him. “I’m so sorry it took me having a public platform at my sister’s funeral to finally say it, but I’ve known for months. Years, really, if I’m being honest.” He hopes Sherlock can read every detail in his face, because he means it, with every fiber of his being.
He nodded.
“Happy to be going home,” John said, and Sherlock briefly wondered what John pictured “home” to be. They had not discussed living arrangements, and there was Rosie to think about.
John swallowed, eyes fixed on an unidentified point on the ceiling.
Was he
Stella tilted her head. “That’s not the Dr. Watson I know.”
John took the bait. He couldn’t resist a drink offer, and Sherlock knew it. He felt a twinge of guilt hearing the pop of the bottle cap, but Sherlock needed him to be agreeable.
It sobers him. “God, yeah.” John doesn’t quite know what to say. He hasn’t seen this woman in years. He thought Clara had been cut completely out of the picture long ago. This casual version of the high-strung woman he used to know is practically a stranger. “Not that I’m not happy to see you, but...why are you here?”
Cheers erupted from the crowd, from Rosie’s friends and family and uninvited tourists alike, and John suddenly remembered other people had been watching. There was a flash of nervousness in Sherlock’s eyes, so he kissed Sherlock again, a reassuring thing that said
Starts with doctored footage
It’s rough, and messy, and heated. It’s wet tongues, teeth pulling at lips, frantic hands in hair, and desperate moans. John needs this release, fast and hard. Sherlock must know what John needs- he always knows. And he always gives. And maybe he’ll only do this for him once, under these strange circumstances, so John has to make it count.
She felt Dad tense beside her. “I’m gonna kill him,” he muttered, absolutely fuming. Rosie grabbed his hand, hoping to reassure him.
Rosie had smiled, and Dad mirrored it. It was the most they had ever talked about Rosie’s identity as a queer woman. Now, she was twenty-four, engaged to be married to Stella, the woman she loved most in the world. And Dad was stacking their wedding invitations on his desk. So. It
What one who’s never wrong never does
“Good,” John smirked, pulling something out of his back pocket. “I have something for you.”
”. He smiles at the truth of it, now.
That’s when he locked eyes with Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock yesterday
After another few rounds of drinks and pudding, there was talk at the table of moving to the next venue for the hen party. Rosie excused herself from the raucous wedding party table and wandered over to her dad. She’d been socializing with different guests all night, she hadn’t had a chance to talk to him. He’d cleaned up well for the dinner, and he’d shaved the prickly beginnings of a beard. She couldn’t decide if it was that or the goofy grin on his face that made him look a few years younger than he had that morning.
John gestured for Sherlock to sit next to him on the bed. He let go of John hesitantly, but he knew John would want to do this in his own way, so he sank into the duvet next to John. “I didn’t know you were awake,” John said, “when I said it. I thought you would still be out. Xiaowen said-”
, at this hospital, but here, on the Isle of Man. The day before my daughter’s wedding.” He dropped his head, a memory resurfacing of the last time Sherlock had spoken to him, his voice cold and nearly unrecognizable. John’s voice came out scratchier than he meant it to. “I thought you never wanted to see me again.”
53. Train org. in Detroit or D.C.
The comforting weight of Stella’s body sunk into Rosie’s own, and they were kissing immediately. It was needy and desperate after two weeks without the other’s touch, and Stella’s lips on her neck felt like the first gulp of cold water after a hot day at the beach.
Ah, Mycroft. John certainly hadn’t missed
Emil understood none of that.
, I’m-”
Xiaowen had been breathing the humid city air of Taipei for the last month, so when she took her first breath of cool, crisp air at the base of Alishan, it felt like a small, invisible humidifier had been plucked from her nose. She watched as a classic red train whistled past a packed line of tourists with tickets to ride to the top. The trains at Alishan were iconic remnants of the Japanese occupation of Taiwan, and it was as if she had stepped back into an era often forgotten in the swift pace of her life in the city.
, of ALL people! Could be such an idiot about this.”
25. Eye, to Dr. Watson
The idea both terrifies and excites him.
He imagined it exactly as Sherlock would text: Hello, John. SH.
It worked. Sherlock closed his eyes and moved his lips to John’s ear. “Five letters: Please.”
He glances at his own drink mocking him only a few steps away. “Can you take Rosie for me?”
Walks along the Seine
And it hit her: a sharp wave of nausea. Xiaowen knew she was about to pass out, and in her addled state, she managed to be ready in a seat when her consciousness began to fade.
Molly was absolutely perplexed, as she often used to be when it came to all things John Watson. She racked her brain for topics that wouldn’t make the conversation awkward or tense. Anything Sherlock-related was off the table.
They arrived at the airport in Taoyuan, a city near Taipei early in the morning, and took the High Speed Rail to the city of Chiayi in southern Taiwan- the largest city near Alishan. It was just before noon by the time they disembarked at Chiayi Station to a sunny and pleasantly warm late December day. Christmas decorations of Taiwan bears wearing Christmas light necklaces plastered the HSR station. John shed his jacket as he shot Sherlock a confused glance.
Her voice softens. “Are you also aware that her blood alcohol content was alarmingly high?”
She was breathing heavily when she spotted him. “Dr. Watson! Thank god,” said Jacqueline, clutching her chest. “We need a doctor in the supply closet, right now. Diana, a staff member, collapsed. She’s not responding.”
Stella and Rosie’s friends had separated the two of them, taking Stella god-knows-where and Rosie to a local gay bar. Quite a few more drinks in, Rosie found herself at the center of the dance floor, belting to one of her own singles blasting from the DJ table (undoubtedly requested by one of her friends).
He stopped. Today was an utter nightmare. Everything was a reminder of the man who left him. He set the crossword aside and stood up, swinging his arms back and forth in an attempt to loosen his body, shake away unsavory memories. Earl barked in offense at being disrupted from her kip. John pet her as reconciliation, but he was too keyed up now to sit back and fill in the crossword. Something was wrong. John Watson had spent years writing true crime; he didn’t believe in coincidences anymore. This had to be a message.
Clara 7:52pm
“Sometimes it was you shagging me,” John admitted.
“This morning, John reminded me of the first case we solved together after my return to London: that of Lord Moran’s bomb under parliament. Many of you will remember that Moran had planned an attack on London on Guy Fawkes Day years ago. An unsuccessful one, thanks to John, myself, and one other key person.”
“Mycroft stopped by this morning.”
“My org-- Sherlock, please. Don’t be like that,” John pleaded, and his panicked expression nicked away at a part of Sherlock’s wall.
“Morning, John.” A barely perceptible crease formed between his brows, like it did when Sherlock didn’t entirely understand some unspoken rule of a social interaction.
The kind smile on Xiaowen’s father’s face confirmed it. The man’s demeanor reminded him of his own father. He should probably call his parents, come to think of- no. He was on a case. Tea leaves. Heist. Grumpy John. Focus.
“Is it?” Sherlock raises an eyebrow.
He left out the part where he and John spent the evening after they’d solved the case walking down a cobblestone street by the Seine, stopping into the occasional cafe or restaurant, sampling what felt like all of Paris late into the night. Sherlock listed the reasons why London was infinitely better than Paris, and John smiled at him like he had hung the moon. Their fingers lingered close to the other’s, brushing almost carelessly (but they were far from careless).
“Oh my
“Xiaowen told me to grab the syringe from your arm, and she figured the Ketamine would also be stored in the closet. It wasn’t. I already heard footsteps outside when I decided I had to get out of there. I gave her the syringe and some bleach and she told me to stall.”
John lazily kissed his way down Sherlock’s body, licking his way over Sherlock’s nipples, his belly button, his pelvic bone, and once his pants were discarded, his inner thigh. John’s mouth was like a masseuse, finding every spot hiding a glint of nervousness and anxiety on Sherlock’s body and undoing it with his touch.
Stella was shockingly resilient, it turned out.
“I suppose you haven’t lost your charm with women, then,” Sherlock observed, eyeing a couple playing footsie two tables over. The ‘women’ part of the sentence came out as a sort of whistle.
“Well, alright, but...you’re so effortless about it. A natural. I feel like I’m constantly looking at her, having to tell myself I have to be in ‘Dad mode’. You can just be
Sherlock’s voice pulled John’s focus away from the patterns on the wooden beams on the ceiling. He turned to look at his husband, and was struck by the raw emotion in his face.
“I read he was the best man at the wedding. Lots of rumors about you two. I have to ask, were you ever together?”
and Sherlock kissed back like a man who’d won. “I hate to admit that you’re convincing me,” John said when he pulled back.
Sherlock let out an exasperated puff. “I’m working with limited resources. Do you think anyone would be after Stella? Or, by extension,” he paused, “Rosie?”
, tangled up on the sectional that smelled like John and firewood and sea, getting high on neuropeptides, kissing like they had all the time in the world to do it, because they did. Just half a day ago, he would have scorned the institution of marriage and claimed he would never be caught in such a soul-destroying, ridiculous, sentimental agreement, and yet: here he was, William Sherlock Scott Watson Holmes. And with John’s thigh placed just
As much as he’d hurt him today, John’s fastidious doctor touch was soothing. He held Sherlock’s hair back as he cleaned the wound, and Sherlock was once again transported through touch-memory to Christmas night. But the second he felt himself lean into John’s steady fingers, Sherlock stiffened again.
,” he breathed. “You’re gorgeous, Sherlock. I love you, I love you so much. I’ve imagined this so many times, but,
Sherlock considers. “Didn’t we?”
, I love you so much, Sherlock.”
John leaned forward, wanting to be involved in the front seat conversation like a schoolboy. “I could be missing something, but why would anyone be after this tea in the first place?”
He reached an arm around John’s back to pull his hips closer, flush with his arse. John let out a grunt, a mix of surprise and pleasure. It offered a brief moment of vulnerability, which he took to wrestle John into switching positions. John clambered against the table with a
was implied.
They’re out the door before anyone can respond.
But he wasn’t in a bar, and Molly Hooper was currently in a mobile power struggle with a man he hadn’t spoken to in five years.
John kisses him, more fire behind it now. Sherlock responds enthusiastically, shifting his hips slightly for more contact. “I’ve wanted...this for so...long,” John mutters between kisses. When Sherlock only responds with a teasing roll of the hips, John pulls back, breathless. With only the boxers and Sherlock’s pajamas as a barrier between their cocks, it is extremely hard to concentrate.
“Skills? You flatter yourself, John,” he joked, but-- oh. A shallow ring of dust at the back of the third shelf caught his eye. Judging by the pristine ring, the small container had been sitting unused for quite some time, and had only been removed today. More importantly, it had not been returned. Rooms were not being cleaned at this hour, and there was no reason for something to be missing from these shelves.
“Come on,” said Sherlock, already striding toward the storage closet. “No time to lose. There’s a potential crime scene in the closet.”
“Wahh suhm?” Sherlock held out the rosemary loaf, fresh from the oven.
crossword, he would have texted George.
“Hello?” he answers, voice horribly groggy. Sherlock stirs next to him.
John flinched. That struck a nerve.
“John, she won’t even notice. You’re a doctor- in your professional opinion, lube is
The elevator ride up to the fifth floor was tense. Even while avoiding looking at John, he could tell he had something he couldn’t decide how to say. Sherlock planned to curb any sort of further explanation or pity- it would only be embarrassing for both of them.
Memories that remain"
Mycroft was disheveled and attempting to compromise, which meant that he was desperate. Desperate for
1:30pm
Liesl’s love in “The Sound of Music”
“You mean...retire?” John hadn’t considered that Sherlock would ever think of giving up casework. Ten years ago, John wouldn’t have been able to separate Sherlock’s being from his work. Now, though, in his greying hair, his jeans and jumper look, and a newfound ease about him, it didn’t seem so impossible. John could actually picture Sherlock’s case-less life in the country: wearing a beekeeper suit harvesting honey, conducting experiments in the garden, baking pastries, reading classic novels.
14. Canal recently featured in fanfiction, oddly
When Rosie emerged from the salon chair a half hour later, John forgot his misgivings and decided Delia was a magician. The too-short short fringe looked almost intentional, now. Rosie beamed.
him. “When?” His voice has an edge, and Sherlock turns back to him, an eyebrow raised.
He let out a small
John made a face of distaste, and Sherlock clarified, “不是, 我們是英國人 (Bù shì, wǒmen shì yīngguó rén).”
Rosie smiled at Elaine in silent thanks, and it morphed into a cheeky smirk. “He said yes.”
,” John said, taking in the sight of her freshly chopped hair down to her chin. Rosie rolled her eyes.
“Daddy!” Rosie cries, reaching out for him, her eyes widening with empathetic tears. The tears instantly turn to sobs, and Sherlock turns her small body into his chest, rubbing her back and stroking her untamed curls.
, he’d said. Stupid. “But I don’t want them to ruin tonight. We wouldn’t be here now without that encounter.”
“Want you to come inside me, John, come on, you’re so close,” Sherlock encouraged. “That’s it, John,
“Sherlock Holmes,” Sherlock reaches his arm across the aisle to shake Clara’s hand. He’s being uncharacteristically polite. It makes him wonder what Sherlock knows about Clara that he doesn’t.
She seemed oblivious. Or, perhaps, she was pretending to be. “Sherlock, can I...show you around this place?” she asked, inexplicably nervous.  “I feel like I’ve missed out on something big, not having you around all these years.”
“Explain,” Sherlock cut in.
,” John said, ripping Sherlock from his anxious reverie. “I still can’t believe it. And a bloody coincidence, too.”
Molly pulled Sherlock and then him in for a fierce, tight hug that felt simultaneously congratulatory and scolding. With his nose pulled into her hair, John noted that she even smelled the same: like lavender and lemon. He hadn’t realized he’d remembered what she smelled like. This weekend continued to unlock and empty long-stored vaults of memories.
“221A.” It was perfect. Mrs. Hudson had left him the property ten years ago, and he hadn’t managed (or rather, hadn’t wanted) to rent out the place since. Stella worked in London, and Watson was based there with her music- it only made sense. And John would inevitably realize he was being an idiot about staying on Isle of Man in any long-term capacity when he could be on Baker Street with Watson and Holmes.
“As soon as we’ve made sufficient use of John’s mattress,” Sherlock challenged, and John felt his cheeks heat. Scenes from this morning flashed in his memory, causing his lower regions to stir.
On a subconscious level, he had always known that he wanted to apply his theoretical knowledge to a practical setting. His findings had been thorough, and Sherlock thanked his former self as John was reduced to labored panting and frenzied moans over him.
“Ohh,” he whined.
Sherlock finally managed to wring his hands free, too.
“Meet me at hotel breakfast tomorrow morning, 7am.”
Before Sherlock can respond, he gives the next command. “Undo your belt and remove your trousers.”
Sherlock showed him up the stairs and down a hallway with Sherlock’s bedroom and a study off to the right. John couldn’t help but notice the crossword puzzle easel board inside the study, among familiar test tubes, Sherlock’s microscope, and various papers strewn across a dark wooden desk. Sherlock hurried him along to the loo, which could have been pulled right from a catalogue. Black and white vintage tile led to a luxurious clawfoot tub. John’s muscles relaxed just looking at it.
Greg smiled, a great wide beaming thing. “Thought you’d never ask.”
“Seeing you...like this is... fascinating. I want to catalogue...all your responses, memorize them.”
If only he could vaporize. Watson must have read about his mind palace in this journal of John’s (admittedly, he was more than a little interested in finding and reading it himself). He didn’t like the current imbalance— Watson had already read a manual on how to interact with Sherlock, and comparably, he knew so little about her. Well, little by his own standards.
John emerged 45 minutes later to an elaborate spread of cheese, meats, savoury biscuits, and fruits placed elegantly on a wooden slab.
Finally, it’s Sherlock who crashes their lips together.
What happened to our love, it used to be so good."
“Easy to solve, not as easy to catch. Boring. But tiring,” Sherlock said, yawning. He didn’t particularly care to get into the details at the moment. They were boring. Much less exciting than the sensations happening in his soles.
“We can give you another room,” he looked over Sherlock’s shoulder to give John a once-over, “if you want.”
The plane ride back to London was considerably more enjoyable than the journey to Taiwan. John fell asleep on his shoulder.
Admittedly, the case held promise. A mountaintop robbery on an old Japanese train where the only item stolen was a small case of mysterious tea leaves in a backpack? An ideal Christmas gift, two days late. Mycroft knew what he was doing, knew exactly what he had to say to lure Sherlock in.
“Are you okay? Where’s Dad?” she said, frantically searching for any movement in the window. Dad and Sherlock put themselves in so much danger, if she found out that those idiots got themselves into a bad situation on her move-in day, she was going to give them a proper talking-to.
John had made it two hours in a business class cabin on a direct flight to Taipei before ordering a drink.
“Oh, believe me-- I know that better than anyone.” There was that Mary smile again. There must have been a tell of his distaste on his face, because the smile quickly faltered.
God, this felt good, lying down. It was more indulgent, more intimate. How had he never kissed this man lying down? He’d missed out on years of this for reasons so inconsequential he couldn’t even remember them at the moment.
“You tell me.” John placed the cup of tea on the table and uncrossed his legs, leaning forward conspiratorially. “Why
No, he wasn’t. “You’re lying.” Rosie wouldn’t have known how to contact him (or why), and neither would Stella. Unless he was invited to solve this case (doubtful- the universe was rarely so lazy), Sherlock Holmes was officially a wedding crasher.
It was Sherlock who finally looked away. “I’m really not.”
Sherlock slammed his head back into the headrest, rather impatient himself. “Drive faster.”
“The one who’s just dramatically confessed his love for me since the day we met to a crowd of unsuspecting wedding guests.”
Rosamund Mary Watson
this life over one we could’ve had together. And that’s what you do, John. You never choose me.” Sherlock choked on the last bit, letting cracks in his steady wall show. It was devastating. It was devastating because of the truth in it.
His brother shifted his head patronizingly to the right. “We don’t know. We were assured by a trustworthy source that this tea would be of interest.”
it, I- Jesus.” John drops his head into his hands. He’s gone and ruined the best damn thing in his life, all because he needed a bit of danger, a bit of drama.
“Not the point.”
Drip. Drip. Drip.
Strands of short, fine black hair wove themselves between Rosie’s fingers. They were memories of a starless midnight when she’d kissed Stella outside of the underground bar the night they met. Soft, deep brown eyes were countless cappuccinos on grey London weekend mornings after indulgent lie-ins. The already-fading pink flush on Stella’s cheeks was the reflection of the Manx sunset on a rocky shore when Stella had proposed. Rosie could have spent the better half of the afternoon cataloguing the colors of her soon-to-be wife, but Stella stayed true to her word through hell and high water, and she insisted on going to lunch with her mum.
When they arrive at the hospital, John inquires about Harry. The receptionist
It also could be nothing.
John eyed him sweetly. “People usually say ‘I do.’” He thread their fingers together. “Stop overthinking. If you want this, and I know you do because I’m
John knew more about closet crime scenes than he’d care to admit. He stood to attention, lifting his chin up and down again. He’d accepted long ago that he’d follow Sherlock Holmes into a pit of tarantulas.
“Yes, I have. Once.” Sherlock stares pointedly at the telly.
Even Stella was intrigued, now. She opened to the last page, blank except for a few lines of text at the top. She read them aloud. “I love him. I can’t believe I’m putting these words to paper, but God, I do. But I’ve hurt him too much.
He clears his throat. “Growing up as Harry Watson’s little brother, I learned three things at a young age: first, how to throw a punch, second, that everything dangerous is fun, and third, that Harry is always right. The first one is self-explanatory. Harry is- was- probably one of the most aggravating people on the planet. She teased and teased and pushed and pushed in exactly the right ways. She knew how to make anyone snap. As her younger brother, I was a target all too often.”
“Right, yeah.” They sit in uncomfortable silence as John continues to sip his coffee. His entire body groans with every movement.
So much for embracing having Sherlock here for the day. He’d been hoping to get a rise out of him when he’d confronted him about the wedding, but he hadn’t expected Sherlock to insist they continue on circling each other in this distant purgatory between ex-partners and friends and lovers. This kind of resignation was far worse than a blowout argument would’ve been.
” he nearly choked. Proposal, as in...marriage. Husbands. The concept was so outrageous, so uncompromising, he hadn’t let his mind explore it.
“I’m not entirely sure what’s happening right now,” Dad responded, and Rosie pushed him aside.
, John, yes, you’re going to feel so good inside me.” Sherlock reached under the elastic of John’s pants and stroked him back to full hardness.
head.
Stella, usually all sharp angles and keen eyes, looked like she was in a haze. Rosie couldn’t hear anything besides the deep bass of the loud music, but she could make out Stella mouthing her name. Closing the distance between them, Rosie wrapped her arms around her fiancee, but the instant Stella’s head hit her shoulder, Rosie panicked. Even with the combination of far too many free drinks thrust her way and the constantly changing lights in an otherwise dark club, she could tell something was seriously wrong.
“Have you eaten?” she asked, and the question surprised him. He couldn’t remember the last time someone had bothered to check. He shook his head, and Watson smiled that Mary-smile again. He suppressed a shiver. “If you can’t stay, I’d love to get lunch. You came all this way. I’d at least like a chance to get to know you.” The offer was tempting. He hadn’t had a conversation with the girl since she’d learned to read.
People in the audience stared at him expectantly. He’d told them to wait, but they’d waited long enough. He’d waited thirty years too long.
a satisfied inner Sherlock agreed).  John groaned internally. He knew it had been a mistake, letting himself jerk off to indecently sexy mental images of a frustrated Sherlock in only his dressing gown, hair wild, piles of crossword grids strewn across 221B. John had imagined him taking off his glasses and toying with them between his soft, pink, obscene lips, just a hint of tongue slipping through. Sherlock’s eyes had raked over John’s body when he entered, Sherlock dropping the grid he was working on in surprise. This Sherlock had gotten down on his knees to pick it up, and god, why was he so obvious, and-
“I was going to say a mistake, but that works.”
Sherlock,” The combined sensations of the tightness around his cock, Sherlock breathy pants, and Sherlock’s hands running all over his body gave him a rush. “You’re perfect, love.” He experimentally moved his hips, rocking further into Sherlock.
39. Japanese chef of Buzzfeed Tasty videos
“Was that him?” John asked, and Molly felt for him. He was sitting rod straight, eyes set unwaveringly forward.
to England, then?”
When Stella pulled back, she was holding back tears. “Someone’s dead.”
It only took a half second for Dad’s smile to drop, however. He intercepted the microphone being passed from Sherlock to Emil. “Wait. Sherlock, you really trust her? She’s Moran’s daughter,” Dad asked, hissing the last two words.
“Feels nice, then?”
Rosie didn’t miss the loaded glance between Yasmin and Elaine. Stella skirted the subject with grace, as usual. “Well, our best man hasn’t lifted a finger. But I deserve that for giving my younger brother any sort of responsibility.”
“You of all people know the events on John’s blog were fabricated
“What’s my type, then?”
35. Stubbs, the loveliest Mrs. Hudson ♥️
John’s groan was so loud, Earl woke up frightened from her kip. He couldn’t take any more of the talking, he wanted this
(See the end of the chapter for
Without a certain cocktail of illicit substances, Sherlock wouldn’t be able to sleep on the plane, but he could do his best to quiet his brain. John was next to him, seemingly relaxed after the last few sips of scotch. He was wearing an old button-up and tweed trousers (had to change his shirt after Rosie spilled her oatmeal on the first, he deduced), and the two of them were on a case, an international one at that, alone together. Like the early days. The familiarity soothed him.
John caught Sherlock glancing down the aisle at the flirty flight attendant for three seconds too long, raised his brows, and stared intently into his swirling plastic cup.
“Your father didn’t send that invite. You did.”
And now, of course, he was being nicer than John deserved.
“You look happy,” she greeted, and it sounded like both a question and an accusation. She had heard the office interaction, too, under the impression John drank the truth tea. In the wake of her own breakup, Sherlock was sure she wouldn’t be thrilled to face two people besotted with each other.
“Hey, can I come in? I brought dinner. Weixian and I go way back.”
Xiaowen raised an eyebrow. “I prefer Sherlock Holmes. Sounds fancier.”
He had always been able to bury his desire for Sherlock because he felt like he had to, for both of them, for one reason or another (timing, mostly). But seeing Sherlock so
can be found
Inspiration strikes him. It’s new, and scary, but John suddenly knows exactly what he wants. “Sherlock, Rosie and I. Can we move in here, with you?”
, not Japanese Encephilitis. You indicated that you haven’t traveled to an area where you could have possibly been exposed.”
John’s eyes were filled with emotion, glinting with the hint of a specific memory. “I don’t mind, either.”
John huffed into his mouth, surprised. Sherlock inhaled John’s jolted breath like it was cigarette smoke after years of abstaining, which seemed to weaken John. He leaned into Sherlock and rested a careful hand on Sherlock’s cheek. It was a gentle kiss, delicate. And warm. And unfathomably right.
No. No. No? No! No.
“It’s why I invited Sherlock.” She tilted her chin to the journal. “Look at the last page.”
“You alright?” He breathes.
Recording Rosie’s height on a door frame had actually been Mary’s idea- it’s one of the few reminders of Mary John keeps in his new flat, a quaint Victorian-style rental in Brixton. John’s family had never been sentimental, and he liked the idea of seeing physical evidence of Rosie’s growth. It’s a way for both of them to start over. Every milestone, John’s decided, he’s going to make a tick. The last was the day they moved in here; the day John sold his place in the suburbs. The day John let go of the life he had made for himself in that house. It’s 83.8 cm today, and they’re celebrating Rosie’s second birthday.
Sherlock.” She squeezed his fingers, and he visibly relaxed. Our Sherlock. That felt right.
I'll be posting the completed puzzle as the following chapter in a few days.
John seemed to have the same thought as his fingers grazed the mess on Sherlock’s chest. “We really should clean up.”
He shook his head; he was getting ahead of himself. Focus on the here, now. The next few crucial seconds. How was he supposed to react to this proposal? It was so unexpected, he hadn’t had any time to plan his response. He could usually get ahead of John’s cognitive processes, anticipate his next move at least a few seconds before he made it, allowing Sherlock to adjust his facial features, control his tone. But this, this confession came like a rogue bullet: swift and deadly. He was likely blinking like an idiot outside of his head, outside of this faux Angelo’s. “What do I do?” he whispered to this John, completely out of his depth.
“We’re getting married tomorrow!” Stella laughed, pulling a grey jumper (London sidewalks) over her bra, despite Rosie’s efforts to keep the clothing item in Stella’s suitcase. “I expect we’ll be seeing enough of each other for
Sherlock comes, hot streaks pulsing onto John’s own cock. But it’s Sherlock’s face, totally open and lost in pleasure, that sends John over the edge. His orgasm is a needed, powerful release. It shoots onto Sherlock’s stomach and his smart black shirt.
Between the two of them, they had enough family baggage to fill an airplane.
A bendable element in ATLA
John snorted. “Speaking from experience…don’t know about that one, mate.”
“Next, I’m going to touch you here,” John said, rubbing Sherlock’s cock over his pants for emphasis.
He reached for his mobile in his jeans pocket, dialing Rosie. She didn’t answer. That was odd. She was always on that damned thing (
“I love you,” John says again, taking on a serious tone. He runs his hands along Sherlock’s sides and thighs. The silky fabric of Sherlock’s pajamas whistles against his fingers. Sherlock hums.
, and Sherlock smiled against his lips
Lestrade gave him a grateful nod at the end of the night, and a tender moment of understanding passed between them. Sherlock pushed down the unwelcome wave of nostalgia for examination for after he’d had some sleep.
John nodded, chuckling. “Can always count on Sherlock Holmes to be prepared.” He reached out to take it, but Sherlock stopped him. “Let me.”
The reception was a hit.
John shakes his head and snaps into doctor mode, posture straightening and face hardening. “I’ve got to get to the A&E to get more information, see how she’s doing.”
John relaxed into his window seat, copying Sherlock’s position with a smirk. “So we’re a tarot card reader now, are we?”
John took a messy bite of the terrible omelette. “I bet you would.”
“God, I want you,” John breathed, his nose buried in Sherlock’s neck.
John.
like this after so long made it nearly impossible to hide. He stared openly as Sherlock wiped his index finger down his chin to collect the strawberry juice and stick his finger in his mouth. John craved him. He wet his lips with his tongue, and Sherlock’s eyes locked on John’s mouth, and something flickered in Sherlock’s eyes. He felt electric.
Sherlock also showed love through acts of service, but he certainly appreciated words of affirmation- words of affirmation that the tea would undoubtedly coax from John’s lips.
John understood none of this, of course, so it was Sherlock’s choice. He glanced back at John, felt a pang of want, and turned back to Weixian. “We can do one room.”
Rosie had recently released her debut album
Rosie chewed at her thumbnail. Inviting Sherlock Holmes to her wedding under false pretenses was ethically questionable, to say the least. To her knowledge, he and Dad hadn’t spoken since she was a toddler, since they moved out to Manx. There was certainly unfinished business there, with the way Dad talked about the detective, as if he was a hero in an Ancient Greek play. Rosie had loved growing up here, loved her life, her family of two, their role in the small, friendly Manx community- the doctor from London and his musical daughter. But Rosie longed to know the man who had such a profound effect on her early life.
3. Not an observer, to Sherlock
"I was an impossible case
Both of Rosie’s friends blushed, caught out. He used to get angry at Sherlock for asking the blunt questions, now he was the one asking them. He read once about “identity fusion,” where people became more like their partner over time. He wondered if it applied long after the relationship ended.
“Please do us both a favour and sleep,” Sherlock said, “The scotch should do the trick.”
“Wait!” Fifty metres away, a vision in a long coat and a mop of windswept curls was barreling toward the ceremony with a scruffy man Rosie had never seen before, ordering to stop the wedding.
46. Electric swimmers
His body finally lost the battle to his brain, and he gently pushed John away, reaching for the nearest drying-up cloth to clean themselves off. As he wiped at the mix of sweat and semen on their hands and bodies, the tea towel only served to remind him that they hadn’t even been able to make it to the bedroom in their haste. Sherlock was reminded of the dreary statistic that addicts tended to OD on their first dose after recovery, mistaking their previous dosage for one their recovered bodies could handle. John had always been a kind of drug to him, and this dose was going to be near impossible to recover from.
Rosie had had enough. She’d asked at least fifteen questions about the circumstances surrounding her mum’s death in her nine years of life, and Daddy always skirted around the truth, or gave a terribly evasive answer like, “I’ll tell you when you’re older.” She was nine, now, and she’d decided that she deserved to know how her mum died.
, Sherlock.” He could hear his own voice getting unreasonably loud. “I don’t know her.”
The rest of his shift did not go any better. He must have checked his watch at least three times an hour, and he breathed a sigh of relief as he hung his stethoscope on the wall and logged out of the desktop. He didn’t even bother putting his hood up to the heavy rain, having forgotten an umbrella in his rush this morning. Honestly, though, the cool rain felt liberating on his skin. The humidity of the past week had stifled the entire city, and this downpour was a release.
Finally alone, John suggests they see if there’s anything good on telly. Sherlock quips that there’s hardly ever anything “good” on telly, but he agrees. John settles on a rerun of Planet Earth, and the soothing, gentle cadence of Sir David Attenborough instantly relaxes him. The intensity of the last week seeps out of him as he leans against Sherlock’s shoulder on the sofa. The stiffness in Sherlock’s body softens, too, as John reaches out to stroke Sherlock’s leg.
Rosie nodded along, but she secretly disagreed. At least in her mind, Mum was and would always be her hero.
“I’ll prepare the bath for you. You’re clearly starting to ache in that position, and you haven’t showered in three days.”
The next two days are exhausting. John coasts through the handshakes, the condolences, and the flowers mindlessly. He doesn’t take much of it in- it’s too hard to think. He’s already dealing with constant nausea from not drinking, and on top of mindless chatter, he constantly feels like he’s going to lash out. He sees people he hasn’t seen in years, and many he doesn’t know at all- Harry’s coworkers, her AA sponsor, her old school friends, a few odd cousins. He’s beyond grateful for Clara’s attendance. She does most of the grunt work of the greeting; she knows far more people than John does at both the wake and the funeral. Even though she and Harry were divorced, people recognize her as the chief mourner. She looks it, too. John wonders if she regrets the divorce. Maybe the pair of them had even discussed getting back together. He wonders if Clara still loved her.
Sherlock is silent now, pushing the pram and looking pointedly forward. There’s a firmness in his posture that suggests he’s bottling his anger, saving it for behind closed doors of 221B. He imagines Sherlock completely undone, angry and human.
“I worry about you here, alone,” Dad admitted, his thumbs warring with each other in his lap. Rosie bit back the tears threatening to spill. Stuck in her own fear, she hadn’t realized Dad was the one that needed the comfort. “You can call me anytime, now. I already put my number in.”
It was Not Good that he’d rather be helping Sherlock solve a crime than getting ready for his own daughter’s wedding. He was happy for Rosie. But given a choice between a social event and catching criminals with Sherlock, he’d always pick the latter.
4. Sauce for a gyro
“John,
That’s not to say he hadn’t been taken aback when Rosie came out to him. When she was seventeen, John had a bit of an internal crisis after catching Rosie snogging a girl. He’d even asked his therapist if he thought her motherlessness was why she was a lesbian.
John takes Sherlock’s right hand in his left, placing it on top of the chair. Sherlock stares hard at their hands, concentrating. “I wanted you there.” John swallows. “I understand if you don’t...want that, though.” It hurts John to say. “I’m sorry. I was a complete dick at the funeral, and after.”
Request the honor of your presence at their wedding celebration
“No!” John forced himself back into the present moment, maybe a bit too harshly. The patient, a thirty-something with a full head of grey hair -
“You being honest?”
“Makes me think of 221B. And sex.”
She didn’t much care where Jacqueline was going, because she didn’t want to waste a single second more thinking about her.
Sherlock’s hands came to his hips and the man just…stared. At John’s hard penis just inches from his face. A few moments too long. John could feel his cheeks reddening. “Uh, Sherlock? You okay?”
“The other night, when I fucked you for the first time, that was like a hundred of my wank fantasies coming true. You’re so gorgeous.”
Mycroft quirked the side of his mouth, which for him, was as obvious as a blatant eye roll. “Unlikely.”
The last time he’d seen John had been at Mrs. Hudson’s funeral, ten years ago now. The memories of that time were fuzzy, shrouded in a cloud of grief, but seeing John, he remembered in excruciatingly perfect detail.
The first many years of her life, he had a bad case of parental imposter syndrome. His own parents hadn’t exactly provided a roadmap he’d like to follow, and he had been constantly petrified of cocking the whole thing up. He tried, though. He took Rosie to swim practice and dance and violin and piano rehearsals after work at the surgery, threw birthday parties (god help him), cooked for the two of them. And when Rosie started to become the brilliant, talented, passionate woman she had turned out to be, John knew he wouldn’t have traded what the two of them had for anything.
Sherlock hummed his appreciation, the praise encouraging him to suck faster, harder. To apply more pressure with his tongue, to wrap a hand around the base, meeting his mouth halfway as he pulled. He settled into a rhythm, and John was watching him, half-lidded, fingers tight in his curls as he bobbed over him. Sherlock met his eyes on a particularly slow, teasing pull, and John hit his head back against the pillow.
13. Giedroyc of The Great British Bake-off
“And none of that ‘Make John Watson save me’ crap, okay?” He thinks of the Culverton case and shudders.
Sherlock must have been staring at him in open-mouthed shock at the confirmation, because he saw the moment John realized what he had revealed.
“It’s yours.” Indisputably, Clara is the right owner. He wants nothing to do with that flat. “Mycroft was right.”
John exhaled a disbelieving chuckle, but he was clearly comforted by the knowledge that Sherlock wanted this. “Right.”
Molly Hooper looked the same as ever, wearing a sundress, a cardigan, and a bright, knowing smile. Her hands were clasped with joy at the sight of them. She held herself a little taller than she did when John knew her well, and there was a deserved air of confident ease about her that made him swell with pride. Greg had been good for her, then. He glanced at the man, who was looking at Molly like she hung the moon. They had been good for each other.
___lock, a feature of anotherwellkeptsecret’s “Siren Song”
Missed Call (2)
A niggling doubt stopped him from pressing John’s name on his mobile. Convincing Mycroft was one thing. Convincing John? Once, it had been the easiest thing in the world. He had a talent for it, actually. But things were different now. There was Rosie. The status of their friendship was currently under review. The New Year began on Saturday. Text, he decided. He had much better odds of convincing John in person.
Not an addict, according to Sherlock
The cool night sea air outside of the hotel sank into his skin, energizing him. Sherlock wrapped his coat around him, and John took a moment to rub the thick fabric (vintage, now) between his fingers. “I missed this,” John said quietly, a whisper in the breeze.
Xiaowen turned her back to the entrance of the exhibit, putting her hands to the sides of her face. “John, Sherlock,” she whispered, “The security guard in the far corner. He was on the Alishan train.”
“Daddy, I don’t want to play violin anymore.”
“Wish I could’ve joined you,” John said, a bit regretfully.
When she woke up with a pounding headache two hours later in a tiny surgery that looked more like someone’s house than a hospital, the first thing she noticed wasn’t the bruise on her arm or the news of the incident playing on telly or the nurse giving her a wary look from across the room.
John pulled a small mesh bag filled with tea leaves from his pocket.
With his left hand, Sherlock grabbed at John’s hips and pulled him closer as he thrust his own hips to meet them. John lifted an arm to cup Sherlock’s neck, encouraging this. It seemed John was interested in the proceedings, as well.
Sherlock’s shock was audible in its silence. She ended the call, and took in the enigma that was John Watson. He looked different somehow; worse. As if the last five years had aged him ten. The man had a hint of stubble, like he had simply forgotten to shave. His button-up hung loosely on him, and his trousers were being held up by his belt. She couldn’t think of a better way to describe him than that he looked...sad. She couldn’t decide if she felt vindicated on Sherlock’s behalf or if she wanted to give him a hug (possibly also on Sherlock’s behalf).
“You’re a ridiculous man.”
pulled John from his sleepy haze.
He cursed internally. It must have been the bottom drawer: the one he hadn’t opened.
Dad pointed to the box with her new phone. “And here, now, don’t you forget.”
“That would be amenable.”
Sherlock swallowed. “I do. Judging by her reactions, it’s highly unlikely she knew.”
puzzle
“Hmm.”
Sherlock’s eyebrows shot up. “On the plane.”
He is, he realizes. The wave of fatigue hits him sharply, and he concedes. There’s still a looming cloud of grief over him that wears on his bones. “Fine. Just sleeping, then. It’s late.”
It was a little warmer than usual for mid-September, and sweat was pooling on John’s forehead by the time he was unclipping Earl from her harness and refilling her water bowl. When he finally sat down with his crossword and Chinese leftovers from the night before, Earl resting dutifully by his feet, it was a welcome return to his Sunday routine.
“John.”
“Rosie, hand me to a paramedic, now,” demanded Sherlock, and his urgent tone tempered John’s annoyance. Slightly.
“We made it have to work quite hard, actually, with all our stupidity.”
Sherlock swallowed to combat the dryness of his mouth, but words were still difficult. “The truth tea.” The imitation tea seemed to lighten in his own pocket, now that he knew it wasn’t the real thing. “So. In fact. You didn’t…”
“Why waste a good wedding?” John threw his hands up, and the reactions from the audience ranged from brassed off to shocked to confused to pleased.
.” She fastened silver earrings (frets of Rosie’s guitar playing a love song) with a playful roll of her eyes.
She couldn’t see what was happening at the steps off the train, but she heard some commotion and then saw a familiar blue jacket sleeve out of the corner of her eye, and a syringe.
While John Facetimed with Harry, Clara, and Rosie, Sherlock rifled through his suitcase for the pyjamas he’d packed. He brought them into the bathroom along with a towel and  some toiletries, and shut the door. He studied himself in the mirror, and was taken back by the disheveled man he saw there. The last 24 hours of travel had taken a toll on his appearance, and he desperately needed a shower. He looked much older than the arrogant young man who had met John at Bart’s nearly a decade ago, now. He felt older, too.
A killer? It sounded like a movie her and Jamie had watched secretly at a slumber party last month. “Who?”
She could see him connecting the dots frighteningly fast, as if she could have ever fooled the world’s greatest detective with a few faked sentences. Rosie was an open book. His brow furrowed, then raised. He dropped her hand like it was made of hot coal, taking a physical step back. His entire demeanor shifted from sweet interest to harsh coldness within seconds.
“Lín-hó,” he said, and Sherlock thought he may have misheard “你好.”
John was only finishing his first, about to order a second, when strangely familiar voices floated from the lobby to the bar.
“John,” Sherlock breathes, closing his eyes. It’s chastising, and encouraging, and reverential all at once. John pulls his hips so they’re flush with his own. And
Sherlock showed her out with a small wave, which she returned. When he closed the door John wore a gentle smile. It was a soft and unguarded smile he rarely saw, these days, and Sherlock couldn’t look away.
It was a word he knew well.
“Edward Shih could have been the target- do you know him?” Sherlock asked.
I can't believe we're almost at the end, here. One more chapter! Thanks to everyone who's come along for the ride ;) As always, you can find me on tumblr @disfictional.
Oh, he did. “I found Dad’s old journal from when he first moved out to Manx with me, twenty years ago,” said Rosie, taking her hand from Stella’s to gesture dramatically to the glove compartment. “Apparently it was an assignment from his therapist.” Dad would have fallen over if he knew she was telling her friends about his therapy attendance, but he was old-fashioned like that. Therapy had been helpful (and necessary) for both of them, more so than Dad probably believed. Stella’s eyes widened as she opened the glove box to pull out the leather-bound book stuffed with folded paper.
“John.”
, the raised glass seemed to say. Dad was curling into the man, looking up at him adoringly. They’d been waiting for each other for twenty years.
Mrs. Hudson 5:40pm
“I am, yeah. I’ve been promoted, actually. I’ve got some research projects going. Things are good.” She hated to bring up her dating life, as it was so trivial compared to the strides she had been making in her career, but she had to take her chance at getting answers. “And I’m seeing someone.”
Sherlock obliged with a quirk of his lips. John let out an involuntary whine as fingers left his cock, but it was worth it for this gratifying view of Sherlock’s arse. He ran his hands over the skin there, appreciating the smooth curve into the muscles of his lower back. Just the thought of sinking his fingers,
), and in the morgue (
John squeezed Sherlock’s hand. “See you tomorrow?” he asked Watson, an edge of insecurity creeping into the question, but she gave him a reassuring nod.
Dad had meticulously stacked the cards on his desk, and she felt a rush of warmth at the gesture. She was marrying a woman, a wonderful, beautiful, intelligent woman, but a woman, and Rosie had always suspected that Dad had more to say about that than he outwardly expressed. He had always quietly supported her in his own way, but she could never quite gage his true feelings about her being gay. In the summer after her sixth year, he’d caught her snogging Jamie, a girl who had been her friend since primary school, out in their back garden. His eyes had widened, his brow shooting up his forehead in the way it only did when he was genuinely surprised. Rosie would never forget the complicated bit of emotion that crossed his face next: a mix of confusion, embarrassment, humor, regret. It was the
“Oh, I intend to thank you, Sherlock. Properly.” John smiles darkly. Sherlock swallows, a flash of excitement crossing his features.
Sherlock leans forward and lightly sucks on John’s lower lip. This time, it’s tender, and so gentle; it’s starkly different from the open-mouthed panting from just a few hours earlier. John leans into the kiss, softly exploring the curve of Sherlock’s lips with his mouth and tongue. It’s divine.
from Sherlock: “I gave a speech at a wedding years ago for John, and though we may have been slow on the uptake, the sentiment remains the same. I love you, John Watson, and the very knowledge that I’ll be able to live the rest of my life acting on this fundamental truth is more than I could have ever asked for.
“No more than you are.” There was a casualness to Sherlock’s voice, but it sounded forced, inauthentic. John knew if he spoke before he calmed himself down, he’d sound irrationally and totally inappropriately aroused, so he nodded while he subtly tried to adjust himself. But if Sherlock caught on (likely), he didn’t mention it.
There was a silence a second too long. Mycroft knew something had happened. Thankfully (shockingly), he didn’t pry.
“You solved it.”
Sherlock wanted to respond,
“Thanks, for all this,” John says, gesturing to the display. Sherlock tucks Rosie into her chair and begins to feed her pieces of chicken as if they’re bees flying into her mouth, complete with sound effects. It’s adorable, almost unbearably so.
Our last summer
Dad looked like he was about to pass out. Rosie placed a steadying hand on his back.
“About?” Sherlock ventured, his voice coming out as a dry whisper.
Sherlock jerked up in his seat, rushing to tuck in his shirt and fiddle with his own hair to hide any hints of a kip (and any hints that he was thinking about his fingers messing up John’s hair). “So did you. Obviously.”
28. Major Yorkshire river that runs through Leeds and Skipton
Dad waved away her thanks. “I cocked up my own wedding by letting my best man do all the work, so it’s only fair I pay it forward now.”
John stares at the numbers, still clutching the pencil that wrote them sloppily in one hand, his mobile in the other. 83.8 cm and an accompanying tick mark scratch the white moulding above Rosie’s golden curls. 83.8 cm is exactly 2.4 cm taller than the last mark made four months ago, when John, Rosie, and Sherlock’s lives took on a sense of normalcy again. Rosie’s growing a bit slower than average, but she is a Watson, after all.
Sherlock bristled. John burned him, and now he was making casual jokes about their life together. His stomach churned.
Drip. Drip.
John laughed at the ridiculous, spectacular life he had agreed to. “Challenge accepted.”
John had no visible reaction, resolute in his rejection. “No, you don’t.” Sherlock looked away sharply, unable to face a John that was convinced this was the truth.
be apart from you. Especially not now, when I know that you want me, too.”
John looks up. As confident as Sherlock sounds, there’s a hint of nervousness in his posture John doesn’t miss. “Okay, love,” John starts. This seems to calm him. “Take off your top, one button at a time.” Sherlock looks down to start the task, but- “Keep your eyes fixed on me.” An echo of a memory rings with those words, but Sherlock looks at John, unflinching, now unbuttoning his top.
John nodded. “Good to hear.” Jacqueline’s perky facade dropped a bit as he went back to cutting ribbons, ignoring her. It wasn’t until Rosie, Stella, and their friends marched into the event hall like a flock of noisy gulls that John looked up again. He hadn’t expected them so early, and he nearly dropped his scissors.
-ABBA, The Day Before You Came
It was Rosie’s turn to be incredulous. “No, I most certainly could not have asked him. He would’ve refused to talk about it. He gets
do this himself. Mary would’ve been able to cut Rosie’s hair perfectly, he thought bitterly. Even Sherlock would’ve been able to do it as if he’d gone to beauty school (hell, maybe he did). Rosie’s hair, her clothes, her dolls, John didn’t have much of a sense for those things. Ultimately, it was the familiar twinge of single parent guilt that tugged him out the front door and into his car to drive Rosie to Ms. Delia’s Salon in town.
The A&E waiting area is crowded with patients. John deduces what they’re in for, and Sherlock deduces how the injury was sustained or where the virus was caught.
you, not for any other silly reason.” The words felt like the weight of an entire airplane being lifted from his shoulders. John needed to say them again. “I love you, Sherlock. And you got it wrong. I never hated my attraction to you because you’re a man. I hated it because I thought you’d never love me back.”
fraught sibling relationship was the same as ever, and John found it rather adorable. He wrapped a possessive arm around his husband’s waist as a warning to the British Government not to get too close. They were on the Isle of Man, after all- they were not under his jurisdiction.
” he refuted, taking a sip of wine.
John shook out rain from his hair and jacket like a dog as he descended the steps to the tube. Still sopping wet and chilled, he miserably boarded the train that would lead him back to his warm flat. He took an empty seat in the back corner and engaged in the only form of entertainment he had on his ride home: observing the people around him. Nearly everyone else in the carriage was in the same, soaked state. There was the typical work crowd, briefcases and dampened pressed suits, some children in school uniforms, an American tourist couple swiping through pictures of the day together on their iPhones. A few stops on, an unkempt woman dressed in a worn, too-large raincoat carrying a dirty rucksack got on and sat directly across the aisle. She kept glancing over at John in a way that did not feel like casual observance. He felt...monitored. He sat up a little straighter, twitching his nose in annoyance. As the train pulled up to his stop, he got up quickly, but the woman stood faster, and they collided. She blocked his way to the exit. “Excuse you,” John grimaced, at the end of his rope. He was gearing up to shove her out of the way when she handed him a slip of paper.
“No, Rosie, this is what he does. He can’t go a bloody minute without dazzling an audience,” he spat.
“I wouldn’t say it if I didn’t genuinely believe it. I know my tea. I drank this very tea this morning, for breakfast.”
Did anyone catch the reference to One Last Stop by Casey McQuinston? I just finished reading that book, and it was pure delight. As always, you can find me at disfictional on tumblr. Thanks everyone for sticking with this story- you might be rewarded in the next few chapters ;) Also, if you're interested, here are the inspiration photos for Stella and Rosie's wedding looks:
“Iris Lyu,” Sherlock finished.
John said, as if this was some kind of revolutionary finding.
“Please,” Clara gives Sherlock an obvious once-over when he comes to sit in John’s chair a few moments later. “John’s quite a lucky man.”
John dipped his chin in a
Dark green trees and blue raincoats spun into an eerie spiral until it was only blackness.
a homeless network anymore? “Who’s this from, then?”
“Happy New Year, John.”
He was certainly
“Desperately hungover recent university graduate,” according to Sherlock
The relief coursed through John’s body, and he poured his entire being into the kiss. It was soft, and so warm, and in that moment John couldn’t remember a time when he hadn’t been kissing Sherlock Holmes. And when Sherlock’s hands slid down his own robe on John’s body and gasped, John couldn’t imagine a time when he wouldn’t be kissing Sherlock Holmes.
“Excuse me?” her voice echoed on the tile, far too loud for her sleeping friends just outside the door. “I don’t care about Stella’s family secrets. It’s Stella I’m marrying, not her bloody father.”
He stood and walked around the island, meeting Sherlock on the other side. Sherlock stayed still, but his eyes followed John’s every move. “How, exactly, will this work? Do you want to meet up for coffee in London?”
Outside, there were loud cheers of “新年快樂 (Xīnnián kuàilè)!” and grand explosions of fireworks. But quite honestly, the only noises Sherlock cared to listen to were John Watson’s soft moans and gentle kisses.
“Harry?” Sherlock asks knowingly, leaning down to scoop Rosie into his arms. John steadies himself and stands straight. “She’s in hospital. Head injury, broken ribs, punctured lung. She’s gone and gotten herself into a nasty car accident.” John attempts to roll his eyes, but they betray him with a gloss of emotion. He’s a doctor; he knows the outlook. It’s not bright. But he has hope. He can’t- not after- not when-
31. Swindle, trick
John keeps one
Stella moved her hand along Rosie’s cheek into her hair, and the silver metal of her bracelet felt cool on her face. “This bracelet. It’s the same one you wore the night we met.” Stella was kissing her cheek now, and Rosie felt the smile before she saw it. “Nostalgic of you to wear it today.”
“Well, this is where the magic happens.”
He wanted Christmas John. Christmas John from just two days ago. Christmas John, who had sat in his chair in this very room in front of the fireplace and toasted Mrs. Hudson. Christmas John, who had given Sherlock an engraved magnifying glass and had gifted it with a note reading “Because you always know where to look. Merry Christmas, Sherlock. -JW.” Christmas John, who ate three too many of Mrs. Hudson’s mince pies. Christmas John, had put Rosie to bed upstairs and then covered himself in a blanket on the couch and asked Sherlock to join him. Christmas John, who had stroked his hair so gently as he told a story about his Christmas in Kandahar.
John made a pained sound of protest, but kept sipping until the empty cup echoed when he placed it down.
Sherlock takes advantage of John’s moment of vulnerability and manages to extricate himself. “John, please don’t- don’t do this now. Your judgment is severely compromised, clearly.”
Yasmin rubbed at the back of her neck. “Well, we actually-”
Sherlock leaned back in his chair, lips parted, and his foot slid away. “Well. She likes you, and she’s alive.”
“Mmm. Feels good,” he praises. Sherlock continues his massage. “I was worried, when I woke up. That you weren’t there. That you were angry.”
“You like her for more than her brain. You want to be her friend.” John leaned back against the single pillow on his bed, throwing his sock-covered feet up.
This was good. There were certainly tiers of kissing, he was coming to understand. John’s hand slid down Sherlock’s body, hesitating at the waistband of his pants before slipping over them to grasp and rub at the bulge there. Sherlock’s nerve endings were like the match, John’s fingers the matchbox.
Sherlock leaves on Thursday afternoon. He gives John a brief hug, and John doesn’t want to let him go. He hasn’t spent a night alone with Rosie since Harry died, and the thought terrifies him.
“Good,” she said, and even though Sherlock could only see her back, he pictured the accompanying leering smile. “Now we can be honest with each other, Dr. Watson. I think you have some secrets.”
“Okay, but how do you know she slept with this person? She could’ve just crashed there.”
35. Stubbs, the loveliest Mrs. Hudson ♥️
” He takes himself in hand, guiding it to Sherlock’s entrance and pushes in, just to the head. It’s hot, and tight, and fucking glorious. It takes all his restraint not to slide in to the base of his cock and just
60. _____
The posh duvet was covered in a mix of their semen, and so was Sherlock’s chest. He decided he really didn’t mind.
“I didn’t think you would ever love me,” John confessed, and it was so open and human it nearly broke him.
“Not until morning. Shame,” he said, not bothering to look up. He was scanning the scheduling table for relevant names and times when Connor pulled out a suggestive
John stiffened. It had something to do with him, then. “Then what?” Greg shrunk further into his seat. “You can tell me, Greg. I know I was never, uh. Never a good friend to her.”
lucky, in fact.”
Oh. Interesting. Watson was marrying a woman. Unexpected? No. Fascinating? Certainly. Sherlock suddenly ached to know how John had reacted to this. He had probably been unbearably awkward about it, just as he had been on the night of their own meeting. “It’s all fine,” he’d said, flirting clumsily. Sherlock wondered if he’d expressed the same sentiment to Watson when she’d told him. He hoped, for her sake, that John had climbed out of his hole of self-hating homophobia years ago. John had always rejected the notion of becoming his own father. He’d wanted to be good to Rosie, and Sherlock was optimistic that in this area, he had been a good dad. The evidence was there - John was clearly in support of the wedding.
“Fuck, Sherlock.” It was good, so, so good. Wet, light flicks of Sherlock’s tongue were unraveling him, each slide of flesh erasing a hesitation. But as quickly as it started, Sherlock let go of his cock with a last lick and jumped off the bed.
Sherlock felt a stab of guilt. “Yes, that seems to be the case.”
Strings of unintelligible praise were barrelling out of John’s mouth. The old mattress creaked and moaned underneath them. John’s hand flew over Sherlock, who was gasping in pleasure, repeating John’s name like a deity’s.
He wanted John by his side, always. Had wanted that since the day he’d shot the cabbie for him. He wanted to sit on the sofa with him, pretending not to notice John’s fingers slowly inching their way into his curls. He wanted John back in 221B, breathing life back into the stale walls. He wanted to have a domestic then make up with an embrace, without worry that John would leave him. He wanted to be a part of Watson’s life. He wanted to wrap his arms around an apron-wearing John over a steaming pot of risotto and kiss until it burned. He wanted to replace his rendezvous with this pastiche Mind Palace puppet with the experience of the real thing. He wanted this like he’d never known want before.
At this, Sherlock slipped a fraction off the countertop, knocking the faucet enough to drip. He rushed clumsily to shut it off, righting himself. The display was so unlike him, the reaction triggered a deep memory. ‘
Yasmin chuckled. “I have to agree. That one’s on you, mate.”
There are some laughs from the congregation. He glances at Sherlock, who’s trying and failing to hold back a smirk.
“Yes, yes,” John groaned, shifting on the bed so he was laying next to Sherlock. He reached for his pants, pulling them down to his knees, exposing his full, heavy, gleaming erection. Sherlock eyed it hungrily, pulling John’s pants off the rest of the way.
John furrowed his brow.
Touch my soul, you know how
John nestled the gardenia where half of Rosie’s hair was tied in a twist. It fit beautifully. Rosie turned her head in three different directions to study its placement. “Delia did such a lovely job with my hair today, don’t you think?” John nodded wordlessly, taking a mental freeze frame of the two of them in the mirror, Rosie done up to the nines and smiling like a face from the past. Nostalgia gripped him in a chokehold. He had to blink back a few tears.
“Sher!” Rosie bangs her beaker on the table impatiently and attempts to echo the bee buzzing, spitting to get Sherlock’s attention again.
Sherlock rolls his eyes playfully. “Obviously. It’s you, touching me.”
“I’m in the supply closet,” he said, and he heard a soft exhale from John, “looking for the poison.” He threw a dusty flannel on the floor. The thought of John joining him was tempting, but it was already half two in the morning. The man had a wedding to attend tomorrow, and he had responsibilities-- whatever it was fathers did at weddings.
“I wuv you!” Rosie agrees.
John paused his ministrations. “That’s up to you. What do you want?” He met his eyes, and they were so open and trusting that Sherlock felt his own eyes start to shine. “You have me. I want anything, everything with you. You could tell me you want me hanging upside down from the rafters, and I’d start climbing.”
For it being the truth, the answer hurt more than it should have. But it didn’t feel like the whole truth. Even before Sherlock stepped off the roof, their friendship seemed to cross an invisible line between friends and romantic partners (not that Sherlock had much to compare it to).
About an hour later, after cleaning themselves and laying with each other, kissing lazily, basking in the after-glow of powerful orgasms, John gave into his stomach and suggested they make something for dinner.
isn’t. It’s important to me that you know that.” John reached for Sherlock’s hand.
Daddy’s eyes roamed up to the sky, like he was remembering something. Someone. He was so distracted, Rosie shifted on his leg and nearly toppled the both of them over, along with his half-empty glass of water. Daddy’s reflexes were sharp, and thankfully, he caught her and the cup just before they spilled over. “Careful, Rose!” he huffed, righting the glass on the desk in front of him.
“‘Just’, is a,
He sorted through bottles of bleach and cans of insect repellent for hints of arsenic while John rattled off the details of Stella’s survival on the phone. They were keeping her in hospital overnight, but if she seemed rested by the morning, she and Watson were going to move forward with the wedding, with all the guests already here and arrangements made.
He was out of the room before she could ask another question.
The door clicked behind the sound of Stella’s “Love you.”
Sherlock’s eyes darted over John’s face, no doubt looking for something in it to question. John hoped he was giving his most earnest expression, because he meant it. Jesus, he meant it.
Like Holmes in The Empty Hearse
“I love you, too, Watson,” he softly kisses her forehead.
John closed his eyes and inhaled. “You smell so delicious after a shower.”
Stella tilted her pointy chin in Dad’s direction, and the light played off her jawline like a natural sharp. “Your dad’s smiling at his mobile like a teenager.”
Sherlock’s responses to John’s deductions, often
“Yes.”
Mycroft Holmes 6:02pm
She caught him staring. “Don’t worry. If I have anything to do with it, it’s all going to get done. I run a tight ship,” she said.
John shut his mouth and opened it again, but no sound came out.
Sherlock was lucky she trusted him, otherwise she might have been putting to use some of those self-defense skills from the classes Dad made her take ages ago. She flicked on the light, shrouding him in a sharp white glow.
The image of John imagining Sherlock doing this to him was a powerful aphrodisiac. Sherlock couldn’t stand the extra fabric barrier anymore, and he managed to pull John’s jeans and pants down between strokes and kisses (with some struggle).
Two, in Colombia
Rosie placed her hand atop his where it was resting on her shoulder. “I’ve loved the life we’ve had together, Dad.”
were thread through the very fabric of John’s psyche. That night, he knew. Sherlock had laid himself bare for every guest in attendance, and even now, John couldn’t bear the judgment of his own perceptive ceiling reflections. Every wedding he’d attended since his own had been unbearable.
god yeah. God, yes. So good, Sherlock. You feel so good.”
John studies Rosie’s gold curls, her bright, curious eyes, her Watson nose. Where he used to see Mary, he instead sees Harry. “She does.”
In a constant state of questioning his single parenting abilities, he’d wanted to give her every opportunity for success. When Rosie started to show impressive promise as a musician, he’d received a pamphlet in the post for an elite fine arts boarding school outside of London. Within weeks of her audition, she’d received a generous full-tuition scholarship funded by an anonymous donor that year. John had his suspicions about the involvement of a certain official in the British government, but he hadn’t questioned it. Rosie had been ecstatic, and John reluctantly sent her away to the English countryside to school.
Completely breathless, sweaty, and defeated, John slid down the wall outside of the hotel and held his head in his hands. He had found Diana beyond saving, he knew, but it was never easy to feel like he had failed a patient.
“Xiaowen. Hello,” he offered.
as John gave him a light smack on the arse. “Hey!” John chided, and the rush of heat to Sherlock’s cheeks at the touch was...surprising. “Careful what you go telling people about my
“I bought a ring for you,” John said, opening it to reveal a basic, clean, platinum band. Sherlock’s mind raced. There was no way John would have had a chance to buy a ring in the last few hours- was this entire affair pre-orchestrated?
“I was only pretending to be you, John. It was mindless. No need to thank me, or feel stupidly guilty.” His cheeks are burning. He’s been caught red-handed.
“Truly, Clara- I don’t want it. Please take it. Move in tonight, for all I care. At the very least, I owe you this.”
John pulled back, turning to the crowd with a possessive arm wrapped around Sherlock’s waist. He felt like he’d won the Tourist Trophy races. He looked to Rosie, who was using a part of her veil to wipe away happy tears.
“Xiaowen was hiding,” Sherlock finished. “She knew it was you and told you I was in the closet. But she didn’t want to get out of the tight space until she was sure they weren’t coming back.”
“If you need anything, just let me know,” Jacqueline said, her too-sweet voice sticking to John’s ears like molasses. He needed her hand off his shoulder immediately. “I’ll be at the ceremony.”
“And if any of you are here just for the free food, well, honestly, I can’t blame you. Harry would probably want you here the most.”
“You’re mad,” John muttered, his pulse still rapid and breathing labored. John turned over to kiss him, slow and lazy. “I love you.”
The mobile was on speaker, and Amy answered, “喂 (
The kettle boils. Sherlock busies himself with making the tea. John leans against the counter, watching Sherlock’s quick, practiced process. John stares at Sherlock’s hands as he stirs sugar into his own cup. His fingers are long and delicate, the ones on his left hand with slight, permanent indents from the violin. John aches to feel them on his body, in his mouth.
A loaded question.
“____ the ____” (often, slangily)
He makes it to Baker Street with ten minutes to spare. He and Rosie are to stay at 221B for the next two nights- they can actually walk to the service venue from there. John’s not sure if that was entirely unintentional.
Sherlock’s arms wrapped around John’s shoulders, his touch hesitant and feather light. He smelled so achingly familiar, the scent alone made John’s head spin. He tried to sneak his nose closer to Sherlock’s collar without being dreadfully obvious, to the exposed skin there. He was all posh lotion and Iranian takeaway and sweat and faint chemical residue. After ten years, the mixture was still rather intoxicating.
but the only verbalizations he could manage with John’s hand around his cock were strings of unintelligible noises.
One who says IOU, e.g.
Jacqueline scrambled to show him to the closet, where a woman, presumably in her 60’s, lay unconscious on the floor. Her skin was red and swollen. John kneeled down on the hard lino, trying to feel for a pulse. He felt nothing, but by the looks of it, she hadn’t been that way for long. He could try to revive her. With a decided huff and a flex of his fingers, he started chest compressions.
“Yes, love?”
Right! Sherlock. Sherlock was here, on the Isle of Man. In his bedroom, in bed with him. He couldn’t help but let out a satisfied hum at the unbelievable luck that had gotten him into this new arrangement. John stretched leisurely, taking in the sight of Sherlock’s long, lean body wrapped in his sheets (most of the sheets, actually- the bastard had pulled them off of John’s chest during the night) and smiled.
Scrambling, John reached for the nightstand, only to pull out an entirely empty, ancient bottle. He had to physically stop himself from throwing it across the room.
His stomach grumbles, and he realizes he’s starving. He hasn’t eaten much in the last few days, having completely lost his appetite in his grief. He doesn’t want to face Sherlock, yet, but he needs to eat. In the end, his stomach wins out. He decides he’ll have to face Sherlock eventually, and better to do it now, when Rosie’s asleep, than to do it in the morning when that could be bloody awkward.
Rosie smiled, turning around on the stool to meet him face-on. “You don’t look half-bad yourself, Dad,” she winked.
Where’d you go?
As always, you can find me on tumblr @disfictional! Comments and other fic recs are much appreciated.
“I’m not
“Oh, lord.” Sherlock’s face dropped, and John had to wonder what he was missing about this exchange.
In the shower, under scalding hot water, John’s back was pressed flush against Sherlock’s torso. His cock rested just above John’s arse, and it was extremely interested in the proceedings. When he had imagined sex with John, he had always envisioned John fucking him. He pictured being on his knees face down in a carpet, John pounding into him from behind. Or riding John’s lap on the 221B sofa. Or begging for it in an alley after a particularly invigorating case. His subconscious had deduced that these were the most likely scenarios, thus they became his fantasies. And he was certain he would still
He nodded, chin pointing toward the door. They stepped out of the car together, and all heads turned to look. She might have noticed on the periphery of her attention that Elaine’s cheeks were already stained with tears, Aunt Harry was snapping photo after photo, and Dad was stiff as a soldier, but her eyes were fixed on Stella.
Rosie gulped. A sudden ball of panic lodged itself in her throat, and she fought hard to swallow. Dad placed a steadying hand on the small of her back. “Okay?” he asked, concern showing in the lines between his eyebrows.
“You know him?”
Xiaowen shook her head. “That’s impossible.”
The car went silent. Stella’s disappointment was palpable, even though Rosie was most decidedly avoiding eye contact. After a few charged moments, Stella spoke, keeping her tone surprisingly even. “You could’ve asked him.”
“Scotch, please.”
1:15pm
, John
She got up to fill the kettle, but to her dismay, the tap wasn’t working. She went into the loo to try the sink, and nothing. The shower wouldn’t turn on. How was she supposed to get ready for the rehearsal dinner tonight without running water? She even searched for a complimentary bottle of water, and found nothing.
It took seven minutes before the response came. Sherlock had texted during a conversation at the lunch table, then. One of the nurses. The ginger one, probably. John couldn’t help playing into social niceties, but he’d be much better company later if he took the lunch break to eat alone.
He wanted family history, then, but she didn’t have any gossip where that topic was concerned. Did Sherlock know something she didn’t? “Not much, but I know her dad died when she was young. It was one of the ways we connected.” This much was true. Having a partner with a similar life experience as defining as growing up with a dead parent had been therapeutic for both of them.
Wandering mindlessly out of the cafe, he didn’t notice that he had followed his old route from St. Bart’s to the nearby newsagent until his feet had carried him there. He paid for an issue of the Times, and leafed through some depressing political headlines, sports news with the latest football results, and the register before getting to the good bit: the crossword, an anonymous submission edited by David Parfitt. That was a bit odd, but the theme, “Laboratory Findings” perked him right up.
A big thing or a small?
Rosie nodded, turning to Elaine and Yasmin in the backseat, decidedly avoiding Stella’s disapproving gaze. “The
51. John often gives and receives it in E-rated fic
John kissed him sweetly. “Shame,” he chuckled against his lips.
“John.” Sherlock blinked down at him, saying the name as if he’d never said it before.
Stella had gestured with her chin over to the group she’d been sitting with. “My one friend thinks you have a boyfriend. Another thinks you have a girlfriend. I think you’re single.”
John Watson took a long, scalding sip of his earl grey, closing his eyes. He slid his hand across the thick newspaper to flatten it. The graininess of the paper felt soothing on his skin, the black pen smooth between his fingers. He looked forward to Sundays, when he could sit down with the Times crossword. He had never been one for puzzles before-- not written ones, anyway-- but in his climbing years, John found the grids to be small sources of unexpected joy. Completing a crossword puzzle felt like solving a mystery, without the melodrama (
He says it like it’s the most obvious thing in the world, and John supposes, it is.
“Never can be too careful, I’m afraid,” Sherlock dismissed a touch coldly, pulling gloves over spidery fingers. He looked at John expectantly. “Are you joining me?”
She would make a perfect partner for this case.
48. Sherlock M-theory writer’s acronym (poss.)
“Did you ever think to consult me?”
Sherlock smirked like he knew John would get there eventually. John wanted to taste it. “I told you I was invited.”
“Let’s go to bed,” John suggests, his voice especially husky from the emotional toll of the last day.
Sherlock smirked and waved a dismissive hand. “It was harmless flirting.”
he imagines her cheering.
John ran a hand through Sherlock’s hair, straightening the frustrated pieces over his forehead, careful not to disturb the bandage. He looked like he was about to say something, ask something, but he was interrupted by what sounded like a detonation of 16,000 explosives.
He took in the delicious sight of John in his bespoke suit, and Sherlock’s body was saying he’d like him any way that involved immediacy. But they’d done that already, ten years ago- the fast, hard, mindless shagging. His mind wanted to savor this, wanted the sensory experience of being surrounded by John’s things and his life for the last twenty years as he studied the intricacies of John’s mouth movements as Sherlock teased him. He wanted to drown in John Watson as he gave his body to him.
Elaine’s face lit up in the rearview mirror, wordlessly urging Stella to open it. Stella tensed. “Are you sure about this, Rosie? This is John’s private stuff. It was packed away for a reason.” Stella only called Dad by his first name when she disagreed with what Rosie was saying about him. This time was no different.
John sighed. He was cracking. “We don’t have to decide now, yeah? Let’s keep both places for now, and we’ll work something out. Maybe we can go between.”
An hour later, the plane was coasting over eastern Russia, John was snoring, and Sherlock was blasting Tchaikovsky in his AirPods. Halfway through the third movement of the violin concerto, John did something miraculous. In a movement as smooth as Tchaikovsky’s third, John’s head slumped onto Sherlock’s shoulder.
John doesn’t know how to begin answering that.
Hotel lobbies at three in the morning tended to take on an otherworldly quality; footsteps echoed and the vending machine hummed too loudly, the ever-present outside lighting pretended not to notice the complete darkness surrounding it, and hypnotic nature programmes looped endlessly on the telly. Tonight, the empty expanse of the Crown’s was no exception.
God, how he envied her. John briefly fantasized about marching over there, grabbing the phone, and yelling at Sherlock about forcing Molly to do his bidding- just to start a row, to force Sherlock to fight back. There had always been such an instinctual element to fights with Sherlock that John missed. Craved, even. Like dancing, they both knew and secretly loved the moves, but indulging in it felt like a breach of an unspoken contract between them. They were liberating. Their fights had been intense and charged and complex and
She put her hand on his shoulder in what was supposed to be a comforting gesture, but John had to resist the urge to jerk away. Sherlock was watching the whole thing with a hard-to-read expression that was somewhere between analytical and amused. John ran his tongue over his bottom lip trying to parse it out.
“What are you planning to do with it?” John asked.
. Molly had too, apparently. After this morning, he and Sherlock were hovering in a claustrophobic middle space, where John couldn’t miss him as a friend or want him as a lover. He longed for the days when their roles were predetermined, when he and Sherlock and Molly and Greg and Mrs. Hudson had little Christmas parties together, a faux family unit in another lifetime.
When he knocked, Yasmin opened the door, dressed in a soft green pantsuit with full makeup and a styled updo, a classy upgrade from her usual clay-stained rompers. But, he supposed, his morning suit was a far cry from his typical ripped jumper and jeans.
Sherlock blinked, and John had a feeling he was coming out of his mind palace. “Where’d you go, just there?” John softened a bit, “You know you don’t have to do this if you-“
“Oh, but your arse is.” She craned her neck to try to catch a glimpse, and he nearly spit out a mouthful of wine.
The buzz was starting to go to her head, the room becoming fuzzy at the edges. “Dad, I’m getting married tomorrow. We’re moving to London for my music. I worry about you here, alone,” she said, with the echo of an age-old memory. This was all much more than she had intended to say.
A popular tumblr aesthetic
15. 221B’s kitchen when it’s full of dishes, say
“Excellent.”
could’ve been your best man. Dumb thought, I know, but—”
The shocking part was seeing someone
Sherlock smirks and goes back to his little performance for Rosie, sneaking appreciative glances at John in between bites.
He gestured for Sherlock to join him under the arch, offering his hand. Sherlock only blinked in reply, making no move to join him.
32. Dublin-born Total Wipeout co-host Amanda
“It’s a bit awkward, but he told me about Harry’s assets.” John perks up. He always knew Harry was financially comfortable- she was a lawyer, after all- but if Mycroft was getting involved, there has to be a feature of interest. It
On Friday morning, John is grateful to wake up on time (honestly, he’s grateful to wake up at all). He’s been having trouble sleeping without a drink, so Sherlock suggested Rosie sleep with him last night. It helped. It wasn’t the most restful night of sleep, but he got a few hours in. He considers it progress.
sign.
John gave Sherlock a nod on the way out the door. “Bye bye, Sh’lock!” Rosie shouted gleefully.
He sat in the Chinese restaurant across the street from the Lucky Cat Emporium. John was across the table, making terrible use of the chopsticks. Sherlock studied the menu- printed inside were not Chinese food items, but useful Mandarin phrases. He read them aloud to Mind Palace John, who was satisfyingly impressed. Sherlock’s spoken Mandarin was decent, but his reading and writing still needed quite a bit of work before he could be deemed fluent. Plus, Taiwan used traditional characters, which were more involved than the simplified characters he’d become familiar with when Mycroft sent him to do some investigative work in mainland China after university. He’d only been to Taiwan once before, on short holiday after said investigative work.
John’s eyes warily shifted between the cup and Sherlock, but he ultimately reached for the cup.
11. Musicians need a good one
9. Fourth string, in sports
she knew.
John had to fight every natural instinct not to roll his eyes, or shout, or punch this man. His patients could be
“No. Sherlock.” John took his hands off his feet, and he instantly missed them. This business about the tea was ridiculous. “I want to
“Offering my felicitations,” Mycroft answered, dictating every consonant like they tasted sour in his mouth.
Rosie threaded a coiled strand through her fingers in disgust. “Daddy, I can’t go to school like this.”
The idea struck him like lightning. “I have a non-wedding gift for Stella and Watson.”
He stood, hovering over John sitting on his chair. John looked up with tears in his eyes. Sherlock inhaled a shaky breath. “I love you far more than I knew was capable for one person to love another. I love you so much it’s brought me back to life on more than one occasion. My mind is absolutely consumed by thoughts of you. I have an entire Mind Palace dedicated solely to you. I love you so much I want you here always.”
Sherlock’s eyes were wide and surprisingly sympathetic when he looked at him. “I think in this case, it can, John.”
56. Yoongi of BTS
He hurriedly gets ready, quickly shaving, pulling on the same suit he wore for Rosie’s christening with a black tie, putting Rosie in a cute purple dress and a nappy, and gathering their things. She’s being surprisingly cooperative. John can only hope the rest of the day goes the same way.
Doc genre (abbr.)
John hums. “Maybe a bit of that, too. I have another one for you: turn around.” Sherlock rushes to adjust himself so he’s on his stomach.
Mrs. Liu straightened her posture and stepped forward with grace, pushing Sherlock aside with just a glance. Dad raised his eyebrows, impressed. Mrs. Liu looked striking in a tasteful olive green dress, an expression of perfect composure across her features.
“You can call me anytime, you know.” Dad wore a sort of sad smile that nearly brought tears to her eyes in her current state.
Sherlock considers. He’s looking to the window, a glossy glow in his eyes from the streetlamp. He’s beautiful, and silent for a few, torturous minutes. John wonders if he’s in his mind palace.
“My friends have a bet,” Stella had said, sipping a pint.
“I don’t know. He says he does, but I don’t think I’m much help to him. I think maybe, I used to be. But now...”
Sherlock didn’t have to turn from the window to know that John was gaping. “Fate? Gosh, you’ve changed, then.”
knew- he couldn’t stay. John felt responsible, like somehow, he’d injected the drugs into Sherlock himself. He’d put Sherlock to bed, went upstairs, and made this journal in an absolutely manic state. He remembered an old army mate of his who had moved to the Isle after being discharged, and John googled
when Greg told him. “She should’ve come! It’d be lovely to see her.” He meant it. He certainly hadn’t been his best self toward the end of their friendship, and he missed her sweetness in his life.
In their post-coital state of blissful truth, Sherlock asked John to move in to 221B. “You can always call this your home, John,” he said.
“I want to taste you,” John said, and Sherlock grew impossibly harder. When John took him inside his mouth, his entire being went offline. He made a noise that was probably loud enough for the celebrators outside to hear.
“Saw Sherlock Holmes in the news last week,” Elaine cut in. “Solved some high profile art theft. He was intriguing, so I looked him up, and found your name. We thought, maybe,
He sped through the next across clues- PENUCHE, ECOTOURS, TSAR, ISMS.
Rosie drove to the Isle of Man airport in a cloud of anticipation. Stella, her wife-to-be, and some close friends from boarding school were flying in from London for the wedding.
John kissed him, and his lips said
It's been a year since I posted my first fic, 2 Down, 5 Across. As an anniversary-of-sorts, I've created a solvable crossword puzzle with a Sherlock theme as a companion piece.
Sherlock closes his eyes and groans. “S-so good. I’m hard for you, John.”
gave me a Christmas present,” Xiaowen said, exaggerating Mycroft’s ridiculously posh name in an appalling British accent, “He’s giving me a generous grant to open a facility to further research the effects of the tea and grow more strains.”
“I feel like a bloody teenager again. When you walk in the room, all I can think about is how to get your clothes off.”
John smiled into his lips. “That gives me an idea.” John glanced to the bathroom suggestively.
John grunts. “Today’s...Thursday?”
Rosie rolled her eyes, at the comment or the kissing, John couldn’t be sure. “Trust me, you’re not going to want to burn this.”
“Lick your lips.”
the experiment, then?” Sherlock drew out the name, and John instantly stepped backwards hearing it. Why the hell was Sherlock bringing up
The game is on again
The name meant nothing to Rosie, but a few noises of shocked acknowledgement emerged from the crowd.
Rosie beamed, and nodded her approval. It was all he needed to proceed.
In reality, it had been a lot messier than the public had been led to believe. But that was the nature of reality, he supposed. He rubbed at the scar below his eye, which had healed a bit in five years, but would never heal completely. Sometimes he made a joke about being Al Capone reincarnate. People usually laughed out of pity. He hated when they did that.
“See what?” Sherlock managed, shocked he was able to follow even the simplest line of conversation in this state, with the edges of John’s lips grazing his like that.
Sherlock bristled. His jealousy had been founded.
As the woman came closer (his eyes weren’t what they used to be), Sherlock’s stomach dropped in recognition. With the whir of events this morning, he hadn’t yet begun investigating the suspicious case of Stella Moran.
John was looking at him as if this should’ve pieced together all the pieces of a giant puzzle, but it didn’t. It didn’t make sense. “John, you did. Don’t lie to me,” he said, his voice quiet and pleading. This was cruel.
The grey beginnings of dawn were peeking through the windows of the flat, and Sherlock guessed it had to be just past 5. Sleep tugged at him, but he desperately needed a shower. On his way to the bathroom, his feet inexplicably pulled him to the kitchen table, and with a cursory glance over the mess that lay there, he remembered. He had received a letter the day prior, in the thick of the case, and hadn’t paid it any mind, tossing it haphazardly into the pile of used cups, petri dishes, and crime scene photographs that decorated the table. But something about the piece of mail must have tugged at the edges of his attention, because he felt drawn to it now. It was odd. No one sent physical letters for cases anymore, unless, perhaps, a criminal was trying to send him anthrax. Intrigued, he turned the thin, white envelope over in his hands.
12. Words before distance or disadvantage
Mrs. Liu closed her eyes, the first hint of a crack in her composure. “Lord Moran was my ex-husband.”
Sherlock indulges her with a bit of buzzing, and John catches the end of it with a quick kiss. “Zzzzzzmm.”
actually read a few of John’s blog posts. Some of the older ones.” John puffs up at that. Sherlock smirks.
“You’ll find a flannel and a dressing gown in the cabinet, and you’re more than welcome to use any of my bath products,” Sherlock instructed as he danced around the marble sink with ease, grabbing bubble bath and shampoo and body wash he deemed most suitable for John’s tastes. And if Sherlock leaned over to search through the lower cabinet for just a moment too long, accentuating his long legs and arse in those jeans, John pretended not to notice. What John really wanted was to push Sherlock up against the sink and kiss him senseless.
“Why did you deny it?”
“Yes, well, maybe the customary Taiwan hospitality is getting to me. Come here,” he gestured to John, putting his arm around his shoulders for the photo. John stiffened, but after a moment, leaned into the touch, sliding his own arm around Sherlock’s waist.
He smiled, admiring his handiwork. “Perfect.”
83.8 cm is how tall Rosie is when John finds out Harry Watson has been seriously injured in a car accident.
It’s often quite high in fanfic
It was no wonder the man was drinking himself to sleep every night.
Sherlock nodded. “You don’t know the half of it.”
“Really, Sherlock. I want to be wherever you are. I’ve had enough of missing you.” John squeezed his hand.
Enola breaks it?
Yasmin cheered. Stella stiffened, just a fraction as to go unnoticed by their friends. Not by Rosie, though.
John pulled back. The changing colored lights flashed against his face, illuminating his eyes and his deathly facial structure. He was so damn beautiful. John wanted him (god he wanted him so badly, more than anything), but the last thing he wanted was for Sherlock to feel pressured, to play a role for him. Just because they signed a marriage license today didn’t mean they had to do things the traditional way. They were far from traditional. Hell, even the way they got married strayed far from the path of normalcy.
good,” John rolls his hips again.
without you.”
“Stella?” Rosie asked as she pulled away to see what was the matter, but the weight of her slumped even further. Stella’s eyes were closed, her limbs heavy, unresponsive.
“My wedding. You basically planned the whole sodding thing. Why?” John’s grip turned to stone on the antique chair across from Sherlock’s.
John cleared his throat, a subtle push to the objects and people in the dimension around him to get moving.
Sherlock returned his gaze to the glass of the microscope, but John couldn’t resist the bait. “Exceptionally lucky, in fact.” He moved closer, leaning his chest over the table, resting his chin in his hand. He ran his tongue over his bottom lip, and Sherlock’s fingers over the magnifier froze. “Exceptionally,
Sherlock turns so he’s facing John. He’s all swollen lips, mussed hair, pliable body, gentle eyes. John thinks of Clara’s expression from this morning: “
“God, it’s like nothing’s changed,” said a familiar voice, the one belonging to the hand on his shoulder.
, John,” Sherlock whispered, trying to contain his excitement. “The tea made you
John said no.
John ran a hand through his hair, and Xiaowen leaned forward, interested. “I know it sounds impossible, but I’m fairly positive I’ve drank this tea before.”
“Rosie’s not the type to make enemies. You would know, you’ve met her.” John took another bite. “And Stella...I can’t say I know her well. I know her father died when she was young- he was some sort of posh diplomat. The girl comes from serious money.”
with one last thrust, Sherlock coaxed his climax out of him, razor-sharp and intense. His cock pulsed into Sherlock, and it was singularly the best sensation he’d ever had the pleasure of feeling.
Sherlock physically recoiled, as if putting distance between himself and the message deliverer would lessen the impact of her words.
Rosie: https://imgur.com/a/nEarsph
John shook his head vigorously. “No. Never. It was never like that.”
“Dad!” Rosie’s voice was breathy and panicked. He could hear machines and monitors in the background, and his pulse quickened. “It’s Stella. She collapsed at the club. We’re in an ambulance now on the way to Noble’s.”
Sherlock pushed the microphone into Dad’s chest. “Tell her,” he pleaded, and Dad’s exhale sounded like it had been pulled out of him. “It’s time.”
Sherlock nodded.
Of course, Molly was curious about what she had seen that night. But she needed to be careful with her words. She had known John to be a very defensive man.
As a pharmacist, Xiaowen was an extremely precise and fast worker, and so were many of her colleagues. But no one she had ever worked with was as efficient as M. They were a complete enigma, and though they often drove her mad with all the checking-in, Xiaowen was completely obsessed. M was utterly fascinating.
His first thought when his brain caught up to his body was this:
“What do I smell like?” Sherlock knew exactly how he smelled.
Sherlock stood up to open it- to his surprise, it was Xiaowen with a few bags of fried food.
Sherlock brought the tea to his lips. Too much sugar. The sweetness lingered too long on his tongue before Mycroft responded, his entire frame somehow becoming even more stiff and businesslike. Sherlock smiled- he knew he’d won.
38. “If I had to ____ that face, I’d avoid his nose and cheekbones, too.”
“Okay?” John asked, carefully sliding in and out, in and out once Sherlock seemed to adjust.
John frowned. “Me, or the other me?”
He’d lost Sherlock far too many times already, and for whatever reason, he was back, within John’s grasp. And even, he conceded, even if Sherlock didn’t want him forever, John would settle for having Sherlock for this day. Hopefully, by the end of it,
Xiaowen was eager to get off this cramped train, but took the opportunity to admire the view through the small window behind her. It was peaceful, nostalgic- the complete opposite of her inner chaos. Was she doing the right thing? She trusted M, had trusted them wholeheartedly for years, but should she? She didn’t even know their name.
There were speeches,
Sherlock sat on the toilet seat as John pulled a first aid kit from his bag. He placed it on the luxe marble sink and meticulously began taking out various supplies: antibacterial ointment, gauze, tape.
“I like it when you do that,” Sherlock said. No no no. He didn’t mean to say that. The way the effect of the tea on his brain seemed to pull at his mouth was fascinating.
John and Sherlock reluctantly break from their private moment. Sherlock settles back into his cool persona. John settles on the armrest. “What do you mean?” he asks.
“God, yeah. I just, I love you, Sherlock.” He kisses him again, and Sherlock runs his hands through John’s increasingly grey hair. All John’s life, sex had preempted love. But based on his limited experience so far, the love-then-sex thing is pretty unbeatable. He feels like he’s floating.
“Want you,” Sherlock moaned, and the words went straight to John’s groin.
His fingers ran over the text on the page. John leaned in to kiss him, to validate the words from Sherlock’s lips. “Me, too, Sherlock,” he whispered. It was true for both of them, deteriorating from the effort of not loving each other. “Me, too.”
, he wants to hear that again. He rolls his hips once, twice more, and Sherlock effectively collapses into him. John can feel him growing harder.
Sherlock growls, dropping the blank facade. “You can’t say what you said at your sister’s funeral, either!” He runs a hand through his hair and turns away from John. Passersby are staring, and the wet patch on John’s collar is widening, cold water mixing with sweat. When Sherlock turns back, his eyes are dark, and his tone is unforgiving. He grabs John by the lapels. “Do it now, John.”
“I wish…” John sighed, continuing with the buttons, not meeting Sherlock’s eyes. “I wish I had been strong enough to stay to change your mind, back then. I feel like I’ve missed out on so many years of this. Of you.” He looked up. “Of loving you properly.” He pulled the unbuttoned shirt over Sherlock’s shoulders, and he shrugged out of it, unable to break eye contact.
Sherlock rose to the bait. He stood, making John look up at his increasingly ominous figure. When Sherlock spoke, his voice was cold and even. It thrilled and terrified John in equal measure. “Do you not remember, John, that
A movie montage reel of her childhood and teen years flashed in her mind’s eye; an alternative timeline.
. It sounded like
Here's a mini chapter for you before another late-week update!
“不好意思 (Bu hao yi si),” she muttered, annoyed at the woman pushing into her with seemingly no sense of personal space.
“Sherlock?” John asked again, audibly annoyed at the lack of response. This was not the kind of John he wanted to plea with to join him on this case. He wanted warm John, curious John, nostalgic John, even snarky John- anything was better than irritated
Sherlock stepped over the coffee table, shoving into Mycroft on his way to the kitchen. Tea.
).” Sherlock held his breath. When Xiaowen pressed “cancel,” he released it.
Rosie tried the doorbell again, but no sign of movement. Stella checked her watch. “We’re a few minutes early, I suppose.” This was the big day: move-in day to 221A. The two of them each had a suitcase and a backpack they could take on the tube, and the rest of their things were coming tomorrow with the movers (Rosie’s musical equipment took up most of that real estate). They looked daft, standing outside of the flat with a good portion of their belongings, Rosie singing happy birthday to an absent birthday-haver.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Probably another half hour or so,” she estimated (quite incorrectly).
John hid his face in Sherlock’s chest, his shoulders betraying a chuckle. Sherlock started to worry he’d betrayed his lack of relationship experience, making him less desirable, but when John looked up, his blue eyes were shining, his entire face lit up with warmth. “I love you so much, you know that?” John said, cupping Sherlock’s face and kissing him with renewed fervor.
Sherlock looked down, then back at John, and raised an eyebrow. John snapped out of it, and he reached for anything to say. “And you...well, you look, um, good, too.” He licked his lips.
It didn’t take long for him to feel that tight ball of pleasure coming to a head, and he grabbed onto John’s hair in warning. John pulled off, catching bits of his release in his mouth, some on his chin. Sherlock greedily blocked the shower spray to deliberately stop the water from washing it off.
Sherlock was so distracted by the relief in his feet that it took him a moment to realize that John was asking him about the case.
If he didn’t intervene in the next thirty seconds, they risked someone else walking into this lobby, and that could further derail and distract. He swiftly broke apart from John’s grasp and took his hand. “Excuse us, Watson, but if anyone disrupts my plan to have my husband in a compromising position within the next hour, I bear no responsibility for what happens to them.”
“Shh, Watson. Daddy’s okay. Daddy’s okay,” Sherlock soothes, rocking her. Watching the display soothes John a bit, too. “Your daughter is remarkably perceptive of human emotion,” Sherlock says once Rosie has quieted, only moments later.
“Not even in the bedroom?” Sherlock asks cheekily.
“No, I can tell when you genuinely enjoy someone’s company. You think she’s interesting.” John’s fingers are giving Sherlock a full-on scalp massage, now.
On the fourth day, John is hungover and bone-tired. He wakes just past noon to Sherlock in the sitting room typing furiously on a laptop- whether it’s his or Sherlock’s, John can’t tell. He doesn’t care. Sherlock stops briefly to scan John’s body, and returns to typing. John rubs his face, embarrassed, feeling the rough stubble on his chin. He knows he’s been an absolute arsehole. John stops into the kitchen to make coffee, and sees a pile of glass in the bin that triggers a vague flashback to last night: there’s shouting, glass breaking, and Sherlock stripping him and putting him into bed. John’s cheeks burn.
