“Did you seriously need more than half an hour to find the courage to say that?” Deep down, he knew that Steve wouldn’t fall for the bait, that he wouldn’t get angry and drop the entire subject in favour of calling him out on his general assholeness. It still unnerved him when it didn’t happen.
The young man continued to smile, clearly not bothered by how much he was getting on Steve’s nerves. “Ah, no thanks. The old bastard is going to find a way to pin this on me, no matter what you say. We’ll just have to suffer through this - you, not wanting me here and me, not wanting to spend 6 weeks with you. It’s going to be a great time.”
. “I’ll just…” Tony let his words trail off as he realized that he didn’t know where he was going with them. What did you say to someone you had nearly gotten killed? ‘It won’t happen again’?
He shrugged. “Dunno. New house, unfamiliar surrounding. It’s probably gonna take a few days for me to warm up to this.” The quiet but ever-present classic music was still playing in the background, giving every word he uttered a dramatic effect. “You sure that everything’s fine though?”
The longer he stared into the deep oceans that were Steve’s eyes, the more he felt the glare on his face melt into nothingness until all that remained was a soft smile. The blue pools staring back at him widened slightly upon realizing. Tony opened his mouth, ready to say something - when his foot caught itself in a jutted out root and made him trip.
The words are cut short when Steve’s eyes land on the object Tony is holding, his mouth still opened but no sound leaving it. He takes a step forward, hand reaching out even though he’s nowhere near enough to grab a hold of the polaroid. “Give me that.”
Only that he liked his grandmother - or, Tony was sure that he would have liked her if he’d ever met her. Moving on.
Steve wanted to argue, he truly did. He wanted to say that the assumption was nonsense and he was fine with continuing their technology lessons because god knew that he could use a couple more of those.
No word had been uttered for the past 40 minutes - so, no one could blame Tony for flinching when the man beside him started speaking out of nowhere… and no one could blame him for flinching hard enough to steer the car into the opposite lane.
There was sleep in his eyes that Steve did his best to blink away as he walked through the house, towards the sound of Tony’s angry voice. He located it in the living room, where the man was pacing up and down, phone held to his ear.
Luckily, Steve decided to take charge of the situation. “It’s fine, Tony. I’m partly to blame as well.”
That was exactly the reason for Tony’s next words. “You know, it’s okay now.” He regretted the words as soon as they left his mouth. It broke the trance Steve was in, his eyes snapping open as he turned his head to look at Tony questioningly. “Alright, not
- did you really think I would have volunteered to be stuck with you for the entire summer? Time I could have spent with my friends or with people who share at least a few of my interests. No offence, of course.” Tony straightened his back and saluted. “God bless America.”
SHIELD had outdone themselves with this location. It was a beautiful little patch of land to live on, the lake complementing the house and trees surrounding it perfectly. Tony wouldn’t have minded if this was his home; without the added deadweight, of course.
Steve fucking Rogers, polite as ever, even in retreat. “Okay,” Tony whispered as he began to follow Steve back into the direction they had originally come from. His eyes were trained on the man’s back, not daring to stroll up to him to walk side by side. Steve clearly wanted some space and he’d grant him that.
“I—” Steve didn’t know how to continue. This was good… right? This was better than having to deal with a pissed off Tony Stark. “No, they were always blue,” was what he blurted out in the end. Becoming Captain America hadn’t improved his conversation skills. “Uhm, you can come in.”
But Howard had insisted, had told Steve time and time again that there were too many security risks in a crowded area like that. Apparently, Hydra still wasn’t finished and there was nothing they would love more than to take revenge on the man who had stopped their plan 50 years ago.
“I’ve never seen this model before.” Steve’s hand reached out to trail along the side of it. “Is it new?”
But they have each other by their side throughout all of it - and Tony wouldn’t trade the life he has right now for anything else. He smiles and Steves smiles back. That darkness in his face is there as always but in these moments, these few seconds of peace and quiet that only belong to them both, Tony likes to imagine that it’s only a distant scar that Steve has almost forgotten about. It's still they when you look closely but it doesn't hurt him anymore.
he had scoffed) and when that was thrown off the table, they insisted he signs papers that allow him to presume his role as the Avengers' consultant and as Iron Man under the condition of attending therapy sessions at least twice a weak. Tony had raised an eyebrow but signed nevertheless; not because he was going to do by what the papers say, but because he figured he can hack his way into convincing them he's (professionally) keeping it together. Not to mention how Fury did not leave room for negotiation when it came to fixing the arc reactor, and he figured that if he's going to give this whole life thing yet another chance, he might as well.
this fic is at a 100 kudos :') thank you so much!!! also, the encouraging comments have been helping me sooo much with the direction i wanna take with this fic, so thank you to everyone who's been leaving comments!! i look forward to them so much!!
The Avengers watched in horror as their consultant walked from one room to another breaking and tearing his way through it. They have never seen him like this before, and it unsettled all of them to no end. Bruce’s skin wore a green tint. The last time Natasha’s face was this distressed was during her days in the Red Room. Steve’s heart was clenching in fear and guilt. Clint was crying silently. Thor’s face was solemn and as collected as ever—he has seen this before, and he still didn’t know what to do.
“Oh, please. If you tell me some stupid shit like ‘what doesn’t kill you makes you stronger’ I will detach Dum-E’s arm just to hurl it at you.”
he reminded himself. For now, he smiled fondly at the genius as he smiled and giggled when Rhodey smeared melted pink glaze over his cheek.
The Avengers walk through the long, narrow hallways of the SHIELD facility. They are all protectively surrounding Tony, and it doesn’t put his mind at ease. His sense of paranoia is at an all-time high, and he’s anticipating the worst. It doesn’t make it any better for him to know that the man he’s about to interrogate is a Russian mad man. “Apparently, they are quite a diverse group,” Fury had explained. Natasha had told him to not worry if the man starts speaking in Russian, she would be in the comms of his earpiece translating his every word if so.
“Tony, please talk to us?” Steve says. Tony turns his head to look at him, and he takes his precious time to see him.
But the aroma of the food was too familiar to walk away from. It almost felt like a hug, and not just any hug, a hug from the British man who cared enough about the boy to keep him connected to his Italian roots; going as far as to teach Tony the Italian language since his mother was never around to do so.
But Tony’s eyes widened slightly as he looked over the shaking figure in his arms. “God, I’m sorry, Bruce. I never know how the Hulk would be like, but I should’ve known this new area would cause a few bumps along the road. I’m sorry, big guy,” Tony patted the man’s back. “But hey! We’re okay. Yeah, yeah, it’s concerning that Clint isn’t nesting in the vents yet, and I'm honestly a bit paranoid about that myself, but other than that, everything’s A-Okay. Right guys?” Tony said cheerfully and looked around him to see the tension plastered upon the Avengers’ faces.
A few minutes later, Tony walked into the room again to let Steve know that they need to get going, and it was right then and there that Peggy’s mind altered its vision on who was standing before her. “Anthony! My precious boy!”
“I don’t know if you realize, but you’ve become a problem. A problem I have to deal with,” Fury says as his voice escalates in volume, and Natasha get out of his frame of sight as he just listens to the incoming boring lecture.
“Duh. Who do I look like?” Tony said as he threw a flashcard Fury’s way. “JARVIS says it’s located somewhere in California. Whoever these guys are, they’re good. ‘Cause they’ve gone fully incognito and it’s giving my AI a hard time to get to the bottom of this.”
“Yeah, he was my friend. A really good friend. He was such a good man and he was one of the funniest people I have ever come across,” Steve said, his voice clad in reminiscence. Tony suppressed a wince yet again.
Tony let out a breath he didn’t he was holding as he walked through his lab one last time. He touched over everything he encountered. He kissed his bots and ordered them to go back to their stations to resume their sleep, but Dum-E was too stubborn and clingy and rebelled against his orders. He let out a breathless chuckle. “I really did put a piece of myself in you, didn’t I?”
“Tony, you’ve already done so much progress already. I know it’s hard for you to see that, but seriously. Look at you. Tony, a few months ago would you have even let me in your room and locked the door?”
However, as Tony started to sweat, he took his jacket off to expose the tight long-sleeved shirt he had been wearing underneath. It clung to the contours of his muscles quite well and Steve found himself staring in interest. Somehow, his ears grew hyperaware of every grunt, groan, and moan Tony let out. He blinked a few times and bowed his head down to get a grip on himself, but by the time he lifted his head up, Tony had peeled the long sleeved shirt off his body, and Steve's mind grew fuzzy as all it could think of is how good Tony looks in that black tank top. His muscles were glistening with sweat, his hair has travelled in all directions, and his body just kept moving.
“Obadiah got you drunk for all of us. You really remember none of it?” The man raised an eyebrow in amusement. “Not even the mornings after?”
Steve inhaled sharply at the words that rolled off the young kid’s tongue. Only ten years old at the time and already suicidal and depressed. He couldn’t help the tears that rolled off his cheek as he watched the British butler pull the sobbing kid into his embrace and rocking back and forth until the genius quieted down.
“Don’t worry. The double glass of the room will allow us to see everything from the outside,” Steve told him.
“Strawberry flavored frosting and sprinkles?” Tony looked up innocently at his best friend as if he was stood high on a pedestal.
“Try to drink all of this before working, okay?” Steve came up with a bottle full of green juice and left it off on the floor next to the working man.
He heard it out of Jarvis’ lips before the monitor screamed the flatline. He heard it from Yinsen before he took one last painful breath of dusty air. He heard it from Peggy’s red-less lips as he held onto her wrinkled hands.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to talk about it, I promise,” Clint whispered. “I don’t understand what triggers you and what doesn’t, but please please please if I ever bring up something that bothers you, tell me to shut up and I will.”
Steve got up to see the board as Clint’s jaw dropped to the floor and Natasha facepalmed. “How did that even happen?” Steve asked as he took a seat by the table to witness the game. Rhodey and Bruce got up to check it out, too.
Steve was dumbfoundedly taken aback, and he didn’t quite comprehend the question, which tugged on Tony’s nerves as he tapped against the glowing blue. When the seconds stretched on, Tony’s cheeks warmed up and the most breathtaking blush peppered along his cheeks. Steve was stunned, but then realized that the engineer before his eyes was falling apart and racking his mind for an escape of the awkward situation.
“You were almost a year clean off this shit. Quit bullshitting us, Tony. You were having a full-on panic attack. We had to put you out before you get a heart attack,” Natasha said sternly.
He gulped and nodded. He desperately needs something he can rely on to make him feel better. He can’t possibly rely on people all the time especially with his fear of becoming such a burden on them. He also was still working on his ongoing issue of the occasional fear of the Captain.
Pepper moved the phone away to sigh, “We have found documents of contracts signed between Obadiah and the same buyer regarding said branch. As CEO, I have received contracts that I now realize must have been fabricated by said organization regarding the renovation of the manufacturing company. The Double Division has gone fully incognito from there up until their recent attack on Gulmira. I can assure you and the public that Stark Industries and SHIELD are working to get to the bottom of this. This is much bigger than simple business trades.”
His visit from the afternoon had him ride a roller coaster of emotions, but none of them were necessarily negative. Sure, he had despised the moments in which Peggy confused Tony for Howard, but he knew it was out of her control. Still, he wanted to scream out that Tony is nothing like Howard. He was sweet and caring, nothing like the heartless machine he had once described him to be. He was kind, beautiful, and absolutely charming. Steve always felt safe around him no matter where they went. He was simply Steve’s haven. Steve hadn’t known he would come to have feelings for someone quite this intense. Here he was, either working his body out until it ached, or walking around the tower as what his team had called “a lost puppy,” which he figured was quite appropriate. He did feel lost and disoriented whenever Tony wasn’t around.
“This is not good for him. For his heart! We need to get him to stop,” Bruce’s voice cracked nervously.
“Ay. I meant no harm, however. I only meant to heal his head and rid him of the memories for the moment.”
However, the tape begged to differ. It took place in what looked like Tony’s room, though less Captain America posters decorated the walls. The date displayed on the corner of the screen told them that Tony was fifteen years old at the time. He was filming himself work on a complicated piece of technology for research purposes, before Howard interrupted the teenager’s moments of peace as he barged in. Amidst Tony’s violent flinch, the camera knocked over to prop straight on the desk to display Tony’s shaking figure turn towards the direction of his father, who was seething with a paper held in his hand.
Clint deadpanned. “You know what I mean, Rhodes. Natasha said that he locked himself out last year, and Ms. Potts says he does that every Christmas. So should we?”
Tony sighed. The genius had a lot on his mind—a lot of words and confessions that he wanted to rid his soul of. He never thought his mind wouldn’t panic upon the mere implication of being vocal about them, but now he was devoid of any feelings. He should be angry that everything’s been taken away from him: his childhood, his innocence, his sanity, his sleep, his health, his youth, his trust, the story of how he had lost those things, and everything that could have made him human. He should be sad that the man he loved and idolized is seen as nothing but a poster hung above his bed, and a threat. He wanted to answer his question:
“I don't.” Bruce said moving to grip the taller man by his arms. “I thank God everyday that you're breathing and even if you don't want to hear me say I won't stop. We had something...we still can.”
As predicted, both soldiers turned one kneeling don’t to retrieve the lighter. “You’ll need this.” The younger man said with a chuckle.
“What the fuck!” Tony stopped, both hands tugging at his hair as the shower cut on. He really needed to install that coffee maker in here like he's been meaning to. Caffeine might have calmed him down because right now he felt like someone had just torn out the reactor through his back. “Damn it Barnes! You said you were on this!”
There wasn't much that could leave Tony Stark speechless, but this... Loki looked bad. He was unwashed and looked as if he hadn't slept or eaten in days. He looked. Like a man who had given up.
“It’s…beautiful thank you.” Amora hesitated. To accept suck a token would ruin her plans. She had planned to create a spell for a servant girl and in exchange for the service; the girl agreed to try to seduce the young prince and allow Amora to ‘find them’. The enchantress would then use the incident to fall into hysterics and run to the arms of the kind elder brother for comfort. She had planned it to a tea, yet if she accepted this she would never be rid of Loki, she would be brought into his chambers and they would never be apart until they were wed. It would ruin her plans.
“Alright, I’ll try and get some shut eye …just; if you talk to Tony could you not make it sound like I’m helpless here? He doesn’t need that kind of distraction out in the field.” Steve pleaded. The last thing he wanted was for Tony to be too worried about what was going on at home and lose focus. The moment you lost focus was a moment the enemy could use to kill you.
“Yeah well, he's not. There's a lot of shit we haven't told anyone about and now its all coming back to bite us in the ass. I honestly don't know whats going to happen. He's...he's real bad off Tony. If I hadn't come back..well I'm just glad I did. You need to think about why you did this in the first place. Stevie and the kids.”
It didn’t take long for humans to come up with reasons to fight and kill one another. It wasn’t so much noble to die for a cause, but to make someone else die for theirs. Dead men did not win wars they only won honor. To the land walkers, this honor in sacrifice was only worthwhile if in the end the victor held the spoils. Land was still valuable even soaked in blood.
The pair of them continued through the common floor, Tony pointing out all the areas. He had really out done himself, “There’s also a gym just below this floor. All the basics and a few special things I cooked up for weapons testing.”
“A young lady from the agency just called.” Loki said, clutching the phone to his chest. “She sent images...of a little boy.”
The omega didn't comment either way on the name. Her ears only picked up on the clinking of cups and shuffle from the pantry.
“My appetite has not been as present lately. Things have been....difficult. I..I am not well.” It was so hard to admit that to someone – even a friend. Loki felt like saying it out loud made it all too real. It invited pity looks and too soft words of comfort. As if a few platitudes could somehow ease his broken spirit. Hearing someone say how sorry they were to hear, or how things will get better; just felt hollow. Thankful Kurt wasn't one of those people.
Now, Tony didn’t have a problem with the cost, hell he spent more than that on Sunglasses… (That were now prescription, he’d never tell anyone that though.) This was a little weird though.
Stark shakes his head and chuckles humorlessly. “That's just it, I'm pretty sure I have all new organs. Don't ask me how I know that other than the mess I left on that warehouse floor. As for the reactor...” He pauses and taps at his chest. “It seems to like it, smoothed out the scars...not sure about inside. I'm ...I'm not sure about anything right now.” His hands shake as they did those first few months after New York.
That was another thing that deserved mention, how good Steve looked in that suit. It took every ounce of will power Stark had not to drag the solider by his tie up to bed. Thankfully, propriety won out and Tony was the perfect gentlemen, ending the night by walking Steve off the elevator and to his own floor. They had a kiss good night that perhaps lingered a bit but did end.
Steve would never be comfortable if he dropped in public. So Tony kept his distance as they drove out of the city. Headed up state past the compound and to the old Stark estate.
Loki took the gem and searched for Amora, it had been a while since he’d seen her last. She was always so busy it seemed always something to do and somewhere to go. He caught a flicker of golden hair out of the corner of his eye in the bow of a sunken ship. Calling out to her seemed like a poor approach, he was not a child calling out for attention. Instead, Loki slipped between a rupture in the ship’s hull and found Amora arranging jars on a shelf. Once he was close, he noted what was with in them.
“Steven Grant Rogers you sit down!” Pepper lost her temper. “You’re worse than Tones you know that! I am sick of it, both of you need to realize it’s not just your lives in your hands. Now you do as I say and sit your ass down soldier!”
“Yeah I get that now, and if this is sleeping in I think I’ll stick with being an early riser.” Steve said, settling back into the bed.
She saw his hesitation, “I swear, just recon. We know the variables and I think we all know I could have handled this on my own.”
"I'm tellin ya it's true. Ya find one and fer the right trade they'll grant ya a wish. Hand to God!" The redhead claims as he crosses himself as if the simple gesture would make his words gospel.
The walk back from the village took some time, making the way on foot wasn’t easy for him. Steve had to stop along the way to catch his breath, his narrow chest rattling with each too deep breath. The last thing he needed was to be late making supper because his lungs refused to cooperate.
The three of them wonder what was really going on but no one wants to interfere in the business of others, especially the Barnes household. Even with time there was still something’s that remained untread waters. Despite Steve's insistence the Bucky was family and by extension his omega, and Thor confirming his brother better intention these days.
Coulson realized Loki might need to be stopped when a group of Hydra tried to swarm the omega. What they got was a lot worse than just a pair of daggers. Loki seems to grow almost animalistic, his face twisting into a snarl and eyes turning blood red. A Cobalt blue color began creeping up his hands and neck. Spires of ice shoot from the tips of the daggers, impaling the hydra agents to the ground.
All jokes aside, it was so good to be home after a long and tiring ordeal – also known as work. That wasn't to say that Tony wouldn't have volunteered for the business trip, he was being a good pack alpha and good friend when he told Pepper that he would handle things for SI while she was on leave; also, Natasha would skin him alive if he even thought about letting Pepper do his dirty work. So yeah, that was a factor as well.
If it was only just one thing, but it wasn't, was it? This shit pile they had some how managed to drown in was a whole lot worse than just one thing. The fact they never talked anymore, all the fights and petty arguments had been cropping up because it was too hard to sit down and find out what was really the matter. How many times had he just signed up for an op to be away for a few days? How many times had Loki volunteered to take some students out for a weekend retreat into nature?
Now I have to get through it. I just don't know if I'm strong eenough or I even deserve to be happy. I probably don't.
The brunette fell silent at the question, heeding the request to be an adult and not talk with his mouth full. “Nothing yet, Bruce headed down to the lab with that Scottish kid. Simmons is still in there though, no one will tell me anything.” Tony hung his head; he knew why they wouldn’t tell him. It wasn’t his business what was wrong. He wasn’t anything to Steve in the eyes of the law, just a boyfriend and it wasn’t like either of them had foreseen putting each other down as emergency contacts. Who would have thought anything like this would happen?
“No ones gunna make you do anything sweetie, come on now.” James held out his human hand in a peaceful gesture, “You trust me right?”
Steve walked out of the penthouse holding the baby. He had no idea what this was about, the film in question was a little farther down the list it seem.
If only someone had told the alien prince that midgardian women don't really need nor want a dead bilgesnipe laid out on their doorstep.
"I recognize it may not seem like much Bruce," Loki said with a shrug and soft smile as he showed the doctor out, "But what you have done means the world to me, to us. I thank you for that."
This wasn’t war, this wasn’t tactical and maybe that’s what made it difficult. Because Steve never was good at social situations, which had always, been Bucky’s thing. Steve would always stand off to the side and smile and try to make interesting conversation. Try being the operative word. Steve had a bad habit of just glowering with out realizing it, his face stringent some mildly irritated/pained resting state. Maybe it was because he’d spent so much of his life in pain that his expression slipped into it so easily. People often miss read his strict appearance for foul disposition or judgment these days.
Tony offered his best pout “That cuts deep Steve, really it does. How could I not visit my favorite veteran Popsicle in his time of need.”
Stark furrowed his brow and glared at the computer screens. “First one I can accept, the second one though...well that's just not true.”
Steve was more than ready for it all to be over. He wasn't exactly the crowds and toasting type, plus those furtive looks Tony kept shooting him all night long were defiantly not helping the situation.  When they left the penthouse earlier he couldn't keep his eyes of the man in that well tailored expensive suit. If there was one thing Tony did better than anyone - it was wear a suit.
The command coming from Tony was easy enough, stretching out his throat with the welcomed weight of the alphas palm shifting from his forehead over his eyes. The darkness and warm if the familiar hand seemed to tether him in the moment.
She was lying, she had to be lying ...except- Loki could read a lie from miles away and there was nothing but honesty in the redhead’s steady voice. Romanov believed he wasn't doing anything wrong, she was here because she wanted to be. Because of  concern for him. It just didn't make any sense. He had been so careful and James hadn't said anything to him directly, sure, there had been long glances and awkward silences. Even so, Loki had held his head high and never gave any indication that anything was troubling him. Of course, maybe he didn't have to. Things had changed between them, Loki had changed.
They lay down in bed that night after the last few days of tentative research and talking to friends and it all just seems to hit him. Remembering the was Wade screamed 'tossed me higher daddy' and Logan had the biggest smile he'd ever seen. That guy didn't smile all that often, but for his kid..it went on for miles. All James wanted was for Loki to be happy like that.
Tony jumped in. “Look I’m not a huge fan of medical. I get it, but if he won’t go home to magic ass Viking land and let Dumbledore or whoever the fuck look at him - then this is all we got.”
It was somewhere rural and unsuspecting and they touched down outside of a wooded area and then…then it was fuzzy.
Steve stands idly in the archway  just watching the other man for a moment. He's reminded of an old eastern belief he'd recently read about.  The Buddhists in China believe in something called a Hungry ghost- a being driven by a relentless emotional need that it can never satisfy.  Depression is like that he thinks.  At least to him, Steve's been down that road a time or two and some how reading the representation of a creature who was once human. A person just like anyone else who had a thirst for something in life they couldn't fill, be it greed or lust. The pain of that want had driven them to search even in death.  Pain was a lot like hungry in a way that a person longs to be free of it.  The way that that it can consume you with rituals and worry.
They had been happy; even though there had been times, Loki feared that his child would be like him. Somehow, his alpha chased those fears away with soft touches and steady words.
Abruptly, its like someone cut the lights on and the room flares back into reality. His vision seems a little off though, red around the edges and almost too sharp in contrast.
Bruce had seen a lot of bad things in his life. War, pain, poverty and everything in between. It wasn't easy to shock the good Doctor, that wasn't of course to say he felt nothing when he saw such suffering.
Fury says gesturing to a large screen behind him. Its a satellite image of a warehouse...no ...it's a slaughter house. Wonderful. “We believe that Mallen has taken his crew to this location to administer the bio-agent he is now in possession of. Moreover, we know now he's not alone, this isn’t some home grown anarchist skinhead fuckery ladies and gentleman.” Fury changes the images and they watch as the image enhances to show black SUV's and men in dark tactical gear bearing a familiar insignia.
Could this man be any weirder? Steve asked himself that multiple times a day, even so, he wouldn't have it any other way. Not when he watched Tony with the kids, or the bots. Not when he looked to the sky’s for that familiar flash of hot rod red.
After the melt down things were a little smoother. Steve sat down and read some of the Captain America fan mail that was sorted and sent to the tower. He liked to do more than just send a photo and a per-typed thank you. Call it old fashioned but Steve liked to read his letters and write back when the opportunity presented it self. You never could tell if something like a letter from someone a child looked up to might make a huge difference in their life. A few particular letters had touched him over the years. Kids with less than what he had growing up, those in bad situations (Those he enlisted Tony's help if he felt a child was in danger.) And little ones battling illness that they were likely to never beat. So if a single letter could lift their spirits, the effort was well worth it.
Pepper and Rhodes arrived, Happy was down in the lobby entertaining Peter with a puzzle in the security room.  All they had to do now was ambush Stark.
Tony knew what this was and that it needed to stop. “Shit”  This wasn’t good for Steve or the baby. “Steve…”
Tony often wondered how Steve could have so much faith in him. Somehow, it was different when they brought the child home that first night that irrational fear of screwing up another human being turned into fierce pride. Tony held his infant son and saw the world open up. He wanted to be there for his child, to give Peter the kind of life he didn't have. To be the kind of father Howard never was.
Isolating the signatures to one room in particular, Vengeful locked on and the repulsor blast sent the filthy windows and tangled miniblinds blasting inward.
Maybe that was the flaw, James wanted that happy life so much that all he saw was a happy life. Sure, they had their fights, they could argue and slam doors, have knock down drag out screaming matches like the best of them.  Yet tempers cooled and words spoken in anger always had a way of fizzling out once logic came into play.
Steve did his best to suppress a little whine in the back of his throat as Tony leaned forward and their cheeks brushed, “Take off your pants and fold your clothes.” The alpha whispered.
This of course Bucky knew, his hindbrain purring at the keen tumbling form his lovers lip at the teasing touch. “Come on sweetheart, you wanna be good for me don’t ya?” the alpha nosed at his pregnant lover’s neck.
The omegas’ secondary sex was as expected - underdeveloped. Still the sight of the dual arousal was maddening, Steve’s cock was flushed  and hanging heavy over the soft bedding. Just behind his tightly draw smaller testicles that normal shrouded the omegas folds. Those were what drew the Alphas gaze - so ruddy with heat and shiny with slick. Tony trailed his thumb over the small slit dipping in just enough to feel Steven shudder and arch. “So tight honey, don’t worry I’m gonna take good care of you.  Even if we can’t I swear I’ll make you feel good ok Steve?”
This was all shades of shit, Tony knew it, Bruce knew it…thankfully, the resident Artificial intelligence knew it.
Steve was sound asleep with his head in Tony’s lap. The alpha carding his fingers through the blonds hair.
The gauntlet applied just enough pressure until the asset passed out, then released. “I need containment at my location, I have the Winter soldier.”  Tony said over the coms, receiving conformation from Natasha.
If I ever did an rp account it would probably be for Sarah. Lol I know that make 0 sense. My 2nd choice would be frigga. Strong women for the win!
“Ok fine smarty pants, it’s early for me. Tell everybody …tactfully I guess that Steve and I are busy. We’ll both be benched from anything, if anything come up call Sam or Scott for back up. God I can’t believe I’m saying that.” Tony scrubbed at his eyes. “This is it.. I’m successfully adulting…tell Pepper I’m adulting.”
Barnes left his cover at the mark, strolling across the gravel yard of the warehouse; distantly he could hear the blast at the front gate. Courtesy of Daisy Johnson no doubt, he had trained her in the range and spared with the young inhuman on several occasions. The girl certainly knew how to make an entrance.
Howard was standing under one of the glowing amber lights with the revolver pressed to his temple. Hanging behind him was a large copper sphere with thick silver grommets and wires. His newest invention…the Jericho.
War has a way of changing a man, if you asked Steve five years ago what he thought he was doing by enlisting- he would tell you he wanted to help. He would say it was the right thing- that if other guys were going out there to die then what right had he to sit at home while they did all the fighting. Maybe he’d lower his head in that shy way and say, “well…can’t let that jerk Bucky go alone now can I?”
“It might not be …but why is there unless there’s something else there?” Steve questions himself silently. Damning the itch in the back of his brain that had the blond leaning over the rail to listen to the distant sounds of a beast, a beast that was…. attacking? But what?
While the battle it self wasn’t terribly taxing, Steve had found himself reacting a bit slower during the actual fighting. So much so, that he’d taken a couple of hits to the chest and back.
Banner could see the darkness around his friend’s eyes that hollow hungry look. He knew very well what desperation looked like.
Jane walked quietly at his side as he gathers his brother’s body in his arms. He could not leave him here, Loki would be sent to rest properly just as their mother had.
Finally, she said something. She did the one thing he needed right then. She gave him a mission, something he could do to end the cycle of what ifs in his head.
Steve gasped feeling his legs turning to jelly. Instinctively an arm went around his waist as he went down on his knees. Squeezing his eyes shut trying to tell himself he wasn’t there, he wasn’t here.  Trying to reach out for the sensory memory of nights he’d woken dreaming of war and Tony had been there, rubbing his back and telling him everything was ok. Jarvis repeating the time, date, location down to longitude, latitude, even elevation.
“I thought we discussed this…” Steve groaned, “I’m not going to be one of those omegas that stays naked and in bed all day…ah…Tony…” his argument was less than believable when spoken between breathy moans.
"I just can't watch you go out like this. You're too damn smart to just waist away." His grip tightened as he stared those dull deep green eyes. "I couldn't forgive myself, and I don't know why..."
Loki smoothed down his tie. "Yes thank you.  Natasha, I am here as it seems my previous missives where not well received. As for my upbringing it is improper to approach a lady directly until otherwise invited."
Then the fog would lift and banish the daydream to dust. This wasn’t like those days, and Steve was gone. This armor was black like the clouds of smoke that rose from the fiery destruction Vengenful had caused.
“I can still remember when you’d walk away, I remember every time I needed you and you weren’t there. All you were was a guy who lived in the same house, a guy who could never be proud me. I always wanted to ask you if it was worth it, if all that work…that entire legacy…was it worth it.  You never even said you loved me…”
God Tony wanted to give it to him, it was taking every last stick of rational thinking the billionaire had left not to pin Steve down and pound him into the ground. “You tell me if it hurts though you got me Steve, god so help me if you don’t tell me I will never fuck you again you hear me?”
“You don't have to do this alone Tony. I'm sorry if I made you feel like you had to.” Steve pushed back and looked in hi eyes. “I love you Tony, but I will protect our kids, even if it has to be from you. I need to know the truth, what has Extremis done? “
“Sweetie, I hate to break it to you but you can fix everything by sprinkling a little Captain America on it.” Tony huffed against his shoulder before wrapping his arms around his husbands waist. Feeling Steve in his arms was the best medicine he could ask for. “If you had been there....Steve if something had happened to you or the baby. I would have never forgiven myself.”
Fury justified the lie saying, “The world didn’t need some story book hero, an untouchable solider that stood in holy light, under a banner of honor and justice. Hydra and their allies had already turned the tide and they would have turned on you and your team. We knew this wasn’t going to end well so I just gave the masses something they could believe in.”
Snatching up a penknife the answer seemed so simple, “I'm human. I'm not a monster.” He could prove it, he could show himself how human he was. Driving the blade into his forearm and slicing through the taut olive skin. The alpha watched in horror as the wound shimmered and sealed before the blood even hit the floor.
Tony shrugged and rubbed his chin, his facial hair had gotten out of control.  “Just take it all off; it’ll be easier to start from scratch.”
Sitting back staring at the blank ceiling he wanted to scream, punch holes in walls and do anything and everything to get out here and stop this. “I should have known, I should have seen it coming.”
Steve could tell of course, he knew every inch and every sound of his alpha. Even now he knew they were not just going out to grab a bite to eat. This was business, so straightened his back and squared his shoulders. “Okay.”
When Steve was able to get up and leave Tony was right there walking next to him as they all packed up for transport to the tower. Then Tony used the meager workshop at the underground Shield post to remove the arm and kill switch.  Steve sat out side watching through a window, he couldn’t see Tony’s eyes for the dark goggles the inventor was wearing. However, he didn’t need to.
Today Rogers had  taken residence on the tower balcony outside the penthouse. Sketching the cityscape and the streets below, it seemed strange to think that not long ago he’d sat at the little café just down the block sketching this very building. Never dreaming that one day he would be sitting her so causally. So…comfortably.
Kurt didn't take the reluctance as rejection. Had Loki honestly detested him he would have said it, that was simply who he was. The ravenette had not mixed words with Scott when the absolutely did not hit it off. Logan’s reaction had been sketchy at best but... Kurt could forgive his bristly alpha.
The shield felt heavier than usual against his back but he dismissed the fatigue as his body starting to calm and settle back down post battle. He thought about getting home, about peeling out of the uniform and maybe letting Tony indulge in some post fight scenting. As alphas had want to do, just to assure his partner he was fine. Steve just hoped he felt better then. Maybe he would go see Bruce later too, just to put his mind at ease. There would be no harm in finding out and hopefully making an earlier plan based on everything, they knew now about the serums effects on his endocrine system.
He was a selfish man who lusted for power, money and status. Doing underhanded deals with dangerous men to obtain said power. Alexander never bothered with raising the boys he had 'inherited'. Leaving Grant and Brock to emulate his behavior from a far under the tutelage of numerous nanny's and tutors. Alexander could stand the two older boys for their strength. Steven had no value to him, so treating his stepson like a servant came naturally.
Steve takes the outburst in stride. “Maybe I just wanted to talk and you're the only one I have bored yet with all my stories from the old days about being the little skinny kid always left out and never taken seriously.  Most of them aren't so depressing, no matter what Tony might say.”
A rapid fire from the gauntlets rained down and Cap used the shield to block the powerful blasts. “I’m not going to fight you Tony!”  He shouted before running for cover while Stark circled back, He needed to get out of reach of the blasts and force Tony to ground the suit. If he got him on equal footing then maybe…
“Shut up and work with me!” She snapped carefully adjusting him in her arms. “ Just try Tony; we can do this right buddy? I've seen yo take way worse. Remember that time you and Clint thought it was a brilliant idea to see who was more badass by letting crabs snap your nips? That was so stupid.”
“Loki please, just try for me sweetheart.” He was desperate and didn’t know what to do anymore. The alpha was so far in over his head and the stakes were just too high.
Steve coughed and looked away. “I was raised Catholic M’am so I have never considered it. As for my alpha, I believe we were both under the impression that with the serum it wasn’t a factor. Do I… do I have some sort of venereal infection?” God kill him now, and then let him kill Tony Stark for being the one man that could possibly give Captain America the clap.
Amora swam through her dank sea cave, the pale fanged creatures that inhabited the space all departing from her wrath. “The golden son of Asgard thinks he can slight me, we shall see what he has left to rule with his precious Asgard is in ruins and his people are decimated.” Her hands crackle with dark magic. “I will take everything…I will consume everything…”
“Kinda hard to see the forest for the trees.” She said taking his hand in hers. “You are healing too, don't forget that. Sam says you've been making progress in the veterans meetings.”
“Or before yeah ya know if they need us. Peter has a spare pair of glasses and Wendy's inhaler is...”
Sarah smiled and kissed the top of his head. She imparted one last lesson before leaving this world.
“Cool your pistons there Robocop, this is perfectly safe.” Tony said striking up a blowtorch as T.Rex -Bang a gong, blasted over the workshops sound system.
Regardless, sitting in the lab doing nothing wasn’t going to help. “J, save everything I’m working on and shut it down. I’m going to bed.”
“I wish it were that simple Tony, I really do. Extremis doesn't just enhance it hacks the body's repair center and rewrites it. In the first stage, the body is ravaged until its little more than a giant open wound. Extremis tricks the brain into thinking the host body is wrong. Then ...it rewrites everything. Normally this process is carried out with the test subject placed on life support in a containment chamber.”
Following morning yoga was a shower and then down to the lab to sketch while Tony worked.  The engineer had since suspended any  projects that would cause hazardous or generally unpleasant fumes. It was sweet really, though the later was more due to how sensitive Steve’s nose to stomach reaction was becoming.  Poor Barton was cooking bacon on a hotplate out on the balcony at this point after a very unfortunate breakfast incident a few days ago. The scent wafting off the savory strips of pork sent the omegas stomach rolling harder than the Atlantic during storm season.
Carelessness, he told himself. He wasn’t on top of his game and there was no excuse for it, already running and re running every action in his head and seeing the mistakes clear as day. Steve berated himself mentally; he was suppose to lead the team by example. While he could have gone on with this self deprecation, he had other concerns.  At the moment, he was having a hard time catching his breath and was doing his best to hide the discomfort. The serum would kick in soon enough and there was no need to worry anyone over nothing. Everything would be fine, that’s what he told himself as the Captain walked slowly up the jogging path. He needed to get back to the team.
Dressing was mechanical and routine, in a way – soothing. This could be enough, he thought, get through a few moments, then an hour, then day. Try harder and maybe, just maybe tomorrow won't feel like swallowing poison.
With the good fortune of an empty house on his side, Steve took to watering the animals; each had become a friend to the isolated young man. Some though were more dear than others.
They did not make it that far. Halfway out of the main hall, Tony listed ford and his uncle scooped him up. Loki magic already unlatching and removing the heavy armor to try to give the boy comfort. That’s when they saw it.
Today fortunately was not the later, the pair of young mako that the mer had snagged - were happier to chomp free of the ropes and escape than to turn on the would be sea bound rodeo wranglers. Perhaps it was because the sharks were small and still valued their own lives over teaching a lesson one of their older kind might impart.
It was exactly one year later when Edwin Jarvis came pounding n Peggy and Angie’s door. It was pouring rain and the man was soaked to the bone and trembling.
“Good morning Sunshine or maybe... yeah good afternoon it’s like Five o’clock. How does it feel to sleep in for once?” Tony smiled back, tucking his cell away. Not wanting the distraction for once.
He ruffled a bit at the statement. "Yes well neither was I,  as for the risk well...I had believed the reward greater than a flesh wound."
Loki's shoulders curved inward and his head dropped. “I think not...it's better this way. Mother was always fond of Duchess, She belongs there with her. “
Loki just stared at him with such a shattered look before closing his eyes. The omega had felt betrayed being treated against his will, on some level he knew it would happen this way. James wasn't one to give up, even u p on lost causes. It was almost sweet to know the alpha was still willing to fight for him. Given all that James had seen, all that he knew was broken about him...yet still. Here he was stroking his hair and speaking so softly as if Loki really mattered. God how he wanted to matter. “ James...” His voice was a withered broken thing that compounded his shame.
Green eyes crinkled with a smile at the little pup. “Of course darling.” Loki said, picking the boy up onto his hip. “What would I ever do without such a bright little helper by my side?”
They were leaving; Steve felt the buzz under his skin at the prospect of seeing Tony again. The last time he felt this way was the day the team brought Bucky home. A thick worry that settled into the pit of his stomach that said ‘what if I can’t save him’, felt like a stone of lead. However, they had saved Bucky, even if he wasn’t the same. He was whole and functioning and now had a new life and oddly enough, Barnes had been a pivotal part in saving another lost soul when he met Loki.
“I’m sorry Bruce!” Tony cried out as they found themselves cornered against a high trench wall. “It’s been nice knowing ya buddy…If it’s any conciliation, I’ll let him eat me first, because ya know…bro code. This was my bad, I accept that.” The young mer blubbered as the beast opened its jaws poised to consume the children.
Through the years Banner spent traveling around the world, just trying to stay one step ahead of the monster under his skin, he saw more than most. He'd done everything he could to some how be a better person, part of that had been doing what he could to improve the lives of those around him. The beta had extended his knowledge of medicine so that he could be help to people who where helpless. Those living on the street or too afraid to seek proper medical treatment. Whatever the case had been Bruce had been there when so many people were in their darkest hours.
It sounded like a bomb went off, that’s what Steve thought anyway when the whole facility shook. On the other hand, maybe it was just him. It was hard to tell, his captor had moved from knives to some sort of flogger that had lines of barbed wire and glass. Between lashes, he’d be showered in freezing water from a pressure hose. The serum was working as hard as it could but Steve felt like he was dying, his body felt wrung and his voce horse. Still he kept repeating his name, rank and number. Even when it sounded like nothing more than gibberish. At one point, he found himself saying Tony’s name repeatedly.
Things were different now, but one thing hadn’t changed. Well, it had - now Steve wasn’t wearing his mother’s old slips.
There are many reasons James doesn't like going to medical, number one (and most current reason) was waking up two days later. Why? Because apparently the new arm had what Stark called a 'quirk' and apparently electrocuted him at some point he did not remember. Oh but of course Tony pointed out that it was fine now and 'don't get bent out of shape Robocop.'
It was over, over and now there was this baby, Tony’s baby. Half way down the hall Stark fell against the wall and felt like he couldn’t breath. Steve was pregnant…with their child, a child he was probably never going to know. Because why on earth would anyone ever trust him with a child! Pepper wouldn’t even let him put a fish tank in the tower because she knew that she, or someone Tony hired, would end up caring for them.
"I think that's fair tin man. Looked what you did to me sweetheart." Steve growled pushing up and grinding his clothed erection, The action enough to make his husband groan in response and dig his fingers into his shoulders.
Loki wants to run because his limbs are starting to tingle from the outpouring of power and his head feels too heavy for his shoulders. Has it really been that long since he's done anything like this? Or is..oh, yes of course. Loki really hadn't been keeping up with that had he? How could he even ask his Alpha for that now? After seeing the look in James' eyes.
“Don’t… their not…” Steve blushed but all Tony’s talk was going was making him ache. He had a better way to shut Stark up. So he took himself in hand and plunge into the playboys already stretched hole.
“All right he’s your friend and probably deserves a medal for the years of faithful service in dragging you out of all the colorful messes you found yourself in before you so magnanimously hired me. So I’ll give you that one next, four more come on Tony prove me wrong that you’re not a self-centered ass. I might even buy you coffee.”
Duchess bumped her massive head against his hip in greeting before finding a spot in front of the fire to stretch out. He watched her for a moment before waving a hand at the cupboards- summoning a cup and saucer. Lazy - maybe, effective - yes.
Driving back to the tower had been an ordeal as the traffic picked up around them. Barnes found himself wanting to roll down the window and scream. That wouldn't have been wise, as it seemed like every loud sound was making his omega that much worse. Every blare of a horn or sudden stop had Loki curling up more in the passenger seat. James was starting to wish he had taken Stark up on his offer to 'pimp' his ride. All of Tony's cars were equip with sound shielding and the very best interior sound systems available. Some soft music right about now might have help he thought. Hoping to mask the city noise outside the SUV. Plucking up some CD that Loki had left in the visor, some German folk rock thing that he could never understand but Loki seemed to always enjoy. Turning the music up to try and drown out the noise seemed like as good an idea as any.
The good doctor pinched the bridge of his nose. “I don’t oppose you coming back you have to know that. I just think you need some time to process…”
“You will be useful to me yet Loki, doing all the work while I read all the benefits, such a fool you are. She whispered as the embedded the gem with a healing spell.
So in honor of the holiday season i fired up my Christmas playlist and will be posting oneshots across all the fandoms I'm in! Enjoy
Loki turned as his mother passed him, his first reaction was that Anthony had been making some strange faces and drew attention to himself. However, turning to see his son looking pearl white with dark circles presented below his eyes, changed the prince’s mind. “Anthony.”
“James.” Loki hindered him, sadness filling his eyes. “Please love, I can not endure this, as much as I wished to give you a child I can no longer endure the pain of failure.”
Once Steve had, sealed a modest stack of envelops he went to check on the kids who both begged to put off their naps until after lunch. Steve decided to allow it slide this once.
That old hateful whisper that said ‘you’re not good enough’, stirred in his head. Each time tugged his shirt collar to the side to show the slightly pinked gland- it was there to remind him. The gland was still slightly inflamed according to Bruce, but would go down in a few days.
It all happened so fast, one moment they were happy - just having a usual date night at Tony’s favorite Italian restaurant. They enjoyed the food, music and candle light. Just being able to unwind one night a week or at the very least one night a month, they always tried to save at least one night to be a ’normal’ couple. Trading off on who took out who, it was Tony’s night so of course that meant fine dining and taking a drive out to a secluded spot in one of the inventors expensive cars. They were just  leaving the restaurant, hand in hand  enjoying the city lights glow in the evening sky.
“Everything looks good as far as your physical, I will want to give you one more sonogram before you leave; however, I did want to have a word with you both before we proceed.” Simmons said, the alpha was trying not to frown or smile to much as she adjusted the papers on her desk. Bruce was standing just off to the side with his arms crossed trying to take up as little room in the space as possible.
That was the thing about Tony; he said everything with his eyes. Steve loved his eyes, said they reminded him of dark chocolate or the expensive coffee Tony Loved so much.
When Thor found the box of strange cotton like bullets guarded with plastic sheaths in Jane’s bathroom, he had inquired as to their use.
Calm was beginning to settle around the team, as much as it could at the end of any fight, they always had that tingling kind of static about their bones. Like they were all waiting to see if the peace was real or if something else was going to come up from the depths and swallow them whole. It would likely feel like this for the next few days until the calm truly settled in.
Just a side note- Steve’s chapters are not in line with Tony’s time line sorry if that’s confusing let me know.
The supped up weaponry was defiantly a game changer, however the size and ferocity of the levitation had thinned the Mers forces. The guards were few and far between and the cities more powerful magic users were coming to the front of the fight and giving it everything they had to hold the beast at bay while the surface strangers draw the beast back by striking its vulnerable points.
Through these infinite cycles of highs and lows our world and our perception of that world is perpetually changing. To one man, the hero may appear as a villain and the villain a hero. Perception is whatever we chose and in those choices we project onto the world around us.
The other man just looked in the bag and shrugged his shoulders, “Less to take off, this is just enough to get you in the Jet. Did I mention I had the jet coming, I do. It is the new one - I was actually going to save it and make this big show of showing up at shield and tossing cupid the keys. There’s an iron man key ring on them if you were wondering. I thought it really tide everything together.”
Unable to remain in bed, Loki retreated to the kitchen as soon as the hour seemed plausible enough for it- a quarter past 9am was fair enough. Bare feet hitting the wood floor with a soft creak, he looked over his shoulder for a brief moment to make sure he hadn't woken his alpha. After missions, James tended to be a rather light sleeper. It often took several days at home for his circadian rhythms to even out into something like a normal person. Thankfully, it appeared that this morning was being kinder and the brunette rolled over snoring softly into his pillow. At least one crisis averted.
He clung to the omega burying his face in Steve's neck. “I'm trying, I'm trying so hard to fight this thing. Sometimes I can feel it, it's like another person in my head and the things it wants...I don't want that. I want our life, I can't do this alone.”
It was quiet and methodical, in a way more intimate than anything else as Steve tilted Tony’s head back taking off a strip of stubble. This was the second pass with the razor to get things cleaned up.  Afterward when Tony took a towel and cleaned off the remaining shaving cream, Steve pulled a face and touched the billionaire’s smooth chin.
Now, feeling human, Natasha nabbed a few goodies from the kitchen, “I almost wish Stark would go off on business meetings more often if we get muffins.”
“Shotgun” chimed the good captain climbing in behind the driver’s seat. Bucky’s cackling lit from the observation deck
The confession had a little keen break through the soldier’s chest as berry juice dribbled down his chin. The alpha leaned forward and licked at the drip before kissing the corner of the omegas mouth.
“Steve, do you want me to help you? To stick with you through this thing? You know I will baby, you just say the word.”
There had been a fight and he’d been separated from Natasha, he was pursuing someone.                  Flashes of images filtered through his mind rapidly.
Truth was Tony wasn’t sure about anything anymore. He felt like he was losing his mind, he could hear Steve’s voice, see his face. Like a specter in the fog - some terrible siren beckoning him to his death. Steve was everywhere and no where at the same time. A constant companion in these deadly days. It was a cold comfort when Tony thought about it.
With all the work towards wholeness, there was one piece in the grand scheme that needed to be addressed.
Loki began to openly sob and it was hard to watch such a normally calm and strong man falling apart.
The answer had been incoherent at best and could have easily been misinterpreted. Perhaps if he asked a bit plainer, “Loki, has your alpha ever hurt you? “
When Steve was down on the common floor reading one afternoon, he felt something like a flutter along his side. He’d had these light sensations before and dismissed them; however, this grew persistent and seemed to roll to the right before a second flutter on the left joined in. That’s when Steve set down his book and placed a hand over the little movements.  “Hey…”
Steve dropped his head, chin resting on his chest as he looked down at himself. Running a hand over his stomach -still flat if a bit firmer to the touch.  How long would it stay that way? Would he even get to know?  Yet another facet of this whole mess that Steve didn’t want to think about. What if all of this was just temporary, what if the serum decided that this child was something that didn’t belong and purged it from him. How would he deal with that?
He made brief eye contact with another lost looking alpha that seemed to be in the same boat as him. Poor guy was using his phone to ask the voice search what brand was most preferable among omegas. James had to give the guy points for that, although that wouldn't have helped him because...Loki.
Oh if only everyone could mind their p's and qu's though. No this had to end like most things did for him ..humiliation. Later of course Bruce would be comfort and bring ice cream- that mango flavor sherbet that he likes oh! and wavy crisps please!  But for right now Stark's little sprog just had to utter those horrid words.
Tony stepped forward raising his chin in defiance. The light flooding his face to highlight the lack of sleep and care. “ Do you really care what Steve wanted? This isn’t about that anymore, it never was.” His voice calm and dark eyes dead.
The brunette panted as he was jerked back from his prize, saliva dripping down his chin. “What’s wrong big boy?”
“Bruce I swear to God you’re a bro but I will come over there and…” Tony started but was put off by his fellow scientist’s broad smile. It must not be anything bad but still.
“No he’s right.” Bruce turned away from the window, arms wrapped around himself. “I think we should be happy we are only dealing with Tony right now.”
"Hey shell head, I know I'm a little late. But ain't that always the way huh? Seems I have a knack for it." He swallowed around the lump in his throat and shifted from side to side. A few fall leaved crunching underfoot. "I shoulda' come sooner...I. No, no you would have told me to get my ass back out there wouldn't you? Pep said she was there though, I'm glad that you weren't...that you weren't alone."
Thankfully, when he rounded the bend Steve noticed his stepbrother’s horses were missing. As was the steed of his stepfather. Perhaps if he was lucky they would all stay away for the evening and leave Steve to his own.
"Peter what's wrong." the omega turned own the burners and went to wrap the boy in his arms. Almost immediately Peter started crying and begging his father 'not to hate him'
She was going to rebuild this world with out errors. Without war, without strife, a place that was perfectly in line with her orders. It was possible, she'd seen it. Lived the life of Hydra's queen a thousand times, each time she learned and corrected – now she wanted to take that and make it reality.
He’d seen him after one of Eir’s treatments and maybe that’s when he knew, or perhaps when he realized there was someone who wanted to be cared for. Someone too proud to ask for it, someone who needed but would never ask.  He gave Bucky back his purpose.
They had unchained him for a moment only to drag the broken solider to the center of the room only to be strung up like butchers meat. This interrogator wanted access to unmarred flesh and to try new toys. The latest had been some sort of electric prod with prongs on the end.  It made him jump and jolt with the voltage bit into his shredded flesh, lighting the frayed nerves on fire. At one point, the fiend had held the instrument in place until Steve was sure he could smell the flesh burning beneath the electrical impulse.
Steve kept watching for any kind of reaction, but all Tony did was stare at the floor with his eyes darting back and forth as if he was trying to melt the linoleum with his thoughts. It was not a good sign, or at least it did not seem like one. The solider wanted to believe that maybe this was Tony’s way of working it out, that any second the engineer would leap up and yell ‘
Both men readied themselves as the lift doors screeched open. Two on one should have been no problem, should have been. However, what lay in that dark cramped alloy container was anything but human. Glowing gold eyes shone back at them for a brief moment before a blazing flair of fire shot out.
Tony hears Steve get up and approach the screen, the omegas scent instantly took on an alkaline quality. Steve’s fists clinched at his sides and shoulders pulled back. This wasn’t Steve anymore, this was Captain America…and he was pissed.
“I'm serious James; you are one of the few things on this unfortunate ball of mud that keeps me sane. You can't possible leave me behind, it would be completely irresponsible. So do your duty to SHIELD, but do not be so foolish as to give your life for them.”
The two walked back out to the car and began to unload the bags while Loki retreated farther into the house. Natasha shook her head when they came in with the first few sacks – noticing the missing ravenette.
“Loki…Amora was here…she; this child is your son. I am sorry brother; I wish I had your words to put this delicately as you are surely blessed with such talents. The truth of it is your beloved Amora is a poisonous thing. In her madness I feared for your son and so I took him from her.”
Steve found himself looking in the mirror as he had all those years ago, a critical eye running over the lines of his naked form.  He was by all standards the picture of physical perfection. Everything the formula was supposed to do it had done.  Running a palm over his stomach and up his chest Steve knew in his heart this had to be why Tony hadn’t stayed.
The kind of phrase that conjured up a lot of not great feelings and a lightly unhealthy dose of worry. The kind of phrase that people used to describe Steve before the serum. Back in those days he had been ‘high-risk’ for nearly everything under the sun. Still Steve was maintaining his ‘can do’ attitude, which was the only thing making these days bearable. Being high-risk meant that Steve was now on leave from all missions. Too dangerous and too tenuous. Somewhere hell was freezing over because something was ‘too strenuous for Captain America’ he’d love to see Bucky’s face at news like that.
The song “Where we land - by Ed Sheeran” inspires this story I do not own avengers/its character or anything like that…if I did, Stony would be cannon. (with more  fuckin...just sayin)  This purely for entertainment purposes so enjoy. In addition, comments are welcomed, hate is not. I do not have a beta, (nor want one) so just try to overlook errors and not be a snot about any you do find. If you do not like these themes then do not read it ^_^
Next was the hyper behaviors, like when Loki cleaned the entire house with magic which would have been fine but then he worried about 'residual energy' and spend the hours then scrubbing with every cleaning product know to mankind. Bruce of course was then concerned about exposure to aforementioned chemicals. He shouldn't have said that out loud of course cause that opened a whole new can of worms. Loki was mid panic attack in a then frozen kitchen. Thankfully, Jane offered to come over and help comfort the poor man while Thor helped Bruce thaw out the counters and floors.
Tony was headed down a path there was no coming back from, a path that will leave his friend in a pine box. More frightening than that, was that he could tell that Tony knew that. Knew and just didn’t care.
The soldiers cheeks warmed watching a much younger, much cockier version of the Alpha he knew. The way something’s hadn’t changed, the way Tony spoke and gestured, and that grin.
“You made a mistake, but in all fairness you didn’t have the right information. You reacted out of hurt and anger. I’m not going to blame you for it because I don’t know that I wouldn’t have done the same thing.”
Tony checked the suited stats, full power and all systems operating at 100%. Barnes wasn't anything to shake a stick at, they would be fine. “Yeah I'm in the upstairs control office now, looks like one of the freezers is currently running. I'm thinking we go ahead, kill the power, and thaw them out. I'll meet you on the main floor service entrance. That's the only way in and out of the basement.”
He just had to keep to himself, keep the one error in the serum secret. It wasn’t that hard really. Rogers had not been examined by anyone since he woke in SHIELDs office. He would not even let Bruce give him a once over after a mission, always shying away saying he was fine. Even when he wasn’t, the serum healed most wounds even if Steve had to limp home and dig a bullet out first. It all seemed a small price to pay to keep anyone from asking questions. When the scent of Alpha body wash wore off from sweat and he was just muddled and tired and nothing seemed quite right.
“We’re gonna die and it’s all your fault!” Bruce shouted as the monster chased them between the rock beds, the massive beast smashing to the tight areas the boys tried to hide in, simply obliterating the narrow passages with its massive body.
Once abroad, the com crackled in his ears with Stark's voice. The armor flashing past the windows. “That was sweet Robocop...homicidal but sweet.”
Fitz sat back the color draining form his face.  This was his nightmare come to life. “That's...bloody hell that's…”
Her 'boys' as she called them were three men she had come to adore during their service together. James Barnes, a fantastic marksmen and generally good with his hands in ...other ways. Sam Wilson, a pilot and easily one of the most fearless yet kind men she knew, he was like a brother to her. Lastly, was Steven Rogers. Steven was a foot soldier and amazing strategist. He fought with all of his heart and often times trying too hard to see the good in people. They all served together these last six months under the Captain of the good ship Leviticus.
Meeting Kurt and Logan's son, little wade, was...eye opening to say the least. The child was ADHD personified, but sweet none the less.
Maybe that was why they worked. Why they could lay down each, night and fit like two pieces of the same puzzle.  Why they set out in this life together and were ready to start something new. Something not tarnished by the past. A real life away from the judgment for transgressions that- in some ways they didn't even remember.
“I know...I'm so sorry Steve. I just... I did what I had to do; you have to understand that there was no other way. I promised to come home to you baby, that's all I wanted to do.”
Steve thought of an film he’d seen before shipping out, Davis and Bogart, it was called The Petrified forest. He thought about Leslie Howard’s character- Alan Squire, talking to about Bette Davis’ character, Gabby.
He was probably going to get a very strongly worded letter from one of their omegas. Not that Tony reads his mail, he more-or-less let Jarvis handle that and his sorting algorithms only alerted him if anything particularly interesting was picked up by the AI.
Barnes massaged the back of his neck; the morning had not been one of Loki's better ones. “Let me head up and see how he's feeling, he went to lay down a little while ago.”
Knowing that there was a plan made Steve feel 1000 times lighter, it was as if he had been walking around all this time with his hands tied and now he was finally free. That freedom left him exhausted, and yet he could not sleep. It was that bone deep exhaustion that feels like you could melt into the floor and not care in the least. It was so frustrating to feel this way and no mater how long he hid behind closed eyes- sleep still managed to evade him.
“MR. BARNES!!!”A small group of children ranging in age from eight to 13 cheered as Loki steeped into the main courtyard. Having been out on sick leave for a while now; his students are thrilled to see him. Before long, the little group had gathered around their missed teacher.
The rest will be explained in story so yep. Be kind! Feel free to add this work now, first installment will be coming 4/28/16
“I want nothing from you. Get out of here and never return, if I see you again I will kill you self.” Thor would have gladly thrown her out but he thought first of his nephew sheltering in his arms. How unfortunate for a child to be burdened with such a heartless mother. “Guards! Take her way and see that she is well outside Asgard!”
AN: Ok so…I’m not an omega Tony fan, but with this trio I can be. It’s basically my only exception cause come one..is anything cuter than the super soldier sandwich? I think not. So enjoy some rotting fluff!
That didn’t seem to do it though and Tony really didn’t want to make any sharp movements and have Steve toss him through a wall.  Not that he didn’t completely deserve it right now.
Jarvis had suggested he work on the nursery but that had only held his attention for a few days. Now the room was fully stocked and decorated with a lovely mural of a sunny field of flowers. Sometimes Steve would stand in the doorway and look at the empty crib with its soft bedding and plush toys. It made him picture the child that would soon lay there slumbering peacefully.
Shaking away the sticky words he focused again, No...That was not what he wanted. He just wanted to make it home. Home to Steve and the kids, home to his pack and Jarvis and all the bots. Even butterfingers and that damn fire extinguisher.
Naturally she hadn't, Melinda wasn't the most fond of children of any age and even less a fan of teenagers. “ He's going to be here.”
There had been some among them who took delight in punishing the land walkers, sinking ships with their songs. Beckoning sailors to their deaths. Others still, who chose to learn from human kind by trading their magic with the more desperate mortals.
Steve’s whole world changed after his friend, and someday mate, left for the war. He couldn’t take no for an answer and tried one more time to enlist.  As luck would have it that was the day, Rogers met Professor Abraham Erskine.
Looking out of his peripheral at the captain, while he was deleting the security footage and shutting down the system, Phil noticed Steve poke the guard with his boot. “Not to worry, he’ll be fine. I think. Anyway shall we?”
Even so, “You should try and get some sleep.” The beta said fixing a cup of jasmine tea. “I know you haven’t been getting enough and Tony would pitch a fit if he knew about it.”
The truth was they did, everyone had pain and had been through suffering. Everyone knew what it was like to feel like second best and not be heard. To have their needs set on the back burner. Many of them had grown up under the banner of  'don't air your dirty laundry'. So he wasn't alone when talking about his hidden fears.
"When is he not." the once prince commented dryly. " he will have to learn that this constant fretting is pointless. It would be shrewder to deliver me away to waste than keep me under some misguided vigil."
They ended up taking Steve to a local hospital; SHIELD was no longer an option now. Phil had Natasha had been running all sorts of interference media wise. Between the Agent and Widow no one was going to open their mouths and let it slip that they had Captain America in a private room tucked away in a wing of the hospital that was still mid renovation. Natasha could be terrifyingly convincing, she had gotten closer to Steve on this mission and seeing Cap hurt drew out a protective nature in the Alpha that even she didn’t understand.
The bed part would have to wait because his bed was empty. That was not correct, he was pretty sure that when he left – he left a very pregnant omega.
James sighed and shook his head, sitting forward with his shoulders hunched and head in hands. “You wanna know why he'd willingly put himself through pain. Yeah...same here.”
Somewhere long forgotten in Steve’s brain, purred at the direction. It always falls to him to lead, to be the mature one - The man with the plan. It was a chore, it wore on him constantly. That part of him that just wanted not to think, the part that clung to his orders as a soldier because it was the only shadow left of what he really needed. Yet even so, he never could let himself go…Steve was sure he had forgotten how. That if he ever was to hand over that control it would be the end of him. All of his life he spent trying to prove something. Just hearing those simple low words with in the inventor’s confident voice were a balm. They were an invitation with promise of safety, so much conveyed in such unassuming words.
“Is it just me or dose that look like..” Steve blushed looking away as Clint sat in the gym just Shake weighting away as if his life depended on it.
“Sir, Captain. I am sorry to interrupt but there is an urgent transmission from Miss Hill for the avengers.” Tony’s AI came over the unseen intercom.
Then of course, he had a high-strung alpha pacing back and forth between the bedroom, nest, and kitchen.
The hospital staff cast weary glances; no one wanted to be the one to have to tranquilize Captain America. Thankfully, Natasha stepped in, her hands up and voice calm.
James came marching in with a stern look on his face that reminded Tony of how Howard would look when he managed to set fire to something while tinkering in the old storage house at the mansion upstate. A glare somewhere between anger and constipation, one Tony was all to glad to point out as a rambunctious adolescent.
Everything was more-or-less fine, if one did not account for the round of vomiting that morning. Not to mention, how Wendy threw a little tantrum over not being able to go up and play with Auntie Pepper and the baby. He suspected the little girl missed Butter the french bulldog more so than genuinely wanting to see the baby. Peter was very quiet through the whole exchange and just sighed as pinched the bridge of his little nose. A very Tony-like gesture if Steve had ever seen one.
“I said…. I think Jorry needs to go to little eel’s room and I should take him out before we leave. We really don’t want to come back to that.”
“Tomorrow, I require time to collect my thoughts. Mother has made it clear I dearly need to think much more before speaking.”
“captain Rogers are you alright?” Jarvis said lowering the transmission volume as Hill describe the location of the current Hydra base.
Kurt sighed happily and traced on of his large fingers over the image. “We have seen files on so many children you know? But when I looked at him...I felt something inside of me. I just knew he was mine, like he had been waiting for us.”
Suddenly that dreadful feeling was smothered by thick muscled arms and a broad chest. The scent of rain, steel, and the under tones of pine soaps. “Brother...”
Tony went still at the omission, part of him wanted to just leave…needed to get out of here. Yet when he looked at Steve, he couldn’t. Leaving Steve now would be rejecting him when he needed help the most. Tony knew to well what it was like to be left out on your own. They would need to talk about this later, and they would - but right now Tony just held on tighter.
Steve felt his jaw clench, he wanted to talk back, wanted more than anything to tell the both of them did to take a flying leap. However, Steve knew now what it would get him and he couldn’t very well go into town with a black eye or of busted lip. Even if it would be worth it. People would ask questions and then Alexander would be angry.
“Babe.” He said reaching across the bed to chapter his loves slender hand. “I wanna do this, I wanna look for a kid, if you want to.”
Natasha reclined back against her lover’s chest, Bucky protectively wrapping an arm around her waist. “Because, all he has left is faith. He has to believe in this because if we can’t…then everything he’s worked for means nothing.”
Then he tilted his head, glancing over Happy's shoulder as Bruce picked up Peter and cast him and look of... Pity? Why... what was this...
Everything seemed to explode in slow motion; it was like a nightmare unfolding into the brilliant color of the wakening world. The sea pressure shifted and silt smog rolled up from the ancient depths. Once crystal blue waters hazed in the muddy clouds rolling over the lips of the trenches as the creature came upon the kingdom of Asgard.
Steve couldn’t sully the image of the alpha who stood for freedom in the countries darkest days. He couldn’t tell them it was all a lie.
Later when they arrived at their destination Tony grinned over his popcorn saying, “I thought you’d get the reference.”
Steve rolled his eyes and hefted himself out of his chair, getting up was harder these days. “ Nice to see you Thor,” He held out a hand only for the gesture to be completely ignored and the larger blond to wrap him up in a surprisingly gentle hug.
Bruce crossed his arms studying the numbers, it could work…or they could possible O.D a living national treasure. At the end of the day this would be Steve‘s choice. “If we do this we start low, we will have to wait until the heat starts and then see what direction we need to go. Stopping it or  helping you at least have it safely. Then after we see were your at, it could be that once you get through it then the serum will recognize it at a normal body function. That’s the best case scenario anyway.”
Loki selected a crystal glass from the cupboard, his finger tracing the etched rim. “I...am healing.”It was the easiest and most honest way to frame his current situation.
Time felt like it passed differently at SHIELD. Of course, that wasn't the case at all (or at least not in a way, anyone could prove) still, perception was a funny thing.
“She has a point,” Phil said as he joined them, “When Clint and I bonded…he already had a family, I was terrified but because those kids lost their mom and here I was so late in the game. Then I realized I had been ‘parenting’ all along. Every young agent that I ever handled even Tony back when the Starks died.  I know you think people won’t get it but if you think about you have been taking care of this team.”
Tony grinned and leaned into the camera, “Have a nice day Jemmakins, tell Fitz to come down and science with Bruce and me sometime!”
“Verily, though I am mighty I as well my brother Loki found that we have damaged our nasal cavities. The lady Jane had these little bandages and I thought it important to come ever prepared to battle.” Thor chipped in with a smile, a thin cotton retrieval cord catching in the stubble of his facial hair.
Tony pressed his lips to Steve’s forehead, “Ok, how about I get you and the sea monkeys that shake while you take a shower; then we’ll go see if Bruce made pancakes and steal some. If there are no pancakes, I’ll take you to my favorite place and get a stack. Just you, and me we haven’t been on a date in a while right? Look at me doing this relationship stuff, I’m doing so well I deserve a gold star for all this maturing and personal growth.”
Reality was dangerous, reality hurt you. The truth splayed you open for all to see, for any to exploit if they so wished.
“It must have been arduous to struggle so.” Loki looks a bit sad thinking about his Alpha and Steve as children going hungry. “I was spoiled I suppose. As a noble prince I naturally wanted for nothing as a boy.”
She wasn't going to argue with that, giving the man a grateful smile she dashed out to catch a cab, shaking her head when she spotted Happy waiting at the curb. “ Hello Ms. Romanov. The Boss told me to come pick up you and Sergeant Barnes.”
Bucky and Tony would have likely been side-by-side, burning half of Europe to the ground if it meant killing every hydra agent on the planet. That was one slice of hell Steve was glad to see his friend spared. He wasn’t sure if he could have helped salvage both of them… Although, seeing the way Loki kept casting such longing looks over at the sniper- Steve wondered if it was really his job anymore to trail after Bucky. It seemed the two fallen men had somehow found solace with one another.
No, he knew Steve was likely in that gilded tower with Stark, happy…breed with the billionaire’s pups. The flash of Howard’s face in his mind made him ache, Howard used to eye Steve too. He wondered if the younger Stark had those same longing dark eyes, if the inventor touched Steve softly and spoke pretty, educated words in hushed tones.  That always led to darker thoughts of Marie Stark, the omega staring up at him and begging for her life.
James hummed in mutual agreement and left one final kiss in his wake, Loki smiling softly to the feel of his alphas stubbled chin rasping on his sensitive shoulder. It had been so long since they had been intimate, these subtle touches began to warm him more so than ever over the passed weeks.
With all this in mind, Loki gripped his kind Alphas hand and prepared himself to hear the worst. He could survive this, even if the news was poor, he could because they had other options. This was not the end.
"See, everyone sees your point, no one is laughing at you. You can prank him back if you want but nothing that will cause any lasting damage." Bruce comforted, a pointed chin falling to his shoulder with a mass of long black hair.  He wrapped his arms around Loki and rubbed his back.
“You met him that night, well... he tried to meet you but you were with me.” She trailed off “Anyway, he seemed to take it pretty personal and has this weird obsession with his company, the company I work for- AIM somehow surpassing Stark Industries even though we are in completely different fields. I think...Tony I think he's talking to some very bad people.”
“I came into this world alone... I fell alone, was lost alone and yet I live.” He growled defiantly as the water tinged his fair skin an angry red. “I will get through this alone.” Something in his head disagreed, sounding suspiciously like his mother.
Come the big day Peter was all smiles with his poster board with holographic projections. (Yes Steve this is necessary. No Steve there will be no glue sticks this science not arts and crafts no shooooo sugar buns!! )
Stark grinned and walked over to where Steve was spread out on the workshop sofa. Sketchbook forgot on the floor where it had been dropped when the blond nodded off.  Tony reached over the back of the sofa to unfold a blanket over his sleeping omega. It was an old one his mother had bought at Macys. Tony remembered thinking how ugly it was when he was a kid. It was a thick; orange, brown, and yellow monstrosity.
The truth was being surrounded with the children had proven too much today. Loki had quietly excused himself — begging off with a headache. James could tell it was a lie and gently took his omegas arm and asked if he was alright. Loki had confirmed that no, he was not. It was a big step for Loki to willingly admit when he was having a hard time. James had been so proud of him for that.
He stood and did as he was told, movements easy with the alphas unspoken direction- unbuckle the belt, unbutton and unzip, pull them down now take them off. He could almost hear the words in his head, Fold the pants now the shirt, and put them both on that chair - Good.
“I will come to you in the morning my love, unfortunately I am occupied with something very important for a dear friend and I mustn’t disappoint her. You understand don’t you dear?” She sounded so sweet and so sincere.
Not so much for the Stark -Rodgers clan extension but rather that the Barnes' name looked like it was going to end with him. That was a whole other feeling he couldn't even grasp.  Every time he tried to sense what his omega was feeling about the state of affairs in their home- Loki was always one to throw up his walls.
It wasn't easy for unbound omega, that's not to say it was impossible. There were plenty of single parent household in worlds and omegas that would tell you they could do just fine by themselves. That being said, considering how difficult things had been with the twins it made Tony worry. He didn't want Steve to do this alone or to feel so disconnected when he needed him the most.
Barnes fell back as the Iron man armor took the brunt of the inferno. A while of the repulsor charging fills the air as Stark returns fire. A mass of glowing flesh in the shape of a man came forward with speed and grace. Mallen had avoided the beams of searing power and punched Stark straight in the chest plate, sending the suit careening back ward with a hard clang into the concrete floor.
He could feel the frigid wind through the suit as Tony stood on a rocky peak overlooking the base. The stone walls masked in drifts of snow. Still with the sensors, Tony could pick up human heat signatures even from this distance. There were over a hundred hydra operatives, possible inhuman among them. Not to mention those affiliated with AIM who every well maybe armed with extremis. Someone would have to be crazy to take this on alone.
The scene made him remember the nights when their roles where reversed, when it was Steve waking in the night soaking wet with sweat and head still echoing the sounds of screams and bombs. The way Tony would peel him out of his nightclothes and talk about anything and everything. Explaining something as intricate as advanced mechanics or as trivial as an article about some new fashion fad.   Words were Tony’s weapon and in those nights when Steve felt like he was right back in those muddy foxholes - it was those words that brought him back.
“Sweetheart, why don't you go lay down for a bit while I take care of dinner then after I’ll run you a bath. Sound good?”
“Calm yourself Darcy.” Loki said stroking back his motionless childs’s hair. “Anthony, can you hear me? Open your eyes for me if you can dear. Come back to me sweet one.”
Phil moved at the center of pack, Daisy on point and Mac and May at flank. He touched his ear peace and eyes the area just to the east of the buildings entrance. “Sergeant Barnes what’s your 20?”
The billionaire was waiting for him at the air strip and ushered the solider into a waiting car. Tony could tell by the blondes posture he needed to slip . that too tense like not his shoulders and slightly glassy look in Steve's eyes.
Steve was there in front of him grabbing his metal hand. “We won't let that happen, you’ll stay here, both of you.”
“Hey…come on.” Steve offered his hand with a tired smile. Tony looked at the hand and then up at the blond, the skepticism Steve saw there hurt. This was going to be a long road but one he’d gladly walk.
"You paid for it in full given the unfortunate circumstances. Honestly, I should thank you. If I hadn't kicked the bucket then the Avengers might not have gotten their act together. Listen, everything happens for a reason. Even the things that hurt."
Steve had followed a few strays and disposed of them before they could do anymore damage. This had led him to the far eastern point of the park. Walking back would take a while but Steve didn’t mind, it would give him time to collect himself before heading back to the tower to unwind. He was sure he’d perk up eventually.
“What did you just say?” Loki poked his head in, already downing the high curved horns of his own helm.
He sat on the bedside with his head in hands trying to piece together the last events he could remember.
“It does have to be this way Rhodey…” Tony lifted his hand the red in his palm glowing with deadly promise. “Don’t make me kill you.”
It was now half past 9 and what started as some harmless kissing and touching had escalated in the alphas need to orally claim every inch of the super soldier. Not that Steve could complain, he was sure he’d come at least three times already and fell asleep at one point in between only to wake in moments to even more wonderful feelings.
Coulson looked directly in his eyes, no deception “No, no one knew about me or this project other than those inside this facility. Even Ms. Hill has been in the dark until recently.”
Tony had come home that afternoon looking worn but happy, he'd said they were making progress. The couple curled up in bed just taking familiar comfort in each other after such a trying day. The alpha smiled kindly and gently stroked his mates chest. “We have a plan babe, it's not super solid but it's better than nothing.”
“I got the first kiss, he’ll get the last. I guess we each get something the other’ll never have.”  Barnes mused as he watches the happy couple climb into a waiting car. ‘Just married’ scrawled on the back window and a string of cans dragging behind.
“Did I tell you that I once met a great wolf? His name is Fenrir and he lives in a big cave on an island far in the northern ocean. I ran away once, I ran so far until I saw no more and the air and sea was so cold. Then I came to the island and used my magic to walk on the pebbled beach, I thought I’d found a place where I could be all alone.”
Pepper cleared her throat thinking of the Russian alpha. “Ok point taken you care about them I’m proud of you.”
“Hey there reindeer games, ooo looking a little blue there scarecrow.” Stark's voice calls out, just as robust and annoying as ever.
Howard felt the little bauble hum against his skin. He hoped her words were true but right now, he had to take a chance. Trust her and save his son, or don’t and doom Tony to die.
Fishing out the device, he frowned at the caller ID, not Loki. Not anyone who would normally bother calling him up just to shoot the shit as it were.
The brunette smiled leaning in to lick and suckle one of the blonde’s nipples making Steve gasp and shudder. Taking one of the little buds between his teeth and pulling just enough to illicit a little cry. “Tell me where babe.”
“It’s ok…I’m gonna take ya home.” Steve said pulling away just enough to get his arms around his husband’s waist and help the genius to right the heavy armor.
Loneliness is bitter. No one ever said that wasn't. Banner supposes that even his creature must feel the same. He knows the hulk is a danger, despite the good the other has attributed to. There is always destruction in his wake.
“If your wondering.” Kurt said softly. “It was worth it Loki. You would make a wonderful parent to a child. You have so much love in you that I can see just under the surface. I know you like to pretend you don't.”
Natasha looked around the small area and inclined her head, “Well I guess the rest of Shield wasn’t on board with your…vision.”
It was a few days later, since Bruce had called Steve down to the lab for a couple of additional tests. Not that he ever said what he was looking for. Steve didn’t ask either, the scientist was looking harried as he poured over notes, and the solider felt guilty for causing Bruce so much work.
His evenings were focused on helping another member of his family. Loki, the omega had become very important to all of them and Bruce truly hoped he could aid in easing the ravenettes pain.
Maybe storming out of the main control deck was a bit much but honestly, he needed some air before he punched a hole through someone.
Tony scrubs his face and looks over, glaring at the instrument in the other alpha's hands. “No, it wouldn't. I just...had to know how far this shit went. I fucked up this time Buck, I don't think I can trust myself anymore. I shouldn't have...I”
Loki wasn't like his brother though, a different species Bruce had said. One that no one even had a base line on, so it was possible, though maybe less likely. Could it explain the tremble?
Amora uses her magic and Loki's that still resides within the gem to not only supplement the infant’s life source, but to change him into a mer.
Sure enough “HentaiZilla’ which Clint started calling it… (Phil turned pink at that, kind of amusing) swung out one of it serpent like limbs and batted Stark away like a troublesome fly.
“Petey, Wendy babies...” Feeling a lump form in his throat as he hit knees and held his children. These are mine, this is whats important. “Where's Papa ?”
When Steve made it back to New York, he sat alone in the small rental apartment just looking over pictures that were now faded with time. Coulson had kept them for him, and picked some up from Pepper before he came back. All the memories of what was both good and bad, Steve couldn't help but wonder why he always found himself in this place.
They needed something that would break the tide. Aim had joined up with Hydra and now they were using their numbers and influence to make everyday people question their government. Not that they couldn’t use a healthy dose of skepticism when it came to bureaucracy, Nick dint blamed anyone for taking a closer look at leadership. God knows he should have. The point was it wasn’t a true picture people were seeing. Hydra was playing cloak and dagger, a little bad press here, some anarchist influence there. Big brother wasn’t just shady he grew fangs over night and was out to steal firstborns.
The pup thought for a moment, tapping his lip with one chubby little finger. “Wendy likes it when papa puts cheese in her eggs, I like pop tarts.”
“Jesus Christ…” Clint muttered rubbing his palms over his face, “What does that even mean? Shit sounds like an alien lobotomy”
Loki frowned as he heard the words tumble from the ailing boy’s lips. Suddenly they all clicked into place. The beast was not a beast, and Anthony was not just ill, the life force was being drained from him. The life that only one person could have put there. “Darcy I need you to listen to me, Take Anthony to the surface just past the eastern gate. I need to go.”
When the dust settled, Sarah found herself a widow in the wake of war. Despite winning the war the lands of Marvellia had been ravaged by the conflict. With the country in the state as it was, Sarah retreated from the Duke’s estate to a small yet fine little farm house. Being a woman still in her youth it was expected for Sarah to take another husband, many of the men who served alongside Joseph had attempted to court her. However, Sarah had enough of soldiers and warfare. Mayhaps that pain would never leave her; even as she watched her baby sleep, she could see her fallen love yet live. There in the shape of Steven’s nose and the stormy blue of the child’s eyes. She quietly hoped and prayed that he would never take up a sword, as her heart could now bear to lose again.
Every time they struck him with there fists and guns he would turn his heat and spit a stream of blood, “I can’t talk with a broken jaw ya know…” Antagonizing his attacker probably wasn’t the best choice but Steve was a sarcastic little shit on his best days.
“Brother Stay with him!” Badlr said as he pulled the sword from his belt and headed out of the healing room as the castle began to shake.
Bruce knew a lot about this particular form of suffering. There had been many a night and long day where he had laid in dark dusty hotel room or filthy little hovels, just wanting it all to be over. He had admitted to the team that in his lowest points he had taken an active role in putting an end to his life. An attempt that the other guy put a stop to. Bruce didn't know if Loki had done anything like that while here and Thor had always been tight lipped. There had been some hushed talk of an incident during Loki's incarceration. That had been a few years ago and from all outside appearances it looked as if things with Barnes had help not only Loki but James as well.
The omega nodded along and allowed the other man to fall into step next to him, “I suppose that means I shall have some additional work today as well.” This wasn't a problem, Loki had made himself knowledgeable in a myriad of subjects. Not to mention the thankful distractions additional classes would bring.
In his heart of hearts this was the closest thing he had to going home to family. James has a vague memory of his elder sister coming back home once when she'd gotten into an argument with her Alpha. The way his mother and the other ladies in the tenement rallied around her and their house smelled of spices and warmth. Or the times when Steve was so sick and his mother had to work, how they would always welcome them into their tiny apartment. The way his mother would turn the living room into a nest with all the cushions, pillows and blankets they had before stoking the old oven to warm the place up. They would all curl up, his family and Steve. Somewhere in the shamble that now made up James' mind he had wanted that. He wanted to see Loki and his pups, Steve and his family, Natasha and her, hell even Barton and his little hellions – all together like that. There were nights when James could almost see it.
Bruce nodded along and slipped the tablet from the seething nobles fingers. "That's just their opinion and one I do not agree with. I think you look very handsome. Now, what do you want for dinner?"
It was a loaded question that Steve had often contemplated. “ At first all anyone could see was what the serum made me. The man was respected, the scrawny omega from Brooklyn? Not so much. Then they didn't even care about Steve Rogers, I was just ' the Captain'. After a while I thought that's all I was good for. It took Tony to help me finally see and be open enough to see that I was still that kid.  Still just wanting to be more and not really knowing how.  Then I realized All the people that cared not because I was Captain America -because I  was Steve.”
Maybe it was the weeks following the nearly mortal injury Loki had received protecting his brother, and his subsequent exile. They all wearily watched as a too pale too quiet former villain turned down in the glowing light of the rainbow bridge and just...skulked off with out saying a word. 'He just needs time.' Thor had said.
Steve had thought about it, a lot recently if he was being honest with himself. Maybe the whole 'biological clock' thing was a big farce, but he still felt something. Just a few days ago, he had been packing up some of Peter and Wendy's old baby clothes to pass along to Pepper and Natasha. He sat there holding a pair of Wendy's little socks and almost cried. He missed it. “Yeah and… I think I’m ready to tell people. When the kids were young, I didn’t realize how much it hurt to have people look at us and think it was strange that two Alpha’s were raising pups. I guess I put it out of my mind because we had other things going on. Peter is getting older and I don’t want him to be ashamed about being an omega.”
“Twins Steve, two…two babies. Not one but two so there’s…twins. Oh god I need a drink…do I get two drinks? I feel like that is fair right? One scotch per fetus?“ Tony finally shot out of the seat and Steve was really confused when the alpha grabbed his face and kissed him full on the mouth with everything he had.  When they parted, Simmons was just standing there red in the face trying to avert her eyes and Bruce was just standing off to the side, as all of this was completely normal.
Of course Steve hadn’t died, he just wished he had by the time it was over. ‘Failure to nature’ was what they called it. Just something else he couldn’t do right.
Tony stood there completely ill prepared to handle the sobbing 6ft+ mass of super solider who all but tackled him in tears.  Poor Steve with his Levis unbuttoned sitting low on his hips. Blubbering something about Tony not loving him anymore if he was out of shape.
The super soldier ran his fingers over the tan beaten surface, 70 years this book had survived. This book had seen more life than he had. Steve wondered if Howard knew about Bucky, if Peggy knew… then again Zola hadn’t come right out and said it but it was clear who was responsible for Howard and Maria’s deaths. Now here Steve sat in their son’s home thinking about their killer before reading about Howard’s concern for him.
“How ya doing Ghost Pirate, down in Miami will all the other retired killers and Spy friends drinking sangria and watching golden girls?”
One that wasn’t a battered old soldier who couldn’t even take a cold shower with out cringing. One that could give Tony all the things Steve couldn’t.
By now, others around the royal family began to take notice including Thor and Jane, the former immediately coming over to see what the problem was.
“He’s right Buck.” Steve said, quietly placing a hand on his friends back. “We trust Bruce and anything that happens here in the tower will stay here. Loki won’t have to go to shield or see anyone he doesn’t know. “
To bad no one told him that every room in the tower was under constant surveillance and Tony Stark was just itching for some pay back for that whole 'throwing out the window thing". And catching the fallen prince of Asgard singing Disney show tunes was just the ticket.
It's never just words not when you're already broken. They just fall on top and for into you slowly- bringing up other words from your head.
"I know you're magical dress up game Lokes. That junk heap is running off a shotty generator and I know it doesn't have running water so unless you're springing for dry cleaning. I call bullshit on the fresh duds." Tony gestured to the leathers and cape, a shadow of the original Loki that looked more like the invader and less like the brief glimpse of the man he had seen a year ago.
That wasn’t like him, Tony expected a little more resistance before Steve lifted up his arms and let himself be dressed. “You got this, we got this, it has been got. Ok?” Tony rubbed roughly over his shoulders and Steve wanted to thank him for not using those feather light condescending touches. He preferred this- the warmth of the inventors work callused hands as they pushed and pulled over his too smooth skin. “First times are always messy, unsatisfying and end with a lil crying.”
“Steven, I need you to go to the market and drop off a parcel for me.” Alexander said as he entered the kitchen where his stepson was currently making breakfast.
The alpha rolled his eyes, “Yeah I’ll take my chances, you look like crap capcicle. Go take a hot shower and get in bed. I swear I will purell myself.”
He had been bitten, stung, hit, squeezed, knocked out, and many other verbs that generally mean he fails at life and safety. Still, no one could say the mer was not tenacious. If anything could be said for Anthony Lokison, it was that he was going to do something great one day…or die horribly. It was really a toss up.
The AI confirmed and Tony stood up rubbing his mildly pizza greased hands on his jeans. “I’ll get it and drop it off at your room, ya know in case you want to be... Alone. Well, good talk champ.” And with that, he was gone.
“I was speaking with Kurt during our visit; he brought up some interesting points that I hadn't considered.”
Therefore, Amora did what she always did when she wanted to think. She swam to a rocky cove that surrounded a small island; there she would sit beneath the stars and watch the sun fall into the sea. Perhaps call out in her siren song to passing ships and watch the men on deck shiver in fear.
Loki tangled his fingers up in the alphas still sweat dampened hair and felt is heart rate spike and stomach flutter. “Then have me.” a slow smirk curling his lips. Each subtle touch lighting him on fire.
Again my best lies are to myself when I said. " He will return safe, I will have time to tell him..time to offer him more than this short existence."
“Such a glowing disposition Katniss! Fortunately I donate literally a shit ton of money to this hospital so I don’t think they will mind if I bend the rules a little.” Tony said flipping up the suits faceplate as he sauntered toward the door.
“You agree to find that sea witch; I will restore Sergeant Barnes and pay you all handsomely for your efforts. I wanted not only experiences sailors but also warriors. I believe that with the technology I have created, the maps I have gathered and your expertise…I can finally get my revenge. Will you agree?”
The brunettes head cocked to the side… why must people hand him things! Still this was for Steve and Tony was admittedly curious so he took the document. “So what…. Beta? You boys thought that the war effort would suffer from something like that. Or that it would matter at all now?  I gatta say I’m disappointed. I thought that maybe you were going to say that he was an alien or something awesome. Maybe a third nipple we don’t know about?”
“Very well Sir, according to Oxford. Upgrade is a verb meaning to raise (something) to a higher standard, in particular improve (equipment or machinery) by adding or replacing components.”  The Ai spoke with a slight pause before adding, “In this case Captain, Sir upgraded the visual appearance of your Shield.”
He should have known. If someone would have told him sooner he would have come back, no matter how Stubborn Tony was he would have come back.
The elevator pinged and opened to a common floor with sofas. “Welcome to Avengers Tower!”  Tony stepped out stretching out his arms. “Just a little project I’ve been working on.”
He would spend hours watching people in the city, capturing their movements and faces. Making up stories in his head about the kind of lives they lead. Lives so much more interesting than his own.  The facades of buildings, the sleek body styles of the cars on the streets. The Loews Pitkin Theatre with its bright lights and film posters, Steve use to dream of being one of the artists who made movie posters.
“Oh Tones…ok, I’ll go.” Bruce didn’t feel the same irritation he had before, now it was just sadness and pity. His shoulders dropped and he left the workshop pausing to look back for a moment. “
He could end this, Hydra, Aim, any of these little start up punks. It was an attractive prospect. Sure, there would always be corruption - but to cripple and destroy it on a global level?  He couldn‘t pass that up. Fury was making his move, “Checkmate mother fuckers”
“Morning Kurt how are you?” Loki managed to smile, and it was genuine for once. When it came to Kurt Wagner, the x-men known as Night crawler, had managed to endear himself to the mage. In all honestly, Kurt was easy to like, he was kind and always looking after other. Despite how some may perceive the man due to his characteristics. Wagner was a kind soul and just the right person to connect with the fallen prince.
Pepper moaned happily biting into the apple treat. “This is it. I love you Steve. Sorry Bruce honey you and Nat have to go, Steve and his food can stay.”
This was different though, this was the usual – 'I don't socialize with mortals' air that Loki had from time to time, this was something else, something dark that clung on the tall slender man like a led coat.
Everyone just giggled and grinned letting the young royal go off on a tangent as they returned to the palace.
“Hey… what’s this…?” Before Steve could say Tony had already plucked the little image and was turning it this way and that looking at it. “Oh god… oh god it’s a tumor isn’t it… you have some freaky kind of cancer. They lied to me those coward us bastards they were just going to let you do it weren’t they!”
“Gimme 10 minutes.” The alpha nipped at his ear grinding his morning erection into the soldier’s stomach.
Yet Avengers Tower was not the Palace of Asgard, and it most definitely was not his home. Loki dearly began missing the cabins silence. He longed ardently to go for leisurely walks through the moonlit woods and feel the breeze dancing through the magnificently lofty trees. The crisp clean scent of fragrant pine and wild flowers in the spring. It may not have been the lush and exotic sights of the various realms he'd traversed, yet it held it was own magic. A sort of hum through the soil that lit is nerves and blanketed his very soul with warmth.
What was surprising though was when Steve stepped out to take a phone call one morning and he came back to a sight that make is heartache.
Sam intervened sensing the bitterness in the old mans words. They hadn't come here to torture him with painful memories. “Mr. Stark, we are truly sorry for your loss. However, your advertisement…”
Now, he could say he has everything. Now, he could say he knows what luxury is, and it sure didn’t look like stacks of green paper or golden staircases, smell of Gucci colognes, or taste of caviar.
Now he felt empty and wondered what it would be like to look in that often-empty back seat and see it filled with pillows and car seats, toys and other distractions. Would his little one wail in the night and James, as kind as his alpha is, take the babe out for a late night drive just to lull them to sleep? Would they be like this one day? Driving into the city so that their children could spend the night with their elder cousins?
“I…” Tony seemed to choke on the words as his eyes filled with tears. He couldn’t look at Steve because every time he did he saw that long black casket draped with a flag. He could feel the blood on his hands; he could see Peters face begging him not to leave… “What have I done…?”
“Captain Rogers, your vital signs imply that you are in distress. Is there anything I can do?” Jarvis’ voice lit from the ceiling.
The first item he noticed was a medical file with a photo of a boy stapled in the corner. He had seen similar old photos of Steve, but none this personal.  For some reason Tony felt his stomach flip looking at the black and white of a shy skinny boy. The young man stood before the camera with his hands clasped in front of him, shoulders hunched submissively. He was shirtless and looked so nervous and sickly, the scrawl under the photo read “ Subject : Steven Grant Rogers/ age: 20”
Thankfully, the nesting room on Steve’s floor had not been used for storage. It only took a few moments the get the room temperature right and bring in some blankets from the linen closet. Tony left the floor only once for a quick trip back up to the pent house for Steve’s favorite throw that was on his sofa. Most days the soldier would deny liking the plush grey blanket but there was no mistake in the way Steve would comb his fingertips ideally through the short fur when they watched a movie. Tony always found that cute.
The mood sobered from frat house antics. Tony wanted to go home if he was being honest with himself. He also knew if he left the team and something happened he couldn’t’ forgive himself.
“Um…” Tony swam around looking for an explanation, he felt around the walls for some kind of switch or maybe a leaver of some kind. “Hold on hold on…there’s gatta be…” He reached blindly into the darkness and felt his hand strike something sharp. “Ow!” the child squealed pulling his hand back.
Enemy jeeps swarmed around flanking them, Lower turrents emerged from the base walls to begin long-range barrage attacks and the tanks moved in. This wasn‘t going to be easy. A terrifying thought entered the Captains’ head.
She sweeps his legs away and lands hard on the older mans chest, a thin blade pressed to his cheek. “ You’re lucky it was me, Bruce wanted to let the other guy deal with you. I don‘t want to kill you Nick, but don’t ever let me catch you near Steve, Tony, or Peter ever again. Or you will lose your other eye.”
"Brother, if you truly mean to reform yourself and win the Lady Romanov's hand then you must show her your skill! Prove your strength. Jane adores when I do such things for her." Thor said giving his brother a hearty clap on the back.
“Steve don’t. Do not do that.” Tony stood from the table, his chair creaking across the floor as the man leaned forward on his palms. “ Don’t act like you’re the root of this because I’ll tell you what would have happened. If  Steve Roger had never been Captain America this whole country would be snapping their fucking heels to a hydra flag right now and my old man would be dead anyway. I, would be dead anyway because there is no way I would stand here and watch people be controlled by some glorified Halloween lawn decoration in pleather! No you can sit here and you can blame yourself and I get that. I am the king of personal guilt. Or, you let the past live in the past.”
In that moment, Tony believes Bruce, he has to believe him because he has to believe that this is going to get better, that he did the right thing when everything in his head is going a million miles and hour. He just wants to slow everything down again and feel like he used to. Maybe that's why he lets the beta wrap his arms around him, why he leans into his friends shoulder and just shelters there for a few blessed moments trying to pull himself together. He has to get himself straight so that he can be there for Steve. For the kids.
Steve let out a chuckle and shook his head. Tony’s always been known to be charming and flirtatious, and while it was a good look on him, Steve knew it was more of a defense mechanism. He has spent nights watching interviews of Tony and noticed how hard the celebrity would bite and flip the tables. What one would consider to be embarrassing questions, Tony altered into jokes and charm. He made the hosts laugh and often threw flirty comments their way, and everyone cheered on.
The Avengers didn’t want to celebrate Christmas when it came and didn’t set up a tree the night before despite JARVIS letting them know that it was perfectly okay to do so. However, when they woke up and made their way to the communal floor, they found it decorated in gold-red-green lights, a newly installed fireplace that held socks of stockings to each member, even for Thor who wasn’t around yet, mugs of hot chocolate placed on the coffee table, and a huge Christmas tree standing in the middle of the spacious floor. Under it were stationed bots who woke up upon the entrance of the team ready to hand them their gifts.
Dum-E spilled some coffee on its way to the inventor, but Tony accepted it with much gratitude and smiled at the beeping bot. “Dum-E, don’t be rude. We got a guest here. Put one teaspoon of creamer and two teaspoons of caramel syrup.” Dum-E beeped in acknowledgement and walked to the coffee machine.
However, the fifteenth therapist that had walked in stayed for the promised duration of two whole hours and has walked out of Tony’s office with a smile. The Avengers and Rhodey let out a breath of relief.
“Bingo. You really are a genius, huh? Or perhaps a really good murderer?” The man smiled at Tony. “They didn’t just divert from the contract. They killed our men back there. We're running out of weapons to ship over to them. They fucking knew this. So they fucking killed our men and got their loot. We had to send out a message, a warning.”
Hours of work pass by before he is approached by the young girl of matted hair holding a bowl of food. He doesn’t need to ask JARVIS for the translation of the words that would showcase his gratitude, for he had asked Yinsen of how to say it to him for every night that he has helped keep him alive. He takes the bowl from her and puts his face plate up to smile at her. “Shok-reya,” he tells her.
presence in his mind would knock the air out of his diminished lungs; the next he's the Steve Rogers he could never amount to his purity and beauty and strength and nobility and
Tony was basically tiptoeing on his feet with excitement to leave this place already. He practically bolted out of the kitchen as the terror seeped out of his pores with every step that neared the main door.
“He... he touched you too?” Steve whispered as he doubled over in his crouch, his stomach twisted and churned, and he wanted to make a run for the sink again.
“You think I’ll always take the easy way out. Always cutting the wire instead of putting myself on it. You fucking think that!”
“You do realize we’ve read your file, right? We know that this thing is what’s keeping you alive. So of course we’re concerned when it’s troubling you,” Bruce answered.
Tony raised a brow, but before he could speak, Rhodey said “Do you think I don’t know you? Do you really think I don’t know what any of this is?” He shuffled through the holograms with his eyes still fixed on the engineer. “I’m not gonna watch you kill yourself, Tony. I’m not gonna even allow you to.”
Then there were the labelled tapes, which consisted of Howard documenting experiments and occasionally calling Tony in just to end up beating him up or insulting him, yet another Christmas night filmed that ended with Howard punching Tony and demanding that he puts makeup on to cover the upcoming bruise to take a group picture for the media, and adorable and heartwarming tapes that Jarvis has filmed documenting the young boy’s birthdays. However, the older that he did get, the more broken he seemed. Jarvis tried oh so painfully hard to cheer the boy up, but it was evident that Tony only responded to not disappoint the British man.
He shot up from his bed, and nearly tumbled over on his way out of the room and down the long, long, staircase. He quickly located his teammate and found him hitting his head hard against the hard wall behind him. His eyes were shut tight, but the tears found an escape anyway, and he could see splotches of red on the wall. He rushed over to Tony to try and stop him, but the engineer let out a scream upon the contact.
a dark part of the soldiers mind supplied. He felt a shiver run along his spine at the faded flashes of memory. Dark water and the boom of metal and glass crashing into the sea. The way the hull creaked and leaks sprung - firing out bolts like bullets.  Those moments after impact when he panicked and for an instant changed his mind. He’d been so sure…he put the bird down with a clear head and he was sure… but then the deeper he sunk the more he realized he wasn’t so sure.
Tony saw the word; he understood it... It was just believing it that was the problem. Brown eyes flitted up to the photograph again; it made sense visually. Of course, this Steve was an Omega, but then could the serum have changed him that much? The answer was on the post serum work up.
“Fair enough, You are aware of your fathers involvement with the project that lead to the creation of the serum that, for all purpose took Steve Rogers from the ordinary unexceptional youth he was and turned him into the panicle of human existence”
Thanks for Clarifying that Tony, altho Caps given that  (imma fuck you up so bad you will be seeing some gad damn stars and stripes in a min) face so ....
Clint and Natasha flank their group of soldiers while Coulson took center.  The archer began targeting the machines and providing cover for his teammates while his assassin counterpart moved swiftly in to finish off stragglers with her bites.
“Everything about me …was a lie. I thought you all should know because…it may become an issue. I’d like to say that this will not affect my ability to lead or be useful in the field but…”
Charles smiled pushing away the troubling images. “He misses you; I believe Logan does as well in his own way.”
was a quaint little place. They had a 1930’s theme that James seemed to always enjoy. The place was owned and operated by several young ladies who always tried to great their regular customers by name and remember their usual orders. It was charming and the children also enjoyed the activity and coloring pages at each booth.
James would always ease away and sit him up, holding a hand to Steve’s chest. He would frown feeling the uneven flutter under his palm and how flushed the younger man would become. “When I get back, I’ll have a pension to and I’ll take you outta here Stevie. We’ll get a real house and you can see a good doctor. No more stale bread and boiled potatoes, I promise doll. I promise.”
“No. I’ll crush you, gimme a pillow we can try from the side again…. You’re starting to piss me off so hurry up.”
The winter soldier knelt on a landing above, mask in place and eyes blank and cold. The gun was swiftly discarded and the asset leapt over the railing to face his forgotten friend.
"You were the closest thing i ever had to a Dad....I wish i would have told you that sooner...I wish i would have told you how much you where my hero, not just because of everything you did to say the world...but because you saved me.."
When they finally arrived, Cho took over. She had studies Loki’s unique biology - knowing the common drugs on earth would do nothing if the dosages where not tailored to the jotun. However, it became increasingly clear there would be no halting the labor.
The agent smiled raising a hand in greeting as he righted his posture from leaning against the door-frame. “I know this might come as a shock. Came as a shock to me honestly. It’s amazing what medical science and a little SHIELD underground tech can do.”
It was all there, Tony’s childhood in a nutshell. Losing Steve was what changed his father, how could Tony have not realized that? The way the old man always went to the national war memorial every year and how for just that one day he didn’t seem so cold. For a few brief moments Howard wasn’t all about the work and deals. He would take Tony down to the Smithsonian Plaza, stand in line just like everyone else, and go through those gilded double doors. They would walk under the planes and around the display tanks and Howard would point out all the ones he build and the ones from other countries. Then he would quiz Tony on all the other ones design flaws. Just a little game to pass the time as they walked through the crowds.
Steve was thankful for the levity, it is amazing how getting shot a few times made him feel like he did on any given day before the serum. He had almost forgotten what it was like to ache all over and have to lean with one hand on the wall just to use the Jon without falling over.  The alternative for any normal person would have been to die from such injuries. At the very least, he could thank the serum for that, or was he that thankful?
Before they adopted Peter, Tony had been so terrified about ending up just like Howard. Being some distant figure that showed up between business trips with expensive gifts and awkward words that was on better days. Worst case scenario the legendary weapons builder would stumble in drunk shouting, nothing Tony ever did was enough. He was nearly pulling his hair out when Steve said he thought they could have a family together.
It's hard to lay your burdens at the feet of someone else, Loki had always been he strong one. The silent shadow that bore all the ill will and shame with as much dignity as he could muster. However, even he had his breaking point. Curling into strong arms and burying his face in his alphas neck he tried to just breath. James knew it all and he was still here. He wanted to believe the man would stay but for how long. Maybe he should just take this. Steal this one little respite while it was offered and then maybe that would be enough.
“Tony! Tony damn it will you listen to me!” Rhodes shouted over the com, he didn’t want to do it but at least they weren’t in a populated area. “Tony I will shot you do you hear me!”
Tony frowned at the HUD before opening the com line; usually Steve was the first one back. Always looking everyone over and badgering some to head to medical. Always the mother hen of the group. “Hey Cap, did you get distracted by some baby ducks down by the lake?”
There wasn't a dry eye in the tower as Steve knelt down and opened his arms. "Yeah, you're the best boy Tony. You're dad bragged so much about his smart little guy."
Loki had been walking around like a shadow and Stark knew it would be a big blow to a lot of their pack if something happened to the ravenette.
“Just shut up a second ok? I'm not exactly hallmark cards and fuzzy sweaters. Point I'm trying to make here is that you are not alone, you told me to get my head outta my ass.  I appreciate the hell outta that so this is I telling you to look around. You say the word and we got you, you and Loki. As much as I never thought I'd say it that guy has weirdly grown on me.” Tony scooted forward and reached out to the other man. “One word, that's all. None of us wanted to step on any toes, I know if it was me, I'd spit glass rather than say I needed anything to help Steve. Just one word Bucky.”
Fury cuts him off with a glare, “I'm not having you scoop up a hydra agent just for them to crack some cyanide and give us nothing. You should know that song and dance by heart now.”
James sat with his head in his hands, this whole time he believed the happy lie that they could settle into this new life and everything would come up roses.  He never questioned for one moment that it wouldn't happen. It was easier to think that they could leave everything behind them and that from day one they would be better.
Loki feels an odd kind of peace in the atmosphere for the first time in ages. He almost wants to cry when Peter walks over and climbs up into his lap during his exam, Wendy has claimed her uncle Bucky for her exam. It’s sweet and comforting despite the longing Loki feels in his heart of the little warm weight in his arms.   Watching the little ones and as a surprise turn of evens – Barton  who Steve and Phil  man handle into being checked out.  Loki never liked going to healers but this was vastly different than Asgard.
Fury had a bigger picture, a plan that would create an army in an instant. The people would lose one solider and gain a harbinger. There would be a call to action so angry and so loud no one would ignore it, it would light a fire and force the people to take a stand against the forces that would seek to lead them into the darkness.
War machine locked on and the shoulder torrent whirled as rounds flooded the firing chamber. “Don’t make me do this, we can talk about it. Just come down and talk to me Tones, I know your hurting but…”
“Tony…” Doctor Banner intervened, “The tower is advanced enough that I can have anything we might need brought up here it’s not that big of a deal. If Steve feels more comfortable here I think you should just let this one go.”
“Indeed, Bruce presented us with our options.” Loki still had not looked up. “Although, considering it now perhaps it would be wrong for me to wish children of my own given my own misdeeds.”
“No way.” Steve lunged pinning the inventor under him. “I’m not letting you out of my sight, you got that.”
Just like putting on his gear and prepping his gun- this was part of going to work. This was something he could take off and pack away when the day was over. A dark reminder of the asset he once was- the killer he was still capable of being, but there was one outstanding difference between now and then.
Thor had a promise to keep, a promise he had broken before. “I won’t let it and you won’t either. I will never give up on you Loki. You must have faith in yourself.”
Steve sat in the rec room watching Clint and Sam argue over a game of Mario cart when the elevator doors opened and Tony walked in with a familiar figure.
“This modified version should act pretty quickly, it might...get messy though. Buck...I, I need you to promise me something ok.”
Bruce had come home from a meeting with Tony and found Loki inconsolable watching the Disney channel. There had been a movie marathon and after Bambi's dead mother, Elsa and her ice powers, and Belle and her Beast. Loki had too many complicated feelings and was now surrounded by tissues and empty tea cups.
“Fine… just . . . Fine.” Steve said, though his words lacked conviction as he slowly turned and sat his aching feet on the floor. It was just past 3:17 am. He’d gone to sleep a little after midnight and taken a while to slip into dream. Steve tried to recall the last time he checked the clock. Had it been 1 am or 1:45? Something like that.
His fair Jane blushed and snatched the little item from his hand. “Their um…used to stop bleeding in….areas….Anyway are you ready to go?”
“That’s not what I said Steve. You’re the one always talking about having all the Intel first.” Bruce wasn’t aiming to sound condescending and maybe Steve was just worked up but it sounded that way.
He stood quickly, a split second decision to walk back up the field rather than use magic. It wouldn't matter with Kurt, the man had the ability to move freely through the school much like Loki ( if one did not account for the stench of brimstone and sulfur).
“Tony are you alright?” Pepper came on the HUD screen looking as lovely as ever, thankfully only mildly annoyed.
“The hides to thick, to use my batons. Sam how about you?” Natasha replied sending another charge into the beast. She had yet to test the side arms Stark had provided because she knew they would do better in close and she wasn’t sure where on the sea serpents body would be a lethal enough hit.
The guards approached and saw the little bundle in the sirens arms with just a hint of a tail fin peeking out of the end of the wrappings. Knowing who she was one called for a messenger to fetch Prince Loki. Amora however stopped him.
Badlr moved between his brothers with a placating hand. “He’s right; we’ll take Anthony out of here and have him tended to.”
Tony had no idea what happened, his knees gave out and then Happy's arms were around the his shoulders. Pepper was there touching his hair and repeating those tearful apologies. But it was like listening through water, it was cold and far away and he felt like his heart had stopped and he was just floating there in limbo. It was like having the reactor torn out all over again.
Loki really did. The last thing he wanted was for his little boy to suffer stigma. He had worked so hard to make sure no one found out or even suspected that Tony wasn’t his son. He knew how badly that would hurt…he had found out by accident that he was in fact not his father’s son. Of course, he never let on that he knew and the secret remained to this day. Yet that had changed him as a child, reinforcing the fact that he was different - unusual, strange. He never wanted that for Anthony.
Tony feels like a ton of bricks has been dropped on his head. His skull feels like its splitting open because he can see...he can see and hear everything and its too much, Satellite networks, news feeds, social media junk, and radio chatter filling his ears. “Stop...Stop …please god ...” He's jerking violently, howling in pain then everything just goes black and that makes it worse. His first thought is that he's blind. How was he going to be of use to anyone if he was blind?
“Dang, here I thought I'd have a captive audience. I guess tiny Steve stories are only as good as the history channel can make them. I could tell you one about big Steve though.  You might understand it better than most. How you you can close your eyes one moment and know what life is and what your doing and then waking up and feeling alone and lost.”
It was just your average, run-of-the-mill, wonderfully boring Tuesday. A blessedly boring day that he could hopefully spend in his boxers just laying around, and with a little luck -without them on entertaining his omega.
“Damn it…” Loki glanced around at the state of the living room, quickly vanishing the lazy Afghan and tea cup. The glass door slid open with a flick of his writs. “Outside Duchess.”
“I can’t lose anyone else.” Steve said to himself, sitting alone in the quinjet. They would be leaving soon, once they returned decisions would need to be made. More than that, he would have to have a talk with Tony. He would have to accept whatever that meant.
Steve often found himself reflecting on his live these days, spending to much time looking in history books at the things he’d missed. He cried when he read about Vietnam, saw the vibrant color photos of young men carried out of the jungle on stretcher to waiting helicopters. Watching documentaries about how the whole country treated their returning soldiers’ like criminals. Called them names and left them to rot, these where teenagers just following orders. Maybe it was a war that shouldn’t have been fought, but even so…it broke Steve’s heart.
Even now as James told Bruce how fortunate they felt for all of the help, Loki could see in the good doctors manner that Bruce wished he could have done more.
Steve’s blue eyes widened at the implication… “James you don’t want me…you should settle down with a nice beta girl or …or even a better,  another omega when you can. I’m…well I mean look at me.”
“Knock knock” Jemma sang as she came to the door with Bruce hold two little bundles. “They are perfect and miss you terribly.”
Howard went into the cabin and looked down at his sleeping son; Tony looked so small and vulnerable. “Everything’s going to get better ok honey?” He said with a bittersweet smile as he opened the cradle and lifted out the infant. Howard wrapped the boy in a blanket to protect against the cool night air.
Steve seemed to acquiesces, walking into the room and gesturing to the sofa. “Alright, I'm listening.”
“Stevie are you on that again! Look, I know you don’t like it but I agree with the laws, you don’t need to be in a place like that, you’re too sweet for all that babe. ” Bucky said, seating himself next to his childhood friend.
Steve was floored to think Tony would so easily invite Bucky to the tower, considering everything he knew. They had not talked about it much aside from Tony expressing that - while he understands the difference between Bucky and the Winter Soldier, part of him will always wonder things about the night his parents died, will always know that Barnes…a man his father trusted at one time, had been the one who killed him. Something about that would never go away.’ Even so, Tony was remarkably forgiving, even if he did not forget he was willing to try and that meant the world to Steve.
“There’s my sweetheart.” Bucky said cupping his lovers face in his still human hand. “Pretty as a picture. Come on babe pucker those lips for me.”
The alpha felt the deep growl as it emanated from his chest. “Hell yeah.” He muttered closing the distance between them before caging his omega in his arms against the wall. Planting his face against that long porcelain neck and breaking in the warm scents of cedar and ice. James raked his teeth over Loki's pulse point and felt his lithe lover tremble. “I want you so bad sweetheart.” his voice rumbled with tentative want. He didn't want to push too hard too fast but it was difficult with such beauty at his fingertips.
It felt like it took to long for Barnes, it felt like an eternity watching Loki writhe and grit his teeth against the pain.
Jane wasn't confident if it was her place to reveal or not. “This...it's an omega issue. There is a lot more emotional factors at play here.”
Steve snorted and closed his eyes, “Daddy is going to be on diaper duty for a month if he keeps it up.”
“What the hell does that mean for us?” Barnes said, looking around the corner to see Mallen standing up – his body regenerating.
That sick sour tinge lingering just at the edge of their bond made the alpha worry. It was clear that Loki wasn't hiding as much as he was before, whether this was a conscious effort or not remained to be seen. James wished things were different for them but this was life and you had to deal with the uncontrollable variables outside of yourself. Even if all James wanted to do was hold his omega and try to fix whatever it was that Loki was wrestling with.
Tony cringed, when Pepper ‘would like to speak’ that was pleasant British tech vernacular for ‘you bought to get your ass chewed.’  “Patch her through J.”
“Christ Almighty....” James says and Tony realizes he must look like shit for one of the Brooklyn boys to take the Lords name in vain.
Back then, all he wanted was Steve. He had these great ideas of coming home from the war to the sweet little omega and settling down. Then Steve changed, not just in body but in other ways too.
Following their bonding, Steve’s nightmares came to an end. For the first time in weeks the soldier slept through the night peacefully.
Beware my sketchy science! As for how my Omegaverse works, its a lot like most in that trope. I subscribe to this physical representation!
Fury’s nostrils flared, lips pressing in a tin line. “If you do this, take out the headquarters now. All that’s going to do is give rise for the remaining smaller factions to rise up. It might take them years but they will rebuild, that’s not killing Hydra that’s just cutting off the biggest head. If you recall that doesn’t work.”
Watching his infant son struggle to thrive, spurred Howard to dig through everything he had built or imagined over the years. There had to be something in the piles of scrap, something in the rattling corridors of his supposed genius mind that could save his child. The was no way he could do the things he did , be the man he was if in all his works there wasn't something he could do.
The soldier had missed so much time with his little boy, all these months had to have been painful for Peter, Having lost one parent and then slowly watch the other fall apart and distance themselves. There was no way that a child that young would have been able to understand why things where happening around him.
The Avengers held a press conference stating that Steve is alive, his body had been ‘miss identified’. The cover-story, that he had suffered a traumatic injury and spent the better part of a year - missing and wandering around with no idea who he was or where he was. They used the theory that his injuries were so grievous it  took some time  before the serum had repaired all of the damage giving him back his faculties so that the Captain could find his way back. It was both believable and fantastic; the media went wild with the heartwarming story of perseverance and strength. If anything, it called up even more patriotism and meaningful folk-songs hitting the top 40.
A slight smile curls on Loki's mouth. “intent to regal a new victim about young Steven Roger wanting so much more in life. James may have beaten you to the punch I'm afraid.”
No. he wasn't handing this over to SHIELD and their grubby little hands. No one should have this, not even him if he was being honest – still there needed to be contingency. The fact that this was able to work spoke volumes about how intelligent and sophisticated his AI was, he'd have to congratulate Jarvis later. Maybe when this was all done he'd find away to code a special ' vacation' simulator for his AI. “The suit thanks Jarvis.”
The solider gasped reaching forward to brace himself against the wall. Finally, a warm tongue flicked out and slowly licked the tip.
“I got you Tones; I got you ok? Don't worry about it. I'm gonna haul your heavy ass up to the surface and we will wait for your dad to come and get us. Everything going to be fine.”
“There all my rooms’ birdbrain.” Tony says, he’s not moving though. If anything, he’s getting closer and I can smell him now. Is he. Posturing right now?
The once prince smirked and stretched his own longer frame out beside his mate. “Well, where you lack in taste of cuisine you do make up for with taste in men.”
“I will tell father you died with honor.” The words hurt coming out because Thor knew it would not really matter. Odin had already turned his back on Loki. Still he held the man he once called brother, still looked into those sea green eyes as they turned glassy and gray. He looked so much as he did all those years ago, eyes bright with unshed tears - staring up at him in that small voice asking ‘am I brave now brother?’
He lifted out the ball and noticed a pair of numbers written in marker on the white leather. They were seat numbers.  “Is this…”
Tony combed his fingers through the slightly dampened golden hair and watched as the soldiers breath evened out under his touch. Part of the billionaire wondered if the kids would be like this one day. If they would come and crowd the bed when nightmares came calling. If his little son or Daughter would curl up on his chest and for comfort. Tony could imagine a child in Steve’s arms; it was a difficult image to conjure up. For him it was a little different. Howard had never been an extremely warm man; Tony learned early on that Stark men should not need anyone. Even if he just wanted…he could never ’need’.
Sounds of exotic animal calls and African chants filled the tower. This probably wasn't the weirdest thing that Tony had asked of them but....whatever.
It felt like they were alone in a cathedral with standing room only.  For Tony his whole world was up there at the foot of the alter in that long pine box, sleek, black, unforgiving, and draped with an American flag. It was so final.
Rogers had been doing just that when his friend Bucky came running into their tiny apartment in the Bronx. The blond set down his pencil and smiled at the excited beta as he flitted around waving a handful of papers.
He'd been divested of his power, left blind and cripple...all in the name of a family he once loathed and a world he once tried to rule. It was almost humorous if it had not hurt as much as it did. Perhaps this was some cosmic joke that the once feared god of Mischief would be brought to heel as little more than a mortal himself. All because he had to do the stupid thing and be noble for once in his miserable life. Loki had finally made the right choice, not because it was easy or it would win him, praise or acclaim...but because he wanted someone else to live. Who knew honor was so...painful. Who knew there was a limit to the divine power of a once godlike being? Or a monster that he had come to believe himself to be.
The omega tipped his head to one side and poured himself another cup of tea, “It was bearable, dare I say mildly enjoyable.” His voice as even as if commenting on the weather. For all purposes, it should have soothed that itch in the back of the alphas mind. Yet it didn't.
Bucky turned and eyed him silently, face as unreadable as ever. “I wasn’t worried ya know. You’re like a cockroach, never could keep ya down. Him though…” Bucky nodded in Tony’s direction where the man had finally slipped from the armor and was currently sitting on the dropped boarding ramp of the quinjet. “He pretends like he’s strong, kinda like this scrawny punk I used to know…but really…he’s all tore up on the inside. Broken men are dangerous… I would know.”
Bruce sighed and wrung out the rag once again. “I need to know, how are things at home?” Why did this need to be so hard, it wasn't like he was Loki's best friend. How likely was it the other man would even be honest with him. “Are you safe Loki? You can tell me the truth, if you don't want your alpha in here I will make sure you are safe. And..and we can get James the help he needs.”
