Speak of the devil and he's sure to appear… and bring his violin along with him… Please, kill me now…
Sherlock sat down next to John and picked up the box, removing the lid.  He brought it up to his face, eyes closing as he breathed in the scent that arose from the box.  “I kept all of them, you know,” he said quietly.  John wasn’t sure what he was talking about, but stilled with his arm still under the bed, where it had been groping for the book.  “Oh?” he said, not knowing anything else to say.
“Problem?”  John smiled incredulously, glancing over at Mike as though he might have some insight, before turning back to the man again.
That picture unlocked the entire case for him - he could tell from the light on the client's face that her dressing table was right by the window, and it was obvious then what had happened.  The night was unseasonably warm, on top of which she'd left the heating cranked up too far before she'd gone out, so she'd left the bedroom window open and the curtains a little ajar to let the breeze into the room.  Turns out there is a tree in her garden with a magpie nest in - the magpie had spotted the twinkling reflection of the diamonds as the breeze had blown the curtain around, hopped in through the open window and pinched the necklace!!  Ten minutes of Sherlock up a tree later, and one valuable diamond necklace was safely returned to a grateful client, along with instructions to either keep the windows closed in future, or to lock up the jewels before bed!
Twenty-hundred hours: Captain John Watson walked down the corridor towards his office, eyes flicking over the names on his clipboard.  He was pleased with the way this new batch of lads was working out.  There were a couple that he thought had the potential to be problematic, but on the whole, they seemed to be a good bunch of lads, if a little misguided.
did. Told Mike this morning that I must be a difficult man to find a flatmate for. Now here he is just after lunch with an old Omega friend, clearly just home from military service in Afghanistan. Wasn’t that difficult a leap.”  The man’s description of John jogged his memory again.
John had received the text from Greg, and found himself automatically responding in the negative before he remembered his new vow.  He deleted the message and started over, sending a simple acceptance, and checking where and when.  There was no time like the present to start changing his life.
“It looked very much as though you were kissing him back,” Sherlock responded, finally bringing his eyes up to meet John’s.
At his words, Sherlock leapt across the room, tearing his clothes off as he went.  “Are you sure?” he growled, visibly fighting the urge to just
John could see as it slid out that it was one of the boxes Sherlock’s ridiculously expensive handmade Italian leather shoes came in.  At least, that was John’s assumption, he didn’t speak Italian, so couldn’t know for sure what the writing on the box said.  The box was the right sort of size and shape though, and there was an address in Via Montenapoleone, Milano.  John had travelled enough of the world to know that Milan was in Italy, and so he felt it was almost certain the box was a shoebox.  He felt quite pleased with the deduction, until he realised that by Sherlock’s standards it was child’s play.
“That all seems fine, Sherlock, if you could turn around please?”  Sherlock struggled to understand, why had he stopped?  Was his conscience kicking in now?  He stood upright and turned around, and was immediately pushed back by Dr Watson’s strong hands on his hips.  Off balance for real this time, he fell back against the couch, feeling its edge against the top of his buttocks.  Dr Watson looked him straight in the eyes, and with his still lubricated hand, took hold of Sherlock’s testicles, giving them a slight squeeze, and with the other hand took a firm grip on the hard shaft where Sherlock’s hand had been moments before.  Sherlock responded to the unspoken question with a single word – “Please…”
“That was brilliant,” said little Archie’s dad, “I’ve never seen anything so funny in my life!  The way you managed to mess up every single trick you tried was hilarious, I thought Archie was going to be sick he was laughing so hard!”
Sherlock knew this was likely to result in a telling off, he didn’t eat on any kind of regular schedule as it interfered with the work.  The body was just transport, after all, providing it kept going while he was doing Lestrade’s job, it didn’t matter what it looked like.  Reluctantly he began to remove his jacket, knowing this was an argument he should concede.
Sherlock had been furious, one of the bags in the fridge had contained an experiment he’d been running for a month, and which had been near fruition.  John had calmly explained that if
“Mr Ho- Sherlock, I need to test your reflexes, it’ll be easier to do that if you slip your trousers off.”  As Sherlock stood to remove them, John turned to pick up the small reflex hammer, allowing his patient (he kept reminding himself) some privacy, and giving himself enough breathing space that he would resist asking if Sherlock needed any help, and by the way, the medical form required a thorough examination of his penis too, could John assist with those tight fitting black trunks?  “Where do you want me?” that chocolate voice cut through his daydream, and John turned back to Sherlock, clearing his throat.  “Just where you were before is fine,” he said, heading back over to the couch.  “Now if you could just cross one leg over the other, please?”  Sherlock crossed his legs, ankle to knee, with a small smile on his face.  He leaned back on his hands; the effect was as though he had framed his erection with his body for John’s viewing pleasure.  Well two could play at that game, John thought, if his suspicions were correct.  He took a firm grip on Sherlock’s leg with his latex gloved hand, and slowly slid it along Sherlock’s knee until the other man was arranged to his satisfaction, saying “No, I mean like this.”  As he touched Sherlock’s bare skin, he made sure to look him straight in the eyes, and was rewarded with that same sharp hiss of indrawn breath from before.  “I was right,” John thought to himself, “It’s the latex, he’s got a thing about the latex!”  John conducted the reflex test, taking hold of Sherlock’s legs in his gloved hands to swap over and test the other side.  He carefully made some more notes on the medical form, and realised that he had now completed every question, each examination they had asked for had been done.
“They’ll have to bring you to me, I have too many experiments to be able to leave them to come to your house.  Anyway, my house is bigger,” William responded confidently.  “I expect I’ll see you in a couple of days, before I go off to school.”
When Greg had finished laughing, he spoke. “You sent a help text with your arse because Sherlock didn’t like you snogging another man?  That’s priceless! Don’t worry, I won’t let
Later that evening, as John sat in his armchair, engrossed in the British Medical Journal article he was reading, Sherlock spoke again.  He was laying lengthwise on the sofa, hands steepled beneath his chin, blue silky dressing gown wrapped around his lithe body.  “John, will you answer a question?”
“What are you still doing here, Jilly?” John mumbled.  “I thought Mark would have been over to get you by now!”  Mark was one half of Mrs Turner’s married ones, and Jilly’s owner.  John and Sherlock had agreed to look after her for a few days while the couple had a long weekend break in Cornwall.  At John’s words, Sherlock cocked his head to one side and made an odd noise John had never heard him make before.  “Sherlock? Are you okay? You’re acting very strangely today…” At his words, Jilly closed her eyes and let out a huge snort.  She walked over, carefully picked up John’s mobile from the floor by the sofa and dropped it in his lap, where it bounced right into his testicles, causing him to fold in half with a wince.  The berserker in his head responded by pounding on his brain with a sledgehammer, just for a little variety.
The phone rang at the moment; John stepped over and picked up the receiver.  As Sherlock listened to the one-sided conversation, he deduced who was calling and why, but affected curiosity.  “Just the receptionist.  Everyone’s gone for lunch, so it’s just the two of us in the building, I’m afraid!”
Finally they were both ready, and grabbing wallets and keys, they left Baker Street, heading for Mungo’s, and an eventful evening to come…
When John had gone into heat for the first time since moving into Baker Street, Sherlock had been abroad somewhere, on a mission for Mycroft.  John hadn’t been able to come as he didn’t have the necessary clearance, and besides, Mycroft had provided a couple of agents with SAS training to keep Sherlock safe.  John had phoned in to the clinic he’d managed to get some locum work with, then suffered through a wretched heat by himself, sweating and moaning in his bedroom with all the doors and windows tightly shut and locked to keep him safe from roaming Alphas.  Mrs Hudson had been the only one who could get access to the flat, and even then, she couldn’t get into John’s room.  Instead, she had left bottles of water and plates of biscuits for him – foods that were easy to nibble on during the few minutes of respite available to him.  She had begged through the door for John to allow her to call Sherlock – “your Alpha should be here with you, John, not gallivanting around the world, it’s not right!”  In his mindless and weakened state, John hadn’t been able to convince her that Sherlock wasn’t his Alpha.  She respected his wishes though, grumbling disapprovingly when he told her that he was in contact with Sherlock every day.  That much was true, but he neglected to mention that the contact was by text, and that he hadn’t mentioned his heat.
“I don’t mean to be funny or anything, but have you got some ID in the bag before I let you run off with it?” John asked her with a cheeky smile.  A few minutes later, she had shown him the picture on her driving licence from her purse, retrieved her mobile phone and was calling the police.  The officers who attended were a couple of the lads who worked with Greg on a regular basis, and so they were familiar with John from when he had attended crime scenes with Sherlock.  He agreed to pop into Scotland Yard and give a statement the next day, and left them dealing with the incident.
feeling warm? Snuggly?”  John could almost hear the contempt dripping from Sherlock’s voice as he said the last word, and strangely, that helped to bring his panic levels down a little.
“I should have realised you knew after the health food store,” he giggled, and Sherlock looked up at him in confusion.  “Sherlock, you’re right, I was saying yes to everything, although goodness only knows how you found out!  I was saying yes to everything, but
Sherlock pulled open the door and stepped up to the desk, the resident dragon was in place behind the appointment book.  “Fetch me a doctor to sign this”, Sherlock said disdainfully to her, slapping the medical form down on the counter in front of her.  “I beg your pardon?!” she spluttered.  “I need this signed, a doctor has to sign it, so fetch me a doctor!  Are you an idiot?”  Sherlock watched as the woman started to fume.  “I’m sorry, “Sir”,” she sneered, “we don’t have any doctors available, you’ll need to make an appointment next week.”
John unzipped his trousers, pulling his rock hard cock from inside his red pants.  He uncapped the bottle, drizzling some lube onto his palm, and slicked himself up.  John lined his cock up with Sherlock’s hole, and slid straight inside in one smooth thrust.  “God Sherlock…” he hissed, gritting his teeth and stilling his hips to prevent himself coming immediately.  Sherlock wailed, trying to thrust against John’s unmoving weight.
Mike had brought a seemingly ordinary Omega man round to Bart’s, a man with an ordinary name, who turned out to be the most fascinating person Sherlock had ever encountered.  His ability to know exactly when Sherlock should be cajoled into doing something and when he should be left alone was uncanny.  His skill in preparing a meal that Sherlock would not only eat, but also desire, was unheard of.  Sherlock found himself drawn more and more to John, wanting to be wherever he was, and miserable when he left to go to work at the clinic.  Sherlock didn’t understand it at all; he had met any number of ordinary people and not been affected by them – other than to be extremely annoyed by them, that was.  He had met numerous Omegas of both sexes, male and female, and had never felt the urge to get as physically close to them as it was possible to be, yet with John, Sherlock’s desire to be close was so strong that he sometimes felt as though climbing inside the other man’s skin wouldn’t be enough.
“He’s been working in an office in the maternity unit, it’s sweltering in there because of the newborns… He had to leave a meeting with the Vice President of America when you wouldn’t answer your phone, you twit!”  As he spoke, Greg could see the light returning to Sherlock’s eyes, followed by guilt as he realised how much John must be suffering without him.
John strode over to the young man, grabbed his hips with his gloved hands and spun him around, causing Sherlock to fall slightly off balance with both hands pressed onto the couch.  Pressing his hands to the insides of Sherlock’s thighs, John pressed his legs further back and wider apart.  “You may find it more comfortable to fold your arms on the couch and rest your head on them; this position can cause backache if held for too long, neither bent not upright.”  Sherlock complied immediately, responding to the unspoken authority in John’s manner.  As his back arched into its almost horizontal position, his buttocks spread and his pink hole was revealed.  John fought the urge to drop to his knees and bury his tongue inside, and won, but barely.  “I haven’t crossed the line yet,” he told himself, “everything up until now has been medically necessary… And I’m just being thorough, it’s not as though there are never any men under 50 diagnosed with prostate cancer… As luscious as that arse is, I can’t think of any reason on earth why shoving my tongue inside would be seen as a medical procedure!”
Sherlock gets started on his investigation, and immediately starts crossing lines that shouldn't be crossed. John's reaction puts him into a moral quandry...
John knew he’d had far too much to drink, unfortunately for him, whenever anyone spoke to him it had been to ask, “do you want another pint?”  If only they’d asked, “do you want another drink?” he lamented to himself, the hangover tomorrow was going to be legendary.
John reacted quickly, leaping over the desk and forcing Anderson into a headlock. He wrenched one of Anderson’s arms back painfully, allowing Sherlock to escape his grip. For a moment, Anderson fought back, until John shoved him to the floor face first, and dropped heavily on his back, knocking the wind from him.
He's just read that over my shoulder, and claims it's because my clothes are made of "such interesting fibres, John…"  He'll be interested to know what I'll be doing with his clothes if I ever have to go and replace any more of mine…
“Oh shit, I was supposed to see Captain Watson at 11:00, I’m gonna be in so much trouble!”  He said goodbye to Westbury and rushed out of the garage, once out of sight heading to the car park to check out Anderson’s car.
Anyway, suffice it to say that as Sherlock's been out all week, it's been very quiet at home… I've been able to do loads of reading, finally finished the latest Dan Brown novel and wished I hadn't bothered… Sherlock of course had taken one look at the cover and told me that I'd hate the ending, but I ploughed my way through anyway.  He's going to be insufferable now.
Please take note of the tags; as I post Chapter 1, I haven't quite finished writing, so it is entirely possible the rating and tags will change.
“Goodbye little one, I’ll see you again soon.”  He squeezed Sherlock’s shoulder briefly, and left, closing the door softly behind him.  Sherlock looked down at his son, sleeping in his arms, and at his Omega, resting comfortably next to him, and felt as though his heart would burst with happiness.
Mycroft had been in the middle of a meeting with the Vice President of the USA when his assistant entered the room.  He was so surprised that she had interrupted him that he almost raised an eyebrow; she knew the meeting was of the utmost importance as he had finally managed to manipulate the situation so that the Americans would agree to the provisions he had placed in the treaty.  Anthea leaned down to murmur in his ear, “It’s Dr Watson, sir, he’s in labour, and without Sherlock.”  Within moments, the Vice President had been dismissed, and Mycroft was on his way to the hospital, arriving a couple of minutes before John.  He quickly arranged for a private suite, and began filling in the admission paperwork, the cup of tea Anthea had provided from some pretentious hipster café around the corner at his elbow.  Pretentious it might be, but the tea was really very good.  He handed the last of the paperwork over to the admitting nurse, and looked around for Sherlock… who still wasn’t there.  He rang Sherlock’s mobile, but the call just went through to voicemail; he didn’t bother to leave a message.  Another quick phone call later, and Detective Inspector Lestrade had been despatched to bring his errant brother in to attend to his Omega.
“You have to bite each other.  On the “bondy land”, on the neck,” John explained breathlessly, pointing at the spot.  John had been listening through a partially open door, so couldn’t be entirely certain, but he was pretty sure that’s what they had said.  Auntie Sam and his mum had compared their bonding bites, giggling, in a friendly game of one-upmanship over whose Alpha had been the most passionate at the start of their relationship.  Sam had won when she’d shown John’s mum the ragged and chewed mess her Alpha had made of her bonding gland when he’d bitten her in the throes of passion.
“I swear to God, Sherlock-“ John stopped abruptly at the sight of Sherlock standing with his phone pointed at John, and the huge grin on the man’s face.  The “click” of the camera shutter sounded before John came to his senses and shot back behind the curtain.
As John walked through the gardens on his way back to his grotty bedsit, he was thinking about his options.  The way he saw it, he could either get one of the mind-numbing jobs Ella had talked about – assuming any of the surgeries would be willing to employ him; many had rather old-fashioned ideas about what an Omega should and should not do – or he should start to look at moving out of London.  The army pension was enough to live on, provided you were only alive for two weeks out of every four, and moving out of London would make it stretch further.  As he limped along, lost in thought, he found himself snapping around at the mention of his name, the soft-spoken Geordie accent cutting through his reverie.
Sixteen-hundred hours: That afternoon saw Sherlock heading for the other dormitory, where he’d arranged to meet Lestrade and Donovan, the two MPs who had been investigating the thefts.  Lestrade was a muscular man, with the build of a rugby player; Sherlock thought he’d seen him on he pitch the previous morning while they’d been running laps of the parade ground.  Donovan was a little younger than Sherlock himself, and, Sherlock noted, female.  For all his exploring, Sherlock hadn’t yet seen any women in the camp, but he’d deduced that there must be some around.  As for Donovan being an MP, it wasn’t that unusual these days, there were females enlisted in the army now, so it stood to reason that some would be MPs.  They’d almost have to be, for matters of decency and privacy in the event of any women being arrested; male officers couldn’t conduct body searches and the like.
For the first time, Sherlock looked John directly in the eye, a small smile on his face.  “John, I can’t tell you how happy I was when you came back to live here… I knew I loved you since the moment I started planning how things would go down on the rooftop… I couldn’t bear the idea that you would have to see me die, and that was when I realised how I felt… But I didn’t know I wanted you until that night at Mungo’s.”
“Sorry. It’s in my coat.”  John privately thought that Mike didn’t sound sorry in the least.  He didn’t know what prompted him - it was almost beyond his control - but John offered up his own phone.
“I’ll ask my mum to talk to her,” John said confidently, “she’ll get your mum to send you to my school.  Or maybe I can come to your school instead?”  William didn’t think John’s mum would even get to talk to his, she was always so busy with her writing and her charity work, but it was a nice idea, so he smiled happily at John, and they carried on with the fruitless task.
With many thanks to my beta, Catherine, as usual... Please leave your comments, I'd love to hear from you!
He looked eagerly into the box, wondering why on earth Italian shoemakers would choose to add floral scents to shoes, after all, the smell of leather was a heady scent of it’s own, with no need for disguise or enhancement.  He was surprised to see the box was filled with flower petals, nothing else.  Roses, carnations, orchids, lilies, freesias, daffodils, he recognised every petal there.  He ran his fingers through their softness, feeling them drift against his skin, gentle and feathery.  Deeper into the box, the petals were starting to rot, releasing that undercurrent of scent that John had recognised from the flower kiosk.  He lifted a handful up to his face, inhaling their scent, reminded of the relaxing days in Tallinn that had been so peaceful.  A footstep on the wooden floorboard behind him startled John, and he jumped, catapulting the petals over his chest, some sticking to his woollen jumper, some drifting down to settle gently on his lap.  Sherlock stood in the doorway, an odd expression on his face.
Sherlock and John get closer, wanting to spend all their time together, but not admitting it to themselves, let alone each other.  Then Mycroft calls in one of his favours, and sends Sherlock away for a few days... When he gets back, the stress has sent John into heat...Can Sherlock resist his siren's call?
“Here you go John,” Rob sang through the curtain, taking hold of the edge as though to open it and reveal John in all his (mostly naked) glory, but John was too fast and snapped it shut again before Sherlock had the chance for a proper look.  Less than ten seconds later, the clothes sailed back out of the cubicle, over the top of the sagging curtain.
Monday, oh-six-hundred: Captain John H Watson strode purposefully across the camp, glancing up every few steps from the clipboard in his hand – it wouldn’t do to trip up in front of his new charges because he wasn’t paying attention to his surroundings.  He ran his finger down the list of names of the lads coming in; not that he could get much information from the names alone, but one of them caught his eye.  What sort of name was Sherlock Holmes, anyway?  And why would someone with a name that screamed money and privilege be court mandated to attend an army run boot-camp?
“Come on Jilly, let’s go for a walk, eh?” John said to her, giving a tug on her lead.  She refused to budge, having decided that if Mark had disappeared from that spot, it was obviously where he would return to, and therefore the best spot to wait for him.  John tried again, using a firmer tone of voice.  “Jilly! Come on, walkies!”  Jilly just looked at him, flopping her head down on her paws and huffing a big sigh.  “Oh come on Jilly, I promised Mark I’d walk you!”  He tried pulling on her lead, and got nowhere; Jilly was a large dog, strong and heavy, and despite his own strength, John couldn’t shift her.  He spotted Mrs Hudson coming the other way down the street, having popped to the corner shop for biscuits to go with Sherlock’s morning tea.
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?!” Sherlock yelled, and Simon backed off immediately, throwing his hands up in the air in a conciliatory gesture.
Not much to say today, I'm afraid, can't move my head too far in case it comes off my shoulders - spent the night in the pub with Greg - DI Lestrade.  We started out watching the Six Nations, but somehow, somewhere along the line, celebrating every try with a new drink turned into some kind of awful drinking game.  Think I got home about 4 am, I seem to have allowed a small rodent to take up residence in my mouth, judging by the taste of it… At least Sherlock hasn't started on the violin yet…
Sherlock was bored.  It had been three days now since the last case, and that had only been a three, a four at a push if you squinted and weren’t terribly fussy.  He’d only taken it because there had been NOTHING for over a week, and he felt as though he was going mad, as though his brain was eating itself.  He had already checked his sock index this morning, but since he had screamed at John the last time for filing his socks out of place, John had threatened to let Sherlock do his own washing.  He hadn’t followed through on the threat, but now settled for upending the laundry basket on his bed and leaving him to file his own socks, so Sherlock had found nothing wrong.  He had checked all of his experiments, but they were all at a stage were they needed time to be able to react.  He had tried sulking for a while, but it wasn’t much fun without John there to watch.  He had tried sorting the information in his mind palace, but he’d already done that the previous day, and the day before that, and there wasn’t anything left to be sorted.  He threw himself down on the sofa, and decided the only thing for it was to go and explore John’s bedroom.
They had both taken off their shoes and socks, and were standing knee deep in the muddy water, nets in hand, looking for tadpoles.  They weren’t having any luck mainly because it was the middle of August and the tadpoles had all developed into frogs and toads already, although neither boy realised this.  While they were searching, they returned to an old subject they had discussed before.
“Sherlock, what on earth is your problem?” John asked, leaning on the doorpost of Sherlock’s room as he flung his things around the room in a temper.
Sherlock moved over to the table, nosing at the piles of letters. “O, B, V, I, okay, okay, Sherlock, I get the message… Well at least we know that’s going to work, I suppose, nice to know I’m still an idiot even when you’re not in the right body!”  Sherlock rolled his eyes again, and spelled out, “N O T A N I D I O T,” John laughed.
“Not as much of an idiot as you, I’ve managed to work out that this body’s not the one that’s naked, that one is…” Sherlock seemed to start for a moment, then huffed as though he were laughing.  “I can try and put some trousers on her, if it makes you feel any better…?” Sherlock shook his head slowly, huffing all the while, as if to impart to John the pointlessness of the proposed enterprise.  Jilly started to sniff at John’s leg, dropping one hand heavily on his knee and looking imploringly at him.
“I don’t know why you’re going to all this trouble, there is nothing wrong with me, just sign the form so I can leave,” he said without any preamble.  John was rather taken aback by this, and didn’t mind showing it.  “Mr Holmes, where did you get your medical degree?” he enquired.  “I don’t have a medical degree, and it’s Sherlock, Mr Holmes is my brother,” Sherlock scoffed.  “Then if it’s all the same to you, Sherlock, I’ll use MY medical degree to continue your medical examination.  Could you remove your coat, scarf, jacket and shoes, please?  And just pop on the scales when you have, I need to record your height and weight.”
They left the shop after thanking Rob profusely for his time – “no, Sherlock, it was my pleasure, really, and your money’s no good here!” – and Sherlock magicked up another black cab.  They returned to the flat, where Sherlock changed into a pair of skinny jeans and a scarlet net t-shirt.  He fiddled with John’s hair, adding product to it and making it look like more of a youthful style; John knew there was no way he’d ever be able to reproduce it on his own.  When John looked again, he could see that Sherlock appeared to have pierced nipples – he didn’t remember seeing the piercings the last time he had patched Sherlock up, and that had only been a week or so ago.  It was obvious that they were fakes, somehow, but John couldn’t believe how realistic they looked, and he couldn’t stop himself from staring at them.
“Sherlock…. You knocked… Are you feeling ill?” John joked.  Sherlock smiled the tight smile that meant he wasn’t amused, and threw himself into the chair opposite John.
Liz placed a fresh cup of tea on John’s desk, along with the medical form,  and left, closing the door behind her.  Sherlock Holmes, was the name on the front, with a date of birth that put him in his mid thirties and an address in Baker Street.  “First things first, I need you to produce a urine sample.”  John handed the man a specimen pot, and continued, “You’ll find a toilet two doors down on the right.”
Sherlock ran his fingers gently over John’s bonding gland, feeling the almost imperceptible dents there.  “You
“Baby Xander, then, and he’ll have you around all the time so he can scent you whenever he needs to… Sherlock, now the danger’s passed, the best place for John to be is back in his home, surrounded by his family, with his Alpha.  Come on mate, I’ll give you a lift to the hospital, you can see him for yourself.”  Greg picked up Xander’s changing bag and Sherlock’s coat, looking around for Xander’s car seat.  Sherlock smiled wanly, and turned to tuck Xander safely in his car seat.  He grabbed his keys and his mobile, and followed Greg down the stairs, heading off across London to see his love.
“What did you have in mind, Doctor?” Sherlock replied, and he could hear the effect the excitement and anticipation was having on his voice.
As Sherlock started to look through the contents of the lads’ lockers, Lestrade began to explain the facts.  In the three weeks since the other group had been in the camp, there had been eleven thefts of different items; money, iPods, little things that were easy to conceal, all taken from the dormitory.  There hadn’t been any thefts before the group had arrived, so Lestrade and Donovan were working on the assumption that it was one of the group.  Of the twelve, two had been sent on the program for drugs related assaults, four for vandalism, three for persistent graffiti, and three for breaking and entering and theft.  Of those three, one had been sick in the infirmary at the time of one of the thefts, one had been on supervised punishment at the time of one of the others.  For this reason, Lestrade explained, he and Donovan were concentrating on the third, Bateson, as their main suspect.  He was strenuously denying any involvement, and they had been unable to find any of the stolen items in Bateson’s possession, or anywhere else for that matter; the theory was that Bateson had already managed to sell them, so until something turned up or another theft happened, they weren’t able to take much action.  Lestrade handed Sherlock the file with the detailed accounts of the thefts, saying, “Of course, we have also considered the possibility that the other two were working together, so their alibis become irrelevant at that point…”
Lestrade nodded encouragingly at John, who started his routine.  He’d spent ages looking up card tricks and other small magic tricks on the internet, and thought he could just about manage to pull a few off, especially since his target audience was only six years old.  He had tried to find a few other tricks he could manage, but as hard as he’d tried, he hadn’t been able to succeed with any of them.  He’d managed to tell Lestrade that he couldn’t do anything too fancy as he didn’t have the right equipment, and Lestrade had assured him that would be fine; six year olds didn’t have a very long attention span so he wouldn’t need to do anything too complicated.  He took a deep breath, and began.
Dr John Watson entered the security code into the door’s keypad, and entered the surgery’s office.  “Morning!” Liz, one of the receptionists, greeted him cheerfully.  “Nice quiet morning for you, if it stays like this,” she continued, handing him a list of the morning’s patients.  John strode confidently down the corridor to his office, pausing only to collect a cup of tea on the way.  Once there, he settled the list onto his desk, squaring it with the edges of the desk, and tucked his bag in its usual place out of the way in the corner of the room; his military neatness was a hard habit to break.  He quickly flicked through the names on his list for the day, the receptionist was right; it would be a very quiet morning.  John often found it difficult to reconcile his conflicting feelings; he appreciated being able to go to work with only a minimal chance of being shot while he was there, but some days he thought he might die from the boredom instead.
The writing was extremely child-like – it had been written by a dog with a pen in her mouth, John thought, of course it was – and simultaneously, it was genius.  The handwriting (mouthwriting?) was messy, and the pen had run a little where Jilly had taken the paper in her mouth, but overall it was fairly legible.
Sherlock flicked through the file, skimming each report in turn, taking in every detail.  “No.  There was no deviation in the methodology whatsoever; if it was two people working together, they were together for every theft.  No, you’re looking for one person.  I need to speak to your suspect.”
Okay, this is getting creepy now, since that odd day in Hart's last week, I've been seeing the same bloke around everywhere.  I was on the bus into work on Tuesday and he was sitting across the aisle from me, then on Tuesday night he was sitting outside the clinic when I finished work.  I thought he was going to follow me home, so I went to the pub instead, and luckily I know the bar staff quite well, and Angie allowed me to creep out of the back when I pretended I was going to the loo.  Angie's under the impression that it's my animal magnetism again, but Sherlock just laughed when I told him… I said it worked quite well on him and he couldn't come up with anything to refute that, so I think I won that argument…
“Oh no you don’t,” growled John, grabbing his other hand too, and holding both wrists firmly in the arch of Sherlock’s back.  John could see Sherlock’s eyes slam shut and his breathing deepen, and the moan he let out had John snapping his hips forward once more.  John bent forward, his lips to Sherlock’s ear.
“I can leave you Sherlock, and I’m going to.  And I’m going to go to work, and I’m going to do my job, and then I’m going to come home again.  We’ll get a takeaway, and watch crap telly, and everything will be fine, because
“Okay Sherlock, so what do we do about this?  IS there anything we can do about it?”  Sherlock managed to convey a shrug with the body of a Great Dane, and John’s admiration only increased.  “Look Sherlock, we need to find a way to communicate properly.  How about if I grab the tiles from the scrabble set, can we make that work?”  Sherlock cocked his head on one side, contemplated for a moment or two, then nodded.  John struggled up from the sofa, and went to rummage around in the cupboard for a few moments.  The roadworker pounding in his head with a pneumatic drill seemed to have taken a coffee break, and left it to Mr Muscle to gently stroke John’s brain with a feather duster. He swept everything on the coffee table over to one side, and tipped the contents of the box out, tossing the board and racks back inside, leaving just a jumbled heap of letters there.  He sorted through them swiftly, turning them all letter side up, then into piles of individual letters, arranged alphabetically.
“Yes, yes, thank you Graham,” Sherlock said, grabbing John by the arm and pulling him up out of the seat.  “It’s time we were going, I have an important experiment to check.”  Without another word, he dragged John from the kitchen, grabbing his coat on the way out of the door.
John just wanted life to go back to normal; he wanted people to stop tiptoeing around him as though he was a poor broken thing.  Greg and the other Yarders had tried inviting him out for drinks down the local after a case had been closed, but he had sat in the corner moping into his pint, and then he had stopped accepting the invitations.  After a while, the invitations had stopped coming, and John had felt increasingly insular.  John had always been the one to encourage Sherlock to go out for dinner, and without his push, dinner became a takeaway - or more often, leftovers - as John didn’t eat much and didn’t have the inclination to cook anymore.  Sherlock had made dinner once or twice, and while the food had been amazing – it was “simple chemistry, John,” after all – John had pushed his food around the plate a few times, then smiled a sad smile and gone to bed.  Sherlock didn’t know how to make the effort after that, he didn’t know how to fix John.
Sherlock smirked as he spotted an independent organic food store a little further up the road; he suspected it might offer him just the opportunity he’d been looking for.  It was they type of place opened by middle class yummy mummies whose children were away at school all day, and who were convinced they were starting the next big thing, whilst simultaneously forgetting they had absolutely no talent whatsoever.  Sherlock managed to steer John inside without him realising what had happened.  Eyes flicking rapidly around, Sherlock spotted what he was looking for – an enthusiastic young lady with a stand filled with a variety of samples.  Grabbing John’s elbow, Sherlock dragged him over to the stand, saying, “you told me you were hungry John, would you like to try these samples?”
“Sherlock, I’ll clean it, I’m the doctor, after all!”  He stood, continuing to speak.  “Thank you for what you’ve done, but I can manage now.”
“William…” John said, in the voice he used when he was trying to persuade his mum it would be fine if he didn’t have a bath tonight, or that he could eat the rest of the sweets in the bag without being sick, or that it would be perfectly safe for him to camp out in the woods overnight by himself.  It rarely worked on his mum, but William hadn’t had as much experience at resisting it as she had.
The second time John’s heat had come on, it had been extremely unexpected – not only had John’s heats always been weak affairs compared to what some of his other Omega friends had described over the years, they were erratic too, and since John had had a heat only two months previously he hadn’t been expecting another one for at least a month yet.  As luck would have it, John had been at Harry’s, making the most of what appeared to be a sober period in her life to reconnect, and she had immediately shoved him into her spare room and thrown a handful of Omega toys in his direction with a wry grin.  “You know I haven’t had any need for these since Clara left, at least I can get a little satisfaction knowing you’re suffering on your own too!”  John had thrown the lock on the door – Harry was his sister, but she was still an Alpha, and an Alpha with a drinking problem at that so he wasn’t taking any chances with her biology - and just got on with it.
“You were supposed to be helping me out John, not getting laid!  I thought I made that clear when we got here, or are you incapable of remembering anything I say once you get a bit of alcohol into you?”  Sherlock paced in tight circles, venting his energy.  There was a fairly wide space around the two of them, considering how busy the bar was, and it was rapidly getting wider.
“Well if you were serious about keeping people out, you’d have gotten a decent lock put on the door, I mean, anyone could get through this, it took me 30 seconds, and that was using a piece of old fuse wire…”  His voice tailed off.  “Not… good?”
After a week or so of diligent searching, however, Sherlock had come across a rogue article that hadn't been taken very seriously due to the fact that it had been written by an Omega neuropsychologist, and published in a very new and very obscure journal, that seemed to be written only by Omegas.  It appeared to hint at the idea that some Omega-Alpha pairings were neurochemically much stronger than most, but what intrigued John about the article - other than the fact that it had been written and published by an Omega! - was that part of the study had involved interviewing the couples about their experiences.  Other 'standard' couples had been interviewed also, to provide a control, and when the statistics were considered, the 'enhanced' couples both reported feelings of instant attraction, a feeling almost like panic when they were separated from each other, and in two cases, bonding had occurred after a bite but before any sex had happened.  Admittedly the gap between the two events hadn't been very long in those cases, but Sherlock thought it sounded similar enough to his and John's situation that it warranted checking out.  He fired off a quick email to the neuropsychologist, Dr Beardshaw, asking for a meeting.
John attempted to peel his eyes open, managing on the third or fourth attempt.  He sat up – or rather, he moved an inch or two from the sofa, realised his head had been cleaved in two by a maniac with some sort of siege weapon, and reclined again, closing his eyes.  After a few minutes of very careful exploration, he realised there was no wound that he could find, and reasoned that there must be another explanation for the blinding pain in his head.  Slowly things began to come back to him; the pub with Lestrade the night before, the pints, the shots, the kebab on the way home – there was the explanation for the rumbling in his guts, at least – and finally collapsing on the sofa because getting up the seventeen stairs to the flat had been hard enough, let alone the rest of the way up to his room.
“Sherlock, you’re supposed to knock and wait!” John yelled angrily.  “And you can’t have the files, they’re private, as you very well know!”  Sherlock strode further into the room, pulling at the drawers in the filing cabinets, determined to get the information he needed in whatever way possible.  John was on his feet immediately, grabbing Sherlock by the neck of his t-shirt with his left hand, and Sherlock’s wrist with his right, twisting it up behind his back, spinning Sherlock round, and planting his face firmly in the top of his desk.  As he spun round, Sherlock’s left arm flew behind him, ending up laid along his side, with his hand tucked between John’s leg and his own.
“How do you do it? Bonding?” William asked.  He’d never really paid that much attention to that kind of thing, he wasn’t very interested in other people, apart from John.  John’s eyes widened a little as he replied.
“I’ll look forward to it,” Sherlock growled, and John knew there would be more than lunch on the menu...
“Hello John, got some post here for you, it was delivered this morning.  Jilly, hasn’t Daddy come to get you yet?” she cooed, scratching Sherlock behind the ears.  Before he could do anything about it, Sherlock’s back leg lifted a little off the floor and began to kick rapidly.  His back arched, and a look of absolute bliss came over his face.  “Aww yes, you like that, don’t you Jilly?” Mrs Hudson said, rapidly devolving into baby talk.  “Yes, you love it when I scratch your special spot.”
So Sherlock's been working in the morgue at St Bart's this week, our friend Molly often saves body parts for him to experiment on, and she's had some unclaimed kidneys.  He claims all the experiments he does are essential for building his database, but I've yet to see the case solved because Sherlock knows the rate of absorption of Coca-Cola by the tissue of the big toe.  Perhaps I'm missing some vital data there…
John, wrapped up tight in Sherlock’s arms, felt warm and contented, the unrelenting ache had been relieved – for now… Suddenly he began to feel confused, and then he felt
Mrs Evans, unfortunately, got the sharp end of Sherlock's tongue the next time she popped round, but it doesn't seem to have made any real difference, she seems to have just chalked it up to his genius and eccentricity, and keeps saying things about how she likes a man who speaks his mind and is forthright.  I dread to think what's going to happen if she comes back with any more biscuits, but I suspect that if there's a dreadful murder of a little old lady in Fulham, Sherlock's going to decline to take the case…  I sincerely hope DI Lestrade isn't reading this!
John returns home, and the new little family try to adjust to life together.  Sherlock has time to start some research into their strange bonding situation.
Sherlock can't concentrate for thinking of the night he watched John Watson... and it's affecting The Work.  He finds a way to relieve his frustration and has a breakthrough.
“Sherlock, what is it?  Come on, John needs you, you have to come back inside!”  Sherlock shook his head, eyes filled with tears, vulnerability written all over his face.  “Come on mate, you heard Mycroft, you’ve got a son!”  He grabbed Sherlock around the bicep and pulled him to his feet, ushering him back into the hospital, Sherlock dragging his feet and shaking his head the whole way.
John moved directly in front of Sherlock to check the glands in his neck for swelling, as a first indication of infection, and was surprised when Sherlock opened his legs wide, creating a space for John to step into.  Most patients either scrunched themselves awkwardly over their laps in a combination of making it easier for John to reach and protecting their genitals, so John was even more surprised to see Sherlock lean back slightly, forcing John to stand as close as he could in order to reach.  Being so close to this strangely handsome man was stirring some odd feelings in John; back in Afghanistan he had been close with his army colleagues, all boys together and all that, modesty didn’t last long when you lived all day every day with an entire unit, but back here in London he didn’t have any particularly close male friends, and to be honest, he kind of missed the closeness.  He’d taken a couple of female friends out on dates, but was the perfect gentleman, even if they gave indications that they’d quite like him not to be.  John forced himself to be professional; this Sherlock Holmes was a patient, after all, and heaven only knew what sort of trouble he could get into if he wasn’t careful.  As he stepped back, John noticed the erection growing beneath the fabric of those suit trousers, and began to have his suspicions about what was actually happening here.
Sherlock took his coat off, laying it over the bottom of the bed.  He unfastened the top buttons of his shirt, and pulled the collar wide, to allow John to get as close to his skin as possible.  Carefully and slowly, Sherlock climbed up onto the bed beside John, sliding his arm behind his Omega’s head, and drawing his nose close to the pheromones issuing from Sherlock’s neck.  John sighed, and snuggled in closer, visibly relaxing; Sherlock could see that the pheromones were helping already, although John still had a long way to go.
“Stamford! Mike Stamford! We were at Bart’s together.”  At his words, John recognised the face before him.  They had spent more than a few nights studying together in the wee small hours; Mike was an open-minded Beta who didn’t mind spending time with a broken Omega, and talking through the different modules they had studied had lead to a greater understanding for both of them.
“This… “gentleman”… (John could almost hear the quotation marks falling into place) needs to have a medical for his work, Dr Watson, and I’m just explaining to him that he needs to book an appointment,” replied Liz through gritted teeth.  “Are there any more patients waiting to be seen?” John enquired.  “Not any more,” Liz muttered.  “I have some time free, why don’t I see… Mr Holmes, was it?  Make life easier for everyone,” John smiled.  “Well if you’re sure, Doctor?”  Liz turned back to the tall man who clearly felt he had won this round.  “If you’d like to follow the Doctor…” she said, hanging on to civility by the tiniest thread.
Sherlock had chatted with a few Estonian people, in an attempt to pick up some of the language, but discovered it was extremely difficult, related only to Hungarian and Finnish.  He had managed to pick up a few basics, such as “hello”, “please” and “thank you”, but had decided he knew all the Estonian he would ever need to know when he had discovered that “twelve months” translated to Estonian as “kaksteist kuud” – pronounced almost exactly as the English “cocks taste good”.  Since then, every question John asked with any relation to time was answered with “kaksteist kuud” and a raft of giggles.  John had been informed that Sherlock was going to be twelve months in the bathroom, that he wanted to go out to eat in twelve months, that John had napped for twelve months on the second afternoon they had been there, and that Sherlock had ordered their wine twelve months ago.  It was worth putting up with for the look of sheer joy on Sherlock’s face every time John giggled.
“Sherlock!” John’s face lit up with a brilliant smile, and he leapt out of his chair to meet Sherlock in the centre of the room, inhaling his scent deeply.  “What are you doing here?”
“Please…” gasped Sherlock into John’s mouth, although if he’d been asked, Sherlock wouldn’t have been able to say what he was asking permission for.  John started to pull away, thinking that Sherlock wanted to stop, but Sherlock followed his movement, nipping desperately at John’s lips with his own.  “John! Don’t stop, please don’t stop, touch me,” he begged, his voice ragged with desire.
Sherlock just sat, watching John, his tongue lolling out of one side of his mouth.  A few seconds later, Jilly, the Great Dane from next-door, came trotting out of the kitchen with a bath towel draped over her back.  She stood watching John with a curiously fervent expression, and then started to whine a little.  She reminded John of those supposedly hilarious videos the girls had emailed around at work, with the husky saying “I wuv you!”  In fact, John could almost believe she was trying to talk to him, but he supposed it must be a figment of his hungover and possibly still drunken imagination.
“Right you lot! Time to get your lazy arses out of bed, come on, move it!!” John put on his best Captain’s voice, feigning an authority he wasn’t sure he felt.  A chorus of groans rose from the beds, and heads began appearing from under blankets, sleepy-eyed and slightly anxious.  They’d all arrived late the previous night, and John was sure that none of them had gotten to sleep until the early hours of the morning.  “You have one hour!  That’s sixty minutes, gentlemen, to get showered, shaved, dressed and breakfasted, then I expect to see you on the parade ground at oh-seven-hundred sharp!”  More groans greeted that announcement, and blankets started to be shoved back, feet emerging to be placed on the cold floor.  The young man reading the book hadn’t moved at all.  John decided not to do anything at the moment, except give him the chance to arrive at the parade ground on time.
“Do you remember that night I found the petals under your bed?  This was where I was in my head when you came looking for me.  I spent so much time sitting just up there,” John indicated the benches above the shops, “just smelling the beautiful smells that came from this shop…”  They walked further along the street, until they came to the buckets filled with beautifully coloured and scented flowers, and John plucked a rose from the bucket that was such a deep red it could almost be black.  He raised it to his nose and inhaled deeply.  There was a girl arranging carnations in another bucket a little way away, and turning to her, John fished a handful of Euro coins from his pocket, paying for the rose.  He turned back to Sherlock, taking him once more by the hand.
In a calculated move, Sherlock decided to appeal to the doctor’s desire to help others.  “Well I’ve never had an examination like that, Doctor, I like your technique!  I’m interested in medicine, human anatomy.. Perhaps you’d consider taking me on as a private pupil, so I could learn it myself?  You wouldn’t mind being a volunteer patient for me, would you?”
The sound of a siren heading down Baker Street didn’t stir Sherlock either, he was so wrapped up in his own head; it wasn’t until about half an hour later when there was a loud banging on the front door that he even stirred out of his mind palace.  He had just made the decision to stay where he was when the hammering happened again.  There was the sound of Mrs Hudson opening the door; Sherlock could hear her twittering away at whoever was there, most likely telling them off for the noise they had made.  Then Sherlock heard her gasp, and Lestrade’s footsteps pounding up the stairs.  The door to the flat banged open, and Lestrade was dragging him up off the sofa and shoving him towards the door, shouting at him.  It took a second or two for Sherlock to work out what Lestrade was saying, but when he did, his breath caught and the world seemed to stop.
The two men took a few moments to get their breath back, and then John slowly and carefully slid himself out of Sherlock’s arse, watching, a little dribble of come slipping out before he closed up tightly.  John tucked himself away, zipping his trousers up again, and looked at Sherlock with a smile.  He was still draped over John’s desk, panting.
“Do you honestly think he doesn’t already know what’s going on?  That he isn’t already investigating possible cures?”  John’s eyes moved to the corner that Mycroft’s minions routinely decorated with a camera whenever they broke in to relieve some of their boss’s worries.  It was currently empty, but he knew that didn’t mean they weren’t being watched.  As he spoke, John sorted the tiles back into their piles.  Sherlock nosed the piles into a new communication: CHECKED BEFORE EXP WE RE CLEAR.
“Any idiot can diagnose them,” the rich voice sneered.  “Take the blonde in the corner.  Her problem is obviously centred on her groin, judging by the way she’s leaning in her seat with nobody next to her to talk to, she’s clearly too uncomfortable to sit normally, and the fidgeting tells its own tale.  Could be haemorrhoids, but the constant fiddling with her engagement ring and pained expression says STD, and not caught from her fiancé.”  John rounded the corner just in time to see a young blonde woman with a scarlet face rushing from the waiting room, mumbling something about coming back another time.  “As for him,” the voice continued, “from the way they were making a point of not looking at each other, he’s obviously the source of the problem.” A young man with a face a similar shade of scarlet hurried out of the waiting room, glaring at the owner of the voice.  It proved to belong to a tall, fairly young man, with dark curly hair, a boyish figure, and a pale complexion.  He was dressed in a suit, although without a tie – a wise precaution, John decided, as it would reduce the likelihood of anyone strangling him with it – and a rather ostentatious coat, open at the front, with a blue scarf encircling his neck.  Before the man had the opportunity to begin diagnosing the elderly gentleman who was also waiting to be seen, John stepped up to the desk and asked, “Is there a problem?”
John smiled back.  “Soldier, actually, if you don’t mind,” he winked.  The man gasped, placing his hand on John’s knee.
“Oh for God’s sake!” he burst out, but the word kept swirling around and around in his head.  In the space between one second and the next, something fell into place.  Sherlock grabbed for the statements given by the six men whose files he had examined earlier in the day, scanning rapidly for the times they had last been seen before the thefts, and the times they were next seen after them.  None of the men had been out of the camp between the discovery of the thefts and the search of their lockers.  He was able to rule out five of the remaining seven, as the amount of time between those two sightings was not nearly enough time for them to have left the camp and disposed of the stolen items.  That left two, Westbury and Anderson.  In theory, there was enough time for either one of them to have left the camp and made it into town… but it would depend on a couple of factors, and Sherlock did not have that information yet.  He laid the files down on the desk, and left the office to have a hot shower, before heading to John’s office.
“Hi Mary,” John responded with a smile, “quite a bit better than the last time you saw me, thanks!”  The blonde started pulling on the blankets, straightening them and tucking them under the mattress, fluffing the pillows, checking John’s water jug.  She looked over at Sherlock, who was still enraptured by his son’s eyes.
“Okay Sherlock, you can come with me to work, but don’t go making a fuss, I’ll be perfectly fine.  Probably even more now than I was last week, since I’m bonded to you, my Alpha.”  Sherlock smiled a little at his words, and the two of them set off again.  John smiled privately to himself when Sherlock’s hand crept into his, and they completed the journey to the Tube station hand in hand.
“What happened to the lipstick?”  Ahh, there was the kicker, John thought.  He’d been waiting for one, it turned out to be that the gorgeous man wasn’t into male Omegas, but petite female Betas.
Despite John’s rather unconventional trip around the park, everything was fine until the Jack Russell ran straight across one of the paths that ran round the park, and John ended up with some rather nasty gravel rash.  Both of his exposed arms were scraped from wrist to elbow, his face and his thigh were scraped also.  As Jilly rounded a curve, John was swung round, twisting so he was pulled along on his back, extending the gravel rash around to the back of his thigh as the gash in his jeans ripped open even wider.  The Jack Russell jumped through the bars of a railed fence, into a bush and disappeared; Jilly was too big to fit through, so she stood milling about on the pavement.  John was able to struggle to his feet, and with the help of a couple of giggling students who were walking through the park was able to make it back to Baker Street with Jilly.  He dropped her off with Mrs Turner, grimacing as the ache really started to set in, and made his way back to number 221b.
“Sherlock, it’s great to see you!” the man squealed, clapping his hands together and pulling John and Sherlock inside the boutique.  “I have some fabulous pieces that would look great on you, I’m so glad you’re going to let me dress you at last!”
Sherlock did his usual thing, spoke to the client for about two minutes, upset her dreadfully, then swanned off to look around, leaving me to try and calm the troubled waters.  Next thing I know, he's off down the garden path, muttering something about a party - apparently she'd gone to some swanky Christmas do and worn the necklace, Sherlock was almost convinced she'd got drunk and lost it on the way home, but when we spent two days running around in the biting wind and freezing rain to interview her work colleagues, they all said the same thing - she doesn't drink at all due to an alcohol allergy (yes, that is possible, and no, it's not what you have when you're suffering from a hangover, that's pure overindulgence and doesn't deserve any sympathy at all, Greg!).  Could she have lost it in the back of the taxi home from the party, Sherlock asked?  No, the party happened to have been on that particularly warm evening we had a week or so back, so she'd walked home - a bit of a gym bunny, apparently, and doesn't like to drive if she can walk instead.  Ah-ha, says Sherlock, perhaps she was pickpocketed without realising it?  (Can you pickpocket someone's neck?  I'll have to ask Sherlock…)  Nope, says the client, and shows Sherlock a picture she uploaded to Instagram when she got home - the necklace is clearly visible around her neck.
John couldn’t work out quite how he’d managed to end up with all of the jars, he was quite certain he didn’t like elderflower, and even more certainly not when made into a jam with bananas.  Sherlock couldn’t stop giggling, he had enjoyed forcing the progressively more revolting concoctions on John, but the icing on his cake had been making him actually pay to take a whole bag full home with them – he wondered how long they would actually stay in the flat before John offered them to Sherlock for experimental purposes… or maybe he would just dump the whole lot in the bin and not bother taking it back at all?  Sherlock was looking forward to finding out!
“John? John, where are you?”  He scrambled out of the bed, grabbing at clothes that had been left on the bedroom floor, and hopping around on one leg attempting to fit his leg into John’s maternity jeans.
John walked back through Russell Square Gardens; his appointment with his therapist, Ella, had not gone well.  She couldn’t seem to understand just how useless he felt and simply suggested finding a job as a GP, or maybe volunteering at a clinic somewhere.  She didn’t understand that John had needed the Army at a visceral level; as a failed Omega, he had nowhere to direct his urges to look after an Alpha.  None had wanted him, after all, they were all looking for a docile young Omega that they could breed, and John was none of those things.  If he had been fertile, well maybe that would have been different, but barren, stubborn and into his 40s?  He didn’t really stand a chance.  At least being part of the brotherhood out in Afghanistan meant he could care for those who needed it most, and God knew there were plenty of them.  And if he was able to provide other forms of comfort sometimes, well that was fine.
“I got a cracking deal on it when I bought it, mainly because it needed a lot of work.  But then I split up with the wife, and between the alimony and the child support… I got done for speeding when I was trying to see my little girl, so my insurance went through the roof.  Then the radiator went and I couldn’t afford to get it fixed; you know what this place is like, not exactly millionaire’s wages… That prick Anderson could’ve helped me fix it, but he’s such an arse… He doesn’t like me, so he won’t lift a finger…  That’s why we work on it in our spare time, everyone gets something out of the deal.  I get help on the motor that doesn’t cost me a fortune, they get to look busy!”
“I’m worried about John, Sherlock, he wouldn’t stop drinking!  Pint after pint, every time anyone said anything about another round, he went for it!  I’ve never seen him drink like that, has something happened?”
John lay on the sofa, breathless and panting, just watching Sherlock.  He looked younger like this, relaxed, his walls down in a rare, unguarded moment.  He opened his eyes, focussing on John, and smiled.  Then he seemed to come to some sort of realisation, and John could see the walls going back up; the look of pain on his face worrying John.
Sherlock smiled lazily.  “Good,” he replied.  “I do so hate to be interrupted… now, what did you say you wanted me to do?”  As he had hoped, Dr Watson took charge, grabbed him around the hips and spun him around.  Sherlock allowed himself to fall slightly, catching himself with his hands pressed onto the couch.  He felt Dr Watson’s hands grip his thighs, pulling his legs wider apart and further back.
“I’ve got it narrowed down to two people, I’ll know for sure which one it is once I’ve spoken to the second man.”
Two weeks later, John found himself standing nervously in front of Lestrade’s twin daughters, a dozen or so other six year olds, and various parents who had stayed to help – or so they said; John was sure they were staying to watch his total humiliation.  Even Sherlock had agreed to come along, feeling slightly guilty for causing John to be in the situation in the first place.  If anyone had asked him, however, he would have said the situation was entirely of John’s making; it had been his own idea to say yes to everything, not Sherlock’s.
John started to pant again, and buried his nose in one of Sherlock’s old scarves; luckily Mycroft had had one in his office from one of Sherlock’s visits, and had been able to grab it and bring it with him to the hospital.  Not nearly a substitute for the man himself, nonetheless John had been able to get some comfort from it, and it had helped a little with the dilation.  Still, he wished Sherlock would hurry up and get there soon.
“It’s always been your home,” Sherlock had said, in response to the look on John’s face when he arrived on the doorstep, “of course you can come back.”  John had been torn between feeling grateful that he didn’t have to say a word, and pissed off that he didn’t even have to say a fucking word.  Sherlock had realised that John was angry, and had tried to be considerate, and that had inflamed John’s anger even more.  He wished Sherlock would go back to leaving the milk on the side to curdle because the fridge had an entire sheep’s head in it, instead of buying milk every other day whether it was needed or not.
“What, on my bondy land?” giggled John, bringing his hand up to rub at it too.  At his words, Sherlock froze, his mind racing.
Encouraged, John tried again, tucking his finger further under the lid and getting a better grasp, finally managing to pull it far enough forward to get a firm grasp on the box.  He pulled it out from under the bed, wondering what might be in it; Sherlock hadn’t mentioned boxes when instructing John to fetch “Hunter’s ‘Manual of Beekeeping’, John, under my bed.  Don’t look at me like that, just fetch it will you, a man’s life depends on it!”
“He can go in the ambulance with you, okay, John?” she said, soothing the anxious man as he gritted his teeth through another contraction.
Sherlock spun around, his cheeks flushed red.  His stroking stopped as his jaw dropped open and he spluttered wordlessly.  John stood just inside the door, hands clasped behind his back, feet apart, spine straight.  He regarded Sherlock deliberately, his eyes sweeping slowly from their grip on Sherlock’s own, down over his chest, past his stomach to the achingly hard cock still gripped in his hand.  John walked slowly over and gripped Sherlock’s bicep under the short sleeve of his olive green t-shirt.  John sauntered past, eyes on Sherlock’s own, releasing his grip to drag his fingernails across Sherlock’s erect nipples, making him shiver with arousal.  He caught Sherlock’s other bicep in his grip and turned the younger man round so he was facing the chair.  John sat down, hips canted forwards and legs spread wide, his eyes never leaving Sherlock’s.
I was looking for some new digs - I'd been living in a grotty one roomed bedsit - and I just happened to bump into an old friend of mine, Mike Stamford, who I hadn't seen for absolutely ages.  We went to have a coffee, got chatting, and he mentioned that a mate of his was looking for a flatmate, so we went off to find him.  In about ten seconds flat, Sherlock managed to look at me, see everything there was to see about me, and tell me my life story - it was amazing, I'd never experienced anything like it!  He told me his name, gave me an address and swirled off.  I felt rather shell-shocked, I can tell you, but against my better judgment I decided to go along and have a look at the place he'd told me about.  Baker Street, Westminster - I didn't think I'd have a snowball's chance in hell of being able to afford to live there, but apparently Sherlock had managed to help out the landlady a few years ago with a problem she'd been having, so she was giving us a major discount on the rent.
“Well I think we should consider a prostate check,” Dr Watson replied hurriedly, “Obviously if there are any issues, the sooner we catch them the better.  And I’d like to check for hernias too, you seem to have quite a physical job, judging by what the Met wanted me to check!”  Sherlock took a few moments before he replied, watching as Dr Watson held his breath.  “Well if you think that’s best, Doctor”, he said, allowing his voice to deepen and his blue eyes to become heavy-lidded.  The effect was immediate; Dr Watson let out an explosive breath, and Sherlock noticed as he subtly adjusted his chinos when he turned to fetch the lubricating jelly from a cupboard.
“In all the cases I’ve dealt with, the name that cropped up most often as the perpetrator is David.  We are not naming our son after criminals, John.”  John laughed at the affronted look on Sherlock’s face.
Mycroft hurried forwards to take Sherlock by the shoulders.  “John was delivered of a son, Sherlock…” He continued to talk to Sherlock, but as he did so, his little brother appeared to collapse, as though he was a puppet whose strings had been cut.  The sound that came from him froze Mycroft’s blood in his veins; he had never heard a sound of such pain before, not from anyone, let alone his baby brother.  “Mycroft… no…. please…” A look of anguish on his face, Sherlock turned tail and ran, pushing past a bewildered Greg and disappearing down the corridor.
“Oh, okay, food,” John said.  “I don’t suppose you’ll be too happy with me feeding your body Pedigree Chum, will you, Sherlock?”  The look Sherlock gave John said everything that needed to be said, and with a capital NO! to boot.  John wandered into the kitchen to rummage through the fridge, and found a plate of cold chicken; leftovers from the meal Mrs Hudson had brought the boys the night before.  As usual, Sherlock hadn’t touched his, and as Mrs Hudson gave very generous portions – she was always trying to feed them up – there was plenty left over.  John spooned two lots out onto flat plates, and placed one on the floor in front of Jilly, and the other in front of Sherlock, who snorted and fixed John with a rigid gaze.
you know about Afghanistan?”  The man ignored his question, it was as though John hadn’t spoken; it was both a familiar and frustrating reminder of how life could be for an Omega.  He wrapped his scarf around his neck, flipping the ends through the loop, then picked up his mobile phone.
“John! Just the man! Could you do me a massive favour? I haven’t managed to walk Jilly yet, and I’ve just been called into work!  I didn’t manage to give her a proper walk yesterday either… She’s champing at the bit to get out…. Could you take her?  Please?”  John swallowed nervously, but he couldn’t refuse…
After about ten minutes of this, John had tried every one of the samples, each of them tasting worse than the one before.  He was starting to feel decidedly ill, and his appetite had gone.  With a final triumphant grin, Sherlock turned to John and asked, “Are you going to buy some to take home?”  John grinned weakly and said, “yes…”
“I have to get back up there, Greg,” he gabbled, and ran in the direction of the maternity unit once more.
John read the paper, then read it again.  He pinched the soft skin on the inside of his wrist, in an attempt to decide if he was actually still dreaming.  It hurt.  A lot.  He decided he probably wasn’t dreaming, and that if, in fact, he was, then the quality of his dreams had improved a lot.  Either way, he wanted to find out what was going to happen next.
“You called Lestrade in?!  Because I pulled you off your chair?!” Sherlock demanded of John, arms waving wildly.
The pattern was beginning to become clear, John had known people like Sherlock before.  Boredom was their biggest problem, so much going on in the brain that they needed to be doing something to shut the noise out, and they were not the kind of people who were stimulated by watching Eastenders or Big Brother.  He started to try and work out what approach he could take with the lad.  Analytical brain….  John sat up sharply; he’d suddenly remembered the spate of thefts that had happened in the other dorm over the last month or so - the intakes were staggered so all of the lads were still in the camp, for another two weeks or so, anyway – it might keep Sherlock’s brain as occupied as John was aiming to keep his body… That thought made John smirk; it wasn’t as though he hadn’t noticed Sherlock’s body in the day or so he’d known him, those trousers were very tight around the arse, and the heat had made the t-shirts cling like a second skin… Most of the lads had a trace of beer gut or puppy fat left, but Sherlock was lean.  He had a toned stomach with surprisingly muscular arms and thighs and the most luscious arse John had ever clapped eyes on, and that was saying something considering the fitness levels of the rest of his unit out in Afghanistan…  He mentally shook himself; legally there was no problem; both men were over the age of consent, but morally might be a different matter… He was sure his CO would not take kindly to John taking advantage of a vulnerable young man in his care… even though “vulnerable” was about as far a description as you could get from what Sherlock Holmes was.
“I’m sorry mate, I didn’t know he was with you, I didn’t mean anything by it!” he said, all the while backing off, until he judged himself to be at a safe distance, then he turned and disappeared into the crowd.  In the meantime, John had picked himself up off the floor and dusted himself down; he’d landed on his side, mobile phone in his pocket digging right into him.  That was going to leave a nasty bruise, he was sure, but right now, John was more concerned with Sherlock’s behaviour than anything else.
, that he knew it wasn’t going to happen.  There was a moment of silence and then the door closed.  Sherlock’s shoulders slumped with relief; he knew it would be awkward later in the day when he had to go and find the captain again to see what he’d been bringing, but he could think about that later.  He was too close to stop now, despite what had just happened, so he gripped himself again, and began to stroke, imagining that John had stayed and what he might say, when he heard the key turn in the lock and John cleared his throat.
“John? Are you okay mate?  Sherlock said there was an emergency- ” Mike had stopped abruptly just inside the flat, where John was curled up on the floor, sobbing and wretched.  The kindly Beta had half carried John up the stairs to his room then helped him into bed, discreetly leaving as John had shed his clothes and climbed straight in as naked as the day he was born.  Fifteen minutes later, Mike had popped his head back around John’s bedroom door, his arms full of easy to digest snacks, bottles of water and energy drinks, and a brown paper bag that turned out to contain a dildo that approximated an Alpha’s cock, complete with inflatable knot.
“Auntie Sam was talking about some Omega friend of theirs being bonded, and she said for mum not to expect to see her for months because she’d be with her Alpha.  That must mean they can’t be taken away from each other, right?”  William considered this for a moment.  It seemed reasonable to him, there wasn’t any other reason he could think of why an Omega and an Alpha would WANT to spend so much time in each other’s company, therefore it must be a biological necessity.
The first trick was a total disaster.  He’d managed to get as far as secreting the coin up his sleeve without anyone noticing apart from a few of the parents, but when he waved his ‘magic wand’ – in reality a piece of dowel from a DIY store that he’d painted black and white – the coin had flown from his sleeve across the room and he’d been completely unable to find it.  The children were in fits of giggles, as were most of the parents, and John was beetroot with embarrassment.  The second trick was just as bad, the little boy John had chosen to help him had helpfully pointed out that John had just slipped his card onto the bottom of the deck, rather than into the middle as he’d said he was going to, so John was forced to push the card into the centre of the deck where he promptly lost it.  All of the children found this extremely funny, while John just felt more and more humiliated.  Fifteen minutes later, and John was sat at the kitchen table, with a gaggle of small children hanging from his arm, begging him to do another funny trick.  The Lestrades finally managed to get him a little space by starting a game of pass-the-parcel in the living room, and John was finally able to relax a little.
Sherlock Holmes' dating service lasted all of three hours before being permanently and irrevocably shut down.
“Oh, it’s no problem,” Rob replied easily, “anything for Sherlock… And I live right upstairs, I won’t be getting ready to go out for another hour or so myself, so I have the time.”  He stood back, and examined John critically up and down for a moment.  He stepped closer again, undoing John’s jacket and tugging it down off his shoulders, then pulling his jumper over his head to reveal his slim fitting t-shirt.
John wasn’t sure when Mycroft had developed a sense of humour, but he thought it was around the time he had found out that Sherlock and John were bonded.  Mycroft had certainly stopped interfering quite as much in Sherlock’s life at that point, John suspected it had something to do with the fact that Sherlock had become much less reckless since he had had an Omega to care for.  Mycroft had become much more relaxed, John had never seen him this way before, and he was a little surprised to realise he actually quite liked his brother-in-law.  Mycroft’s sense of humour had developed further when he had found out John was pregnant – or at least, when he had let Sherlock and John
“John, that was brilliant mate, you didn’t tell me it was a comedy magic act!  Where did you learn all that?  I thought I was going to have a heart attack from laughing when you dropped all the cards, including one in Simone’s ice-cream!”
Sherlock took in Mycroft’s appearance, no jacket, tie removed, shirt sleeves rolled up to the elbows – although his waistcoat was still on with fob watch attached, he liked his little idiosyncrasies – and leapt to the obvious conclusion.  Once it was all over, he reflected that if it hadn’t been for the stress of the situation, he might have observed some other telling details, such as the smudge of ink on Mycroft’s right index finger, the creases in his trousers and the redness of his left ear.  As it happened though, Sherlock was already in an impaired emotional state, and so these minor details escaped him.
John sat in his armchair, the book open in one hand, a cup of cold tea in the other.  Sherlock had been gone for hours, muttering something about a sample of thighs that Molly was holding for him.  John knew he was conducting an experiment on the effects of cold temperatures on the muscle – the freezer in the flat was too small for the number of thighs Molly had for him, so he had decamped to Bart’s.
After about an hour, John had struck up a temporary friendship with the bartender, Kelly.  It was quite freeing, he thought, to be able to talk to a girl when you already knew you weren’t going to get anywhere with her, and so you could just talk about things that interested both of you without having to watch every word or try to impress her.  They’d already discovered a mutual love of music, and John was currently trying to convince her to give Paul Weller a try, rather than the grunge that was her usual fare.  As Kelly wandered off to serve another customer, John turned to look out over the crowd, and realised he had company.  A smartly dressed young man was looking at him with a lop-sided smile, and spoke when John registered he was there.
“John! John Watson!”  John turned back to see a familiar looking face that he couldn’t immediately put a name to.
“I’ll be over on that table,” Sherlock indicated a small table tucked into a dark corner nearby, “keeping an eye out for you.  Try not to pull without me,” he added, in a withering tone of voice, then picked up his drink and stalked over to the table.
“Would Mycroft-” John was rapidly cut off by Sherlock’s growling; his feelings on THAT suggestion were pretty obvious.  “Right, no Mycroft.  Obviously the British Government and all it’s resources will be of absolutely no use whatsoever…” Sherlock – eyes rolling again – moved over to the table again, and after a few moments of diligent nosing of tiles, John read the following message: WILL WEAR OFF NO NEED FOR FATCROFT.
John looked at Sherlock, he knew he had to answer yes, but he was nervous about what Sherlock was going to ask.  “Yes,” he said quietly.
John looked around for Jilly, spotting her fast asleep under the kitchen table with her head on her paws.  He was vaguely aware of voices from downstairs, then the sound of footsteps on the stairs.  Mark popped his head round the door, calling “Jilly! Come ‘ere, girl!” and Jilly bounced up immediately.  Mark and John exchanged a few pleasantries, all with the sound of Sherlock grumbling around in his bedroom.  Finally, with a gift of Cornish fudge from their break as a thank-you present for looking after Jilly, Mark left, taking her with him.
“I’m sure there are people out there that need the help of a consulting detective and don’t want to get the police involved…” John grinned.  “You’ll have to come back in a few months and tell me how you’re getting on, you’ve only got a few days left here.”  For a moment there was silence between the two of them.
“You can’t leave me, John, you just can’t!”  John started to feel Sherlock’s anxiety ramping up at the thought of him leaving for work, and his own starting to join it.  He pushed it down, knowing he had to make a stand now or forever be a typical Omega; only ever leaving the house if he was accompanied, expected to serve his Alpha – and he knew he would go insane if that were ever to happen.
Bonded Omegas (and partially bonded ones) who are away from their Alphas experience a disruption in their heat as a kind of precaution against other Alphas taking an interest.  Other Alphas who attempt to mate with a bonded or partially bonded Omega will experience a feeling of extreme revulsion and the need to get away.
… and that month was up the day after that bloody kids party.  Everything I’ve done since then… everything we’ve done together today, I did it because I wanted to do it… because I want you!”  At his words, Sherlock’s mouth dropped open, and John could see that he was having difficulty processing what John had said.
“Nah mate, we have a couple of these on the base, so it gives the newbies a bit of practice.  The bosses are fine with it, providing I pay for my spare parts, which suits me as it’s always the labour costs that kill you…  You can get a bargain on Ebay these days!”
“I fed you?” he said, in a tone of disbelief, but even as he spoke, Sherlock could feel the contentment radiating from John – the kind of contentment that only came from an Omega who had been provided for by his Alpha.
John let out a high-pitched giggle, “Okay, point taken, Sherlock.  So what do we do while we wait?  Wanna go walkies?”  The look Sherlock gave John could have melted tungsten, but John was too busy rolling around the floor and giggling to notice it.  “Wanna play fetch?”  Sherlock stalked over to where John was laying on the floor, and seemed to be about to do something, when they heard Mrs Hudson call up the stairs.
“I told you before, those files are private!” John yelled, breathing hard with anger.  For a short man, he had a surprising strength, and Sherlock found himself very effectively immobilised, with John’s weight pushing him down, and one of John’s thighs pushed between his own, meaning John’s crotch was pushed firmly up against Sherlock’s arse.  John’s desk was a little lower than standard, meaning Sherlock’s head was pushed down lower than his hips, which had the effect of arching his back and pushing his hips out, straight into John’s cock.  Sherlock rolled his hips and moaned, and rubbed his trapped hand along the inside of John’s thigh, brushing over his balls.  With the effect that Sherlock’s moan had, it might as well have been directly wired to John’s cock, he went from flaccid to hard in seconds, and couldn’t prevent himself snapping his hips into Sherlock’s arse, feeling the friction along his shaft.
Look, I'm sorry for letting you all down, okay, but please, enough is enough… Shady bloke was following me round Tesco yesterday, and he was already sitting in Hart's when I went in there again this morning - if this carries on, I'll have to change my coffee shop, and I really don't want to do that because their tea is the best in the area.
Sherlock managed to placate Greg with promises to find out what had happened and a reminder that he had a taxi waiting outside, and shooed him out of the flat.  He sat with his hands steepled beneath his chin, and thought for a while.  He wasn’t aware of anything that had happened; he would have seen it on John, the man was ridiculously easy to read.  His thoughts drifted to the book he had seen on John’s bedside table.  It had been something about saying yes to everything, Sherlock remembered, and just like that the answer came to him.  John had decided to adopt the same tactic.  Sherlock smiled to himself; the next few weeks should be fun.
“I’ve nearly got the whole set,” Simon responded, “I took a Marine home last week, my last relationship was with an American airman based at Mildenhall, and my first lover was a sailor in the Navy…. You could help me complete the set!”  He waggled his eyebrows suggestively at John, who let out a loud belly laugh.
“So… You’ve solved your first case.  How do you feel?” John asked, as Sherlock sipped at his tea.  He smiled back at John shyly.
As usual, Sherlock had seemed to be able to read his mind, reassuring him that it was probably nothing more than the fact that John was sharing a flat with an unbonded Alpha that had had an unexpected effect on his cycle.  John wasn’t so sure, but couldn’t think of anything else it could be, so he tried to put it out of his mind.
“No Sherlock, please, let me finish… After it all went tits up with Mary, I came back here, back to you, and I had no idea how you felt… You do feel something for me, don’t you? I’m not imagining things, am I?”
enjoy spending time with John, and putting up with the strange men with a big blue box was a small price to pay.  He was willing to admit that he didn’t mind too much watching the little Scottish man pretending not to be Scottish, and he and John had many discussions about why
John nodded, chewing slowly.  They finished their meal in companionable silence, neither feeling the need to fill it with small talk.  When they were finished eating, they sat together, drinking tea that John had made using the kettle in the corner of his office.
Sherlock is currently laid up on the sofa being quite the martyr - he should really have gotten himself checked out at A&E, but he won't have it.  I'm forcing tea and toast down his neck as often as I can get away with, and I'm pretty sure he's had a bit of a fright, because he's not putting up that much protest.
John sat up slowly, his mouth open.  He reached across to Sherlock’s chin, raising it, so he could look him in the eyes. Sherlock’s eyes filled with tears, and before he knew it, John had pulled Sherlock down into his arms, rocking and soothing and peppering his hair with kisses.  “It’s all over now, you did it, you saved us all,” he crooned softly.  “I love you Sherlock, and I’ll buy you flowers every day for the rest of your life.”
John had decided Sherlock should be brought up to speed with the whole of Doctor Who, right from the very beginning.  That meant all six hundred and ninety five episodes that comprised the original series, and then starting on the rebooted series after that.  Sherlock didn’t really enjoy the older series, but he
John was aware of a tearing pain, warmth and wetness gushing over his legs, bodies rushing round him and Mary speaking to him in a calm and soothing voice.  Then came his child’s cry – the single best sound he had ever heard.  As his life blood continued to pump from him, the last thing he said before his eyes fluttered closed and the obstetricians frantically began to stich him up was, “promise me they won’t try to move us, not before my Alpha gets here…” Mary nodded, and then John sank into darkness.
“Sherlock, are you okay with the medical procedures I’m doing?  I’ve noticed you seem a little… anxious… when I touch you?”  Dr Watson’s voice was full of that caring concern, but despite that, the tone of his voice shot straight to Sherlock’s cock.  He took a moment to compose himself, then answered “I’m fine, Doctor, please… Carry on.”  Dr Watson moved round in front of Sherlock to check the glands in his neck, and Sherlock made a point of spreading his legs, rather than tucking them to one side, in order to increase the intimacy of the situation.  He leaned back on his hands, calculating how far back he could go before it just became weird, instead of a little unusual.  He observed the slight rise in colour on Dr Watson’s cheeks, the slight hitch in his breathing.  He knew it was a fine line he was walking, and the excitement only served to arouse him even more.
Sherlock and John need to go undercover on a case so Sherlock takes John shopping... and has another opportunity to see how far he can push his new vow....
Sammy, the girl from the coffee shop, is pretty persistant… I had to tell her this morning that I'm already in a relationship, but she still insisted on walking back with me this evening when I bumped into her… I walked her back to her flat, but I'm pretty sure she followed me back here… I've got the curtains shut because she's lurking around outside, sitting at Speedy's with the same cup of tea now for over an hour….
“No shit, Sherlock!!” John agreed, slowly thrusting his hips, feeling the friction along his cock again.  At that moment they heard the sound of voices outside in the corridor, and John came back to his senses – what sort of trouble would he be in if anyone caught him in this position? Not to mention the trust he was breaking… He let go of Sherlock immediately, stepping back and running his hands through his short, blonde hair, rubbing over his face and breathing hard.  Sherlock pushed himself up from the desk, eyes heavy with arousal, and obviously not the slightest bit bothered about any noises happening outside the room.  He reached for John, who stepped back, raising his hands in front of him and shaking his head.  “You need to leave, Sherlock, you shouldn’t be here!”
If you have enjoyed reading, you want to read a little more about Sherlock, John and Jilly, and you are willing to suspend a little disbelief, you might enjoy this: https://archiveofourown.org/series/420664, my series of one shots about what happens when Sherlock manages to body swap with Jilly...
Sherlock yanked open the curtain, dragging John out into the shop.  He stalked his way around John, examining him from all angles.  The tight black t-shirt fitted snugly around John’s muscular biceps and pectorals, and although his waistline was a little softer than it had been in his army days, it too looked good.  The soft black leather trousers clung to John’s arse and strong thighs, and Sherlock felt his mouth begin to water.
“How much do you charge?  It’s Archie’s birthday next month, I’m sure he’d love to have you at his party!”  Just as John opened his mouth to reply, Sherlock stepped in.
John sat alone on his bed, head in his hands.  He hadn’t thought he’d ever be at this point again, feeling so low, but he was.  He’d managed to come back from it twice already.  With Sherlock’s help, he had not only come back from it, but had felt better than he ever had in his life before.  Then came the dark couple of years after Sherlock jumped, where every day he consciously made the choice to continue living, to leave the gun unfired, to refrain from visiting any more sorrow on Mrs Hudson.
He took Sherlock’s had in his own, and steered him gently to the crossing, waiting patiently for the numbers that would count down to signify when the traffic would again have priority.
“Then what’s the point of me being here, dressed in this ridiculous outfit?”  John’s voice was beginning to take on that long-suffering quality that Sherlock was well used to; he was never sure quite what he kept doing that John had to suffer, but apparently it wasn’t anything too awful, since John was still living in Baker Street and hadn’t been to see his therapist since his return.
You might have noticed there are a couple of additional tags... And that this is the last chapter.  I'm sorry, really I am... You might also have noticed this is now the first in a series - I promise this will not be the end for Sherlock and John! #sorrynotsorry
“I’m Watkins, by the way,” Sherlock said.  “I need to get something decent, something that won’t show me up in front of the lads.  What are you drivin’?”
“I am NOT wearing these!” John glared at Sherlock before stalking back off to the cubicle to undress.  Sherlock moved quickly around the room, grabbing a white crop top and tight pair of baby blue hot pants with numerous zips and ties on them.  He handed them to Rob with a wicked smile, and turned back to the clothes.  He knew there was no way on earth that John would agree to the outfit he had picked out, so he moved quickly to select the next one.
“I know that it’s possible that his eyes will change colour, but I really hope they don’t… they look so much like yours, Sherlock, they’re beautiful…” John smiled as he realised Sherlock hadn’t taken in a single word he had just said.  He activated the button that would raise the back of the bed, allowing him to sit up, and then touched his Alpha gently on the hand, saying, “Are you going to pick him up then?”
“I need to introduce you to our son, Sherlock, and he’s going to want feeding soon…” Sherlock turned to the bassinet for the first time, gazing down at the small bundle, wrapped in a pale blue blanket.  He stepped around the end of the bed to the side with the bassinet, gazing down into a pair of eyes the same colour as his own.
Again, Balthasar's and the Olde Hansa are real restaurants, and both come highly recommended, especially the Olde Hansa - the berry schnapps is lovely and caused me to get temporarily disowned by my friends - oops...  They do a wonderful bear - yes, bear - and the best filet mignon I have ever eaten.  Go there if you can, you won't regret it!
“Why is he running?!” Greg shouted back as he shot off down the corridor after Sherlock.  Mycroft scrubbed his hands through his hair, wishing he had time to figure it out, but the situation with the Americans needed to be dealt with very delicately now, after he had been forced to cut their meeting short.  He sighed, and went back to the desk in the tiny office the maternity staff had been kind enough to let him use.  He picked up his Montblanc fountain pen, ready to make notes as he made another round of telephone calls while he waited for more news of John.
“So what are we looking for?” asked John, realising he hadn’t got a clue what their perpetrator looked like.
toast,” John replied, with an amused smile on his lips.  As Sherlock looked at him, he could see the telltale crumbs dotted over John’s chest that confirmed he had, in fact, eaten.
“Sherlock, what the hell?!” he burst out, turning his head rapidly away from his flatmate’s nudity, and setting off the barbarian with the double handed broadsword once again.  “Get some clothes on, wouldya?”
Gasping for breath, Sherlock quickly stuffed his cock back inside his underwear, and not even stopping to do up his trousers, he fled from the room as quickly and quietly as he could, pausing when he was a safe distance away to do them up properly.  He made it back to the dorm without incident, and lay down on his bed, gulping in air, trying to calm his racing heartbeat.  He was in no doubt at all now, that the attraction was mutual, and he settled himself down to solve the problem of what he could do about it.
Once Sherlock had begun to come back to himself a little more, he started to realise exactly what had just happened – he had just fucked his Omega flatmate.  He, Sherlock, who had never had sex with
They went along quite happily in this way for another couple of months, spending days either desperate to get back to one another or cosy in their kitchen, and nights curled up on the sofa watching crap telly.  John privately admitted to himself that he couldn’t imagine wanting to find someone to share his heat with anymore, the thought of bringing someone back who wasn’t Sherlock… Well, it didn’t bear thinking about.  Sherlock had never been particularly interested in finding a mate, asexual would have been his classification of himself for the majority of his life, and he tried to convince himself that nothing had changed on that score.  If he found himself cosied up on the sofa most evenings with just a hairsbreadth of space between himself and John, that was just the consequences of trying to make sure his acceptable flatmate wouldn’t decide to leave due to Sherlock’s unreasonable behaviour.  Oh, and he had to sit close because of the position of the telly…
I confess, my ex-husband is a David... snigger snigger.... I'm saying nothing about his criminal tendencies, however....
Sherlock pushed John back down into his chair, agitation joining the other emotions John was feeling.  “Sherlock?  What is it?  What’s wrong?”  By now, Sherlock was on his knees between John’s thighs, one hand cradling his back, the other splayed across his stomach.
“I’ll get Sherlock to take me in,” he said, and fumbled his phone out of his pocket.  He dialled Sherlock’s number, but it just rang, eventually flicking over to voicemail.  “Sherlock, I need you, my waters have broken, please hurry!”  He ended the call as another sharp contraction overtook him, and at the noise he made, the waitress shook her head, and called for an urgent ambulance.
Rob scurried over with an armful of clothes.  He shoved a pair of trousers and a top into John’s arms, then spun him around and pushed him towards the changing room – not so much a room as a small cubicle with a baggy curtain sagging from a rope strung across the front.  John sighed and went inside, pulling the curtain across after him.  It was a little too small, and he spent a moment or two trying to get it to fit all the way across, before giving it up as a bad job and starting to undo his jeans.  Sherlock could see a glimpse each time John moved; the cubicle was too small for him to turn easily in, and there was a lot of movement in the curtain.  Fairly soon, John declared in a loud voice, “I’m not wearing this!”
Sherlock and John walked hand in hand through Regent’s Park, enjoying the late afternoon sunshine.  Ahead of them, Jilly was snuffling in a flowerbed, her lead being held by Sherlock after John had steadfastly refused to be – as he had put it – “tied to that tank on legs ever again”.  Around them, other couples were walking, chatting, enjoying picnics.  A group of students from a nearby university campus were simultaneously arguing philosophy and playing ultimate frisbee.  John admired their energy, he didn’t ever remember having time to run around outside in the fresh air while he’d been studying medicine at Bart’s. He reasoned medicine was probably a heavier workload than philosophy – at least he hoped it was!
There was a gentle tap on the door; Sherlock could see Mycroft’s face through the small window and he beckoned his brother to come in.
Twenty minutes and another three pints later, Greg was starting to become seriously concerned.  He’d switched to mineral water, but John was still steadfastly drinking pints, as though his life depended on it.  Greg had never seen him drink this much, even when he’d tagged along on a boozy evening out with John’s army mates home on leave one night.  He had always been sensible, alternating pints with mineral water to limit the hangover.  Greg knew John was in for a world of pain in the morning, but he wouldn’t stop.  He called a cab, knowing he’d had far too much to drink to be able to drive home safely; he could drop in on the way to work to collect his car.
John shrugged; he couldn’t explain to Sherlock what was really going on or the man would take advantage of him mercilessly.  “I thought it would be something different to do, that’s all.”  Sherlock decided to be kind, climbing into the taxi without another word.  There would be time to wind him up later, Sherlock was sure.
It's a feeling I'm quite used to, when I was in the army I kind of developed a sixth sense for when people were hidden away and watching, it's like a prickling feeling on the back of the neck.  I had a quick scout round the shop, but couldn't see anyone.  I assume it was just a fan of the blog, that happens sometimes, people want to come and see us but are too shy to speak to us.  If it was you, please do come and say hello - unless you're planning to say you hate the blog!
Three days later, John and Sherlock lay, drained, in John’s bed, in his room upstairs.  Three days of relentless fucking, of John mindlessly presenting his slick hole for Sherlock to slide his cock into; three days of John whimpering as he rammed himself mindlessly down on Sherlock’s cock when Sherlock had virtually passed out from exhaustion.  Three days of John begging Sherlock to knot him; of Sherlock taking John in his arms, hand feeding him morsels of food and sips of water to try and keep his strength up before the next urge of
Well, it's been very quiet round here, Sherlock's had no cases - not even a three, so I've not really had anything to blog about.  I was racking my brains trying to see if there were any old cases I hadn't already told you about, and realised I've never blogged about how I actually met Sherlock - so here you go.
John made his way over to the Officer’s Club, there was a chance that Henderson might still be up.  Henderson was his opposite number, looking after the other group, and as luck would have it, he was just leaving as John arrived.  After a quick chat in the corridor, Henderson agreed to allow Sherlock to see what he could come up with, promising to speak to Lestrade and Donovan, the two MPs that had been investigating the thefts.  “Great,” thought John, “ all I have to do now is persuade Sherlock!”
At five-thirty, he finally gave up and got out of bed, heading for the shower.  Today was an unexpected day off; John had covered Sarah’s shift for her last night at the late night clinic because her niece was in a school concert, and Sarah’s sister had been caught in a traffic jam and couldn’t attend.  John decided he would get dressed and go for a long walk, to see if he could clear his head at all.  He finished getting ready, shaving and cleaning his teeth, before heading downstairs and into Speedy’s for some breakfast and a cuppa before heading off to Regent’s Park.  He was just coming out of Speedy’s when he bumped into Mark, one of Mrs Turner’s married ones from next door, and his enormous Great Dane, Jilly, who jumped up at John, her huge paws landing on his shoulder as she sniffed at his hairline.  John staggered slightly under her weight, and tried to avoid the slobber falling from her mouth as he pushed her off.
At ten thirty that evening, John and Greg were the only ones from the team still left in the pub.  Everyone else had left one by one; after long days in court they were all ready to sleep for a week.
A million thank you's to anyone who has read, kudos or commented on this story, I hope you've enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed writing it!
“Well I think we should consider a prostate check,” John replied hurriedly, “Obviously if there are any issues, the sooner we catch them the better.  And I’d like to check for hernias too, you seem to have quite a physical job, judging by what the Met wanted me to check!”  John knew this would be the deciding point, Sherlock was obviously not a stupid man, he had diagnosed the two patients in the waiting room without the benefit of any medical training, and correctly too, if John’s experience was anything to go by.  Even ordinary everyday patients these days seemed to know that men should start having a prostate exam at about age 50, and Sherlock was not even close.  If he objected now, John could claim to have misread his age, make a joke about thinking he looked young for his age, and that would be the end of it.  If, however, as he suspected he would, Sherlock agreed the medical exam was necessary…
“You’d better go home John,” William said reluctantly.  “Your mum will be cross with you if you get blood all over your t-shirt again.”  John sighed moodily, knowing William was right.  It was to be their last day together – until it became obvious to everyone that their bond had taken, that was.  John pulled himself up from the ground, his skin sore all over, and reluctantly said goodbye to William.
“You’re a bad man, Sherlock Holmes,” he grunted, snapping his hips and thrusting his cock into Sherlock’s warmth.  He reached under Sherlock, taking his cock into his fist and making the younger man groan in pleasure.  Each thrust of John’s hips pushed Sherlock’s cock through the tight ring of John’s fist, and it wasn’t long until Sherlock was orgasming, jets of come painting the desk and the floor beneath him.  John felt the pulse of his muscles around his cock, and quickly followed him over the edge, emptying himself deep inside his lover.
Greg managed to catch up with Sherlock just outside the hospital, where he was scrunched in a ball up against the wall.  Greg had never seen him look like that in the whole time he had known the younger man; even when he had been gripped by withdrawal, shivering and vomiting, with a look of naked desire for some cocaine to ease his suffering, but determination to win out in his eyes.
“You must be John’s Alpha,” Mary said with a smile.  “He told us what happened, but you’re here now, that’s the main thing.  He gave us quite a scare for a minute or two!  You need to scoot right up close, so he can scent at your neck where the pheromones are strongest, if you haven’t already?  It’ll help him with the healing.  Do you need anything, John?  Do you want me to prepare the little one a bottle?”
“Never, ever do whatever it was that caused… THIS… ever again, okay?  I don’t EVER want to be that intimately acquainted with your bodily functions again, Sherlock!”  Sherlock had the good grace to look slightly abashed at John’s words.  “How long will it be until it all wears off, anyway?”  Sherlock nosed about on the table again, and produced: COUPLE HOURS I THINK.  “I bloody well hope so,” John replied fervently.  Sherlock produced SRRY JON CN T HELP IT.
“How do you feel about the violin?”  It took a moment for John to realise that tall dark and handsome was talking to him, it was Mike’s smug smile that clued him in.
John.  Feeling ashamed of giving in to his baser instincts, he tried to pull away, but was locked in place by his knot.  The tug on his rim made John orgasm again, moaning pitifully, and Sherlock couldn’t help but thrust hard inside him again as the squeeze of John’s muscles forced another orgasm from him.  The piteous moan John let out at the feel of it had Sherlock gathering the smaller man up in his arms and crooning softly in his ear.  As he did so, Sherlock became aware of a warm feeling spreading throughout his chest, a feeling of what he could only describe as contentment.  Sherlock felt confused, he had never felt so warm and snuggly, and he wasn’t sure where it was coming from.
John swallowed nervously.  “Yes,” he said without hesitation.  They met in the centre of the room, John’s journal discarded carelessly on the floor next to his chair, so close to the open fire that the edges of the cover were starting to curl and smoke.  Sherlock brought his hand up to the back of John’s head, curling his fingers into the short grey-blonde hair.  He bent his head downwards, and John stretched his neck up to meet him.  Their lips touched, and John sighed, gripping Sherlock’s dressing gown in his fists and pulling the taller man towards him.  The kiss became more passionate, John’s tongue licking at the seam of Sherlock’s lips, his eyes closing as Sherlock granted him entry.  The taste was delicious; John thought that he had never tasted anything quite so amazing before.  It was a combination of tea and cigarettes, with an underlying sweetness and synthetic strawberry flavour.  He kissed into Sherlock’s mouth as though his life depended on it, Sherlock responding in kind.  He was vaguely aware of a soft “flump” sound from behind him, and then Sherlock was pulling away, pointing at the fire.
It's raining again here in London, and I'm so pleased the case has been solved so I don't have to go out in it today!  We're out of milk again, something to do with an experiment, but I don't know what kind of experiment involves just drinking a cup of tea every 15 minutes throughout the night unless it's an experiment in how to piss off your flatmate when he wakes up and realises he can't have his morning cuppa, Sherlock, and then refuse to buy any more while said flatmate is out at work all day?!!  Luckily for me, all the local takeaway places get so much business from us that they're happy to pick up a pint from the corner shop and deliver it with dinner, so thanks Raj at the Bengal Tiger, your lamb rogan josh and chicken pakora will go down very nicely with the pint of milk I'm planning to drink just because I can!!
I'm sorry to have to break the news to you all in this way, but please rest assured, John will be getting the very best care from now on.
Apparently word got round that he was looking for a date, unfortunately it didn't get round that the date was for Molly not Sherlock…  He was absolutely inundated with messages from women looking to take him out and let him know exactly what he's been missing, and even deducing them to shreds didn't have the desired effect…
Sherlock looked up from under his eyelashes, his eyes flitting from John’s face to the large bulge at his crotch and back to his face again.  Almost as though his actions were not under his own control, Sherlock began to stroke his erection, which was now almost purple and straining; John simply sat in the chair, watching.  Sherlock’s eyes were fixed on John, the longer he sat there, watching, the more aroused Sherlock became, but he couldn’t tip over the edge.
“Well, Sherlock… I think Jilly may be more flexible than you when it comes to body wash… She was using her tongue earlier… your tongue, I suppose… And she looked as though she was being quite thorough about it!”
Sherlock skidded into the café, dropping immediately to his knees and scanning his body looking for injuries.  “John?! What happened?! Who took you? How did you get away?” he blurted out, grabbing at John and trying to pull him up out of his seat and out of the café.
“I don’t know if he’ll be well enough, won’t he be better off staying in hospital, just in case?” Sherlock’s eyes were a little desperate as he looked to Greg for reassurance.
“I will,” John replied, and handed the bottle over to Sherlock, who waved it vaguely at Alexander, as though expecting him to reach out and take it.  John chuckled a little, giving Sherlock a couple of tips, and before long, Alexander was happily suckling on his bottle, wide eyes gazing up at his Papa.
“Oh you’re a life saver, thank you! If you just knock on Mrs Turner’s door, she’s got a key to our place and she’ll let Jilly back in.”  Mark handed over the lead, shaking John’s hand as he did so.  He turned and rushed indoors again, flying back out of the door thirty seconds later with a briefcase in his hand.  Jilly stood outside the door happily with John until Mark returned again, rushing off down the street.  Jilly decided she should go to work with her owner, and started to gallop off down the street after him.  John found himself jerked rudely from his feet, before regaining his equilibrium and starting to run off down the street after her.  When Jilly caught up with him, Mark was just disappearing into a taxi which then took off down the street, and Jilly slumped down with a look of disgust on her face.
Sherlock turned slowly, starting to realise why the pattern of indentations was so familiar, and looking at John with an expression of combined disbelief and amazement.  John began to feel a pervading sense of realisation that he knew was not coming from him.  “Tell me, John, did you have a friend called William when you were a little boy?”
At that, Jilly dropped the pen and carefully manoeuvred the piece of paper into her mouth, trying hard not to get slobber all over it.  She brought it over to John, and dropped it into his lap.  Then she sat back on her haunches, the towel slipping from her back to the floor.  John could swear she looked embarrassed, and she turned to tug at the towel, eventually managing to pull it back up around herself.  John vaguely thought he might have considered that odd, if he had been in complete control of his faculties.  He went to screw up the paper, then realised with a start that Jilly – against all the odds – had managed to WRITE actual WORDS on the paper.  He sat for a moment or two, his mouth hanging open, as he tried to wrap his brain around the concept.
Sherlock stretched and yawned, rolling over in his bed, eyes popping open when he got a noseful of John’s scent.  He realised he was still in John’s bed, tutting to himself for not knowing immediately because of the feel of John’s inferior sheets.  He inhaled, drawing John’s scent deep inside his lungs, feeling the love he had for the other man – Shit, where had
Sherlock swallowed, breathing deeply, and deliberately tamping down on the feeling threatening to overwhelm him.  “I’m fine John, just wondering where you were… You could have brought the tea up with you.”
John shifted round, showing his neck to Sherlock.  “Nope, or I’d be sore, there would be a mark, and it would have bled too.”
“What do you need, John?” Sherlock dropped to his knees in the doorway, hands fisted in his curls, desperate to look after his Omega, but with the rational part of his mind reminding him that John wasn’t
Sherlock turned back to John, his eyes brimming with tears.  “John, I… I know what you’ve been doing.”  John’s brow crinkled, he couldn’t think of anything Sherlock might possibly be referring to.  “I know about saying yes, John, and I know that’s the only reason you kissed me…” His eyes dropped from John’s and closed; the sparkling tear that had been threatening to fall dropped over the bottom lid, sliding slowly down his cheek.  John couldn’t help himself, he laughed, pulling Sherlock close to his body and wrapping his arms and legs around Sherlock’s body.
He knew he had sent Dr Watson’s mind in the right direction when he said “Mr Ho- Sherlock, I need to test your reflexes, it’ll be easier to do that if you slip your trousers off.”  Sherlock stood without any objections, and unzipped his trousers, revealing a pair of tight fitting black trunk-style briefs, which did nothing to conceal the hard erection inside them.  “Where do you want me?” he asked, the choice of words deliberate.  Dr Watson turned quickly, clearing his throat, saying “Just where you were before is fine.”  Sherlock sat back on the couch, crossing his legs, ankle to knee to frame his groin.  Dr Watson took a firm grip on his ankle, and slowly pulled his leg, sliding it across his knee until his legs were crossed knee to knee, saying, “No, I mean like this.”  The sight of Dr Watson looking him straight in the eye and taking command of the situation sent another bolt of desire straight to Sherlock’s cock, and he hissed another breath in.  Dr Watson conducted the reflex text, taking hold of Sherlock’s legs to swap them over and conduct the test on the other knee.  Sherlock watched as Dr Watson realised he had finished the examination; this was where things could go one of two ways.  Either Dr Watson would go back to supressing his attraction and the examination would finish here, or he would take his courage in his hands and make a move.
“Sherlock, what are you doing? Let go, you’re hurting me!”  John yanked his arm out of Sherlock’s grip, and folded his arms, glaring at his bondmate.  “I wasn’t taken by anybody, Sherlock, I just wanted to get out of the flat!  I’m sick of it, it’s stifling up there, it was doing my head in!”
Good news, dodgy bloke hasn't been seen since my last blog post - thanks lads!  (I assume it was one of you, even though none of you have had the decency to get in touch… never mind, I've got my peace and quiet back now, and I haven't forgotten my promise!)
Sherlock and John had avoided each other for two days now, both dreading what the other might say.  Sherlock managed to stay in his room until after John had left for the surgery, then he went out, not returning until the early hours of the morning, well after John had retired to bed.  John knew this was when he returned, because he was still lying awake in his bed fretting, and he heard the squeak of the door to the flat.  John, in turn, stayed out late after work, choosing to eat in the pub, or join various friends for coffee, not returning until he was sure Sherlock would have left.
A loud snuffle against his hair had John’s eyes pinging open again, and he twisted his head around quickly to see what had made it.
“You may find it more comfortable to fold your arms on the couch and rest your head on them; this position can cause backache if held for too long, neither bent not upright.”  Sherlock bent at the waist, crossing his arms on the surface of the couch, and resting his head on them.  The position tipped his hips so that his back arched and his buttocks spread; Sherlock could feel the cool air on his hole and knew he was revealed entirely to the doctor’s gaze.  He rolled his hips, as though trying to get a more comfortable position, and as he had hoped, Dr Watson grabbed the lube and squeezed a generous portion onto his fingers.
Finally, the photograph is of the actual flower stall, which is located just outside the old city wall near the Vana Wire hotel - which is also lovely.
“Mike, can I borrow your phone? There’s no signal on mine.”  John was immediately struck by how attractive the man’s voice was; like chocolate, or some sort of lithe, muscular big cat, if cats could talk.  Mike was obviously more used to it, John thought, that or his fondness for rock concerts in his youth had done some damage to Mike’s hearing.
John dreams of the previous day's events with Sherlock, but his imagination takes him where his conscious mind is afraid to go.  Sherlock realises something about John.
job as John’s Alpha to provide for his Omega and for his unborn child.  John settled for hastily thanking Mycroft and deleting the text – and his reply – from his phone.
“But this is important!  You must have someone halfway competent that can see me and sign a piece of paper!”  John could hear the voice almost as soon as he stepped out of his office, deep, rich and extremely impatient.  “I’m sorry Mr Holmes, you’ll need to book an appointment, like the rest of our patients have ALREADY DONE!”  Liz had been a receptionist at the surgery for 15 years, and the battle was likely to be an interesting one.  John made his way past the two junior receptionists, cowering out of sight in the back of the office; they smiled sheepishly but made no move to go to Liz’s assistance.  “It’s Mr Holmes,” said Tracey, as though that explained everything.  “He has to have a medical for the Met, and he thinks we’re all just sitting here doing nothing!”
It took Sherlock an embarrassingly long time to work out what was going on – nearly two weeks – and his attitude to Mary warmed considerably once he had.
Sherlock stood quietly in the corner of John’s room, observing him in the faint light of the oncoming dawn.  This was not the first time he had stood here, watching the young soldier sleep, wondering what was going on inside his head.  Two nights previously, he had watched as John had whimpered, calling out in obvious distress to a fallen brother in arms.  Sherlock had deduced that he was reliving the day he had been pinned down in a firefight, desperately trying to save his friends before being taken down by an enemy bullet himself.  Sherlock had watched silently as John had tossed his head on the pillow, face screwed up in desperation, sweat pouring from his brow as he frantically tried to escape from the memory.
“I’m afraid I’m an ex-soldier,” he said, apologetically, “invalided out a few years ago.  So I wouldn’t quite do, would I?”
Eighteen-hundred hours:  “So what’s the deal with Westbury then?” John asked, as they tucked into some Chinese takeaway in his office.
“Yeeeppp!” John replied, slurring his words slightly.  It’d been a long time since he had been drinking like this; Sherlock had removed all the alcohol from the house the day after he had moved back in, shades of Harry prompting his decision, John was sure.
John will be spending the foreseeable future in the Quentin Clinic.  For those of you who don't know, that's a secure psychiatric clinic.
I told Sherlock what had happened, and he made a point of asking her if she would make some of her fabulous cheese scones and gingerbread - things warmed up rather rapidly after that, and not just because Mrs H's oven was on!
“Who are the candidates?” John asked, leaning back in his chair and crossing one leg over the other.
John sat back in his chair as the door closed behind his last patient, and scrubbed his hands through his hair.  It had been a long shift; the bug that had sent Jason home that morning had resulted in a steady stream of patients through his door.  He sighed, and started to enter the notes into his computer for the last patient, jumping when there was a knock at the door.  He didn’t think he had missed anyone, but it had been such a long day and he had completely lost track of where he was.  He assumed it was one of the receptionists, popping in with requests for signatures on prescriptions, or medical insurance forms for completion or hopefully even just the news that he could go home and the new computer system would magically do all the paperwork by itself.  He was surprised when he called “come in!” and Sherlock’s face appeared around the door, and his unique scent hit John full force.  John realised that he’d been away from Sherlock’s scent all afternoon, and it was all the stronger for that.
“No, seriously, I didn’t think Mungo’s was a gay club?”  John sipped at his pint, looking round the room.
As if he were reading John’s mind, Sherlock rolled his hips from side to side, waving that inviting hole right under John’s nose.  Immediately, John grabbed the lube, smearing a generous dollop onto his fingers.  “Sherlock, you said you’ve never had a prostate exam before, so I’m going to go slowly, it can feel a little invasive.”  He gently rubbed his fingers around the ring of tight muscle, applying a little pressure then backing off.  Sherlock’s hips began to pulse with movement, following John’s, as though he were trying to back himself onto John’s finger.  “Okay, deep breath,” John said, and slowly slid his middle finger into Sherlock’s tight, hot hole.  He was unsurprised to hear a moan come from where Sherlock had buried his head in his arms, and withdrew his finger a little, only to slide it back in again, deeper.  John watched his finger, sliding in and out of Sherlock’s hole, loosening it, preparing it… He adjusted his raging hard cock in his trousers, grateful once again for the looseness of the fit.  He slid the finger all the way out of Sherlock, who popped his head up from the couch, to see what the problem was.  It was only now that John noticed he was only resting on one arm, the other hand buried between his thighs; the rhythmic movement of his balls swinging told John exactly what he was doing.  John pressed his middle and index fingers tightly together, and pushed them slowly into Sherlock’s willing hole; Sherlock pushed back to meet him, and the moans got louder.  John was glad there was nobody else in the building, someone would surely have come to check out the indecent noises coming from his room.  John’s fingers pistoned in and out of Sherlock, the rest of his hand slapping Sherlock’s buttocks, as he moaned and panted beneath John.  When he judged that Sherlock was almost at the point of orgasm, John pulled his fingers out, leaving Sherlock momentarily gaping, and said, “That all seems fine, Sherlock, if you could turn around please?”  A look of confusion and anguish crossed Sherlock’s face, as he struggled to work out what was going on.  He stood upright and turned around, and John pushed him backwards so he was leaning against the couch.  John took his heavy testicles in one still lubricated hand, and his cock in the other.  Understanding dawned on Sherlock, and he looked John in the eye and said one single word – “Please…”
“Sherlock?” John’s voice had come weakly from the other side of the door.  “Oh Sherlock, please!”  At the sound of his voice, Sherlock had started to shoulder barge the door, desperately trying to get through.  “Please Sherlock, I need you, it hurts so much!”  Sherlock redoubled his efforts, calling John’s name as he did, and the lock began to splinter.  He finally managed to burst through, to discover John writhing naked in his bed, a toy in one hand, but with his gun in the other, firmly trained on the door.  As soon as John recognised Sherlock, he dropped the gun to the floor, and moaned.  “Please, Sherlock, I need you, nothing’s helping!”
sillier.  John turned away, finding something inconsequential to do, not wanting to prolong Sherlock’s embarrassment.  In Sherlock’s body, Jilly was already nose deep in the chicken, sending scraps all over the floor, then licking it up with her tongue.  John made a mental note to find something he could sanitize and put down under the plate for future meals; Sherlock wouldn’t appreciate Jilly’s casual treatment of his transport.
going to cause harm to someone who didn’t deserve it – he would do it, and any time someone asked if he wanted something, he would accept it.  He thought carefully about whether he would have any conditions to this acceptance, but figured that during his time helping Sherlock with cases, he’d broken any number of laws, and the amount of force he had used to subdue some of the criminals they’d caught was definitely immoral, so he didn’t think there was much point in excluding those now.  No, he would accept any invitation or suggestion, and hope that it was enough to change his outlook on life.
When Sherlock and John met six years ago, Sherlock had started a Consulting Detective Agency, and was taking private clients.  He'd solved a couple of cases, enough to know that it was worth continuing on.  He was full of a case that was all over the papers, do you remember the spate of housebreaking in Wandsworth?  An Inspector Dimmock was investigating, Sherlock had seen an interview he'd given that had been reported (wrongly) in the local paper and something about it lit a fire under Sherlock - he apparently rushed off to speak to Dimmock and tell him where he'd gone wrong.  That was when he was killed - some bloke over on holiday in London, used to driving on the other side of the road, got distracted just for a second or two, sped round a corner on the wrong side of the road and hit Sherlock as he was crossing.  He was killed instantly.
“Alexander Sigerson,” Sherlock repeated, and Alexander snuffled a little, as though he approved of his new name.  The little family sat quietly, just being with each other, until Mary came slipping back into the room with the bottle.
John and Sherlock meet again, but neither realise he already knows the man Mike introduces him to...
“Please, John!”  John finally felt he had calmed enough to know that he wouldn’t embarrass himself, and started to move his hips, gently at first, but quickly getting harder and harder.
Sherlock found that he spent more time conducting trivial experiments at his microscope that he wouldn’t have contemplated six months previously, purely for the pleasure of spending time close to John.  He would have justified them as the necessity of keeping his databases up to date if he’d been confronted, but thankfully John didn’t seem to think anything was unusual.  Sherlock noticed that John spent more time doing paperwork at the kitchen table, “there’s too much junk on the table in the sitting room, Sherlock, you don’t mind, do you?” or preparing dinners that seemed to require long and complicated recipes.
Stamford, is this down to you? Or the rugby lads having a laugh?  I know I said I'd be able to play in the match last week, but I couldn't let Sherlock go off chasing a masked gunman by himself, goodness only knows what sort of trouble he'd have got into…
“John, stop panicking,” Sherlock said, in a voice that sounded as though he was on the verge of panic himself. “You’re feeling confused, correct? But you
“Work, Sherlock, where do you think?  I’ve been out for three days, Sarah texted me while you were in your mind palace.  Jason’s gone home ill so they’re short this afternoon and need my help.”  Sherlock leapt out of his seat, gripping John’s wrist, a look of anguish on his face.
Something a bit odd happened this afternoon, it's left me feeling a bit… Not shaken up, exactly, but not quite right.  There's a café I go to most days, Hart's, not far from the flat.  They do really good sandwiches there, and have decent tea - which they make using an actual kettle, not one of those hot water urn things that seem to be some sort of afterthought in the trendy coffee shops.  Anyway, I was at the counter, ordering a bacon butty and a bucket of tea - it had been a long day already by lunchtime - and I got the feeling that someone was watching me.
“Come on Sherlock, what’s all this about?” he asked softly, handing him a tissue.  “What about Mycroft?”  Sherlock blew his nose, and started to shred the tissue, eyes in his lap rather than on Greg’s face, as though he couldn’t bear to look at the other man.
“Then who said anything about flatmates?”  John hoped the face he was showing to the stranger wasn’t as confused looking as it felt to him on the inside.  There was a sudden flurry of activity, the man grabbing a long dark coat and swirling into it, as he spoke again.
“Being a dog is doing absolutely nothing at all for your intelligence, Sherlock…” John laughed.  Sherlock snorted, and nosed out: FASTER then arranged neatly underneath, I CAN GO BACK TO FULL SENTENCES IF YOU PREFER BUT IT WILL TAKE MUCH LONGER.
Sherlock’s eyebrows nearly disappeared straight off the top of his head, and without another word, he disappeared into the bathroom and started alternating between scrubbing his teeth with triple the amount of toothpaste he needed, and gargling with mouthwash.  John thought it was entirely possible this was the best day he had ever had…
“Ah, Molly, coffee. Thank you.”  The man handed back John’s phone, immediately speaking to the girl with the coffee cup, rather than thanking John for the use of his phone.  It wasn’t as though he had vast amounts of phone credit to play with, John thought, and a thank you from that man with that voice might have been nice…
John had gotten his own back on Sherlock for yanking him off the chair and interrupting what he privately admitted had been a very hot snog, by serving up the vile concoctions he had been forced to buy at the health food shop for dinner that night.  Sherlock was always too tired to move and ravenously hungry after a case ended, and since he had given his card to John weeks ago to do the shopping, he had no way of ordering a takeaway.  He was forced to shovel down the disgusting stuff as John refused to cook anything else – “I’m not wasting perfectly good food, Sherlock, you can cook for yourself if you don’t like it!” – and Sherlock knew that if he reminded John of his own abilities in that area, he would be forced to help out in the kitchen more often, and that was more trouble than it was worth.  John just smirked at the look on Sherlock’s face, claiming not to be hungry, and Sherlock’s mood darkened even more when he remembered that John had eaten a very large lunch just as Sherlock was finishing up his deductions in Lestrade’s office.  In hindsight, he realised, John had engineered the whole situation, and he had to admit he was amused and even a little impressed at how John had managed to get his own back without even knowing he had anything to get his own back for.
