Tony leaned over Peter and hugged him. Peter's eyes were wide open, watching Tony move closer and closer until Tony's lips touched his. Peter had no idea what was going on. Thirty seconds later, Tony let go of the petrified Peter.
"Tony, you'll catch a cold."
"There's no secret that it can be locked forever with a combination lock. It's much easier, no need to hide it. It will be easier for me, it will be easier for us, so I really appreciate your stupidity."
He pulled him along a few blocks to the East River. It's an abandoned pier next to an abandoned warehouse.
The two little bastards were hiding in a side alley. The brown-haired boy was already convulsed with laughter.
"Well, if it's not too much trouble, which it is, please do me this little favor. Dr. Doom."
"So your ‘goodwill captain’ gesture has been taken back, Uh?"
2. Competitive, lose your cool judgment;
"That’s great."
"Hulk hates Archer! Hulk, smash!" Hulk slammed at Onslaught, gradually opening a crack in its shield. More arrows shot at the Hulk. Hulk became angrier, and went into a complete frenzy. At last the shield cracked, sending energy shared flying in all directions, bounced Hulk off. The swirling energy of space-time turbulence twisted upward into the air.
As the hours grew later, almost all the chaperones sneaked away. Rarely enjoy only the two of them at the moment, Quicksilver and Crystal, but the last exit. They came to Peter.
"Well done! But I'm just saying. Damn it, Victor. You fucking know she's my PA, right? Personal assistant. Although she deserves to be fired. Do you know the meaning of the word 'personal'? It means she can only be fired by me."
A banner in the drawing room read "Celebrate your Hammer return".
"Bucky, you know a lot. I never knew those before."
Confused by Spider-Man, Clint completely forgot that the Quinjet was actually equipped with parachutes. Even though he didn't want to admit he was right, he jumped after him. The Quinjet crashed into a rock wall.
"I'm sorry, Tony." Peter looked down. "It's just... You know... You tried to set me up with Melony, but I... I..."
Just wait to be rescued, Spider-Man thought.
"Yes, it is." Tony was telling a lie that he didn't believe.
Tony lifted up his clothes.
"Not in Stark's case. He's very protective. I'll see where they are."
“The doctor told me not to stay long. I'll come back to see you. I promise." Tony tried not to look too eager as he left the ward.
“That means you don't know me well enough. I also thought the little genius only cried, 'Oh, I came into the future alone, no friends, no family, lonely me. boohoo....'"
"Great! Let's do it!" Cried Tony excitedly, unlike a man who had just had a brush with death.
"So, keep quiet, or I'll throw you down now."
"Got it, Iron Man is offline, Zzzzz..."
What Tony concealed was that he had to use earth technology energy to integrate and activate it. The only Earthly technology around to provide enough power is Tony's chest implant backup power.
Hawkeye beside Tasha let out a great gasp.
"Probably Pepper. Next time you see her, tell her she's fired."
"Swilce an hatian, dearr to abealg God, wite se mihte of Mjolnir.(Such a despicable, dare to offend god, taste the power of Mjolnir)." Thor shouted, knocking down several guys in front of him.
"I do na witan thou midd. (I do not know what you mean)." Thor said.
"But before that..." With that, Tony punched Hawkeye’s face. Before Hawkeye reacted to it, Tony had opened the skylight on top of the Quinjet through a remote control built into the armor. He picked up Spiderman, and was out of sight.
Tony tried to get his memory back. His last memory was of being held by the weirdo Doom and getting a needle in his elbow. Doom said he would lose his memory. But I don't have amnesia now. I remember every detail. It seems that Doom's mystical and vaunted brainwave coverage technology isn't quite so advanced after all. If I had been going through the original plan, I would have been in Franklin's Pocket Universe. Why is it dark? Why is there no one around me? Franklin, this kid is too unimaginative.
"Put on the mask, don't let them find out who you are, try to hide, don't get too far away from me." Steve eased his tone. Arguing with teenagers about danger, they will do it secretly. So it's better to put him under the nose.
"I had a nagging teacher who liked to make speeches and often told me a lot of life lessons. At that time, I couldn't wait to interrupt him every time, but I can still memorize a few sentences."
"I like it now. I found boxing is a good way to vent." Tony swung his fist into Steve's face again and landed another blank.
"Where?"
"I just need time to find the evidence." Retorted Tony.
"So... Avengers Assemble!"
"Scientists are all crazy. We are essentially the same kind of person, always alone, always looking for one another. I'll erase your memory, but I'll let you be yourself. I'll let you choose. None of this means anything if you're not who you are, if you're not who Tony Stark is."
"Peter, just dump him and find another man. He almost occupies your seven days 24 hours." Tony joked.
As he put the note down, Tony felt a sense of desolation. He stretched out on the bed again, stared at the ceiling. Then he rolled over to the other side. Although the temperature had been lost for a long time, Tony was still unconsciously burying his head in the pillow, smelling it, looking for traces of his presence.
"Finally."
"But you will forget the mission when you leave this space."
"Are you sure, Cap?" "Asked Tasha.
"You're diverting the conflict."
"We should find a little space in these Superhero Dailies," Tony said intermittently. "If you're busy, or I'm busy, we'll never have time to be together like this. I'll cry if it'll help, but I'd rather..."
Squeak... The door of the room was opened. He closed his eyes... He waited for the closet door to open, for the sting of the whip to fall on him. He trembled...
"You'd better hurry. When I rescued Spider-Man, I just blew up the cell door. Now you blew up the hole. I think this grotto can’t hold down for too long."
Then more Doom robots emerged from shadowy corners and attacked the Iron Man. Tony sighed. He knew it wouldn't be easy to meet the real Doom. So he concentrated, concentrating on the Doom army in front of him. As the number of Doom robots increased, Tony became impatient. He collected the robots in one spot with bait, then pulled off the shield and fired with Unibeam on his chest.
"Captain America has wings, doesn't he? Can Captain America fly?"
"Uh? Me?! I am not! I don't..." Peter started, then looked down and replied, "I... I don't know..."
As he ran, the brown-haired boy pushed over a fruit cart at the corner of the street, sending apples rolling all over the ground. The falling apples slipped over the painter who was carrying a ladder across the street. The painter's bucket of paint flew out of his hand, spilling yellow paint on the policeman who was chasing them. The ladder flew off and smashed into the window of a car. The car braked suddenly, and a car behind it followed. A truck behind braked too slowly and nearly hit it. An irascible truck driver jumped out of and cursed the motorist in front. Traffic was backed up and the scene was chaotic. Sirens were wailing as more police arrived.
Chapter 27
"Tony..."
Reluctantly, Tony opened his voice mail.
"Four on one?"
"You know, I am always tense between Dr. Octopus. So I went to visit him from time to time, and toned down our relationship. One day, I quietly visited, wanted to give him a pleasant surprise, and accidentally discovered something. He seemed to be busy with a new experiment recently. I am a curious baby, and wanted to find out where his secret lab was located, so I followed him. He seems to have recently upgraded the formula for his poison, and here I am."
"You can't catch him fast enough." Vision said quietly. "I can't catch him either."
"You can pick a number."
"Don't walk so fast," said Bain, standing up, swaying at Iron Man, pulling him down. She leaned her hips on the table, put the wine glass on top, and spoke slowly in a seductive voice.
"That's what you said."
"How about I go to school with you every day and wait for you at the school gate after?"
"Maybe we don't need to hurry. Let them get together a little bit more."
"We'll have to carry them out." Steve said.
"You can use it any way you want. I've asked them to turn off the surveillance equipment in this room, so we don't have to fix it if you destroy it. And I have given orders. You will not be disturbed." Bain smiled charmingly.
"I know, Tony."
"Is he your hero too? The hero who guarded you?"
"I also won a lot of money at the time. They didn't expect to lose to a car model. But it only works once, and as my reputation in underground racing grows, no one is going to bet on my opponent anymore." Kris said with a laugh. "In the end, I still have to make money by being a model."
"Time is short, Kris. Get out of this house. There's going to be a mudslide." Peter said.
For many days afterward, Paige was a frequent visitor to the toy shop. Jarvis still could not recognize her, even though he could cook. Steve had never been starving since Jarvis could cook. Before this, he had often been hungry. Bucky and Mr. Krats seemed like they did not need to eat. They spent almost all day in the laboratory. He used to see Bucky sometimes, but now he barely even sees him. Steve asked Bucky why he hadn't seen him lately. Bucky replied that Mr. Krats needed him as an assistant.
"How did he get there?"
This time Tony followed Steve back to the room without meeting anyone. The clock in the corridor pointed to three in the morning. Tony had been in the lab so long that he had lost track of time. It was too late. Jarvis was already in bed. No wonder he had to eat the ugly sandwich. It's actually quite tasty.
Mr. Leonard, Level A Contact: We are very interested in the Starktron project we discussed last time. If you can provide us with further proposals, we will consider funding.
To be continued......
“Party! Party!”
"The Android also needs holidays."
"Spider-Man is helping me."
"My baby fell to the ground because of the emergency brake. He hit his head and is still unconscious... God help him, he's only three years old." A blond-haired woman was crying as she sat next to her son in the hospital bed.
"Thanks to Iron Man. He found it."
New York City, late at night.
Tony's thoughts were broken by Peter's appearance. Tony quietly wiped a tear from the corner of his eye. He turned and smiled back at Peter.
"It was only when he was a little older than me, Kang put an evil blot on his heart. It gradually eroded. One day, he lost his mind, became Kang's dog, helped him to conquer earth, tried to enslave all mankind!" Tony was repressed for a long time.
"Einstein only needed one week of sleep a year, I slept yesterday." Tony quipped, "I said that before, just because I had a bad day, you know, there were some noisy guys..."
"In that case, what's the point of all this?"
"It's strong."
"Well, you know I need money. Wait a minute. If you know what I was supposed to do today, that means you know who I am. It's over, it's over, my secret's out."
Tony 19
"The scan failed. Please try again."
"As long as there is an avenger today, you won't hurt anyone again!"
Steve stared at the door, thought.
Steve kissed Tony again to say yes to the question.
At this time, the little girl who found spiderman in a daze was not happy, she shook Peter.
"Iron Man has not been seen at the Avengers' mansion since. A source told us that Iron Man's move to the UK was not authorised by the Avengers, and that there was no agreement among the Avengers on how to deal with the situation... Stark Enterprises had been the main source of funding for the Avengers operations, and Stark himself had been the biggest financial backer. His death left the Avengers financially strapped, and the need for Iron Man, Stark's bodyguard, to remain in the Avengers was questioned. Today, one of the Avengers' co-founders, Captain America, is expected to make a public statement on the matter. Whether Iron Man will remain on the Avengers roster will be clear soon. Before we do that, we cut back to the Yorkshire Dales to find out what local people have to say about previous events."
Chapter 19
To be continued...
"That's not so perfect. Will you at least tell me that I won't go back ten years?"
"The picture you gave me was signed under it."
"Tony, you're crying." Steve leaned over and gently kissed Tony's tears away. "If it hurts, shall I stop?"
Steve's words were stopped by Tony's kiss.
"Then what's your hurry, just send a bat."
"I've been a little busy lately." Tony replied with a shrug.
"I'm the florist's delivery man. Tony Stark has ordered a bouquet for Kris DeGann in room 320."
This is the second time Spider-man has been locked up in a cell at a secret Zodiac base. He was a little worried the last time, but this time he took it easy. He was lying on the bed in the cell, his hands crossed under his head, tapping his legs idly. A blade of grass in his mouth, he hummed a song.
Hearing this, the mercenaries and Zodiac agents who had just been fighting with them stopped and ran for the exit in a rush.
This was a building that Tony and Peter usually see. Tony sat on the top of the building, looking down on New York in 1997. 11 years, this city had changed a lot, but also seemed to have never changed. The night lights were still dim, even in the silence it also revealed restlessness and nervousness, noise and desire.
"You've been here for two weeks. I'm pretty sure you have a copy. If it doesn't, it just shows that your mainframe is fool."
"Sorry about that. You're going to be disappointed. First, I'm a new Iron Man. Second, my armor was confiscated by Steve, and now it is in Avengers Mansion; Third, Steve's super serum may not be immune to Dr. Octopus's green poison, since you're not. Fourth, he also confiscated my Avengers ID card."
"Peter, it hurts, it hurts..."
Peter went through his conversation with Kris as fully as possible, including the details of the search for Dani. After listening, Tony had an impulse to take off his helmet and rub his eyebrows.
"Shall I make you another one?"
"Benji, you call 911, I'll go downstairs and evacuate the crowd!" Tony said. Then he quickly looked for the fire escape passage on the second floor. He pushed hard on it, but the door was stuck. So, he rushed to the bathroom next door, tried to open the bathroom window, which also got stuck. He looked out, saw that the door of the fire escape was soldered, no wonder it couldn't be opened from the inside. The window was about two to three meters away from the railing of the fire escape. Jump over it! Too late to think of another plan, Tony decided to take a gamble. He punched the window out of the larger space, tried to squeeze in. The jagged edges of the unfinished glass scratched his bare arm, and blood ran down. He doesn't care much now. He squeezed out, dug his fingers into the brick wall, stood with his feet to the side on the narrow window sill. With hard legs, he jumped in the fire escape.
"Relax, I'll pay you back."
Steve, Level S+ Contact: A level 5+ tornado broke out in Colorado. A large number of super criminals took the opportunity to escape. All the Avengers who can be contacted are on the way. I didn't wake you up. You’d better eat something before you rush out.
"I learned my lesson last time, given that Spider-Man has become our resident DJ."
"No, nothing...”
"No, it's not fair, plus, you have to take over and care of the man who once 'his man'." Said Spider-Man.
"If this is the case, why do you want to poke this hornet's nest?! Do you realize this is going to cause panic among the people?"
"How can that be? I'm an expert at video games." Tony was calculating: His armor is equipped with a sensor, he can defuse the object if it detects the location of the attack. "But I need to do some scans first."
"The former Iron Man thought it was the best option." Steve tried to calm down. "Avengers' security priority permission had been taken back by the government several times, including during Iron Man's chairmanship. When he was alive... The former Iron Man had spent his entire life dealing with these politicians and the media, fighting a no-fire war to keep the Avengers alive. And signing it at the United Nations, he and I thought, was the greatest victory of the Avengers in this war. Now that this was happening, if the UK government were to protest to the United Nations about the Avengers' unauthorised interference in its own security affairs, it could indeed lead to the withdrawal of our special peacekeeping permission. So, I want you to make a public apology for this."
Then they stole away before the music was over.
"Our hero is back!
"I'll take a look at the Forever Crystal management system and calculate... This one started here, and that one started there. Just need to find the key nodes, eliminate the main ripple effects, and go through some minor repairs... Well, for now, you only need to let him get a gift of baseball bat on his eighth birthday."
"You really need to upgrade your superhero library. Do you think my name is Ironman that means my armor is made by iron?" As he said, Iron Man fell slowly to the roar of his jet boots. When he landed, he rushed to the unconscious Steve, held his head.
Hawkeye shot a row of arrows directly at the Hulk, the harassed Hulk instantly furious.
"I've contacted the Avengers via the comm unit here. Giant Man is on his way. He should be able to make an antidote. You all will be fine."
"It's a kind of barrier coating. I have this ingredient in my armor. After my analysis of his cells, I believed that his cells had mutated. He acquired an ability to convert the heat energy of surrounding human bodies into a cold current. He relies on people around him to power him. By blocking his energy sources, he gradually loses momentum. I have transferred the ingredient formula to S.H.I.E.L.D. They are spraying everyone around. Another moment and the guy will break down."
"Count to zero, you give him your shield."
"Two." Said one of the children.
Short-brown hair fluttered before his eyes in the midsummer sun. He followed him through road after road. The wind in his ears... He ran hard to catch up with him... Although as hard as he could, he ran slower and slower. He began to wheeze and his vision blurred. The short brown hair fluttered before his eyes seemed to recur.
"Jarvis, get my coat and stick ready, and my hat." He said as he slipped out of his protective suit into a shirt hanging nearby and wore his tie in front of the mirror.
Tony doesn't know much about art. For him, this exhibition is just a gray-and-white image of naked men, drugs, and sex, an exaggeration of reality. At least it's not the same kind of art as Steve's wall of paintings. But he immediately shook the pictures and the name out of his mind, listened intently to Kris. Tony knows when to listen, when to interrupt. The art room was quiet. They were whispering to each other. The smell of orange blossom perfume from Kris's body touched Tony's heart.
"Tony... If you want to talk about it..."
"That's what I told him. But his teammates, his... His very, very good friend demanded a public apology." Tony lowered his eyes.
Tony didn't know whether to laugh or cry at this time, or how to defend himself. Peter chose to bury himself in the soup and pretend not to hear.
"They all say that Peter and I sound a bit alike, but we're definitely not the same person, definitely not. Don't ask more, or it's too late. You guys gotta go, follow this road up and join Iron Man right here."
Tony 19
"How do you know I liked it?"
Steve was not part of the jubilation. He was standing at the window, mug in hand, staring at the gate. It has been snowing in New York for several days, and snow was still floating outside the window at this time. Tony never liked Christmas. He said it was all for tricked children. But he would come back every Christmas Eve, no matter where he was. It was inevitable that a few bad guys would trouble them during the holidays. But they always spent Christmas together and welcomed the New Year. It was not a convention; it was just a default.
"You definitely will! But I... I'll just be a little spiderman of the neighborhood, "said Peter, with a grin.
Steve wasn't asleep. The sound of Iron Man's jet boots landing three hours earlier had already signaled "he's back." He pricked up his ears, listening closely to Tony's every movement. He chatted with Jarvis on the porch for a moment, and then ate a late-night snack in the dining room that Jarvis had prepared for him. He told jokes, amused Jarvis who has always been professional and serious. The soundproofing of the mansion was modified by That-Tony. Even though Steve's superserum had heightened his senses, he could only hear intermittent conversation. Then the door of the armor storage opened, then closed. Tony was supposed to recharge his chest implant. Spending hours a day recharging it always makes Tony cranky. To save time, Tony has incorporated various life functions into his armor so that he can complete chores during the flight.
"Well, little progress." Said Tony awkwardly.
"We don't have an estimate of how dangerous it is."
"I'm not all goofy, but you'll eat my goofy."
"Well, it's settled, Real Old Man." Tony caught his gaze.
Tony took off his electronic watch.
"Not better than Captain America. Captain America is red, blue and white. He has wings on his head and stars on his body. I wonder why Mr. Krats never makes his models?"
Just then Jarvis hurried in.
"My family has moved nearby, and you will probably see me every day. Not exactly every day, but often..."
"I agree." Tony said.
"This is Sonny Spencer, class of '68."
"I'm in England, Zzzzz..."
"It doesn't matter. Shall I get you a glass of water? You don't look well.” Peggy said.
Epilogue—— 01
A black car pulled up at Rogers' house. The driver, wearing a gray striped cap, jumped out. He pulled open the door. A man with a moustache stepped out, carrying a sleeping blond child. The moustachioed man carried the child in one hand, and a round red, blue and white shield with a star in the middle in the other. He raised his shield hand and knocked on the door of Rogers’ house.
"Oh, that's interesting. Is that like playing a video game?"
Steve just smiled and kissed Tony again.
"One day, my future self went crazy, wanted to help another madman to rule the world."
"I can't possibly remember that much about people from the '30s. The name just came to me."
"Nothing."
"What am I going to say if they ask where Tony and Peter are, and how do I explain where Iron Man and Spider-Man came from?"
He knew that he was dreaming. Then he fell into complete darkness. He was opening his eyes in a dream. A hazy face appeared before him. He dreamed that he knew the person's name, but no matter how much he shook his vocal chords, he could not pronounce it. He dreamed that he knew the vague face, but that no matter how hard he opened his eyes he could not see it. He felt bound, though he did not feel the ropes to which he was bound. He struggled, but all the struggle touched was the air.
"One day, it was raining hard..."
Tony could only listen to Steve and Jan's conversation, and even if they lowered their voices, he could still hear what they were saying clearly. Because he has another watch on his other hand, and this watch is the same type of watch that he handled to Steve. They are a pair of watches that can be used as a point-to-point contact device. There is a button on the watch that can pop up a holographic three-dimensional image of the contacted person. The microphone on the other watch can be activated through this one.
"I think eventually only Tony himself can solve this mess, so we have to hurry up and get him ready. No matter how afraid we lose him again, but we need Iron Man, the world needs Iron Man."
Steve took the Captain America postcard from the policeman, turned it over, picked up his pen.
"I..." Tony was silent. "Or shall we start over? With the Forever Crystal."
Ten minutes later, Tony lost...
"Ah, ah, let's forget all these details." Steve imitated Tony's tone.
"Tony Stark definitely couldn't have been in 1930, so I picked the name of someone who was already there."
He never made a deal with him to come back every night, did he?
“I know you knocked over my last bottle of whisky, I'll show you the lash when I catch you!”
"Then can I go back to my original time point and continue what I didn't finish before?"
In a few minutes, Tony became a little boy of seven or eight, with brown hair and eyes, in a half-sleeved striped shirt, black short overalls and sandals.
Jarvis was busy in the kitchen; Crystal was helping him; Vision and Dr. Pym were still in the lab; the rest of the Avengers were basically around Beast. Hank McCoy's return had heated up the atmosphere. He's always funny and wacky. Luna held him up like a giant stuffed animal, tugging at his fur. Beast cried out in pain, making everyone laugh.
Tony slowly opened his eyes. Steve's face zoomed in front of him. The effects of the poison were still on him.
"Is there such a lesson?! Why did I never take it? Can you deal with a bunch of killers outside after taking this course?"
"He's not called the Barrel-Monster."
Another hour has passed...
"Liar."
“Not you, Thor. He used to call you 'Master Rogers'."
"Happy New Year, Cap."
"Please help yourself." Bain dropped her arm and sidled away to let the Iron Man pass.
“What?”
"So, you were actually wearing the armor he made for you, weren’t you?"
"Did I scare you? Tony. "She said.
He stopped speaking, just turned into the bathroom. He handed the towel to Tony.
Don't end up in a coffin. Don't. Tony thought. He sat up straight and felt around, but could not touch the barrier. Not a coffin, thank the world.
Then we can run out together, confront Dad and save Mom. But... I am alone, and I am a thin, twelve-year-old boy.
After the handsome brunet kissed the handsome blonde captain in public, Hellcat was very depressed all night. She said to the golden-mask girl next to her: "Why are all the handsome men gay now? Didn't you say he is a playboy?"
Chapter 15
"You're fooling yourself, Tony." Wanda laughed at Tony.
Tony tried to keep his voice quiet as he held back the fury of punching Doom’s metal mask off.
"I really don't know who I am. They said that one of Peter Parker and I was the original Pete Parker, and the other was a clone of Pete Parker. But Mary Jane chose him. I had to choose another name for myself, Ben Reilly. Recently, MJ got pregnant. Peter wanted to live a normal life, so he and MJ moved to Portland. He gave me the Spider-Man title. I'd love to experience your bad growth, but I can't. I'm just a clone, right?"
"It's... "Tony was stunned.
"This isn't Yorkshire anymore, it's Cumbria, don't you remember it, Seth?" Kris said.
"Tony, calm down. I'll deal with Sikorski first." Tasha said.
"Welcome back, Tony." Steve repeated the words mechanically in an emotionless voice.
"Well, what do you suggest?" Tony seduced Doctor Octopus into saying more.
"Yes."
The hug made Peter's heart beat so hard that he didn't notice the flicker of guilt on Tony's face. And Tony didn't notice the blush that was hiding Peter's mask.
"Tony, is it time for you to have a deep talk with me about your ‘lesson'?"
"On the way, we passed 12 common dwarf shrubs between 50-55 cm, 15 shrubs between 60-65 cm, and after that are 70-80 cm shrubs, I did not remember the quantity. On the way, I turned left three times, right five times, and left twice, right three times... Then it got dark, and I couldn't measure the height of the bushes."
"Your kind should rot in the gutter."
"Yep. I told you I made a lot of mistakes."
Spiderman was still talking, and Steve couldn't hear him. Something occurred to him, so he went back to Tony, who was absorbed in playing the game on his watch now.
"Stark Enterprises... Ha-ha, my bad, it should be called Fujika Enterprises by now, and the Avengers, can't give you what you need?"
"If you'll do me this little favor, I'll think about it." Tony lowered his eyes and glanced through his helmet at Bain's bulged breasts. The slim coat squeezed out her cleavage. Tony felt his mouth dry again. Bain is a dangerous and attractive woman.
"Perhaps. Everyone says girls have to be protected. I don't think the Black-Red-Woman needs to be protected. She can shoot steel needles out of her wrists. She can protect herself very well. She also has the guts to do things that other girls don't dare do."
"My mom is just working."
Peter wiped his tears on his sleeve and wiped his face.
“What, Tony?”
"Really?"
"It looks like you guys are having a hard time without him."
"I don't even know them." Tony pleaded.
"Invite him in... Wait a minute, let him in ten minutes and take good care of him. Get me a cup of coffee first, Samantha."
"Harold, can't you do something about it?"
"You know, we're the only two here for the masquerade tonight." Said the girl.
“Tony?”
"Where is the button? "Cried Peter in horror.
"Maybe we have a little time before Tasha comes back." Steve squawked as he buried his head in a kiss on Tony's bare back.
Tony looked in the mirror and decided that he still looked better without a beard.
"You know, since I had been in the future, everyone told me about him. Thor said the stain of honor; Hawkeye said he was always a liar. Wasp's tears. Jarvis's sigher. Dr. Pym seemed relieved. It doesn't feel quite the same from you..."
Five hours later, a Quinjet glided over Washington, cut low, circled several times over the square in front of the Lincoln Memorial, then flew away.
That was the beginning of Tony's 20.
Tony drawled and walked slowly up to Steve. As he got closer, the whole room was watching him. And Steve kept smiling at him, which made Tony a little more confident.
Tony was silent for a moment.
"I can pick numbers! It's really convenient to have access to multiverse management systems. Let me see... What about 0529?"
"You're bored." Said Tony, slightly disappointed. Then he blew the candles on the cake. "All right, guys, let's eat the cake. It is a big surprise cake."
"Cold and Wet." Tony said. "Really, Pete, you shouldn't drink so much ice on such a cold day."
"Here you are, Meg. I've told you many times, it's dangerous here. Don't go near here. With this new job, we'll have more money. I’ll find a wife to take care of you as soon as I can. You've been out in the wild for too long. Now, get in the truck, we're moving today. I don’t want to be late for work tomorrow."
"No, I am not. I need you to do more important things. First, contact the Avengers who are out on missions and see if they can send anyone to give us backup. Second, find out why this happened. Third, find a way to unfreeze the frozen people as soon as possible. Fourth, inform S.H.I.E.L.D. of the solution and ask them to assist. Avengers' first duty is always to save people, not to rush in rashly. If you really want to be one of us, the first thing you have to understand is teamwork. Now, go!"
Taking a break from superhero life and family responsibilities makes him so grumpy that he basically shuts himself up in an underground lab every day without seeing any old friends who come to visit. If it is accidentally broken into by the children, he will lose his temper, blow his beard and stare. Mark 1 will burst into tears; Mark 2 will hide behind me in terror. It’s hard for me to coax Tony well. Our whole family will be on the street about once every year or so, because one of his experiments blew our house up...
"Yep. Maybe you want to go with me. As a transfer student, I really haven't made any friends of my own age to accompany me." Tony was not guilty of saying a lie.
“How dare I disobey?" Said Tony, getting to his feet and turning to pick up Bain.
Until Jarvis disappeared around the corner, Tony followed Steve into the room. Steve's passionate kiss fell as the door closed behind Tony. But when Steve kissed Tony, Tony was absent-minded; when he unbuttoned his clothes, he was still absent-minded; when he touched him, he was still absent-minded...... Steve had to stop.
Well, he's teasing him. Old Tony Stark's bad debt. Tony didn't have time to dig up his past now. He had more important things to do -- save the world. Just as Tony turned to leave, Doom called out to him.
"Don't you see, Spiderman, it’s not about what you and I did right or wrong, it's about Cap making it personal?" Tony was talking to Spiderman, but he kept his eyes burning with anger at Steve.
“What?" Tony didn't know how he had upset her.
"It's pretty much a 24-hour job, and over the years there have been changes in the Avengers' permanent staff, so the emergency response team has been adjusted. The new and potential members will be announced by the current Avengers chairwoman, Black Widow."
"No more arguing, hurry to save people." Steve put an end to the quarrel.
"Sandwiches are a safe choice."
Tony held the clear bag of minerals up to Peter's eyes.
"Moreover, he taught that class specifically for the Desk Man, we were forced to waste time. Fortunately, this time he trained his young version, and didn't drag us into summer camp."
"Tape? What's that?"
"Trust me, I won't..." Tony was interrupted by Seth.
"They're coming. Is there any other way out?" Tony asked.
Steve smiled at Wanda's stubborn expression. Wanda is such a passionate, romantic, spoonful woman. Only Vision could forget her.
Bain poured herself a glass of red wine, then turned to Iron Man with a smile.
"All right."
The last message, dated this morning, was listed as an S+ contact.
"Let's go and sort out your wound. After that, could you tell me slowly what happened?"
"I should be able to change your shape through this system. You can choose one."
Tony did not answer for a moment. Then he began to say something which seemed of no consequence.
New Year. Avengers Mansion, New York.
"I'm not interested." The golden-mask girl replied coldly and turned away. Hawkeye set his eyes on Hellcat.
“She has recently gone from being a 'wasp' to a 'butterfly' for unknown reasons. Since that, it's been a long time since Tasha didn’t let her go on an official mission. It seems that no one can be sent this time. Congratulations! Accompanying me to the third-line search and rescue team. You actually want to go to Florida, do you? According to footprints analysis, Hulk is most likely to be there."
The so-called Avengers’ Charter and various signed legal agreements were written by Tony for outsiders, for the government, for the media. Avengers themselves, whoever is in charge, have the same result, are favoritism. It is impossible to be part of Avengers without knowing the word 'private'.
"Are you two closer? I always thought his best friend was James Rhodes."
“Why did you bother me?”
"Because you interfered, the portrait he would have sent didn't go."
Tears rolled in Tony's eyes... He had been with these people for less than a year, and many people who are going to support him have never lived before, but they had chosen to believe in him at this critical moment, and they had chosen to follow him.
"Did you miss me even before I left? Who was in such a rage when I came to help just now?"
To be continued...
“Again!" Tony got up stubbornly, raised his fist and went to Steve's face, hit an empty.
Doom pondered. Tony stared at the tyrant's solemn figure by the fire, wondering what he was thinking.
"Because you are busy saving the world?"
"You let me be killed at 131 level again." Tony protested. "I thought you'd still be standing there thinking wistfully and tearfully of the old days. But suddenly you laughed. This is supposed to be a place of solemn mourning."
"How does it feel?" Peter asked stiffly.
"Our advanced AI system did discover something. Although the face of the intruder was not photographed, it was found that between 5 am and 5:30 am, the quality of the air particles inside the building changed in some specific locations. By capturing the track of these changes, we determined the invasion route of the intruder. He or she broke through the wall, got into the main engine room, and then reached the 30th floor. If you don't believe me, you can go into our system, check it out yourself." Bain raised her eyebrows, an elongated voice. "And the spectral changes your invisible armor brought were being scanned as well as your route. I think I don't need to tell you the code, Iron Man."
Tony felt seduced by Bain's actions. The moment she approached him, Tony's heart raced with the faint scent of her. Unlike the innocent, unsophisticated girls he had dated before, she exuded the charm of a mature woman.
"Do you mean we go back to my room?" Steve's serious face lit up with a smile.
Steve fell into that dream again. There was moonlight and starlight in the dream, but there was no red figure leading him in front. He ran through the jungle. He was fatigued. He could no longer run. He walked, stopped, and walked. At the end of the winding path, he glimpsed an old castle, a black medieval castle. He did not know why, but he knew that Tony was there. So, he tried with his last strength to move towards the castle.
Tony stood up, walking aimlessly through the darkness.
"Steve, please... Mmmm..."
"Wing-head, you are still so wordy." Hulk grumbled.
"I'll try."
"I call on Captain America to protect me." Steve took a round metal model of the Star Shield that had rolled off the shelf next to him and held it to his chest.
"You refused to forget him, you refused to be That-Tony, you wanted this you to continue, to exist, and that place happened to be a place full of space-time energy, and you gathered that energy and created this universe."
"I'm afraid my heavy shell will crush your delicate sofa." Tony made a joke that was not very funny. Then he adjusted the sound changer in his armor to make it sound more like a machine, to hide his restless heart.
"Yes." Peter grinned. "It's very nice to team up with you."
The Zodiac has a key to knowledge, which can open the space of all dimensions... use the word of this age, 'digital library'. Others focus only on the weapons of knowledge, while I focus on philosophy, the philosophy of the cosmos. I've been studying it for years, and the answer is only one word 'Balance.'The multiverse must be balanced."
"Tony, sorry I'm late, you know that creepy uncle from the Daily Bugle..."
Tony 19
"You're too tired."
But he's not him, is he? So tonight... Will he ever come back?
"You are not the only teacher of mine. It’s Widow's skill." Tony was distracted by talking to Steve, the other man's bat came at him from behind. He heard the wind, ducked a little too slowly. The bat swept to his shoulder.
Music played, Peter danced with the golden-mask girl.
Tony sat and watched. Now and then he turned sideways away from some of the bowls, plates, and syringes that had been blown away in the battle.
"Yes, you told me about her." Peter went on repeating mechanically. The girl who was almost assassinated by Spymaster. Peter has some impressions.
The 77th floor is occupied by the CEO's office. After edging past two guards patrolling the corridor, Tony snuck to the door. In front of the door is an Iris ID lock. Tony prepared for this. He hacked into Bain's personal doctor's file, got a record, performed an iris data simulation. He popped a small box out of his gauntlet. The box beamed a light into the iris scan. Hoping to fool the encryption. Tony thought.
"Then, my assistant, have you got the suit I need for the court?"
Ignoring Tony's reaction, Doom continued.
"Look at it this way, you've been monitoring New York City. It's a really good habit." Said Tony sarcastically.
"I, um, play a lot of tennis."
"My situation is a little complicated." Peter's words set off a torrent of talk from Tony.
"So ‘Superhero Daily' means' Lost Daily’."
"Could you do your best friend a favor, a little favor? There's one thing I'd like to test."
Tony 19
External defense breached. 72% of power left. System data is displayed in front of Tony's eyes.
"Shall I make you another one?" Steve asked, then turned to leave.
Then he said seriously: "Cap, I suggest you stay here, keep these guys in custody until S.H.I.E.L.D. 's agents arrived. It would be better for you to take over. Spiderman could come with me. He already has the basic knowledge, it's an opportunity to get a handle on Avengers equipment."
"Follow me closely." They leaned forward along the wall.
"Good idea."
"He would forgive his father for that bat... When he grew up, he would forgive a lot of ones and a lot of things..."
"Come on, you're a genius."
"Not yet." Steve replied calmly.
"No, of course not. I think you're very sincere, very true, very brave." Tony took Kris's other hand, which was on the table. Tony already knew everything Kris had told him. But he knows when to show surprise.
Spider-Man, Level S Contact: Tony, I did a preliminary analysis of the minerals you gave me. It contains quartz, feldspar, plagioclase, pyrite... and traces of an unidentified crystalline substance, suspected to be non-earth material, that required further analysis against the Avengers' database.
"It won't change anything."
"Spiderman?! What have you come here to do to us, you wretch? Don't touch my goat!" Seth noticed the man, saying angrily.
Tony looked into Steve's eyes. Once again, he was lost in the blue ocean, as if he had fallen into it for the first time. Once again, like a drowning man, he had forgotten how to breathe... But he couldn't...
"Now get on the Quinjet, boys. I smell like a fish, want to go home, take a shower."
"I'd say he's a loyal friend, so I'm definitely rooting for him to stay on the permanent Avengers roster."
"The weather here is also unusual, Zzzz... Heavy rain triggered a mudslide, Zzzz... Spider-Man and I had things under control for now, Zzz... Transfer request..."
"John, please."
Meeker, Rio Blanco County, Colorado.
“First of all, I want to congratulate you on getting the hammer back, Thor". Said Tony loudly.
"I don't understand. This meeting was clearly requested by Cap. He wanted to summarize missions during the blizzards." Vision said.
"I've heard there's a lingering charm, sleeping with a man wearing a steel face." Her whisper rang in Tony's ear.
"Make up a story."
To be continued......
I must put out the fire quickly, avoiding more casualties. Tony thought.
Steve was in the pilot's seat. Tony was in the copilot's seat. Hawkeye and Spider-Man in the back row.
"In that case, to make sure your Christmas wishes are granted, if anyone snatches you at Christmas, I'll have to get you back."
“In theory, if I upgrade it, I could even build your own travel kitty.”
"Help! Here I am!"
"If you say so, solve him quickly!"
"I'm not as good as you are." Wanda dropped her eyes, fiddled with her skirt.
"It's not that I haven't been thinking about moving back. But after that night...You know, after that, everyone assumed that he and I were supposed to be a couple and I was supposed to move back. They asked me again and again. But I don’t want to... I don't want to be tied to him, or anyone else. The sense of anticipation that has been set in my life bothers me. Everyone thinks I love him, but it's not. It's just hormones. It's just hormones somehow, inexplicable. He's the only man I've ever felt this way about. I don't know why nobody believes me."
"So, you have to prove it. You have to prove that you're worth more than just in my bed." Gasped Bain.
At her brother's urging, Paige got into the truck. As it started, she watched through the window as the words "Krats Magic Toy" grew smaller and smaller until they disappeared.
“So, you're Peter or Ben? Do you want me to call you Peter or Ben? '
"Thank you. I mean... I'm happy today. I'm really, really happy."
"You said you didn't make the black circle. If that was true, why did only the Zodiac agents were able to move around in the circle at that time, all other equipment failed?"
At this point, Steve, who had been corona earlier, woke up. He opened his eyes to see Iron Man and smiled.
Hawkeye sat down in a chair, drinking his wine. Tasha walked over to him, handed him an ice pack. Hawkeye put it on his face, sure enough, the place where he had been beaten was burning.
"It's no time to explain. I have a theory."
"Hide so quickly. Don't you want to play hard? I am a force of nature, my source is endless, you are a mortal, see how long you can hide?"
"Actually, I came to talk to you about Charles." Said Beast, frowning.
Moonlight reflected off the snow through the window into the room. Tony's words paused as he gazed into Steve's dark-blue eyes. The rest of his words were buried by Steve's kiss. After a long kiss...
The light cannon was shot at Electro. As expected, it was absorbed by him.
"Clint, I think we need to talk." Steve turned to Hawkeye.
"How can that be? I'm satisfied. I won't leave for a minute now." Tony felt as though he had left the place, but his memory was a little dim. He ignored the dizziness and went on eating his' cake '.
"Don't worry. He's very kind to me." Kris said, "He saved my life several times in New York."
A brown-haired man walked up the half-space in the field. He flipped a switch on the mainframe, shutting off all the screens in front of the dark-haired man.
"Coward. Do you only know how to run?"
"Not, really? Why not?"
"Wow, I'm really impressed! You knocked them all down by yourself!" Tony, recovering a little strength, joking.
"Let it." Tony went on.
"So... You're actually a fake baseball fan, you haven't even been to a baseball game." Tony laughed.
"Please hurry, thanks for all your cooperation."
"You mistake me for him again. But I think I can make it if I'm stuck in a cave. But then again, I would never have been trapped in a cave. Selling weapons is a stupid way to make money and getting caught by terrorists for providing follow-up services is just stupid on top of stupid, and caused Professor Yinsen to die. Besides, do I really need armor to get out? I have studied the data at the time, and now I have at least three escape plans in my mind. Is this person we are talking about really a genius?" Tony said a little crossly.
"The will was all about people he thought he had a duty to take care of, and I wasn't. "Steve paused, then he changed the subject.
"Bucky? Is that the boy you wait for at the gate after school every day?"
"The thought of me makes you sad, uh?"
Tony hit an infrared hotline, smashed a big hockey puck above Steve's head that he just avoided.  The debris dissipated. Tony used the sonar shield to redirect them. A pile of debris hit Steve 's face directly.
"It doesn't matter. Anyway, this shop is just a cover to trap blonde cherubs. Lure him in, knock him out, put him in a cage, and take him to the basement. There is a moustachioed uncle in the basement who will tie him to a table and do all kinds of experiments. Are you afraid?" Bucky said as he grabbed Steve by the shoulder and grimaced his teeth in a demonic look.
Over the noise, Thor laughed and came forward. He stepped between them and put his arm round their shoulders.
A minute later, the woman in the bed was shaking violently, and then motionless.
Chapter 40
"Tony, you did disappear for a long time, and I was so afraid you would never show up again, I was so afraid... And I didn't think you'd show up and give it to me... I..."
"Thinking of you." Tony turned and kissed Kris.
"Steve, there's a strategy meeting going on to save the planet. As Captain America, can you sneak out like this?"
"I can't believe Cooper was Spymaster fake." Kris said.
"Master Krats is in the basement laboratory."
And the caller, apparently, had made a usual assumption that Jarvis would answer the phone.
"No, my armor equipped with an automatic drying system." Tony said as he gently pulled down Steve's mask. Steve's blond hair was instantly drenched. "And you, you won't catch cold."
His legs were pushed back to his sides against the window, his outer thighs feeling the cold of the ice-covered glass, his inner thighs feeling the warmth of Steve's kiss. His body was gnawing at him with an intolerable tingling, and the heat rolled in his lower abdomen. He wanted more. So he asked him to give more.
"No need to open the kaleidoscope, sprinkle the coloured paper, Doom." Said Tony sarcastically. "If you really know me as well as you say, then you'll know that no Tony Stark ever bows to fate."
"Now my shell is much thicker than your flag suit, so this time it's up to you not to get too far away from me, and try to hide behind me, so as not to be frozen into Popsicle again. Aha-ha-ha."
"I agree. But if you lose, you need to take extra simulation training in this room."
"Aged stalking beats your future technology." Tony looked into Steve's eyes in disbelief. He saw a smile in them. He knew immediately that he had been fooled.
"I got it."
"Yes, I have some jiggers in my sleeves."
The rain kept falling, Tony's mood felt like it had been raining for days. He stood on the porch of the farmhouse, watching the rain trickle down the eaves.
"Low-end password entry, too easy."
"Don't copy my style. Aren't you supposed to deliver honest speeches?"
"Doom doesn't have to explain 'mercy' to you hypocritical heroes." A voice, cold as metal, echoed through the hall.
"That's what I thought at first, Jane. Most of the time, he just needs to stay on campus and continue his college life. We don't need him for Avengers missions unless understaffed. Tasha probably plans to do the same. But recently he was hunted down. It is Tony Stark being pursued, not Iron Man. So, we have to get him ready as soon as possible."
Where the hell is the car? I must find the armor quickly.
"Ah!" Bain put her hands around the Iron Man's neck, and then she threw her head back, revealing the curve of her neck and the curves of her full breasts. She laughed. "Ha-ha, I don't need to tell you the way to my room door."
Now, Steve mostly stayed late every day, because Paige walked back to the toy shop with him only at sunset when the school was almost empty. At recess time in the school, Paige wouldn’t initiate a conversation with Steve, who didn’t know how to initiate a conversation with Paige. One day, Steve plucked up his courage and greeted Paige in the hallway.
"Harold, you look after him and escort him back. Don’t let him see you."
"Wow, I know it pays to work for rich people. When can I get it? I've been putting off an important appointment to support you."
Then he picked up his "princess", and flew away through the window.
"Namor? He and I went way back. I..."
"Say what you will." Steve was indifferent, but he held Tony closer.
Steve followed him back to the toy shop, down to the basement. He had never been in the basement, he had no idea how big it was, how many rooms it had.
"I agree." Steve nodded.
"Tony Stark can't, but..."
"Well, it's not that stupid. It's not that smart, but it's still not that stupid. Is it my turn to ask? How did you find me?"
Then he walked out of Steve's room.
"Nonsense, you ignorant foreigners. This is Yorkshire, it's supposed to snow at this time.”
The irony of this is that I never knew that my future self was such a big pot. Of course, I always knew that I was going to be big, but I didn't know that I was going to be big enough to make a difference to the survival of the planet and the universe.
"Something like his beard?" Tony asked thoughtfully.
"This is better be an urgent matter to the imminent destruction of the earth, otherwise, if I see you, I will... % & #."
"Surrender, Libra, that's all. You've caused enough trouble lately. First you turned New York City into a dark night, and now turned the Grand Canyon into Bermuda. Are you busy making chaos everywhere? Isn't your criminal organization short of money? As far as I know, against Avengers, after a few times, you are the only one left of Zodiac. No Taurus benefactor support, such as a third-rate street gang leader, isn't this time to be busy robbing banks in order to survive? You are tinkering around, creating global terrorist events. Is it really good? I don't understand the logic of ringleaders like you. At any rate, your criminal career is over today."
Grand Canyon cliff, next to the Quinjet.
“You were wrong about me, Tony. I don't want a throne, I just want a second chance. A chance for you to let go of what you thought of me. A chance for us to put everything behind and start all over again."
"Well, guys, there's still time to backtrack, but that's all that's left for. All who have traveled in time or hyperspace enter that vortex now. Come on, come on, Time-travel is Super Hero 101." Cried Tony.
"I have no objection. I agree to vote." Steve looked at Tony with a smile.
"Clint, we have talked about this before..." Steve said.
"Doom, what did you put into me?"
"Tony?!"
"My God, Spider, could you dry your uniform? How long has it been since you washed this dress? It smells nauseous. Better dry it with your mask." Clint complained. "I told you, I'm not interested in who you really are."
"It was a boring old people's party at home. I pulled Pete over. The music he played lit the audience."
Spider-Man raised his hand to interpose, but it didn't get any attention. Everyone else was watching Iron Man's reaction.
"Now? I don't want to avoid you, since you said the relationship you and he, not like the relationship they and he. Old Man."
"Oh, Hank, great, you know what a scientist wants."
"By the way, do you want to go to the Brooklyn Dodgers game this weekend, at Ebbets Field?"
"Something like that."
"Today I admit defeat, Tony Stark, you're clever, but you're still not going to trap me. Because my employer is a lot smarter than you, has been playing the field for a long time. We'll see each other again. You won't win so easily next time." The Spymaster tapped a device in his hand and disappeared.
Just then, the glass behind Tony shattered. Spider-Man hopped in, swinging the spider silk.
Spiddy is here. Looks like Steve has help. Tony felt a great deal of relief at once, so he took his time. He is in no hurry to make a move. He wanted to hold off Libra for more information. What Tony had asked Libran before was actually a question in his own mind. Why were the remnants of the Zodiac so frequently creating such meaningless chaos around the globe? Although they are criminals, criminals are also logical. What is happening currently does not conform to the usual practice of Zodiac.
"All right, all right." Tony turned to get his backpack, pushed the button on his chest, and the armor attached to him. He became Iron Man again.
"Then you will continue to oppose my opposition for objection's sake. You'll be angry and rebellious, all you think about is fighting me, all you think about is me..." Steve kissed Tony at every pause; Tony's rebuttal was blocked by him again and again.
"So what's happening here, it was born of you, so only you can stabilize it and give it enough energy to resist the squeezing of some other parallel universes."
There are statues of Captain America and Bucky near the monument. As a man who lives in this era but does not belong to this era, he always asks himself: What would my life have been like if I had not been frozen for 40 years? What if Bucky were still alive?
"Peter, the train... The mudslide just covered the train tracks. It is dark and raining, the visibility is poor and local communications are all down. The train driver might not have noticed in time. I have to fly there before it is too late!" Said Tony, turning to take off.
Steve turned to Tony and whispered, "It's been a long time since Avengers Mansion had a party. He was the one doing all this stuff, and since he, you know... Don't you mind, Tony? '
"Mr. Krats, is Steve bothering you again?"
"Tony, could you get straight to the point?"
"I know that feeling, I've been there. It's just that the looks I cast are no longer being answered. How long can you hold on if someone you love no longer has an emotional connection to you?" Actually, it is Wanda's self-deprecating rhetorical question.
Kris was still incredulous, looking at Spider-Man in disbelief.
"I agree, Cap." So, Tony scrapped his plans to turn it into an electric massage shaker water-bed, and decided to just turn it into an electric massage shaker bed.
As Tony shouted, Steve jumped in through the window. The Spymaster frowned; His confidence has gone.
“Captain Britain?! He is in London, or Avalon... The point is he's not here."
"When I was a child, my home was so big. Every time I woke up in the middle of the night, I would get lost in the dark. I was afraid, but I could never find my parents."
"All right, I'll be off." Steve turned, headed for the vortex.
"Today a bunch of thieves broke into the art museum in your area, stole Picasso's painting. I thought it would never happen again." Said a policeman.
"You can make up for your last vacation. They went on vacation a few days ago. You were the one left on duty."
“I know!" Tony had inspiration, and then he said in frustration. "Oh, I hate these villains, they always do evil at the wrong time. It's not that they can do evil at the right time, but they always choose such times, such times like this..."
"If it is true, it would be a private thing between them."
Then he locked the door again.
"Actually, I... I..." There was a long pause. “Yes, I'm still in love with her.'
As he did so, the ice cream in his hands melted, dripped onto Tony's red T-shirt, leaving creamy white spots and arcs.
"As a newcomer, you're not too bad." Wanda said.
So, this time Tony gave Steve a long kiss as the door closed behind him. But this time it was he who did not get a very enthusiastic response.
Time passed quickly in the shop. Steve and Paige talked about many things. They rarely talk about the present or their respective families. Steve didn't like to think about his father, and he hardly ever saw his mother. Paige's parents are dead and she has only one brother. They liked to talk about the future when they grew up.
No! The armor's invisibility was disabled! Tony was completely exposed to the cameras in the office.
"Is that so? I think there's been a misunderstanding. So to speak, Tony and I went way back. How could I have stolen from him?" There were clear hints in Bain's words.
Tony pulled Peter aside, communicating with him through the built-in connector. Because of the close distance, there was no interference between them now.
"Yes, that's what you think. You sent me here thirty minutes ago, I don't remember. But you sent me here months ago, I do remember. The difference is that I was wearing armor. My armor is recording all the time. I just watched the video afterwards. So what you're telling me now, I won't remember when I get back to Earth 20200629-TS, because I'm not wearing armor at all. And damn it, I'm not wearing anything at all!"
"Iron Man is online, Zzz..."
"How wonderful! I thought I was going to rot in jail tonight. You have no idea how glad I am to see you! I owe you one big favor today."
"You don't really have to clarify anything, and I didn't have a clear definition of our relations, just like he didn't at that time. After all, I'm his past form."
"If you must mention our agreement, you promised to listen to me at this time." Steve cupped Tony's head in his hands, made his eyes look at him again, only at him, and then he kissed him hard. God knows, he should have done it against all eyes, against his Captain America identity, from the moment he saw him again. Then he waited so long that he almost missed him once more.
"You know, Spider-Man is a guy who lacks a plan, who is confused with logic, who is slow to react, who is socially awkward, who is dizzy with heights and water and blood, who is afraid of heat and cold, who is afraid of everything, whose superpowers were extremely unstable, I'm exhausted from being on a team with him..."
"So that's what you want? Become the dictator of this space, enslaving all people. You will be disappointed. Any tyrant will eventually be overthrown, no matter what lies he tells his people."
Only a handful of people were able to break Stark's multilayer encryption. The monitoring equipment has been completely destroyed. It will take a long time to repair the hard disk. Once the designs fall into the hands of the wicked, it will be a disastrous, and must be recovered quickly. Tony anxious thought, but he tried to calm himself down, thinking about this matter.
"Low and bottom? "Steve said as he unbuttoned Tony's clothes.
"Lay down your arms, do not be rude to our guest."
"It took me 10 minutes and 25 seconds to break through. I think you should give him a raise."
"I am telling the truth. You didn't do it."
Chapter 09
"I don't think you need to research. I already know who he is, 'Whiplash', a mercenary. What enemy have you got, being hunted down in the street?"
"Listen, there is only one way right now. I will put the filter in my chest into a mask for you, and you will be immune to his poison."
"Oh." Peter said.
"Yes, leave it to me. You all go out, enjoy yourself."
She didn't like Krats because he talked to her father all the time and she was stuck in this boring cafe and couldn't go to the mansion across the street and meet her playmates.
"Ha-ha, it's not that awesome. Just providing some consulting, data maintenance and other technical work. This is the reason why you contacted me, but I didn't reply on time. Most of the Avengers missions are secret, so I can't talk too much about them. And now that you know, you'll keep it a secret, won't you, Kris?" Tony said, squeezing Kris's hand.
Hawkeye was piloting a Quinjet; Spider-Man was sitting next to him in the copilot.
He was able to protect so many people. He protected so many people. It seems like I have to wait to be rescued every day. How much of his corruption could be blamed on himself? The other side surpassed our present human technology level too much. Every day he faced great temptations; Every day he struggled to resist them. Look at me now. I haven't done half as well as he did in similar situations." Tony said gloomily.
"Trust me, Namor definitely wouldn't want you as his neighbor." Steve said with a smile.
"Ha-ha, are you saying ‘Iron Man can’?"
"Dr. Banner." Tony said.
"But he and I are decades apart. He is so out of time. His room looks like a 1940s barrack. He is also very stubborn, and refused me to modernize it in any way. You know what? His bed made my back stiff." Tony complained.
"So, you put on the most difficult pajamas in the world to untie and jumped into my bed..." Steve smiled gently, and his voice was as magnetic and low as Tony remembered it, tantalizing.
Tony's chest implant lit up again; His eyes slowly opened. Giant Man and Wasp were surrounding him. Steve, on the other hand, had already gone to the outer ring.
Tony had arranged their dinner with great care. He had already reserved a table at a fancy restaurant. Kris looked even more beautiful in the orange light. After a few glasses of champagne, Kris talked with a hint of wine. She chatted about her life in London, anecdotes about her modeling career, her family and friends.
"Ha-ha! My friend! We shall meet again on the other side!"
A man dressed in a black robe and wearing a helmet, stood on a roof, overlooking Central Park.
The fighting continued.
"I don't know, Tony."
"Tony! You scared the heck out of me."
When the steady voice sounded, Tony involuntarily hugged the man beside him, burst into tears. The rain had drenched him. He trembled.
"Look, it's not MJ who decides who you are, it's yourself." Tony put his arm around Pete's shoulder, leaned his head on.
On the flight to Colorado, Tony thought: Lots of dangerous criminals escaped, but he didn't wake me up. And it was my fault. I should have read his note the first time I woke up. I didn't get back my watch he had confiscated, so the system assume he is the highest-level contact. But when did the Old Man can use this high-tech gadget? That's what it says, 'Steve' play ‘dumb’.
"I don't even know if these people deserve to be saved by Iron Man." Tony shouted angrily.
As Tony flew toward the Pennines, more violent earthquakes followed. The combination of the earthquake and heavy rains triggered flash floods, raising river levels and sending boulders tumbling down with mud and sand. Tony turned on the Avengers contact device built into the armor.
"I'll think about it. You've been the headline figure lately. Bain's overseas acquisitions were all covered by you on page 2. If I made a call to the press right now, I'd be on page 1."
"If Tony is still in," Jane sighed, "I mean That-Tony, pursuing high-tech weapons is his stage, maybe Hank can help."
"Your castle is a bit big, there are a lot of fork roads, my probes aren't working, and I'm a bit in a hurry, so if it's not too much trouble, your little double guide..."
"Bain is a legitimate business. But we've made a lot of enemies over the years. We've always had hostile peers."
"Tasha wants them to rub together."
"I will give up." Steve's voice was dejected, but his blue eyes were smiling.
Avengers Mansion.
"You."
"How complicated? You weren't there when his will was announced. You weren't even in his will."
"Well done, you're smart enough, Tony Stark. I am now interested to hear how you discovered my disguise."
The pigeons flying and falling on the square, the children running with balloons, the street artists playing performances, the teenagers skateboarding... Everything is so calm, such is the life of ordinary people. This kind of life can be fun to watch for a while, but then it gets boring. Tony got bored.
Having vented his anger on himself, Tony sank into depression again.
"Since you're a 'genius boy,' do it!"
"The location is..."
"All right, Cap. Widow offline."
"You know what, Pete?"
Garth, professor Eldon's assistant, asked when the scientific paper he had been putting off for a week would be due. Tony adds in the memo: Call Garth, explain that "Fired, arm injury, paper submission will be delayed by two weeks." priority 2.
“Whoever is the lucky man will not let a beautiful girl like you down." Tony narrowed his eyes and bent his head to kiss Kris as he slowly pulled down her skirt...
"Don't even think about it, Old Man. You're going up for nothing." Tony gave Steve a direct look.
"So what did you really get me for my birthday?"
One day Paige didn't show up. Steve waited until it was almost dark, but she still didn't show up. Finally, he walked back alone. The next day it was the same. And the third day. Steve knew she wasn't sick because he had seen her at school. She sat among her friends, and talked with them with smiles. On the fourth day, Paige showed up at the Magic Toy Shop.
"Pete, wake up."
After Tony shouted, he recorded the passage on tape and played it in a loop. Then he flew back to the village where some of the buildings had collapsed. Luckily it was Christmas and many people had not slept because of the party, so they ran to the square immediately after the earthquake. But there were still people buried under collapsed buildings. Tony turned on an infrared scanner on the armor to locate the lives buried beneath the collapsed buildings. He joined the remaining police and fire crews. With a clear location, the rescue effort was much faster.
Whew! Clang! Tony hung in mid-air with his arms around the railing of the fire escape. Playing tennis gave him a great boost in his arms. He pushed his arms hard, turned sideways, and jumped into the fire escape. The door to the fire escape was blocked. It can't be opened by human hands. Tony needed his armor. He ran down the aisle, trying to find the red sports car.
Chapter 18
"I don't know how to take it with me yet." Tony said awkwardly.
“What? Peter.”
No, he's back early. He thought of the shirt he dyed blue... His heart beat in a beat. I'm gonna get punished, and I'm gonna get Bucky involved.
This time Hawkeye angered Tony, who had hitherto forborne and ignored his cold words.
"I can stay. I don't need a break." Vision said.
Forget it, good news first. I have already found out all the ins and outs of this guy. This Silly-Ice Face's real name is Sloane Elden. He's a cryonics scientist who runs a private institution called the "Future of Humanity", such as that. It's funded by people who are dying. Want to listen to my point? Dying people. Call it "Future of Humanity", really ironic, Aha. The slogan of this organization is' being immortal ', but it's just propaganda. It's actually freezing rich people who are dying, turning them into Popsicles. They hope after 40 or 400 years, with the help of future technology, may wake up, be cured, then they'll be rich and richer, make money and more money... What a great pursuit! In fact, it is quite a low-end technology. I feel like 10 years ago I wrote a paper about demonstration on the Theory of Irreversibility of Human Frozen Cells, even now there are still people doing this. Rich people are so easy. Say so, you are a special case, Old Popsicle, because you have super serum, which means you've been converted, your cells can repair themselves at extremely low temperatures... It seems I need to study deeply."
“Suit up!" Steve yelled, he pulled the shield out of the backpack and quickly changed into his uniform. When he turned around, he found out Tony was just using a pair of gauntlets.
"Nothing new." Said Tony vaguely. "All I can say is that whether the prediction of Libra is true or not, it is certain that the earth will not be destroyed for a while. If it makes you feel any better."
A middle-aged woman at the table next to Tony watched the TV and wiped her eyes. "Haven't these Avengers thugs done enough in New York?" She mumbled. "God, how many more have to get hurt before you punish them?"
"I think it's safe to add letters, like 20200629-TS. Well, that's fine."
"Yes. So be careful. They haven't found out what we're doing yet. Be quick."
"Thank you. There's something else I want to tell you."
Bang! The chair tipped over.
"I... er... You're the one who told me not to mess with the timeline because it would cause a paradox..."
The supporting heroes had arrived in Central Park. X-Men, Fantastic Four, Namor, Black Panther, Falcon... There also were plenty of street heroes Tony didn't recognize. Manhattan had the largest evacuation of people. Under the envelope of powerful energy, New York had become an island.
"As you wish, Master Steve. Anything else I can do for you?"
"I said... I said Dr. Strange teleported us back to New York." Peter said.
"Because the key to saving the planet isn't the meeting inside at all. You're the one holding the key."
Kris, I really haven't thought about her in a while. Tony adds in the memo: "Date Kris, priority 3."
"I was a train dispatcher on duty that day, and suddenly his voice was on our dispatching channel... We then spent a considerable amount of time monitoring and repairing the system. This led to chaos in the scheduling of many trains on that day, and many passengers were unable to get home on time for Christmas."
After a while, Tony lay comfortably on Steve's chest, feeling his hand slide from his neck down his spine to an inch below his tail-vertebrae, no more, no less, always in that position, and every time his finger got there, Tony would give a little shiver, and then it would slide back in reverse. It was a slow, comfortable, grinding motion, not intense, not wild, just twisted and twisted. It tugged at Tony's body, made him feel hot under his belly, made him crave more every time, a little bit more... When Tony is half attentive to his body pleasures, his mental defense is lower and his IQ is only half left. He just casually started the conversation, the question he'd always wanted to ask but didn't want to ask formally.
"Okay, you put on invisible armor and videotaped the whole thing. But I don't have time for you to laugh at my miscalculations right now. I'm trying to find a way to break through the New York City energy barrier, let the outside heroes in."
“You don't understand!”
"You defiled tradition and religion."
"Oh, I didn't go out with my handkerchief on. All right, all right, I’ll try my best, okay? I will try to look around here. It's a long way from where I live now. I mean truly a long way. But I’ll take a little detour."
“Butan mine froend, Mjolnir is na...(But my friend, Mjolnir is not...)"Thor interrupted.
"Eric, why do you walk away every time? She needs you now. They need you now."
“But, it couldn’t be that name!”
"Thank you for your compliment. It would be nice if I didn't destroy the earth. I don't know if I am a big guy who has to survive."
Well, I'm in a good mood today, in a hurry to get home, so I don't want to argue with you. I'll give you one minute to run away."
"I know, believe me, I don't want to be him either. But it is better to be him than to cause the earth to perish."
At 4:32 in the morning, he was in the bathroom with Steve. The running water drowned out the call, so he missed the call completely. Now is not the time to blame himself. Tony put on his armor and flew out of the mansion.
Tony was sitting on a bench in the corner out of the SICU, elbows on his knees, hands on his head, fingers deep in his hair. His arm was covered with blood, and the wound turned up, with fragments of glass in it. The nurses passed by, repeatedly reminded him to deal with it. But Tony, overwhelmed with remorse and fear, refused to listen. And that's exactly what Steve saw when he walked in.
Ten minutes later, music, video games and video images kept popping up on the little dial. Steve just couldn't open the map. He finally broke down.
"That's an important part of the purpose of this class. We often lose electronic contact with other Avengers, and at that time we need a tacit understanding without explicit information."
Peter, who was frozen, was eating the soup with his hands on the bowl, and the words "thank you" murmured.
"You can’t fly. Your following will only slow me down. You stay and take care of the DeGanns. Do you have your Avengers ID card?"
“So, can I go on doing what I was doing before you fell asleep, Tony?”
"Yes, Master Krats." Jarvis turned and went into the kitchen.
"You know, I think what you said makes sense. You don’t need to join the simulation training. You can go to create the armor you want. Maybe one day I'll wear the armor you built for me."
There was an Iron Man logo with a cross, and an iron head transformed into a grinning monster.
Seeing it seems like yesterday, but I've been living here for nearly a year. And this year, I have changed so much...
"You could say so."
Tony stopped, but he did not turn.
"A woman wants to keep a few secrets."
"In fact, I've been thinking about stealing you all night after that daring thing you did tonight."
Whoosh! An empty bottle flew out.
"Thanks again. You are really good! I could not see your movements, but they all fell down." He exclaimed.
"I mean a Real Cake."
"Tony, are you stalling on purpose?" Steve shouted on the team channel.
External defense breached. 58% of power left. System data is displayed in front of Tony's eyes.
"I see. You take risks every day. I'm used to them, almost. Tell me what it is. I'll follow you." Steve replied.
"You look so beautiful today, Kris."
Steve retreated to the right side of the car, blocking the whip's view so that he couldn’t see Tony under it.
"I can only say that's one of the reasons why the real identity of a superhero needs to be kept a secret. When we take off our uniforms, we protect you in secret around the people."
The next day, Harrison Carter received an offer from Carbonell Industries to pay twice as much as he does now, plus an apartment rent-free on Manhattan's Upper East Side. He couldn't believe it.
Tony 19
There was silence...
"Obviously not. Street thugs at most."
"Besides, as you know, he's not an expert in space physics." Tony said.
"Well, I'll call on Iron Man to defeat him." Bucky picked up the silver-barrel-monster next to him. "He can shoot Unibeam and knock your shield away. Boom, boom... "
Garth, Professor Elden’s assistant, Level A Contact: Mr. Stark, we need to talk about your attendance and your paper. If you don't want to retake science next semester, you have to hand in your paper at the end of this week.
"Not, because Carol was coming."
"Well, we have to entirely neutralize Dr. Banner's personality in Hulk for a while, in order to bring out the best in Hulk."
"Ahem... Not because of you, not because you begged me pitifully, not at all. It was only because Kris woke up. She reminded me that Iron Man was just there saved so many people got out of danger. I think it's better for me to continue him to exist."
"What do you think of the idea of going back by ship?"
"That means you also need a strong mind controller. But Professor X wasn't here." Steve said.
"You know what? "The golden mask girl suddenly said. "I think they're right. Sooner or later, one day, you will be that person, because now you are the man."
"Tony, where are you going?"Peter's eyes widened in confusion.
"The airship's power should be enough to open a channel on the Dimension Black Circle, but only for 30 seconds." Tony said.
"I... All right."
"Well, where are you going?"
"One more thing, we ruined Central Park."
"I have a small favor to ask of you."
"How was your Christmas in England?"
After they repaired the Jet, Tony put Peter back in the copilot’s seat, taught him how to start the Jet and operate the control panel.
"My friend Pete is shy. Where do you two want to go next?" Tony said. "I have a full tank of gas and free tonight."
"Oh? Interesting? How do you know?" Tony steadied his voice.
"What? Are you sure? Not fighting prehistoric monsters? Not to stop the Galactus? Not even have to hit the Red Skull? Just deliver a bat?"
"No label."
"I have no plans to move back."
It was noon when Tony woke up again. He stretched himself and sat up. A little reluctant to face the minutia of everyday life. Tony clicked on his watch and opened his voicemail. Sure enough, there were hundreds of messages. Tony recently added an automatic filter system that automatically ranks messages by contact, saving him a lot of time. At this point, he only selected messages from people with an A or higher level. The message began in chronological order:
Tony told Steve about the plan.
Extra-dimensional space time.
"Is that why he's been spending all day in his lab underground, trying to find a way to get him back?"
"Very different. Because that universe was created temporarily by Franklin, it's not perfect, it's not stable, and a lot of what exists in our universe doesn't exist there. It's a compressed version of our universe, so time there is compressed as well. Time there moves much faster than it does in our universe. Maybe it's 1:10 or more. So our one day is equal to 10 days or more over there. We don't know how vast Franklin made of it. We have to wait for Hank's calculations. In the meantime, I have been entrusted by Dr. Richards with the care of Franklin." Said Charles, fondly touching the little boy who sat in his arms.
A shout came from a cell window when they were about to turn to leave.
"But not for you, isn’t it?"
"You won't make a mistake, you'll never make a mistake, or at least you won't make a mistake like mine, a mistake worse than any I've ever made, you won't. You're Mr. Perfect. The perfect captain, the perfect hero... Are you?"
"It isn't just 1930. You need to make the new connections solid and the entire timeline basically repaired."
The rest were a little frightened at the sight, but by sheer force of numbers they gathered round again.
"I thought you always hated being him."
"That's him. He was famous long before the‘Stoney’ flicks."
Tony was surprised by this change of scene. It was Sunset Bain.
"Oh, that party. I remember..." A faint smile appeared on Steve's face.
Thor spoke for 20 minutes, finally sensed something was wrong with Steve.
Steve pulled Tony around the corridor. Though they did it very gently, they bumped into Jarvis just before they reached the door of Steve's room. Jarvis strutted along, holding the tray firmly in his hand. Tony wished he was wearing invisible armor.
"I'm not in a hurry."
"I can trace."
He couldn't believe how lucky he had been today, escaped the whip. Perhaps because it was his birthday, God had blessed him and spared him from punishment. He made a birthday wish today, a secret birthday wish... He ran back to his room, grabbed his slate, paints, and brushes, and rushed out the door. He hoped it was not too late...
"I really wanted to test you, but you begged me..."
"Do you concede this time? Old man." Tony said as he opened his mask.
“I didn't doubt her, if I had, I wouldn't have brought her. But Tasha is suspicious of her. She suspected that she had helped us in Kang's case, which was Kang's way of putting his own people in our midst. But as I said, it's not Kang's way to hire a killer. And it wouldn't benefit him to go after today’s Iron Man. I brought her here just to give her a chance to prove it to Tasha."
Tony was dragged away by her. She turned a few corners and pushed open the door of Rush's Fraternity house.
"I came... to help... Avengers task..." Said Peter cautiously.
"I'm not sad now."
Tony leaned over and kissed the old idiot who was naked underneath him, and then he went inside him. Better than he could have imagined, better than any woman he had ever experienced before. The feeling of deep immersion, the sense of security enveloped in it, and the dangerous lure of every rise and fall, made him want to sink deeper and want more. He wondered why he hadn't thought of doing this before. He even knew that he would agree if he asked. Perhaps subconsciously, he was afraid of falling so deep, into his body, into his heart, into his thoughts, and going further and further with him. He is so thick that it is easy to become infatuated with him after reading page after page. From the moment he entered him, Tony had fallen in love with the feeling of being in him.
Tony was sure he saw affection in Doom's eyes beyond the mask, so he softened his tone.
"Did it hurt you? I'm sorry." Peter reached over and rubbed it.
Tony closed the shield.
But things went awry, suddenly the alarm went off.
Tony felt a violent shuddering of the man he was hugging. And then Tony's bleeding arm was pinned down against the wall above his head. The blood, mixed with hot water, slid over his body, and over Steve's body, landing at their feet, pink on the bathroom floor. The force of the push also knocked Tony's bare back against the cold bathroom wall. The sting of the cold made him feel the heat of Steve's kiss even more keenly. His heavy breathing was drowned by the sound of running water, but it was close enough for Tony to feel the irregular heaving of his chest. Tony curled up his mouth.
"Ah-ha? Now, you know it's so cumbersome."
"Ha-ha, you're just the same. You won't find your way here. Tony. "Doom said.
"It seems to be a matter of physics. Perhaps you could consider our old friend Dr. Richards.”
‘Wait a minute, hear me out. After I researched the crystal management system, I found a way to communicate directly with your brain. After all, turn off the memory interference frequency of the system to transmit back and forth, which is very easy to attract the attention of the Time Keepers. It’s safer.’
"One more thing, would you tell me your name? I mean, if you get lost and can't find me, or if you lose the map, I know your name, I can still find you. I'm not afraid of the long way... I'm not afraid..."
"I think Mr. Krats would agree." Bucky nodded.
"Boys, I think you are just too laid-back to get into a street fight on the National Mall." With a magnetic female voice, Black Widow stepped out of the shadows. "I should consider giving you both more assignments."
"You're so slowing down, Spiddy. I've been thinking of building you a spider-armor to speed you up." Tony complained.
Steve stroked Tony's hip through the jeans, tracing the shape over and over again, sliding down to the inside of his thigh, and up, and forward, and deep...
Central Park, New York City.
"Are you asking me to have sex with you? "Said Tony with a smile of relief.
The man in the mirror had unkempt hair, stubble on his chin, and bloodshot eyes. You can't go to Mrs. Rogers like this. She'll panic even more. He straightened out his messy hair, washed his face and used the nearby razor to shave his chin.
"If we keep arguing, there will be more innocent people injured!"
“Call Harold, use the emergency line, and have him drive up to Rogers' house at once. Take the black, nondescript old Ford and change the license plate. Don't let him meet me at the shop. I'll walk through." He said as he dressed.
"I'm trying to put that wilderness survival lesson you taught into practice."
Thinking of this, Steve held Tony in his arms tighter. It made Tony feel some discomfort in his dream, unconsciously pulling himself free. Steve smothered his struggle and kissed his neck. The kisses apparently evoked memories of Tony's body, so he stopped struggling and rolled over to face Steve.
"Master Thor, your mead. Young Master Anthony, your Shirley Temple. Your tea, Master Steve."
"Tasha..."
"How come there's no word from the Avengers?"
"That's convenient. If only saving the planet is that simple every time, that would be wonderful. Let's get this over with, I want to go back and eat another piece of my cake. By the way, who am I delivering a baseball bat to?"
"Unfortunately, the number is so popular that it's already been taken. How about 0629? I'll take a look at the records. Oh, there are so many earths. It's occupied too."
"That's nothing compared to what you've done for me. You saved my life twice. So anyway, let me find a way to thank you. But, you're always so busy..." Kris said, hanging her head.
"I was so frightened. I rolled over, put my ear to the door and listened. There was a pattering sound in the distance, like footsteps, which I could not make out if I did not listen carefully. I grew more and more frightened. But I knew that if I didn't figure out what the sound was, I would be afraid all the time. So I decided to see what it truly was. I put on your... I mean, the uniform of the hero that I admired so much... I went down the stairs, down the hall, around the hallway, down the basement... Every step I took, my heart was pounding. Every step I took, I wanted to run to my room and hide, but I didn't. I felt like wearing something with his logo on it. He would be there for me. That gave me courage."
To be continued...
"I think I should tape what you said today."
Steve began unbuttoning the buttons on Tony's pajamas, two tightly knit rows of extremely difficult buttons.
Steve stood up and got close to him.
“Then I'll go on doing what we were doing before you fell asleep, Tony.”
"Did I do something wrong? Who is the previous owner of this mask?" Tony was completely confused.
Steve laughed. He tried to get the film out of his head, but the details kept playing back, which made him laugh harder. He laughed at himself:
"But according to the agreement, you must listen to me first. I was wondering when it would be the right time for us to slip away." Steve whispered in Tony's ear.
"I think there's been a misunderstanding." Tony shrugged.
He pulled a chair to one side of the bed and sat down on it. He rested his elbows on his knees and folded his hands under his chin. Steve shook his head again. He pushed the covers off him, pulled his arms.
Castle Doom, Latveria.
“Tony! "Giant Man shouted.
"I grew up with very few friends. They were too stupid for me. I was too smart for them."
"May I treat your daughter to ice cream? Mrs. Carbonell. "Said Krats suddenly.
"I know, Tony."
The Golden Knight had put away his armor; He is just Tony Stark longing for the man in front of him. Tony pulled up Steve's uniform, stroked the hard muscles sticking out of his waist. Then, following the line of muscles all the way up, he uncovered his clothes, fondled broad back muscles.
"I can't believe it's just a cake!"
"But that's not an excuse. It doesn't take away the fact that you broke the law."
"But we can't lose you, not again." Jane came out and hugged Tony, tears in her eyes.
"See, I said Captain America is better. Your barrel-monster can't pierce his shield."
Chapter 10
Mr. Leonard, Level A Contact: We are very interested in Starktron project we discussed last time. If you can provide us with further proposals, we will consider funding.
Tony was lost in thought, contemplating the year he had lived.
"Okay."
"Isn’t it logical that you want to get something from Starks in order to complete the contract?" Tony demanded.
-Tony.
“Wasp and Giant man are still on their way, so we can have a meeting as soon as they arrive." Steve said.
"I won't bother you any more, since it's getting late." Krats touched the brim of his fedora, nodded, and left.
"Hawkeye, not now, believe me, this is not a good time to provoke him." Tony shouted on the team channel. Then Tony got up, stood next to Steve.
"Look out! "Steve shouted. Pick up Tony and roll away.
"He talked to you?" Kris said.
"Still not too many clues, only know that the opponent should be held a high-tech tiger. That doesn't narrow things down much. A.I.M., Zodiac, Hydra... And some of Tony's old enemies. Hammer, Nefaria, Bain, Mandarin..."
“Why did you leave?”
"Steve, even if I agree..."
Avengers Mansion, 22 hours ago.
"Put it back. Maybe you'll need it again someday." Steve handed Tony the mask. "The irony is that he didn't make the device to filter poison, he did it to filter alcohol. It turned out to be effective against countless poisons, but not alcohol. And his drinking problem was getting worse..." Steve's mind drifted a little further.
Bain became one of the biggest contractors on government arms-making contracts after Stark Enterprises withdrew from the industry. But they are also suspected of having links to the world's underground sale of high-tech weapons. At the same time, they sell weapons to the government and terrorist organizations, and then provoke local armed conflicts. They are good at making profits in both ways. But Bain has always been very careful. So far, the anti-transnational criminal organizations, S.H.I.E.L.D and spy agencies have not caught Bain. And if Stark's armor design fell into their hands, the consequences would be disastrous. The copy must be destroyed as soon as possible. But it's not a good idea to sneak into the high-security Bain Tower alone, so Tony called for backup this time.
"But you still have to come to basic fighting and survival training."
"You will understand."
"Wait..."
"Don't be funny, are you going to make me your slave by brainwashing me? A cruel tyrant, a lunatic with no bottom line." Tony swallowed his sympathy for Doom.
“He's a bad guy. Why should I tell the truth? I told him that to let his guard down so I could put on my armor before he noticed. If you didn't make it, I must have a plan B."
"I did it only because Hawkeye pissed me off, and I didn't really mean to say anything. I don't want to declare that you belong to me, or I belong to you."
To be continued...
"Steve, you're not like them, you have a gift, it's a gift from God, don't waste it. I know you'll be great in the future. I know you will." Said Mrs. Rogers, touching Steve's face.
"Mr. Krats, S-level contact." Jarvis said.
"Is it very late already?”
"Sure. What is it for?”
"This is an Iron Man puppet?! Are you sure? It looks like a red and yellow swamp frog. You sewed it yourself? Thank you P... Thank you Spider-Man."
Then things get easier. The backup disk was in Bain's drawer. It was just a regular drawer without any encryption locks. But just as Tony opened the drawer, he saw his red gauntlets.
"I did. I believed every word you said, till I found out you are a slicker and a liar." Tony whispered 'liar' into Steve's ear, his tongue tip brushed over his ear drum.
It hurt so much. He endured the pain, was ready to finish the fight quickly. Tony swung around the opponent's back, sent him flying for a kick.
"I cunnan na to understando se wynn of hit.(I failed to comprehend the fun of it.)" Thor said doubtfully. "butan se heortan of mine freondas is genog to macodon me felan bliss. (But the hearts of my friends are enough to make me feel happiness.)"
"Octavius, If you don't mind, let's talk." Tony said.
"Without a conclusion, I was locked here. Spider-Man broke into my lab, but I'm the one locked up here. It's not fair, is it?"
"Ha-ha, Thor, you can understand, it is a kind of human humor."
"Tony..."
"I'm sorry, I..."
"Tony Stark, don't think you're tough. You are just lucky, Captain America is around to protect you. One on one, you'd be dead now. Don't sleep so well. I'll be back." Whiplash shouted and flew away.
"Thank you." The golden-mask girl picked up a biscuit and began to eat.
"Is the teacher who taught you to fight?"
I can't make money in this form. Of course, without the support of the forever crystal system, completely changing my form is a bit difficult at the moment, but it's possible to make a deceptive hard hologram. I still need some materials... Wherever I can get them in 1930...
"Uh, I won't catch cold." Steve said with a smile.
"We've been best friends for a long time, Tony."
"When we went to the baseball game, he wore a shirt. He said when he was a teenager, he wore it. Until I saw him in it, I thought nostalgia was for an old man like me. He was always updating his stuff. I was always laughed at by him, 'the man out of time' clinging to old stuff."
"All right, all right. I've learned that if you don't get your cake, you'll complain forever."
"I was the driver of the train. He suddenly appeared in front of me and completely blocked my vision. I couldn't see what was going on and had to brake sharply. If it wasn't for his presence, I could definitely see the rocks on the track ahead and deal with them in time, which would not have injured many passengers at all."
After a few laps, he was caught up by Bucky and fell to the ground.
"Ha, ha," Tony said, making his laugh sound as natural as possible. "It seems so. Someone else is behind this. I won't bother you, Ms. Bain.”
Grand Canyon cliff, next to the Quinjet.
"My friend, be gallant and firm to women, learn from me." Then Thor followed Hellcat.
"You heard it wrong. It is the roar of the train." Peter carefully discerned. His spider sense came online again.
"Well, get ready to be beaten up by Kris's brother. He looks fierce."
"It seems that your friends have come to see you. I can't keep you today." Bain said with a smile. "But don't worry, we'll be seeing each other again, Iron Man."
"You are the vermin of this country."
New York City, 1930.
"Alert, alert, intruder."
"Oh, I know, it's my fault. I shouldn't have kept it from you and other Avengers. If it was him, this little problem would probably have been solved long ago. But I am not him." Tony hated the feeling of powerlessness. He hated the feeling of being under siege. He hated the feeling that almost everything had gone beyond his expectations. And these unexpected things also include himself.
"You've been getting some work from Zodiac lately, haven't you? I'd like to know some commission details."
"Where are the other Avengers?"
"Bucky, you come, you're here!"
"I know now that it was more than a simple compliment. It was enough to add to my ego. Wait a minute, let me see, if you can use this perverse thing, then you can send me back to that timeline. I can reprogram my space-time energy converter to stop Doom's plot."
"You've had bad dreams, old man." Tony's hand brushed the cold sweat from Steve's forehead.
So... inspired by Black Widow, I quickly repaired my armor and rushed over."
“Stand back!”
"You'll scare away even more customers."
"I've been reading at the Avengers database. Hawkeye thinks Tony caused the death of Mockingbird. She was his ex-wife. He wouldn't have come back if Tony hadn't died. But in that situation, Tony just made a tough decision."
"You lied to me."
"Believe me, they are better off without me. So in the future."
"Maybe you should believe, 'The end of science is philosophy.'"
"Midnight should not be a time for work; it should be a time for pleasure." Bain said.
Tony didn't have to look. Steve must be smiling now. Something suddenly dawned on him in his confused mind: he knew his body, he knew every inch of it, he knew every position that aroused him, he could even apply force with precision. He handled it as skillfully as he handled his shield, because he had handled it countless times, because they had sex countless times. So, from the very beginning, I was manipulated by him. I was lured by him into the net he had woven. The clothes full of his taste that he handed to me on that rainy day; The vague flick in the playroom; The belated kiss at the emergency room door; Even yesterday in Central Park, he might have deliberately lost to me...
To be continued......
"This is Krats... Mrs. Rogers, calm down, you must calm down, and tell me what's happened..."
They went back to Columbia. Tony was going back to his dorm.
"Yes, that's him. He's my best friend."
Tony thought for a moment, immediately fired a sonar shock wave at Steve's shield. The sound waves amplified by Vibranium, dissociated the current. The dissociated electric particles bounced off the shield and beat Electro, knocking him back a few steps.
"There was a request from Tony at Avengers Headquarters." That would do. Peter thought.
These so-called American heroes have reached out to "rescue" Britain... And we can't help but ask where our homegrown heroes have gone. Captain Britain, once an example of our hero, has disappeared...
"Well, what can I get here?" Tony muttered to himself, glancing quickly around the small fast-food restaurant. Coffee maker, microwave oven, a bunch of metal cutlery. Finally, his eyes fell on the old computer.
"I didn't say it was a date."
I had a great time today and look forward to our next date. But the lab work is still waiting for me, so I'm going. I'll give you a call.
"There's no hurry to start a fight. I've prepared a long speech. I haven't finished speaking yet." Tony smiled relaxed, not at all nervous about facing the enemy.
"Believe me, there's no bad news today. It's not very pleasant to be constantly delivering bad news." Tony said.
"No hurry. I'll wait until it's finished."
"I have nothing to say in this judgment of yours. I just want to ask, what's your idea?" Steve said.
Tony took Steve, flew over without asking his opinion about this assignment.
"I didn't ask ‘Mr. Krats’, I asked where Bucky was. Mr. Krats's adopted son, James Barnes. A boy half a head taller than me, with brown hair and the same color eyes." Steve said and gestured.
"Thanks, Pete." Tony took the food and put it by his side, with no intention of eating.
"Then they deserve to be beaten up." Said the brown-haired boy.
Flip-flop, Flip-flop, long, drawling footsteps. The footsteps came nearer and nearer. He was coming... He was coming his way...
"You don't have to do this, Doom. As long as you stop doing things that try to conquer the world, the Avengers will definitely give you a second chance, and I'll definitely give you a second chance."
"Just then wait until you want to, but not tonight, is it?"
In a moment, Jarvis returned, holding two bottles of soda in a tray.
"This is called 'principle'. We ‘headstrong idiots’ saved people like you, like countless times. This time as well." Tony wanted to be righteous in front of Captain America. "So, settle down in your prison. We'll do the rest."
Tony's Longest Day 05
It was dark, the canyon was colder, the campfire was smaller, Tony was a little cold, he leaned over to Steve. The difference between ordinary people and superhumans, much less resistant to cold. Steve had folded his arms under his head, and looked up at the stars. But he was obviously careful to notice Tony's little movements, pulled up the blanket they were covering. The long-stored field survival kit in the Quinjet finally came into use.
"He still can't identify you correctly." Steve said.
"No wish?" Steve said.
"Lucky for you, boy, someone's coming to bail you out." Said a policeman.
“Are they friends?”
"Er... I know now. It may happen at any moment, and there will be no time to go back and prepare."
But Electro calmed down immediately. He looked up, saw iron man.
"In such a comparison, you were so happy to have Christmas in New York."
"Tony?"Steve opened his eyes in a blur. He blinked several times, trying to make out who was in front of him. He did not know whether he had seen him in a dream or in reality.
Bain turned away and closed the door. Tony scanned the facilities in the room. Bain was not lying. All the surveillance was off. He plugged armor into the mainframe, set up a firewall, and imported the data he had from the global anomalies. This was the most advanced intelligent system he knew of on the planet, and although he didn't know why it was so far ahead of modern human technology, Tony decided to take the gamble with desperation.
"Just a second, I'll check the database. Zzzzz... None of the ones on the list to use magic are in New York. Please return yourself, Zzzzz..."
The Beast next to him said, "I'm almost finished. I don't need help."
Avengers Mansion.
"You can pilot back if you want, old man."
"I believe you." Peter murmured, his head resting on Tony's shoulder. "Kris doesn't mean love to you, does she?"
“Tony!"Peter hit Tony on the shoulder.
"I..." Kris wanted to protest against the arrangement.
"I got your message, Pete." Tony sat next to Peter.
"Cap, can I have a word with you in private?"Beast said.
"But I'm glad she called me back... I'll never leave New York on Christmas again."
"Hush, hush. I think you just painted my only shirt. And your own."
Gym, Avengers Mansion, many years ago.
It's late November. There's an extraordinary tornado in Colorado, which is not in the hurricane belt. Seriously? Tony immediately put on his armor, and rushed out.
"You did something stupid again."
"Listen, Tony, no one is perfect, no one makes no mistakes. Superheroes are just normal in uniform trying to save the world." Steve said.
"Fix the fire hydrant first. Got it!" Tony sent out a repulsor, welded the hydrant, stopped the water flowing.
Tony found a power source to recharge his chest implant. While Tony was recharging, Steve let Spider-Man out, even though he could have done it by himself.
"Aha, how dare I disobey?"
"You are not him." Doom was no longer addressing Tony. He muttered, head down. His words over and over again.
That-Tony was always a wily guy, and he dealt with arm dealers not only once or twice. His system certainly wasn’t as easy to crack. What would I have done if it had been me? Fearfulness is not from a thief, it is from a thief’s miss. No matter how high the encryption system is, it can be cracked someday. Defenses have been unable to solve the problem. If it is me, I will attack, attack is the best defense. So, he would draw the snake out of its hole.
"The Avengers tracked down the rampaging Hulk, at the North Pole..."
"Really? Vic, it's only half a metre away."
"Tony..."
"Steve... Er..."
Steve was only 0.8 meters away from Tony, but Tony remained motionless.
"I said at 4:30 a.m.is a little late, isn't it? It's near daylight. If something unexpected happens, it will drag on at dawn. And after the burglary, he/she hurried to Bain to frame them. If the frame had been set up to provoke a dispute between Stark and Bain, he/she could have done it at a convenient time later, rather than at the risk of doing it so soon. He/she is a master, an old hand, so that doesn't make sense, does it?"
"And you lied to me about it."
What the hell? I want to say a tearful goodbye to him, like all the couples in Central Park right now, even if we aren’t even a couple...
Professor Elden’s science class, at 9 o’clock this morning. Delete directly.
As his desire was contained in his lips, Tony's body was consumed by pleasure, the greatest joy he hadn’t experienced for a long time. His reason and logic had abandoned him once again, leaving him to sink and swim in desires, in the arms of this man. His broken moans echoed through the room again, in the stillness of the night.
"You think too much, Wanda. If you want to hear my answer, I'll say, 'I would hold on to him as long as he and I are alive. No matter how long it takes, I will let him find back that feeling, affectionately looking at me. '"
"Steve, don't stop. Don't..."Sobbed Tony.
"Thank you, Spiderman. I was just going to ask Crystal to dance to this piece." Quicksilver patted Spiderman on the shoulder. "I hope you're officially joining Avengers this time."
"Thanks, Paige. Steven Rogers. Just call me Steve."
Tony never knew That-Tony had a secret armor base in New York City. He thought that if the Base at the North Pole was destroyed, so would his armors and designs. If he had known there was such a place, two months ago he would not have been fighting hand to hand with a pair of gauntlets
There was a mist in Tony's eyes as they parted.
"Jarvis, I'm not the only one without an umbrella."
"So do I. Rush's fraternity at Columbia won't give us any more trouble. We're all on high alert this time of year because their fraternity's induction ceremony is a theft of Picasso paintings from the museum. These troublemakers! Since we updated the alarm system, no one has managed to break into the museum in almost 20 years. All the alarm devices failed today, and we almost let them succeed.
Yes, that's it. He's like a transformer. It absorbs, it transforms, and then it releases. And every machine has an Achilles' heel. Tony had an idea, but it was a risky one.
"Tony, calm down." Steve cut into the team's safe contact channel.
"In that way, I'm a lucky man." Tony said.
"Since it's your birthday, I can do whatever you want, until you're satisfied, okay? If you want ribbons and roses, I'll get ribbons and roses."
"You may well say so. When I was a kid, my father hardly ever took me to baseball games. Adult, as he said... Busy to saving the world. And I have one more thing to confess. When I was a kid, I didn't have a bat or gloves. All I could do was watch the neighborhood kids play baseball with envy. Until my eighth birthday, I got my first baseball bat. I joined the street team and played baseball for the first time in my life. But I was really bad at it. They didn't want me anymore. I didn't use that bat a few times, but I kept it. And when I'm an adult..."
Hank stroked Jane's hair, straightened it out, and said lovingly, "Jane, I know I've made a lot of mistakes, I hurt you before. But... Can we go back again? Would you give me another chance?"
"Next, I'm going to make a few more calls." Said Krats to himself. "Sorry, Paige, but I've been Cupid once, I won't be again."
"Stay away from me, playboy!" The golden mask girl hurried on, pulling away from Tony.
Tony triggered his backpack, put on armor, and carried Peter off into New York night. He was in such a hurry, he didn't notice that Peter's index finger had been touching the spot where he had kissed for a long time.
Tony still didn't answer, but the corners of his mouth were slightly turned up.
"Ha-ha, do you think I care what those so-called superheroes think?" Doom sneered sarcastically. There was an obsession with his words. "All I care about is you. If you don't get over him, you'll never have me in your heart."
“Trust me, Elise, I will bring Dani to you. Why don't you follow Kris first?" Said Peter, stroking Elise's head.
"Well, I'm motivated."
Tony thought he caught a hint of teasing in Doom's words, but then he threw the ridiculous idea out of his head. If Doom is a big-breasted, leggy woman, like Bain, then there's a good chance that his future self will hook up with her. But this guy is a scary mask man, should not be to any of themselves’ taste. So Tony said in a playful tone.
"Wow, you're scared of me again. There's only one person I know who had it. It was Tony Stark. But he is dead. And I saw him. He is definitely not your age."
"Seth..." Kris blushed, but she glanced at Tony.
Dove Creek, Dolores County, Colorado.
The golden-mask girl sat alone in a corner. Joining the Avengers for months, she still hasn't found a place to belong. Hellcat sat next to her with a plate of cookies.
To be continued...
“I can get up by myself. "Tony leaned on his hands, rolled over, and staggered to his feet. “I'm going back to my room, don't help me, don't follow!"
"I should thank her. I am very happy to have her company." Said Peter, handing the sleeping girl over to her parents.
"Tony? Is there anything you're not telling me?”
"He has some use as a money-bag, but that's all. He thinks he can buy people's hearts with money, it's impossible!"
Steve sat up, the anger in the dream accompanied him to reality. He tried to calm his emotions.
“I believe you. Do it!”
"You weren't in danger then, so you didn't trigger it."
Tasha said, "There's one more thing. Raymond Sikorski, Liaison Officer to the National Security Council, conveyed the dissatisfaction of the UK Government at the involvement of our members in the Yorkshire Dales at Christmas, as well as the warning issued by the U.S. Department of State. He demanded an explanation and a public apology."
"But that's a too high price, Steve, that's a too high risk."
Later, Sharon's death was announced by S.H.I.E.L.D., my relationship with S.H.I.E.L.D. was tense for a while. Once again, I was lost, and wanted to give up my identity as Captain America. And he had too many responsibilities, too many people counting on him. When all the frustration and pressure was rolling in, he always wanted a drink. I didn't want him to drink. He didn't pick it up again. But we both had a second time, then a third time..."
"What?! You were in danger in New York." Seth said anxiously. "I knew I shouldn't let you go to that violent city. It is said that the city is inhabited by the most dangerous thugs in the world, called ‘Avengers’."
"I don't know. I'm too hungry to taste anything." Tony said.
Tony did not fully understand the circumstances until they were ushered out of the door by the zealous chief and the policeman who had escorted them.
Tony looked at the other arrangements for the memo:
Tony is muttering the name now, rubbing his desire. He didn't want the process to end too soon. Because he'd never let him get it too soon. He would slowly let his desire accumulate, slowly let it harden... He would brush the tip of his tongue from its base to its tip, repeating the process over and over again, adding a little more force each time... Until he grabbed the folds of the sheets underneath himself, breathed helplessly again, and kept calling his name.
"Although I repaired my armor, it was difficult to find people in such a large area without a navigation system. And the biometric system cannot be used in the case of severe interference. I think the best thing we can do tomorrow is find the source of the disturbance first. I made a detector. I'm sure this is not a natural phenomenon. If we don't catch the one behind it, there will be more aircraft distress in this area."
Tony began to open his present. As he took off Steve's shirt and kissed him on the chest, he suddenly remembered something.
"You absolutely are. You have no idea how many free chocolates I've had as Krissy's roommate and how many crazy boys I've seen downstairs singing to her with guitars."
"I once forgot the code at that time, triggered the whole mansion to be locked down. He had to fly back from California overnight. The next day, because I insisted, he took the combination lock off. You know, the mansion was not very large. When Avengers have an urgent mission, one or two may break into my room, like Hawkeye."
"It doesn't really make a difference whether I tell you or not, especially now, I don't have an answer myself. Besides, didn't you say I was the one to make the plan?" Tony said.
Melony is a beautiful but not enchanting red-haired brown-eyed girl with a few small freckles on her nose. She wore a denim hood, very talkative, had the fervor of a Western girl and a sweet smile.
"You're too tired."
"How do you know? Oh, right, there's no system you can't hack into. But my real identity is not in any system. How on earth do you know that?"
"I told you it would be all right. I'm not going to let you drown. Well, now, let go of my neck, don't push against the water, just follow the current, relax as much as you can, let your body float. I'm here, don't be afraid..."
"Catch! Don't interfere, old man. Today I am going to practice the fighting skills you taught." Tony was already in combat mode as he said.
"I think I can manage it." Tony jumped into the safety conversation.
"Ah, ah, I know it's wrong, but they're not going to sue me, they're not even going to leak it."
"I will call the Maria Foundation."
"Sound identified, glide deployed." Confirmation came from the system, and the transparent steel wire mesh wings were unfurled under the armpits of the spider's armor. Iron Spider-Man skated through the night sky in New York.
"No need to."
"It's so lively. Is everyone here already?" Jane said.
"Nonsense, every word you say now makes me very hot." Tony hastened to exude sycophantic enthusiasm.
"Where?"
"Pretty much," Steve chuckled. "Clint, you know, is not a man who likes to keep things to himself. Then it will probably come to light."
At that moment, a mob of masked men with baseball bats ran out of the surrounding trees, blocking their way and surrounding them.
"I know, Kris. I can tell he loves you."
"You go out and delay him. I checked the bottom of this guy. Then I'll back you up."
Steve didn't move.
A banner in the drawing room reads “Celebrate your..." The words on the back were blacked out. The party at Avengers Mansion came alive. Spiderman was the best DJ of tonight.
"You mean..."
"Superhero Daily."
"You said he furnished your room with his own hands, didn’t you?"
"Early enough, I just want you to run a little more. Old Man should get more exercise."
To be continued......
"Hulk hates Bruce."
"You laughed too loudly. What's so funny?"
"Not really listened to carefully."
“Tony?" Steve's voice came from the team channel.
"Are you crying again, Old Man? Don't cry, you know my heart belongs to you."
Tony still couldn't sleep. He had forgotten the last time he slept soundly. So, he got up and sat down at Gatlin's little desk. He opened his wristwatch, put on his headphones, and listened to the messages inside. Every sleepless night recently he's been listening to it, once again making sure he's not missing any new messages.
"Do you know where the lab is?"
Steve looked up and vaguely saw Bucky sitting across from him. He reached out a hand and placed it on Steve's chest. Steve clenched his own fist again. He stood up, pushed open the closet door, and walked out...
To be continued......
Tony walked silently to the equipment.
"That's what I was going to say," Spiddy interposed. "The guy who is jealous of his teammates, abandons teammates, dare to speak up about trust? No wonder you can't get along with West Coast Avengers. Fortunately, you are not the leader of Avengers."
"I'm sorry, Kris, I couldn't do anything. If I were That-Tony... I mean, if I were my cousin, I could help fund the reconstruction of the valley." Tony's heart sank as he heard what Kris had said. He held her hand.
"Happy now?”
"They are indeed astonishing! These probably have made a lot of money before The Great Depression, but no one cares about Life Build Invention anymore. TVs, air conditioners, and refrigerators can't sell out. Who needs these high-tech luxury products?"
"It doesn't matter if it's iron or not iron. There's nothing alive in front of my high voltage." With these words, Electro sent out a high voltage to them again.
Driving sports cars, chasing girls, the only occasional troubles are homework and girls' minds, and there is no need to be on call to save the earth. This is a university life that Tony has not experienced for a long time, so he feels very relaxed tonight. Kris talked about modern art and contemporary philosophy; Tony talked about space and Silicon Valley technology. Completely different fields, but they easily merged into common ground. They also discovered shared interests in electronic music and car racing, which led Tony to learn that Kris had been the lead singer in an underground band in London and had taken part in local underground car racing. This is information that Tony does not have.
As a scientist, of course, he knew that shouting wasn't going to solve anything. It was just some human instinct that gave him an unconscious fear of the dark, and it seemed that shouting would dispel the fear.
"Thank you. Fortunately, you have the habit of holding a bunch of old things, or I really don’t know what to do now."
He is such a coward! He ran away again. When we meet again, he will pretend that nothing has happened, that he is a thoughtful, comfortable, considerate, steady, kind captain and mentor. I will feel that it was all an illusion, again!
In the future, I will be with Tony, in a permanent partnership. We live in a horrible high-tech tower with lots of basement floors. Under my temptation, we probably have one or two children, using both of our genes, and nine out of ten will be born with the help of Pym Biotechnology. Tony won't listen to my advice about naming them. He'll probably just call them Mark 1 and Mark 2 without too much fuss. He will hate to take care of kids, leave all the chores to A.I. We will have robot butlers, robot nannies, robot cleaners, robot chefs...
“I'll give you another hint. Perhaps Richards will be of some use.”
Tony laughed, quavering. He had a mental picture of their two roles swapping.
"A little scratch, bandaged, it’s fine."
"Oh, I'm a bit pressed for time today."
"What did you get? "Steve's voice came from the team channel.
"Ms. Bain, the armor base of Stark Enterprises broke into thieves yesterday, confidential documents were lost, the head of security was killed. Now the missing documents are in your drawer."
"If it's possible... "Said Tony in a muffled voice, burying his head on his shoulder.
"I'm not. I have questioned of Tony's irrational behavior, but I haven’t probed into it. I have chosen to trust his authority, his experience. After all, he founded Force Works, right? All of this might have been avoided if I had been more insistent."
"Wow! I didn't realize we had reached the East River?!" The brown-haired boy looked around in bewilderment.
"Well, I was just passing by. I heard someone crying. Children calling for help. Well, I guess I heard something wrong, I heard the wrong thing. Sorry, sorry, I'm your good neighbor Spiderman. I'm always at your service."
"Looks like the handlers of this crystal are the Time Keepers, uh?"
The Vault, Colorado
"It's not a silly thing, it's a great thing. A lot of people will be moved by it. I am moved by it. But you're really not very good at covering it up." Wanda smiled. "Before tonight, almost everyone resident in this mansion knew it. You love him and he loves you. When you both are in the same space, you hardly ever take your eyes off each other. Even if your gaze leaves for a moment, it is just that you two avoid each other's gaze before confirming each other's feelings."
There's no need for an agreement. I'll listen to everything he says at this point. At this time, I even have the urge to give everything in exchange for staying with him for a more moment.
"Iron Man."
"Don't argue with him. He wasn’t defending you. He was for himself. Launch a founder voting for you? That's bullshit. The third act was his goal. He just wanted to use it as an excuse to get his leadership back in Avengers."
"I know what you're thinking. You're a bad boy, pushing your luck. Just for today, only today, you know?"
"The previous mission on the California coast was actually what I suggested to Tasha to let you back up. I know you were in the area and I was a bit busy, because at that time I was..." Tony whispered something in Peter's ear.
"In other words..." Tony narrowed his eyes and swallowed.
This morning Tony picked up Steve and the detector, stepped on his jet boots, easily found the secret base.
"But... Steve... He's gone. He's missing. He's out there by himself. I must find him." Cried Mrs. Rogers.
Steve felt the tears and calluses in his mother's hands. He felt a surge of guilt and powerlessness.
Before Tony could finish his sentence, Spymaster was hurling a flying knife at Tony. Tony didn't get out of the way, but the knife stuck close to Tony's face, headed for the backpack behind him. The moment the knife touched the backpack, it sprayed a flame, pushed the backpack directly into the corner.
"But you are going to come back with me. The Quinjet you had piloted, I let Clint drive back. He had an unhappy day with Spider-man, just to give them some time to be alone on the way back. I'm also thinking of getting Spider-Man to participate in more missions, train to become a register member. Of course, vote at the founder's meeting. But he's got two votes now, hasn't he?" Said Black Widow, laughing.
A smile reappeared on his face.
"Tony, don't be a spoilsport. Look, the sororities are here today. Lots of beautiful girls are waiting to meet you." Benjamin whispered in Tony's ear.
"Nothing? So how do we get out of here?"
The policeman shook his head again, evidently not believing him.
Thinking of these, Tony was a little frustrated and depressed. His expression was a bit trance.
"I... Let's go back."
"The second thing is... I'm going to take a founder's vote on Spiderman officially joining the Avengers. Don't talk to me about my age. Iron Man is one of the founders. Tony Stark is one of the founders. I'm Iron Man now. I'm Tony Stark. I know the terms of the Avengers charter."
"Yes."
"I think this place is a little crowded, it's too hot, anyone wants a cold drink, I remember there was a little fridge in the Jet." Spiddy tried to cool the place down, but apparently to no avail.
"Yes, I found it."
Tony 19
"First of all, it is an uninhabited island, so there should be no problem. Second, if it happens, it will be a real action. Besides, you're not the only one in this training. She's going to be in it, too."
All the fire emergency passages had been soldered to death. The crowd trapped by the fire had to escape through the front door. The kids, who had been half drunk and half awakened awake. Someone had fallen, and the one behind had stepped on the one in front. The fire didn't look like an accident. Someone started it on purpose. But now Tony had no time to catch the arsonist. Saving lives comes first. He swooped down, broke the welded-down emergency fire exits. The crowd of trapped people streaming out of the new passages.
"Tony, you came here." Steve's voice came over the built-in communication system.
Iron Man was not seen again at the Avengers Mansion for several days. But the Avengers Mansion received a surprise visitor. The Avengers, having finished their superhero daily, came into the mansion and opened the door. They found a man sitting in the middle of the living room with an anxious look on his face.
Tony didn't want to admit that Doom was right. He decided to stop pushing Doom with words. After all, he was the one who wanted something today. Tony followed the guiding robot through the castle's winding corridors. The robot pushed open the door and stood beside it. Tony went through the door and it closed behind him.
"Who are you talking about? I don't understand."
"Originally Tasha had sent Giant Man and Wasp. But Jane was having some problems with her transformation; Hank didn't want her on a mission until he made sure she was all right." Steve was piloting the Quinjet, he said.
"Any ideas? "Steve asked.
"Thanks, Iron Man. You saved my life again. And you saved my family and the whole valley this time." Kris said to Iron Man, smiling as she walked up to him.
"You see, he taught me at night, very late. That's the only time you get to see your mother, right?"
There was a huge line of children in front of the truck. Tony stood out a little awkwardly at the end of the line. Soon he was getting impatient.
"I think you'd better come with us, guys."
By this time, they had reached the door of the science lecture hall.
"I wonder if Tasha did it on purpose. She'll send Wanda with Vision, Wasp with Dr. Pym..."
"You Avengers happened to pass by too, did you?"
Tony invited Peter to go with him. Aunt May is That-Peter’s family. This Peter had no family. He is alone. Tony didn't want to leave him alone during the holiday. Peter was delighted to accept the invitation. Then they set off on the long road to Kris's home. Yes, it was a "long road". Tony couldn't wear armor or fly Quinjet, because these two modes of travel would reveal his secret identity. So, he was stuck with the public transportation system like everyone else. Of course, Tony used  some high-techs and managed to get them first class tickets during the holiday season when tickets were tight. But it only made their flight a little more comfortable. It was still a long journey, disembarking from Sheffield to the Tube, then to the train, then to the bus... After missing the only bus to the village of Gawthrop, they resorted to the horse-drawn carriage. The long journey made Tony almost nervous breakdown. This is a waste of life! At the end of the 20th century, why the means of transportation for ordinary people are still so backward? Tony vowed to himself that he would buy a private jet as soon as he got his next investment.
Dove Creek, Dolores County, Colorado.
Scarlet Witch pressed her fingertips against her temples, focused her Chaos Magic, took control of Serpent Society. Spider-Man next to her threw out silk to bind them. They cooperated well. Soon all the Serpenters were caught.
"Oh, Tony, why don't you make it simpler, instead of just messing around in it."
Armor depletes energy quickly, while Electro's energy is endless. He can absorb the electrostatic particles around him and convert any energy into electricity for his own use. He is like a transformer.
"We're staying in touch. Theoretically, the storm won't cut off the Avengers communication system, but the signal might be a little bit affected."
Hawkeye’s flashing arrows blinded the eyes of Flying Tiger. He hit the suddenly solidified vision, fainted. Hawkeye jumped down from a tree, tied him up with ropes. Vision beside him said nothing.
"Captain, I am very short of money. I still have a wife and children to raise, unlike you heroes who drink and fight every day and get money."
"Well, you caught me." Tony tried to smile.
"What else?" Steve was still not buying it.
"Don't you always wonder why every time you have an accident Iron Man shows up at the right time? I didn't show up at school for a while because I was staying at Avengers Mansion. Even though it was my cousin's house, it was half my childhood home. The butler, Jarvis, is like a father to me. And what I was telling you about family emergencies were actually some of the Avengers’ tasks."
"Tony..." Tony's joke didn't make Steve laugh. "We couldn't hide forever. Try to hit his head. I just hit him hard."
Tasha played reports from UK newspapers on the conference room's big screen:
His answer was to bury his head on the brown-haired boy's shoulder.
"Don't worry, I will receive the thank you gift."
"This is the rendezvous point. Kris and others are waiting for you."
Tony cried for a long time. At last, he felt something was wrong. It did not seem to be Jarvis that he was holding. The contours of the chest and the warmth of the hands that beat on his back were familiar to him. A thought flashed through his mind, but he did not want to look up at the fact. He stopped crying and froze. Steve sensed Tony's stiffness too, so he broke the silence.
"Are you sure? "Asked Steve, a little worried.
"Stand aside, Tin-Man." Hulk slapped Iron Man to the ground, and continued forward.
"Me".
"Oh... I..."
Come on, come on. Tony said quietly. Just as the guard turned a corner,
“What do you mean?" Tony said.
"I... There's not enough evidence." Said Tony gloomily.
"More or less, I probably didn't want other ones to know that I was a village girl, so I wore smart clothes, tried to correct my accent, tried to fit in. You know, this is the first time I've told someone since I've been in New York."
"I remember something." Tony rushed to the mainframe room of Avengers Mansion.
"So... Is actually... You went AWOL? Are you absent because of me? And I stopped you halfway and made you stay away longer?"
"Within a thousandth of a second, it's like you've never been away."
"Well, if you refuse the proposal, it’s not my fault. "Tony took off his backpack, threw it at Steve.
"But like I said, Tony and I go way back, and I admire the Avengers." She put her hands lightly around the man's neck, leaned back, stared at the eyes that peeped out from under the mask. Her perfume, with a fleshy smell, made Tony faint and restless. But he continued to act calm.
Having settled the matter, a great weight was lifted off Tony's mind, although his life was still busy. Steve didn't urge Tony to take any training sessions after coming back from the island, so Tony didn't see him very often. Although they are both on the Avengers roster, they rarely go on missions together. Captain America is clearly a busy career, with S.H.I.E.L.D. 's work, dealing with enemies who come to visit.
Ten minutes later, Kris showed off. She was wearing boots and a red plaid sundress with a brown jacket today. The light makeup, but highlights her elaborate dress.
"Thank you, Spiderman, for keeping an eye on Luna all night. Is she naughty?" Crystal said.
"I already knew that." Tony had an impulse to roll his eyes.
"I have a little implant in my chest, this little poison, hydride, just filters out." Tony replied with a smile. "Are you sure you just want to know the answer to this little thing? I've prepared a long speech to expose your plot, Spymaster, or should I call you Coop."
"Er... You seem to have a point." Hearing Tony say, Spider-Man's frustration dissipated.
"And then?" Asked Tony. The conversation continued.
"......"
Tony Stark had become Iron Man, and the sense of helplessness had gone. Tony was feeling like things were in control. Iron Man can handle this mess. It's just a little fire, isn't it? It's just a little fire...
"All you guessed is right, but you're still not going to trap me. I can't kill you, but that doesn't mean I can't touch you, as long as you're alive. Or are you confident in your fighting?" The Spymaster positioned for battle, stared at Tony, prepared to fight.
"He was not truly an evil or a monster. He was just..."
"That little Columbia girl didn't give you enough. Aha." Gasped Bain. She reached out her long scarlet nail and scraped the scarlet marks across Tony's chest.
But she lost all her memories. In her eyes, Tony was just a stranger. Tony didn't know whether to be happy or disappointed. After all, she is his first love. With the loss of her memory, Tony lost an important link to his past, and his past self was drifting away.
A gorgeous woman with long brown hair, high heels, a hip-hugging skirt, and a low-breast cover came through the door. The guards looked at each other, laid down their weapons.
“What is it?”
"Good afternoon, Master Krats. May I get you a cup of coffee?" Jarvis stepped forward.
"I want a little pleasure."
"What's going on in New York?" Kris asked.
"Whiplash, you actually still have a chance to change. Think about your children. What would they think of your crime today?"
"As you say."
"How did you know my name is Kris?"
Frostbite hasn't figured out what's happened, has been hit hard on the neck. He leaned a little, got a little dizzy.
"You should try a little harder."
Chapter 03
When Krats arrived at the Rogers house, the house was dark. Very well, Mrs. Rogers must have turned off the lights at his instruction. He tapped the door three times with his stick, just as they had agreed. Mrs. Rogers opened the door. She was in her nightgown, pale and trembling. Krats went in and the door closed behind him. He rolled up his sleeve and triggered his watch. A flash of light pierced the darkness.
"Tony, we really can't afford to lose you again." Said the Wasp with tears.
"All we can hope for now is that he turns on the locator in the watch and finds us. You keep watch at the door, and I'll contact him secretly."
"There was a change of plan, and I found that my research could be done here on Earth." Tony lowered his eyes to avoid his.
At the party, Steve held Tony for their second dance.
"Hello, Jarvis."
"Not really. No."
Tony ran to the window. Manhattan has been frozen, human sculptures can be seen everywhere on the road.
"Thanks, Tasha. Thank you for everything you've done for me, for us." Steve said.
Tony glared at Hawkeye, and continued. "And... The third thing..."
"Relax guys, it's going to take a while for the backup power to start up. "One figure said to the others.
‘No, he has to go to school! 'A voice sounded inside Tony's head.
Steve sat on the garden steps in front of the school, unattracted by laughing children who passed him in twos and threes. He looked up from time to time. Bucky still hasn't come. Bucky had promised to go to school with him every morning, but he was almost always late. Steve didn't want to be late for school every day, so he gave up the promise. The only thing left was for him to walk home with him after school. Of course, Bucky was still often late, but he would show up eventually, so Steve kept waiting. He is really late today. The disappointment on Steve's face grew heavier. While he waited, Steve took his drawing board out of his bag as usual. He continued to paint the barrel-monster, which he had not finished the day before, and he planned to give it to Bucky when he was finished.
"It's really, really handsome! Wow! Oh!" Peter's delighted voice came from the communication device. "How am I going to get back afterwards?”
"I know. Iron Man's identity is a secret. He's just Tony Stark's bodyguard. So, does it seem a little weird, Tony Stark is dead, his bodyguard is still flying around? How are you going to explain it to the public and the press when I fix my armor, end the ban, and go to task?"
"Tony is only 19. They can start over. But I am no longer the innocent girl who only had you in the eyes when I married you. Those scars, I cannot forget, don’t want to forget. Cherish the moment Hank, Cherish the present."
At this point, Steve, who had been corona earlier, woke up. He opened his eyes to see Iron Man and smiled.
At that moment, a news break appeared on the TV hanging in the bar, and customers at the bar asked the waiter to turn up the volume. Apparently, everyone in the restaurant was paying attention to the news.
"Hulk, smash!" Hulk turned his head and headed straight for Onslaught.
"I will make a public apology and take responsibility for this misdirection." Tasha said. "If the top brass is still not satisfied, I will resign as chairwoman."
Tony 19
"Bucky met them, and Mr. Krats made models of them. So they must exist, they are legends, sagas."
"Using your time on earth, there's one day left before the Earth is destroyed."
"I have no plans, Tony."
"Wait for me to finish. As I said, I only believe the evidence, you did prove that Zodiac was suppressing the magnetic field disorder in this area. Whatever mistakes you've made before, what you're doing now is a good thing, the right thing, so you've proved that you deserve a second chance. So, go!"
"A crystal that gathers all space-time energy can link all parallel universes and control all timelines."
"I don't know. I'm Iron Man after all. I am going to go back to Mansion and repair my armor. His armor base was destroyed in that fight, the only one left still needs to be repaired. I'm almost finished. And... Atishoo... "Tony sneezed, and suddenly felt that it was a silly idea to come out on a rainy day to go to his own grave.
"Thank you, Dr. Doom." Tony pulled the box into the space of his armor, but he did not move.
"I'm not going to lose, go ahead!"
While eating, drinking and feeding, Spider instantly felt happy. It’s more important to hold the thigh in front of him, throw away fragile friendship with Tony without much guilt. Eat, shut up, don't defend Tony, better get out of the way.
They were leaning foot to foot against the sides of the closet. It was still dark in the closet, but he felt Bucky's feet against his own, and for the first time Steve felt that the closet wasn't so scary.
It was already light when Tony came back from the bathroom. He looked at Peter huddled up in bed, fast asleep. He pulled another blanket over him. Then he took out the draft for Spider Armor, sat down at the desk, working on it by the faint morning light.
"It's a bit complicated to get into your building through that tunnel, and I'm in a hurry."
"Iron Man didn't catch him. He ran away. But rest assured, you are no longer a threat to him. Iron Man has revealed his plot. He fled to the one behind to report."
"Why were the designs stolen at 4:30 a.m., not earlier?" Tony focused his thoughts and asked the question.
"Good morning, Steve." Tony said sleepily as he rolled over in his customary way.
Steve led Whiplash to the other side. Tony took the opportunity to run back to the restaurant.
A week later, a steel plant in Pittsburgh.
"What the hell the weather is." Seth led the way with a lantern, Kris walking beside him, Tony and Peter behind them. They plodded along the muddy farm road.
On the screen, a humanoid creature with a shield is approaching the Iron Man from a 42.5-degree Angle at a speed of 0.5 meters per second. He wasn't moving fast enough and obviously tentatively. Tony decided to take a gamble.
"Good afternoon, Master Steve."
"You know... Would you like baseball games? We can go to watch a game together someday."
To be continued......
"Yeah, I told him when you were working on the Jet. But now I know why he wants to keep it down, talk to you in private. The so-called private treatment, is it to point to bed treatment? Can you handle this fairly, Cap?" Hawkeye said.
"Don't get drunk, Tony, absolutely don’t do it." Steve suddenly became serious.
"How did you find it? I obviously blocked all the signals."
A door opened, a Doom robot came out, this time without attacking the Iron Man.
"Maybe it will make you feel better." Peter said. “Don't be so hard on yourself, Tony.”
He was shivering in the closet. He was pulling his knees toward his chest, he was burying his head between them, he was crouching his feet toward his hips...
"Maybe, I had to come clean last time to get us out of the station."
"That's what I want to ask. How did you end up here?"
"Then you will say, 'I was the one who made my first armor in a cave’, see, I have heard this story... "Steve can't go on.
"Well, well, I don't want you to be busy all the time."
"So, what do you want?" Tony asked. Since she said so, she certainly didn't want to make a big deal out of it. It's better to listen to her true intentions.
"A bit of a hassle." Tony was silent for a moment. "He now feels that maybe if he wasn't part of the Avengers team, he wouldn't be so constrained by the rules."
"I'll fly out and have a look. Fortunately, although the electronic guidance system is offline, the armor power system is still available, I have to polit manually."
Tony ignored Doctor Octopus's cries, and turned away. Steve had been in the audience just now, did not intervene in the conversation between Tony and Dr. Octopus. Right now, he turned to leave after Tony.
Steve thought Tony would never ask him that question, but now he suddenly didn't know how to answer it.
"Then I know where we should go. Come with me."
"Avenger Task." Said Peter, scratching his head.
This was Doom's bedroom, and even now it was dark. Heavy curtains blocked out the light. Doom was sitting in a wide chair in front of the burning fireplace, his right silver gauntlet propped on his head, his feet crossed diagonally in front of the fireplace. He should have known that Tony was coming, but he seemed to have no intention of turning around. He just kept staring at the fire. Doom spoke, his voice still stiff through the changing sound of armor, like metal against something solid. But in response to the crackling of the fire, it was not so cold.
"Although I've been buried in snow for the last few days since I got back. Snow is always a lot of fun, isn't it? And teamed with the Beast was more fun. Every time I threw snowballs at him, he would be angry, shaking his fur, crying out that he is not a snowman... And he calculated the wrong decimal point. Fortunately, Tasha called me back in time, or we'd be next door to the camels. Ha-ha..."
"How dare you pollute the Mall?" The man next to him interjected.
An uninhabited island in the Atlantic Ocean. Now.
"So we're going to ride across the Atlantic by your armor? Peter's eyes widened in horror.
"Not in a hurry, indeed. There is still a day to go. I'm really under no pressure, uh? Damn! Fuck! What the hell were you doing?!"
"The older version of that guy just cheated us recently, so it's good to be on guard." Hawkeye turned on the Avenger's ID card locator on the Quinjet.
"A hero? I've never heard of him." The blonde girl frowned and looked sideways at the painting. "He doesn't look very strong at all. He looks like... Uh... A pile of buckets."
"I am considering standing on his side."
"I know the way."
Steve laughed with him.
"Well... But it's a long story."
"Come on."
“Well, well, shall we go?" In order to stop him from getting more captain-education, Tony quickly picked up Steve.
"Or maybe you should just give your genius brain a rest, and it may suddenly answer for itself." Steve rubbed Tony's hair.
Tony didn't say anything. His answer was to turn around, walked over to Steve and took off Iron Man's helmet. The cold wind ruffled his dark hair, which had grown beyond his ears, and gave his cheeks a tinge of red. The childlike look on the 19-year-old's face was gone. There were no tears in his eyes now, only determination.
There was lust in Kris's eyes as they parted.
"I've guided Franklin to set up a Pocket Universe where all heroes who jump into the vortex of time should be safe. They just have to wait until Iron Man's machine filters out enough space-time energy to neutralize the time turbulence."
"It's a long story." Said Tony, rolling over to the bed. "You know, Spider-Man is a very talkative, illogical, emotional, paranoid and superpowers unstable teammate. Next time the founder votes, I'll be rooting for him to stay on the Avengers backup roster."
"Doom, when did you get here?"
"Cyclops! Assemble the power of X-Men. Create a mind-power container similar to Onslaught’s previous shield. Don't let the turbulence energy leak out." Cried Tony.
"So, I hope you will forgive me when I suddenly leave or lose touch with you because of these duties." Tony said.
"We have Captain Britain. We don't need you American thugs."
"I’m fine. I can take this time to do some design." Tony said.
Tony saw a smiling face reflected from Steve's blue eyes. So, Tony straightened his face.
"Yes, that's what you think."
"For those years, why don't you understand?" Tasha interrupted the Hawkeye. "The Avenger hasn’t been weighed on the scales since the day of its foundation. If it weren't for favoritism, would you be here? Would I be here? Would Wanda and Quicksilver be here?
From a shadowy corner, Doom stepped out in silver armor and a dark green cloak. Without saying a word, he fired a laser directly at the Iron Man. Alarmed, Tony deftly ducked out of the way and hid behind a nearby knight's armor, raising his gauntlet to fire a repulsor. Doom came straight up and smashed the armor with ease, sending shards of steel flying across the Iron Man. The Iron Man was quick to react and hid behind a statue again. Doom continued to attack Iron Man's new shelter, and more laser attacks came. The Iron Man ran to the next. And soon, the hall was filled with shards of steel and rubble. Iron scraps and stone powder were floating in the air, effectively reducing the visibility of the hall and obstructing the route, which obviously disturbed Doom. The Iron Man had come up behind him, and hit him in the back with a repulsor. Doom fell forward. Wires fluttered from the destroyed armor. Tony walked over to the fallen Doom, looked down, unsurprisingly, a Doom robot.
"You let his whip sweep under the car where I am hiding. But don't let it get through to blow me up."
"Yes, Sir. What about the car?"
“I'm going to tell you something. It rained every day in England, and I couldn't sleep, so I sat by the window..."Tony whispered in Steve's ear, not missing every detail of that night, blowing his own breath and longing into his ear.
"I'm so sorry, Mr. Krats, I'm late. The Great Depression is over, and the streets have become congested. It's a little inconvenience that comes with something good." Carbonell came in, smiling. At the sound of his voice, Krats stood up. He took the hand that Carbonell held out to him.
"We did it."
"Thanks, Tasha." Wanda began.
"Blah-Blah, your philosophy of the balance of universes. Then what's the point of getting me out of there? If I could only be trapped in this outside dimensional space."
"Cap never lies." Black Widow said.
"Is there any good news?" Hawkeye said.
"The detection device I have is relatively simple. Preliminary diagnosis, the black circle is some kind of force field, which forms a barrier to block New York City, sends out certain frequency interference to disable electronic communication in this area. But look, where do these Zodiac agents come from?" Tony pointed to the carrier airship which was hovering overhead. "This airship is working, proving that their power sources were undisturbedIt. They can freely go in and out of the lockdown area, constantly sending their agents in."
To be continued......
On the second floor, pictures of fraternity members hang on the walls. Benjamin gushed, "This is Haney Here, Class of '77. He is the last person to break into the museum before you."
"Ha-ha, no wonder we're always screwing up. We're a rookie superhero duo." Tony laughed. "In light of that, the old Spider-man has given up, you are Spider-Man, the only Spider-Man, just like I'm Iron Man, the only Iron Man. Good work or bad, we are unique. Plus, we are cleaning up the mess they left behind."
But obviously she was probably self-defeating after I 'dumped' her, and then she married this guy. Once again, it proved to be unwise to marry a spare. They got divorced. And this guy is a total psychopath. The genetic mutation could make him even crazier. Madmen usually have to take someone with them, so... The "white wedding", he mentioned...
The Electro behind Tony staggered to his feet. Steve, without looking, flew out of his shield, knocked him unconscious again. Then they continue to kiss each other.
"I promise."
"Ouch! Shit! "Tony complained.
"Spiddy, Spiddy, would you play with me?"
"I mean you and him, in other words, you and the future me?" Tony didn't stop working on his hands.
Wait, I found her address... Anyway, I had to take the risk of being recognized, if I guessed right...Oh, silly me, I can put on my armor now, so that means no need to be worried. Let's go!"
Deuce! No more spider silk. I guess I'll have to call a taxi too, but... But I have no money. I can only walk back. It’s dawn when I go back this time. I knew I would ask him for transportation fees first... Spiddy thought, walking sadly in the opposite direction.
"You're becoming more and more honest like this time, Tony." Steve gave Tony a rewarding kiss, and his hand slid down an extra inch. This action roused Tony to a more violent shudder, and the chest implant flashed continually, exposing his owner's longing. It made his other half of the IQ was not on duty, let him lose the ability to think and the logic of language expression. He allowed himself to rise and fall, fall in his bosom; fall in the desire.
"It's expensive, but I think we'd better jump now." Spider-Man pulled the parachute out from under his seat.
"It's obviously a lie."
Steve showed frustration, and said in seriousness:
"According to my measurement of the distance between the vendor and the painter... His left shoulder against the ladder, and his right hand carrying the pail... The speed of the policeman was about... The first car distance was about... So the right time for me to knock over the cart was... Of course, since there was no sophisticated instrument to diagnose, so this was a rough calculation, the chance of his falling was only about 80 percent. I could only gamble. But we were lucky."
"Give me a coffee-milk one, give him a walnut." Tony pointed to Steve, said to the ice cream vendor.
"Admit it, Tony, you're jealous."
"Thanks for what? Wanda."
"Melony..." Kris blushed. Tony, sitting next to her, gave her a kiss on the cheek.
"It's a possibility." Tony replied vaguely.
"My grandmother used to tell me that a lady needs a third date before a boy can kiss her on the lips. But I'm just a village girl, not a blue-blood." Kris whispered in Tony's ear. "So... Stay with me, trust me, my roommate is not here today."
This old stubborn man would never use a false name when recording confession. The more Tony thought about it, the more anxious he became. He didn't know what to do with it.
On a sunny day like this, my grandson or granddaughter may bring me here in a wheelchair, let me move old bones, let me count the names on this black monument of those who fought alongside me, listen to my stories of the '40s again...
"Thank you." Tony took the bowl, stirred the spoon and blew gently on the heat.
"You're going in the wrong direction again. Science Class is over here."
"You won't even talk to me, but I must find out what your plan is."
Look, he even knows that.
The knight turned, slowly took off his helmet. Steve was about to see his face under the helmet, but then Steve's dream woke up.
"Thank you. You know, I just..." He took the outstretched hand and stood up. "They insulted my mother."
'Yes, that's it! Tony straightened up at once.
Tony, who had already given up hope and was ready to meet his destiny, was filled with new hope by Doom's words.
To be continued...
To be continued...
"It's nothing. Tony didn't use his own ID card, he used Cap's." Black Widow muttered to the card.
"Don't tell me you've guessed my plan in advance."
"Do you have any plans for New Year's Day? Cap."
"How come? I didn't know about it. I never took it. Wait a minute, if you say so, Captain America is on the island. That's great! I don't have to try, I don't have to worry, I just need to wait to be rescued."
"Guys, can I have a word?" Spiderman raised his hand again. "It's me. 'The Avengers sent us to backup' was an excuse I made up to hide my identity. I made up the story that Doctor Strange sent us there, which obviously wasn't a good story, and Tony didn't..."
"So, you just happened to pass by just as the chaos was happening?"
"So?"
Crystal tried to pick up her little girl, but the little girl still had her arm around Spiderman's neck.
If Steve knew I was afraid of darkness, he'd laugh at me. Tony thought. Thanks to Doom's out-of-order data, I haven't forgotten him. I even remember every nuance of his face when he laughed at me. The narrowed blue eyes, the little wrinkles around the corners of his eyes, the corners of his mouth, and the slightly raised tone that became a little bit more mellow. If I argued, he would kiss me. I would lose my logic and forget what I wanted to say. Tony's heart warmed as he thought of these. He wanted to find the Old Man quickly.
"Has it been so long? I didn't notice at all." Tony rubbed his thumb and forefinger between his eyebrows.
"You liar, you told me on foot." Tony got the point this time.
"Now, I've fixed my armor, we can do something else."
To be continued......
"You're welcome, Iron Man. He's yours."
"Guys, do you want good news or bad news?" Tony said.
"No." Said Peter sleepily.
"Uh... That year he was set up by Stane. He took away his company. Avengers also have suffered setbacks. He had a problem with alcohol for a long time; He was drinking more and more after that. He was drunk in armor, almost causing a catastrophe. When I tracked him down, I tried to dissuade him. He talked about my father's alcoholism. I raged, hit him."
"He saved me, too. It's complicated." Kris's eyes drifted to Tony for help.
"Tony, stop it. Your wound is bleeding."
"Well, I know all about it. But I had a hard time finding it. You made it tough for an old man. You're a lot more stubborn than I am, since I'm the Old Man. But through today I learned a lesson that kissing you is much simpler than convincing you. Do you agree to listen to me now?”
Chapter 16
"Hank! Hank!" Steve became incoherent.
"You stubborn old idiot." Tony gave the old idiot a kiss and went back to unwrapping his present. As he unbuckled Steve's belt, he remembered something again.
"You were a little busy at Daily Bugle."
"The source was a wave of energy that preceded the occurrence of the black circle. It can also be said that the black circle was the spatial interleaving caused by the fluctuations it brought. Then I tracked similar energy fluctuations on a global scale, trying to map the points where they appeared, map their coverage, identify the various anomalies, the overlapping areas and time gaps."
"But then again, there is a system that I can't hack into remotely. If the system is a highly encrypted internal local area network, I have to operate locally, or I won't call you for support."
"Because you deny it, am I supposed to believe you? You're not on any list of paladins." Tony challenged.
"You think too much. But since you offered to pay, I can write it down."
Tony met Peter.
"Piss off, metal scrap!"
"I'm fine. I've found their device, trying to get rid of the magnetic confusion in this area. I blew up the hole so the Zodiac agents wouldn't interfere." Tony answered.
Five minutes later, the six or seven little boys who had surrounded him had been knocked to the ground. The brown-hair boy came up to him and held out a hand.
"I think I made only one mistake today," Tony said stiffly. "My armor wasn't smart enough. If my armor can’t only detect the attack position of these simulated combat devices, but also automatically counterattack; If it can calculate your possible attack mode through the analysis of your past battle data; If I use my mind to control my armor directly, instead of controlling it by voice, it will be thousands of times faster than now. I don’t need to do it myself and you have been defeated by my armor. So, I don’t need your cookie-cutter simulation training course, or rely on the so-called ‘subconscious body actions’. I just need to create a smarter armor system.
"Then you have to let me go and get my motorbike."
"That's true. Not every redhead can be like MJ. She's special to you. I see." Tony went over, put his arm around Peter's shoulder.
"But it buys you some time in an emergency, contact and wait for backup, or think of a solution."
"Of course, world-peace."
“Thank you, Jarvis, I'm leaving.”
"Kind of."
Tony was seized by desire. He parted his legs unconsciously, put them around Steve's waist, rubbed him gently. He wanted more...
"Thank you." Said Tony with his mouth full. When he finished the burger, Peter handed him a second one. This time he didn't even thank him. He just ate the second one. After eating two hamburgers, Tony finally found his stomach.
"Why do you think I'd rather visit Dr. Octopus' house than yours? It's too noisy."
"I know you lost your parents this year, and I thought it might be a good idea for you to spend Christmas in my home... I invited you, and now it doesn't seem like a good idea. You're not comfortable here." Kris said gloomily.
"You mean to say that for the rest of our lives."
"Thanks, Kris." Tony kissed Kris gently on her lips. Kris blushed.
Tony grabbed Victor's outstretched hand and jumped to the half-pace. The moment he hit the platform, he felt the feeling go out of his feet. He staggered and fell forward. Victor reached out to catch him and took him in his arms.
"I'm not denying your motive. I know it is good." Steve said. "It's just that you didn't do it in the right way. In that case, it was better to go undercover and not reveal the identity of the Avenger."
"You'll be disappointed if you just want to throw snowballs at Beast on Christmas. Dr. McCoy isn't in New York every Christmas." Steve said with a raised eyebrow and a smile as he rolled over and crushed Tony under him.
The side on which Tony often slept was cold. With a rush of longing, Steve threw on a coat, got out of bed and headed toward the Avengers lab. He went through the iris security scan at the entrance to the lab, entered the password "0529" ten times, and finally opened the door.
"Lots of things." Wanda pursed her lips. The haze lifted from her face. She smiled at Tasha.
"Steve, do you trust me?" Tony shouted.
But just as Tony was halfway through his cake, there was a flash of white light and his eyes blurred. When he opened his eyes, he was in a dark area. Tony knew where this was, and began to curse.
"So how did Iron Man and Spider-Man get to the Yorkshire Dales disaster scene so quickly?"
Kris was fast asleep in her bed, the little bed of the dormitory where the passion had been. Tony actually booked a room at the hotel at first, but he suddenly changed his mind, canceled the room just before he met Kris. After the kiss downstairs, Tony regretted the decision a little, but now it seemed that the small space, the thin walls, the roommate who might open the door and walk in at any moment, and the feeling of cheating made them want more. These made Tony really enjoy the sex. Lately he had almost forgotten the sense of conquest, the sense of control, the sense of security. These feelings gave Tony a lot of confidence, and even made him regain a little conceit. But these feelings won't bring him more sleep.
The base is large with many openings.
"Really, again?!" Moaned the brown-haired boy. "I thought the best thing to do at this point was -- run!"
"But he used to be nice to me, and to my mother, only because he was out of work, and my presence annoyed him." Steve hung his head and said crestfallen.
"Peggy." He murmured the name.
"Well..." Tony's stomach growled unseasonably.
"Another thing, do you mean I'll fuck you from now on, don't you? And not the other way around... ?"
"My old friend, it is an honor to fight beside you."
Tony sat straddling Steve, put his hands around his neck, kissed him hard. The kiss lasted thirty seconds. As they parted, there was a hint of appeal in Tony's smile.
"There's no time to explain now. I can fix this, trust me." Tony gave Steve a little kiss, then activated the armor, became Iron Man, flew out of the window.
Tony flew out the window, found an open field 30 miles to the left. He turned back, flew to the window of the Quinjet. When they lost electronic contact, it was all about body language and chemistry. Tony pointed out the direction to Steve, flew under the Quinjet to steady its turbulence. With their cooperation, the Quinjet narrowly landed in the open space above the cliff. Iron Man dragged up a pile of sand and dust at his foot.
