Bucky snorted, but thankfully said nothing.
“Is this… Do you want to go somewhere else? There’s another restaurant nearby that we can go…”
“I just… I know it’s a lot to ask, but… Can we try again? I’ll be better this time, I promise. I just… I love you. And I miss you so much. Please”, he whispered, looking at Tony with a pained look.
For some reason, Tony thought the first time he and Steve kissed would feel, well, different. He’d imagined fireworks going off in his head or feeling a sudden uncontrollable passion. Instead, he felt calm; his head completely empty. All he could feel and think about was Steve; his hands, his lips, his warmth. Too soon, Steve broke the kiss, pulling back far enough to look at Tony’s face.
"Agent Romanoff, I'm under orders... I mean, I can't just..."
“I didn’t… I’m not a bad person…”, he whispered, looking towards his house.
Shit, Tony must be freaking out. Clint, penthouse NOW.
“Good. Now get out of my office”.
I'm all out of energy bars, but I hear comments are super healthy and they give you that extra energy boost you need, so how about leaving me some?
Soon, the elevator doors opened. Tony looked around, eyes wide and mouth hanging open. The entire floor was covered in flowers. White, red, pink roses. Everywhere he looked. And right in the center of the room was Steve, wearing a suit and looking more nervous than Tony had ever seen him look.
But Tony wasn’t listening. He shook his head, getting up from his chair with his hands firmly planted on the table. “I’m going, that’s final. I can take care of myself, Aunt Peggy”, he quickly mended when the woman opened her mouth protested, “I’ve taking care of myself my whole life”.
Steve was pretty sure he had never run so fast in his entire life.
“Cool. See you later, punk”.
“But you don’t really think it’s a coincidence at all, do you?”
Natasha, however, raised an eyebrow at him. “Are you sure? It’s going to hurt… a lot”.
Stane paid him no attention. “It’s a shame the government didn’t approve this. There are so many applications for causing short-term paralysis”.
“… and I recently graduated MIT Summa Cum Laude. I was about to start my second PhD, but my parents died so I had to quit”.
“I know. But don’t worry”, Steve said in a joking tone, “I’ll protect you”.
“What do you mean he doesn’t remember?”
“Bruce, can you hear me?” Natasha interrupted them, checking the feed.
“For what?”
Steve got a bit closer and looked at it, frowning. “A missile? Mr. Stane, I don’t see how my company would need missiles. We’re not going to war with anyone”.
“Tony Stark is not going to send you to jail for sending him a fake wedding invitation, you morons”.
When he couldn’t finish, Steve pulled him in for another hug, kissing his boyfriend’s forehead.
“A sorcerer, much like Stephen Strange, used his magic to protect this room. She cannot control us, she cannot come through the doors. We’re safe here”.
Steve nodded, still looking unsure as they entered the elevator. The restaurant’s hostess, a pretty strawberry blond that vaguely reminded Tony of Pepper, greeted them as soon as they showed up at the door. She had a big, welcoming smile and took them to a table outside. The place was completely empty, which intrigued Tony.
Their friendship continued through high school and college. When Tony was accepted at MIT, Natasha chose to go to Harvard to stay close to her friend. They shared a cozy, but very expensive apartment, courtesy of their filthy rich parents, and did everything together, which was probably why so many people thought they were dating. After all, how could two very attractive people like them NOT be together? And that was exactly what Bucky and Steve wholeheartedly believed.
undercover shit. And she insisted on putting us here anyway. I’m not good with this hiding shit. I’m more of a break down walls kind of guy”.
“No, he’s right”, Nat said, nodding, “You have to do it”.
And so, giving Tony one last smile, Steve closed his door and gave Happy the word to start driving.
Tony laughed. “Okay. I have to say, I’m a little relieved”.
“Sweetheart, you don’t have to worry, okay? Santa has magic! Even if we didn’t have JARVIS to show him the secret passage, he would just use his magic to get inside!”, he kissed his son’s head, “I promise you he’s coming tonight and he’s going to leave you lots of presents, okay?”
Everything was ready for yet another Game Night. The twelve boxes of pizza were already in place, accompanied by a huge bowl of M&M’s and a family package of Reese cups. Their phones had been turned off to avoid any distractions and each of them was already seated in their designated places, character sheets already in hand, excited for another adventure to begin.
Stane looked at Tony with a serious look and then smiled.
“Yeah. I’m going to get myself another drink. I’ll be right back”, he replied, leaving before Clint could say anything else, but not before throwing another glance at Tony and Thor.
“Since you sent me the invitation”.
Tony suddenly blushed furiously, which was very unlike him. Natasha snorted and Bruce whispered a soft
“I’m already dead, I can laugh as much as I want,” Clint returned.
“Isn’t it?” Tony continued to work. “Just play it.”
“We have a lot to discuss,” Tony says. “But I want to start with something simple. Well, not as simple as all that, but simple enough.”
“How is this going to work with you,” Steve said under his breath. Tony hadn’t suited up yet. “I doubt you’ll feel anything through the armor.”
“You know, the damned soul pack thing. I think we should just all – you know – get selected, touched – which is kind of pervy in a way – but it seems like the right thing to do, right?” Tony said and smiled. Except it didn’t feel like a smile, it felt like it was some kind of judgement. It crawled over Steve’s skin like worms. How did he learn to smile like that?
“Stop calling me that,” Fury replies. “And I need you to accept a new assignment without any hassles.”
“You need to rest. So, I’ll let you go. The meds should be there within the hour. Three times a day for five days.” Before he protests, she holds up her hand to stop him. “Three times a day for five days, Steve.”
“I’ll talk with Wong about it, but it’s because of the fracture, probably. From what Wong taught me, a fracture causes the astral projection to severe from the astral dimension and if I had to guess it causes a kind of black hole in the soul that eats up the soul’s energy.”
“Go to the park?” Steve’s never seen Prime’s park – it’s green space.
“Looks like an atom or something,” Steve muttered.
“I’ve never seen a wound fester in a matter of hours,” Natasha says. “What kind of knife was it and why did it go bad so quickly?”
“Experiments.” Steve closed his eyes and stilled the memories. Wanting to help his fellow Americans, wanting to save the world from a mad man. “Let me guess.” He opened his eyes. “Sokovia was devastated and they were enticed by the opportunity to help change things for the better.”
“You know I swear I’ve seen you before. I just don’t know where,” Rumlow says and tilts his head a little to examine Steve. “What kind of assistant are you?”
After a time, Tony says, “At the start of the Council of Worlds there will be a vote. It looks like we have a strong coalition but not one to win the super majority. We need to move forward and try and bring as many into our fold as possible.”
“The dinner was uncomfortable. I wanted to – you know – talk to him get his ideas and insights on the Avengers. The team not the pack. But he couldn’t look me in the eye at all,” Steve said with a shiver. Stark’s eyes bored into him when he did focus on Steve. It unnerved him. “He was taciturn and reticent.”
“You two need some time?” Bruce asked. He thumbed behind him to the hospital room. “I’m gonna go and check on our leader.” He left them then, Tony should have called out, asked him to stay but he turned to Bucky instead.
The poisoned strands imprisoning Steve grow tighter, flaying away flesh from bone. “No
It looks like he’s in a luxury hotel as they pass the room with numbers on them and key locks. When they stop it is at the end of the hall and off in a corner. There’s a stairwell immediately opposite the room.
“He’s not like that,” Tony said. He crossed his arms, closing her off, shutting down the conversation. “You don’t know him like I do.”
“Are you so sure? They made assumption about your abilities, your limitations. All of which would end up affecting the outcomes,” Steve says and stops.
“You were expecting us?” Steve asks and eyes Tony.
Bucky pointed at the bed, a look of disgusted marring his features. “God damn it, Steve, I knew it. I just fucking knew it.”
“I sleep, just not as much as everyone else,” Steve says and tries to throw her off – which is stupid because Natasha can always read people as if she has an inside line to their brains.
“This is artificial human blood,” Natasha replied as she worked to set up the i.v. line. “Helen Cho – you know the head of the Asian coven that you contacted without telling me – she formulated it. I only have a few experimental batches for emergencies.” She threaded the needle into Steve’s vein on his hand much to his protests. She ignored him completely. “Doesn’t work as a good substitute for human blood for us, but it works – well, kind of works – for situations like these. She’s still perfecting it.” Natasha rigged the bag up to the headboard. She glared at them. Steve with the blankets tucked around him and the tray on his lap of raw meat and Tony in his father’s robe, and she shook her head. “Get some rest. Then we must have a discussion on our next steps. I want all the information you can supply me, Rogers. All of it.”
“Okay.” Tony lays his hands on Steve’s wings and the heat and need from the bond between them blossoms and unfurls. It consumes Steve’s consciousness and he wonders if Tony feels it, too.
Steve hisses and then yells out a name – it could be a name but it sounds more like an emotion.
“You’re a maniac. That’s not a dirt bike, you know,” Tony says but he can’t keep up the pretense and he claps his hands and bends over laughing. “Shit. I could have fucking died. But fuck, that was crazy ass fun.”
That didn’t sound convincing at all. SHIELD seemed pretty balanced, but then again, Steve had only been awake a little over a week. What the hell did he know?  “What if I told you it didn’t matter? I’m going to go to work for SHIELD because I want to.”
“I went back to 1945 so nearly 80 years.”
“That would be good. Actually great,” Steve said. He glanced at the team. “Natasha learned how to partner with Clint. He brought her into SHIELD. Clint might be a good resource to figure out how to bring the team together.”
Tony runs his hands through his hair. “No. No you won’t pull him out. That’s not the intention of any of this. If we don’t isolate and destroy Ultron now, we’ll never get it done.”
Tony loves the arch of Steve into his touches, how he judders as Tony takes a nipple into his mouth and suckles and then nips. Against his leg he feels Steve’s erection dripping with every nip, with every lick. His own cock aches with hardness and he pauses, panting because he might blow it and spill early if he doesn’t stop. Plus, he does need to confess something to Steve.
“I thought we would eat together, but you’ve made it an event.”
“About other realities and how they influence one another. So take that a step further and you have entanglement,” Bruce says and he’s jabbing his finger in the air. Also, Tony’s pretty sure he’s looking a little more green.
He only nodded and swallowed down his disappointment. Steve sighed again and climbed to his feet. "Hey."  He scribbled something on the corner of a page in a sketch pad. "No calls. Text only. Not often."
“To protect the people.”
Instead, he nods and clamps his hand around Steve’s. “I get it, Steve, I do. But sometimes I just can’t be the savior or a martyr for the world. I just have to be me.”
“Didn’t think you were staying, thought you’d be over at Stark’s again tonight.” Darcy says and then turns to Sam. “You want the chili or the steak. I got some flank that’s been marinating for the last few days.”
After they eat in comfortable silence, Tony says, “This is going to work, you know.”
Things clarify for Steve when he escorts the Stark Corp party out to the main deck and Director Coulson shows up. He’s still surprised that Coulson left the life of a ship’s captain to take over as the head of SHIELD Corp. SHIELD has taken on the duties as the main defense of Human Space.  Several of the other Corp protested and, for a while, it looked like the squabbles might manifest into a civil war, but the threat of the Chitauri and the Dark Elves lurking stopped all further complaints from Hammer Corp and AIM. The only thing the Corps and governors can currently agree on is that SHIELD handles the protection and guarding of the Human Space with Phil Coulson leading the way.
But Steve wasn’t listening. He was too busy staring at the engineer’s stomach with absolute fascination.
“Tony”, Matthew called, getting the engineer’s attention, “We need to know more about this will. Were you present when they read it?”
Tony, against his better judgment, followed the man back to the balcony where he and Steve had been dancing just a few minutes earlier.
He was in the communal kitchen, a place he had avoided plenty these past few months, when Steve arrived, looking a bit sheepish.
“He told us what happened, dear. I’m very sorry”.
Steve finally took his eyes from the baby, suddenly remembering the gift he had bought.
Steve walked in, looking around in complete awe.
“Why the ever loving fuck not?” Clint demanded.
“Not many people have, Mr. Rogers. So, five attempts to join the army, huh”.
Pepper snorted,
“That’s… exactly right, actually”.
“I’m sorry, Shellhead. I’m so sorry. But it’s okay. I’m fine now. I’m not leaving you. Ever”.
The words kept getting stronger and stronger inside his mind, shutting down the terrible thoughts that had threatened to engulf him before. By the time the bag of M&Ms was empty, Tony was already feeling better and decided to apologize to Steve the next day.
“Uh, is everything okay? You’re all acting weird”.
“Well, Mr. Stark… The captain seems to be fine, there are no injuries, no concussion, nothing that could possibly explain this sudden… forgetfulness”.
“Fine. Focus. This is Stark Tower. JARVIS told us that Stane didn’t change the original design, so this right here is an exact replica, with every room, every entrance and every exit”, he began talking, pointing at the hologram.
Steve couldn’t believe how young the target looked, how vulnerable. He couldn’t be more than twenty years old. How could a man so young survive something so horrible? Better yet, how could some this young escape from one of the most feared terrorist groups in the world? He carefully put the young man inside the helicopter, stepping aside so Natasha could insert an IV bag on his arm.
Steve opened his mouth to talk, but suddenly remembered Tony’s request for him to play along. With a roll of his eyes, he turned to his friends.
“It’s the girl”, Dr. Connely said, looking at Ross, “It has to be”.
Tony walked closer to the computer once again, sitting in the chair and making a disgusted face when he saw the blood on the keyboard. Still, he started typing once more, opening files just as Steve stood right behind him.
“That’s what we thought was happening today. Actually, that’s what Tony thought was happening today”.
“I can see that now”, Tony said, nodding with sad eyes, “The minute they read my father’s will, he kicked me out of the house. He had the Jericho, he had SI, he didn’t need me anymore. But then, when he noticed what I’d done to the missile, he came looking for me. At first he tried to apologize, said he wasn’t dealing well with his mourning, that my father’s death had really hit him hard. I didn’t buy it. So he changed his tone, said I designed the Jericho while under a SI contract and so it belonged to them, to him; said I needed to get it working, or he’d make me regret it. So I ran”.
“He just… forgot he had something to do and then he remembered it and he ran… to do… the thing he forgot but remembered”.
There was a knock on the door. Tony frowned, putting the glasses and the wine on the coffee table, before going to the door. It couldn’t be the delivery man; he always rang the doorbell downstairs and waited until someone let him in.
He touched his stomach while taking deep, long breaths.
“Hey, handsome. You okay?”
Stane laughed a humorless laugh and grabbed the terrified engineer by the shoulders, pulling him closer in a half embrace.
“See, that’s the thing”, Tony interrupted, “you keep saying that and when it comes from you it’s supposed to be a good excuse, right? But if I say that, it’s bullshit. When I say I wanted to create Ultron to protect us, to protect the Earth, I’m an asshole who can’t trust his team. When I don’t tell you about the Accords immediately after I hear them, because I don’t want you to do anything rash, I’m a controlling little shit who can’t trust anyone. But when Captain America does it? Everything is fine then. Because he’s Captain America, right? And Captain fucking America is always fucking perfect and can do no fucking wrong”.
“But if the shipments had been stolen…”
“Go ahead, J.”
Tony just couldn’t understand. He tried, God knows he tried, but he couldn’t seem to grasp why Steve would want to keep this,
, they would say and Anthony would nod, trying so very hard to hold the tears that threatened to fall from his big, brown eyes. Despite her best efforts, Margaret was unable to shield her darling boy of the horribleness of the world and she hated herself for it.
“Dude, what was I suppose to do? It would be weird if we had like five friends over for the wedding and no family!”
“It’s not a piece of crap. It’s just old and tired. I can make it work, though. You can pick it up tomorrow at four pm”.
Beware of the small, poorly written sex scene in this chapter.
“Uh, yes? Do I know you?”
Tony immediately closed his eyes, raising his hands to hold his lover’s face, kissing him back with everything he had. They ended the kiss too soon, noses still touching, their faces still close to one another as if they couldn’t bring themselves to be separated any longer. Tony opened his eyes and looked into Steve’s baby blues. The blonde smiled.
Coulson huffed, shaking his head. “One more kiss only in the corridor, Stark, Rogers. And keep it PG-13. This is not some teen movie High School. This isn’t Hannah Montana”.
“YES”, Bucky shouted, laughing, “yeah, that’s it. So simple, how didn’t I think of that?”
“Amazing cannolis, yeah, I know”.
I really hope you guys enjoy reading this as much as I did writing it. Don't forget to leave a comment and kudos! (;
Uh, did anyone know JARVIS can invade the group chat?
, the words circled through Steve’s head,
Tony looked around the table. Clint and Phil were staring at him intently, clearly waiting for an answer. Sam, on the other hand, was looking down on his drink as if it was the most interesting thing in the world. The young mechanic felt trapped, like a wild animal locked in a small room. Before he could answer, though, Steve showed up and, probably sensing the tension, cursed loudly, glaring at his friends.
They exited the building in silence, constantly checking the perimeter to make sure nothing was amiss, and made their way to next facility, through a short path between tall trees and a lot of grass.
“Well”, Bucky replied, drinking some more, “the night is still young”.
“So, are you convinced now or…?”
― because that’s what I am to them, a dumb kid ― to own the largest technological empire in the world. What do you do?”
“I need to go to the bathroom”, Steve said, taking a step back and away from Tony.
The faceplate went up and Tony smiled at him. “No problem, Cap”.
He didn’t even manage to grow a fucking plant, how in the hell was he growing a whole fucking human? It was impossible, but somehow, here he was, three months pregnant. Three months. He’d had a baby in his belly for three whole months and didn’t know about it. It was nice to have a medical reason to explain all the morning sickness and the tiredness and the constant goddamn need to pee. But still, a baby…
, Morgan would ask him, to which he would respond,
“About the day Steve asked Tony out”.
tell you how the company is doing these days… You’re losing clients left and right. You had to make deals with losers like Justin Hammer because you’re desperate. Because you may be a good ‘money man’, Obie, but, without me, you have nothing. Without me, you don’t have state of the art weapons, you don’t have technological marvels that change the world… You’re losing all your contracts because you can’t show them anything new. You’re falling behind and you’re desperate and your last chance to pull one over is to tell the military that the Jericho works”.
“Right away, Sergeant Barnes”,  the AI happily replied.
“Cut the crap. What’s going on?”
“Another agent found it”, Bucky replied with a pointed look, “And she thinks this is our guy”.
Steve back to normal in a second, right?”
“Coffee doesn’t count”, Steve and Natasha said at the same time. She arched her eyebrow at him and he blushed and looked away, taking a sip of his water.
“That’s DUM-E”, Miss Potts answered, having suddenly appeared with a tray. She gave Stane the glass of scotch and offered Steve the bottle of water, which he politely accepted. And then suddenly, it hit him.
, not even waiting for a response as he grabbed his jacket and closed the door to his shophouse, running down the stairs to meet his date. He opened the door downstairs with a smile, stepping outside. Steve was smiling as well, but he looked nervous. It was adorable.
Bucky had a plate full of various
“So… Any chance Harley is the beast we have to slay?” Cassie asked while Harley threw her dirty looks.
“Secure channel seven”.
Clint appeared all of a sudden, huffing like he had just ran a marathon.
“Holy crap”, Ned said softly on Peter’s left, raising his hands and looking at them in awe, “Holy crap, I’m green”.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Come on, let’s get the hell out of here. We have a lot to discuss”, he said, glancing at the little girl.
“TONY?” He exclaimed, opening the stalls. The men yelped and screamed, telling Steve to fuck off, but he paid them no mind.
wrong, indeed.
Tony shook his head, trying to keep himself calm.
Tony looked at him, noticing the sincerity in his eyes. He looked so tired and so lost that Tony almost felt bad. Almost. The older man sat down once more.
“I know you two. You’re way too overprotective. You’re going to use this date to dig dirt on him and psychoanalyze him and scare him away. I like him, Bucky”.
“I overheard a conversation. You were right. Afghanistan was a trap. He wanted the boy dead. I didn’t hear the other end of the conversation, unfortunately, but I’m betting the Ten Rings are now very interested in Tony and what he can do”.
“Nice to meet you,” Coulson says and reaches over to Tony with an open hand.
"Stevie, it's me. Bucky. You're going to be okay now." It's a lie but he doesn't really care. The sight of Steve beaten and starved devours Bucky's own hope. He checks out what he can see of Steve in the strange blue light. His skin is marred by whip marks, his vertebrae stick out in stark relief against skin that looks to thin, too transparent.
“You, you, you…”
Obie scoffs and points to DUM-E. "That is state of the art?" He bows his head, shakes it as if he's lost confidence in Tony and then looks up to him and says, "You disappoint me.” Tony hates that it matters to him what the man thinks. “What are you doing, boy? Why aren't you in California?  We need you at the R & D division. Hiding here? That's not good for anyone, especially your investors or the Board."
“Can we proceed with the reason we are here?” Strange asked. His cape jittered as if the wind hit it.
It’s early and Captain America is so emotionally spent, he wants to sleep. Tony knows some people deal with their depression and anxiety by sleeping so he steps away, losing his grip on Steve’s hand. “Okay. Good night.”
There’s no answer even though he’d hoped that the connection he believes they have through the virtual linkage would relay the information. He feels all of his 98 pounds even though he’s still the same super serumed soldier. He needs to get moving. Loki said something about time. There’s no time. With every tick of the clock, Ultron learns how to avoid them, how to defeat them. Steve climbs to his feet, wobbly and dizzy. Leaning against the wall isn’t an option so he squares his shoulders and marches forward into the maze.
“Look who’s talking?” Tony snickers. “I mean you literally changed, had mad scientists one of which was my father experiment on you.”
“Well if you don’t like it, I don’t know why you think I would.” He manages to get the repulsor charged. “There. Just need some branches and wood for a fire.”
Steve clears his throat, not knowing if Tony understands that they are sharing thoughts. Or at least, he thinks they are – maybe Steve’s sanity is just breaking down in this virtual world.
Steve gulps at the pancake he holds and swallows it dry. Coughing, his chest tightens, and he screws up his face. He really needs to go back to his room and take his meds for the day. He grabs some juice and thankfully it works – not a full blown lung issue then so that’s good. The next thing he needs to purchase are some long term patches to support his lung care. Mentally, he puts that on his list – while it’s not full out augmentation like the prince must have with his heart – at least the patches would make him less dependent on daily medicine.
Steve hesitated. He shouldn’t let her boss him around especially at such a sensitive juncture, but the fact remained that Natasha knew this version of Bucky much better than he did. Bucky threw Steve a glance and it felt like he’d lobbed a fast ball right into his gut. He stomped away, knocking past Natasha and going to the corridor. Natasha waited and when he was out of earshot said, “It took you how long to accept your own orientation? Don’t expect it to be overnight for him.”
Tony waves in the air. “I don’t know what you want me to do with it. I’m not eating that!”
The backpack Tony’s slings on his shoulder is fairly pedestrian. It can’t possibly hold the armor. “You’re not bringing the armor?” Steve asks.
That’s when he shifted his gaze to Natasha. The blurriness of her soul’s energy focused like a laser beam. All those times that Tony had tried to figure out what was different about her – he finally understood. This wasn’t her first bonding – she had another that, somehow, had been torn from her. What Tony experienced now was that tear being sown, repaired. She held onto Barnes as if she clasped her own Beloved. It startled him, and he looked at Steve in question.
“Am I people? Have you looked at my eyes? I look like a fucking android. I have energy that comes out of me as if I’m wearing a suit of armor. What the hell am I now, if I’m not with you?” Distress and anger marred his voice. He cursed. “Shit, I shouldn’t be putting this on you. You’re recovering and I’m here fucking you up.”
Tony leans in and Steve scans the room; they are alone. His hand is perilously close to Tony’s hand on the table. “I live an unconventional life, Captain, I’m sure you understand exactly what I’m talking about.”
“I get that,” Tony said. “I’m asking you to be my Confidant. To help me.” She nodded, her expression serious. He cleared his throat. “What I want to know is, is he okay?” And Tony finally exhaled. It felt like he’d been holding his breath since that night of their shared dream.
He grabbed the phone.
“Whoa, what’s that about? Don’t tell me you’re some weird ghost or something. Fuck, don’t tell me I’m like in a coma or something. Are they torturing me and I’m hallucinating dead war heroes. Why would I hallucinate dead war guys?” Tony scrubs at his face and then blinks a few times at Steve.
“Perfect, you always got my back.” He ends the conversation. He drinks a bit of the water and makes a mental note to get checked for parasites. He lies down and stares up at the stars. In due time, Blu joins him. Tony adjusts his position to use Blu as his cushion. “Last night before we go back to civilization. I’ll figure this out, Blu, I will.”
Steve slashes the air with his hand. “You have got to stop, Bucky. Stark didn’t do anything. He ended up with amnesia after saving the damned Human Space. I wanted something from him, but he wasn’t that person. If it hurt me, it was my own damned fault.”
Steve only laughs at the name and sits up, takes Tony’s cock and as he hunches over him, swipes it against his own entrance. Tears streak Tony’s cheeks and he’s edged toward the cliff and then with another grasp at the base of his cock, brought back again. Once Tony’s breathing through unexpected pain of stopping his orgasm, Steve pets him softly on the chest.
“Seems so,” Tony says. “It means-.”
Instead he knocks on the door and a young blonde woman answers. She smiles and says, "She's expecting you."
Steve rolls his eyes. “No thanks, JARVIS. I think I have this handled.”
“Blame is a powerful word, Buck,” Steve said and folded his hands in front of him. He could ask why Bucky went after the twins or why he never came to Steve after their bond set in place. Instead he let Bucky take the lead.
When Happy leaves, only half satisfied with Tony’s explanation and mumbling about Pepper and how angry she’ll be with him, Tony climbs the stairs to his bedroom. He ignores everything and heads directly to the closet. He knows where it is. A box stuffed in the back of his closet on a shelf he can barely reach. He gets on his tiptoes and hits at it a few times trying to tip it to fall down on him. It does after a few tries. The cardboard box tumbles down off the shelf and little Blu, his stuffed lion plops down on the carpeted floor in front of him. Tony sits down in the closet and picks up the toy. Its neck has none of the stuffing anymore so its head leans to the side. The blue eyes are scratched, and the tail is non-existent. He holds onto it.
Does that work with the Captain? Because Tony wants to know, but when he turns to look at Rogers – he knows it doesn’t. Rogers is focusing on Natasha – and while there isn’t even a picture or plastic container with the movie disc in it because JARVIS will just stream it from the huge library Tony owns – it’s clear that the Captain isn’t seeing Natasha. He’s seeing the war and all it means.
“Now, I have some stuff to do. If you want, I’ll come back down, and we can watch something – and-.” His face blushes full red. “Cuddle?”
The cold and blank face of the helmet turns to Steve. “Backpacks?” He pauses. “Ah, yes. I left them at the exit.”
“Step off to ten,” Steve says and then waits as Tony finds his footing on the grassy path to the house. “No. Not the steps. That your butler here is named Vision. That doesn’t strike you as strange?”
Jane stands up and takes his hand. “You’ll never forget her, Steve. But that doesn’t mean you can’t move on.”
“No,” Tony says. “No, we don’t. I’m getting Richards on the phone.”
“Guess I’m on my own for a bit, huh?” Blu doesn’t turn around and hustles through the thicket.
Thor squinted into the last of the sun. He placed his hands at his waist and nodded. “I know a little of what you speak. My father cast me out when I advocated war and broke a peace he had negotiated with one of our dire enemies. Cast out, without my powers. I found my way on Midgard. I was lucky he sent me here. You are lucky as well. You found your way through your Iron Man, is that not true?”
Strange relents. “Tony only has tonight and then he will lose his sight. The implant will come out and he will not longer have the any access to sight.”
“Listen, I’m sorry, I just – I don’t want to be a bother.”
The stairs – a structural monstrosity the only part of the lodge Tony thinks is far too large for the space – are just left of the stone fireplace. They lead up to a balcony type space which overlooks the living room and kitchen. The walkway ends at the foyer to the bedrooms. There are only five.
“Might be in the damned files. You’ve been doing what? For how long? To a human being.” Tony glared at them.
“Love you, Pepper.”
“Yes, boss?”
Tony stops in his tracks. “Oh Captain, this would have been so much more fun if you hadn’t used that shriveled raisin of a brain of yours.” The armor pivots and the right hand repulsor fires, but Steve snaps the shield up in time to ward it off.
“Shit. Sorry.”
“The medicine cabinet?” Clint shrugs and picks sleep out of his eyes.
Steve entered the room and then closed the door. “Tony. I- I have to talk to you.”
“Of course.”
“I can,” Rumlow said but didn’t move. Sawyer shuffled around in the back next to the corridor where the elevator emptied out. He wanted to escape. Well, he damned well wasn’t going to leave. Tony refused to let anyone of these guard leave.
He went to the middle of the room where pillows and cushions lined a sloping cradle. Pepper had always called it his crib, but he could lie in it for hours and stare up at the projections around him, surrounding him and lose himself in thought. When he settled on the cushions he asked, “JARVIS, project the latest data on the networking of soul packs.”
Steve presses his face against the filthy desk while his hands are behind his back. Tony can’t tell, but he thinks they might be restrained in some manner. Steve turns and picks up his head as if he might fight but that’s when Tony realizes he’s being pulled up.  The sight of the garrote around Steve’s neck enrages Tony. Tiny droplets of blood drip down along Steve’s throat, smearing across his pale skin. The man behind him, the man fucking him is using the garrote as a kind of noose/reins. He tugs at Steve, forcing him to arch up or the garrote slices into his vulnerable flesh.
Sam taps the lights to dim them.
“Thank you so much.” She opens her arms and asks, “Can I give you a hug?”
“Go to the library,” T’Challa had advised.
“The unit hasn’t hit its milestones. We’re below quota on everything,” Steve said and shrugged the shoulder Tony had snuggled up against.
Sitting up on the edge of a gurney, Steve had a blanket thrown over his shoulders. Cold frigid weather loomed outside of the tent. Tony heard the groan of the wind as it hit the fabric sides of the tent. Something smelled odd, like ozone.
He nodded. He knew that. Logically, he understood it. But his blood was still the blood that Pierce and Ross hungered after even if they were dead. There would be others, others who would seek him out, hunt him down, drain him again and again. He’d offered his blood to Tony – a long time ago – in a Blood Den. “When I went to the Blood Den -.” He started. “When I went to that first Blood Den all those years ago and I met Tony, I had no intention of leaving alive. I wanted to die. I don’t fit in here. I never did. Not then, not now. Tony saved me then.” He sighed, and no relief of tension would help him. He didn’t mention that Tony had saved him again.
Steve eats but checks out Jarvis. The man literally hates him. He points to the creamer. “May I have some cream for my coffee?”
“Once you are finished, all you need do is exit down the staircase. No one will see you.”
Tony does without a word, and then Steve leads them down toward the ragged pathway to the river’s edge. He leads the horses down but he knows he won’t be able to keep a hold on Tony’s horse through the narrow gap between the jut of rocks.
“You’re changing the subject.” Tony eyes him as Steve drags him out the door of his quarters. Several guards stand at attention and Happy blocks the way. “Happy?”
“Bigger. I want a dom, if that’s possible?”
None of the positions at the Prime Station fit any of his training. They didn’t need classically trained artists around these parts – really no one did not in the height of a war. Back in the day it might have been his ticket to a free ride. Artists were sought after by the Elite. To have a number of artists in residence showed how very rich and powerful a family was. But since the war broke out, the demand for artists dwindled and Steve’s source of a career disappeared. Even though he’d trained with some of the best the Regions could offer (due to his mother’s sacrifice) nothing mattered. He switched careers to survive.
He sighed and it was a gentle motion between them. “Yes, that will be all Miss Potts.”
Tony swallows down his sarcastic reply. He wants to say
“They took it,” Tony says. “Sorry, I didn’t know what to do with your wounds. I cleaned them out as best I could.”
“Oh, you didn’t know that once you apply you need a sponsor. Well, yes you do. It was me. I sponsored you because I have a client that I think you’re well suited for.” She pauses as if she’s waiting for him to comment. When he doesn’t, Natasha continues, “So Steve Rogers tell me a little about yourself.”
“So, where are you hurt and was it penetrative?” Natasha says – always getting down to business.
Instead of reproach, Stark slaps the table and laughs as Pepper smiles and Banner only rolls his eyes at the exchange. “Oh Pep, I want him, can I have him, please?”
Steve peered around the room. There was no light. “Buck? Bucky? It’s me, Steve. Are you there?” He listened, worried that something worse than an unexpected urgency cycle had taken his friend. “Buck?”
“Yeah, didn’t know what I would do without her. But she got sick and it was pretty terrible.”
“That’s where Iron Man comes in,” Steve said and looked up at Tony from the battle hologram before him. “We’ll need you to get a lay of the land, find out the defenses.”
“Something happened the last time you were in New York, did that person break up with you?” Pepper asks. She’d guessed a long time ago that he’d fallen in love, heart and soul.
Steve sneaks a peek and sees Stane standing next to a workbench that’s been cleared of it’s contents. Tony goes over to it and starts to pick up all the tools and instruments. It riles Steve that the prince (the prince!) kneels in front of Stane and cleans up
Steve clamps a hand over his side and gingerly picks his way over to the bed. Collapsing on it, he closes his eyes and says, “I needed the money. He pays good.”
“I don’t think we can do that, if we don’t have information about the Hub, we can’t automatically get there. I would have thought of that before we started this accursed journey.”
Tony snapped his attention to Strange. “I came to you because you were supposed to be the expert here. You were supposed to help us figure this shit out.”
“Regular mountain man, huh?” Tony commented as he lingered a few feet away from the fireplace.
“Not supposed to see,” Steve says in a thick voice. He sways and closes his eyes.
“Toward the village,” JARVIS replies.
“Don’t worry. I talked with Pierce. We have the place to ourselves – well – except for the vendors,” Tony says with a smile teasing his lips.
“He’ll be fine, you know Clint. He can handle himself,” Steve says but then Bruce steps in and offers a small shot glass filled with an amber liquid to Steve.
“Every other omega sits there with their mouths open, staring at you as you manipulate and work the damned room. The alphas salivate for you. They are bowing to me because of you,” Tony says and every word is a compliment but he spits them out like they are barbs from the pole.  “Why do you do so much good for me if you think, if you think-.” His mind tumbles with words and they crash into one another until it’s too difficult to form a coherent thought, but he pushes through it and says, “Why do you try so hard to be my omega, to do good when you think so little of me?”
“Mine’s the red and gold one,” Tony says.
Tony only smiles.
“I just.” Tony shivers. “I’m no damsel in distress, but hell that was fucking distressing. I haven’t ever had this happen before. Early on, kind of, but not now.” He puts his hand to his forehead. “Can we just leave?”
“Must be a shock.”
“That’s not true,” Tony says. “Omegas can’t. You’re infertile. I’ve read the biology. There’s no way-.” He stops.
The words are halting, and torn as if rasped from a ragged throat. “Promised, promised. I did this for you. For you.” He staggers a step to the bench, barely staying on his feet. “Wish it would have taken me, too. Wish I was gone.” He nearly topples but catches the edge of the bench and sits down.
“For so long, I ignored the feelings inside. I pretended. But now I feel like I’m waking up from the ice all over again. Like for the first time I can see and feel what it’s like-.” He stopped, and Tony felt the tremor through him. “I’ve always been so sure of everything. Now I’m not. Now I see where I’ve been blind. A leader cannot lead unless they see. I see now.”
“Thanks! That would be great.” He stops their progress. From the echo of the wow Steve utters, Tony surmises they’ve arrived at the garage.
“Not entirely human,” Shuri replied. “It’s simple on a molecular level. We know now that vampirism is a kind of disease but it isn’t fatal, nor is it undead. When people get the disease their bodies change in reaction to the virus. To something that we cannot truly understand, but I am getting close!” There was a twinkle in her eyes. “Call the vampire state one of metamorphosis. Like a cocoon and a butterfly.”
The V-Corps called it culling, and Steve knew it to be much more serious that Natasha let on, but he held his tongue.
Tony tries to wipe away the tears but the pour down his cheeks. “It doesn’t matter, JARVIS. Nothing you can do can make any of it better.”
Tony’s about to break their perfect peace when his phone does it for him. A tiny chime and he knows that Friday is alerting him. While still on Steve’s lap he digs out his phone and answers. “How’s my girl?”
Natasha came and exposed them, but neither one of them wanted to admit it. They were both the Emperor with no clothes, both pretending, both strutting and parading around and not allowing themselves to see. “That’s not it,” Tony said and tore away from Pepper. He loved her, he did. Talking about this – about Iron Man and his life’s calling – that was off the table.
“As in having dinner with me. You know, a date?”
Tony turned his head and looked at the kitchen, where he could hear Peter’s laugh and Rhodey and Bucky’s loud voices. He smiled and turned back to Steve, pulling his head down until their foreheads touched one another.
“Yep”.
But Tony’s eyes were soft and his smile was genuine when he answered, “Of course you can sing to her”.
Tony was about to follow him when he noticed neither Bucky nor Rhodey moved.
“Thanks”, Steve replied, feeling his face grow hot, “I always loved to draw. I used to spend whole days drawing when I was kid”.
Jessica jumped, scared by the sudden noise that came from an old looking printer.
“Uh, yes, we’re almost home. Something wrong?”
“Blue Ferrari”, Tony completed at the same time Sam said it, “I know who it is. His name is Tiberius Stone”.
“Hello, Captain Rogers. I’m Virginia Potts, Mr. Stane’s personal assistant. Please follow me, he’s in the workshop waiting for you”.
"I don't wanna...", he moaned in a very loud, dramatic tone from Natasha's bed, "So... How was the mission? Fun?"
“Just play along”, he whispered back to his boyfriend, pulling him towards the kitchen.
“This is Sam”, Steve said, gesturing to the dark skinned man, who promptly raised his beer in reply, “And these are Bucky and Natasha”.
He recognizes the hunger in Tony’s eyes. Shame fills him. He had a life to live, and he squandered it. Still, his voice comes out strong and firm. “You had a life to live. You lost that life. I didn’t. Not really. I had friends who would easily move on without me. I had no attachments. I had nothing left. Not there.”
“I’m in need of fresh air for my health.” He points to Banner. “Ask Bruce, my doctor, there. He wants me to get out of the shop, get away from the forge, and breathe the fresh air. So, will you?”
“It is now,” Steve said and went to get to his feet. Tony stepped back as if being too close to Steve might forgive everything that had taken place between them. “It’s fine now.” Steve went to open Clint’s bindings. He eyed Bruce. “You need a minute?”
Something painful passes over the prince’s features. He shakes it off and turns to the cart to reveal the main dish of their dinner. It’s some kind of sea food that Steve’s never seen before. “Salmon, you’ll love it. It has a maple syrup and mustard rub on it. Over a bed of rice, just perfectly simple but tasty.”
“No,” Pepper says and looks up at him. “But the details might have been too much for him to handle.”
“I don’t think you can use anything in the back room without my consent,” Steve challenges and waits for Tony – this is a test – they both know it. Sure, Tony cannot force Steve to do something that’s not in the contract, but Steve allows quite a bit in his do’s and don’ts.
He kisses Tony’s cheek. “It makes me happy to take care of you Tony. It’s part of who I am. Even as a tiny sickly kid, I always stood up for others and took care of others.”
“I’m not going to place anything, Tony. You don’t seem to comprehend the risks you’re taking. The implant you have now is being rejected. While we are on ground not a lot of researchers have tread, I fear that if we go further you may suffer injury.”  As Strange talks he spends time testing Tony’s reflexes as well as instructing him through a series of cognitive skills tests.
No words – Steve can no longer speak. His breathing takes precedence and only high pitched whistle sounds.
Blu sits with his back to him, pawing at the side of his face and ignoring everything he’s saying. Tony glares at the lion. He tosses the dead animals aside and rubs away the sticky blood from his shirt. Picking up the helmet casing, he trudges down the hill to get some water. At least he can fill his belly with water. He’s careful and drinks before he fills the helmet then, walking as if on eggshells, he makes his way back only to find Blu on his back rolling around and kicking the neat pile of armor pieces around their camp.
“All of us,” Tony said and swallowed. He hated to kick a team mate when he was down but the fact remained that Steve snuck out and left him to deal with the revelation. Truth be told, Steve may have concluded that he’d spent enough time and that it handling the rest of the pack had been in order, but Tony resented the fact that he’d left with nary a word. Tony pressed his fingers into his eyes. Since when did he say nary? Thor was getting into his head.
“I can show you,” Tony says and snaps his fingers. “Come on, Lassie. I have things to do.”
“You do need to find an omega – that’s absolutely necessary. You should have had one mated by the time you were nineteen. I don’t know what your mother was thinking,” Pep says. “You need to find an omega warrior before the Final Council of Worlds.”
Steve bows his head in agreement. “I was trying to find my way to the Boundaries.”
Steve unlocks the door and pushes it open. Tony hears him switch on the light and then he instructs, “Walk about three paces forward and two your left and you’ll get to a table to put the milkshakes on.”
Steve catches his slight waver on his feet, and instantly, catches his elbow to guide him back to the cot. That’s when Tony notices the one blanket on the floor next to the cot. He peers up at Steve and then back to the blanket. As he settles down on the cot again, Tony asks, “That’s where you’ve been sleeping, isn’t it?”
“Is it perverse?” He spoke to no one as he stepped into the shower. Just wanting to be with someone. Loving someone, how was that wrong? He shook it away as he let the water fall. It was wrong. His upbringing had to mean something. Didn’t it? He couldn’t throw it all away. Otherwise, what was he, who was he? He wondered what his mother would think – and that cooled his sudden need. Would she be disappointed? Disgusted? She was a saint to him and he wouldn’t ruin her memory with his fears and doubts.
“Peps, you love it because I’m yours,” he says with a smile. That’s not really true. She’s more his little sister than anything else. She’s promised to his Family’s Security Administrator, Harry.
He places a kiss on Steve’s forehead. “I know we’re not- well- we’re not anything right now. But you were my omega once. Remember that.”
Pepper tugs Tony away but with a kind and apologetic smile to Steve. Rhodes clasps Steve’s bicep and leads him back to his table. Before they get to the table, Steve hears a familiar voice and a quick grab of his hand stops them. Thor sits at a table with an older gentleman and lady. Jane is there with Val.
Steve kisses the crown of his head. “Yeah. I’m so sorry. I didn’t think, Tony. I have to be aware.”
They brought Nat in on his secret. She took the assignment seriously and even offered to be the alpha he was looking for, but Fury nicked that idea. They would be working together at SHIELD and he didn’t want any entanglements.
“What if they strip search you?” Tony got out of bed and petted the bruise. “I could try and lick it more?”
“You didn’t say anything before, Tony. Are you sure?”
Laughing around his sandwich, Steve says, “You’re not taking this seriously.”
“I can’t believe any of this is so real. All the virtual reality rooms I’ve been in are nothing compared to this,” Steve comments. Granted, the few times he was in a VR room it was on the station with his friends relaxing. Nothing can beat the highly advanced technological wonder that is part of the Avengers Ship.
His world shattered after that and now, Bucky’s frozen and Steve’s stuck in Wakanda, beautiful Wakanda with a body in need and no alpha. Steve has no other choice but to offer himself up to the local mating block for an alpha or suffer through a heat alone.
As he swallowed down the sweet nectar, he heard a quiet voice speaking to him. It broke away the babble of those around him, those who nailed him to a fucking cross. The voice was tender and gentle and perfect in its resonance.
“Did you mean to drink so much from your mate?” Thor asked. His face in profile looked like a carved statue from the smoothest marble.
Tony had coughed and choked thinking it would be his last fought for breath, but somehow, from somewhere, he managed to dig up the strength to ram his knee into the guy's dick. The maniac howled. Yet, he loosened his grip enough for Tony to slam his head forward and bash his attacker in the nose. Stumbling back, his assailant screamed and Tony faltered to find his feet and get up.
Steve slips them on Tony’s face. He sits there next to Tony, his expression tight, pensive. After a long pause, Steve says, “I can’t pretend to know what it feels like to not see. If I couldn’t see, I wouldn’t be able to do any of my art. And I’d be lost without that. My mom died before she got to see me graduate art school. I joined the Army partially to follow in my father’s footsteps and partially because I just couldn’t afford to feed myself anymore. I did my tours; I did my duty. I lost my fiancé in a mission. I came home. When I interviewed for this job I had less than 20 bucks to my name. I know what it means to do without. I might not have the physical issue – outside of the chemical induced asthma I got from my tours in the Army – that you do, but I do understand, a tiny bit about having less of something that this world runs on. You gave me an opportunity here, Tony. I was trying to give you one, too.” He stops and swallows hard, audibly. Even without his glasses on Tony would have heard it, seen it in his mind’s eye. “I’ll get you home and get my things. I’ll be out by the end of the day.”
“Please,” Steve said and had no idea what he was asking for, begging for from his friend. Understanding, patience? He didn’t know, but the idea of losing Bucky tightened his throat and when he looked around the apartment it narrowed, the walls closed in. Tony, still sleeping beside him, faded and became ghostlike next to him.
Tony thinks of all the bombs he’s designed, and the people blown apart as he stares down at the blue light embedded in his chest. What moral compass had his parents offered him? Should he still blame stuff on his parents since it’s been so many years, decades really since they died. Isn’t he responsible for his own actions, now?
Steve relaxes and is more than a little mortified when Tony spies his slight sigh of relief. He winks at Steve and they continue their walk to the Parlor Inn. Entering the establishment that’s not far from the train station, Steve sees that the afternoon crowd dwindles as the lunch hour recedes. There’s no sign of Clint and Thor, and Steve has to wonder where Bucky might be. Erik wanders through the little tables, on each he places a small mason jar with some wildflowers. He’s replacing the wilted ones.
“So this is supposed to make me want to help you?” None of that little horror story could. Not in the least.
This is his opportunity, his opening, and he takes it. He spins blasting his gun in an arc and then he heads toward the sound of Redwing singing to him through the grumbling of the building as it wobbles and shifts above them. He picks his way through the darkened halls to the farthest corner of the fortress’ basement. Redwing sits atop a large open pipe. When Bucky sticks his head in the pipe he smells raw sewage. He gags and coughs as the stench overwhelms him.
“Okay, don’t worry about it. You’re not the first person to blow off steam at me,” Tony said. “And no, that’s not me being a martyr. Everyone gets the short end of the stick sometimes. It’s nice to think I get it from Captain America.”
“We don’t have time,” Tony mutters and skips down the hill, only to tumble and pitch forward right at the feet of the Clint construct. It yanks out the sword from his back scabbard and prepares to impale Tony as he tries to get control of his descent.
“At this point, I don’t know what’s going on. We have to get this under control and that’s one of the reasons I came to New York,” Steve said. “We have the core Avengers, except for Thor who I think is still off planet. I don’t know. I don’t even know if the whole soul pack thing will work with him. But we have to – I have to get more of this under control.”
None of that is true, of course. Yet, Tony still has no answers. He sits in the hospital room in the Tower. His mind blank and his head throbbing as he watches Steve. They aren’t in love, not yet anyway. Tony admits he could easily fall for Steve. In fact, over the past three weeks he actively worked not to fall head over heels for him. There had been a time that Tony would have jumped in with both feet, but he’d ruined enough relationships to learn that it’s better to tread lightly and softly during the formative period.
Stane places a hand on Steve’s upper arm. “Of course, I would hate for him to have those nightmares on top of all the others.”
Right there on the screen blinks several lists of tests and all of them shine green. Everything is set to go. Steve only has to take the step, the leap with Tony. He steadies his fears, after all he’s been to combat he knows how to control his doubts. He touches Tony’s hand, then turns over his palm, and places the glasses there. “Everything’s green.” He hopes Tony doesn’t hear the worry in his voice.
She rubs a hand over her face and grimaces. “Sorry, Steve. So, what’s up?”
Steve came to the rescue and lifted Tony into his arms. “I got this.”
The wind screams in an attempt to drown out Tony. He nods. “I think so.” He squints his eyes as he examines the landscape around him. “Pretty sure we have to get over that rise in order to get to the outer rim and then the inner rims.”
“Sam knows?” Tony snarled. He rebuffed Steve’s attempts to react him, shredding the soul bonds as easy as paper.
“Sweet like a sissy-boy. That’s what I heard. You want that up your ass. I always thought there was something wrong with you. Wanting to prove yourself, not really looking at the girls-.”
“We have,” Sam said but then continued, “We gave him advice but how did we act on that advice?”
He taps his implant, tosses the tablet to the side, and swings his feet to the floor. Pulling Steve over to him, Tony plays with the drawstrings of his pants. “I want to take you shopping today.”
With a wild groan, Tony pushes deeper and hits Steve’s prostate. It startles Steve and he cries out as the coil tightens in his groin and the need grows. He loves the way the prince stretches him, fills him. He wants the prince to push him to his limits, it feels right and sinful. It’s supposed to feel this way – Wanda told him that once. The best sex should feel right and sinful at the same time.
“Well.” Tony folds his hands and attempts to calm the shaking in his voice. “Why don’t you start from the beginning.”
Steve whipped his head to the side at the same time he swung forward. The chains offered little leeway, but he took what he could get and yanked on them to get enough momentum to clamp down on Rumlow’s hand with his teeth. Steve bit down, closing his jaw and freezing it. Rumlow screamed out, and yanked at his hand, but Steve bared down, feeling the crush of knuckles against this teeth and tongue.
“Yes, SHIELD. It happens my husband is staying over there.”
Steve touches his face. “Once the light of knowledge is revealed your eyes turn the color of the realm.”
Natasha considered him. Her stare could be colder than the ice that froze him for 70 years. “There are methods to control the transference. I suppose these doctors didn’t tell you. First and foremost, you have to learn that SHIELD is an organization out to get information. Whatever information it is. They get it. However they can. These doctors lied to you.”
In some long nights when the cell quieted and the guards disappeared into the darkness. It would hum and listen to the sounds. It would hum and it would float on the sounds. Drifting over a dream of yesterday – a dream of a different life. It wondered if it had a life at one time or if it just fantasized about something it could never have. Yet the melodious sounds emanating from its throat cast a spell over it and it listened. Foolishly. Recollections or fantasies, it did not know.
"I don't know. I feel loose, as if I'm falling apart. I want to get back to New York." He said it as images of Steve reading to him came to mind. One time Steve had picked up an old paperback and read to Tony when he'd shown up with a migraine. Instead of charging him that time, Steve had taken care of him during the long night. It had been lovely and comforting and sweet. Something Tony cherished.
“It’s something I invented. It’s like a moat around a castle, but a virtual one. This one is completely filled with code and crap now.” He stood next to Bruce. “This is all wrong. It’s not even crap code. It’s functional code.”
“Deal.”
“Sorry, took some time to pull the right strings. How is he?”
“Do-don’t have to,” Steve says, and he’s surprised at how winded he is. “Bed.”
Steve drove the car up the ramp. Daylight flooded the sedan and silhouetted cars jammed the pathway. He had no other choice as he hit the accelerator and shifted gears to ram through the vehicles blocking the ramp. The crash caused the air bags in the front to inflate and Steve fought for control of the car. He fisted the pillowed cushion and managed to pop it. It deflated, allowing him to maneuver the steering wheel freely. With a spin on the wheels, he drifted across the pavement that led to the perimeter and the gates a mile out. Over the din of his own heart racing in his ears, Steve caught the chopping sound of helicopter blades in the air. He crouched down as he gunned the car past a group of V-Corps toward the road to the gates.
Shield hits a rough patch of tangled weeds and her hoof mustn’t land right because she bucks away from it and Steve’s not prepared. He jostles in the saddle which leads to Tony’s horse spooking. They are caught between two walls of rocks to the ravine. The horse cannot back up so it charges forward causing Shield to buck again and throw Steve forward. He pitches over the horse’s head and lands hard on his back. But he has the presence of mind of curl up and roll as he protects his head from the smashing hooves of the horses as they ram forward down to the river. Tony yells out a cry, but Steve cannot help – yet.
Crouching, Steve slips his arms around Tony, holding him bridal style and then standing to make the hazardous way down the stairs. He only hopes Bucky will continue to rest as he leaves the jail house. Pepper guides him and it’s relatively easy as a task, though Tony seems more upset by the time they get to the lower floor. He’s visibly ill, his cheeks and forehead wet with perspiration as if he’s done the heavy lifting.
Tony clasps Steve’s hands in his own. At he touches him, he can feel the softness of the fur that once welcomed him like an echo. “I know who you are. I don’t want you to be anyone else, but you.”
Steve snickers. “When I thought it up, I thought of a never empty thermos of coffee for you. Didn’t know if it would work in the virtual reality. But seems to.” He leans the open thermos over and lets Tony take a peek.
In his long duster, Steve straightens his collared shirt and trails after Jarvis as they cross from the barn to the street behind the main thoroughfare of Avenge. He wouldn’t call it a secondary street, but it’s connected to Main Street through a battery of alleyways not big enough for a carriage, but enough to lead a single horse through it. He knows several of the houses and cabins in the Backway, as they call it, are empty due to Schmidt’s constant harassment of the town’s citizens. Some people like Richards up and left after the last big incident.
For one fleeting second, Steve’s clear minded and knows how to strike out and gamble in this game. “Please, touch me. Please, move. Please, sir.”
“They mistreat him. I saw it earlier when you were not here. They shock him with electric prods and beat him with whips. He doesn’t do what they want,” Yinsen says, and he dumps his vegetables into the pot.
“The latest? You mean the new pack members?” Steve asked, and he knew he threw that dart way off the mark.
“Take it you big dope,” Clint hissed.
“Oh, are you?” She had always been the hardest nut to crack. She wasn’t showing any fault lines now. “Is that why you called out the Mandarin all on your own and ended up with a pile of rubble in the Pacific Ocean?” She hadn’t taken a seat.
Steve warded off Strange. “I don’t know what you’re planning on doing, but I asked you here for guidance. Nothing more.”
“You got it.” Steve works efficiently. His unit always like when they weren’t deployed, and he would have them over to his apartment. He’d always put together a slew of different subs and finger foods. “Any fruit. Apples? Oranges?”
“No. He would never condemn me.” Steve frees his hands and covers his face.
Steve drags Tony over to the bike and flips open the hood of the small trunk. “No. I can’t, but I’m still starved so we have to get our food. Even if it is getting cold. Here take the milkshakes. They only made a little bit of a mess in the trunk.” Steve foists the milkshakes at Tony. He manages to hold the cardboard tray and not tip them over while Steve retrieves the bag with their food. “Can you hang on or should I just put a hand on your shoulder?”
Steve avoids looking him in the eyes. Instead, he stares at the bed. “I think I’d like to go to sleep actually. If you don’t mind?”
“Okay, I’ll go now.” Steve swings the shield onto his back.
“The Hydra agents?” Tony shook his head. “They got away. The Iron Legion is after them, but I think we have a little more of a problem. Way more of a problem actually.”
Before them serene and beautiful, the farmlands owned by Clint Barton spread out. The raging storm is a thing of the past – or at least a thing behind them. Pastoral and peaceful, the sun shines and the rows of corn wave in the gentle breeze in front of them. He sees the house, rustic and wholesome with its large porch. He spots the tractor Tony once fixed moving through an empty field with a tiller hooked up to the back.
“Mostly asteroids. There’s a belt not far and it’s shipped in.” She points to the bath. “I expect you to usually shower before and after each client. Clean yourself out with the hose. You’ll always use protection, but you never know if these things break.”
“Maybe it’s the movie,” Clint says and tosses popcorn at Natasha who casually catches it with her mouth.
“Probably the beef. Pink lemonade at your 11 o’clock.”
Cho had joined Tony away from the bed, and Steve stood on the opposite side. “Yeah I’m ready.” He rubbed his hands on his pants. “I think.”
Part of Tony envies Steve’s solemn respect for his father. He should feel the same way about his own, considering dear old dad is dead too. But Tony can’t. His father drove drunk resulting in his death and the death of Tony’s mother . Tony can’t ever forgive him for that little factoid. “I’m sorry to hear that. But you joined the Army to respect him, I think.”
“It’s more than that,” Tony says but doesn’t elaborate. He kneels next to Steve. “We have to make this fire bigger or we’re both going to freeze to death. Well, I’ll freeze, you’ll do whatever you do.”
“Bring the lantern over here,” Tony says and squats down to check under the panel.
“She’ll handle things,” Sam said and then opened the refrigerator. “You like sandwiches, right?”
“Sir? Mister Stark, are you okay?”
Before Steve can answer, Pepper pipes in and brings Rhodes over to a corner for a private conversation. Steve glances at Happy and mutters, “Why do I feel like I’m getting sacked?” He wants to plead that Tony’s seizure isn’t his fault, but he doesn’t think his arguments will be taken into account. As Tony’s assistant maybe he is responsible, maybe it was up to him to stop Tony from the upgrade.
“And that’s not fair,” Steve said, his voice cracking. “You died for me. You resurrected me. But, even -.” He halted as the words clogged up in his throat again, spasming. He fought away the tears. “Even then you never gave up on me. I want to be there for you. I want to be there for everyone. But maybe there’s nothing of me left. Maybe I tried and tried. And I feel like I walked into a different dimension with Nat. That this isn’t the reality I thought I was in. My world had hope – now what is happening? Why is this happening?” He wiped away the tears, angry that he’d broken down again. “I don’t want to run away from you. I don’t want to feel the terror in the dark anymore. I want to feel you next to me. I want to touch you and know that it will be okay. But I’m not sure- I don’t.”
“Some Healer you are.”
Looking over her shoulder, Natasha says, “Hold him still or else this bullet is going to stay where it is and he’ll have another festering wound.”
It changes everything.
Steve was stoic. Steve had confessed that he wrapped all of his emotions deep inside of him. So, it wasn’t a surprise that even digging a little along the link brought up nothing. Yet the link wove and thickened. It felt stronger, brighter, more powerful if that was even the correct term.
Tony growls under his breath. With a curse he leaves Steve in the hospital room and finds his way up to his penthouse. He should stay at Steve’s side, but he doesn’t know if that’s the correct protocol. They haven’t even been going out for a month. Should he stand vigil? He wanders through his penthouse, ignoring the lights and goes directly to his bedroom.
“Good?” Steve asks. “Comfortable?”
Tony quaked as if this moment might be the first time he’d ever done this and then he realized the feeling echoed from Steve. Pausing in their explorations, Tony held Steve close and whispered, “I’m here; it’s okay.”
“If I was more prepared, I would have known what to do when your pal Stane came up to me, I can handle it, if I’m prepared. I’m not a member of your crew, I’m an outsider, a hooker. You should have let me be that. Then I would have been prepared.”
But then horrible life got in the way. He ended up in California for two weeks and all he could think of was getting back to New York City. Stane noticed, and the results turned ugly when Obie's answer to 'fix' Tony had been to have a private dinner with some very high prices sex workers. The women had been beautiful, but Tony couldn't stomach it. He'd played the part brought the leggy blonde to his room in the hotel instead of his home.
Erskine pats Steve’s shoulder. “Perhaps, someday, there will be a place for you. Someday there might be a chance for you.” He wanders off muttering to himself.
“Please what, Captain?”
“Fine.” He huffs. “Nat?”
“Not like picking a ship, you know,” Tony says and hits the access panel to release the locking mechanisms of the ship’s back ramp. The airlock hisses after the confirmation of breathable air and acceptable gravity.
“Your birthday is on the third of July?” Tony abhors small talk. It bothers him. Feels like he’s slowly being flayed to death.
In no time at all, Steve fries the bacon on a large gridle he found in the cupboard and brings out the toaster to pop in some slices of bread. Tony watches fascinated at Steve’s skill and mastery of all things kitchen related.
Steve releases most (not all) of the resentment building in him. He understands what Tony wants to do; he wants to prove to the people who discriminate that they do so with prejudice and that they shouldn’t tailor their response to clothes or status. “It doesn’t matter Tony.” He takes the clothes from the prince and places them back on the rack. “Once you leave it will be back to business as usual. They’ll be on their best behavior with you around.” He turns to a stunned Tony standing before him with a miserable expression. Caressing his cheek, Steve says, “We can go shopping, just let’s not try to save the entirety of the Conclave today.”
“Go on, say it. A freak? A pervert? A fairy?”
Steve places the ring on the side table. “I just want you to know, I’m still the same. I might be in a different body, but I am still Blu.” He marches out the door and down the stairs.
“My hands are sticky,” Tony says and tries to wipe them on his pants only to cause the fabric to clump up with the fake cheese that’s part of the treat. “This isn’t good.”
“Not sure if that’s a good idea,” Steve said. She’d been poking around ever since Steve came back from his dinner with Tony. She hadn’t outright asked, because Steve always kept his distance when it came to Bruce and Natasha’s little dinners. Even though they were all soul bonded, caring for one another and within a circle of protection, they all respected boundaries. Wong taught them that much (and Strange had taken to having late lunches with Bruce to check on his progress).
“You’re a pretty smart fella, aren’t you?” Clint grins at him over the rim of his cup.
Steve furrows his brows and says, “Yeah, I think I am.” His tone almost challenges, almost but not quite.
“No, I’m supporting myself,” Tony had said as they worked out how he would deal with the interface. Rhodey had been one of his first collaborators.
“I could help,” Bucky says and his face is earnest and lost, and Steve feels about two inches high.
Bruce is the one with the temper, but he doesn’t seem to entertain clients anymore so Steve figures that’s the reason why Natasha was willing to bring Steve onto her sex worker list. He holds meditation sessions on their day off (they all get the same day once a week). Everyone shuffles off to the observation deck for an hour of quiet time. Bruce leads it and it’s nice but Steve doesn’t really get it. He just sits there and stares at the nebula, engrossed in the colors and the beauty.
The prince caresses Steve’s shoulder. “You should never give up your dreams, Steve.”
Pepper grimaces and then says, “We’ve discussed it, Captain Rogers, and we believe it would be for the best if you were to leave Tony’s employment immediately.”
“Shuttle bay?” He hates space flight.
Tony sidles down onto the blanket and takes pity on Steve. He opens the container of Strawberry Mango Mesclun Salad. He pops the lid open and smells the balsamic vinaigrette. “This looks good. I’m sure it took you all morning to put this together.” He notes as Steve pours the glasses of pink lemonade.
Taken aback, Steve replies, “Okay. Sure. I just -.”
“Tony?”
He huffs and says, “Play it.” Throwing himself down on the bed, he tucks his hands under his head and closes his eyes to visualize his friend.
The Alternate Steve flickers and for a second Steve glimpses the outline of Ultron’s skull. The façade falls into place again. “You know what has to be done. He’s been playing you the entire time.” As Alternate Steve talks his uniform darkens and turns black. A familiar horrifying insignia appears on his chest to replace the star. “He made have taken down Hydra in truth, but he always wanted the power it possessed. Always. He’s just waiting for his chance. Do you wonder what else he’s hiding?”
Dumbfounded was the only word to describe the Capsicle’s look. He furrowed that brow of his and then zeroed in on Tony. “Considering the number of floors, no, I didn’t expect you to be with Doctor Banner. I half expected you to be with your Miss Potts.”
She walked over to them and showed her empty hand to Tony. He nodded. A display of trust. Her hand glided under Steve’s chin and lifted it so that she looked into his glossy eyed stare. Deep. He was deep under and would stay there until Tony released him with a word and a shift in their mutual pheromones.
Steve nods and there’s shame rushing to the fore, like it did all those years ago. He betrayed Bucky with his body. His body wouldn’t respond to Bucky at all. “My body didn’t respond. He wasn’t sane. He couldn’t think straight.”
He stands there on the walkway between lives and hopes and dreams. Between choices. “Why? Why didn’t you tell him?”
“Sure,” Steve says and hops right along with Tony. “I brought some deli meats.”
“No, not for me,” Tony says and he leaves the rest unsaid. “Come to bed with me, Sheriff, let me touch you again.” His hand slips downward and Steve wavers in his resolve as Tony caresses him. “Just stay with me.”
“As you so desire, my prince,” Steve says and gets to his knees. “But perhaps we might go to the bedroom?”
“But you’re in the Iron Man armor again,” Pepper had said and glared at him. It had been one of those icy stares that set fear in his heart a million times over. “Maybe I should just confess that I know who Iron Man is.”
“Oh, sorry,” Tony says. “Mine are too.”
“I have some new ideas on hinges and locks, you might like to review,” Tony says.
“The Omega Uprising has tarnished your thoughts,” Tony says and stands up, walking to the edge of the pool. “We need to get ready for the Council meeting. There are clothes in the presentation suite. Get dressed and put on your leathers.”
“What the fuck? You are my employee. You do not tell me what I can and cannot do in my facility.” He scanned the small observation room and went right back to his directions and commands. “Pepper download everything, all the information on this man and any others. I want to know why and how and what the fuck has been going on here for that last half century.”
“Here we go,” Tony says and navigates the shuttle toward the tiers of small ports along the huge burgeoning underbelly of the station. It looks like a glass fishbowl and Steve leans forward trying to get a better view of it. “You want to see it better?”
“Here take some water,” Tony says. He offers Steve the glass, and though his hands tremble, he grasps it and brings the straw to his lips. He remembers drinking before, he remembers how it washed over him like a baptismal of safety.
Steve pauses, just enough, just enough to drive Tony completely nuts. He whimpers and then Steve shoves in with brutal force, crushing Tony’s cock against the edge of the desk. It sends spikes of pleasure so beautiful and pure through Tony he’s about ready to tell Steve not to touch him, but then his big hand wraps around Tony’s erection and works him. It sings through Tony, tightens all of his muscles, all of his tendons, everything until he’s not breathing and then Steve whispers.
“Come on, Cap.” Tony shakes his shoulder. “Steve, come on. It’s over. We got him.”
“Why don’t we,” Tony starts then clasps Steve’s hand in his again. “Why don’t we both take the day off. You suggested I take the day off, why not both of us. We can just explore the station, go have popsicles again, eat lunch.”
Samantha agrees with a soft expression. “It will be okay. Things will work out. Are you sure you want to do this?”
Part of him commands
“Happy.”
When Steve doesn’t move immediately, Tony adds, “Rain check, darling?”
Steve came on the spot. Tony laughed and kissed the crown of his head. “How about we try position six. It’s one of my favorites. Only the best sub omega can do it. No non-sub does it.”
He refused to open his eyes; if she wasn’t there he would hurt all the more. Instead, he sank into the bonds and called out, did what seemed natural. It ricocheted back to him, yet it wasn’t him – it was Tony answering in a quiet way. There were no words or analytical thoughts, just the impression of movement and possibilities and emotion. The last comforted and offered solace. Even as Steve accepted it, his mind yanked him back – away from it. His eyes snapped open and he sat up. He couldn’t do this. He couldn’t reach out to Tony that way even though it seemed so natural, so right.
“That’s good news,” Steve says.
“But what if he didn’t?” Happy says. He halts nearly causing Steve to collide with him. He puts up his finger and repeats, “What if he didn’t?” It’s all ominous and ridiculous in Steve’s book but the serious expression on Happy’s face stops him from objecting.  “Ah! See. Now you’re thinking about it as well.”
“Want one?” She offered him the bowl.
mistake. That I’ve fallen for a client, and I’m never go to last at this, but here we are. What I need from you is not to tell me that I’m not going to get the fairy tale – I know that. But I do need from you the information that I’m betting you can supply.”
She gestures to a wooden chair that's propped in the corner. He unfolds it and sits down. He drinks the offered lemonade. He knows Pepper would say it's expected and he's damned hot. Fury offers him little sugar cookies which are store bought but still sweet on his tongue.
With a cringe, Tony shakes his head. “No. You. That. It’s weird. It’s all very weird.”
“Coulson-.”
Tony weighs the idea. His fingers tap a rhythm on the table. “Do you think we could pull it off by Labor Day?”
Coulson points through the store and into the backroom. “I could show you?”
“Yeah. No. We need to get all the information we can now,” Tony says but turns away from Bruce. He can’t face that a man who loves Steve is on his way. A man who Steve loved is coming. All this time Tony’s been fooling himself. Steve isn’t shy or naïve. He’s a man who has been loved and has loved another man. It’s only been a few short weeks. Inwardly, Tony admits his foolishness, his blind eye that he turned when Steve demonstrated a dichotomy of needs. He both wanted and shunned Tony as if he played a dual role in the relationship. As if he both wanted to pursue a relationship with Tony but felt guilty over leaving Logan. Tony tries his damnest to ignore it and forge ahead. “I’m going to get dressed and go see Steve. I’ll get JARVIS to set up a call with Richards. I want you to be on it.”
“Hey! Steve! I thought you were out of the country.”
Jarvis jumps to alertness and he disappears so quickly and Bruce appears he swears that there’s something magical about how Jarvis can do it.
“Well, that bike on the island wasn’t the only one I own.” Tony offers him a lopsided grin. Steve arches a brow at Tony, knowing full well that the man has no idea about his facial expression, but surprises are in the air tonight. “Don’t give me that look. Oh and you thought I wouldn’t know that you’re giving me that look that Pepper has perfected over the years? You’re way out of your league. Onto the Harley.”
Before he approached the window to see the monster, Tony surveyed the screens. All of the feeds were grainy and pixelated. Obviously how updated the equipment was in the observation room meant nothing when the whole place still operated on decades old technology. He could only make out a figure and Pepper stood next to him. Her face pinched, her mouth tight. Tony inhaled as if he was about to jump into deep water. He exhaled as he stepped up to the windows. Pepper followed him, her hand gripping his arm.
Tony grabs the bag off his shoulder and instead of heading toward Steve’s quarters says, “Stay with me.” He doesn’t wait for a reply but walks straight to his quarters.
Carol lifts her chin to Steve and his bags. “What ya got there, big guy?”
“His ship? Not the station quarters?” He’s not sure about the ship; they could take off at anytime and he’s stuck onboard with no way to escape.
Surprisingly a call from the side jerked his attention around to find Bruce standing next to the triage center desk. “Tony?”
“She always bought the plain ones and did the decorations herself.”
Several armed men march into the room with their leader- a bald man with a cynical eye and a sharp intelligence- at the center. He spits out a command and two of the soldiers break off from the rest. One kicks Tony to his knees, the other does the same to him. Steve follows Tony’s actions and puts his hands folded behind his head.
“Hero, comic book hero?”
“I think that would be much appreciated, though I did come by to discuss your jail.”
Steve has no idea what Tony’s apology is for, but he takes it in stride. “Do you want lunch now?”
When they slam the prison door closed, Tony races over to Steve’s side and can’t begin to account for all of the wounds or to figure out how to stop the bleeding. It takes him three hours to patch Steve up, if you can even call it that. It’s horrifying to look at Steve. The cuts, and slices all over his arms and legs. The hand prints, the knuckle injuries from fists slammed into ribs and belly. Startling colors of red and purple mark his face. He cannot even open his eyes properly. But when he does, he smiles at Tony.
“Not yet. Not yet. I’m the one in charge right now, my sweet one. Who am I?” Steve says and it feels too powerful. He’s overreached.
“You need rest,” Bruce says and goes to the bureau to pour a cup of water.
Mutual existence vanished during the human vampire wars of the late 60s and 70s, after which the V-Corps was founded. Coming out of the ice left Steve not only fighting the mental battle of culture shock in dealing with the future but also the emotional isolation of not being in step with a more and more radicalized world against vampires. He’d joined the V-Corps at Fury’s request. Fury was sympathetic to the vampire community’s cause and hated the fact that humans produced the Blight to wipe out vampires. It was only luck and good fortune that put the brakes on that policy. Steve joined the Corps in hopes of changing how things got done, changing the thoughts processes. Now, it seemed, that’d all come to naught.
“Okay. Part of the mission,” Steve says, and his voice barely sounds like his own. Tony jumps up with a certain amount of glee in his expression that Steve inwardly curses. This will not end well. He takes the box from Steve intent on putting the collar on him. Steve’s cheeks heat. They’ve done this ritual before but not like this, never like this. The collar used to mean something between them, something private and personal. Now it is a tool to be used to save Steve and his team. This is his fault. All of it is his fault. He rubs at his eyes as Tony clasps the collar around Steve’s neck.
“You did this on purpose?” Natasha asked while Fury surveyed them, watching their reactions. Steve could have bet that the man relished the idea of this
Rumlow shook his head. “No can do with the mouth restraint. It’s bolted in place. That baby has to come out with surgery.” He cranked the wrench and Tony caught sight of a trickle of perspiration dripping down from beneath the mask.
Steve wets his lips and then bows his head. He looks up at Tony, obviously steeling himself for the bad reaction with his hands folded on his belt – the classic Cap stance. “I want to tell you something that I learned.”
“Why don’t you ask him, boss?”
Tony has the scarf pulled up over his mouth but he nods and concentrates on the path, keeping an eye out for the horse’s footing. It gets uglier as they get closer to the water. The rock gets slippery with moss and old vegetation.  He needs to have the horses go single file, so he turns and gives the reins back to Tony.
“Your astral projection is linking up with ours. Steve has a pretty organized head, but right now while he’s in pain and being cared for by the doctors here, not so much. That leaves chaos.” A flash of need sparked through the bond as Bruce talked of Steve. Tony wondered if it was the same with all of the pack members; did Bruce feel this way for each of the pack? At the same time the racket running through the bonds made it difficult for Tony to parse who was giving off what signal. Tony recalled the moments after he’d touched Steve, how the triage bay around him swirled with madness. Was it mess of busy people or just the clutter of his own brain?
“Are you sure? It won’t disintegrate into a thousand of these little buggers all over the floor?” Steve reaches to the shield.
Steve snickers but it’s lacking his usual sarcastic edge. “Pepper told me about your lack of culinary skills.”
He’d just finished reciting the lines of code to Tony when he asked, “Jarvis is someone you deeply respect. He’s very protective of you.”
He realizes the truth of it. It sings through him. The bond – so long frayed – has been severed. Nothing remains. His stomach rebels and he stumbles to the toilet, vomiting up nothing but bile and blood. It’s vile and agony. The misery runs through him like a pelting sleet wrecking every part of him.
He spends a great deal of time going through all the different armor pieces, assessing the damage and trying to identify the actual event that caused such a catastrophic failure. JARVIS did report that the interface between the suit and the arc reactor implanted in Tony’s chest overloaded. In many ways, he’s lucky he didn’t fry with the suit. Before he continues his evaluation, he tugs off his shirt to examine the arc reactor. Blu picks up his head from where its laid on his paws to watch.
On top of everything else that had gone wrong with his interaction with Tony, Steve had to fess up to the fact he’d been dealing with inappropriate thoughts and dreams about his team member.  Before he’d seen Tony to reveal the awful truth about Bucky, Steve had woken up from a vibrant and realistic dream of sucking off Tony. It startled him enough that he stumbled to the shower and found himself sobbing for relief from his thick and heavy hard on. He didn’t want to touch himself. He begged for the cold water to provide him with the shock needed to make it subside. But it didn’t work.
The man stalks toward Tony. “You die now.”
He turns and notices that Tony looks small, lost, almost abused. He wants to know, has to know. “Yes?”
“One day off every seven, but I’ll come back by 7 in the evening unless I clear it with you first.” Steve is practically off the chair, but he stays seated, below Tony.
It isn’t real talking. But dream talking.
As he feels the shape of the gland he begins slicing it away from the connective tissue. The spikes of pain bring tears to his eyes again and his vision blurs. He blinks a few times and tries not to notice how bloody his hands are, how his chest is smeared with his blood. He tries not to smell the metal of it in the air. He pants through his mouth; if he smells it he might gag.
Luckily Steve’s stronger than Tony and pushes him back. “Lay down, I need to clean out the inflamed tissues and cut some of it to get this old magnet thing out.”
He heads toward the back, to his bedroom. He used to share the room with Pepper, but she’s long gone – back to California. He misses her but she’s happier now. Tony can’t blame her; she didn’t sign up to be a girlfriend of a superhero. It’s not an easy job. Plus, he’s not sure he ever treated her right, not how he should have. A boyfriend should be attentive, a boyfriend should know that his significant other is allergic to strawberries. Tony should know what the hell is wrong with Steve.
The clinical scientists in the room shifted uneasily at the turn of the conversation. The obvious hatred and competition between the two men meant nothing to Tony as he listened to how Steve had been used and abused over the last day. Had it only been a day? It could have been more – he had no idea how long he was in the cell before they brought him to the accursed roof. His spirit moved toward Steve, and thankfully, he was able to be close to his love. So close now, if he had a physical body he would have been able to touch him, lend a comforting hand, Tony saw the marks on Steve’s body. The stains of vampire bites. He wanted to scream and cry, but more than that a rage boiled inside of him. He cursed the undying corpse on the gurney, the uselessness of his wraith form, and then the hell that he must now abide as he witnessed the further desecration of his human mate and his love.
It didn’t feel like a miracle; it felt like a betrayal. He had promised to help Bucky through his ordeal and all that happened had been a fissure in their reality, in their relationship, in the very identity of who they were to one another. Bucky had promised when Steve was a thin and hopeless omega that if he’d been an alpha they would pair, they would bond. But he couldn’t – he wasn’t able to do it. He couldn’t knot Steve, and all that happened had been Bucky’s utter destruction.
Steve snaps the compass closed. “She was. She had a family, a life. It’s just my past, now.”
“I die if Tony doesn’t accept me, so there’s no difference.”
“Who do you think made them?”
He rested on the bed; his mind wheeled around like a creaking grocery cart. No matter how hard he tried it drove him around in circles. He always ended up on Steve and whether or not it was fair to have him mated. The mating bonded him to Tony. It shifted Steve’s view points of the world. That’s not to say that Steve had been an arrogant asshole and prejudice against the undead. Tony witnessed his breakdown about the world and the state of the undead himself. Yet being bound to the undead made his life more dangerous. It was illegal for any vampire to mate with a human. He knew it by heart, all human children did. It was a warning. Like the times in the old days when kids would have to do nuclear war drills and hide under their desks. It terrified children. He recalled coming home from school weeping about the evil vampires waiting to suck his blood and make him into their slave.
Tony clears his throat and crosses the meeting room to the highly polished metal table with its comfortable chairs around it. “I sit here.” He indicates the head of the table. “As Master of Security and my Omega warrior, you sit at my left. My First sits at the right. Our Captain and Master of the Fleet will sit to your left. All others will sit where they may.”
“I’m not even certain that’s a word.”
He’d ventured down the wrong path, the path toward damnation and everyone in his life will suffer because of it.  He needs to tell Tony to leave, but he can't. He's indebted to him, Doctor Banner is here because of Tony. He steels his resolve and brings his lowered gaze up to meet Tony's eyes. The sorrow and pain etched there tell a different story, a story that Steve cannot fathom. He's seen that look before, he knows that look down deep in the hollow of his bones. It's a part of him, sings out in the night like a terrible phantom, a ghost in his memories to haunt his nights and his days. As he's about to question Tony, another screech of pain splits the air like the crack and flash of a lightning bolt, and Steve glances up to the stairwell and the upper room where the doctor works.
“We stay.”
“God! A day?” Tony jumped up. “How long did you let me sleep, JARVIS? Jesus Christ!” JARVIS had the good sense not to answer Tony. “A day. No change?”
“Steve?” Bucky asks as he jogs up to the door.
. “But you turn tricks to pay for the doctors?”
“You might be right, I might be afraid,” Steve says and knows it is the truth. Even Tony’s touch, so light against his back, reminds Steve of what he needs to do, how this little haven will not last. “But I’m not stupid. You’re in no shape to travel; you forget, I saw you. I don’t even know why they let you travel from San Francisco out to here. I mean how did you get from the East, from New York City?”
Tony pulls away for only a second and nods in silent consent. They kiss again, longingly as if the kiss can’t possible give them everything they desire. Tony lingers with the kiss, tasting and touching. How did they go from team mates just hours ago, to this? And then Tony remembers the moment he used the gauntlet and Steve broke down before him. Destiny entwined them. They were meant to do this; they were meant to break so that they could come together again and be stronger for it.
Steve smiles and a blush warms his pale coloring. Tony spins around and turns to the doctors. “Well, I’m checking him out.”
“Well, everyone likes to feel good.” Steve says.
Logan chews disgustingly. He makes Tony’s stomach turn. “So, you can tap into that?”
“This is not at all like what we did with Clint,” Bruce said and then added. “Reminds me more of an intervention.”
“Oh shit!” Tony closes his eyes and bows his head. He can’t stop himself from digging his own grave.
“Crap. And the light’s almost gone. I’m going to have to start a fire after all, if I’m going to get these out. They’ll get infected if I don’t. How did you do this to yourself?” Tony lightly touches Blu’s face. The lion only moans. “Hurts? I bet. Let me see what I have to help take them out.”
“No, no you’re not, but neither are they,” he said and swallowed down the feeling of betrayal. “I’m sorry.” He need to invoke secrecy – he needed a confidant. He needed Nat.
“That sounds nice, plus I am getting the downward part of the curve for my hunger.” He finishes the potatoes and tosses them on a rack in the oven with the chicken.
“No, no, but just Steve. Is that okay?” Steve asks and he settles back into the chair as she offers it again and then takes the other chair.
“This is highly inappropriate,” Eggman says.
“But the implant isn’t close to the optical pathway.” Tony shakes his head. “You’re talking major surgery, Strange. I don’t want anyone messing with my brain.”
Coming to terms with having a label and a position in a soul pack but not actually being accepted by the Steve, the fulcrum of the pack, drained away any of the hope he mustered. Tony recognized that in his own mind he flip flopped a lot regarding what he wanted from the soul pack but especially what he wanted from Steve. It would have helped a ton if Steve showed any outward signs of welcoming Tony. Sure, Tony felt the constant presence through the soul bonds, and the twice daily pings to ensure the pack members were safe, but nothing else grew from the seed of their soul binding.  Yet standing at the crash site today and experiencing Steve reaching out, searching for his fellow pack mates changed Tony. It hurt to think he stood on the sidelines. He wanted more from this pack. He hungered for it, but how could he when the pack leader simply thought of him as disgusting?
“Big mistake. Big, big mistake.”
Nothing. Not a whisper. There’s a knock on the door and Tony goes to answer it. The service guard has a cart with several platters of food. The man offers his wrist to Tony, who taps the implant to pay. Then the guard wheels the cart into the room, doesn’t even give a glance to the omega in the corner on the rack. He bows and exits without a word. Tony looks after him and wonders if he’s going to be the only one talking tonight.
“There we go,” Tony says.
They brought back what they called
In the too close distance, the Silver Knight hears the orders of the Red Knight.
Ducking through the porthole, he winds his way through the narrow corridors. He used to dream of tinkering, playing with the innards of ships and engines. He used to dream of a lot, but his status as one of the last prime alphas and his Family name marked him and directed his life. He’s not one to complain. He actually likes being one of the Ruling Class – he doesn’t want to lose his position. Who would? Power, prestige – food to eat, clean water to drink (when he chooses to drink water), a place to lay his head without worrying about losing it. That’s security, and he likes it. He’s not a sap nor does he wear his heart on his sleeve.
Tony coughs and chokes a little. “Sledding? We – go sledding? How? There’s no.” He spins around. “There’s no sleds here.” Sledding will be the death of him. He’s sure. “Nope. Sorry to burst your bubble, sweetheart, but we cannot sled.”
“Yeah, it’s the last thing that happened. Before I went down. Before the tesseract changed me.”
Tony slumps into the chair behind his desk. He’s stopped pacing at least and stopped staring at Steve’s little hideaway. That desk was supposed to serve as Steve’s real hideaway. Where he would sit for hours with a thick heavy cock in his mouth – just the thought of it makes him drool. He swallows back his desire.
“Midnight?” Tony says and tightens his grasp. “I thought it was only afternoon.”
Steve falls down next to him, his helmet torn off. His face smeared with death; he sobs at Tony’s side. He’s bleeding, too. Probably too much blood, especially the slice on his arm. Tony can’t think straight, but he knows he won’t let Steve follow him.
“But what is that exactly?” Steve asks. “He hasn’t been to his home in a long time, he said. He’s always in space. Always fighting. Never home. What does he have to go home to? To look forward to?”
“No, she wasn’t. But,” Steve said and stopped. What was his point? “Today, you don’t see things like this as an ailment. Back then? Well, we did.” He settled back onto the chair. He let his body go lax, he needed to stop tensing up. “But my mom.” He shook his head. “She was full of surprises. She invited the bachelor gentlemen over for dinner. The ones that lived across the hallway. She did things like that. She knew more than I gave her credit for.”
Tony leans in, kisses him on the mouth and says, “Only if there’s nothing between us. No condom.”
“How long?” Tony looks up at Strange as if he can see him. “How long will I be sightless?”
“Hey, be careful. He’s injured,” Tony orders. “A wheelchair might be nice.”
“We could get a new omega,” Pep says. “It’s not too late.  We could look somewhere else instead of here on Nod.”
“Whoa. Just me,” Natasha said. She must have slipped through dimensions again.
“The pack?” Clint jumped in. “What about the team, the Avengers. Ever hear of that? We have priority. We were here first-.”
With a heave of his body against Tony, he gets the shield to move and then they drop, careering downward, over the bumps of snow, launching briefly and crashing back to the snow. Puffs of snow trail them and Tony grasps Steve close, the world a blur around them. At the last second, Steve leans toward the starboard side and they pitch around and the shield spins a little. Tony gasps and then shield flies down the rest of the slope only coming to a stop when Steve digs his heels into the snow causing drag.
The moment lost, Tony asks for iced coffee. He spends the rest of the day working with Friday and Steve on the artificial intelligence upgrades and the smart street applications. Later, when dinner is done and they are sitting in front of the fireplace, Tony relaxes with a brandy.
Pepper chimes in. She clacks across the tiled floor. “First thing is you need to wear shoes that make sounds. Those will never do.” Tony stands to the side as Pepper goes through the basics. “Tony will never use the walking stick out in public. He will use the glasses, but as he said the glasses aren’t a permanent solution. You will be walking with him. He will tune to you.”
Wong exhales, loudly and irritably. “This is true. The computer algorithm that should teach them isn’t as sophisticated as we would like. Hank is resistant to change it. He’s had good successes outside of the biomedical arena so he’s focusing there.”
The last night with Tony helped. It shifted his view. A bit. But miracles were fantasy, and recovery was a process. He knew that. He saw enough of his father’s generation come home from World War I mad with shell shock. It took time, a commodity that none of them had to spend these days.
With that Tony confronted Steve. “Well, Cap, what do you say? You sprained your wrist and now we’re all in a mystical, magical, wolf pack together?”
“I don’t know what the fuck you’re talking about,” Tony spat at him. But he knew. He remembered Howard bringing him to the labs. At twelve years old and on the verge of teenage rebellion, Tony with his genius and brilliance presented a hard child for Howard to raise. Tony’s mother tended toward a softer approach while Howard either totally forgot that Tony was alive or spent hours lecturing and sometimes hitting Tony to get him to follow the rules. Things changed at ten though. Howard welcomed Tony with open arms, started to reveal parts of the business to Tony. It felt as if he’d been welcomed to a long closed off secret club.
“Lieutenant…”, Steve started to disagree, but the man gave him no chance.
In his self imposed isolation, Tony went through all the possible outcomes for the Loki incident, as he was calling it inside his head. Best case scenario, Steve would get his memories back and they would resume their relationship. Worst case scenario, his partner would never remember their relationship and Tony would spend the rest of his life alone. And then there were the other options: maybe Steve would remember him but realize he didn’t actually love Tony, so he would leave him; or Steve would never get his memories back, would find out about his previous relationship with Tony and fall in love with him again (
“Are you sure? You sound weird. It’s okay if you didn’t like it”.
The man took a step closer to Tony, who instinctively took a step back. “Your mother… Fragile, easy to kill. Just little squeeze on neck, that was all it took”, he smiled when he saw the Tony clenching his jaw, his eyes hardening with the confession, “Your father… I had to punch him… Again… and again… and again…” he said, in a mocking tone.
“So, let me get this straight”, Tony snorted at the last word, but Steve ignored him, “your lawyer thinks we should get married so it’ll be easier for us to fight these lawsuits?”
“Holy crap, she just walked!” Steve exclaimed with a huge smile.
“I still don’t get it”.
“This is Romanov”.
“We’re just trying to help”, Sam pitched in, giving Steve a small smile.
Steve nodded with a smile, before turning his back and going to the bathroom to change, completely missing the way Tony checked him out when he did.
“It’s breaking my heart too”, Tony whispered to himself, checking the missed call on his cell phone.
Bucky, now having everyone’s undivided attention, showed them the chain with the dog tags and the ring.
“I know that”, Tony replied with a sigh, sitting down next to Steve, “I know that. But it won’t matter because people like that, people with money, with power, they don’t give a fuck about that, Steve. They want to keep the status quo and they will do anything to keep themselves in power. Trust me, I grew up in this world, I know what I’m talking about”.
“And then you told Thor and T’Challa and Natasha and everybody else to, what, flirt with me in front of Steve?”
“What I’m saying is… There is no way for the company to recover unless I have the best of the best; and that’s you! So I’m willing to pay whatever you want”.
“So… Which one of you is it?”
And just like that, Tony began to excitedly talk about his project, very nearly forgetting the storm that still raged outside.
The blush of excitement colored Steven’s chest and cheeks. “Something more?” His adam’s apple bobbed and he swallowed.
“I guess you were never a myth, huh?” Tony whispers and then his stomach growls. He doesn’t remember the last time he ate anything substantial. Glancing at the dead deer, he grimaces and moves slightly away from it.
“How,” he murmurs. He glances up at Blu. It shocks him then that this isn’t Blu at all. “What – you’re not Blu-.”
Tony shook his head. “I don’t think so, but I’m only just learning myself.”
“Well then I’ll take that,” Steve agrees.
“So how did you see me, when you chased me? How did you-.” He remembers the cliffs. His beast, the ride toward the end of the line. “How?”
Tony made a small hmm sound and then tilted his head as he examined the brand, both the wristlet and the swirl with the green dagger representing Bruce. After a full minute, Steve sighed and said, “Are you going to do it or not?”
“Are you going to be okay if I go?” Natasha said but didn’t allow him to answer. She pressed her hand against his shoulder, gripping it and giving him some strength. “You don’t have to do any of this alone. You’ve come a long way figuring things out in the future. Look, you even have a cell phone
Steve smiles. “You’re welcome.”
“Well, finish off. I’m going to get your snow pants and parka.”
“I found something,” Tony says and stands, leaving Steve to gather himself together. He hopes to hell he didn’t say anything.
Maybe going with Thor had been a bad idea. He wakes up the next morning in his small attic apartment with Thor resting his head on Steve’s belly and a throbbing headache. Steve rubs at his face. His tongue sticks to the roof of his mouth and tastes like he licked New York sidewalks. He gags a little. Pushing Thor off his stomach (who only grumbles), Steve tries to get up, fails, and then stumbles to his feet. The room crashes at him like he’s in the trash compactor scene in Star Wars. He tastes bile which makes his tongue even more disgusting.
“I didn’t expect this. I didn’t know I could do this,” Steve said. “I wasn’t planning on it. Not today. I thought maybe sometime in the distant future. I thought it was wrong for so long.”
Tony scowls but follows the doctor’s orders. Steve watches and tries to be dispassionate and disconnected but he fails miserably in the first seconds as Strange removes Tony’s glasses. He hands them back to Steve who has to jump up and take them from the doctor. Tony sits, his body tightly closed, curled over itself. His shoulders hunch forward and he crosses his legs at the ankles.
Both of them pull away at the same time. Panting against each other, Steve holds Tony fiercely. “I don’t want to know. Please, God, don’t tell me.”
Steve frowned but Tony answered. “In a bit.”
As they unbind him and remove the leads and other tubes, he lies there in a kind of stupor. His mind flashes back to the Retreat room with Tony, the kiss, and how he felt at that moment. Raw, open, wounded. Then his mind brings him vividly back to the bunker in Siberia. His own words ringing through his head as he tried to convince Tony not to kill Bucky. As he thrust the shield down into the arc reactor to once and for all stop Tony. That’s all he wanted to do, stop him. He’d blown off Bucky’s arm, kicked him in the face with an armored boot. Even now the pain and angry and sorrow races through him.
Steve refuses to indicate the correct one. He folds his arms. He’s in control of the coffee. It’s his stuff, so only he can will the coffee to appear in the thermos.
Thinking of Tony brings on a mix of emotions from the need for Steve to be by his side to the memories of Tony shooting off Bucky’s arm. Everything hurts when he thinks of Tony. But the fact remains that he was – is no longer bonded to Tony because of the dissection of his gland by the mad scientists. When he finally found Bucky again, his biology reared its ugly head and he could not defy it any more than he could throw back the force of the tides. What his body signaled to him, he might very well take to the grave. He doesn’t want to think about it now, and instead, he heads toward the mating blocks.
“And I can honestly say when you came along, my vision of the vamps changed,” Clint said. “I finally got it. I wanted to be a better person, to make things better, to show the world that tolerance and peaceful coexistence was possible.”
He considered them. They were his family now. He’d left behind the memories of being human when he transformed. It was about survival. This wasn’t a game, not anymore. “Sure.”  He stood there as they left the room and the sense of betrayal hung heavy in the air.
Tony licks at Steve’s hole, inserting his tongue alongside his three fingers. Steve’s hips thrust uncontrollably.
“Then down you go,” Steve says and gives him a playful shove. Tony drops to the bed almost like the words and motions of Steve mesmerize him. “Lie back. I’m going to prop you up with some pillows. If you don’t do this often, I want it to be pleasurable.”
“’Meet the Iron Man himself, Blacksmith, Inventor, and Millionaire for hire – cheap.’” Next to the illustration of a hideous monstrosity of a mechanical man made of iron is contact information and rates. The cost is ridiculously low. “Why?”
“You know what really hurt about this whole thing,” Tony had said to him after the anger surrounding the truth about how his parents died dissipated. Steve stayed mute because Tony talking to him had become a rarity like an ancient clay pot. A beautiful treasure lost in time.
Steve reaches out and lifts the helmet. “Then you won’t mind me taking this off of you.”
It shuddered and surrendered to the inevitable.
“When you get back, who will you be? You’ll be different.”
“It’s not going to change anything I already said,” Tony replies and then adds, “So, if you all don’t mind, I need to speak to Steve. Where is he?”
Steve gestures for Natasha, who is waiting on the ramp of the newly retrofitted Commando, to show the Stark party into the ship. She nods but has a slightly downturned look to her expression. He reads it and signals her that he understands.
“We must,” Frigga says.
Steve cuddles close to Tony, fingering the one long line in his face. “I like your wrinkles; I like the lines of your face.” He doesn’t say how much better it looks than the augmentation facial fixes he’s seen.
“Up.”
Steve shrugs as if he’s trying to work off the attention. “Just some doodles. The independent comic book company I do free-lance for happened to be really pleased with my work on their launch books, so they said if I came up with a storyline and some sketches they might consider doing a book.”
“Well, where else?”
“Steven, this is not a trick nor is it magic. It is soup. Please drink. My son spoke only good things of you so I am certain you would know his dead mother is not lying to you.”
“That recluse, I thought he only invited people of a certain class to come calling.”
A read out on the phenomena of soul packs scrolled past. Steve gulped down the panic as he read it.
The faster they find the Passage in each level or rim, the better as far as Steve is concerned. He doesn’t want to play games; he wants to get the job done and get on with confronting Ross. They don’t have time for this hogwash and playing games. He stalks back to Tony and Clint ready to confront him when he finds himself standing in the middle of a bedroom with Tony. There’s a full bed with a light rose colored comforter. Lace curtains blow in the deep summer night air. It’s fully dark outside.
Tony strokes as he speaks, “I understand I’m a stranger to you. That this is akin to non-consensual, but according to the law you are mine-.”
Even Sam whistled in disbelief at the design and layout of the apartment. “He really got you down to a T.”
“No need, I’m coming in,” Sam says over the communications.
“You listen to me, Captain, he is alive. Tony did this, he escaped. I don’t know how, but he did. So we’re going to check the surrounding areas or so help me God you fuckers can walk back to the fucking base and I’ll do it myself, do you understand?”
“Or maybe he’s just cheating scum”.
The Avengers looked at each other, confused.
“Good to finally meet you, Stark”.
“You’re a dumbass who has no sense of self-preservation”, Bucky corrected him, sitting on one of the chair. “So, I’m guessing the date went well”.
“What exactly did the will say?”
“Don’t worry about it”, Tony interrupted Steve with a smile, “I’m an eccentric billionaire, it’s what we do. Now, why don’t we have the wedding here? The place is absolutely beautiful, my PA got married here. I’m sure she would love to organize the whole thing for you”.
Tony nodded. “That actually sounds like something Loki would do”.
There had been a camera right there on the crime scene. It should have recorded the whole accident, but it had mysteriously ‘not worked’ that night. The fact that the cops hadn’t bothered to thoroughly investigate the matter told Jessica that some palms had obviously been greased. The missing footage, on the other hand, told her that something must have happened between the moment Stark lost control of the car and the moment they hit that tree, something suspicious enough that they had to get rid of the evidence. And that was a very good start.
Steve stopped for a second with a fake pensive look, “I think I actually prefer to be Catwoman in this scenario”. There was silence, and then, “You’re picturing me in a Catwoman suit, aren’t you?”
“Well, from the information we have, Howard Stark had a previous will made when Tony was born. Then, years later, he canceled the previous will by making a new one. You were twenty at the time, is that correct?”
There was blood everywhere, on the walls, on the furniture, on the floor, but no bodies. Steve could hear the wet, squishy sound of his boots every time he took a step, the metallic smell filling his nostrils, making him grimace. With his Shield still up and ready to face any threats that might appear, he walked alongside Tony, and followed closely by Natasha and Clint, until they were in the middle of the big, well-lit lounge.
“It wasn’t that long”, he came closer to the bed, sitting down on the edge, “How are you?”
“Well, it was one year ago and we were sitting in this exact table, all of us. Well, expect for Rhodey ‘cause he had explosive diarrhea”.
“Good evening, Mario. How’s business?”
“Let’s focus”, Natasha called their attention, “So, we’re agreed? We’ll send Jessica Jones to Malibu to investigate, discreetly”.
“The explosion was
“Good, good. Come, sit, we have a special menu just for you”.
“There are some videos, let me just…”
“Yeah, man. Yeah, you really did”.
, Tony asked, all polite, just how Jarvis had thought him. The little girl shook her head and walked towards the tree, sitting down on the shadow. Once more, Tony shrugged and continued playing, completely ignoring the little girl as she stared at him in awe.
“Listening to a madman and not announcing yourself is the height of rudeness.” Tony swings his arm around as if to push the shade of his hallucinations away. Maybe he’s still on the side of the road and he’s conjured the lion and this misfit of a man to comfort him. Still why this guy? Why not one of his teenage crushes like Captain America.
Steve is quiet as they ride the elevator.
Instead of making Steve feel entirely embarrassed, Tony sits up and pulls Steve up with him. He kisses him, lovingly tasting the musk on Steve’s lips. “We need some lube, but I really didn’t travel with any. So we’ll have to skip that part for now. You can blow me. Do you want me to blow you?”
Silently, he curses super soldier hearing and ends up in his room trying on the outfit. It’s not bulky at all like he would imagine most winter weather clothes. Instead, it feels the way it looks. Sleek, trim, almost like what speed skiers wear in the Olympics. He assesses himself in the full length mirror attached to the back of the bathroom door. He likes the way his ass looks.
“Tell him you have me, then you set the rules,” Steve says. “There’s no way he’ll give up the chance to get me back. As soon as I came into the realm, he could have put me in the Chambers Below. He didn’t. He wanted to use me, to watch me venerate him all these years. Now-.”
Bullets ping against the armor. It takes too long for JARVIS to stabilize the thrusters and calculate the load, but they get in the air, wobbling as they do. The lion goes slack in his arms. “Freeze arms, JARVIS.”
“Apparently, he didn’t,” Natasha said. She looked him up and down. He was only in his boxer shorts – Steve was nude. “Get one of the uniforms from the V-Corp agent and put Steve on the gurney.” She marched away from him. She went to the door and consulted with Clint.
“My lord?” Steven replies and there’s a look not of distrust but disbelief.
“So you’re arresting me?” Steve states. He’s not surprised but sadness overcomes him. It isn’t like he should be disappointed. Even though Tony might love him, animosity remains a tough emotion to reconcile.
CHAPTER 16
“We don’t need to create it,” Tony says. “The other reality is a pocket universe already. We just have separate it.”
He scans the room, pats down his bathrobe, and shakes his head. “I don’t even know what the fuck I’m going to wear yet!”
“Now, what’s this all about Anthony?” Jarvis had asked as he set a hot mug of cocoa and a plate of cookies on the table.
“Tony?” Sam asks.
Tony grunts nearly growling. “No! You don’t get to do that. You don’t get to apologize this time. I’m apologizing. I read the situation wrong and I took advantage of it and your vulnerability. I’m sorry. Now don’t apologize again. Well, not about this at least. But thank you for not comparing me to my father, but no apologizing.”
Steve slips in and Tony locks the door after him. The room isn’t spacious, but it has a double bed, a small table by the bed and opposite the bed is a flat screen television. Across the cabin Steve spots a door that opens to a cramped bathroom.
Well, I made it on time...and thanks to thegraytigress for the beta read. She had a lot on her plate this week and still managed to do it! So thank you!
“Packing up? I will miss you, Anthony.”
Tony falls silent again, his glasses hanging from his fingertips as he bends over and has his elbows on his knees. The defeat and shock emanate off him in slow aching waves. Steve settles next to him and gently takes the precariously held glasses out of his hand. He places a hand on his shoulder. In a quiet voice Tony says, “I need time to think.”
Tony shivered under his touch and a single blood tear trailed down his cheek. “Tell me what you see?”
“Hey, I read Popular Mechanics.” Tony frowns at Logan, but the X-man shrugs and adds, “It’s very soothing.”
Dressed in the simple blue tunic (not the one he has to wear in the pods in the Brothel) with white drawstring pants, Steve collects everything he needs and stuffs it into a small cloth bag. He slings it to his hips and then follows JARVIS directions to the workshop/workroom area.
“God, you’re like a kid at Christmas.” Steve relents because he has no other choice, really. He takes the lead down the stairs and guides Tony to the kitchen instead of the ground floor laboratory. “First, we eat.”
“They even have the stems on them,” Steve says as they both settle back in their chairs. “How did the chef?”
Steve doesn’t turn this time to look at her. Instead he stares into the long hallway into the transport building where he’ll take a monorail to the mating blocks. He’s heard the blocks in Wakanda are nice, civil places. He’s not worried, he’s not scared – there’s not a frightened bone in his body, anyhow.
Fucking into Tony, bending him against the wall, spending himself into Tony’s tight ass. So hot, so constricting, so fucking tight. He presses the heel of his hand against his cock, trying to stop himself from exploding into his pants. God, he’s not a teenager and his boss needs him. He has to get it under control, but his heart won’t stop galloping in his chest and his erection feels heavy, thick against his inner thigh. It’s been so long.
Tony might have swallowed his tongue. Captain America just used the word cozy. Has he stepped into an alternative reality? “Are you okay?” He gulps back the words – he hadn’t meant to say them out loud.
Steve stares at the pot and then back at Tony. Bewilderment is not an emotion Steve is familiar with. “Hmm, okay?”
Over the next hour, they talk sparingly, but Tony finds it easy and peaceful. He gazes out the glass doors watching the birds flitter about the bare trees. There’s a tree with berries on it that the birds pick at and flutter away with their treats. He doesn’t think he’s ever just sat and breathed, watched the world go by without worry about it. Of course, he admits to himself that niggling thoughts in the back of his mind prickle and poke through, but there’s something about the intimacy with Steve that changes his perspective. He’s never known this kind of closeness, where he feels perfectly comfortable. His worries melt away and he becomes – he is – he is just breathing, being.
. Steve notices Von Doom leaving and can’t help but snicker. But Tony’s not done yet.
Pepper doesn’t question him when he arrives in California again and he doesn’t look like he slept for weeks. He probably hasn’t. He feels jittery and broken. He’d been on the East Coast to go to DC and stop them from trying to take the Iron Man armor away from him. It isn’t happening. If they take the armor, Tony has nothing left, but how can he tell them anything? They don’t understand that one of the richest men in the world, is actually the poorest man. He feels like a fake.
“Hmm?” Steve drags himself further to wakefulness.
The words startle Steve, surprise him enough that he’s across the small confined area in seconds and has Bucky’s shirt twisted in his hands and his back shoved up against the wet stone wall. It never flickers with electricity. He pushes his arm into the doppelganger’s throat. “Tell me what you know.”
He stripped and got the shower running. He stood under the powerful heads(because he had four – why wouldn’t he?). The water hit him and he grew numb from it. He stared down at his penis and wanted to call it a traitor because what the hell was going on? Taking in a deep inhalation, Tony decided the best thing to do was to chant the damned Mantra and see the Caped Wonder the earliest he could.  He needed to get this soul bond shit under control and get some finesse to his understanding of what Beloved meant.
