“Dean?” Castiel asked. He stopped mid-air, pouting.
“You were telling me about a fight you had.”
“Burn them,” Castiel answered.
“...What?”
"Just last weekend," said Marcy.
“No. You’ll show me the way to it. I’ll let you go the moment I have the gold,” he said. “A fair trade. Your life, for my hookers and cheddar.”
“Me too,” said Dean. “And I have some hunting business Bobby wanted me to take care of.”
Marcy nodded. "It's beautiful," she said. "And it gives me more space to work on my art."
“I guess I was worried it bothered you,” said Dean.
“You have a second floor balcony?”
Castiel turned to look at him. Slow. Unimpressed. “Hello.”
Ten minutes passed, and Dean still hadn’t come out. The kid staring at Castiel made him uncomfortable.
And if all the things Dean faced had met an angry Winchester before, then wait until they meet him.
“As soon as possible. I’m thinking tomorrow morning.”
“I’ll take it.”
“That’s incredible.”
Marcy's mouth fell into a small gape. Dean coughed.
“That’s great, dad,” he said reluctantly. “Listen- do you think you could clean up around here?”
he wrote back.
Gordon stopped abruptly in the middle of the hall, making a chain of three people walk into each other behind him. “You got a problem?”
“No,” he answered quickly, trying to come up with an excuse. He didn’t need Dean to see his big house, or his fancy car, or his father passed out on the living room armchair. It was also a little too soon for the George Washington poster conversation, he figured. He wasn’t sure quite how desperate Dean was about making his friend, but the Washington poster certainly wasn’t going to give him any Cool Guy points.
“Fine,” Dean threw his hands in the air.
For a while, no one said a word. Castiel thought it over.
Dean nodded. “Then I hope you’ve been practicing your fight moves, because you really suck-“
Inside the car was warm, and again, oddly clean. But it had initials etched into the dashboard and the glove compartment was open, with old papers and dozens of cassettes practically spilling out of it (Dean leaned in to close it when they entered). He’d never been in a car that felt – or smelled – like home, before.
Skipping down the stairs two at a time, he arrives at a neighbor’s door and knocks on it.
“Thanks.” Dean stood up and kissed the top of his head before going for a round two against the drawer. “Watch the baby.”
The demon answered after four rings.
“I’d say after seeing a homicidal monster try to kill your brother in my brother’s living room, I believe you,” he said.
“I’m not even going to argue,” He said and tried to refocus on his schoolwork. Dean shifted on the bed behind him.
On that, he would admit, his mind was right. He was afraid. He was afraid because this has been going on for months and neither him nor Cas had ever made a move to make it something more than a longlasting fling. He was afraid that to Cas this was something meaningless, because that was how it had started and they'd never spoken about making it anything more.
“I…” Dean tried, but failed.
Dean’s shirt smelled somewhat like fresh laundry and a lot like him. There wasn’t a smell in the world he liked better.
“Have someone else remind you five times?”
“I’m decent, you butthole,” Dean spat out.
Michael paused. “You haven’t heard?” he asked. “I’m surprised. Father made sure we were all informed, and that we all felt bad enough about it, too.”
“So why don’t you tell me why you’re here?”
“Nope.”
“It was there before we left.”
“We already did the first assignment, so I guess you’ll have to hand in two next week. You just need to write a poem.”
He looked at Cas hopefully. Cas looked at the coupon. The coupon looked at Dean’s palm (it was facing down).
“We are now.”
“Where?”
On Dean’s other side, Sam squinted. “Not just whiskey,” he noted. "Practically the most expensive brand."
Bobby wiped his hands on a towel and shook Castiel’s hand. “Nice to meet you, son.”
“I found the perfect match,” he whispered. Dean’s eyebrows furrowed. “For Cas,” Garth went on. “I think I actually found his soulmate.”
Again.
“They're pushing me to pick a bride.”
“Look at the way he’s standing,” he said.
“Of course not,” he said. His voice came out a little high. Dean looked at him suspiciously. And then the phone buzzed.
“Dean.”
“Hold on,” he said. “Is this why you were being so weird yesterday?”
“Well, between staying home wearing pajamas, or being anywhere else,
The brief touch didn’t make butterflies jump in his stomach. It didn’t make his throat dry. It was just the opposite – safe. Warm, comfortable. Painfully natural.
“No. Jesus. Just put them in the recycling pile.”
One thing could not be denied: they’d caught Dr. Hanscum’s attention. And it seemed to increase when Dean said:
“But I said no take backs!” Dean smiled, and put a hand on his waist. “Speaking of, are you sure your dad is okay with this?”
“Listen, I just came here to let you know it's that weird guy from apartment seven's birthday in two weeks and we're all pitching in twenty bucks to buy him a present."
“Cas- Jesus, will you please try to not slaughter my guys?” Dean called as Castiel stabbed Balthazar’s chest.
He sat down between his brothers.
“We are not doing this.” Dean crossed his arms over his chest.
But Dean looked too nervous for it to be a satanic rituals class. It seemed like he thought it was something entirely different. And surely, a moment later, Ms. Mills made eye contact with him, tilting her chin towards him and waving him over.
Dean glared.
there’s a difference.”
“Every two year old can say ‘two’.”
Dean’s forehead creased. “Thirty two point four?”
“Corgis?” Asked Jo. “I fucking love ‘em.”
Sam glanced at him, and turned to Dean. “I was just telling Cas the story about how you were nervous of your first day of elementary school so you ate an entire Ben & Jerry’s container and then barfed on your first grade teacher during reading time."
April had a Fun Mom energy, which was weird, because she was seventeen. Behind her, someone stepped inside and stood awkwardly by the door.
When the hell did he
“I heard that,” he grumbled back.
Around them, all hell broke loose. Castiel couldn’t see what was happening beyond the table, but they couldn’t possibly have more than a minute. He needed to get Dean back, get his mind back quick. Snap him out of it… Make him remember.
“Oh, there’s Anna.” Meg waved her hand. “Anna, guess what!”
In a split second, his blade was in his hand, and he turned around. The shifter was quicker than him, gripping his arm and holding it back, the sharp edge an inch away from his face. Castiel hooked his foot around its ankle and yanked, causing it to lose its balance. It tumbled backwards, but instead of letting Castiel’s arm go, it held him tighter, and his arm was pulled forward until the blade almost impaled the shifter’s throat on its own. The creature let him go dreadfully, but yanked his other hand, so that Castiel was the one to lose his balance now and he stumbled to the floor. He felt a fist hit his jaw and opened his eyes to see his blade lying on the floor, between them. The creature lurched to grab it, dropping it immediately and hissing as it burned its palm.
Dean turned to look at him. He hesitated.
“Any chance you know his password?” He asked.
For no apparent reason, Dean seemed to find Castiel’s stories only more and more fascinating. And when he found a story particularly interesting, he would take a break from whatever they were doing to sit down and watch Castiel speak. On better days, a couple of enthralled crewmates would join in to listen. On others, Dean would sit closely and stare at him for as long as he spoke. Castiel didn’t like the fact that he found it harder to form a thought the closer Dean sat, nor did he appreciate the green, distracting flare in his eyes. He didn’t like it, but he felt Dean and himself growing on each other like a custom-tailored glove.
“You’ve shot guns since you were
“It is,” said Dean. “What are you thinking?”
He climbed onto the bus, settling in a seat at the front. And maybe he hoped that Dean – standing in the aisle in line to take a seat – would take the seat next to him, but someone beside him coughed and said,
Outside the gym, in the hallway leading to the front door of the building, he caught up to Cas.
“Jared, is it?” said Castiel. “Is your crotch feeling okay?”
wearing my sweater.”
Something about that made him uncontrollably irritable. Not just today, but for a while now. Something about the lack of feeling that they had both agreed on pre-relationship, if you could call whatever this was a relationship, like they’d signed some invisible contract to not make a big deal out of it. Something about that just pissed him off.
“Point is,” said Dean, looking at the two of them hesitantly. “Prom is stupid. And we won’t be here.”
Okay, you couldn’t really tell something like that about someone from just one hour spent together. But he took a shot based on limited data. And it made Cas’ eyes go soft in a way that suggested it meant more to him than he tried to let on.
A minute later Ms. Mills walked into class, and after her, Dean.
And so, the first chapter in another long and tiring month began. And if change was there - Castiel didn’t notice it at all.
Standing in a kissing booth and kissing people for eight hours didn’t seem like such a bad idea at first. He was young and single and bisexual, and most people at an all-night-long fair were just like him. The line for the kissing booth was just a filtered version of the crowd that only involved single, desperate people – just like him. So for one night, he agreed to take on the job of making out with dozens of strangers and forgetting completely about student loans and rent and home and Cas. Kissing strangers turned out to be a magnificent cure for being unable to stop thinking about your crush.
“Dead people can pick up after themselves,” she answered.
“What?”
And then it hit him, in the form of a dark haired, blue eyed student sitting at the back of the classroom.
Dean shook his head. “‘I had a great time’, ‘I’d love to do this again’, ‘your eyes look beautiful in the moonlight. No ‘thank you’.”
“Do you know each other?” Bobby asked.
“Start-of-spring break,” Sam replied finally, desperately, as though he knew how flimsy his answer was.
Dean gestured around them. “In this dump?”
For a moment Dean imagined himself shushing her.
No,” Cas protested. “I was studying.” His hand flew in a wide bow to gesture at a desk, on which a pile of books rested. An open notebook sat there with crooked pages. Dean eyed is suspiciously, then he eyed Cas’ hair.
This one had the three of them sitting on the grass in the front yard.
If not for the overwhelming volume of teen noises inside, this house would have been eerie. In the dark, the exterior looked decayed and untended. The interior looked like Dean’s nightmares about being ripped apart by hellhounds and going to hell.
“Dean.” Cas placed a hand on his back, between his shoulder blades, and he wanted to shake it off so badly that he almost thought he could break the door down if he tried. That was how bad he hated getting hurt. Being trapped inside this hurt.
“Yeah,” said Dean, hugging his shoulders. “Of course I do. Oh, God. Thank you.”
“Oy,” Castiel called. The man startled and plummeted to the ground, a good measure of breadsticks and chocolate candies collapsing on him from the shelves.
Glaring at someone to his left, Gordon let go of Dean’s shirt and backed off.
“Fine,” said Dean. “Get to your point.”
Castiel’s tone hardened. “I don’t think we should tell him yet.”
“There’s something I need to ask you,” he said, swimming closer to it than he’d ever dared before. The creature watched him peacefully. “Do you understand?”
“Yeah, I’m fine.”
“A lot of people make it just fine without a college degree,” said Dean, but it came out much weaker than he’d probably intended.
He sat down of the sofa with Cas to his one side and Claire to the other. Claire grabbed the remote, and Dean opened one of the pizza boxes and handed Cas a slice with a soft, mildly-reluctant smile.
And suddenly he realized how absurd this scene was, the two of them talking about apartments when five minutes ago he wasn't even thinking about moving, how absurd it was that this felt natural. It felt right.
“Or not,” said Castiel. “Okay. Whatever you want. I’m in.”
It was only when she pulled away that Castiel looked down and asked, “Are you going out?”
“You can’t call me that. I gave you a house.”
“So what car do you ride?” Asked Andy, and everyone turned to Dean.
When he spoke again, his voice sounded even smaller.
“I’ll see myself out,” Dean muttered and stood up. His chair dragged across the floor and made a horrible screech.
Dean heaved his knife into the air, and then back down, all the while not tearing his eyes from Castiel’s. Castiel’s fingers were cold and oversensitive, as if an electric current was going through them. He felt the air by his face moving as Dean’s arm sliced through it. And then he felt nothing.
“Charlie. Focus. This is important. I’m bored.”
They sat down at the dining table with Dean’s laptop and browsed for couches. Castiel’s eyes wandered off every few moments. The first floor alone was bigger than their old apartment, and now it was dark and dimly lit by a couple of yellow light bulbs.
“Alright,” said Dean, and it came off defensive. He stood up. “I’m gonna make coffee.”
“No offense, doc, but I think we all agree on that,” said Dean.
“Where’s all this blood from?” Dean asked as Castiel was returning to the kitchen with the bandages.
He lifted the card in his hand. “Um. Yes.”
“We live together,” he helped.
“Just the way she’s been looking at you,” he said. Dean snorted.
“Yeah,” said Castiel slowly. “Our anniversary trip.”
“So what is he like?” And they all looked at her now.
Dean glanced at his father, finally listening. The hesitation in his eyes as they skipped to his brother and then to the floor was unmistakable.
“But- you just said you don’t like parties.”
It was perfectly normal here.
“Oh. No, it died.” Dean looked down at his card.
They sat down on the bed again.
“If I knew you,” Dean said in that “I’m being very patient right now but I’m secretly thinking about ways to accidentally step on you” tone, “I would be avoiding eye contact and letting you pass by, then spending the rest of my evening anxious about whether you saw me harassing strangers.” He held his hands palms-up. “Why did you ask that?”
"They're lovely," he said. "Really capture the essence of... Butter."
“Her face lit up when you came in,” Cas said, his voice closer now, like he was facing Dean. Dean kept looking at the stars insistently. “But when she saw me, she looked like the air had been blown out of her.”
“Tell him no.”
“I think he knew exactly what he was doing,” said Dean. He’d long stopped telling people where he worked when they asked.
“I guess we can make the trip another day,” he said to Dean.
None of those seemed like acceptable answers.
“No,” he replied immediately. Too quick.
They did.
“In that case,” Cas scratched his chin in a way no one actually did unironically in real life. Somehow he made it work. “Warm milk.”
Castiel nodded, which only seemed to make Sam more confused.
Being home wasn’t any better. It was a living shrine to Dean, to everything they’d worked for. His clothes. The coffee mugs. The goddamned floorboards.
“You don’t have to pretend. I appreciate the sentiment, though.”
And it all depended on whether Dean would let go.
Now, he was standing in front of her door, trying to gather the energy to care. About anything; his outfit, what other people thought when they saw him, being civil enough for it to be considered polite.
“What kind of prom is it if you don’t even get to get drunk?” Dean asked as they took the stairs to his apartment.
It didn’t change a thing.
He bent over to see Dean through the window. “We’re picking Sam up, too.”
“Curious?” Said a voice behind him, and the book slipped from his hands and hit the carpet floor with a soft thump. He rushed to pick it up and turned around.
“Stole it from my brother,” said Dean. “He’d kill me if he knew I know he has it.” He glanced around nervously, just to have somewhere else to look. “It’s gonna be a shame not to be able to see this place while being here.”
“Hold on,” said Garth. “You live with that person?”
"Why does she have to be an active member of the student council?" He muttered as they crossed the rose arch.
And here was a question he’d been asking himself, and had no answer for. And as burning as curiosity was, he imagined it was the kind of question everything would change once he asked.
“Drinking vodka punch.”
“You sent me shopping,” Castiel argued, his confusion increasing.
"I miss him too," Dean said distractedly, but he was getting nervous. He had an idea of where this was going, and he didn't like it one bit. “Cas, listen, I don’t think this is-”
“Tell Dean he’s a-” Meg started, but he hung up.
He thought about that, lying on one of the empty benches of the school stadium.
“We need to get out of these caves,” Dean answered. “And to the ship, somehow. And grab Sam.”
good enough for Cas.
He didn't know what to say. "I don't know."
“You shouldn't be. I was an asshole,” Dean said. "Not my proudest moment."
Claire turned to him. "How old were you guys in this?"
Cas stared at him for a moment, then dropped his head on the pillow. “Y’don’t make any sense today.”
On the other side of the line, there was silence. He couldn’t tell whether it meant Cas was bored or anxious.
Dean was gone. And in his absence, someone had to fill the space. Someone had to make the tough decisions, to deal with the consequences, to take care of his family.
for something wrong with them, a reason to break it off. How Cas looked up to him, to his dating choices. How he’d gotten this reputation among his friends of someone who had a way around the ladies. This reputation he’d created for himself by relentlessly going out on dates, showing interest in anyone but who he was really interested in. And what stopped Cas from seeing him this way, except he himself?
“I can’t believe you didn’t tell us!” Jo hissed at him.
“Hold on. Are you just going to come at me like this? How do I know you're not armed?”
This end-of-school day was extra special for Castiel: it marked the end of his junior year. And being a senior was about to have its perks: for once, everyone in the hallways respected you more, which meant they feared you more, too. And no one took anything seriously anymore, so he could sleep through his classes and no one would care.
“Used to,” he said. “It was a proper fight, yelling so loud the neighbors could hear, punching and everything. Michael slammed me against the wall and started his whole ‘I could kill you right now, you never did us any good’ thing. I asked, ‘do you think I'm afraid of you?’”
“See?” she leaned back with a smile, as if she was the one who won this round. Wait, was she? “It’s all a matter of perspective.”
was confused.
“This being us moving in together, or him living here alone?”
He also didn’t seem interested in Dean.
“It’s an essay,” Dean fumed. “Of course it’s long. Look, I don’t have time for this. I need to… converse with people.”
“What’s going on?” He asked discreetly.
"Because we never go out?" Said Dean. "And I don't wanna miss it if it's gonna really suck and we can go and laugh at it?"
He looked around him. Dean was too far away; he’d have to create a distraction.
“Hi?” Said Castiel hesitantly. Dean focused on him again, pulling him inside the house.
That’s… Well. He didn’t even remember this conversation. But two emails before this one is what he was searching for:
The door swung open. Cas took his hand, and pulled him into a kiss.
They burned everything.
“Well, in that case.”
“What’s a hunter?” He asked, though he was starting to think he had a vague idea.
His face went blank. “Charlie, at this point, you have to assume I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
He couldn’t make his face stop doing that. He couldn’t remember his chest ever squeezing so wonderfully.
“What do you mean?”
Castiel browsed the website. “Look. You can schedule an appointment via the site.”
He looked around for Dean, and found him sitting at Meg’s table, bent over a book.
The cashier. Not the old man. And he was looking to be in a murderous mood. The perfect person to aggravate right now. Dean touched his pen to paper, instantly motivated to finish his homework and move on to more important things.
“Yup.”
“So… we cool?” Asked Dean.
"Let me go," he grumbled.
“Go away,” said Dean. “I’m leaving.”
This was it. He knew it. He felt it in his bones – he couldn’t take one more second of this class.
,” she muttered to herself. “
“So,” Dean said. “Which subject do you have the most trouble with?”
“It was abandoned,” said Ruby.
He didn’t exhale.
“I’m thinking that this was the stupidest birthday idea,” he said.
“Are you-”
“You don’t,” he said flatly and picked up his book, pretending to read. He thought about what Dean had said to him on his first day here:
“You go to sleep.”
Anna gave her a look that was both
Cas looked at him expectantly, and it seemed like he was waiting for an answer.
"Do you think he wants to give up the fight?" Claire asked.
“Does it matter? We all want you dead.”
He wondered where he would be in five years. He must be in a better place. Or at least a place where no high school student bothered him. Somewhere where he didn’t have to be a good little boy. Somewhere he could wash the pretenses off himself like dirt and say what he really wanted to say, be what he really wanted to be.
“I’d cover up a murder for you,” he finally said, slowly. His tone was conversational, half-serious, and still he felt that he had uncovered a feeling he might have wanted to remain private. He wished it unsaid, but it was too late; Dean picked at a chip of wood in a floorboard, his eyes carefully trailing it.
“It’s your life,” Castiel shrugged defensively. “I didn’t want to pry.”
So, the living room window had a view of Dean’s parking spot outside.
“What would you have done if this was Dad instead of me at the door?” Sam asked in a grumble, slumping down on an armchair close by. “Jerk.”
Dean swayed uncomfortably in his chair. The class was abandoned – they hadn’t even bothered to turn on the light, and the heavy clouds outside made the room dim just the right amount to make it feel like high school in the week before Christmas break - the good kind of high school, the kind where you could lie down on a table in an unused classroom and talk to your friend about dumb choices regarding your ex.
From the kitchen erupted the sound of pots clashing and falling to the floor. Dean and Charlie exchanged looks.
“Listen,” said Dean. “I know I owe you an explanation…”
Castiel reached for the page. “Give that to me.” But Dean leaned away from his reach and read quickly:
The sound of footsteps behind them became stronger, and they picked up their pace.
“It won't be for free,” Dean rushed, and then paused, because he had not thought this statement through. “I'll give you... I'll give you this, uh...” He dug into his pocket and drew up, well, nothing. “This piece of lint,” he finished with more confidence than he had to show for.
Dean snorted. “Because of the rain?”
"Hey," he said, and leaned against a table nonchalantly with his hands in his pockets. It definitely looked as cool as it felt in his mind.
He tapped his leg some more. He watched people go up and down the hallway.
“I know, buddy.” His brother put his box down, too, and looked down the hallway. Someone fell asleep there, on the floor in the middle of the hall. The two of them stepped forward – and stopped on their tracks. It wasn’t someone; it was Shelley.
“I think so.”
“You coming?” Jo asked and pulled Dean’s shoulder.
Dean lowered his voice. “Look,” he told her. “Truth is, I blew you off last week because I’m with Meg. Sorry.”
Dean hated it. He didn’t ask to feel this way. And the worst part was, he knew that the best thing he might ever get from Cas was friendship, and he still couldn’t bring himself to wish these feelings away. ‘Cause it was painful, the way his chest tightened when Cas looked at him and just barely smiled. But it was an addictive kind of pain.
Well, that was far worse than
At last, he cleared his throat. “I should go,” he said. “Before my sister gets here.”
“Okay, okay. I won’t be feelsy. Let’s go.”
“Well, not exactly,” said Dean. “Bobby and I-“
The circle of teens around the door backed off, widening the empty space surrounding it.
“Don’t call her annoying,” Dean interrupted.
It was a four hour drive, and after offering to switch at a gas stop when they get to the middle of the drive, Castiel leaned back on the headrest and pretended to be falling asleep.
“Um. Yeah.”
Cas and Sam never stopped trying to find a way to get him out of prison – even when his parents gave up; even when all the legal options ran out. Even when Dean’s family updated Cas on the full, monstrous details of exactly what had happened that night with the Kitsune. But the more they searched, the less they found. Dean dreaded his brother and Cas doing something that would get them in trouble, that would get them hurt.
“I was thinking I can pick you up this Friday instead of you taking the bus?”
“How can I help you?” A lady in a pantsuit smiled at them from behind the counter.
Dean sighed and looked around the room. He spotted Claire and the boy standing by the vending machine. She seemed to be explaining Jack how to use it. He pressed a button hesitantly, and jerked back a little when his chocolate bar fell down from its rack.
No one seemed to find any of this strange, or felt the need to explain to their new captive what in the cold hell was happening.
"And only hundreds die," Jack offered helpfully. Claire took the liberty of stepping on his toes.
Maybe there was an advantage to it. They’d both been stressed out lately. They’d both been busy. They both forgot to call. He was swamped with studying and working at the library, and Dean had his case. And even though it wasn’t their first go at a rough patch – or maybe just because of that – it was a little unsettling.
"Killing monsters?" Jack read.
A hand on his shoulder. “You okay?”
“Look, Cas, I…” He sighed. He suspected this was the first time Castiel has seen him in a bad mood, and it would be the last. “I need you to do me a favor.”
he let his jaw fall slack at three-year-old Claire.
“Alright,” said Bobby. “This could take all day. Let’s move on. Maybe we can find his password somewhere in this mess.”
Dean went back to staring at his notebook. Maybe he needed to read in order to write like Charlie did, or like Naomi wanted him to, but not for this poem. He gripped his pen harder, trying not to get distracted.
A wave of irritation washed over Castiel.
“I wish I could help.”
On the other side was his college roommate.
“Yeah, that was crazy.”
“Shortest book you’ve got,” he said. “And not a boring one. I want action.”
Dean didn’t manage to shoot back a sardonic remark or recall what he was saying, because just then he saw his mother and little brother make their way through the crowd towards him.
Well, he meant it. But he wasn’t sure just how much he meant it.
“There wasn’t anything different about that afternoon when I’d found Lilith. I don’t know what I was thinking.” His fingers followed the patterns of the wood on the table, and he focused on that, eyebrows furrowed, as if those patterns told him what to say. “Just leaving everything as is and going for it, no plan, no idea what the hell I was gonna do. So when I found her – I told her I want to cooperate, just to be able to keep track of her plan. Some bull about it being the end of the world and being sick of saving people’s asses who were gonna die twenty minutes later in a car crash because they didn’t put on their seat belt on or something. I don’t even know. But it worked.”
“I really hope you’re exaggerating,” said Dean.
“You should still ask him.”
And, alright. He was willing to grumble his way through small talk. And he was willing to answer the same question in twenty different ways. But he wasn’t going to tell his father all about how he was in happy gay love with some guy before spending three and a half hours of silence with him in the car. He knew how hard Chuck was trying to stay sober and be more involved in his life again, but no way.
They watched Michael talk to the second Shelley. He had the last box in his hands, but now, at something she’d said, he was putting it down.
“Just trying to get back into work,” said Chuck, and took a shaky sip of coffee. There were about a dozen used mugs on the kitchen table. “Look, I’m building a new world. I really think this one's going somewhere.” And he snatched a page from the table and held it up in front of Castiel. Half of it was in a language he didn’t even understand.
“Wow.”
He spared a moment to wish with all he had that Cas didn’t see through his bullshit as easily as he saw through Cas’ now. Then he said:
“…A lot of people are gay, you know,” she said finally.
“It’s a postcard Duchamp bought of the Mona Lisa, and he drew a mustache and a little beard on her and wrote
He rose on an elbow, and Dean shifted to look at him. “And you have no problem with me getting married?”
The guy reached out a hand for Castiel to shake. “Benny.”
I'm just buttering her up ._.
His briefcase, which was open, and shimmering with flashes of light.
He had no idea. He knew nothing about relationships.
"Ticket, please?"
“What context?” He asked. Dean grabbed a handful of popcorn from the carton.
“Why? Because you can do no wrong?”
Dean stared at him with eyes the size of grapefruits. It was evident on his face that he was capable of many things, but giving up was not one.
When he was halfway down the street, he heard footsteps carving through the snow behind him. He didn’t say anything when Cas appeared beside him, and Cas didn’t seem to have the intention of questioning him about his mood and his rudeness. They walked through the quiet, their hot breaths pouring into the freezing night in white puffs and mixing together, and for a while Cas’ warmth beside him was a comfort. When he spoke, he stared and the streetlights before them.
They spent a minute thinking.
Dean held a spoonful in front of her. “You want some yogurt? Yeah?” She grabbed the spoon and ate it. “People die at hospitals all the time.”
“It didn’t work out,” he said.
“Hm?”
How Dean used to do card tricks in middle school. How he was actually embarrassingly good at that, before he took interest in music, and became incredibly good at that.
A couple of weeks passed, and Castiel was getting used to the feeling of the ring against his chest, beneath his shirt. The weeks were a blur of waiting for the weekends. Dean would come over once a week and hang in his dorm room while he studied. Sometimes he got so bored that he started counting ants. But he always came anyway.
“Really?” Castiel wrinkled his nose. “What’s harder to resist? The colorless walls or the disturbing lack of personal belongings?”
“He has liver failure.” She looked him in the eye when she said this. “I’m sorry, but the accident made it much harder for his body to recover from everything at once. There’s always a chance for a miracle, but it doesn’t seem good.”
“I’ve been thinking about June.”
“Do you see him a lot?” Castiel asked when Dean tucked his phone away.
“What are you doing here?” Meg asked, crossing her arms over her chest and looking down at him. “It’s a weekday.”
“Bobby’s finishing up in the kitchen, Ellen and Jo are stuck in traffic, and Charlie is taking a shower upstairs to get werewolf blood off her, so...” He gestured at a Christmas tree in a corner of the living room. “I started on my own.”
“Nothing,” he said, and leaned in, and this time Cas obliged. One more move, one more kiss, one more sigh – before the door opened and the light turned on.
“Yeah. Well. She's not you.”
He was sick of thinking about Cas. All he’s seen in the past week was Cas – Cas standing across from him, the bed between them. Cas looking at him in the dark, the TV screen lighting the left side of his face. Cas talking to Mary about antelopes.
Cas buried his face deeper between Dean’s foot and the blanket.
"It's going to be
They did end up sitting silently – Dean tense, Cas serious, both clearly uncomfortable, but keeping up this pretense that everything was fine.
“We’ve discussed this.” Michael gestured around the table. Gabriel was shaking his head. Chuck stared at his glass. “And we’ve decided your relationship with this... person,” said Michael, “Can’t go on.”
, Dean wrote.
“Us.” He kicked Dean into paying attention.
“Cas, right?”
“Interesting,” Dean replied. He tucked the hand holding his bag behind his back. A wasted effort. “And who might’ve she stole that sandwich from, did she happen to tell you?”
“Wouldn't kill you to say it once in a while,” Dean muttered to himself.
“This is our new home,” said Castiel.
Dean flashed a smile. Getting on Cas’ nerves was just so
“Don’t get him started,” Meg cut him off. Charlie dug a hand into her pocket and handed him her magnetic card.
If this was what it took to make Cas happy on the dullest Christmas shift in existence...
He didn’t even know how to go about it. What was the point of poems when you didn’t want to say anything? He didn’t want to say
He quit life.
“We’ll be right there,” Cas said. He touched Dean’s shoulder, to get his attention, but when Dean turned around and faced him, he opened his mouth and nothing came out.
“We were a weird family.”
He wasn’t sure what to do after they left. He didn’t have the patience for schoolwork, and he couldn’t stand the sight of home anymore.
He was sitting at the dining table, Dean grinning at him from the kitchen.
“What’s stopping you?” She asked dryly, leaning in to get more privacy in the classroom full of students. “The fact that he goes on tons of dates, or you being too busy to tell him because you’re setting him up on all those dates?”
“What’s there?” Dean asked, looking at the archway on the other side of the front door.
“Huh,” said Meg, looked directly at him, and narrowed her eyes.
Dean was very interested in his teammates all of a sudden. They were walking towards the shower rooms, smiling and slapping each other’s backs, some taking their shirts off. Dean eyed them stubbornly. Cas swallowed, feeling a sudden urge to distract him from the half-naked men. Not that he was jealous. But the way Dean's eyes followed their back muscles was just uncanny.
“I’ll never forget about you,” he said.
“It’s… Cool,” he said. And it was sharp. Real sharp. Like an actual weapon. “If you’re a hitman.”
Robert:
“One woman’s ass-kicking party is another man’s hell.”
Dean smiled and started walking down the stairs, still facing Castiel. “Please. Please, call me.”
“I didn’t give you any money,” Dean countered. He stopped at a forked junction and let Castiel choose a path before they continued. “I didn’t imagine you’d come back – none of us did,” he explained.
“He can't be dead, Bobby. He can't be dead, because I don't know what I would do.”
“Goodnight,” said Dean, but before he could hang up:
“What are you talking about?” Asked Castiel as they climbed the last steps to the second floor. From there, there was an opening in the ceiling leading to the attic. He put his box down and grabbed a ladder that leaned against one of the walls. “I would have kicked his righteous bottom in his own kitchen.”
“Yes,” he said to the pot. “About a hunt.”
“Space aliens,” mumbled Castiel. “I’m listening.”
Castiel clenched his jaw. “Alright.”
Castiel walked towards him, his thoughts racing in an attempt to form a plan to tackle Dean and prevent him from jumping into the water, but then Dean’s head tilted sideways, and Castiel was close enough to see a cotton ball stuck in Dean’s ear.
“I don’t need babysitting, you know,” Dean said, letting her pull him away, if only because he had no idea how to get to his next class.
“I’ll take that,” he said, taking the bottle of juice and making his way to the kitchen.
“So do we have a deal?” He asked.
“You live together?” Jo asked quietly. Her dejection was unmistakable. She was quick to cover it with a smooth expression.
“I miss your ass so much,” said Dean, and there was a smile in his voice. “I mean, not your
and kept writing.
There was no point in hoping for the best. His brothers in arms might have deemed him a traitor, but no amount of torture would make him give up information that will put them in harm’s way. Not in the hands of a one-eyed pirate who calls himself the Sword. A pirate who seemed very much apt for slicing a man’s face.
"I have." Dean's shoulders straightened defensively. "He told me to change."
“Yeah, yeah, twelve times,” Dean cut him off. “What I’m trying to say is...” His throat dried all at once.
“I talked about it at the beginning of the year.”
“That’s right,” Dean said, grabbing his sunglasses and putting them on in slow motion. “We’re going undercover.”
“No one,” he said.
Eventually, he did spot Dean at the entrance. When Dean saw him wave, he hurried over to their table without grabbing any food.
He lay on the floor, breathing heavily, and let his head drop on the damp floorboards. His eyes caught a glimpse of the bright blue sky far above him.
“You’re here!” Charlie said cheerily.
“You’re on,” said Castiel, and raised his hand for Dean to shake.
His jacket and his mussed hair and his actual piercing gaze – who else in real life had a piercing gaze, for real? – Something about him was just so attractively intimidating. It was like asking out Barack Obama.
“He’s opening deliveries in the back,” said the girl. “I’ll go get him.”
It was a small event. Ten people. Gabriel called it sad. Garth started saying ‘hunters’ wedding’, but Castiel stopped him promptly and shot a look at his brothers and at Meg.
He raised his head. “Yes?”
Dean thought the local botanical garden would be lame – lame enough to be an appropriate place to meet your classmate who was also working across the road from you who was also a stranger.
“We need you to kill him,” said Gabriel, placing on the table a long silver blade.
“What happened?” His voice was stiff. Cold. Lifeless.
Sam looked at him innocently. “I thought that was your job.”
this?”
Which was something Castiel never thought he’d be able to say about himself. Being part of a couple. Not just dating someone, but… being a team with somebody else. Like he was in this together with Dean.
“She’s either a hunter,” Dean argued, “Or she’s some kind of monster. Trust me, whichever it is, neither would willingly choose a profession of sitting down and talking about your feelings.”
Keep Dean away from the dance at all costs (because, for some reason, the aliens deemed him fit to be a bride).
Above him, he heard a sound. Someone had entered the room – he was climbing the shelves with strength and ease. And before Castiel could utter a word, the culprit reached the high shelves and started rummaging through them.
But a few moments later, Dean’s voice faded into silence. Castiel looked over at him. His head was tilted down slightly, eyes closed. His fingers still held the book open.
He rushed over to his brother, making sure he was okay. And it was like the room could finally let go of a breath it’s been holding.
“Hello?”
“Why the hell not?”
“You mean, getting back to reality?” He asked. He looked around, biting into a French fry.
“Let’s go.”
“Give them holy water to drink,” Castiel suggested.
“We don’t have any ladder on the ship,” Dean pointed out, sounding somewhat concerned.
"Would you like to come in? I have Portal set up…"
“Depending on your price range, these are five to eight hundred each.”
“He’s weird.”
Dean took a look at Cas, and scooted over. “Hi,” he said awkwardly.
“Why?”
“Nothin’. Just that… I really like you.”
“Jesus doesn’t care if you’re gay, Dean,” he said.
“Okay,” he said. “Go ahead.”
“Angel blade?”
Then Dean’s eyes narrowed at him. “Don’t give me the look.”
He thought.
“Looking,” Dean said quickly. “We’re looking.” But he couldn’t think of something to be looking for. “For the light switch. We were looking for the light switch.”
.” He held his breath, closing his eyes, because those were words he never imagined he’d have to say to his turd of a fake boyfriend.
Dean looked at him. “Why is she saying that?”
So, this was his new life. A narrow bed. Guys calling each other Chad in the hall. A relationship with his boyfriend that concluded in exchanging texts about the adequacy or inadequacy of rooms. He supposed he should go out and explore. He shoved his phone in his pocket and left the room.
There was a pause. Dean thought he felt the air between them thicken. He thought he felt Cas pulling away. Then–
“Uhh,” Dean said. “Yeah.”
Castiel wrinkled his nose, for what felt like the twentieth time in the past two days. “Become a pirate?”
“Let me see your nose.”
He shook his head. “There was a lot of reprimanding,” he said, “And a lot of explaining, on my part.”
“You ask a difficult question,” Cas offered some of his own.
“Cheating.” Dean smiled. And then he did something that made Cas stop stretching, and look down at him with confusion: he started climbing up Cas’ box.
“Cas, wait-“
Dean’s browser had a million tabs open. Castiel went over them one by one:
“Everyone knows about nuclear bombs and tornadoes,” Castiel pointed out.
“Have it anyway,” said Mr. Man, and watched him.
“Charlie?” He let out, although the voice clearly did not belong to Charlie, as it was low and deep – deeper than his own voice.
“Alright, alright,” said Castiel. “What do you mean by 'low-key'?”
“How’d it go?” He asked when Dean passed by him.
Dean let out a short burst of laughter. Cas looked at him, and smiled a little.
"I'm sure it isn't necessary," said Cas, watching him closely.
It just happened. Their mouths found each other, and it almost felt like a trick of the light.
“I'll give you this couple's waffle breakfast coupon, eh?” He pulled a small card out of his wallet. “It expires next week, and I won't be needing it, anyway, so...”
“Your mom and her favorite subject to talk about – what’d she say this time?” She leaned against the counter, grinning. She would have hopped and settled on it if they weren’t at work – gays these days; couldn’t sit straight and normal for the life of them.
His head shot back at the impact. His nose tingled, and he sent a hand up to feel it. No blood.
“Shut up.” Dean eyed the phone. “What are you writing now?”
“I guess,” said Chuck.
“Remember what I said about finishing my finals in junior year and being a grade A student?”
Dean looked up then, and said, “He doesn’t want to drink.”
“You must be scaring them away with your murderly expressions.” Her eyes slid toward Dean almost apologetically, as if she wasn’t supposed to use that word around him. Then she looked away. “Perk up,” she added in a tone a nightclub bouncer might use when he’s kicking you out for drinking too much and taking your top off after climbing onto the bar.
“Being wrong, once again.” He grinned. “Everyone should listen to me, all the time.”
“Takes one to know one,” Meg grumbled.
doctor’s on her way,” the coach muttered. “Now git, everybody. Show gotta go on. Garth, you’re up instead of Dean.”
“You’ve got a Dean on your shirt,” she said. “Need help cleaning that up?”
“Is it serious?” Asked Hannah. He shrugged.
Dean squeezed his hand. “You’re good, man. You just don't see it. So let’s settle on neither of us being a failure.”
When he left the room, Claire barely returned him a “good night” before her nose was stuck in her phone again. He sighed, trying not to let the memory of himself, at that age, texting Dean, soften him towards all this shady texting and calling she was doing, and closed the door after him.
Dean crossed his hands over his chest. “I’m not taking the Pimpmobile.”
“Alright, I’ll ask him. But on one condition," he said. "If he says no, I’ll be too heartbroken. Crushed. I’ll be completely crushed. And the last thing I’ll want to do is go to a party.”
“When we met your other neighbor she mentioned a guy called Benny, and you said, ‘I love that guy’.”
Claire’s eyebrow rose. “You're comparing Cas to a heater?"
“Someone barfed on table six,” Meg said somewhere around him.
“I don’t think you can be
Dean gasped at him like he had just said God was a drunken old bum. “Baby’s been holding on the road for half a century.”
“A’ight. Text me from the bus and I’ll come pick you up from the station.”
He almost said.
“No,” Dean grunted. “Cas, it was…” He sighed. “T’was a joke.”
If Castiel had the time to stop and chitchat, he would spit out a sentence along those lines: ‘the greatest mistake a man can make is believing he is the subject of another man’s loyalty when he is not’. But he was in a bit of a rush. So he ran.
“We should go,” Cas said. He was right. If they didn’t put out the fire, soon the whole house would burn. And Dean didn’t think he’d seen one non-alcoholic liquid in the house that could help smother the flames.
“What?”
“Yeah, I’ve been busy.” Benny glanced at the keys in his hands as he said it. “Good to see you,” he said and disappeared down the stairs.
“He was trying to learn from experience. This wasn’t the first time someone was about to be shunned from the family.”
Cas nodded. “He's so considerate, he got me a whole plate of extra frosting cookies.”
“Can we not talk about my private life? I thought we were here to resolve the issue of you being such a huge twat.”
“We’re playing Spin the Bottle,” Jo said and waved an empty plastic bottle at them. She wrapped an arm around Dean’s shoulder and pulled him in the other direction, leaning on him for support at the same time. “Whoa. The chandelier is spinning.”
“Let’s take a walk,” said Castiel as they walked down the stairs.
And then came Dean. Maybe he was just there at the right place, at the right time. Maybe it was the way he moved, or spoke, like nothing in the world could hold him back. Whatever it was – Castiel’s brain painted a hell of a picture every time he closed his eyes, and it didn’t give him a rest.
The day before that:
He took a breath as deep as his lungs would allow, looked at Dean, and waited.
The darkness swallowed them whole, leaving little space for the soft light of their torch. Dean led them through the chilly tunnel, deep into the heart of the island.
“Break,” he lied curtly.
“Exactly!” Said Dean. “He worked too hard. And he deserves credit for
Naomi sighed. “You can switch classes if you insist.” She went back to her desk and grabbed a few papers stapled together, flipping through them. “The classes still available are balloon animal twisting, flower arranging and tambourine.”
“So what about your dad?” he asked after a few moments.
“Lilith is a real creep, and she works fast. She’s on a mission to break seals to break Lucifer out of his cage, and she’s got hellhounds on her side to tear open whoever isn’t feeling like helping her.”
“Hold on. Go back to the security footage.”
Dean let out a groan. “Shut up, mom.”
He remembered something; something small. Something meaningless.
Dean.
“A few. They also…” Cas didn’t sound so unaffected anymore. His voice was quiet and collected, as if it were a wall around him. “There was a plane crash,” he said. “I’m on my own.”
“What about the cookies?” Cas asked.
“Well, what? What well?”
“There are boxes everywhere,” Dean noted.
“Thanks,” he said. “Good night.”
“Mmm, that depends.” He opened a screenshot on his phone and showed Dean.
“Don’t even try,” Cas shot at him as he started to climb off of his own box, watching the small box of spare plastic bags as it was placed on Cas’ cardboard box and climbed onto. “This was the last one.”
“Yeah: spooky and romantic have much more in common than we thought. Look.” Dean put one hand on his shoulder and another in the air, like he was about to demonstrate something. “It’s twilight now, which is the perfect lighting for both spooky times and sexy times. The music is perfect for seducing someone and then killing them. This color combination is supposed to be romantic but it’s just creepy. And it smells like sweaty teenagers in here.”
“I think those are good enough reasons to ignore ‘this place is a dump’.”
“But you did it for a good reason.”
"I'm listening," he said. Or, at least, he had thought she was speaking.
“I can’t focus on my schoolwork when you keep pointing at birds on the tree outside and giving me a detailed description of the kinds of worms they brought for their baby to eat in the nest.”
“What’s happening?” asked Dean. The baby started crying. “Cas?”
He let himself feel the wind ruffle his hair. The chill was slowly disappearing from the air with every passing week, but he could still feel it. He didn’t want it gone.
And of course.
“Nothing,” said Castiel. He looked down at his laptop and tried to focus on schoolwork.
“…And the future search for the perfect material,” Cas helped. Sam nodded, and Mary smiled.
Dean looked at the hand. “No offense, Cas, but your people skills are kinda rusty.”
“Sorry, man.”
Castiel opened the fridge and grabbed a cold slice of pizza.
“And it’s gonna be some more months.”
He looked around, evidently searching for someone in the crowd. He didn’t have much else to do without his phone, which he’d given to Dean to be able to scroll aimlessly on social media because his own phone didn’t have reception in the house.
“We goin’?”
Bobby sighed as deeply as if he were talking to an exasperating child. “Idjit.”
Benny. Right.
“Or not,” he said. “I don’t know.”
“No clue,” said Bobby.
“Not really,” Dean said. “I didn’t have as many things as I have now.”
“What?”
“Oh, no.” He leaned away. “I just… Oh, Gods. I just kissed a moist sea creature for nothing.” Cas made an expression that was clearly insulted. “Oh, come on, I can’t pee,” Dean spat out. “We’re both in a tight spot here, alright?”
But this was his father. The only person in his family who actually cared about him – who he still cared about.
Suddenly, he felt Dean’s breath on his ear. “Reach into my pants.”
This sent Dean into his old routine. His jaw tightened, eyebrows pulling together. “My parents were hunters.”
“I like blue a whole lot,” Dean said, and smiled, and elbowed his side. Castiel felt this moment between them; he just didn’t know exactly what kind of moment it was.
“Not the smart one,” he mumbled. Dean glanced at him, then at the exam, and it took a moment before his eyes cleared and he realized which comment of his Castiel was referring to.
“Nope, just the ass thing.”
“...Okay?”
“She was just taken aback by the fact that you’re dating someone so incredibly out of your league,” said Sam. Charlie let out a laugh.
“Sammy, if you’re gonna start talking about
"I was just using it as a bookmark," he said. "It… used to be bees,” he explained clumsily. “And then that, uh… Got lost."
“You’re up,” he said again, and Meg stepped forward. Dean came back, looking troubled.
“I’m not picking it up,” he called.
He sat down on his bed in his dorm room. He supposed he could do homework.
“Juggled between three minimum wage part-time jobs.”
“Cas, I’m sorry,” he started, but Cas wasn’t looking at him. He was looking at someone behind him, and a moment later, Charlie showed up beside them.
“I can handle myself, hands tied or not. Plus, how else will she believe we’re not tricking her?”
he wrote.
God, Charlie would flip if she could read his thoughts right now.
Dean watched his expression become more uncomfortable, more guarded. “She’s the one you’ve been waiting for.”
Cas’ eyes rested on his face for just a moment too long before dropping to the floor and then looking back up. He handed Dean the bag.
Dean laughed again. It sounded like a spring of water when it wasn’t taunting or irritated or sad. “Good thing I have a med student by my side.”
Castiel didn’t reply. Whatever it meant – that Dean didn’t find him stressful – he was happy with it.
He figured he was allowed to have a bad day. He was allowed – he figured – to walk in the front door being in a shitty mood without his brother sending him a death glare, and his mother eyeing him like a hawk ready to dive for prey, and himself being left feeling like he didn’t deserve to have his own feelings anymore.
“I also put it in danger,” Castiel pointed out. “So I guess they cancel each other out.”
“I'll endure the social suicide for you if you endure it for me,” Castiel offered. Dean smiled at him, looked away, looked at him again.
“I’m pissed,” he said. He was pissed.
On the other side of the room, Garth tore the arm off a fake skeleton, bone fingers wiggling with every motion, and wiped spider webs off it. “Upstairs,” he said determinedly. He was dressed as Sheriff Woody. Dean let out a soft snort, but people already started filing up the stairs.
“What? Maybe she does,” said Castiel. “And even if it is her – so what?”
,” he argued. “You’re human.”
“You know the Halloween party at the Roadhouse tomorrow night?” He asked. In a backwards way, time was on his side: no one liked making last minute plans.
When the days were cold and full of long quiets and holding hands and just being
“That’s it,” Dean breathed. “How in the hell are we supposed to get to it?”
And the source of it all: Cas was saying something about dating.
“I know,” said the nurse. Her tone was sympathetic. “Still, you were right next to the car when the truck hit it. You're lucky the angle left you untouched." She smiled at him. "Almost a miracle." She looked through some papers. “You're all right. Just a little shocked.” She didn’t look much older than him.
“So…” he said, clapping his palms together awkwardly, and grasped for a sarcastic comment. The tightness in Cas’ lips had no residue of that momentary spark of amusement it had before.
“I feel really bad about Meg.”
“No,” said Dean. “He has a hunter living in his building. Coffee?”
“Sure,” said Dean and pointed in the direction of the bathroom. “What’s up?” He asked, eyebrows furrowing, once Garth was gone.
"Sit with him and keep him awake," Dean told Claire. He turned to the boy. "You. Front seat."
“What now?”
Bobby looked at him. He looked at Bobby.
“Deadpool,” he said, not looking away from the TV screen. Dean almost spat out his drink – and, trying to keep it all inside, he choked on it. He stifled a cough.
“That’s the perfect time to take a break,” said Meg.
Cas’ expression slipped into skepticism. “Why don’t you want to be home?” he asked, quiet.
>Yes?
They managed to get to the car. Sam was leaning against it, waiting. He stood upright when he saw them approach.
"They fought each other?" Dean focused his stare on the road, and in his eyes was everything his voice didn't hold.
Cas shrugged. “Because you see me as I really am,” he said. “No judgement. And I see you as you are. And what I see is beautiful.”
“I think that’ll do, Mr. Tongue,” he breathed, pulling away. People were making their way into the dining room. He exchanged nods with Ellen, feeling his face redden a bit. “Who taught you to kiss? Yikes.”
“Because that's what friends do.”
Castiel rubbed his eyes. And then he dropped his hands and leaned on Dean’s shoulder. He wanted to tell him that it was okay. That he was okay. He wanted to kiss him. He wanted to tell him how scared he’d been. But his way around feelings was clumsy and awkward, and Dean always knew the right thing to say, and he never did.
She stood up and stretched a hand for him to grab. He took it.
“Your smile when you’re confused.” And he saw it in Dean’s eyes: they lit up, if dimly. “Your snoring when you fall asleep on the dining table. And the face you make when you touch something icky, you princess.”
Through the kitchen archway, he could see his mother putting a thankful hand on Cas’ shoulder as he brought the glasses to the table. Cas came back to the kitchen, and Mary smiled at Dean.
“What kind of rings are we looking for?” Dean asked him.
“Thanks,” Castiel smiled. He wanted to say ‘you’re the best’, or even ‘this is great’ – but he didn’t. He felt weird about saying these things out loud.
“Yeah?”
On the first minute it was exciting. One moment he had the lead, and the other Dean. On the second minute, it started getting old. On the fourth minute Kevin said to Meg, without looking away from the spectacle,
He wasn’t sure that was a good thing.
“Jesus, Jo, no.” Dean rubbed his eyes again. The overwhelming clutter in his mind clashed with the one in his room; he couldn’t think.
dead.”
“The weirdest thing just happened,” he said. He certainly looked like someone who’s just witnessed the weirdest thing. He closed the door behind Castiel, staring at him like he was about to grow wings right inside Dean's no-bedroom apartment. Then he shook his head, and in one moment – as if all at once he realized how strangely he was acting – his expression smoothed. “So how did your day go?”
Castiel cut the tape around Sam’s wrists with a knife, and put the knife in his hands. “Go,” he said and turned to Dean, who was grappling with the demon on the ground. She wiggled free of his hold and started getting up, but he yanked her foot and knocked her to the ground again.
He started simple:
Castiel closed his mouth and opened it again. “What it did to us,” he said eventually. Dean nodded, looking back to the filed.
“S'up? I’m here.” It was Dean. “I... think. Does your dorm building have a graffiti of Spiderman and Deadpool making out on it?”
“No way to tell. My guy Garth said-”
“Alright,” said Dean. “Let’s just get on the IKEA website or something.”
“Eh... I’ve been busy,” said Bobby and grabbed a spoon. “I should get back to the stove or we’ll be eating burnt goo for dinner.”
“Wayward Sisters?”
“I’ll take that as a polite decline.”
He didn't know what he was doing. He'd never said 'to your liking' before.
“Do anything interesting?” He asked, his voice still unnaturally high. Cas threw him a glance, and he pulled on a poker face – an Oscar worthy one, in his opinion. He cleared his throat, too, for good measure.
"Sure," he said, and his stomach twisted. He hung up the phone and grabbed his car keys.
Not that he cared. Dean or no Dean; potayto, potahto. He didn’t care about Dean – not anymore, not since the summer after senior year. Dean’s number was simply the only one he recognized on the field. It wasn’t like he was tracking him, trying to find him within the groups of ridiculous-looking American Footballers with their stupid costumes as they chased a flying egg-shaped ball. For all he cared, Dean’s team could be losing. Even worse: Dean could fall. He could hurt himself. He could fuck up his knee, like last-
Dean would save the day, and everyone would be safe.
Meg’s eyes shot back to her phone. Charlie’s mouth shut, and she looked past him.
“Yes, and she was absolutely right!”
“Cas.” Dean’s eyes were a forest in an afternoon sun. He leaned closer, and the light from the window made his freckled face glow. “Are you asking me on a frate?”
He glanced back at Dean and kept scrolling.
Cas wrote before he could finish his message.
“Yes,” he said, shifting to look at the table and clearing his throat.
He finished and noticed that the look in Dean’s eyes had changed. His eyebrows were pulled together in bewilderment. Castiel pursed his lips and waited for the next question, or for the strike of a sword.
“Just some hunting stuff.”
Castiel looked up from the same spot in the floor he'd been staring at for the past five minutes. "What?"
"Is Dracula real?" He asked.
“Look who’s up. Happy birthday, you little snail. Say how old you are!”
“No.”
“Of course I do. Who doesn’t want the truth?”
“Wait,” Cas said. His voice was quiet, and his eyes – Dean could swear on the original Kinder Egg’s grave, his eyes were full of emotion. Dean saw Cas’ lips moving, but he couldn’t concentrate on the words coming from his mouth – the words in his mind were louder and stronger:
Dean sensed his tone. “What?”
Cas nodded. “From the cinema.”
Still, he was able to see the flashes of the light it emitted. He dug in his backpack for a pen, rolled his sleeve up and copied the pattern onto his forearm:
“It’s probably not too complicated. You just ask them out like normal people.”
“Of course,” said Chuck. “But, you know, you can’t control how the story ends. Life goes on. Other fish in the sea and all that.”
“We had the talk all right.”
“What?”
“I stole them on my way over,” Dean replied. That checked out; he didn’t recognize any of the knives, or the skittles. But then again, that’s just what a demon would say.
Castiel shook his head slowly. “Screw the other fish,” he muttered.
"Don't 'ugh' me," Dean muttered. The lady on his other side threw a glance their way.
Dean’s reply was delayed. “Yeah.”
“Can we not do this with the baby...?”
“You two are engaged?” Asked the lady. They let out a nervous laughter. Then Dean looked at him and said,
“So, like, really into sports, listens to annoying pop music, over-uses hair gel...”
The rest of the ride went by quietly. But finally, when they got to New York, they all seemed to forget about everything that’s been on their minds. They walked into the storage container with a sense of intrigue and wonder.
“There is if you squeeze in,” Cas said, tugging at his wrist. God, this was something special. He wondered who was laughing harder right now in their fortified temples – God, or the devil.
Dean kept looking at him blankly, shaking his head slightly.
And Chuck must have sensed something was off about that, he must have – because he said, “Great. I’ll call everyone else,” which was a pretty generous offer, considering Castiel had been the one to suggest a family dinner in the first place.
Dean climbed back down to the sea, and the monster spit a tangle of seaweed at him.
“Then that’s how you tell. Silver burns ‘em.”
He got to Dick’s fifteen minutes early. He unlocked the door and got to work at a pace that calmed his mind, not bothering to switch the light on. He wished Charlie were there. She would know what to say. She had to, because who else…?
Dean looked at him again. “You’re right. If we want our covers to be reliable we’re gonna have to switch clothes.”
He kept texting Dean as they walked.
“What’s with you today?” She said when she resurfaced from the back room.
The perfectly expressionless line of Cas' mouth didn't move, but his eyes took on a focused interest when they landed on Dean's face, as though Dean's "Hey" was the only thing in the room worth his attention.
“What’s it about?” He asked, pointing at Dean’s project, while Mary put a hand on his shoulder and appraised his outfit. A surge of pride shot through Dean’s chest as he said, “The development of-“
He took the note out, unfolded it, read the words inside.
He wasn’t sure whether he wanted to go back and stop himself from ever calling Cas dangerous to his face, or whether he wanted to go back and tell him everything he knew.
“Did you have fun with Hael?” Asked her mother, and she nodded vigorously. The little baby said “Wah!” very suddenly and Luci reached a finger for it to grasp, cooing at it.
It all made Dean’s head ache. But it didn’t matter. Cas was alive, Cas was here, and they were going to get themselves out of this mess somehow.
There were no breaks from studying before Dean. There were no breaks from life before him.
“Yeah, I’m sure you had an awful time feeling up girls behind the auditorium,” said Charlie.
“This is going to be fun,” Castiel smiled at him.
It was strange hearing such intimate words coming out of the teacher’s mouth, made flat and cold by her voice. Dean’s shoulders were still rigid at Ruby’s words, as if he was waiting for the next blow in a fist fight.
“You can’t just know you’d be into someone if you’re not into them. You can’t…” he trailed off, turning around and taking a second look at the bookstore, really looking this time. “Man, if he was a chick.”
Since when were they doing this? Calling during dinnertime to make sure they were good?
Where was he getting all those knives from? It seemed that it was impossible to catch that man unprepared. And if he’d had another knife all along, why didn’t he use it when Castiel disarmed him? It occurred to Castiel now that Dean might not have wanted to kill him at all. It made him uneasy, almost as uneasy as knowing he’d had the opportunity, even an invitation, to kill Dean, and he skipped it. He used to be a warrior, an honorable man. He didn’t care for making friends with a pirate.
“It’s okay,” said Castiel. “I know.”
Him: not really. Hey, can you pass me that- aw, shit. I spilled coffee on you.
Right. Not today.
“They worked in law enforcement,” he said finally. “Before they died.”
“It’s getting worse,” said Dean. “This is the second strike this month. Last time it was four people.”
She glanced down at her coat. “I could stay, if you want.”
“I’m good.” Dean took the acorns from his hand and stuck them into the upper snowball. They appraised their creation for a few silent moments.
“But-”
“Your mystery date.” Charlie looked into his eyes fiercely, as if she could pull the answer out of his brain via telepathy, or via his nose. “The one you text eighty times a day and sneak out to see every other night.”
Cas gave a small shrug. “‘So lonely it’s pathetic’ is just the kind of people we are.”
“So what’s up?” Asked Chuck.
He wrote back.
"Maybe he thought he was asking that," she said. "While he was actually trying to tell you that some things might not be what they seem, and he was asking for your compassion in seeing that."
This time Dean could hear it. Footsteps in the mud. Cas’ fingers clutched his shirt and pulled him swiftly behind a tree.
and then, “Have you gotten married yet?”
Garth waved a hand at her dismissively. “What’s he like?” He asked.
He looked at Cas. He opened his mouth. He took a breath.
“Dean,” Sam said, looking towards the town behind them.
“Take a seat,” she said, and he did. She slid a piece of paper across the table. “Take a look.”
“Aunty, I have not eaten in ten hours. When I squint, their dresses seem like cakes and their hair like icing.”
“Sure,” the junior said, losing interest. Dean squeezed between her and the wall and wandered off, trying not to wonder how well Hannah really knew Cas. And whether there were at least two feet between them when she acquired that knowledge.
That’s a lie.
Dean looked up at him, and shook his head slightly.
It never made Castiel laugh.
Streetlamps. Bus station. Old, cracked cement on the sidewalks. He focused as hard as he could. But still, he couldn’t push back what was inside: Dean’s cassette tapes, the
It was the last day of high school, and Dean was about to be late for class.
Castiel shook the moment away and browsed the delivery menu. Pizzas were great. Even these pizzas looked pretty great. Even when the titles were
Cas was nowhere in sight when he approached the bookstore. Instead, a brown-haired girl looked him up and down from behind the register.
Here was something he didn’t want to unpack.
“Um… Sure.”
“See you,” said Meg.
“Okay.”
There were still questions unanswered, but he supposed they could all wait. Every other thing that wasn’t Cas’ lips could wait.
“Where’s my father?”
She shrugged. “Last year I was Wonder Woman.” She moved her leg to nudge his foot. “So who are you, really, Clarence?” The look in her eyes was piercing, and Castiel looked away.
“Why don’t you take a look at these,” she pointed at another display. “These are some of our graceful, simpler designs.”
The bottle slowed and stopped spinning, pointing at him. Dean’s mind snapped back into focus.
To him.
When he was back with the cookies, Charlie was gone. Cas grabbed one, and shoved the plate in Dean’s direction. But he didn’t feel like a passive aggressive cookie.
The party was kind of amazing.
“The Gods are nothing but a child’s tale, Azazel,” John muttered. “We all know that.”
He thought about what she’d told him when he ignored Chuck’s calls. In spite of himself, he could feel that her words had an effect, settled in his brain and nudged something there, something that said,
He aimed his gun down, and took the shot.
“When do you need to go?” He asked, rubbing at his forehead.
That was the truth. His secret sort-of-boyfriend was a total buffoon.
The play went on, and all he could do was lean his shoulder against Dean’s in the dark, and feel the tension in Dean’s shoulders ease at the touch.
“He’s the fourth. There’s Michael, Raphael, Luci, Gabriel, Naomi, Balthazar, and then myself.”
“Um.” Cas glanced around the store, as if to make sure this wasn’t some practical joke. He looked pretty uncomfortable. He must not be asked that often. If at all. “I guess.”
“Charlie’s been staying here,” he said. “She should be back soon.”
“Alright.”
Sitting a few students apart from him, April grabbed the bottle excitedly and spun it
“You saw how mad he got,” he was saying.
“I know you eat your stupid burgers every time they serve them at the cafeteria,” he said. “Maybe next time consider taking the stick out of your ass and trying something different for a change.”
Dean shook his head at the flyer. "Man, your people are weirdos."
“I dropped out,” Dean explained unwillingly. “But then I got my diploma just one year later. Really, it worked out.”
Dean.
"This is supposed to be the office," he could hear Cas say from another room. "But we usually just do our work downstairs. So there's the spare bed, and I'm just going to grab you some things."
The rest of the crew didn’t react as forgivingly to Castiel’s hindering. Their eyes narrowed, heads tilting with suspicion.
“It is a big school,” Dean repeated. April gave them the stink eye for as long as she could maintain it.
“Kidding. I don’t care. Alright – history.”
. Charlie eyed him. And here it came: conversation.
"It's fine, Jack. I'll sort things out with Dean. He'll understand."
Dean knew it.
Two hours and one bus exchange later, he was stepping onto the sidewalk of his new home.
“Yes,” Cas mumbled. His eyes kept shooting up to Dean’s face, though mostly they just got as close to as Dean’s chest. Like
“You've got a point.” He moved his hand to intertwine his fingers with Cas' and felt Cas tighten his grip.
It didn’t take him more than a minute to find what he was searching for: the picture Bobby and him saw the day before, from Dean’s security footage.
He stepped closer, and looked into Dean’s eyes. “I need your help.”
“Have you ever considered picking up poetry?” He asked. Dean snorted, and nudged his side, and said,
“You’re not gonna wanna see this,” said Bobby, but he was already pushing past him. “Cas-”
“We have a lot to talk about,” he blurted out. “We’re both interested in-” he paused for half a second- “Waffles?”
“I wouldn’t say it’s weird,” he answered. “It’s plausible, even.”
Cas’ eyebrows furrowed. “What?”
He glanced in the mirror again. Cas' eyes were on the boy in the passenger seat. "Jack just happened upon the place," he said. "Luci took my gun and tried to shoot the kid, and I got in his way." He hesitated. "Everything past that was a blur."
“I don’t understand.”
Dean fussed around for something, and looked back at Castiel. “Can I look with you? Must’ve forgotten my book.”
“She looks at me normal,” said Dean.
“Changed your mind?”
“Not it!” Charlie called.
They’d agreed on it, in the loose meaning of the term. They would find a way to bring Dean back, Castiel had said, and Sam couldn’t bear to see his brother burn. The disagreement was on Bobby’s part. He’d called them both idiots with a ‘j’ and said what they had in mind wasn’t possible, and if it was, they didn’t want to pay the price. He’d said, take an old man’s words for it who’s been in the field longer than both your lifetimes combined. It’s not worth it.
“Open it,” said Castiel impatiently.
“I’ve got a bad feeling about this.”
"As much as I can be."
Dean saw him then, and waved his hand for Castiel to come closer. He yelled something that Castiel couldn’t hear, raising his eyebrows. Castiel nodded. Dean laughed and took a piece of paper out of his pocket.
“What? I thought we were going out.”
“Well, six years,” Dean said. “And whichever it is, it would have been stupid not to take advantage of our time.”
“You worked hard for this,” she interrupted him. “Keep it up. Yeah?”
“So?” Dean asked. He was way more excited about this than Castiel cared for.
“Twelve times, Dean!”
He did the geometry part wrong. Positively, he did it wrong. That’ll take at least fifteen points off his grade. Hell.
“Or it’s just a coincidence.”
Sam shook his head slightly.
But a couple of hours passed, and Dean didn’t show up, nor did he answer Castiel’s texts. He tried calling, but there was no answer. Dean must’ve fallen asleep, or lost himself in the case and forgotten their plans. So he got on a bus, convinced Dean just lost track of time. And by the time he got off the bus, he was solidly anxious.
Dean tore his eyes from Cas to glare at her.
“Hey, you wanna get married?”
“Timothy,” said Castiel, at the same time Dean said,
“Homework.”
Castiel shook his head. “We’re going to take off,” he said to Chuck.
“My old college roommate called today.”
“Is there someone else...?” he asked reluctantly. He wasn’t sure he wanted to hear the answer.
Dean’s smile becomes somewhat provoked, and there’s a spark in his eyes that Castiel knows all too well. His silent resentment, not overcoming his emotions, but making him bold.
“And please don’t ever say ‘dawg’ again,” Dean added.
“Why?”
Each for their own reason.
“Tell him no,” he said, “Or give me my phone back.”
For a moment, they looked at each other, and there was something soft in Dean’s eyes. Then his expression broke into a smile. He said,
“Yeah,” Chuck said. His eyes dropped to Castiel’s shoes. “Yeah. Where- where are you going?”
Dumbass. Dean bumped his hand back.
“I know,” Castiel said, even though he wouldn’t count on that.
He laughed. “Read the tone when people say ‘I don’t remember anything’, Cas.”
He didn’t know where he was going. He wasn’t one to roam aimlessly in castle halls, and the corridors were so intricate that anyone could easily lose his way in them. Now, he hoped he would get lost. There was nothing he wanted more than a reasonable amount of peace of mind.
“When they bother you at school.”
“Thanks for dinner, Mr. Shurley,” said Dean, and they left.
It’s not like she was angry. She just looked sad. And that made Dean feel a little miserable, and a little relieved. That this was out of their way, maybe. Whatever this was. And she did smile at Cas a couple times; he had this effect on people, and Dean was starting to recognize the pattern – they always found him somewhat strange and mildly loveable, but for the parts in him he didn’t try with, rather than the other way around. They laughed when he didn’t make jokes. Their expressions softened at something he didn’t intend on winning their affection with. They put a hand on his shoulder when he seemed sad, even though he tried his damnest not to let it show.
Either way, he couldn’t say that to a person whose worst misstep in life was an honest mistake. Dean’s Kitsune was a well thought-out execution. It might’ve been a monster, but he sure did mean to kill her.
“You pushed me first,” Cas said.
“I can marry you,” said Garth. “Yeah, I got ordained online and all. It could be my first hunters’ wedding!”
“We’re-” Castiel started, but Something in his peripheral vision distracted him. He glanced at Dean’s chest. “Why does your necklace glow?”
Dean was scheduled for a meeting at the principal's office, which was next-level serious. Plus, it was at four in the afternoon, which meant he was missing his Thursday shift in the escape room. The fact that he barely seemed to be bothered by missing work only worried Castiel more.
Cas felt alright. He felt so alright, that for most of the night he sat in his bed and wrote notes and used his phone for research, which drove Dean crazy, which resulted in him being removed from the ward by Claire.
He sat leaning on his father’s spare car – his old one – and skimmed the parking lot of Sam’s school for a familiar face. Sam showed up after a minute, hugging him tightly. It took him by surprise, but he raised a hand to rest around Sam’s shoulder.
Cas looked at him. “I’m not writing that.” Their faces were close, closer than they should be for the sake of Dean’s blood pressure.
“Fine,” he said. They could talk about it later. They took a seat at a table facing the window. “So what
“I don’t want the gold,” Castiel responded. He paused. Dean waited for him to continue. “I want my freedom. I tell you how to find the gold, and you let me go.”
“It’s not the same,” Dean said insistently from between his teeth.
“Please.”
“So?”
“No one’s around,” Cas remarked blandly. “Probably because you’re so reluctant to give out information about your work.”
“Gray is neutral,” he argued.
It’s a sign. It must be. He tried to contact Dean in every possible way, and God is telling him to stop trying.
"What?"
"What do think about this guy?" She asked. Dean looked back at Cas' bed. Jack was sitting by it, head tilted, eyebrows furrowed.
Not that he was lying to himself. He’s had a huge crush on that little nerdy dude since about the third day of them moving in together. He just hoped, quite desperately, that it wasn’t showing too much. And that his abs
“I’ll take the PB&J,” said Cas.
“Seventeen years.” Castiel’s voice was only barely audible. “You said nothing.”
“Doesn’t have to get competitive,” said Dean.
“Is everything okay?” Asked Donna.
“Okay,” Dean said. “I’ll take that as a yes, I guess.” Splash, again.
. “Alright. Let’s take it step by step. We can have dinner, I’ll work my charm on them, they’ll love me, and once they’re convinced we’re an amazing couple, we’ll tell them.”
Castiel’s eyes narrowed. “Is everything okay?”
“What’s up?” He said, trying to sound casual.
"I don't know what that is."
Dean traced the edge of the table with his finger. “That’s great,” he said, watching his plate. Meg raised her head to look at him.
He hung up.
Dean stared at it, unsure how he was supposed to react. “…Ew?”
A moment of silence. “Well, there wouldn’t be much of a difference if you played.”
“Why not?”
“No one remembers each other’s names yet,” Meg mumbled to him.
“He says your grades don’t matter,” Meg informed him.
“Cas, every fucking song is about you.”
"Right,” he said. “Thanks, man.” And he slid between April and the backrest of the chair before them and sat down beside Castiel, turning to smile up at her.
He had to tell Dean.
“Come on. I’ll fill you in,” Bobby said and went to sit at the table. “What do you know about the case?”
“There’s so much useless stuff here.”
“Rules are rules,” said Castiel.
“Need a hug?”
“Because you had a girlfriend?” Cas seemed profoundly confused, and he felt profoundly confused, because he must have gotten this story wrong, otherwise the story was... really weird.
Chuck insisted on driving. It was his new way of saying
“I couldn’t reach you and I just… I really needed to tell you something.”
“I guess.”
“Yours looks like a pan of old mac and cheese,” she grimaced.
His hand drifted over Dean’s body in disbelief, avoiding the parts that were torn, that were inside out, that made him want to vomit.
This was just the tip of the iceberg, he knew. Dean had broken his mind apart and shaped it to his liking, and he was starting to dig in. If Castiel would only let him, he would shape his heart, too, and his willpower. He had that power.
“I tend to agree,” said Cas. “We learned that I, unlike some people, have self-respect.”
“Yeah, we’re just going to go up to them and talk you up and make you all embarrassed,” said Jo.
“Festive,” Dean said.
“Uh... How about this one?” Asked Castiel, and pointed at a plain gold one that looked just like all the rest.
“Who?”
Maybe he should be sad this night was coming to an end. Honestly? What little time he spent with Cas, he ended up enjoying. But he couldn’t wait for it to end. It had been loud, and angry for the most part, and guilty pretty much throughout the whole thing.
“I used to think it was dumb,” said Charlie. “Then I got a girlfriend. And changed my mind.”
“Thanks.” He turned back to his laptop. On the bed, Dean grabbed the remote and searched his VOD for Lion King.
we talking about?”
“Hey, Cas, I think they might be onto something.”
“What was it this time?”
He seemed to be doing alright for about ten seconds. Then Meg pointed at her book and said something that seemed to thoroughly confuse him. His eyes swept over the room, and when he caught Castiel’s eyes, he looked at him helplessly. As if there was already some sort of camaraderie between them. As if their desk was a ship, and Castiel was an anchor. Castiel was deliberating on whether to go there and save them both when Dean stood up and headed back to their table.
"You seem about as dangerous as an otter right now."
It was a list, but not one specifying on food supplies or weapons or gold – what caught Castiel’s eye was the odd combination of words it presented.
“Eh.” Dean shifted uneasily. “I don’t think there will be a next time.”
“Go back to sleep,” he whispered. He found one shoe, and started undoing the laces.
"Looks lame," said Dean.
“Don’t overwork yourself,” he said softly, playing with an edge of his blanket.
Castiel walks to the window, dazed. He looks out from it, and Dean is kneeling in the dirt with his guitar and an expression so thoroughly insecure it looks like he’s hurting and Castiel can’t believe his voice can sound so rough and confident when he’s looking like that. And then he sees Cas, and that look disappears. What replaces it is a soft, hesitant smile. And he keeps singing.
In his final creative writing class they were assigned with writing haikus – a simple task way below their learning level meant to nudge their GPA upwards. When Naomi saw that he wasn’t writing anything, she made her way to his table.
“Oh, yeah. Look around you. Look... Cas, turn the camera. Look at this old dump. This is where you used to live when you were a baby. Isn’t that nuts? Not as much as me talking to a future version of you. Take a good look at this place, ‘cause by the time you’re three it’ll be long gone, just like us, probably, by the time you watch this.”
“How do you mean?” Cas asked.
At least this way he didn’t have to worry about any of these dates going well.
He looked into Dean’s eyes, emerald green, still exhilarated from their trip. And he recalled something.
“No, not the rock.” Castiel paused for a second. He felt ridiculous even suggesting it out loud. “…Each other.”
“Which is which?” He asked, squinting to make the painting out in the dark.
He checked his dorm address on his phone; the building was right in front of him. Second floor, room twenty four. With someone named Garth Fitzgerald the Fourth. Judging by the name, his roommate was going to be a pretentious pain in the ass know-it-all. He walked into the building and climbed up the stairs.
it wasn't? Or was she just playing-
“Great.”
“I won’t fall asleep,” Cas promised. Sam pushed play, and the screen darkened and then came to life. Cas readjusted, pushing his legs against the armrest, and leaned his shoulder and head against Dean. “Is this alright?” He asked almost inaudibly. Dean caught Bobby smiling at them and looked away.
“Out,” Cas cut him off, leaning in, dangerously close to dropping pretenses.
“I don’t know. Dogs?” Dean liked dogs. And he looked upset, or tense, for the least, and it made Castiel nervous.
Cas looked up at him, and there was the flicker of a smile in his eyes.
Reluctantly, uncertainly, he brought the screen to life and typed in a number:
Dean shrugged her stare off. He couldn't explain it to someone who hadn't been through what Cas and him had been through. How the worst nightmares were often the things that had already happened happening again.
Dean followed her down the stairs with half the seniors class trailing behind him, holding their faces and groaning in pain.
“Can you say mama?”
Dean moved from the door. “You wanna...?”
“I don’t know. Morally questionable? Not what normal people do?”
“I just... I need a break,” Cas said. “This is just a little much.”
“Would you be willing to bet your life and all your people’s lives on it as well?” Azazel asked slyly. John gave him a long, hard look, before standing from his chair and leaving the room.
Dean nudged his shoulder. “What’s with you?”
“That’s because not a single one stuck in my mind,” Cas said, and kissed him again.
It was weird, how feelings worked like the weather.
“Yeah,” he said. “So, I’m going to go home. Are you coming?” He asked Dean.
And now, the last thing he wanted to do was come over. He had that sinking feeling that going to Dean's house meant coming back from there regretting having gone.
“We so are,” said Meg, and the edges of her mouth rose when their eyes locked.
He hesitated. “I don’t know.” He wanted to ask about Mary, but something stopped him. He didn’t want to make Dean any sadder than he already was. And, except, they had a lifetime to talk about the hard things. At least for today, he wanted to be the reason Dean’s face lit up, not the source of his unhappiness. “You can go again.”
He muted the sound of Garth’s babbling then and glanced across the hall. Cas was on the other side of the room, explaining to the Winchesters things about some engineer's project that were probably very, very wrong. Dean watched his hand gestures, the expressions on his face, and smiled to himself.
Crap.
“There’s a box labelled ‘important’ somewhere.”
And finally – he understood it. Dean’s sightlessness, his unreason at Ruby taking his brother months and months ago. And Dean had been right; he was ready to charge through the door, plan or no plan. It didn’t matter. There was only one thing that mattered.
“’What is wrong with you, that’s gross’,” she said while she was typing.
Dean was quiet for a few moments. His eyes skipped across the landscape restlessly.
“And then… fly,” Sam went on, huffing in amazement. “The guy with the aviophobia. On the back of a wild dragon.”
Hannah smiled, and although she didn’t get the message, Dean couldn’t stop a smile from tearing through his defenses.
“Captured soldier Castiel, you have unwisely stumbled upon-“ and his chest puffed slightly as he uttered the next words- “a pirate ship!”
“No,” he lied quickly, to Dean’s confused expression, before he left the room, a little red in the face.
“I’ll go get some,” said Dean. “Have you called your siblings?”
“I shouldn't have asked you to do this. Not when I already had someone in mind that I was trying to forget about.” He’d started off heatedly, but his words crumbled toward the end. Still, he held Dean’s eyes.
He slid off his chair and walked to the front.
“I dunno, less general stuff,” said Dean.
Castiel turned out to be more help than he thought he could be. During the days on their way to the Siren Islands he followed Dean around on deck – ‘to keep an eye on you’, Dean kept saying, although he didn’t seem to recoil from arming Castiel with knives, ropes, or heavy boxes of precious gems.
“I said you don’t have to share.”
’. For real, this looks like a bunch of ladies taking a shower together,” she said, turning to Castiel. “Your guess?”
And then he empties it again and refills it with the healthy shit. He needs to move on. And the food doesn’t actually comfort him; it just makes him gassy.
Dean shook his head and leaned in again, but Cas pulled back. “It seemed important,” he said, his eyes searching Dean’s face, wide and worried. Dean bit his lip.
Dean stared at her blankly. He almost had it; he could feel it on the margins of his brain. If she could just give him a clue, like... like tell him her name, then he would
“The school.”
Castiel sat up, taking a moment to process the headache that hit him like someone pushed him head-first into a pool, and looked around for a clock. It was just past five in the morning.
He looked at Dean expectantly, as if waiting for him to just say,
“I’m free on Saturday,” said Cas and looked at him, waiting for an answer.
If the room could get any more uncomfortable than it already was, Shelley’s words did the trick.
He shook the feeling off. Slowly, unwillingly, he picked up the phone and wrote a text message.
It sounded like someone was trying to pick the lock.
“It’ll be faster to throw me into the sea, you know,” Castiel spat out. The captain smiled.
“We better make sure Bobby won,” said Dean, and they got up. He patted Castiel’s back as they went.
Dean stepped closer, poked his head out. The metal stairs led to the roof.
He wasn’t pretending.
Dean was finished too soon, looking over at him, smiling at whatever expression was on his face. He opened his mouth as if to say something he’s completely forgotten about as soon as he’d thought it, and for a moment it almost seemed like he felt what Castiel was feeling, never wanting to move on, never wanting to look away.
“I’d love that,” he said. He looked around and saw the white lady again. She was walking towards someone, raising her hands – only then, Machete Lady from before sliced through her with a crowbar, and she vanished into thin air. “I’d… love that,” Castiel repeated. “But I can’t. Will you excuse me.”
“Uh… Six months? I moved in at the beginning of the school year. Was hoping to find a full-time job sooner.”
“Oh,” said Chuck, like he wasn’t expecting that to come up. “No. No. Of course not. You know, I’ve been with a lot of women back in my time,” he said. “A lot of guys, too. Sometimes at the same time. I remember once back in my early twenties, it was around 1985-”
"She might be gay," he said. "And then me asking her out would be really awkward."
Well, if ‘a little’ meant ‘enough to make her shout
“Not with the seaweed again,” Dean whined. “Listen. Okay. This is gonna sound really stupid, but…” He took a stabilizing breath. He didn’t know what the laughter of a sea monster sounded like, but he thought maybe he was about to find out. “You know how in fairy tales, sometimes… a true love’s kiss, you know… lifts the curse?”
“What’s the answer?” The girl asked in a hushed voice. “To the riddle? Where does the king keep his armies?”
“What’s your kryptonite?”
He didn’t say anything to that.
“Have you got any plans for Halloween?” He asked Dean. They walked down the aisle side to side, looking around. The floor tiles were black. The fluorescent lights flickered. Dean’s hand brushed against his.
“Sam called again today,” he said. Castiel looked up from his phone. “He asked me what I want as a wedding present.”
He didn’t stop walking.
“You don’t need to explain yourself,” he said.
“After a
“Well, I figured it was something,” he said.
“How come you never made me watch this?” He asked suspiciously as they got into the car.
“It’s good to see you, Mrs. Winchester,” he said. Suck up. “Thank you for having me.”
Cas’ eyes refocused on the mass of bodies in front of him, but he didn’t move. “I’m eavesdropping.”
He crossed the street in a jog and climbed up Cas’ stairs.
He sighed. “Alright. Let’s just go out there and tell them and then leave,” he said. “Okay?”
“Yeah. So, anyway." He tapped his fingers on his knee nervously. He wasn't sure they were at a point where changing the subject would be acceptable. "About your birthday.”
Cas’ eyebrows furrowed. Dean loved everything about him. He hated that about himself.
“Dinner,” Dean replied. “The fancy kind. I’mma show you all my moves. But until then…” He hit a button on the dashboard and let Taylor Swift finish his sentence.
Nothing.
And then a blade pierced the clone's back, and he collapsed on the floor. The room turned to look at Castiel, at the foot of the stairs, and then back at the scene they’d been watching. When Dean looked at him, there was shock in his eyes, along with a kind of strange respect.
The girl put the sock down in shame and joined the rest of her group.
"I'm the only other friend you two have got. Therefore, my opinion matters one hundred percent."
He turned around and started walking. One step, two, three – until, as he’d hoped, he felt his brother follow behind him.
shelves for Baum.
“Regret it yet?”
Castiel cut her off. “No.”
Dean shrugged. “Luck.”
“What do you mean?”
was the last thing Dean had told him. He searched his brain, tried to remember the last words Dean really said to him, the last time he’d heard his voice. A Thursday night – on the phone in his dorms. He didn’t remember anymore what they’d been talking about. Something to do with sandwiches.
“L.H.O.O.Q.,” said Dean. “By Marcel Duchamp. That’s my favorite.”
“So what’s the occasion?” Asked Balthazar when they were all sitting down.
He wrote down the phone number and called it.
“Yeah, I’m not doing that,” said Dean.
Claire started up the stove while Dean took the trash out.
The Late Late Late Show?
“What are you thinking about?” Dean asked, barely audible.
“He’s your best friend, too.” His voice didn’t come out quite as deep as he was trying to make it, and he cleared his throat. “Isn’t he? You always hang out with us.”
“Do any of them think you might have a... weird vibe?”
“And until then, what? You’ll drive in circles around the square down the street?” He asked harshly. “Dean, stop. We need to think this through. We need a plan.”
“Was that weird or what?” He asked on the way back to the living room.
“I don’t know. I don’t know, Cas, but it was doing it before.”
“Hey,” said Dean.
There was a faint light outside his door. He rolled off bed and dragged his half-asleep body into the kitchen for a glass of water.
Dean turned to Castiel, raising his eyebrows. “See?” He pointed his chin at Sam. “Duct tape.”
Dean rested his forehead against his, although Castiel saw it more as a warning that he might just fall asleep than a romantic gesture.
“What did you want?” Cas grumbled. Pushing past him, Dean said,
He puts down his guitar, and Castiel hurries down the stairs, hearing behind him through the window variant disgruntled neighbors use pretty harsh words to describe where Dean could go and what he should do with his guitar.
“We should do this again,” Cas finished.
“We suck at being adults,” said Dean thirty minutes later, throwing into the sink a towel he’d somehow managed to get burning hot and soaked wet at the same time.
“I had to study,” he said.
“You don’t believe me,” he said.
“This is much more embarrassing for me than it is for you.”
He couldn’t close his eyes.
“Sorry I didn’t back you up earlier,” she said that night on their way back from dinner. “But after pretending to date one of you for a week, I wasn’t going to pretend to date another one of you for three years... You know.”
"He shows up at our house with a mysterious injury he won't let us see?" said Dean. He grabbed Claire to change her diaper.
He leaned in closer. Their lips touched, soft and perfect and lingering for just a second before Dean pulled away and their heavy breaths mixed together. And then Dean leaned in again and this time it was intense and passionate and Castiel felt himself frown and pull Dean closer and when he pulled away Dean breathed, “Got it?” And he couldn’t find the part in his brain that controlled his movements to shake his head so he breathed back a
?” Sam cried. “Wait till Charlie hears about this!”
4:28: "When do we get there? I'm hungry."
He went back to his books. It was maybe thirty minutes before Dean spoke again.
“What’s up?”
“There’s about twenty other teenage girls wearing pink who might try to French me if there isn’t any better competition than Andy fucking Gallagher back there.” And then she said: “Please.”
The lady took out the ring and handed it to Castiel. “And for you?” She asked Dean.
"Keys?" He patted his pockets. "Here. Okay, let's go."
“You’re gonna break up with me, aren’t you?”
Everything that Dean has not.
“I don't want something bad to happen without having told you...” Cas’ voice faltered. On the other side of the room, Garth stood up slowly, supporting himself on the skeleton’s armchair.
He tilted his head slightly.
Cas looked in their direction, then.
Right across from them, on the other side of the street, was a lingerie store. He’d thought it was kind of cool at first, but it got old pretty fast when he spent all day watching all the creeps who roamed it holding a
He added.
(See the end of the chapter for
Which meant he was staying over. That was his life now. It couldn’t get any better.
“Oh. I guess I haven’t thought about it.” He looked at Dean. “Have you?”
This was too much. It was just more than Dean could handle. He put a hand to his mouth, but it didn’t help much. What started as a snort became a full-on rumbling laughter, while Cas watched and squinted, still gripping his shoulder.
“Between us,” he mused, watching Dean’s face. “Would you admit to not have beaten me easily back there?”
skillful at, however, was guiding his crowd. In a time much shorter than Castiel had expected he was standing against the colossal totem, bracing the weight of half a dozen other men as Dean climbed their limbs like ladder steps. They must have looked absurdly silly – some seven pirates sitting on top of each other, hugging their stone brace for dear life, and Dean jumping from one to the other as smoothly as butter melting on toast.
Slowly, his eyes adjusted to the brightness of the sun in his face, and the features of the man standing above him were finally becoming visible. He was young, maybe thirty years old, with chiseled-like features and a few days’ old bristles. But the sculpted, sun-freckled face didn’t help his appearance: Castiel was beholding the most intimidating man he has ever seen.
In the friendly, objective kind of way.
“Well-“ Yes.
Inside, the house was spacious and full of cardboard boxes. A wall of big windows brought natural light into the room: kitchen along the left wall, and a wide open living room taking the rest of the first floor space.
Meg shrugged. “Nerd.” That girl was about as pliable as a rock. “Clarence? Any favorites?”
But it was a big deal. It was his boyfriend who lied to him and then saved his entire family's life.
“Cas, you’ve got the highest GPA in class.”
“You don't care at all?”
“He’s back.”
Argument won.
Right.
“You don’t have to do this,” said Charlie hesitantly.
Dean watched the road for a few moments.
He didn’t look at her. “Sure.”
He turned to Meg. “Are you going?” On the other side of their little circle, Dean’s shoulders sagged. Meg pulled hers up.
“I screwed up.”
He stared out the window, counting the same four stars he could see again and again. Damn light pollution. It was ten minutes or so before Cas spoke.
Castiel opened Dean’s laptop and pointed at the man in the picture.
“I dunno what you mean.” He knew what she meant, and he turned around and handed away the Frappuccino before she had a chance to speak. He had enough of the Turd as is – he was sick of the Cas talk, and he didn’t want to hear another word about him for the rest of existence.
“Why is it happening?” Castiel wondered. Dean shook his head.
“So your problem is too many beautiful women? Life’s hard when you’re royalty, I guess.”
“It’s whatever.”
He watched the principal wrap it up and clear the stage for another teacher to name a few honor roll students, feeling a new sort of hope, almost a prayer, that everything might just be alright.
“Why didn’t we stop in a different town, then?”
Cas checked the coupon. “It says ‘served until 8 pm’.”
Everyone was quiet.
"Eek."
“And why he doesn’t like bringing people into his house.”
“Tell my family I love them!” He clutched the collar of Castiel’s shirt. “Cas, you’re like family to me.” He let out a cough and called: “The monsters are closing in! You must go without me!”
“How about small weapons?”
“You look deeply disturbed.”
, he wrote, but before he could hit send, Cas touched his arm to stop him. He looked up. Cas returned him a look, his eyes worried.
“Not today,” he said, and Dean stopped in his tracks.
He used to get good grades. He used to feel smart. But there’s no one left to wash the dishes if all you do is study.
“You look normal,” he said.
Dean read through the pages for a few moments. “I’mma give this to you, Cas,” he said. “These are prostitutes. Diverse prostitutes. He’s combining elements of Iberian and African art.”
Claire said, “Good luck,” and gave him a side-hug.
“Murders,” said Michael’s wife. “It was even on the news.”
“Sorry,” she said. “Go on.”
“No. I’m…” He looked at Cas’ face and swallowed. “Kiss me.”
“Alright,” he said. He felt a little overwhelmed. Were they about to go and try to kill a homicidal supernatural being using a fork?
“Oh, you’re both here,” said Crowley when he saw them. “Good. I suppose that saves us some time.”
“We were in the same class in middle school,” he said, tugging Dean’s wrist lightly, to his own dismay, just to get Dean away from the crotch.
?” Dean tried. This time, the beast’s tail fell into the water with a wide splash and it let out a low cry.
“I know.” He smiled, but there was sadness in his eyes. “You’re pretty tough.”
“I’ll go up there.”
“Yeah,” he said. “Just trying to get used to sleeping alone again.”
He brushed his teeth, changed into sweats, and shut the light.
“I don’t know,” said Castiel. “Who are those?”
The look in his eyes was a knife in Castiel’s gut.
“Or push them from a balcony,” Meg added.
“Why?” Asked Meg.
“I’m not your babysitter,” she said. “I’m your friend.”
The science lab was empty, except for Robert Man. He stood at the back of the room – a spot Castiel could see through a slit in the door – and watched his briefcase.
“Define often.”
Sam could take care of the heirs, for all he cared. And then this kingdom would be doomed to worship princes and princesses who didn’t eat gluten and used the word
“Kind of thought it would last forever for you two,” she said.
“Anyone. My brother, first and foremost. And now he won’t forgive me, and everyone else looks at me like… well, you’ve seen. It’s ironic, but the only person who doesn’t resent me is my dad.”
And he’d never felt this way before: his fingers tingling, stomach twisting, breath catching in his throat, not wanting to ever move away. It wouldn’t take much to just lean in and touch his lips to Dean’s, but he would never do that; would never think to do something so graceful and so careless, would never be as brave as to ask Dean if that was something that he wanted. He took a breath, and it was all Dean. And then Dean leaned in, and he mirrored the motion like an instinct, and their lips touched.
“I have to go,” he breathed out, and it felt like the stupidest thing he could have possibly said. He just kissed a boy.
“Remember…” Dean started, and then paused. “And if you tell anyone about this, I will come at you with a hammer.”
Castiel didn’t answer, nor did his piercing expression soften. In his mind, he ran through his options. He knew Dean was right, although he wouldn’t admit it with a knife to his throat; he was outgunned, outmanned. Outnumbered and outplanned. There was no point in getting himself slain trying to keep his secret covert, for it was his own ass that this secret protected.
He opened his door and stepped out of the car.
scared of him. He could barely imagine what this boy who held his hand and led him carefully through a garden might do to make anyone afraid of him. To make anyone feel unsafe around him.
“I got a book.”
He didn’t turn around. He felt out the table in the dark, and when his fingers found Dean’s laptop, he opened it hastily.
He couldn’t look at the bed for too long. His father looked old like this, with his head limp on the pillow, much older than he had this morning. And a little frightening with this grayness to his skin, like the life had been knocked out of him. “He just got out of surgery. It should take a couple of hours until a doctor checks on him again. Then we’ll know more.” For the most part, he was reciting the nurses’ words. He didn’t know what
he wrote back.
“Yeah,” Dean said shortly. “Anyway, you gotta work along with me here, man.”
“Did he ever mention why he took the job?” Asked Bobby.
There was something odd about that man. He sounded old. Actually, he sounded very young. But there was something old fashioned about the way he spoke.
“No, they don’t,” said April.
Dean nodded at the floor, but it didn’t seem genuine. He pulled his hand back, and Castiel let it go.
“Not so much.” His eyes swept across the space around them. Castiel looked behind him – and there was nothing but ordinary train passengers. Dean’s fingers tapped on the railing. “Not anymore.”
Castiel sighed tragically and sent a wide eyed look at the ceiling. “I guess you don’t have to help me. I’ll just ask Garth, he ought to have some good romance tips.”
“So, do you regret coming?” Jo yelled into his ear.
“Three weeks,” said Sam. “Dean...”
"Daughter," said Dean. "I don't know. Let me ask..." His voice faded, and he felt a sudden throb in his chest. He wanted to shout at Cas.
“No?” His classmate’s eyes narrowed. “Why?”
Really, really didn’t envy him.
“I guess.” Bobby eyed him warily. “They could be blond. Why?”
“Popcorn: check. Hot chocolate to dip the popcorn in because we’re gross: check.” Dean set down two mugs on the coffee table and settled on the couch, his smile teasing. “Boyfriend who’s not listening to me? Check.”
This bond he had with Dean went deeper than Castiel could think.
And he was gone from sight in seconds.
. He didn’t say it like a question: “What’s your point with the different materials.”
“I have some studying to do. But it’s fine.” Dean’s birthday was in two days. And he did promise. He could take a break for one evening, even if it meant he would miss a deadline or two...
Castiel allowed himself the hint of a smile.
He walked off the stage, the double doors at the end of the hall tempting him to burst through them.
“You’re a lesbian.” Slowly, deliberately, Meg’s eyes shifted to Dean, and narrowed even further. “Really?”
Five years. Every fifth word. He struggled to count while Cas kept talking.
“Remember last week?” Asked Dean. “Two a.m., no context, you message me,
“I promise I’ll do my best to embarrass myself,” Cas prompted, watching the curve of Dean’s slumped shoulders, waiting for them to lift. They didn’t.
Dean’s eyes fell to the ground for a moment, as he mumbled, “…me.”
“Call the police?” Said Gabriel. “And tell them what? That on the first night of Christmas Santa gave us a clone?”
"I'm not leaving you alone with that guy," he said.
“Well, that’s just embarrassing,” Dean muttered, stretching his arms, feeling the back of his neck and finding that he was alright.
“They might,” he said.
"Mr. Winchester?"
“Can I come in?”
“Yeah?”
"Come on," Castiel leaned in and touched his arm, lowering his voice. "I'm worried."
“I’d rather you didn’t,” said Castiel. He broke off their hug, and looked into Dean’s eyes. Then he kissed him.
“Are you going to the play tomorrow night?” Asked Meg.
in place. He looked around: no one was there. He took the book titled
He watched the road as Dean drove quietly. It was maybe six or seven minutes before the view changed, the houses shrinking down and then turning into old, short buildings, the cars old and tired, and the pavement turned from bricks to gray cement. Dean pulled up in an empty parking spot, and they got out of the car. He eyed Castiel – expecting him to look around in shock, maybe, or wear a horrified expression, but this was hardly the first neighborhood he’d visited that wasn’t filthy rich. Some of his siblings were worse off. He himself was probably going to end up in a one-bedroom with a moldy shower one day, and he was more than fine with that, so long as he didn’t have to take care of an old unconscious drunk.
“Great. So I’m stuck with you for the next four hours.”
“Hey, Cas?” Dean said in the dark.
“Have you got anything else?”
“I’d rather be sure,” he said. “I might have given you a window spray. The bottles aren't labeled.”
“Could you... give me a for-instance?” He asked.
. He looked through the tabs.
“Yeah.”
One thing is apparent: this song was written for a man. That doesn’t come as any sort of surprise for Castiel, except, maybe, that he didn’t imagine Dean would want to broadcast it to the entire world so soon. And it might be completely crazy, maybe even arrogant, but he thinks he might have an idea as to who’s the guy Dean had in mind while writing that song. He just needs to put the pieces of the puzzle together.
Cas pursed his lips and typed. Dean watched the phone over his shoulder.
“They doing alright?”
God, he should get an Oscar for this.
He looked up to see Meg coming his way.
“I’ll see you Thursday,” Castiel said at the car.
“What are you going to do when school is over?”
Dean shook his head. “When did it stop being you and me against the world, man?”
"About what?"
Bobby touched his shoulder. “Come on. We’ve gotta go before police gets here.”
There was a couple-minutes interlude while Cas ascertained (quite thoroughly) (unnecessarily so, to Dean’s opinion) that this information was legit. There really was a couple’s therapist’s office in a building right by them. Dean really had a recently-ex girlfriend (he showed pictures). Dean was mentally sound (if you didn’t count aerophobia and an obsession with He-Man).
“Yeah.” Castiel’s eyes narrowed. “It is.”
The school play I'm talking about is a Carry On fic I made last year, so
“Huh.” Meg propped her head on her fist. “I didn’t realize you were so close with your neighbor. What could you possible fight with your neighbor about?”
And so, a decision was made, but it wasn’t made in the sense that it was decided. It was made in the sense that during drives to the supermarket the shopping list was gradually taken over by baby things. It was made at four a.m. when neither of them had slept for a week and still they were both up and desperately trying to calm the baby down. It was made within the shift of all those things, bit by bit, and before they could realize things were shifting, it had already been done, and it could not be undone: they were not giving this girl away.
He got out of the car and climbed up the stairs, knocking on Dean’s door. He checked his phone while he waited: he was two minutes earlier than he’d told Dean he’d be there. Was that weird? He knocked again. Maybe Dean was in the shower, and was waiting for a minute and forty seconds to pass before he came out. That made sense. Except now the image of Dean opening the door with wet hair and no shirt on was in his head, and he couldn’t get it out.
Dean’s smile.
Charlie eyed him. He watched the counter. If she was judging him, he couldn’t see it, therefore she wasn’t judging him.
"Not much older than you," said Dean. "Maybe a year or a couple older."
“I mean, we're barely even a couple.”
Dean turned to look at him, and now Sam was looking at Castiel like he was regretting ever having spoken. Castiel sent him a reassuring look – or at least, he tried to make it reassuring.
Dean’s fingers twitched, itching to follow him, tackle him, steal his box – but he turned to the empty storage room instead.
“Stay behind me,” said Castiel when Sam reached him. Dean was already on the other side of the barn, getting patted down by the demon.
The next morning, Dean slumped in a chair beside him in math.
“Dean...”
“I told you not to worry.”
The man currently holding a sword to his breathing canals was everything but a bourgeois with a wedged bottom. He was wearing airy clothes, smeared and stained, and through the slit of his parted lips were visible more than a few golden teeth. One of his eyes was covered with an eyepatch, the other green like spring Virginian hills and burning with spunk.
For a moment, he let himself get lost in the fantasy; someone looking him in the eye and telling him everything they’d been saying behind his back. Everything they’d been whispering in the halls, not quite low enough for him not to be able to make the words out.
“Alright?” he managed. The shiny blue in Cas’ eyes seemed to brighten under the fluorescents.
Dean’s car.
It was ten p.m. But he doubted his father would care. “Sure.”
“It’s okay,” said Sam and took the bag.
“You’re not wrong.”
“Yeah,” Dean grumbled. “Choice.”
The creature splashed his tail once.
It would probably be easiest for Dean if no one knew, if he could just put Castiel behind and forget any of this ever happened, right? …Right?
“We’re cool,” Castiel assured him. “Um- one question, though. Back in Michael’s house, on Christmas – you just showed up.”
“Is there something wrong?” Cas asked once they were upstairs, behind Dean’s closed door.
Walking to Castiel's room, Dean looked around at everything with awe. Maybe he was wishing he were able to see these halls around him every day. Castiel didn’t ask.
Gabriel looked up at him from behind piles of books and candy on his desk. “Close the door,” he said, “and tell me what happened.”
He didn’t let himself think about what would happen if Cas got together with Nora, or with someone else, before they ever got to the Christmas activity.
Dean opened his mouth to answer, but Cas was quicker.
“Good,” said Bobby. Then he was off.
“I want it,” Dean said finally.
“Is that your way of thanking me?” Cas raised an eyebrow.
“Everyone’s a perfectionist,” he replied.
thing, Castiel noticed. Whenever something real seeped out, he would shut it off with a smirk and an arrogant comment.
“Dean?” He said into the phone – or something like it. His voice was slurred with sleep.
“I like it,” he said, touching the ring that rested on his chest now. He looked up at Castiel. “Are we crazy to be doing this?”
"That's because I just made it up," said Dean. "Secrets in turns. No rules. Go."
“It doesn’t matter,” he said. “It’s just grades.”
“It’s a tie,” he said after counting the results.
“What kind of favor?” The marbles rolled all over the floor. It was embarrassing.
There was silence then, and Dean felt his feet carry him downstairs before he was found eavesdropping.
He would miss her. As he would miss Sam, and Bobby. But he would never miss the reason why they’d found themselves in this house for the first place.
Meanwhile, the dough-heads chasing him must have realized he was making his slow path towards an escape, because the booming shots were back. He climbed up the rope, the scent of turquoise salt water mixing with gunpowder in each strenuous breath he took, until he reached the margin of the deck and rolled onto it.
"Okay. I create a distraction, you run in the other direction."
The door opened, then, and a group of five middle-schoolers walked in. They were irritatingly loud, but young enough to have a sort of awe for Dean and him, and they fell silent when they saw the two of them. Being a senior was the best.
“If we find him.”
Dean stuck his head out the window of his car and waved.
The lady laughed in the kind of sociable way retail workers did when they were trying to telepathically signal you to go away.
He didn’t mean it to happen. He wasn’t quite sure if Dean did. The wind was ruffling their hairs. He could feel the warmth of Dean’s skin beneath his fingers. Dean leaned over and his hand touched Castiel’s knee – to support his own weight, surely, to not fall down again. His lips were close, so close, and moving – murmuring about how happy he’s been in the past few something – Castiel didn’t pay attention, couldn’t hear anything beyond the beating of his pulse behind his ears. Dean’s movements were sharp, intended, not slippery with the influence of the entire bottle of alcohol he’d finished. His eyes closed, and Castiel could feel his own shoulders leaning forward – and then he stopped.
“Well, it’s your birthday.”
“Next week’s the last lesson, anyway,” he answered. “After the assembly.”
"There's no guide book on how to say this..." Chuck glanced at him from behind the wheel. “Well,” he said. “Basically... I’m God.”
“The school play. Ms. Mills said if we don’t go she’ll hunt us down and behead us because the juniors worked really hard on it.”
"Which is your birthday,” said Dean.
he wrote back.
“Our price range is limited,” he said. The lady paused, as if having to recalculate her course of action.
“Yeah,” Castiel raised an eyebrow. “Because you get snacky.”
He wanted to ask his father when was the last time he took a look at a calendar. But he didn’t. Chuck looked up, abandoning his writing when he saw what his son was doing.
“Give me a moment,” Castiel said to him.
It was probably fine.
“Sure,” he said, maybe a tad too forcefully, and grabbed his textbook. They were going to see Dean on Friday, either way.
"In the morning," Dean snapped.
“I hope you’re not planning on studying at your brother’s,” said Dean.
“I dropped out.” Dean let it out like a breath he’d been holding. “At the end of junior year. My dad died over the summer, and I just couldn’t go back. I couldn’t go through a whole year of school and provide for my brother at the same time. So I moved away,” he let out another breath and rubbed a hand at his forehead. “And lied on my resume to get someone to hire me.”
“Sounds good,” said Cas. “I’ll give you my phone number, so you can text me an address.”
“Leave town.” Dean lifted his shoulders, and let them fall. “Move somewhere no one knows my name, like we always do when that happens. Somewhere closer to Sam, maybe.”
Charlie ignored her and looked at Dean pleadingly. “Just be nice to him.”
“Oof.” Dean scrunched his nose.
“The Quality,” Balthazar finished.
Couldn’t let stupid Gordon be the thing that broke him. He shook his head and started running again, gaining momentum, stretching his muscles.
“What was that?” Asked Balthazar. But the way he said it made it clear that he already had a very clear idea of ‘that’ and of what it was.
Leaving his father. Leaving Dean. Leaving this town.
“While I spend every day, you know, trying to fight my brain telling me the exact same things.”
“What’s with her?” Dean asked.
“What for?” Castiel’s eyebrows furrowed.
“Don’t touch him,” Michael barked very quietly, and Luci rolled his eyes and let the little hand go.
“You left,” he answered. It came out plainer, more hurt than he’d intended. “You left me.”
“Useless.”
He didn’t know what to say.
“I wouldn’t count that as an advantage,” said Charlie. “A bar party with no alcohol.” She looked at Dean for approval, as he often did to her, but he avoided her eyes. He looked around the class and prayed for the next lesson to start before someone asked him whether he was going.
“Anything I can help with?”
“Yes?”
“Garth called
Dean stopped as he passed by her on his way out.
Just Garth.
“I know it’s true. That’s why I’m protesting.”
Dean turned to look at Castiel. “Take care of my brother,” he said quietly.
“What quality?” Cas frowned.
He made up his mind with some amount of confidence, not minding his surroundings, until he looked over to see Cas standing by the dining table and reading something on his phone.
“I’m just going to take the car back tonight,” he told Dean.
“Cas,” he said when the other boy didn’t seem to be daunted by his reaction. “Neither of us knows how to bake.”
“My parents aren’t home,” Cas explained on their way to the living room. He situated Dean on a wide sofa that he shared with a blanket and a bowl of popcorn, in front of a large, thin TV. Then he disappeared into the kitchen and came back with two mugs of hot chocolate, turning the lights off on his way to the couch.
Hey, this one's for my freb,
Dean looked around inconspicuously and found his target, a couple of students from their class talking over their cups.
“Fine.” Castiel’s eyes narrowed.
“It’s perfect,” he said. “Actually, it’s a little too small. But otherwise...” He gave it back to the lady.
“I’m going to buy two pairs of pink glittery socks to beat you at doing a sock slide,” Cas corrected.
He hit the gas a little harder.
“There were two things on my mind when I wrote the lyrics,” he says, subtly ignoring Crowley’s question, and his eyes flicker to the camera for half a moment. Castiel takes a shallow breath, trying to restore the air that’s been punched out of his lungs. Seeing Dean’s face, his hand gestures, come to life in front of him for the first time in five years takes him aback. And if he had any doubt until now, it’s vanished, it’s completely gone.
But Dean was unfazed.
“Everyone else does!”
“A’ight, a’ight. I’m up.”
“I have everything,” Castiel continued. “And I need to work ten times as hard as you to get where you are. If anything – I’m the failure. You make things work no matter how impossible the circumstances are, and I screw things up no matter how hard I try.”
