"Three - two - one -"
Would John do the same thing to someone else that had been done to him? Would John cheat on his partner? With a prostitute, no less?
"John...I'm going to come!" he moaned.
“What do you mean where am I going to put him? He's going to live here,” John answered calmly. “And you're never going to see me in a bad mood again. Because he'll always be here when I need him.”
Sherlock shoved his bottom lip forward with a sullen expression, but at least he had the decency to lower his gaze sheepishly.
." Then he left.
Irene promptly took a step back, trying to control her shaking hands.
After forty blows, Sherlock began to moan softly and arch into the hits. But he still flinched away after every one. It almost came across like a dance to John... approaching and retreating in an even rhythm.
"Really?" Sherlock murmured with that combination of fascination and disbelief that told John he'd said just the right thing.
"Sun Tzu? Are you sure? Because that was also in
"Never," John answered dispassionately as he slipped into his jacket.
“But I can't!” Sherlock protested.
The chauffeur who had driven them over entered the hall behind them, breathing heavily as he set Sherlock's bags down. There had ended up being three suitcases after all … most of the contents were books and other odds and ends. He'd kept very little of his clothing, a decision which he was now happy about. Jeans and t-shirts didn't seem appropriate for this environment. At least there was no need for John to be ashamed of his appearance today, as - in honour of the occasion - Sherlock was wearing the expensive suit Irene had bought for him back when John became his regular client.
"Not yet," John said. Flat. Controlled.
"What?!" John blurted out, having no idea what he was talking about. "Bombing? What am I supposed to have to do with a bombing?!"
"The fact is... I was too slow. Dave and Naresh were too slow. Moran was... faster. The fastest shot I've ever seen." The praise tasted bitter on his tongue. "Although Moran did know that Albright had a gun within reach under his desk. That's why he was able to react more quickly. Dave, Naresh and I never thought Albright might shoot at me."
Sherlock glanced at John across the breakfast table. He couldn't let John catch on. He wanted to enjoy these last few unsullied moments with him. Would John support him against Mycroft once the bomb went off - and Sherlock didn't doubt for one second that it would come to that; fate simply hated him that much. Would John stick by him?
That seemed to be the end of Sherlock's patience, as his expression changed suddenly to become alert, distrustful, and closed.
"Miiike... your phone..."
"Control. Why is it that you can never control yourself?" he said, playing at being aggrieved by the fact, and clicked disapprovingly with his tongue. "Lick it clean," he ordered with cold detachment, moving the two besmirched fingers closer to Sherlock so he could reach them.
Mike nodded once. "Kenneth... Horszowski," he answered in a muted voice. "
"Yeah, FANTA," Greg shot back heatedly. "Fuck And Never Touch Again."
“Ah,” Sherlock made an understanding sound and regarded him through half-lidded eyes. “And what about you?” A long, slender leg emerged from under the cover like an albino snake, and a foot – surprisingly narrow for its size - settled itself directly over the bulge in John's trousers. “Were you thinking of me this whole time too?” Sherlock wiggled his toes playfully.
Moran..." Sherlock murmured half to himself before looking over at John. "So you think he's the
When Mike said good-bye that evening, he promised to have a look around for a maid, and John promised in return to think about which of Jacques' duties could be relegated to Thomas. Just then, Sherlock's phone buzzed in his trouser pocket.
Just then, Sherlock's phone vibrated.
They never discussed any of that.
"Fuck the suit," John gave voice to Sherlock's thoughts and poured some of the cream over his genitals. "
"All right," John said slowly. "You've had your fun and your petty revenge. But that's enough now. Get going."
"What? No!" Sherlock cried. "What makes you think that?"
Sugarcane juice.
Sherlock's eyes widened. "You'd help me? Against John? Against... your friend?" he asked incredulously. "Why?"
But after they’d fucked, when they were settled in each other’s arms, heartbeats slowly returning to normal, the sick feeling in the pit of his stomach wouldn’t let John rest.
"Disobeying?" he blurted out. "Disob... I was never as obedient as..."
John exhaled loudly. "Nothing you ..."
"I know I don't
go to Miss Adler and take care of everything?"
Someone had got there before him. And that someone hadn't wasted any time.
"No... no..." Sherlock protested frantically. It wasn't John's fault. He alone bore the responsibility for this entire miserable mess.
"Don't," Sherlock cut him off. "Not today. Not now," he requested more gently, and John nodded.
Jacques cleared his throat, his fingers twitching nervously before they came to a perfectly controlled rest at his trouser seam - just as was expected of a model butler.
"No... please... don't..." Sherlock finally managed to get out, and John pulled back for a brief moment to ask, "
"Hmm... no. That wasn't the reason," Sherlock murmured, nestling in more snugly against John.
Mycroft's eyes widened in shock, but he followed Greg's example and retained his composure.
After he'd worked for a few days and made several clients
Drunk on the tobacco fumes, John, and his own helplessness, Sherlock followed along with wide, pleading eyes as John wrapped the black and silver paper ring around his moist, slippery glans. The gentle touch was enough to make Sherlock start to pant.
John thought immediately. Wait. Stop. Hold on. He didn't have a heart. At least not since back when Victor had ripped it out and spit on it.
"Is John coming by today?"
"Yes. No... I simply thought..." Mycroft finally babbled, rather incoherently. It was clear that he hadn't expected this turn of events and wasn't quite sure what to do with them. But then something resolute came into his expression. "In that case, I would like to request that you disregard any allusions I may have made at our last meeting regarding your …
He was met with a murderous look. “I have the feeling you're not taking this entirely seriously,” John said darkly.
"Anything you want," John whispered without a moment's hesitation, and less than a minute later he penetrated Sherlock with two cold, slick fingers.
John was already holding one hand protectively beneath the cone of ash at the end of his cigar. He ran his tongue across his lips, and Sherlock shivered with pleasure.
Call-Me-Ella would probably trot out her favourite diagnosis here...
"George Williams," John replied, lost in thought. "I was fifteen. He was a year older."
Sherlock actually did flush at the word, but didn't answer.
"But I do... I do care." John whispered, his voice gentle, and now it was emotions that clouded Sherlock's gaze for a brief moment. "Put your legs back together... yeah, like that... nice and tight..."
"Greg..." Mycroft said hesitantly.
Mike shook his head and decided not to get involved in something that didn't concern him. It was possible Sherlock was allergic to something … nuts or lactose or gluten or whatever the stuff was called. Just like it didn't concern him one bit whatever John had done to Sherlock that time when he'd returned to the office in John's wake with red eyes and scarlet cheeks but grinning like a Cheshire cat, after being caught entering the office without permission.
According to John's logic, that was all Sherlock's fault... and he didn't know how to fix it. Hadn't he been prepared to sacrifice his
"That's what I thought," he said with a small sigh. "You know how to reach me."
,” she warbled in a sweet, dark voice. “Whatever did I do to draw your kind attention my way?”
"Yes, of course," Sherlock lied once again. Now that he'd started … he had to propagate the lie. "Why do you ask?"
"They didn't ask me," John said with a sheepish shrug. "Mike gave them the money and Mrs Turner and Eleanor threw themselves into some kind of over-the-top decorating orgy. They even got Thomas and Jacques involved... every time I dared to ask what all this crap was about, they used you as an excuse."
"John didn't throw me out and he never will," Sherlock declared hotly. "And even if he did... I'd live on the streets a thousand times over again before crawling back to you."
For how long am I married? *gg*
"Thank you, Bridges," he said softly and with great restraint. "Go back to the car and stay on alert. I'm afraid lunch is over."
Greg stared at him in disbelief. "You cannot be serious!"
"SHERLOCK!"
A short while later, both of them were lying in the bathtub, which – like all of the bathtubs in Irene Adler's establishment – was big enough for two. Sherlock was seated between John's legs, his back resting against the other man's chest.
'distractions'
John shook his head slowly. "I thought it was a reference to Douglas Adams." In answer to Sherlock's questioning look, he added, "But I guess I was way off."
But none of that was possible over the phone, not to mention that a confession like that might have a detrimental effect on John's plans. John's thoughts might end up elsewhere in a decisive moment... and that would end up putting him in danger. No, Sherlock couldn't be responsible for something like that. With a heavy heart, he pressed his lips firmly together.
"Most clients wouldn't have let that stop them," Sherlock interrupted him, his voice calm and composed. "The more I screamed and…
Sherlock groaned and stretched his body contentedly. He felt so full... so good … and knowing that John's ejaculate was still inside him was like an aphrodisiac. He sent John an indecent look from his half-lidded eyes.
"Indulge me," Mycroft challenged him patronisingly.
"Greedy," John reproached him, but nodded. "Okay. Both."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yes," Sherlock replied, and John was surprised once again. This time not by his youthful appearance, but by the warm, deep, rich sound of his voice, as well as by the bored tone he affected. "You're here to deflower me."
I don't know if I will be able to post the next chapter on Monday as usual. Because... London is calling and Hamlet! - I'm coming!!! I can't promise that I will have internet access. But I'm home next Tuesday evening and if I have to, I will post it then – with a delay of one day. I hope you will/can forgive me.
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw John pull his arm back in preparation to strike again, and then another blow hit him on the rear. Sherlock's muscles twitched, squeezing the plug inside his body, and pulled a husky groan from Sherlock's throat. The blow had been perfect. Perfectly placed - right on the tender spot between buttocks and thigh. Perfectly delivered - weak enough to feel good but strong enough to hurt. John kept varying the strength of his strokes … one time as soft as a caress and then so hard that the sound of the blow virtually exploded in Sherlock's ears and brought tears to his eyes.
She sighed softly.
"Yeah, my Maglite. What am I supposed to do with it? Light the way to the nick?"
“Bit not good.” John gave him a small, forced smile over his shoulder. “And you realised it a bit late.”
And just to let you know... during the week I always post those pic-sets on my tumblr. Or some small part of the new chapter as a teaser. No need to follow me. Just check here:
could..."
“Where else should I be?” Sherlock asked forthrightly. “John won’t get rid of me that easily. He’d need to bring out bigger guns than he did last night.” He became pensive, finally shrugging and saying, “He’d have to shoot me or something...”
...) would have been sufficient to enthuse John for a second round. But knowing that Sherlock had done it to keep himself in a state of arousal for hours on end made John's throat go dry.
Sherlock lifted his head then let it fall back onto the table with a loud thud. The pain in the back of his skull brought him halfway back to his senses for a few vital seconds.
Mrs Turner nattered on about everything and nothing, Thomas grinned while he cleaned some shoes, and Eleanor sewed buttons onto his and John's shirts, blushing faintly when she noticed Sherlock watching her. Sherlock's cheeks turned pink as well when he recalled how and in the course of which activity those shirts had lost their buttons in the first place. He quickly hid his face in his cup and drank the hot cocoa that Mrs Turner had prepared especially for him. It tasted of childhood and happiness and comfort.
Kenneth bit his lip and stared at John in honest confusion. "
"Fuck," Victor whispered. His forehead was sweat-damp with fear.
"Nothing! It's nothing," he insisted, his voice thick.
Why wasn't Sherlock doing his clinging vine act and wrapping his arms and legs around him?
With a fiendish grin that promised nothing good was about to happen, John set about satisfying Sherlock's curiosity.
Sherlock's erection twitched in joyous anticipation at the thought, and a moan, full of longing, escaped his lips as his hard flesh squeezed even tighter than it already was around the equally hard foreign object. It was a sensation he could definitely become addicted to...
"Did he cheat on John?" Sherlock heard himself asking before he'd even completed the thought.
"Relax, Sherlock," John whispered into the dark curls. "Just relax... let go... we can't have you pulling a muscle on top of everything else."
Not much time passed from the initial feverish concept (feverish with excitement... not because I was sick) to the uploading of the first chapter. I posted the first chapter on May 6, 2013, and the story was actually complete on June 7, 2013 with 8 chapters.
"You'll find out soon enough..."
"Oh ... my ... God," he sighed, "... utterly fantastic..."
The much more important question was: what had happened today?
After dinner, Sherlock lay on the couch sipping the coffee Thomas had served. It was terrible, and going by the faces John was making, he didn't like it either. Sherlock wondered whether Jacques had taken some time off, and whether the absence of the snobbish butler balanced out the absence of his delicious coffee. He couldn't come to a satisfactory conclusion.
Unbeknownst to the two men, there hung above them - tied to a loop of the bed drapery - a little sprig of mistletoe.
Finally, he said, "You remembered."
He threw the Douglas Adams novel into the corner for the umpteenth time, only to jump up guiltily and retrieve the book from the floor, smooth the pages in consternation, and return it carefully to the table. After all, it wasn't his property - it belonged to John.
Greg nodded. It came across as grim. "I love this town," he declared out of the blue. "And I've had a really bad feeling lately... It hasn't got any better with Donovan's appointment. I think... if... anything's gone wonky in London... or is going to go wonky... then you're the only one I trust to set it all to rights again. And you're probably also the only one who's actually in a position to do so." His nod seemed thoughtful this time. "At the same time, I can't shake the feeling that I'm not going to like the way you go about it. Still... there's something rotten about this Donovan, and if I can... help you... then... I'll do it. You can count on me."
It had to be a genital piercing.
"I prefer to stand," Sherlock replied with haughty indifference.
"It's just three or four nights," John told him patiently. "And if we still don't have a bed by then... then we can go ahead and move in with a couple of mattresses on the floor, and …
"Please... John..." he begged hoarsely. "Let me come..."
This chapter contains non-con, dub-con and rape.
"Might it be that you don't fully appreciate what I'm doing for you here?"
"I... I should probably shave... or..."
"There were still a couple of these in the black lacquer box," John remarked conversationally, and Sherlock felt his mouth start to water. There were more of the cigars! As soon as he was done here, he would... but John's voice, which had abruptly taken on a quite firm, sharp tone, tore him out of his salacious thoughts. "But when I'm done with you here, hopefully you won't want any more of them."
If it's any comfort... This chapter marked a first for me. I cried my way through two tissues writing this. That's never happened to me before.
"And we're the ones who'll have to take the arse end of his temper," Dave rejoined before turning to the man in the back seat. "Oi, Naresh ... knuckle-duster, knife, or should we go right for the heat?"
"Why?" Sherlock breathed out, aghast. "Just...
? He narrowed his eyes, concentrating even harder, tilted his head to one side and looked at John more closely.
"Yes, we're even," Sherlock said with a small sigh. "I'll take over from here. But if any other messages should come in..."
"I say..." Mrs Turner protested.
"Do you want to see it too?" he asked, and when Sherlock nodded eagerly - albeit starting to show signs of exhaustion - John took out his phone and snapped a picture. Then he passed the phone to Sherlock, who hadn't yet moved, still standing bent over the desk with his legs apart.
– you will never see me again."
"Jacques, change in plans," John said. "I have to go out again."
Translation by the fantastic SwissMiss!
Greg raised an eyebrow and extracted several cable ties from his parka.
"Why?" It sounded broken.
"Into the living room please," he said, clearly referring to the briefcase. But before Jacques could respond with a 'very good', his employer spoke again: "Where's that music coming from?"
"You're insane," Greg croaked.
, and you can - a) still plant primroses on my grave and - b) end up having to deal with another boss who may not be as understanding as me. Would be a crying shame if my successor declared war on you, now that we understand each other so well, wouldn't it?" John asked with a cold, oily smile. "So... you see, in order to keep peace on the streets of London, I need those pictures."
"He wasn't exactly opposed," Moriarty conceded. "He calculated he had … better chances with me. But I see... there must have been clues... you wouldn't have been able to list everything so quickly otherwise."
"Hello, Mike," he greeted the caller. "No, you're not interrupting anything. Rounds are over and they've just brought lunch... Yes, already. Forget about it, it's not worth the effort of eating it. Please let Susan know how exquisite the cake was that she brought by yesterday. And thank Jacques for the
Angry about himself, John ground his teeth and almost didn’t notice that Sherlock was picking up his belongings. Just when his friend brushed past him in his billowing coat, John finally came back to his senses.
"I really don't know how I've put up with you for so long," Irene remarked. It was supposed to come across playfully, in order to lighten the bleak mood which had fallen over the room and affected Irene much more than she wanted it to. But there ended up being quite a lot of empathy and tenderness in her voice.
She waited to speak until Doris' ear was right next to Violet's mouth.
"John..." Mike insisted, tapping his index finger against his wristwatch. "Come on. You can read the file I prepared for you in the car. Bridges is already waiting in the driveway."
as long as I work for you."
The door finally opened, and Moran's tall frame appeared in the doorway.
But his opponent made no move to do anything. He continued to gaze into the barrel of John's weapon with stoic calm. John frowned. Why didn't these Holmeses ever get scared? It was enough to drive him batty!
Cooper ground his cigarette out under his heel. "And here I wanted to take my girl for a holiday in the Caribbean... can forget it now without the side lines. Moran was something else. He could've pulled the cart out of the ditch Doc drove it into."
"I simply wanted peace and order on the streets. For London... for the citizens..."
"I think it's essential for men in our position to have people they can trust. Don't you?" he explained with all the calm and condescension he was capable of at the moment.
"Do you deliver to London?" John asked the man behind the old-fashioned cash register.
"What are you up to?" he asked, his voice raw.
"I don't know..." Sherlock mumbled.
"Too bad you can't see our faces anywhere..."
,” Sherlock stated. “Which either means that you’ve lost your touch and are worthless when it comes to protecting John, or... it means that John wasn’t in danger.”
"I believe you know precisely
As soon as Mike hurriedly left the office on the heels of that very clear order, Sherlock remarked lightly, "Why don't you just tell him Mycroft's my half brother?"
"I use it constantly... it's the only way for me to tell that what I'm doing is wrong. Without a compass... I would probably be convinced I was doing the right thing even when I wasn't."
But until then...
John kept stimulating his almost painfully swollen penis with feather-light touches, masturbated him now and then, yet always stopped as soon as Sherlock's body stiffened in an omen of an impending orgasm.
"Yes, I should have," John admitted, unable to return Sherlock's calm gaze for some reason.
"A little more... a little more," Greg's hoarse voice reached his ears, but it was too late.
To his surprise, John felt his penis filling with blood and becoming stiff again. This young man was the best thing he'd come across in a long time ... to think of all the things he could do to him ... and he even enjoyed it, not just put up with it, as had most of his predecessors.
Would Moriarty really kill Sherlock, even if... The answer had to be '
"Thomas? What... why did you tell me that?"
“Sweaty forehead, flushed cheeks, glassy eyes, short of breath...” John listed the symptoms as he came to stand next to the bed.
Sherlock's heart squeezed at the memory. It had been pure hell for him. A torment such as he'd never experienced before, and never wanted to again. To have to stand there, powerless and silent, and see how John had been affected by such a demand, had torn him up inside... torn out his insides... hollowed him out. It had been like dying in stages. A slow, creeping, painful death.
' and '
"Very. Thanks, John. Talk to you tomorrow."
“Not really,” Sherlock replied, and Dave’s eyebrows shot up in alarm. “I need to ask you and Naresh a few questions.”
He deemed the reaction entirely appropriate. After all, his momentary satiation was stopping him from experiencing another such scorching climax again right away.
No one... other than Jim Moriarty, who had planned it that way, and now wondered when the horn was finally going to be sounded on the hunt to bring down Doc Watson.
Mycroft didn't respond to that, instead choosing to retreat into silence. However, he did return Greg's questioning look without turning away.
"Feels like hot steel," John murmured half to himself. "My God, Sherlock... how did you stand it..."
"I've surprised you..." Mycroft noted thoughtfully. He also appeared startled, as if the idea gave him something to think about, and once again something about the look gave John a sense of déjà-vu.
"To my bedroom. It's time for us to be getting to bed."
"Look like goldfish to me," Greg said, earning a look from the dark-haired waiter that said '
Gentle, expert touches... cool salve... a probing finger...
Moriarty appeared to be stunned for a moment. "Oh... someone was thorough... very thorough. Not quite your style, is it?" he concluded derisively.
"As soon as you can sit again."
His silence lasted so long that Sherlock began to worry. He was about to sit up and say something to snap John out of his trance when a jolt seemed to go through John's body, and his eyes bored into Sherlock's with a shocking intensity.
Sherlock struggled with himself. Sweat ran down his back and his temples. His knees were shaking and his lower body was quivering with the effort of remaining still and not thrusting his hips forward.
is right next door to
A sob of pain and ecstasy escaped Sherlock's lips. "No... please... stop! John!" he cried, almost in despair. "If you don't stop, then ... then I'll..." He bit down hard on his lips even as a reflexive flutter pulsed through his genitals.
Sherlock’s fingers painted circles on John’s back. “Possibly,” he admitted.
Thank you. You are all wonderful. I have the best readers in the world.
"The wrong one?" Sherlock echoed, resting his chin on his folded hands.
Sherlock sat up with some effort. His pale eyes glowed with a dark fire that took John's breath away.
They helped Sherlock into John's coat, and then Greg put his own parka back on. They settled Sherlock between them, and together they dragged the injured man toward the exit with his weight hanging heavily on their shoulders.
Sherlock swallowed hard, but held John's gaze. “Yes,” he breathed out, his cheeks bright red, even as a fresh stream of fluid pulsed out of the slit in his penis.
John snapped his gaping jaw shut with an audible
"Not a problem," John replied easily. "He's clean and I never have anything in the house anyway."
“It’s about… humiliation.” Sherlock’s ears turned an interesting shade of pink and he swallowed nervously. “I want you to…humiliate me. To be precise: I want you to humiliate me verbally because of the size of my penis.”
"Mr Watson's back," Anthea - who was standing closest to the window - reported after glancing outside. She saw Bridges tap his chauffeur's cap and waved to him. "And he's not going anywhere else tonight."
," he swore in an undertone right afterward. "Cold."
"Yes, I believe I still have room," he whispered hoarsely, taking a step closer to John.
John knew by now how much Sherlock hated it when someone showed consideration toward him, when John worried about him or even tried, just a little bit, to... not exactly to coddle him, but, well, to pamper him. It hadn't been like that before, but ever since the events in Finsbury Park...
"Just leave them outside the door, knock once and leave. And don't forget water and a straw."
"Yes, Billy," Sherlock finally answered, satisfied. "It's..."
"Yes? Ah... oh... now it's
"Ha ha," Greg said. "That's a good one. You
"But you thought about it... and the idea gave you pleasure," Victor stated in a flat voice. "What are you going to do to me now?"
Now that he knew Moran was a traitor, though, he kept noticing little things... plans that Moran was involved in never went awry. Never. No matter how small and insignificant his part was. Transactions that John carried out alone or with the help of others were usually exposed by the police, or only succeeded by the narrowest of margins.
Sherlock's efforts now became more intense, more serious, lost some of their playful, teasing character. His lips tightened ever more around John's rapidly stiffening cock, which was beginning to feel increasingly uncomfortable in its prison of cotton. It was like a monochrome symphony of black and white that offered itself up to John's eyes. The dark curls merged with the black material of John's trousers, the pallor of Sherlock's skin presented a stunning contrast to the dark lashes quivering against his cheeks... The only splash of colour was the red, peccant mouth whose impetuousness left wet spots on the black canvas of John's trousers.
He was floating in a sea of pain and arousal with his eyes closed, only just able to maintain a balance between the two. The pressure on his nipples and the pull on his scrotum were finally in exact equilibrium, and Sherlock had no intention of changing anything. He filtered out everything else until he consisted only of body, sensation, and ecstasy.
"Pretty much," Mike quipped. "How much longer do you need to stay in hospital?"
"Hmm," Mike said. "I know that didn't use to be your preference, but... weren't you ever curious?"
John wandered over to the seating arrangement, took a bite of his biscuit, and washed it down with some coffee.
"Here!" John called with a quiet sigh, although he still didn't move from where he was standing. "I'm in here, Mike."
"It's not for me..." John said slowly. He wasn't quite sure what to make of Mycroft's manner of going about things. "It's for you."
Mycroft's brow creased, giving him a distinct resemblance to a headmaster. "You must know that I tried for years..."
There was a critical moment when he wondered whether he were going to be sick, but then the moment passed and his heart began to beat in rhythm again.
"So that you could constantly remind me of the fact that neither of my parents had any particular liking for me?" Mycroft replied coolly.
"I admit I'm running out of strategies," Mycroft made the unusually frank admission. "You're astonishingly obstinate once you've sunk your teeth into something."
John nodded mutely, and Mike disappeared without another word. John stared at the empty doorway for several seconds before taking his phone out of his pocket.
He vaguely registered John counting.
"It isn't a crutch, it's a cane, and I need it because you shot me!" Sherlock retorted.
, John," he said in a gentle voice. "It's fine. It's all fine.
"Sigerson!" Lestrade cried out triumphantly. "Bloke named
oooOOOoooOOOoooOOOooo
"I came to you of my own free will," Sherlock explained gently yet firmly. "Mike warned me, so I knew what I was in for."
The short-haired man grinned. "The boss's got some pretty solid insurance with that pansy of Doc's. I don't think the Doc's going to try anything crooked."
They shook hands and John left the brothel to go to his car.
"I know that bribery would be pointless with you. So I'm
"Yes, because they're delivering it and setting it up tomorrow morning, and you..." John's tone became more stern. "… you're not to lay a single eye on it until I'm back."
Irene fell silent for a moment before exclaiming angrily, “That little arsewipe!”
"More?" Sherlock asked breathlessly.
"Because I... want to help him."
“What’s got nothing to do with me?”
Sherlock sniffed arrogantly. "He started it."
"Thank you," Sherlock whispered. "You know... it wasn't always like this. I always had a reputation for ... swallowing anything, but I didn't really start doing it until I... was living on the streets."
Mike puffed out his cheeks before letting the air out noisily. "Two! Two minutes! Not one second more. If you're not down in the car in two minutes, I'm coming back up and dragging you outside by the ears, and I don't care what I walk in on." Without waiting for an answer, Mike turned on his heel and left.
This wasn't about what
Just as the door flew open, Mr Glendale said, "Until I'm ready for the second round..." No one would ever know how that sentence was supposed to end, for the words froze in Glendale's throat at the sight of John Watson.
Mike had moved up along with John in the
Sherlock tilted his head to one side and opened his mouth as if he were about to speak, only to snap it shut again. His eyes narrowed, and he observed John silently for several moments. John could practically see the cogs turning in Sherlock's brain, but they were moving slowly – unusually slowly.
"Done," she finally said in a steady voice, holding out her hand. He lifted himself out of his chair and shook her hand with a satisfied grin.
"You... you do know that I..."
Utter bafflement showed in Charlie's wide-open eyes before the light in them died and he was dead.
His head and his stomach felt icy cold as he forced his vocal cords to express his inadequacy.
The rustling sound that the first man made when he fell down, unconscious, brought one of the others out toward Greg. The torch was employed successfully there as well.
Sherlock groaned beside him, and John hurriedly knelt down to him.
John opened his eyes again and watched as Sherlock's long, thin fingers wrapped themselves effortlessly around both of their erections before beginning to pump up and down in rapid yet oddly gentle motions.
He'd barely begun to rub himself against the seat with small, circular motions of his hips, when the fingers in his arse started to twist and fuck him with short, deep strokes. And all of a sudden, everything was good again.
Bridges must have noticed his employer's impatience, as he'd covered the distance from Harwich to London - which usually took a good two hours - in record time. His driving style had made Mike alternately turn green and go pale, but he hadn't had any objections... or at least hadn't dared to voice them.
it, to
When Sherlock didn't react immediately, John held their joined hands up higher.
Just a few minutes later, Mike stood in the living room across from Sherlock, who was resting on the sofa in pyjamas and a dressing gown as if he’d been painted into the scene. If there hadn’t been something a bit unnatural about the way he lay on his side, Mike might have thought Sherlock was posing as the Queen of Sheba. But since Mike knew what had happened between Sherlock and John - at least in general terms - he could pretty well imagine why Sherlock was reposing in that particular position, and the first thought that came to him was the one that fell unfiltered from his lips.
The sudden realisation hit Sherlock like a ton of bricks, and he felt panic slowly but surely rising in him.
"You too... my Prince Charming," Sherlock murmured with a mischievous grin that John could feel against his chest.
The corners of John's mouth twitched in amusement. He made a small bow.
A brief bark of humourless laughter escaped John's lips. "I'm not a very nice person," he told Sherlock coldly. "You shouldn't make the mistake of putting people on a pedestal or making heroes out of them. Heroes don’t exist."
He thought he heard Greg curse softly, somehow registered him masturbating almost frantically, and then he felt the muscles clench around his softening penis... once... twice... three times... Mycroft pushed once more with a happy sigh into the renewed tightness and rode out the last waves of his pleasure before Greg's arm - the one he'd been holding himself up with on the desk top - collapsed and his chest sank down onto Mycroft's desk.
Sherlock had often thought it would be a good idea to use John's bedposts in a very particular way, and tonight his wish was being fulfilled. He stood at the foot of the bed with his arms and legs apart, his back facing out toward the room and his wrists and ankles enclosed in broad leather cuffs. The cuffs were attached to ropes that John had knotted to the tops and bottoms of the bedposts before getting Sherlock's beloved riding crop out of his walk-in closet.
... completely out of it. John's erection throbbed again, and he felt a warm wetness spreading in his underpants.
One fine evening – after a marvelous case involving an exhilarating chase through half of London, ending with a takedown of the criminal involving karate Sherlock had learned when he was nine and a well-timed punch from John – Sherlock and John left the Yard giggling like schoolboys. It had started to drizzle as soon as they stepped outside and they both looked up in annoyance and surprise before looking at each other. Sherlock smiled. There were those odd wrinkles around his eyes and his lips did the funny thing they were wont to do and there were glittering raindrops in his hair and he crunched up his nose in such an adorable way- everything was how it was every time between them.
The nervous manner in which Sherlock moistened his lips was enough of an answer for John. "You're an idiot," he scolded him, smiling. "How in the world did you come up with such nonsense?"
"Mm-hm," John redoubled. "Just like that bistro you took me to last week, the one with the excellent shepherd's pie on the menu."
Captain Watson.
"Well, yes," John admitted readily. "But at least we can make it as difficult as possible for the bastards."
"I'll probably never use it, but I thought as it was so important to you..." Sherlock babbled on until John laid a finger across his lips to stop him.
"Get on the bed!" John ordered him, pulling Sherlock along by the hair.
John was meeting with the London borough heads in a side room at a restaurant in order to present them with his version of his meeting with the mayor. He gave any mention of Sherlock a wide berth, instead emphasising Mycroft Holmes' compliance and his own supremacy all the more.
"Thirty-four," he said around his food. "Peas. On my plate," he explained with a patronising look, which didn't quite fit on his chubby, childish face, and made Doris want to laugh every time. She knew better, though, and refrained, else she provoke one of the spectacular tantrums he always worked himself into when he didn't feel that he was being taken seriously.
- as they referred to it only half in jest. The search would probably come to naught and they'd end up settling for some kind of compromise, but they hadn't given up yet and stubbornly continued to look.
John had to hold back a laugh. "So? How did it turn out?"
"It's me," Sherlock said and set to work on the lock.
"You didn't say you got off on giving head," John scolded him. "Now I really am going to have to use the riding crop. There's no way around it, I'm afraid," he said in a tone of fake chagrin. "You'll have to be punished – so that you learn not to lie to me again."
But today he was standing on a plastic sheet amidst bare, freshly plastered walls - completely exposed - between ladders, paint buckets, and other tools of the trade, feeling utterly filthy, almost like a cheap construction site whore. There was something disturbingly erotic about the image. He moaned wantonly and the first drop fell from his erect penis onto the floor.
"Let's go then," Naresh said, climbing out of the car with a sigh.
"Sherlock..." John said, half plea and half threat.
- abandoned buildings in London near the Thames (also didn't end up using it)
"Bullshit," Greg cursed softly. "You're not going to all this trouble for Doc Watson. Your brother means something to you... no matter what you say. You worry about him."
And I put together another pic set:
Parachutes are a real thing (I can't make everything up) …
John pulled his upper lip in between his teeth. "You knew it was wrong and you did it anyway?" he asked quietly.
A fresh wave of arousal pulsed through John, and his cock twitched impatiently. Now he had Sherlock exactly where he'd wanted him in the beginning. Something like triumph added itself to the arousal, fed and heated it. A satisfied smile hovered on his lips.
"I was able to speak to him one last time..." Mycroft continued slowly, as if every word required an extreme effort. "His last words... concerned you."
"And what about your little childhood friend, Donovan?" John remarked acidly.
Dumbfounded and in internal turmoil, Sherlock listened silently as Irene apologised to the client – who had recovered from his shock by this time and become rather upset and extremely loud – with a silver tongue for the
Sherlock's scream hurt his ears, but it was a spectacular sight: his bright red cheeks, his glistening eyes, his wild hair, the perspiration on his chest - rising and falling in a rapid rhythm; his back - arched almost like the string of a bow - and the expression of utter bliss with a trace of disbelief and a dash of timid reverence on his face.
Sherlock heard the other man's breathing change and felt one of the hands let go of his arse. The quiet panting was now accompanied by the typical slapping sound of masturbation. When roaming fingers slid down into the crack of his arse, Sherlock tried to relax completely. Bound and gagged as he was, he didn't have much choice.
“I really thought rubbing your man-clit would be enough to make you come.” John said, concerned. “Something wrong? Besides that parody of a penis, I mean. Obviously there’s something wrong with that. Are you even capable of ejaculating, Sherlock?”
"I've never seen you naked before," Sherlock mentioned, apropos of nothing.
"It's clear to you, of course, that I'd find you in less than twenty-four hours."
“So what if he is?” John said coolly. “At least I'll get something for my money
"I don't want to eat any more." Sherlock waited to see how John would react to the provocation, his heart pounding.
"I had help," Sherlock admitted modestly. "A lot of help."
"Oh, leave me alone!"
Neither of the two men put an end to the gesture of greeting, such that they were still holding hands when Mycroft finally said, "What brings you here, Detective Inspector?"
"I'd say you're wet enough," John said in a dry, mocking tone. "But go ahead, it's up to you. And now get started before I change my mind."
"I'm happy to lay it out for you. Won't take but a minute." Greg held up one finger. "First: Dimmock's promotion, which doesn't make a lick of sense to anyone. Second..." Another finger joined the first. "The mobsters associated with Doc Watson are in the middle of a large-scale cleanup of the Chinese and the Russians." He lifted a third finger. "And third: all the investigations of those cases have remained inconclusive. Although the overall crime rate is sinking, our clearance rate with this mob mess is a joke. And by asking the question in the first place, you all but admitted that there really is some kind of deal in place with Doc Watson."
"You're dripping again," John said. It sounded hoarse and slightly breathless. "Or... are you coming?" John's tone of voice was stunned... aroused... lecherous... stern. "Are you trying to ejaculate?"
Sherlock's half-hard erection, still stained with his ejaculate, barely half an hour old.
He walked toward John and although they weren't standing far apart, although Sherlock was in a hurry and his strides were long, he had the feeling – as in a nightmare – that he wasn't moving at all. When he finally reached John, his legs gave out and he fell to his knees. Spontaneously, he slung his arms around John's hips even as he buried his face in John's open jacket.
"That's what bugs me about it," Mike agreed grimly. "There's something foul about the whole thing. I have the feeling he'd rather get his hands on another district. He's been seen chatting with our boys in Lambeth a couple of times. But don't worry. I'll keep my eyes and ears open."
So why had John reacted with such anger just now? By the time he left the brothel, he wasn't so sure himself anymore.
"Mike Stamford," Mike introduced himself.
It wasn't just any laugh; it was her coloratura laugh (as John had called it once), which she only used on very rare occasions. Usually when she was flirting or when someone was whispering sweet nothings into her ear. Since when did John's gay lover flirt with
John's erection pulsed at the sight; his clothes were probably stained with a wet spot inside by now. John had to concentrate on breathing in and out through his nose several times in order to regain control.
A sour smile curled Irene's lips. "Ah ha – so Sherlock tattled and told you how he serviced his other clients?"
something without really knowing it... having to rely on assumptions without any certainty. Will you now satisfy my curiosity and my ...
"'S not rubbish," Mike disagreed. "John... something went down. Is there anything I need to take care of? Pay someone off? John..." he pressed when the silence continued. "What happened?"
A soft, pleased, almost relieved sigh sounded before Sherlock added in a very small voice: "I miss you too."
John graced Mycroft with a wide, sickly-sweet smile. "Well, you know, Mr Holmes," he declared carelessly, "he's never like that with me."
Sherlock's eyes went round. “Yes,” he said, troubled.
"Well," John said, clearing his throat. "Are you ready for your first lesson? Do you want me to teach you how to beg properly?" he asked in a pleasant and obliging tone of voice.
Once they were on the stairs, Mike noticed that John was moving as if he were walking on eggshells.
"Again," he ordered roughly. His fingers sought and found the unruly curls, delved into them, pulled and yanked, and Sherlock moaned again. More vibrations, more pleasure, more urgency ... "Again!" Moans, vibrations. Tightness. Heat. Pressure. John's hips jerked forward, deeper, ever deeper into that sinful mouth...
Having come to that conclusion, John banged the back of his head against the upholstered seat back several times. This was insane! What was wrong with him? When had he become such a softie? Was he in the throes of developing something like a conscience? Saints preserve! A conscience was just about the last thing he could use in his job. A sense of justice - yes. A sense of fair play - always. But a conscience?
"Now you can," he gave his permission.
That was John's other secret weapon - using his fine, upstanding Captain Watson voice to demand very not-upstanding things from him - and Sherlock had absolutely no complaints. John knew about that secret weapon... but at least he was fair about it and only deployed it in the bedroom.
"Smart arse..." John grumbled, but he was grinning too. "Do you have any ideas how we might get it up again?"
“Oh, gooood...,” Sherlock groaned, biting his lip, breath coming in short gasps. His hands tugged at the sheets, his cheeks a deep red... to just watching him coming slowly undone was more arousing than anything John had ever experienced in his whole life.
do that. Not that I
"I think I'll be able to manage that," he replied with playful arrogance. "Even though it's a huge sacrifice on my part."
"Of course," he replied simply, stepping out of his trousers. "Of course I need you. Never doubt that."
Carefully - and yet as quickly as possible - John carried Sherlock to the stairs. Once there, he set him down gently on the landing, placed Sherlock's injured leg on a higher step, and cushioned Sherlock's head in his lap. John needed to rest for a moment, even given how little Sherlock weighed. The adrenaline in his body had been almost all broken down by now, and John was exhausted - not just physically, but mentally as well. He needed this brief respite before he could think about how to proceed from here. He needed to spend a few moments close to Sherlock, and he had the feeling Sherlock needed exactly the same thing right now. A little closeness, a little warmth, a little comfort. A confirmation - even if momentary - of what they were to each other, what they meant to each other …
moment he'd waited for to confess his true, deep feelings to John? He looked up at John, both hopeful and unsure. But John wasn't looking at him, didn't have his head tilted toward Sherlock. Instead, he was staring blankly into space, just as Sherlock had done for much of that night.
. It's amazing how often those couple of semesters of medical school have paid off. Whether it's breaking a couple of fingers or a leg... or stimulating a prostate until the subject is so aroused they start crying like a baby."
Then Sherlock's lips parted and he said, "What exactly do you want from me?"
Sherlock gave John a long, hard look that he didn't know how to parse.
Thanks to the extensive foreplay, John's fingers didn't meet any resistance any more. They slid in and out of Sherlock's hole in a steady rhythm without any effort at all. Every third or fourth pass, John tried to brush the little swelling of Sherlock's prostate gently with the tips of his fingers. Sherlock's initial reaction to this treatment had been rather modest, but the effect seemed to increase every time. His moans sounded ever more breathless and passionate as his body opened itself ever wider... became ever more willing, compliant, and demanding. John felt the suction and pressure around his fingers becoming stronger... as Sherlock's body tried to pull him in further, to take in more of him, to keep him inside... as deep as possible.
Quite a lot of time went into that until I'd decided on a cigar. It shouldn't be something run-of-the-mill, it should be special.
John's index finger on his hypersensitive glans.
John's initial response was a blind rage that licked through his gut, threatening to overpower him. His temper had been quite helpful in the early days of his career, but the higher he'd risen within the
"Sherlock... don't fall asleep," Jason murmured, punching him lightly in the shoulder. "The old windbag pays too well for me to give him up as a client."
His eyes followed along lazily as Sherlock fiddled with his cuff links, and as he did, he realised for the first time how slowly everything was proceeding. How long had it been since he'd told Sherlock to get undressed? Ten minutes? Fifteen?
John had to bite his lips in order not to burst out laughing. It would be difficult for anyone else to match Sherlock's unparalleled combination of arrogant overconfidence and perpetual insecurity. Without responding to the remark, John pointed at the coffee table.
John thought about Victor leaving behind all his presents. The jewellery, the watches...
"Mr Holmes?" Greg blurted out.
Granted, Sherlock was no Sleeping Beauty and he hadn't pricked his finger - he'd been shot in the thigh by John... but before John could pursue the convoluted parallels any further, his mobile phone had rung. He frowned when he recognised the number and accepted the call.
“Sherlock! Nod if you hear me.”
Sherlock felt light-headed and had to fight against the nausea rising in his stomach. As long as he didn't vomit now ... that might not end very well with the gag in his mouth ... a cold sweat broke out on his forehead, while his stupid body got an erection. It was then that Sherlock realised with a chilling clarity that, should John keep going long enough, it was highly probable that he would come like this. Without his penis being stimulated.
Just at that moment, Sherlock was able to see himself through John's eyes, to see himself for the first time the way John must always have seen him. He saw the chaotic pattern of red streaks scattered across his thighs and chest. He saw the nipples standing out from his pale skin, dark and hard. He saw the tear tracks on his cheeks and the reddened eyes. He saw the spit at the corners of his mouth and on his chin. He saw the traces of semen slithering down his legs. He saw the dishevelled curls sticking to his forehead. He saw his erection, so swollen that the veins stood out. He saw his body, still bound, his arms and legs pulled apart. He saw himself trembling and shaking. He saw how filthy he was. And he saw how much all of that excited John.
"Doesn't he come by every day?"
“Exactly. My name. My name, which can never be allowed to be seen outside this house.”
"What kind of bomb was it?" Sherlock wanted to know.
Greg Lestrade entered the reception area of Mycroft Holmes' office. His secretary, a petite blonde woman already past the first bloom of youth, knew him by now and gave him a smile that quickly turned apologetic when he explained that he wanted to speak to the mayor.
Once again, he took his penis in his hand and knelt between Sherlock's legs. He positioned the tip of his erection directly against Sherlock's gently twitching opening, exerting a slight pressure. Through the thin layer of latex, he could feel the promising pulsing at the top of his glans, and above the sound of his own blood rushing in his ears, he heard Sherlock panting for air. Then the body before him held itself completely still, the only sound in the room that of Sherlock's heavy breathing.
"That's what I'm asking you!" Mycroft hurled at him, struggling to remain under control. "What were you thinking, disregarding our deal in such a manner?!"
His tongue found its way back inside Sherlock's body, as his left hand slid down Sherlock's groin. No sooner had John's fingers made contact with Sherlock's wet, slippery glans than Sherlock emitted an inarticulate cry, and John's hand became damp and sticky with Sherlock's sudden, strong orgasm.
His cock was agonisingly hard, even though he hadn't so much as touched it. Sherlock's surrender and his ability to suffer and still experience pleasure unfailingly had that effect on him. The man was simply a gift from on high. Up to now, everything was going just as he'd imagined it would - perhaps even better. It was an incomparable feeling to control another person in this manner... to command them... to have them so completely in the palm of his hand. So vulnerable... so fragile... so irresistible... utterly at his mercy. Oh, yes... it was perfect. The power that Sherlock had handed him was intoxicating. He was finally able to breathe easy again. He was finally able to think clearly once more. A burden was removed from his shoulders. Here, he had total control... and he'd get it back in the other areas of his life too. Piece by piece. But first... first he was going to bring Sherlock to orgasm. John took a deliberate breath through his nose. Oh, yes... he was going to make him come... he was going to make him come in the throes of the pain... and the way he knew Sherlock, he'd scream for
"You're never going to learn to control yourself, are you?" John asked hoarsely and rubbed two fingers across Sherlock's hole, which was still wonderfully soft and loose from their activities the night before.
Sherlock swallowed hard.
Their tongues met and John could practically hear the erotic crackling in the air as he forgot everything else around him.
John scolded himself internally. He’d fucked this up good and proper. Sherlock would never trust him again.
Now it was Mycroft's turn to shrug. "She's not a man, she's not white... she fills two quotas with one hire... the general state of euphoria knows no bounds," he described the situation dryly. "Her name is Donovan. Sally Donovan."
"He didn't want a doctor," John muttered without thinking. "He didn't even want me to..."
He wet his lips to cover his silence and horror, before saying, "All right... fine. We can fix that. If that's what you want..." He put the safety back on his gun, as if in afterthought, and returned it to his shoulder holster. Then he slid off the bed and stood up. "I'll go right down to Miss Adler and take care of it." He walked past Sherlock, but Sherlock grabbed him and stopped him. The adrenaline was still pumping through John's veins like mad, and the unexpected disturbance was enough to cause his anger to ignite again.
When the first news reports hit the airwaves, Moriarty's eyes lit up with delight. Dimmock had held his protective hand over John Watson long enough.
A hot and cold shiver ran down Sherlock's spine.
- riding crops and the specific names of each part of the riding crop
And this could be the whisky which John bought. The bottle costs approximately 150 pound (or 200 Euros) and it will play a not unimportant role in the next chapter.
At this point in the conversation, John couldn't do anything more than stop and gape.
"Aside from that..." Mycroft said slowly. "Regarding your career with the police … I'm afraid your marriage didn't exactly give you an advantage there."
Mycroft never would have thought he would appreciate the informality and fearless persistence of another individual, let alone miss it. But it was true.
Sherlock didn't know exactly how it happened, but at some point during the afternoon he found himself in the kitchen. Mrs Turner pushed him down onto a chair at the big kitchen table, smiling indulgently, and set about heating up some hot cocoa on the cooker. This wasn't the first time Sherlock had been in John's - or rather, Mrs Turner's - kitchen. But this was the first time he stayed longer than a couple of minutes. And it was... rather pleasant.
"Thank you."
Following the instructions Sherlock had given Jason, he sent it on to various individuals with a request for them to pass it on in turn. Each recipient owed the respective sender a favour of some kind, and thus it was guaranteed that the message would be taken seriously and not just passed on without looking at it. And so based on this chain mail with a particularly successful snowball effect, within just a few days, various prostitutes, rentboys, pimps, addicts, small-time dealers and homeless people knew who Charlie White was and what he'd looked like when he was still alive.
“It is truly impossible to distract you!”
Had he said too much? Too little? Would John understand what those – wholly inadequate - words implied? He searched John's face attentively for some clue but found nothing. Somewhat discouraged, he let his shoulders slump. At least he hadn't made things worse.
with a rival who had been too cowardly to shoot at John from the front. It hadn't ended up helping him anyway. At least his headstone – paid for by John; he knew how these things were done – was the nicest in the whole cemetery.
"Where?"
"You're both insane, the two of you!" Mike shouted back. "Fine, I won't call him!"
A throaty moan sounded, followed by a stammered "The black beads. I … I have them."
John frowned briefly, then said, "Then nothing." He shrugged. "Most of those blokes are married and would rather eat glass than get drawn into a scandal. And if anyone does recognise you, that just gives me the opportunity to show you off a bit. They'll be green with envy that I've got you all to myself. That's it."
"John is a sorry bugger," Mike returned dryly and came in. "You'll want to know what happened."
"I... I could get my violin and play for you," Sherlock suggested abruptly, not responding to John's question.
Mycroft inspected the tips of his shoes with great interest. "Don't worry about that. It would be my..."
It was John's way of saying:
"Not necessarily," Mike answered with a shrug. "But... it's really
of my problems... ONE!" John insisted. "And how do you picture the future with your brother? Do we have to invite him for tea? Along with his policeman?" It was something he'd been thinking about for a while now, and the notion didn't exactly sit right with him. Sherlock had had a little too much contact with his brother recently for John's taste. Granted, all they did was talk on the phone and argue and snipe at each other most of the time... but they still kept calling each other.
Sherlock came closer, stopping in front of the armchair John had been standing next to the whole time, the one he'd laid his coat on.
"Softy," Cooper growled, took the container from Jack and swallowed a mouthful without batting an eyelash.
John laughed.
"No," John hissed angrily. "I'm still pissed off at you! You put me in an impossible situation! Exactly how stupid do you think I looked when he told me you're his brother? His brother! Bloody hell! Some sort of clue would have been really nice! That... that sodding politician thought I knew!" When Sherlock continued to watch him with that same focused concentration and attentiveness rather than reacting in any way, one of John's fuses blew. "HE THOUGHT - I - KNEW!"
"Forever … if you want …" Sherlock entrusted his whispered words to the night, closed his eyes, and snugged himself carefully up against John's slumbering body, making sure not to wake him by mistake.
Bridges turned halfway round to look into the back seat. "Come on. Boss isn't as bad as all that."
“I'm bored,” Sherlock whinged, slamming the door to Irene's office shut behind himself.
"And why shouldn't he be," John whispered back, unconcerned. "It's a free country. As long as he doesn't start making trouble again..."
"Honest to the end," John remarked in a peculiar tone of voice. "Fine," he said after a moment. "Let's move on to your punishment. Straighten up. Hands behind your back."
John ignored him. “But... when I think about it... one can't wank a tiny willy like yours. Can they? It's only a man-clit after all. And what do you do with a clit? You simply rub it.” John paused. “Shall I do that, Sherlock? Shall I rub your dicklet like I would rub a clit? Shall I rub your man-clit?”
Mycroft looked him over intently, an odd expression on his face. "I've heard that my brother is in your...
"Okay..." he said calmly before turning to Mycroft again. "Was this one of those FANTA things?"
' Mike thought to himself, and his resolve to say what he'd wanted to say became more firm.
"Good," John praised him throatily, and Sherlock glowed with joy at the approval. "Very good... You know what's coming now?"
"That's Moran. Sebastian Moran," Mike answered. "Our new golden boy from Edinburgh."
"Queen? Seriously?" Sherlock repeated with a grin he was having a hard time controlling.
. Nothing at all! Sherlock hadn't done anything wrong. In fact, he'd been faithful to him – as faithful as he could be, given his circumstances and his job.
"There's still that bloody Donovan, that's for sure, holding her hand out to someone. Probably the Russkies," John snarled from the window.
Sherlock thought grimly. He must have someone. A man like John was too desirable to be single.
John made a dismissive gesture in Holmes' direction and bored his gaze into Mike, his expression tense. "Customs?"
"Don't say anything, Sherlock," John murmured into the wild curls. "You don't need to say anything." After a brief pause, he went on: "Have you urinated today? Is everything all right or do you have any pain? Any burning when you go?"
Sherlock didn't regret John's decisions. After all, they'd led to them meeting. He also didn't feel any pity for him. John lived on the edge of society, in a grey area, a criminal in the eyes of the police … but he'd chosen that life for himself, and - considering the scar on his shoulder - he'd worked hard for it and fought to defend his position. This was how he wanted it. Pity had no place here.
"Then there was the fiasco with the mayoral election - but you know about that... and you also know about the mess in Soho and Graves' swindle - you're the one who discovered it after all. Same with the bung-up with Albright's nephew in Lambeth. You were there when Albright lit into us for that."
And even the headboard - which was of medium height and trimmed with various decorative grooves - seemed to be virtually made to grab onto... to display the marks of Sherlock's fingernails when he clawed into it in the throes of ecstasy... on his hands and knees... with John settled between his splayed thighs...
I don't know what will happen to this translation. Perhaps I have to remove it, too.
"More romantic than I thought..." Greg whispered when Mycroft was finally standing in front of him. Their lips met in another kiss that began gently but quickly turned hungry.
"Oh... right..." Greg said with a bright smile, playing at being absent-minded. But then he turned serious. "All jokes aside. I didn't get much out of her at all, unfortunately. She was born in Northern Ireland and she's single. And when I say
Without even considering the fact that he was dressed only in pyjamas, t-shirt, and an open dressing gown, Sherlock stepped outside in his bare feet.
However, the slight, involuntary twitches in his eyelids – which John couldn't fail to notice this time either – undid all of his attempts at appearing cool and impassive, betraying his nervousness to any observant viewer.
"And...?" John finally prompted him with a deathly glare.
"Sherlock..." John said, his voice raw. "You deserved that. You know you deserved that."
"I'm a bachelor," he snapped. "A bit of untidiness is allowed, if not required."
"Should I take them off?" John asked lightly, nudging the clips with care.
Link with description and pictures:
? But...”
John used his own hand to steady himself over Sherlock’s body, his other hand hastily pushed down his underpants. He grabbed his aching erection and before he could do much else than just holding his cock in his hand, his orgasm burst out of him. Just like that.
"Haaa... Oh God... John... it's... it's... aaahhh..."
"This used to be called the
"You're an idiot," John remarked dryly.
"That I am," Sherlock said, smiling calmly, and casually stroking his penis, which was already broadcasting his interest loud and clear.
"Oh God... John... I … I can't," Sherlock begged. The pressure and the delicious pull in his genitals was getting stronger with every stroke... with every second...
That hurt. Not that he hadn’t been expecting it, but hearing it stated so matter-of-factly…it stung.
"I have to go to the hospital to see Mr Sigerson. There've been some unforeseen complications."
John turned away, back toward the man standing closest to the door to the room. "Dave," he said tilting his head toward the door.
The prospect of escaping the moist and foggy weather that hung over London in November, and changing it for a milder climate – if only for a day – was so tempting that John had followed Sherlock into the night without question. Just like he always did.
"Mmmhh," Sherlock rumbled and closed his eyes again.
With a throaty sigh, Sherlock wrapped his arms around John's shoulders, pulled him flush against him, and started rubbing his groin against John. John felt the heat emanating from Sherlock's erection through the thin material of his shirt, felt the firm pressure on his stomach, and didn't give a flying fuck that those stains were never going to come out of his black shirt.
Sherlock glared at him. "Where are they all anyway? I mean, not that I expected a receiving line to greet me..."
- the symbolism of koi fish
Greg had to acknowledge and allow the clever diversionary tactic - because that's exactly what it was.
"And now?" Mycroft cut him off brusquely, and Sherlock fell silent, bewildered. "John Watson? Is
"No, we hadn't agreed! I wanted the green, but you..."
A red fountain sprayed out of her neck, but John had already forgotten about her before she hit the floor.
Only German Link available:
Sherlock was standing at the foot of the bed, as naked as the day he was born, quivering with barely controlled rage.
Sherlock sighed quietly and scooted in even closer to John, and all of a sudden it wasn't weird anymore to be lying together in bed just … to sleep.
“I might – just maybe - have been a tiny bit sorry ... until about five minutes ago,” John said throatily. “Not anymore.” He took a step back and said curtly, “Kneel down. Back toward me. I want to watch you fuck yourself with your own fingers.”
"Why?" he finally asked. "What for?" Scenarios of how John would simply take what he wanted from him played themselves out in a disturbing dance of colour in his mind's eye. Would John leave if he didn't comply with every single one of his orders and desires? Was he even capable of living a life without John anymore?
Sherlock leaned his hands on the desk and sent John a rather disdainful look over his shoulder. "What's wrong with that? That's precisely what you like so much about me..." he remarked, quite perceptively, and spread his legs in invitation as far as his trousers would allow, bunched as they were around his ankles.
"Hm," Greg said vaguely before venturing on to the second question that simply wouldn't leave him alone. "You were just kidding, weren't you?"
"Fuck me!" Sherlock rasped, let go of his arse and held himself up with his hands on the mattress again. Offered himself in an unmistakeable manner.
had set loose in him... what it meant to him...
"What does your brother have to do with this bomber?"
Neither of the men had said anything up to this point. They had both been too busy examining each other and trying to size each other up.
"And now?"
Right after Sherlock received a not very flattering - albeit candid and therefore rather accurate - photo of Charlie White from Mike, he forwarded it to Jason's mobile.
"You shouldn't hide your light under a bushel."
A hint of anxiety snuck onto John's face. “You're not going to seriously tell me you've had that monster hard-on for three hours? That's not exactly healthy...”
On an impulse, John bent over, pulled Sherlock's head toward him by the hair, and kissed him roughly. Sherlock readily returned the kiss, but rather than becoming more passionate, their touches became more tender and gentle, all without losing any of their intensity. They kissed slowly and without any rush, until Sherlock thought he was going to melt away. John's tongue licked across Sherlock's lips, requesting rather than demanding entrance, and Sherlock opened himself to him without reservation. Their tongues touched, sucked each other lightly, made the most of the moment. The two men drank each other's breath in, enjoying the fulfilment of the unexpected yet natural intimacy that accompanied their sensual kiss.
"That wasn't just
"But you could have asked Mike - the two of you were already in cahoots against me."
“Don't look so grim, Doc. For the price of a smile I'll introduce you to the new Columbian ambassador later this week. It might be useful to you.”
Greg shrugged again. "Well," he said bitterly. "That's the funny thing about marriage. Never did manage to follow her example. Couldn't bring myself to cheat on her... until... today..." he realised with mild astonishment and took the cigarette back. He smoked silently for a while before returning the cigarette to Mycroft.
"You?" Mike croaked, stunned. "What do you think you can do? I have to..."
... John felt himself shaking. His eye fell on Thomas, who was watching him fearfully yet not giving any sign of leaving. Thomas' presence forced him to get himself under control again, not to let anything show.
“She picked you up and took you in? Just like that?” John asked lightly.
He'd just instructed Jacques to serve his lonesome midday meal in the office, as Mike was out on business. The butler had reacted with disapproval on the one hand, but also with understanding, which made John realise that he wasn't the only one who missed Sherlock... the entire staff did as well. Somehow everyone was lacking in pep when Sherlock wasn't there. There were even times when John felt as if the empty house (and how in the world could a house suddenly seem empty just because there was one less person in it?) were the enchanted castle where everything had fallen into a deep slumber as soon as Sleeping Beauty had pricked her finger.
"Would be a shame to waste it," John said once he'd recovered his powers of speech.
John rewarded him with a smile, bent down to give him a quick kiss on the mouth, wished him a good night, and then left the room … down the hall … to his own bathroom. A short while later, Sherlock heard water running, and later still the bathroom door opened and closed. More steps in the hall, and then another door opened and closed.
John looked steadfastly into Sherlock's eyes. Those fascinating eyes, which still contained unplumbed depths. Depths that Sherlock wanted to hide from him, since John could tell Sherlock would have preferred to turn away or lower his gaze, at the very least. Yet he didn't, instead bravely returning John's gaze. It troubled John that he was the cause of such latent sadness, and the wish arose in him to gain entry to Sherlock through those eyes... to climb inside with a torch... a flare... a thousand-watt spotlight, in order to drive away the last scrap of darkness from the furthest corner of Sherlock's soul... to chase away everything Sherlock was still afraid of with his light... to destroy everything that still weighed heavy upon him...
The almost ethereal tones resonated around the room, detached from string and bow. Yearning and lightheartedness were concealed within them, along with an undefinable sense of recognition. As soft as a thought, the harmonies floated through the air, unrestricted by measures or bars. Sherlock's modifications flowed naturally into the breath of the music. The notes melded together seamlessly, springing from Bach's genius and Sherlock's heart and soul to create a unique declaration of love for John. The tones rose higher and higher, purer and purer, jumped for joy with a lightness they'd never known before, fanned out and found each other again, before they finally joined together in one last, tremulous, almost surreally sweet sound.
"What?" John asked blankly.
discuss it in five minutes," he replied with a distant satisfaction. "But if you mean licking it up … if this couch tastes as repugnant as your shoes - forget it," he declared dryly, wriggling in pleasure against John's body, as it was half bent over him.
remembered. What should he do now? Lie? Or tell the truth?
One of the big, black beads stretching Sherlock's hole...
Sherlock sank back into the cushions in relief, not even making the effort to cover himself. He closed his eyes for a moment and sighed softly. Then he glanced over at Irene with a small, happy smile.
And this is what the row of houses might look like where Moran lived:
But thirty minutes later it was clear to everyone present that it hadn't worked.
“Now you got it,” John confirmed with a nod. “Fantasies are different from reality, sweetheart.” He explained gently, rubbing his thumb over the back of Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock’s eyes dropped to watch the movement and his pupils dilated. “Trust me. You’ve never experienced that before but…what you think you may like in your head is sometimes really different when you actually get it. I don’t want you to get hurt.”
A little dazed by these insights, John stood there and watched Sherlock lift up the pillow beside him. Underneath were some instruments Sherlock must have placed there after taking them out of the special compartment in John's walk-in closet. John recognised the riding crop and the red leather flogger, as well as one of his ropes and a couple of small metallic objects - probably nipple clamps. He owned several. After giving John one final, searching once-over, Sherlock made his choice. He stood up, walked over to John, and held out the short, broad leather paddle with the silver studs along the edge.
"John!" Sherlock insisted, and there was something urgent and final in his tone. "
The parachute alone would have made Sherlock happy for hours, but John hadn't settled for that.
Less than fifteen minutes later, Sherlock was kneeling naked on the seat of the couch, his legs spread, holding himself steady with both hands on the backrest. His arse was straining back toward John's passionate thrusts, and the tip of his stiff member tapped against the aforementioned backrest in time with their motions. Sherlock moistened his parched lips. The fleeting yet solid contact of his hot, swollen glans against the cool leather of the couch was both exquisite and agonising, and was hopefully going to continue for a while.
And that thought filled him with a profound satisfaction. The plug would stimulate Sherlock, keeping him in a constant state of low arousal, filling him up, making him aware every single second where he belonged... and to whom he belonged...
"Please go upstairs and tell Sherlock it's not his fault, and he should go to bed," John murmured to his friend, causing Mike's eyebrow's to shoot up in surprise.
Relief flowed through Sherlock, and a long, drawn-out moan came from his lips. Arousal and desire raged in him like a forest fire, with John the only one possessing the ability to quench it. But before that happened, Sherlock wanted to burn. Burn like the sun.
Bridges nodded and flicked on the turn signal.
"Leave it on... I like it like that."
But the songs he played for John now were ones he'd taught himself. He'd never bought the music for them, and the impulse behind coming up with his own arrangements for his violin wasn't youthful rebellion, but rather crashing boredom, plain and simple. He'd forgotten most of them over the course of the years, but since yesterday when he held his violin in his hands for the first time in so long, the memories were coming back piece by piece.
"No," Mycroft affirmed in a dark and dreary voice. "The worst part would be that my accursed brother - as I've come to know him - would go into raptures over the handcuffs and prefer them to a ring anyway."
"Irene?!" John exclaimed. "Irene Adler? How... how long have you known her anyway?"
John raised one eyebrow. "Have I?" he replied with a malicious grin.
"No... not yet," John said hoarsely.
"Settle down..." John murmured. "If you want to continue, you're going to have to stop squirming around like that."
Translation by the amazing SwissMiss!
Once again, Sherlock had to choke back the lump in his throat. John would get him out? John would come to his rescue? What had he done to deserve all this? Hesitantly, he turned to face John again.
Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment, apparently enjoying the warmth of John's hand on his cheek, and then opened his eyes a crack.
"Not that!" Greg hissed. "I mean leading me astray into illegal activities!"
"No... although John is the reason I'm calling," the answer came from the other end of the line.
In any case, there was definitely a slight trace of sweat and deodorant.
"Want one? 'S good against the cold." He held the flask out to Jack.
"You say that like you don't believe it," John replied with a tight smile. "Of course you've earned a reward!" His smile broadened and lit up his eyes. "Without you..." He shook his head. "Without you, we'd never have uncovered that mess. Never!" John concluded emphatically.
Sherlock shook his head. "Not important," he said offhandedly. "That can wait. Come to bed." Sherlock got up with enviable, catlike grace and stood in front of John. He put one hand on the back of John's neck and kissed his throat. Gentle yet demanding. His other hand pushed the dressing gown off John's left shoulder and before John could voice a protest, the gentle, moist lips touched the ugly skin of his scar. John closed his eyes and shivered. Then he suddenly found his hands on Sherlock's dark locks, holding his head and his mouth in that position. Sherlock nestled against him, covering the scar with sweet, hot kisses that released an unaccustomed warmth and lightness in John's chest.
... as plentiful and indiscriminate as they've been." Neither the one nor the other was accurate in John's opinion, but he was smart enough not to enter into a discussion at this point and wind Susan up even more. "But now... this is absolutely the last straw. How can you do something like this to Sherlock?"
"I thought you... you needed..." Sherlock stammered. "I only wanted to..."
"Oh, God..." Sherlock moaned softly. His erection twitched, and another drop of pre-ejaculate fluid formed in the narrow slit of his glans.
“I don't want to
me?" The smile in his eyes deepened, becoming more mischievous and at the same time more cheerful. "Oh, yes - he certainly does."
"Then why haven't you?"
Sherlock wasn’t shy about it, though. The first time he and John had seen each other naked, Sherlock had shed his clothes without hesitation and never once covered his genitals or seemed uncomfortable or embarrassed by their size difference. John had glanced briefly at Sherlock’s small erection, had fallen instantly in love with it, and had grabbed the lanky git to press a bruising kiss on his sinful lips.
John stood up, went to the little bar, drained his glass while standing, and poured himself another. It was his third drink. He didn't bother with ice this time. The curtains over the open window billowed out slightly in the mild breeze. John closed his eyes and turned his face toward the fresh air, which already bore a hint of coolness with it, while his thoughts continued to whirl. Why hadn't he gone upstairs already and confronted Sherlock with his wishes, with his desires? Sherlock was completely at his beck and call, could see each and every one of his wishes reflected in his eyes (and in his cock), and he even enjoyed it.
"Upset?" Sherlock replied, confused.
"Oh, Sherlock." Irene had stood up and come over to him. She placed her hand on his chest in a gesture of sympathy. "The two of you truly deserve each other... Men!" she snorted, rolling her eyes. "You can't seem to do anything right. Am I glad I don't have to muck about with that anymore. Women are much more... but that's not the point," she cut herself off and looked him straight in the eye. "Sherlock - I'm going to give you a piece of advice: don't be so pig-headed. Sometimes you need to give your happiness a little shot in the arm." She gave him a parting kiss on the cheek, leaving behind a distinct lipstick smudge. "Good-bye, Sherlock. Maybe that will get your Doc's engine revving a bit. A little jealousy can do wonders."
“Now and then?” John shuffled a little closer to that wicked foot. Things were starting to get interesting. And since when did he find feet erotic?
A whispered "Oh my God," and a throaty moan were Sherlock's only responses to the description.
," John mimicked the members of his household staff. "And so on and so forth..."
"Is that right?" Mycroft said lightly, altering his grip on Greg's hand so that he could stroke his index and middle fingers over the inside of Greg's wrist.
Greg's lips lowered to cover Mycroft's mouth once more. It tasted faintly of desperation. But Mycroft didn't care... at least not much. Greg had relented - that was the only thing that mattered. It was, however, astounding that his methods - the same ones that had served him well when dealing with a pre-pubescent Sherlock - appeared to work on a grown Inspector too. Astounding... but good to know. At the same time, Mycroft had observed often enough how compliant people could become when threatened with the withdrawal of affection - or when deprived of positive acknowledgments. How easy they were to manipulate then.
was the centre of attention. As odd as it might sound, for John, he –
"Whatever makes you think your conditions might interest me?" he asked acidly. "Besides: Sherlock isn't my
I was inspired by the following gifs by mrs mob johnlocked:
The pics of “John” were taken from the movie “Wild Target”
"What do you want?" he asked in a stiff voice that didn't betray his dismay.
Sherlock bit his lower lip. "There's too much history between us. He never left me alone. Not even after I officially took my mother's name. Not even then. Even though he promised. He..." Sherlock's voice trembled. "He always made sure that I … He put me in one rehab facility after another. He..." Sherlock shook his head. "He hates me. And I never wanted - ever - to have anything to do with him again. I broke out of the last place. Under cover of darkness, so to speak. I hid where he'd never find me - in fact, he didn't find me - on the streets. And that's where Irene picked me up one day, and … you know the rest."
“And you fear… that it will hurt me… if you… say unpleasant things about the size of my penis?” Sherlock asked and crunched his nose in an adorable way that never failed to put a smile on John’s lips. This time was no exception. “Even if I ask for it?”
desk, leafing calmly through
Sherlock noticed that Mycroft's face appeared slightly pained. Could it be... No. Or yes? Was it possible that his brother and this Inspector...
... are they saying it's my fault?" Sherlock asked astutely. "Do they think you committed those murders because Albright made some... disparaging comments about me?"
It was a relief – if a subconscious one – for John that Sherlock wasn't disgusted by his scar. Most of the men he spent time with tended to flinch instinctively away from the disfigurement, only to then pretend it wasn't there... which never worked, of course, and only served to annoy John. Reactions like that had led ever more frequently to John not removing all of his clothing for certain
Here is what a prince's wand looks like:
John had gone to bed.
John walked into Albright's offices together with Dave and Naresh. He didn't have an appointment and probably wasn't expected, judging by the looks of surprise on the faces of the three young men standing around in Albright's lobby.
It was brilliant.
between your legs? I bet you can’t. I guess it will be more like squirting. You know… like some women do. Will you squirt for me, Sherlock? With your man-clit? Just a few drops, hm? Can you do that? Come on. I want to see it. I guess it won’t be much more than a few drops… One can’t shoot large ammunition with a small gun like yours.”
Before Irene - her sceptical look speaking volumes - could say anything more, Jacques returned with a tray on which two coffee cups were perched. Sherlock's eyebrows were about to shoot up, but he clamped down on that reaction as well. He hadn't actually thought they were going to be getting any coffee by this point. He was therefore willing to overlook the fact that Jacques hadn't knocked this time either. Irene - who was clearly used to giving orders - instructed the butler as to her wishes (
John waved him off with an animated gesture. "That's immaterial right now."
"Mycroft's upset," Sherlock announced unnecessarily - glaring at his phone with an accusatory expression as Mycroft's incensed screams continued to tumble out of it. "You talk to him," Sherlock said, went back to the bed and held the phone out to John.
"Ow!" he cried indignantly, jerking his head away to free his curls from the sweaty paws.
? From the
John was still struggling with himself over whether he should put a stop to the sensual game or let it continue when Sherlock opened his eyes and looked straight at him. There was a fire in his eyes that took John's breath away. How could the flame in those pale eyes burn so brightly and yet be so gentle?
"I hope you didn't think I'd forgot about your front?" John queried innocently.
Just a little something to whet your appetite... and the proof, that the translation is really happening!
Puzzled, Sherlock sat down on the edge of the bed.
"I'd advise against it."
"Smart arse," John grumbled, but he sounded exhausted.
He only knew that he was hurt.
This is the same kind of knife that John takes out of his bag:
Sherlock had absently reached for his cup as well and taken a sip. It was only due to his posh upbringing - which made itself known at the oddest moments - and John's presence that he didn't spit it all back into the cup. He looked up and took in the various expressions of disgust and resignation in the faces of the other two men.
John responded to the laugh with a grin. "Why am I not surprised? You must have always been a troublemaker." He gestured at the folder. "Arrests for fighting, drugs, public intoxication... you transferred universities..."
Even if those trousers really weren't fitted to the needs of his package.
John's hand touched the bottom of Sherlock's chin, forcing it up. Then he waited until Sherlock was able to meet his stern gaze.
"What? No!" John protested. "I..."
And so Mike inquired, "Why don't you ask him yourself?" Not that he was questioning Sherlock's motives - Sherlock was as loyal to John as Mike was - but still, he wanted to know. He at least wanted to try to get a handle on the secret he'd scented in that hesitation.
The first attack was closely followed by a second, and Sherlock recognised that he wasn't going to have much success with any attempts at conciliation. Even in the insufficient glow of the lamp on the nightstand, the baleful gleam in John's eyes was clear to see. It was a gleam that was full of foreboding, similar to that which Sherlock had seen in Anderson's eyes many years before, during that highly unfortunate defining moment that had occurred behind the bicycle shed of his old university.
now - which probably meant he was supposed to be setting a good example. Greg puffed out his cheeks and let the air back out with a thin whistle. There wasn't actually anything for him to do here. The security measures had already been planned, checked, and approved. Now they were being carried out by the assigned officers, and he wasn't good for anything other than looking pretty.
"It's a high delicate affair..." Mycroft explained haltingly. "An affair in which my own position is... not entirely clear to me. At least not anymore, now that new players have entered the playing field."
Kenneth - like John - had come to terms with his nickname. His surname was somewhat clunky for English tongues, and so he'd been called Kenneth or Ken from early on. It was only a small step from
Blows rained down on his body, and Sherlock knew John didn't mean him.
Sherlock felt a little bit at sea. "Thank you," he said softly. The word was surprisingly easy to articulate, even if it still felt unfamiliar in his mouth.
"Yes." Sherlock's agreement was barely more than a breath. "Show me how."
Frustration arose in him as he realised he still hadn't reached his goal, but then he heard weirdly distorted sounds floating up the staircase. Were those steps? Whispers? It was hard to say.
John gasped when he felt the pulsating warmth around his hard cock. Sherlock's muscles clenched and massaged his erection, and John drove in. Hard. Deep. Fast. He lifted Sherlocks legs onto his shoulders in order to plunge even further into the willing body. As if from a distance, he heard Sherlock's groans, saw his splayed hands scrabbling in the sheets, felt him opening up underneath him … completely open, taking him in completely … giving himself to him … and then John felt his own climax approaching, even while Sherlock's orgasm seemed to go on and on, his muscles continuing to contract around John.
"Better..." he murmured, licking greedily across Mycroft's lips.
John's body clenched, and then it was as if a dam broke inside him, and everything, absolutely everything flowed out of him into Sherlock's willing, expectant mouth. Pure bliss was written on that pale face, its cheeks now flushed faintly red. Sherlock didn't relinquish his prize yet, however. He continued to trace circles with his tongue around the slowly softening penis in his mouth … so warm and so slick... John shuddered one last time as he realised that Sherlock hadn't swallowed yet. With the back of one slightly shaky hand, John wiped the perspiration off his upper lip. A muted, shameless, throaty moan vibrated around John's depleted cock, and it was only then that he felt the muscles contracting as Sherlock swallowed.
"I can't... no more... please," Sherlock began to beg, apparently too lost in arousal to form a complete sentence.
"No, he didn't," Mycroft declared bitterly. "You were his favourite from the start."
"I wanted you to come with me!" John cried. "You're the one who didn't want to!"
Something flashed in her eyes, and the muscles around her mouth relaxed a bit. She was apparently relieved that Sherlock was still alive.
“Fairly,” Sherlock answered, moving the sole of his foot provocatively up and down between John's legs.
John used Sherlock's mouth and tongue once more in the same manner, rewarding him by shoving his erection between Sherlock's lips and letting him lick and suck on it.
"And then? What happens when he's nice and cosy?" Albright called out in challenge.
"So that you're unattached when..." Mycroft hesitated. "Secrets like ours have an unpleasant way of coming out at the most inopportune moment. I would prefer, when such a moment arises, not to be involved in some distasteful divorce proceedings … but rather to be able to present you as my - heretofore secret - fiancé."
“It's fine. It's all fine.”
"Speaking. Who is this, please?"
That was so unexpected that John's tongue stumbled over the next question. "Since- since when?"
"And made you run up and down the stairs four times?" Sherlock remarked dryly. "Not exactly efficient."
Braced for the worst, he tore open the bedroom door, not caring what the consequences might be. A moment later, he saw Sherlock draped in John's arms, one of his own arms hanging lifelessly over the edge of the mattress. Stunned, his brain tried to make sense of the tableau, but all it could come up with were comparisons to Michelangelo's '
Sherlock's throat burned.
," Greg answered with a salacious wink.
"Of which quarters are you speaking, Detective Inspector?" Holmes was the picture of ignorance.
"Away."
am?" he sneered.
was just as good as Mycroft.
“I've gone through the records for the past several years, and you've paid significantly more taxes than you needed to.”
As incredible as it might sound, John Watson appeared to have found just such a person in his impossible brother, Sherlock, whereas he, himself... Mycroft held back a low-pitched expletive. Yes, he'd had a say in the form of the ice sculpture. Yes, he'd planned on engaging Gregory in a casual conversation - accompanied by a glass of champagne - and mentioning koi fish in general, as well as their meaning in Japan. Nothing more than that.
"Soon," John said with a gentle smile, pressing a kiss into the sticky curls. "I just need to check everything's all right."
"Hello," Sherlock said, immediately wanting to kick himself in the arse.
As soon as Sherlock turned over, John's next words died in his throat.
, Angelo," John returned the salutation with an automatic smile and, together with Mike - who was received with equal enthusiasm - sat down at their usual table, which stood off to one side and allowed them both to sit with their backs to the wall.
Sherlock hung on his every word as he gave a rough outline of his conversation with Mycroft Holmes and the agreements they'd come to. But the searching, skittish gaze didn't disappear, and eventually he interrupted John impatiently.
"We'll have to climb over the fence again," Mycroft said after a bit. "It would have been better if we'd walked around the outside of the park, on the street."
“That means... she never forced you into anything?” John probed further.
Sherlock's lips pressed together into a thin line, but he nodded.
Yes. That was what he was going to do.
Mike stared at him in astonishment. "Sherlock has a brother?"
Mike stared hard at his friend, which John noticed but ignored. It wasn't until they were in the back seat of the car behind Dave and Naresh - the latter of whom was driving - that Mike gave voice to his indignation.
It should have been embarrassing to come like that, without friction, without any kind of touch, and yet it had been so very hot. John knelt over Sherlock’s sweaty, naked body and held his pulsing manhood in his hand. His semen mixed with Sherlock’s come and he looked up at John as if he’d never had a greater experience in his life.
"Gregory, then..." Mycroft Holmes said, unperturbed.
Sherlock's disarming honesty made John shake his head. “You should know by now that I never deviate from a plan once I've made it.”
"So you want to smoke," John stated in a surprisingly neutral manner.
John gently shook Sherlock's shoulder.
"I almost feel sorry for him..." John drawled.
Mycroft Holmes took the stage to the sounds of applause, accepted the microphone from the patroness of the Metropolitan Police Charity Ball, and began his opening remarks - which would probably take several minutes. Greg looked longingly at the buffet near to where he'd taken up his position. He probably wasn't going to get a cold beer tonight, but he'd settle for some of the champagne that the waiters were busy pouring into glasses, which were already condensing in a promising way. Whatever - the stuff looked cold. That was a light at the end of the tunnel in any case.
And the motorcycle makes and models that are used by the British police:
"Stiff muscles," John replied curtly and with a slight groan. "It's fine on a level surface... but I've just noticed that stairs don't exactly make it better."
Here is an example for the anal beads mentioned in the story:
"No, it isn't," Sherlock finally acquiesced. "All right, fine. I won't peek through the keyhole. I'll wait until you're here. When are you returning?"
“You... you haven't even asked him?” Irene said, dumbfounded, as she blinked. “He doesn't even know that you...”
"Are you ready for a third finger?" John murmured with a fiendish smile.
But in any case it was about cigars, both in general and the specifics...
The thought flashed through John's mind:
When John was just a few steps away from the three men, he was finally able to get a better look at their faces. They seemed vaguely familiar, which was a rather unpleasant discovery. It meant that the treason within his organisation had progressed even further than he'd suspected. But he didn't know exactly who they were until he was standing directly in front of them. They were part of a group of men he'd seen lurking in Albright's front office a few times.
"I don't think the doctors would object if I translated some letters for you," Sherlock said, attempting to remain focussed on business. "I can do that from bed. Just bring everything along the next time you visit. They won't even let me have a laptop here."
Sherlock's face pulled into a grimace. “I'm afraid your idea of
"You're... not quite as stupid as I thought," Moriarty drawled.
With a narrow but self-satisfied grin, Sherlock let him go. “First: as soon as I set foot in your house, I'm not leaving it again. Not for anything, no matter what.”
John really did spend the next twenty minutes smoking the cigar, sucking on it, taking a puff, letting the smoke slowly escape from his partially open mouth – sometimes with more artistry, sometimes less – more of a deliberate release than actually exhaling, watching the cylinder of ash slowly accumulating at the foot of the cigar, lost in thought, and taking an occasional sip of his cognac … all as if Sherlock weren't even there.
"Just a bit," Mike admitted. "But it was for your own good. And this outcome astounds me as much as it does you, John. Sherlock? Why don't you just tell us everything."
"Maybe I'll take my chances," Moran said, unimpressed.
The lips released Sherlock's rigid flesh for a moment, but before he had time to fall into a pit of despair, John whispered against his stomach: “It's okay,” and then he was surrounded again with warmth, friction, and wetness. All of his dammed-up lust broke through, discharged in a scream and a cramp-like tremor that seemed to go on forever. The ropes escaped from between his teeth, and tears ran down his cheeks as he climaxed in John's mouth.
John stroked Sherlock's cheek tenderly with his hand.
"I remember quite well, sir," Lestrade countered with practised courtesy. "Your campaign posters weren't the first reminder either; there have been one or two articles in the papers over the past couple of years. I never forget a face, and I rarely forget a name." He cleared his throat. "How's your brother doing anyway? His name hasn't shown up on the record since then … at least as far as I know. It didn't come up during your campaign at any rate. I hope there's nothing..."
"Good," John said, sounding relieved. "All right... I've sacrificed my tie to bind your balls. That means you're going to exercise at least a modicum of self-control and not shoot off right away. I'm going to fix the other end of the tie to the handle of one of these open paint cans. You are not to squirm, you are not to move a single muscle... no matter what I do to you... otherwise the paint can will tip over and we don't want that to happen, do we?"
"Not now?" Sherlock sniffled in surprise, but then his eyes fell to the spot between John's legs and he began to understand. "You find tears … arousing?"
Sherlock hung almost desperately on John's every word, but he didn't complete his sentence. Instead, he walked around the table and held out his hand to Sherlock.
"Why?" Mike asked straight out.
Sherlock arched upwards... his entire body throbbed, seemed poised to explode, and then he screamed as John had never heard him scream before.
"Hey... don't fall over..." he exclaimed when Sherlock swayed without making any effort to steady himself. Sherlock reached for the edge of the sink with a sullen grumble.
"No, you aren't," John said gruffly, took a knife out of the pocket of his jacket, cut through the bonds on Sherlock's arms and rolled him onto his back. "As far as I can tell, the artery's most likely not damaged." He loosened the ropes around Sherlock's thighs, only to re-tie them above the entry wound on his left leg in order to prevent Sherlock from losing any more blood. "I need something for the wound..." he muttered. His eye fell on the handkerchief, which still hung loosely around Sherlock's neck. He unknotted it, smoothed it out in preparation for folding it back up to put over the wound... and paused. "This is... my handkerchief," he realised, perplexed. "How did that bastard get hold of my handkerchief?"
"What?" John shot back tightly. "How could that happen?"
Sherlock ended the call and looked up Kitty's number. She was the next one he needed to speak to.
looks like:
Sherlock's expression changed from one second to the next. "Why?" he asked, at the same time wary, guarded and suspicious.
"Oh?" Sherlock said in surprise. "That's how to tell whether John's lying?"
There were simply no other words for it. He must have died and gone to heaven. Surely to some kind of sick, twisted heaven, but heaven nevertheless.
"I could hardly ask
And now... dilators … also called 'sounds' (the name by which they should be familiar to most people):
Sherlock looked up at those last words. Was his heart still beating? Or had it given up the ghost from shock and happiness? He couldn't feel anything anymore... it must have stopped - at least it seemed that way to him. Baffled and amazed, he returned John's calm, confident gaze. His brain was virtually unable to process the information. Had he even heard correctly? Or was his mind just serving up what he wanted most desperately to hear? Should he ask John to say it again? Was John even serious? Or had he just said it to calm Sherlock down? Did he have any idea what he did to Sherlock when he said things like that? What declarations like that did to him.... with him... inside him?
"The boss said we should wait here," Cooper countered.
"Yeah... grief can do things like that," Mike said thoughtfully. "And Moran shot him?"
“Yes... if the underwear … would ruin... the cut,” Sherlock answered with some effort as he circled his hips, rubbing his increasingly stiff penis against the soft material. “And when I feel like it,” he added with a wink.
This uncertainty sealed Sherlock's lips even more effectively - and lastingly - than Mycroft. Somewhere deep inside, Sherlock was aware that this insecurity was the source and root of his nightmares. The fear of rejection was greater now than it had been before that fateful evening.
"Done," Moran said curtly.
A plump lower lip pushed forward in a pout. "Why can't I stay here?"
"Of course we do, Sherlock. How else are we supposed to..." John objected, but then he saw the look the two brothers were giving each other.
"You're a decent fellow, Sherlock," Mike said. "Do yourself and John a favour and stay in here tonight. Lock the door, don't let anyone in, and push the dresser in front of the door. Promise me?"
" (also known as "
Sherlock ended the kiss abruptly. "Depaz XO Grand Reserve!" he cried out breathlessly, unconsciously displaying an expression like that of a dog hoping for praise from its master after a successfully performed trick.
Mycroft had given him the most perfidious present possible. His accursed brother must have known he wouldn't be able to put an end to his suffering; that he would, instead, prolong his own agony day after day with an all but masochistic pleasure.
John caressed it slowly, using only his fingertips. A first drop of precome oozed sluggishly from the tip and John rubbed it over the glans with his thumb. Another moan filled the room and John continued to rub over the little slit with his thumb, spreading the now steady flow of precome on the whole glans. He heard Sherlock's deep moans, felt the soft pulsing of the hot flesh and thought:
Irene had to surrender in the face of that statement. It was no longer possible to warn Sherlock what was coming. And for that reason, she really didn't want to get into an argument with the mob boss. She told him the way to Sherlock's apartment, and he thanked her.
John's smile was somewhat strangled. He'd imagined his evening going rather differently than playing the host to thirsty - no doubt soon to be hopelessly drunk - mobsters. But he put on his game face. As if he had any choice.
It was immensely gratifying for John to see Sherlock being so obedient. His own erection twitched at the sight of the other man, whose lust was already so great that his swollen, deep red glans was being moistened by a steady stream of precome. John luxuriated in Sherlock's arousal just a little while longer... drew out his torment just a little bit more. Oh yes... it must be torture... the waiting... the desire... his hand already in the right position... and yet no relief... nothing to ramp up his arousal... and at the same time, nothing was stopping him from pleasuring himself. Nothing at all. No bonds... no prohibitions. Only one thing was missing: John's say-so. John's express permission.
John was too shocked to even begin to react to that. It wasn't until Sherlock cuddled up against him again like a kitten – with a sated, almost happy smile and a tired yawn, nestling against the arm that still rested on his shoulders – that John's brain came back online and began to understand what had just happened.
"Say hi to Sherlock from me," Mike said with a knowing smile.
"You're the best, as ever," John grinned in a conciliatory manner, sliding the crepe band on over his sleeve. "Whatever would I do without you?"
John didn't say anything about the chaos in his bedroom, limiting himself to threatening Sherlock with horrendous acts of reprisal should he turn their new rooms into a pigsty as well. Sherlock acknowledged the threats with an impassive shrug and a provocative smile and rang for Thomas to clear away their used dishes.
"You don't say," John answered dryly, pressing down a bit harder on Sherlock's shrivelling genitals.
Sherlock stood around in front of the windows, feeling as superfluous and out of place as a penguin in the Sahara.
That was a good argument, and Sherlock surrendered to it. John would be anything but pleased if he got wind of Sherlock's hunger strike. He obediently pulled the plate closer and started eating.
He stood in front of the closed bedroom door for what seemed like an eternity, no longer able to stand waiting downstairs. He was wearing the suit Irene had bought for him when John had made his first deal with her regarding Sherlock. Sherlock owned better, nicer, and more expensive clothes by now, thanks to John, but this suit in particular best reflected his inner emotional landscape - which was in utter turmoil at the moment. Back then, he'd felt something like a bride waiting for her groom with nervous anticipation. Now, he felt like a bride just before the wedding night... including the deflowering and the subsequent display of the bloody sheets to the gathered company. Of course that was all completely idiotic, since the whole deflowering had taken place ages ago and sex didn't involve any unpleasant surprises for him any more (not after spending all this time with John). There was absolutely no reason to be excited. And yet... John always managed to surprise Sherlock, and not just when it came to sex. Maybe a little excitement was appropriate after all.
"Yeah..." John scratched the back of his neck in embarrassment. "I started learning both languages at one point and thought... it might be easier with fairy tales." He shook his head. "I eventually realised I didn't have time for it and gave it up. Too bad, actually … I have lucrative business ties to both countries. It would have been an advantage … but what can you do?" he concluded with a shrug. "Translators also need to make a living, and at least I can ask for directions in both languages and read the menu in a restaurant. I'll never get lost or starve in Italy or Germany. But leave the books for now. Come on - I'll show you the rest."
“Bloody sadist!” Sherlock hissed, glaring at him angrily.
"I have never spread my legs … for anyone … except you. And you bloody well know it." Sherlock's voice was as ominous, low and dark as the distant roll of thunder, and went straight to John's cock, circumventing his brain entirely, causing the former to stiffen slowly but surely.
"The Immaculate Heart of Mary," Mycroft whispered sarcastically. "I'm disappointed. I'd expected a strip club at the very least. Not a church."
It was still a crying shame that John had lost his only leisure activity, and the boredom had put him in a foul mood.
Sherlock did so, explaining how he'd sniffed out Kitty, how coincidence had led him to a bit of help in the form of Dave and Naresh, and finally how he'd received Kitty's confirmation just a few minutes ago.
As he looked out the window, he stuffed his hands into his trouser pockets. Otherwise, he might have crumpled Irene's curtains out of impatience, which was certain to displease her, and which John was also certain to notice ... and then that indulgent, mocking, knowing smile would appear on his face ... Sherlock swallowed and closed his eyes for a moment, only to fling them open again at the sound of a car braking outside.
"Oh my God..."
"And yet you're calling me behind his back. Yes, it sounds as if you've really found true happiness. Or is this a scouting party on behalf of Doc Watson? Did he give you this number?" Mycroft probed.
"I don't know what you mean."
Sherlock followed this little speech with wide eyes and a pounding heart. Once John was finished – still refusing to look at him – Sherlock wordlessly took off his jacket and his shirt as quickly as he could.
(I'm a non-smoker myself...)
Sherlock's eyes got big, his mouth hung open and he turned pale.
But the very next day, a chain of events was to be set in motion that made the question of
This is what the bed might look like that John bought in Harwich. Only with a really stable top frame... ;)
"You," Mycroft Holmes repeated dryly.
London Assembly (like a city council or administration) with 25 members
"And you know exactly why," he murmured out loud to himself.
The last few bars of the opera faded away, and John looked up in surprise. Had so much time passed already? Had he really been sitting here that long? So lost to the world in this cocoon of dominance and surrender? And how long had Sherlock been sitting between his legs rather than next to them? He checked briefly whether Sherlock's fingers were still warm and well supplied with blood, then leaned back again in relief. John combed his fingers through Sherlock's unruly curls in a familiar gesture borne of affection, pulling lightly on them and forcing Sherlock to sit up a bit.
"Why not?"
He'd always used to drink gin. Not the pricey stuff he could afford now, and which was sloshing quietly around in the glass before him. No, the really cheap stuff that almost made his tongue go numb.
"Tonight, I'm inclined to ... accommodate your wishes." John was amused at the way Sherlock's eyes promptly brightened at his words. "Still... you're going to have to earn it. You don't get to have your way for free." John expected to see Sherlock frown or turn down the corners of his mouth, but quite the opposite was the case. Sherlock's lips parted slightly and his breaths came more rapidly.
Candles in silver holders, waiters in tuxedos, John in an expensive suit, both of them sitting at a table laid with silver, flowers, fine china and damask tablecloths and serviettes... going to the opera - which John loved; his rapturous expression upon seeing a perfectly executed aria, maybe even a premiere or a classical concert... parties at which John introduced Sherlock to the other guests, his eyes filled with pride...
Franco shrugged. "There's some bushes back there. It's probably not so bloody cold and windy as it is here. I'm going over there anyway. You do what you want."
numbers must be wrong," he finally blurted out. "Your records are the ones that have been doctored."
"Gregory..." Mycroft reproached him gently, silently indicating the smoke detector in the ceiling.
"Three!" Mike corrected him, pretending to be insulted, before laughing good-naturedly. "I still don't know what I did to deserve such an extravagant holiday, but I'm not complaining. Thanks, John. The hotel, the whole stay ... it was nothing short of first-class."
John laughed, caressed Sherlock's cheek, kissed the full, raw lips - still laughing - and lowered himself, comfortably heavy and warm, onto Sherlock. Then in a single, flowing motion, he thrust in. Sherlock didn't even notice the penetration until John was seated completely inside him, stretching him, filling him, and after what seemed like an eternity - as their kisses became wetter and more greedy - he started to fuck him with deep yet gentle strokes.
Sound number three was removed just as slowly and carefully as the two before it. But it wasn't fast enough for Sherlock. He thrashed against his bonds, pulled at them, but it was all for naught. The procedure was carried out at the precise tempo of John's choosing. John determined the order of events, John made the decisions. Exhausted, Sherlock let his head drop back down. The bonds were no longer an anchor and something to hold on to; they were liberation. By giving himself completely up, by submitting entirely and letting John have all the power... he became free. For the first time in his life... free.
*********************************************************
For the first time, he began to have doubts as to whether this had really been such a good idea to serve himself up to Moriarty like this. And for the first time, he began to have doubts as to whether Sherlock was even down there. Would Moriarty have brought him along? Or had John simply assumed that Sherlock would be at their meeting? He was torn for a moment. Should he just do what he'd been told and climb down into that hole? (Which looked more like a trap than anything he'd ever seen before!) Or should he refuse and in doing so... put Sherlock's life on the line? God - no! Anything but that! If he turned on his heel and left right now, it would mean a death sentence for Sherlock - John was certain of that. He'd never have another second of peace in this life with that on his conscience. He had no choice.
"You're gorgeous," he said deliberately.
But somehow, the story wouldn't let me go.
"Bach," Sherlock said. The storm of emotions raging inside him robbed him completely of his usual eloquence.
John shook his head lazily. "No," was all he said. "We both know cigar smoke is more alkaline than from a cigarette. That means the nicotine in the smoke can be absorbed much more easily by the mucous membranes in the mouth. A small dose is more than enough for you."
The mayor stopped there, not giving any sign of continuing.
In his dark jacket with the leather patches, his checked shirt, the dark red cardigan and his too-old jeans, nearly worn through at the knees but still unabashedly emphasising the best aspects of his arse. Sherlock had suspected for a while now that John frequently wore those jeans on purpose in order to direct Sherlock's thoughts along certain lines. Generally with success. Even though Sherlock continued to fight against it and tried not to let anything show. At least not in public and not when they were busy with a case.
When Sherlock released his hand with one last kiss on the inside surface, John positioned the plug with a practised motion. One slight twist, and the gold-plated metal slid easily - despite its various protuberances - into Sherlock's body, which was so thoroughly relaxed it seemed to virtually suck up the foreign object, his muscles lazily hugging the thin metal shaft at the end until the handle rested snugly against Sherlock's entrance.
John's skin tingled wherever Sherlock's foot touched him. This was something he'd never done before, but it wasn't bad. It probably would have been more exciting in public - in a restaurant or something similar - but it was definitely
"Yes, I'm still alive..." Sherlock's raw, exhausted voice droned out of the receiver, and John sighed with relief. "But I wish... you were here."
The path John walked along ended up taking him to a playground. Two swings, a see-saw, a sand pile and a slide. The usual, in other words. Several children of various ages were running around and playing. Their parents - most of them of the female variety - sat on the benches around the perimeter of the playground or stood near the path, waiting more or less patiently for their offspring to have their fill and come join them again.
to add the book cover to the epub file I downloaded of the story from AO3
Naresh nodded.
Sherlock struggled to his feet and prepared for the next attack.
"Since you're not going to give me any peace otherwise... A bomb exploded at the police ball last night."
"Oh God," Sherlock murmured hoarsely. "Ohgodohgodohgod..." Sensation returned to his body, but he wasn't ready for it yet. He wanted to spend a little while longer in that blissful, detached state, to rest in that quiet, sensual Nirvana, but the hands on his arse, his thigh, and his back called him irrevocably back to reality.
The echo of a fleeting smile appeared on Sherlock's face. "Not at all. I'd say I was being rather modest, in fact. I could have said the best in southern England, but the data at my disposal is inadequate to form a well-founded opinion."
Mycroft and Greg were left alone.
"It's not cigarettes, Thomas," Sherlock said quietly. "I need something else this time..." He lowered his voice even further and informed Thomas of his request, making him widen his eyes in surprise and grin.
At some point, Sherlock tried to tune everything out, but that hadn't achieved anything other than John ordering him to look at him.
," he hurled at Mycroft, elegantly avoiding the fact that he actually had bought Sherlock from Irene Adler (or at least planned to). "
There, he resumed his restless wanderings around the ground floor. At some point, he became aware of the fact that he was pacing back and forth in front of John's office, and stopped abruptly in front of the door.
Mycroft stared at Gregory's message for a long time without so much as blinking. So he'd found a new place. Not exactly the best area. But given that he didn't have access to his savings at the moment, it was certainly the most reasonable solution. The nature of the message wasn't unclear to Mycroft for so much as a second - it was a blatant invitation. What wasn't clear to him was whether he should accept it. He thought of the last time they'd seen each other at the opening of the '
to find me.”
Later that same terrible day - following a terrible night - Mycroft Holmes was alone in his flat, sitting at the dining table of highly polished, red cherrywood. His jacket and tie were hanging over the back of his chair. A tumbler of American bourbon was on the table in front of him with two ice cubes floating in it.
"The bomb! At the ball! That's the man who was there with that Moran fellow!" Greg exclaimed. "Do you have his name?"
bodyguards betrayed you," Moriarty broke in with a sneer. "I had cameras in the flat! Do you really think I would have left something as valuable as Sebastian unmonitored?" Moriarty paused. An ugly grin curled his lips. "Oh... of course... you didn't pay very close attention to your little pet yourself, now did you? Otherwise Mary wouldn't have been able to catch it when it got out. At least it was wearing its master's tag... Ever thought about a chip in the ear instead? Or a tattoo?
John took his jacket off again.
"I'm afraid I'm going to have to thank your brother..." John mused, running his fingers through Sherlock's dark curls.
"Those three men are standing over there now, do you see them?" Greg whispered to Mycroft.
And – last, but not least:
"If anyone crawls out of there who's not supposed to, it'd be no problem picking him off in this open space anyway." Jack laughed. "A clean shot between the shoulder blades. That's the way it's done."
John cleared his throat. “I'll call an hour or two before I drop by in future,” he said. “There's no need for you to be ready for me all the time. I've already discussed it with Miss Adler.”
John swatted him on the rear and got out of the shower. "Finish up in there and wash your hair while you're at it. The tobacco smell really gets trapped in there," he advised, wrapping a towel around his hips.
"For you," she said with a broad smile. "I thought you must be hungry after playing so long..."
." His voice had deteriorated to a throaty whimper, and John's grin broadened.
At that moment, Sherlock couldn't decide which of the two topics was more unpleasant for him, and so he asked randomly, "Who gave me away? I only smoked in the garden, showered and changed immediately after … and whenever I did smoke in my room, it was with the window open and I blew the smoke out as far as possible."
“Not the only person in the world who can make coffee,” Mike broke in with mild rebuke.
Exhausted and strangely empty, yet filled with a peculiar calm, Sherlock lowered the bow and looked out through the open windows... out at the green grass and the clear blue sky, and everything in him sang:
"Believe you?" Sherlock said wryly. "I wish I could."
John drew one last circle on Sherlock's heated skin before finally pressing the tip of his finger directly over the narrow, convulsively twitching ring of muscle.
look (only to be used sparingly as it would otherwise wear out too soon), which had never yet failed to hit the mark and had always gained him everything he'd wanted whenever he'd employed it.
A resounding silence filled the room.
John registered - with a peculiar emotional distance - that Victor had barely changed at all. Oh, there were a couple more lines around his eyes, but other than that? The golden sprinkles in his green irises were still there, and the dimple in his left cheek would be as well... although it wasn't visible at the moment, since Victor wasn't smiling. Instead, he was staring at John as if he were the Devil incarnate.
Sherlock watched him somewhat wistfully before he pulled himself together. He wasn’t here to cadge a smoke from Dave.
"Paid?" John repeated, nonplussed.
had been enough to make him fall silent. And so he'd been left with no other choice than to catalogue the slowly changing aroma of the billows of smoke (the scents of cedar and oolong tea gradually faded into the background, while cocoa and vanilla became more prominent) that wavered lazily in the air; enjoying the occasional appearance of the tip of John's tongue; admiring the stability of the column of ash that was forming (and which displayed a pale colouring of dirty grey-white), savouring the throbbing in his cock with every puff John took... John's cheeks emphasised by the act of smoking, his pursed lips, the barely perceptible sucking-smacking sound when he drew on the cigar... everything went directly into a special corner of his mind palace labelled '
to you."
By the way... I did the maths and I came to the conclusion that you will receive the last chapter on December the 21st. I think that will be a nice (early) X-mas present for you.
“How many people have you killed?” Sherlock asked, tracing invisible patterns on John's bare chest with his fingers.
“Mr Stamford,” Jacques said, mildly surprised, which Mike couldn’t blame him for. He’d barely set foot in the kitchen before this.
Somewhere in London, the digital version of "
How did I even come up with the idea for that scene?
"No," Sherlock objected in a weak voice, shaking his head more vehemently.
Moriarty nodded, flattered. "Don't forget the bomb at the ball was concealed in a sculpture made of frozen water. And Dimmock... it was a crying shame his car didn't fall into the Thames or at least ram a fountain. That would have made it perfect."
"Miss Adler," Mike blurted, somewhat breathlessly, when he recognised her. He'd never met her in person, naturally, but when John had been more or less a regular customer at her place of business, he'd gathered information on her as a matter of course and thus knew what she looked like.
"Make sure you don't piss ice cubes!" Jack called after him, laughing crudely.
Lothario – seducer of women
He went to the door, intentionally letting go of the sheet in order to open it. As if by accident, he let it slide down lower and lower until both John and Mycroft had an unimpeded view of his naked arse. Then he left the room, closing the door with deliberate care. There wasn't any clearer way of saying,
"You have what?" Sherlock exclaimed. "You have a ring? For...
On the other end of the line, Sherrinford Holmes exhaled loudly. "Leave my wife to me."
"I thought you knew!" Mike returned just as loud. "But honestly - what kind of boss doesn't even know his own men!"
"Mm-hm," Mycroft said vaguely, looking down at his naked legs. He should really get dressed rather than sit around the whole time on the floor in nothing more than his shirt and waistcoat. His eyes wandered over Greg, who sat beside him, utterly at ease. He was completely naked except for the socks on his feet. It should have looked ridiculous, or somehow perverse... but it just seemed... natural.
"Not until you put your mark on me," Sherlock completed his sentence calmly.
"Twenty-two." The answer was given quickly and casually.
Greg's words had now confirmed to him that he'd retain the upper hand - Greg had all but presented it to him on a silver tray by admitting he couldn't stand to be away from him one moment longer.
"And how..."
"Jooooohhhhnnnn..."
look," Sherlock explained, ending his statement with some helpless hand-flapping.
And there was something else that was different and unfamiliar for Sherlock. It wasn't unusual for them to have sex together every night; but it was new for John to turn off the lights every time and dispense with all the ingredients that had characterised and shaped their sexual activity up to now.
"Phone sex... internet chats... why do you think I signed up to that site as a premium member? Because of the chatroom... because of the private messaging service... but you've got to flirt a bit there too before you find someone to spend a quickie half-hour with online."
“He wants a blood test,” Sherlock answered flatly.
- of whatever kind - with an Inspector from Scotland Yard seemed just as far-fetched to Sherlock. Mycroft didn't possess a single grain of compassion nor a single ounce of emotion - how could he possibly be interested in another person in
"How can you be so cold..."
… the others had it pretty often … or at least they said they did, and I always had to go get medicine and..." Thomas scratched his head sheepishly. "Doesn't matter." He took a deep breath. "All I meant was - it'd be fine with me if you end up staying on here longer, and it'd be dumb to risk anything on account of some stupid nickname."
"That would be the last thing I need!" Mycroft cried. "Delete them right now. You've looked at them all at least three times. That should suffice."
"What's taking so long?" a female voice rang out clearly from the entry hall. An impatient female voice.
"Thank you," Sherlock said, and meant it. "It's not that I don't like it, it's just... Christmas... after... it simply wasn't what it used to be." He spoke haltingly, not sure whether to mention his father's death right now, concluding with a self-conscious, dismissive laugh: "It's just not my favourite holiday."
Sherlock's eyes narrowed. “Oh really? Did she?” John nodded. “She took you to the cleaners.”
test run for London," Mycroft replied tartly. "And now I do wish you a most pleasant day."
." With a long sigh, he stretched and arched his upper body. "Do you want me now?" he asked in a soft, deep voice. "Perhaps on the bed?"
As the owner and manager, she ran a tight ship. Still, she was never cold-hearted to her employees – or her
is standing right here and can hear you!"
"No idea," Sherlock rejoined with a deliberate grin, and caressed the bulge in John's trousers as if by accident.
all the time. Since he left this house, I've been virtually salivating for
It wasn't pleasant, but he'd always preferred to know what he was up against than to live in ignorance of reality.
"...do the right thing," John interrupted him gently. "I know..." He pulled the coffee table closer with one foot and placed both hands on Sherlock's back. "Lie down." He carefully supported Sherlock, waiting until his shoulders and head rested on the table and his legs hung down on either side of the back of the chair while his lower body still lay in John's lap.
"I haven't," Greg insisted. "There are other ways of interacting with people than having sex right off the bat."
John thought.
"I'm sure you don't blame me for giving him a plug from my own collection..." Moriarty went on in a chatty tone.
..." Mycroft drawled snidely, giving first Sherlock then John a searching look. "I see."
(BTW, for John I'm using Martin Freeman as Hector Dixon in "Wild Target".)
– the word stuck in his throat.
"I'm afraid I really have no idea what you're getting at. What does Dimmock have to do with the mob and spring cleaning?"
Was Sherlock's curiosity enough reason to punish him with his absence and silence? John wasn't sure about that. The time he spent with Sherlock had become a kind of refuge for him. A bubble outside of reality, where he wasn't
"You're not just putting on a show, are you? You really like the riding crop, if I'm not entirely mistaken," John said with wonder laced with a trace of satisfaction. "This really turns you on."
Sherlock sighed comfortably.
John saw how hard it was for the mayor to concede the defeat. Still, it was inexcusable. Completely inexcusable and utter...
"What's he doing here?" Mike blurted out, sending a confused look in John's direction. "I thought you didn't want him to..."
Sherlock moved John's finger from his cheek and led it to his lips. "Thank you," he whispered, ghosting a kiss onto John's fingertips. John felt the faint smile, felt Sherlock's warm breath on his skin and the memory of the sweet, tender, airy sound of Sherlock's violin surrounded him. He groped for the light on his nightstand and turned it on.
"I'm talking about leaving," Sherlock answered stoically.
John was speechless for a moment. That response came as such a surprise he didn't know what else to say. Sherlock was right. He'd never gone to the trouble – or even mentioned – that he wanted to have Sherlock for himself. It simply hadn't occurred to him.
"You're gorgeous, in fact." Then he undressed and removed Sherlock's bindings.
"What?" John asked, trying to cover his incipient concern with severity. He'd actually intended to fuck Sherlock into the floor – even if he'd pay later for it with pains in his shoulder – to make it clear to him once and for all that he wasn't a man to be fooled with, that he was used to getting his way. But Sherlock's
"I manipulated the voting," Mycroft admitted casually.
All of their meetings since then - and there had been quite a few - had been characterised by a deliberate, practical efficiency... and a remarkably businesslike chill. There had been no room anymore for meaningful questions or remarks of a personal nature, which Mycroft would have roundly rejected from any other inquisitor, and the absence of which he now regretted.
Sherlock – the first and only person who had never lied to him ... at least not concerning anything of importance.
," said Jacques. "I'll take care of it." He straightened his bow tie and went into the entrance hall just as John Watson entered the house.
“Dave...” Naresh murmured. It sounded as if the two men had had this conversation multiple times before.
The first floor housed the more private quarters, including a roomy living space with two couches and two armchairs, a fireplace and a round dining table surrounded by four chairs. There was also a big television and an expensive stereo system. Two walls were filled with bookshelves.
Silence sank over the room.
"Because this is precisely where you wanted me to be," Sherlock answered calmly. "Why should I be anywhere else?"
"Other than your brother, I've never known anyone else to have that name," Greg insisted.
"All right," John said, trying to force his hard cock back into his trousers, accompanied by varied facial contortions. "Everything's wet enough now. Next comes the cut, right?"
"There is no way I'm going to hit you, and I'm not going to fuck you either."
Sherlock had become unbearable.
“No - but that doesn’t mean you have my permission to insult him.”
“Blond hair... strong chin... his eyes are a bit too...”
"Possibly," he finally said in a disinterested tone, adding a tight smile that took some effort to squeeze out.
“Thank you, Mr Sigerson,” Mike said. The sincerity of the statement was underscored by its formality, and - if possible - surpassed only by the reverence it expressed.
John couldn't hold back the grin any longer. "Get healthy again," he replied mildly. "And now stop pouting and lie down. I want to check whether everything's healing up all right."
John perked his ears at the word
God... what had he done? What had he said to make John throw him out now? Because that's what was going on, wasn't it? This was him being thrown out... every fibre of Sherlock's being fought against it. He wouldn't leave. Absolutely not. There was no question. If John didn't want him in his bed anymore, he'd stay on as an employee. As the butler if need be! He'd even work as a gardener if only he could stay close to John and still see him. Even if John took someone else into his bed... he'd stay even then... although... if he really did end up working as the butler... the chances were good that Sherlock would simply poison whoever ended up being his successor to John's favour.
The fact that he wasn't able to make heads or tails of Mycroft's baffling behaviour drove Sherlock nearly round the bend, and troubled him at the same time. Mycroft must have noticed that John didn't know the whole story... he always noticed everything... didn't he? Was it possible that the two men had simply talked past each other on such a grand scale?
John's eye fell on Albright once again, whose face was distorted in a peculiar grimace reflecting a combination of fear, anger, and rancour.
When Sherlock was finished unpacking and had sorted out and put away all his things, at least part of the cold, impersonal orderliness of the room had disappeared. The room looked lived in, maybe even tending toward inviting.
Cooper and Jack watched their companion stalk over on stiff legs to a little group of trees surrounded by a green hedgerow.
"Your lip..." John tried to protest. "You still have..."
And John was, once again, not there.
Translation by the utterly fantastic
oooOOOoooOOOoooOOOooo
"Sherlock - I'm warning you," John said, very softly.
"Mmhm," went John. Then he looked up as a disturbing thought came over him. "Where's Mike, anyway?"
How did John manage to make such utterly trivial words sound so naughty? Sherlock shook his head to dispel the erotic fog somewhat. His John was waiting for an answer.
“You can bet on it,” Mike answered with grim satisfaction. “One that won’t get him another job too soon either. At least not one that pays such astronomical wages.”
variety. Negative on all fronts. He noted the way John's arms hung down beside his body, how his hands formed into fists even as he continued standing in the doorway.
"Does that feel as if I were disgusted?" Sherlock murmured in a dark voice.
Sherlock's head lifted from John's shoulder only to give him a reproachful look. “
Again, the wave receded without Sherlock having come even an inch closer to his goal. Disappointment and disillusionment settled in him. His eyes burned.
"No one's throwing you out here! Least of all John!" Mike said with half a grin. "How did you ever come up with such an insane notion?"
His lips shaped themselves into a sly, contemptuous grin.
was definitely a foreign concept for him. At some point, he must have learned to recognise the signs of disloyalty. That was the reason he always used condoms, in order to protect at least his body from the dangers of a potentially unfaithful partner.
"Good night, Sleeping Beauty," John said in affectionate jest, pressing a kiss to the tousled curls against his shoulder. "Sleep well."
Greg grinned broadly. "Fairly detailed ones at that."
The vibrator turned off with a quiet click.
’, when Thomas brought in his order; Sherlock decided to toss out all of his misgivings and restraint, and spoke to Thomas directly.
Sherlock's heart, which had been beating wildly before, froze at those words. Still, he did everything John asked, even though he felt something die inside him. John had never ordered him to kneel in that tone of voice before.
... something," Greg blustered in an undertone. "God... I can't even remember my own title! Something horribly nondescript anyway that's got nothing at all to do with the police and that I wish I'd never let myself in for!"
"Then I wasn't wrong after all..." Mycroft determined, both relieved and smug, and let his lips wander down Greg's neck as he inserted his thigh between the man's legs.
"Undecided," Mycroft answered the question absently. "I determined that intimate relationships generally don't deliver what they promise."
John's lips curved up. "Then I'll put you over my knee."
He didn't even hear Mike's bewildered "John?"
Moran... there must be a real
"That you're impossible when it's that time of the month."
"A little tip in passing … never … no matter what ... call him
That blasted Mycroft! It was clear that his thrice-cursed brother was somehow going to manage to rub Sherlock's nose in the fact that he was the eternal loser of the Holmes clan. Sherlock inhaled the smoke as deep as he could, even as his agitated steps slowed on the manicured lawn. Bit by bit, he calmed down. Bit by bit, the anger and pain faded away. Bit by bit, he was able to think clearly again. What was it that John had said?
, it had given Moran an even more influential position within the mob. The perfect position from which to throw spanners in John's plans and damage him while he himself flew under the radar and remained completely above reproach as John's saviour.
Sherlock, lying on his side, felt John's come dripping out of his body, and turned back onto his stomach so he could stare at John in disbelief.
Sherlock propped himself up a bit on the sofa so he could take Mike’s hand with a faint smile.
Mike allowed himself to breathe out a small sigh of relief and emerged from behind the desk, walking toward John. "I told you about the whole mess a week ago," he answered calmly. "I guess you weren't listening. You were probably too busy being annoyed with yourself because you enjoyed the company of that Sherlock kid more than... My God... JOHN!"
Mike shook his head. “John. Take some more time to think about this. The guy's a prostitute. He's going to fleece you. Like an angora sweater.”
There was a sound of breaking glass.
“Don't...” Sherlock gasped, voice broken. “Please, don’t stop. It’s…it’s nothing just…please, John. Don’t…stop!”
"Shit, no!" John cried. "You didn't think anything... You didn't think for one bloody second! Is that your idea of fun? Playing Russian roulette? With your life?"
This time, Sherlock's scream was a combination of pain and arousal, and another stream of the milky fluid flowed out of the glistening tip of his penis.
mode so fast it made John's head spin. "And now get into the tub before the water goes completely cold!"
“You didn't call!” Sherlock hurled at him with surprising strength and a surprising degree of reproach, in lieu of a greeting.
No, Sherlock was not exactly suffering from boredom at the moment. Even the perpetual nagging desire for a cigarette which had haunted him almost constantly since that accursed promise, too flippantly made, had been extinguished... extinguished as thoroughly as a glowing cigarette butt that had been dunked in the wet dregs of a glass of cognac.
"Nothing there either," Mike answered, shrugging again.
- whore, prostitute
"We're leaving, Mike," John managed to press out.
By now, he didn't just want to satisfy his intellectual curiosity, but the other – more physical – needs as well, which John had set alight in him without bothering to quench the resulting slow, smouldering flames.
"And what's that supposed to change?" Mike asked, sceptical.
Unexpectedly, Sherlock spoke up: "I don't want to be paid.”
Maybe Mycroft wouldn't be so surprised after all if Sherlock put in an order for two engagement rings with this particular jeweller.
John gave him a sharp look. "You're going to regret that," he said with an insincerely sweet smile.
The soft skin behind John's balls tasted salty. Like sweat. A little like John's shower gel. A trace of gunpowder and gun oil. Sherlock breathed it in, enjoying the scent, and licked the area with his flattened tongue.
"You're not the least bit sorry," Sherlock hissed, goading him.
Sherlock's breaths were shallow and uneven, and John waited a moment to see if he would be able to calm himself without help. However, when that didn't seem to be the case, John asked in a purposefully even tone, "Does it hurt?"
Sherlock rushed to pass the narrow card with the sample of the blue paint and its outlandish name into John's outstretched hand. Their fingers only brushed briefly, but Sherlock felt the minimal contact so intensely as if they had shared a kiss in a close, intimate embrace.
"Our... needs... complement each other extremely well. And that's all you're going to hear from me on the topic," Sherlock answered firmly.
"It could have been worse. Today, I think... motherhood just wasn't her calling. But she was always... dutiful. She attended every school do... sat in the audience at every performance either Mycroft or I took part in... she never scolded us if one of us broke something..." Sherlock fell silent and his eyes focused on something far away... on a past, a memory that only he could see, because only he had lived through it.
"No," Mycroft answered in a bored tone. "I've been expecting it since the day of my election - which must have come as quite a surprise to you. You'll have put up your own candidate, of course," Mycroft explained with irritating politeness. "Therefore, nothing could be more natural than to seek me out in order to... how should I put it..." Mycroft pretended he was looking for the right words, finally concluding in an arrogant, patronising manner, "...try and
"He didn't tell me he was going until recently either. I saw he had her card a while ago. I've no idea how many appointments he's already had with her..."
"I've no idea what he's doing here or how he got in here," John replied grimly. "But it's a bloody good thing he did, or we'd never have caught on to them. What am I paying that army of accountants for anyway? Can you tell me that?"
The photo showed a blond man - just like the description both Kitty and John's bodyguards had given. The low bird's-eye view of the image indicated a surveillance camera. It was a surprisingly good photo, given that. Sherlock stared at it, mesmerised. Of course he could show it to John and Mike straight away without checking back with Kitty first... but what if Sherlock were wrong with his suspicion? He stared off into space for a moment... John would identify the man in the photo as Sebastian Moran and presumably rush out on some rash mission, the outcome of which would undoubtedly be Moran's death. So far so good. But what if it turned out Moran wasn't the one who had met with Charlie White? What if it turned out to be nothing more than a fleeting similarity? How many blond men were there in London with close-set eyes and a square jaw? Hundreds? Thousands?
Mike blinked. He wasn’t used to John admitting his culpability quite so readily.
God - Sherlock could be so docile and obedient when he wanted to, almost excessively so … Even before, when Sherlock's eager tongue had cleaned the mashed potatoes from his fingers, his libido had been surprisingly attentive. John had actually meant it as a way to force Sherlock to buckle under, to awaken his submissiveness - and maybe to humiliate him a bit as well. But he hadn't counted on finding it so arousing himself.
"You're still here," John murmured, still half asleep, rubbing his eyes with one hand.
"Mike, which part of '
“Ooohhh yessss...” Sherlock groaned slowly and opened his own trousers with shaky, frantic fingers. His half-hard erection obeyed both the law of gravity and Sherlock's desire, and pressed against the hot bundle in John's pants.
"But... I thought..." Sherlock sounded completely bewildered, turning his head and looking back and forth between John and the box containing the sounds with a confused and rather longing expression.
"No, no," Patrick waved off the suggestion. "He lived in the same street... with his parents and... I think he had a couple of brothers and sisters. Their house burnt down. All of them dead. Except the fellow. Sally supposedly pulled him out of the house before it collapsed. Was a big brouhaha about it back in the day. There wasn't never such a big fire round there before. If you ask me, though, he wasn't even in the house. He was sticking it to that little slapper behind the shed in his parents' garden when the whole thing went down. But everyone made the little floozy out to be some kind of hero or something. I'm fairly certain they even took up a collection for her so she could join the force in Belfast... something like that anyhow. She turned eighteen a couple weeks later and hightailed it out of there."
"Thank you, Jacques. I won't need you anymore. You can retire for the night."
John goggled at him a bit before barking out a brief laugh. He closed the minibar again and ran a hand through his hair.
John nodded. "Damage control. Who can we put on it?"
Sherlock wasn't entirely able to hold back a lust-filled moan. The plug was dark blue, more than wide enough, and was decorated with several ridges that Sherlock knew would drive his prostate - and him - mad.
"No!" Sherlock shouted, a cold, hard glitter in his eyes. "He doesn't want me to be exclusive – then he's not going to get me exclusively."
Translation by the most awesome
Irene rubbed her temples with her fingers. “If I ignore you, what are the chances that you'll disappear again and stop bothering me?”
“Yes... far too much...”
"Moran..." The voice coming from the phone in Moran's hand sounded threatening.
"What are you doing?" Sherlock inquired sharply.
by now?" he asked, referencing the nickname the people of London had given the unusual building.
"Inspector Lestrade, I..."
The stoic calmness emanating from Sherlock knocked John for a loop.
And then John finally spoke the redemptive word: "Yes."
"Perhaps because I'm bored?" Sherlock retorted without thinking, glaring at his client in challenge and waiting.
"No... yes... I don't know... it's ... too much ... I ... need ... I need you," Sherlock stammered incoherently.
"No... I promise you, I acted the same toward him as I always do. I was my usual charming self," he added with a lopsided, unhappy grin.
"No," Sherlock said stubbornly, crossing his arms over his chest. "Why should I?"
"TWO!"
The goose pimples all over his body whenever John touched him, whenever he clasped his hand loosely around his hard cock.
It was a disconcerting moment. The clock on the wall said it was lunchtime, and his secretary was sitting outside the door. Mycroft's eyes automatically slid down to Greg's lips. Lips that were pulled back in a knowing smile. Mycroft stood up, came out from behind his desk, and held out his hand.
John directed his full attention at Moran. His gaze was icy as he spoke: "Let's not beat around the bush, Moran. I know you were the one behind Charlie, and I also know you transported the bomb to the ball at Scotland Yard." John let that sink in for a few seconds before continuing. "And I don't just know it, I can prove it." He turned to his bag and opened it, although he didn't take anything out yet. He turned back to Moran. "I may not be able to prove that you keep snitching to that bloody Donovan, all the while making yourself shine with each new success... but the whole thing stinks. It stinks to high heaven."
One last jerk, the final throes, one more weak emission and then... strong arms wrapping around him, a warm, sweaty body nestling up against him, gentle kisses on his cheek, throat, neck, and shoulders, lips whispering against his skin,
"Should I use the anal beads again?" he asked.
The aforementioned smile promptly lit up Sherlock's face.
The left corner of Sherlock's mouth lifted in a sympathetic grin. It happened so rarely that Irene lost her cool and used such coarse language.
The thought that Sherlock was willingly wearing a plug (God, how the others had always fussed about it …
"Do you see that table?" John spoke in a low voice and pointed at the piece of furniture standing along with two chairs in front of the hearth.
"You're the arse!" Jack hissed. "You're here too, trying to make nice for the new boss."
John ground his teeth so hard that his jaw hurt. He breathed heavily in and out through his nose.
OooOOOoooOOOoooOOOooo
knows where you are, you can stop being such a hermit."
"You really enjoy that, don't you?" John growled at him.
In the display window, alongside a jumble of cameos, tarnished silverware, delicate teacups and tasteless paintings of half-naked nymphs and startlingly frivolous angels, hung a piece of paper with a large photograph and a price - as ludicrous as it was high - written next to it. A brief description completed the offer. It wasn't so much the picture that drew John's attention, but the caption over the image:
