"So he is dead?" Holmes pressed.
“John!” he scolded, starting to turn around. “By God, man, announce yourself.”
Lestrade laughed and ushered us towards the table. "Well, it wasn't me that organized it, actually," said he. "That was young Hopkins. He heard yesterday that you'd gone and done it,
"Two people would be noticed," he said. "I'm going to stop at my bolthole in Eastcheap for a change of clothes."
"Fine," Sherlock said, as John went down the stairs. Damn the man, couldn't leave the last word hanging. "But if any of them are late, they're out!"
Then, I could picture Watson talking earnestly with the vicar (why he was in the nave at that hour and not at home I couldn't remember), and I could hear him, somewhat disconnected, convincing the man to wed us.
"Faster now," John said, and Sherlock groaned, hips jerking. His fingers went tight on John's hips and his thrusts grew vigorous as he let himself go. John braced himself on one hand and knees and worked his prick in earnest, fist sliding fast and slick up and down his length. Sherlock's bollocks slapped his backside with every thrust, and he could hear Sherlock's breathing change again; Sherlock's prick got harder inside him, and Sherlock gasped, "John!"
"Wash your face," said he. "You look like you've been in a fight."
"Holmes," I said softly, pulling back, “I– I feel as though I ought to apologise."
"I'll just make you boys a cup of tea," Mrs Hudson said, going into the flat's kitchen, the state of which was a disgrace compared to the gleaming contents of the one below it. "Just this once, mind."
His collar comes loose in my other hand, and I open the first three buttons of his shirt. I release his mouth and turn my attention to the column of his throat; his jaw, shaved that morning, prickles against my cheek. His pulse races beneath my lips. I bite down here, too, and wish I could raise a mark. Once I covered him with little bitten bruises, sucked the blood to the surface and embarrassed him. No one else ever saw them, but he blushed like a girl when I touched them. I wish I could be so blatant. No one would so much as look at him if they knew.
"All right, Sherlock?" Greg asked, peering at his list upside down. "Oh, not the 2005 Castelle sauvignon?"
And then, of course, there was the shock of losing him at Reichenbach. I could revisit that emotion with uncomfortable ease: the feeling of standing at the edge of the waterfall, my heart pounding, his note crumpled in my hand. Screaming his name into the falls. Throwing myself down in the mud to try and see past the swirling water. Searching for any sign that I was mistaken. Not finding it. Sitting there for more than an hour, waiting for something to change. Staggering back down the mountain path, blinded by my grief.
"Holmes," I said, "please."
Sherlock's eyes crinkled when he smiled.
“It needs to rise a few hours,” Holmes murmured, getting flour in my hair now. “And you’re not leaving for the surgery until after lunch.”
Mycroft shook his head at me. "Don't waste this," he said. "Divorce is an ugly process, and requires allegations against one or both of you that are unflattering and unbelievable. With your history as friends and your public visibility as colleagues, and the newness of the legal precedent, you'll have a difficult time untangling yourselves again."
He kissed me again. “And I’m an absolute mess, thanks to you. If you won’t join me, I don’t care, but go and fill my tub or I’ll eat all the bread before you get home.”
Sherlock stepped back and pulled his own T-shirt off over his head. Fair was fair. John's eyes tracked down the length of his body, lingering on his nipples, his elbows, the cut of his hips. Sherlock toed off his shoes and pulled off his socks one-by-one. He hooked his thumbs into the elastic waist of his trousers and pulled them away from his body, over his erection, and let them fall to the floor. He shook the fabric off his feet and stood, chin up, hands landing on his waist. John's eyes crinkled as he smiled.
"When you were in Paris?" John asked. "How long were you away?"
John raised an eyebrow at him over his shoulder.
"Well," the man said, wiping his hands on his expensive-looking trousers, "I suppose that's to be expected. Anyway, potential business partners should know the worst about each other."
“You put me down here,” I protested, sitting up, and caught him before he got away for another deep kiss.
“I followed Timpson into Holywell Street,” I said, “and I had to buy it to divert his suspicion.”
I climb to my feet again, stiff and dusty. This isn't what I came for, though it was worth the trip.
She let go and eased his arm back to its normal position. "No, whatever you're doing, it's good for you. What
Sherlock scowled. "Don't bother," he said. "Stay in the room upstairs. You've got to come back in the morning anyway."
John swallowed hard and forced himself out of bed. The floor was cold under his bare feet, and his arm ached as he slipped his jumper over his head. Downstairs, he could hear Sherlock moving around in the kitchen, opening and closing cupboards, turning on the kettle.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, deeply inconvenienced. "Yes, Chef."
I took a cab back to Baker Street and then oscillated on the pavement long enough for Watson to tap on the window and gesture at me from the sitting room. When I went inside, he was waiting with his hands in his pockets, a sign that he was particularly nervous. He looked so good in his shirtsleeves and waistcoat, his pocket watch chain strung across his middle, his collar buttoned up to his throat, his trousers pressed and his house slippers peeking out from beneath. How could I have walked away from this man?
He offered me the bottle; I declined. He put it away in an overcoat pocket and offered me his flask of brandy instead. This, I accepted. He took the cigarette back. We wandered in relative silence, he smoking and I sipping, until we reached the churchyard. The graves beyond were shadowed and peaceful, and I decided I simply must be among them.
"I have a dinner service to run, John," Sherlock said. "Go find out for yourself."
A second finger joined the first, its introduction slow and deliberate, but as soon as he was inside he rubbed that spot again and again, sending lightning through my blood. My cock pulsed in his mouth.
He huffed and let his arms fall.
Holmes snorted at it. "Smug git," he muttered, and moved the bouquet to the top of his desk where it obscured most of the old bullet-holes he'd pocked the plaster with. The spot gave the bouquet pride of place in the room, above all the others, and I could see it in the mirror over the mantle from my chair by the fire.
"That is my fault," I said, not looking at Watson. "I did not account for the Doctor's injured thigh; he slipped getting out and I sacrificed the floor for the sake of his balance."
"I mean, I don't have to take your shirt off if you don't want," Sherlock said, "although I'd like very much to."
"I haven't agreed, yet," Greg said.
"That's bloody pretentious, Sherlock," John said, to one suggestion of velvet and mahogany. "This might be a posh restaurant, but we're not
"Fine! They're on the list! I'll send them an email! Get out of my dining room!"
"If that bastard thinks he can come into my restaurant," Sherlock said, his eyes going wild again, "and talk to me like that, he has another thing coming. I'd like to see that irresponsible fool run a staff with a full dining room."
"That doesn't mean you should be arrested for it, my dear boy," I said.
"I'm not agreeing to anything naked," John said.
I got out of bed and approached, taking the proffered corset from his hands. "You're sure?"
This is not my remote little cottage, separated from civilisation by six miles of Downs. This house is three times the size of that, and barely on the edge of the town.
"Right," Sherlock said, and finished stripping. A moment later he had shut the bathroom door and was plastering himself to John's back as the little room filled with steam. He ran his hands over John's shoulders, caressing John's scar, and he bent to kiss to the smooth, pink skin in deliberate acknowledgement of it. He had a bit of a fixation, John thought. His prick was rigid against John's lower back. Sherlock wrapped his long arms around John's body, fingers dancing across his skin, pinching one nipple and then the other, then circling around John's heavy, half-hard cock. The wet head of Sherlock's prick was leaving a slick trail on John's skin. John almost regretted stepping away from him to climb into the tub and under the spray of the water, except that he knew Sherlock was following.
"And you have no witnesses," Jennings went on. "And no license, I presume."
"Your laces were too tight," I said. "I've warned you against that."
you in peak form for the opening." He sighed. "I know I do."
He was hinting at something, John decided. Sherlock's quickly reddening face confirmed it. John disliked it, whatever it was.
My nerve failed me immediately, with just the thought of strange eyes upon us, and so I slouched up silently and put my hand on his shoulder. He looked up at me, a little ragged around the edges himself,  but his eyes were bright and clear, the North-Sea blue I adored.
"Jesus," he said, to the empty service shelf. "Jesus."
I might be sick. I choke the bile down my throat again and cling to my own sleeves, lost in this strange land.
When I woke again, the empty basin beneath the corner of the bed had been removed, and my glass of water had been refreshed. Watson had come back to check on me, bless him. I felt better, my stomach no longer insisting on turning itself inside out, and my vision almost normal. I managed to get out of bed, dress myself decently, and wash my face. Shaving was out of the question. I stared for a long minute at my own bleary face in the looking glass, and then decided nothing mattered. I had married John Watson.
"How did you know I'd be nearby?"
"No," Sherlock said. "Do you?"
I can’t think of an answer to that, so I kiss him again, gripping the back of his neck. He shoves against me again, and then all at once pulls back to open my trousers. My prick springs out to meet his hand, and then he has both of us in his grip.
It was ridiculous, and shameful, I thought, opening up my trousers and pushing my hand inside. The touch of my fingers on bare, hard, humid skin made my hips surge, and I drew my prick out through the gap in my drawers. It was unseemly to imagine Watson this way, even though getting on his knees for a man was something he did without hesitation. I tried not to think about the other men he had fellated, but even that wicked image made my heart pound as I manipulated the hood around my slick cock head. He was practised, and would know how to swallow a man in an instant.
"Not if it's going to make you make that face." John smiled at him, suffused with warmth and affection for this strange, abrasive, brilliant man. "But yeah, I could eat. Did you have somewhere in mind?"
"We should let them eat," Sherlock said. His own stomach was starting to growl, even though he'd eaten before service.
John moved the rice around a bit, heaping it into the sauce. Sherlock waited. Finally, John said, "I don't know."
"Christ," John said, looking over his shoulder at the clock on the nightstand. It was past one in the morning. "I'm knackered."
"Fuck."
"No," he gasped, and the frankness of it almost made me lose my footing entirely. He jogged to a stop, leaning hard against the wall, but when I slowed as well he snapped, "Watson, don't lose him!" His breath was coming short and sharp, and his voice was almost a wheeze.
"Good morning," said I, to the skin of his throat.
"Reliable."
"I'm mad for you," I replied. "God, I want– so much, I want everything."
"I can try."
"Sorry."
Sherlock's other eyebrow went up. "I didn't say anything."
John snorted and nestled in closer. "Never mind."
Staring at the ceiling of my Baker Street bedroom, I wondered suddenly, had we kissed after the ceremony? If something like
"And you," he replied. "I haven't eaten. Shall we sit down?”
. Sherlock knew Jim Moriarty. He'd had some kind of run in with him before. Had Moriarty given Sherlock a bad review in the past? The photographer snapped a photograph unexpectedly; John blinked in the flash.
For a moment my stomach dropped. We would have to put little tied pieces of string around one another's fingers. How deeply inelegant! I patted my pockets, as if that would help, and froze in surprise when my hand met the hard packet I'd carried in that jacket for years.
"Fuck me," I demanded.
"And you've saved a man's life and helped remove a criminal from our midst, so we're all very grateful."
Watson kept a foot on Williams’s thigh until I had finished and straightened up, and then we both stood there in the grass, awaiting the arrival of Scotland Yard.
"Do you suggest I start now?" I ask. My voice almost doesn't shake. My body misses him as much as my heart does; I am a man, for all my protestations.
"You certainly haven't proved that yet."
The door opened, and the landlady came in bearing a tray. Holmes sat up at once, and then leaned over hard, clutching his head. His back heaved, but he didn't vomit. His strength of will is something I have always admired. I sat up more slowly, feeling my way gingerly upright. My head was pounding.
John scrubbed both hands through his hair in frustration. "Damn it, Sherlock," he said, but the fight had gone out of him. He covered his eyes with the heels of his hands, and took a couple of deep breaths. His shoulder ached.
"What?" John squinted at the clock. "It's half three in the morning."
The stranger muttered, "Sounds like him."
Hopkins came around the desk with a handful of keys, but he hesitated at the door. “Mr Holmes…”
"Oh, my God," Sherlock said. He almost pulled away, but he looked up and saw John watching him from across the room. John met his eye and winked. Sherlock looked back down at his parents. "Yes, well," he said, "he's… good at his job."
"What's wrong with my shoes?" Molly demanded. She'd stood up to Sherlock in the kitchen already when he'd questioned her mousse, sticking a spoon in his mouth as he'd started on a lecture about aeration. He'd shut up right quick, licked the spoon clean, and only berated her about speed after that. John had wanted to give her extra marks for it, but he'd already hired her.
When he had moaned to Mike Stamford that no one would start a restaurant with him, he could never have predicted this turn of events. He’d just been griping, honestly, to one of the only sympathetic listeners he could find. It was a good rant and he’d been glad enough not to waste it on the skull. Mike had nodded and “hmm”ed at all the appropriate places, and then turned up four hours later with an old chum from culinary school.
"Why?" Sherlock demanded, breathless. "Don't want anyone to know?"
"I didn't know!" John said. "You were the one who deleted that information."
"What happened next?"
Things in England had changed while I'd been away. The laws governing the relations between men had been relaxed; some had been abolished altogether. I'd never expected such a development, nor, it seemed, had John Watson. He'd been publishing his stories about our cases together in my absence, never anticipating that I might read them. It was these that made me begin to change my mind.
"But for God's sake don't bin the whole menu."
"I've just hired her, if it'll be a problem."
"Behind my back?" Sherlock demanded.
"Now, gentlemen," said he, leading our strange wedding party through the choir to the altar, "may I introduce Gretchen and Eliza? They work for me and are residents of the parish; they will be your witnesses."
“No, it’s--” Sherlock sighed. “You’re right, the second ones are better.” He circled them on the sheet. “Lestrade, try this one. Molly, you’ll like the one on the end. John, whites now.”
"I say, Watson," he whispered in greeting.
"Oh piss off," John laughed, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's neck and kissing his mouth. "You're just fishing for compliments."
He reached out and took my hand in his, squeezing it firmly and smiling at me over his shoulder.
Watson looked up again. "Here?"
"Perfect," Sherlock said, scowling in the direction of the banging and sound of drywall being scattered in pieces all over his bathroom floor. "Go hail a cab; I'll be down in a minute."
Watson blinked at me, and then he laughed. "Holmes! How very pragmatic of you. What a good idea."
“In one place?”
Sherlock was silent for a while, but it wasn't that he hadn't heard or was ignoring John. He pursed his mouth, frowning at the pot of water. John laid the bacon out in strips in the pan and turned on the burner.
He'd convince John to stay. It
"Yes, Chef," Sherlock said, bending his head.
"Can I ask what's going on in here?" John said, crossing his arms. "Is there a problem?"
magazine subscriptions.”
“Ride back to the station, Mr Holmes?” Lestrade offered. “Mr Watson?”
Nine o'clock struck, and I stood up from my chair, intending to go to bed. Holmes looked up from his desk, where he'd started fiddling with the project he'd abandoned when we'd left for Ferrymore Bridge. We stared at each other a moment.
"Sounds mad," John said.
"Why," John said, "you going to make me breakfast every morning if I move in?"
The flush remained as they sipped their first reds, and he kept meeting John's eyes and looking away again, furtive. It was decidedly unsubtle. The wine was getting to him too, despite the care with which he spit. When they had tasted all six on the table, John said, "Well, chef?" and it made Sherlock's blush deepen.
“Sorry, sir, it’s just… the Chief Inspector…”
“That’s how many people they lost when I wrote you had died,” he murmurs, easing his hand out from between us and retrieving his handkerchief from his sleeve. He cleans his fingers off and gives me a cursory wipe.  “Five hundred thousand people know who I belong to.” He balls up the handkerchief and stuffs it into my pocket— charming. His hands are gentle as he tucks me away and does up the buttons. “Every month for three years, five hundred thousand people read about you, but what they were really reading was me watching you. Admiring you. Worshipping you.”
"I think we should open in time for restaurant week," he said.
Holmes's mouth tightened. He sat down on the edge of the bed. "Watson..."
It startled a laugh out of John, and Sherlock grinned against his sternum. He moved to lick at John's other nipple for a bit, until John's giggles had dissolved into ragged breathing. John's fingers were tightening in his hair, bit by bit, and his hips were shifting under Sherlock's. His prick rubbed against Sherlock's in all the right ways through their briefs, and soon Sherlock was drawn into the slow grind. He tipped his forehead against John's ribs to catch his breath.
I served myself from the dishes between us, feeling strangely disappointed. "Anything interesting in there?" I tried.
John swallowed hard and looked down at the notebook again. Stimulate the imagination, indeed. It was a physical effort not to curl his toes in Sherlock's grip. "Right," he said, and cleared his throat. "Passion fruit juice raw egg."
"I'll manage," I reply, but I drop the cloak in the window onto the seat.
He would. I rub my cheek against the grass. “You’re not him.”
The service window at the back of the room had a stainless steel lip about the level of John's chest, just the right height for waiters to pick up plates or trays. Through it, John took in the view of the kitchen area, which was about twice as full of equipment as it needed to be, and looked positively chocka when compared to the empty dining room.
"What does she think of your new venture?"
"This could be very nice," he said, turning in a circle and looking around the kitchen again. "This could be very nice indeed."
I hauled myself to my feet, cursing him and my uncooperative leg. Beyond, I heard Holmes yell, "Stop right there!" and another voice reply with an indistinct shout. As I rounded the barrels into the light, Holmes cried, "Watson, quick!" and took off running, vanishing almost at once into the fog.
"I don't intend to," he said, rubbing his hand up and down the middle of my back, rucking up my nightshirt and smoothing it out again. "But I might... that is to say, I have gone long enough turning down help when it's kindly offered. 'No man is an island entire of itself.'"
"Are you bored? Do you need a case? Shall we go on a holiday?" He turned back to the mirror and continued his careful work. "I could use a few days away from the city, if you think it would help."
Sherlock said nothing. He crossed his arms and glared at Mycroft.
John got up from his chair. "It was just a dream, Sherlock. I'm not having second thoughts." He stepped across the rug and took Sherlock's hands. "Come on. It's almost four. We need to be up in six hours to open our bloody restaurant."
We couldn't discuss it very much more, for the maid was in and out, emptying the tub. When it was done, finally, the clock chimed ten. Late-morning sun streamed in through the windows. The whole day was ahead of us. Watson nodded in the armchair, his bare feet up on a stool.
"Opening another restaurant," John said.
“Your man has been arrested.”
"To Sir George," I said, touching my glass to Watson's.
home. You go days, sometimes."
Sherlock pulled out, still breathing hard, and John rolled over onto his back with his throbbing cock still in hand. Sherlock said, "C'mere," and crouched, sealing his mouth around the tip of John's cock and sliding two fingers back into him. John shouted, hands flying to the back of Sherlock's head. Sherlock sucked him hard and fast, fucking him fast and deep and rubbing his prostate with deadly aim. John's orgasm twisted hard inside him, sharp-edged and powerful, and he squeezed his fists in Sherlock's hair. Sherlock moaned, muffled by his mouthful. He twisted his fingers, thumb pressing hard against the root of John's cock behind his bollocks. It was enough; John's cock swelled and stiffened, and he could feel his arse clamp down on Sherlock's fingers. He came with a yell, hips lifting off the bed, pushing himself deep into Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock held him up, strong and still, rubbing him slowly inside until he was shuddering.
I reach my glory, spurting over his hand with a helpless groan. He follows me in an instant, his spending hot on my skin, and I swear it causes another spasm in me.
We stared at one another, all ardor dissolved. I still wanted him madly, but I couldn't act on it with the misunderstanding hanging between us.
Pushing aside his concern, John shouldered through the swinging door and crossed the floor to meet the reviewer. He had seen his photograph before, but couldn't remember his name.
It was witnessed by two names I didn't recognize, in handwriting that suggested they were plucked without due consideration from the local population, and signed by the Reverend Frederick Jennings.
"Tell me what happened."
your pardon?"
"Fine. But I don't need you today. Go out and… see a museum. Or your physiotherapist."
"Come on," Sherlock said, apparently not noticing John's lapse of good judgement. "I'll show you."
“John,” he was gasping, “oh, God, John,” and one hand found my hair. His fingers clenched, almost too tight, and for a moment I let him push me harder against his arse. Pointed deliberately, my tongue could slip right inside him. “Oh, John, please!” I pursed my lips against his hole and stuck my tongue in deeper. He cried out.
I did it with the help of one John Watson: former army surgeon, hero of the Empire, and opportunistic prostitute. He'd been engaged in an unspecified act of gross indecency one late evening (what, he would not reveal) when the two men nearby began a tryst. Normally, Watson insisted, he would not have taken any note of them at all, but that he had not seen the younger man before. Being familiar with the park and most of the soldiers and others who used it as their meeting grounds, this face stood out.
Molly left at ten, leaving a refrigerator full of completed desserts behind her just in case. At eleven, they locked the doors, fed the staff, and started cleaning up. By midnight, Sherlock and John were the only ones left in the restaurant. Sarah and Craig had only left only ten minutes ago, and Lestrade had just walked out the door, calling goodbye over his shoulder, when Sherlock pressed John up against the prep table in the middle of the room and kissed him.
"Apparently not," I reply.
He climbed off and sat across from me in the cab. I could hardly see him.
"Hold it up above your head."
"I mean," she said, as the silence grew uncomfortable, "all this molecular gastronomy's your business, isn't it? John's the management. That's what he said. He's not got
John said, "Hmm."
Leaving the flat by the window is simplicity itself. I am out in the thick night air in a matter of minutes, and in total silence, too. Old crevasses find my fingers and the toes of my boots, and I reach the ground with ease. I am not as old as I was. Something about the procedure has restored more of my vitality than I had left. I brush the residue of old mortar and older bricks off on my trousers. I should have brought my coat, or even that cumbersome Inverness; the air is cold, despite the throb of the human race all around me.
While I was fumbling with it, getting nowhere, I heard footsteps on the stairs, coming down, and then the street door open and close.
a team."
An expression flashed across her face, and I knew Holmes had gone too far, insinuated too much. It was now clear to her what we were about. I gave Holmes a nudge up the stairs and said, "Thank you, Mrs Hudson," to her over my shoulder. By Jove, I hope she did go run an errand.
"No, I just… I expected you to… deduce them. Is Harry having a drink?"
“What is this about, Holmes?” he demands, when I finally let him go.
"You belong in
"Deeply," he says. He gives me a squeeze. "The usual physical reactions may not be present, but rest assured that my internal processes are running with enthusiasm."
Sherlock waved away his concern with one long, pale hand.  "Whatever you want to call it," he said. "Well?"
," I said, sitting up straighter. "What, really, John?"
Mycroft ignored Sherlock, and turned to John with a cool, oily smile. "Mycroft Holmes," he said, bowing his head slightly in a distant show of respect that John didn't buy for a second. "It's good to finally meet you. I've heard absolutely nothing about you."
He sat with Paul, helping him keep his arm up over his head, until he heard the back door open and felt the cold rush of April air that accompanied it. Anderson appeared in the office doorway with an EMT in a blue jumpsuit behind him. John got out of the way so the EMT could crouch down in front of Paul and get a look at his hand.
"That," he said, when he'd swallowed, "was amazing."
I feel him smile, and he kisses me again. I bow my head, inviting another. When I am rewarded with it, I cannot help the sigh that escapes me. My heart is beating against my ribs and my face heats. Arousal takes root in my gut, beneath the warm cup of Watson’s hand. His palm flattens on my belly, hot through my night clothes. His lips drag against the bump of my last cervical vertebra.
"There’s a tin of petrolatum in my valise," I offered.
"Yes, if you bother to
I pull off. "Absolutely not."
"And gluten intolerances," John went on, "and people who want to make substitutions."
"Not from
"I'm a selfish man, John," Sherlock said, lips moving against John's skin. "If it hadn't happened, I'd have never had a chance with you."
These were unbuttoned and dropped.
to buy thousands of pounds worth of wine.
"I don't need your help!" he shouted.
John managed not to wince. “Cheers,” he said. “Thanks. Yeah.”
The cab comes easing to a stop and sinks to the ground.
"How can you not remember any of it?" he demanded.
She was going to cry again.
"I looked you up on the internet last night," he admitted, after a moment of silence which was undercut by the pleasantly homey sounds of the kettle heating up and Mrs Hudson getting out a couple of mugs.
"No you won't," I say, wrapping him up in my arms.
Eventually we reach the edge of the city. The lights are fewer and farther between. I couldn't identify a single landmark, certainly not from this angle, but somehow it feels familiar to be moving out into the countryside. Beside me, the machine is quiet, not making any demands on my inner thoughts. The music winds between us, coming from nowhere and everywhere at the same time. I resign myself to not being surprised by any miracles.
“Don’t I? Can’t I lay a claim upon you? You’re
"Who's he bringing, anyway?" John asked.
why you keep me around. I'll pick and you can overrule if you must, but… let me do it."
"God, I love this bloody city," John said, looking out over the water and all the glittering lights across the river. "What a mess it is."
"How could I not?"
“Is this all right?” he whispers.
Sherlock swallowed visibly. "You're not the bottom of the barrel, either," he said.
"And?" Sherlock asked. His eyes were closed. "How many videos did you watch?"
know you want it."
He pulled back to look into my eyes, quite serious despite how drunk he was. "Are you sure you want to?"
We listened as the boots approached the warehouse and heard the jingle of keys. The heavy chain was withdrawn and the bolt unlocked; the doors creaked as they swung open.
He let go of one side of my head to unfasten my collar studs; these and the collar he left on the mantle. We never were much for subtlety in our own home. Having uncovered more of my neck, he turned his attention back to it and began to bite and suck until I was certain I'd be covered in marks. Desire throbbed in my veins, tightening my nipples and gathering hot and heavy between my legs.
"My mum and dad."
It remains with me at Baker Street. It keeps me company during the times we are not required by the Yard, and it accompanies me on explorations of the city. London has changed a lot in the time I was—is sleeping a good word?—but some pieces of it are eternally familiar. The machine is always at my side, guiding me home no matter how lost I try to get.
His prick twitched and I felt the pulse of fluid when my lips touched its head. My finger sank fully into his body. I gave him a moment to adjust to the sting of penetration, tonguing his slit. I felt his hands come to rest upon my head, and then he was pushing my hair away from my eyes and whispering, "Good lord, John."
"Well," said he, unfolding his napkin, "you're treating me the way you might treat a wife, which isn't exactly necessary."
John felt a thrill of pleasure go down his back. This was what he loved about cooking. Keeping balls in the air, or pots on the stove, was what he lived for. John visualised the final dish, imagined setting it before the judges and watching their impassive faces for the slightest trace of an opinion. Fifty-three minutes on the clock.
likely was a pragmatic mutual decision to secure our shared assets and reputation. I had made a great deal of money off telling his stories while he was away, and he was now reaping the benefits as well. We shared the rent, we shared the furniture, so we might as well share the risk. It made perfect sense for us to tie it up legally, and I supposed getting married was the most expedient way.
"He did say," Lestrade agreed with a sly smile in my direction. "Well, gentlemen, we're all very pleased for you; it was high time you made it official."
Sherlock beamed.
"Montgomery is gone," Sherlock said. "He's cocky and I don't like him."
“Well he is–”
Lestrade looked smug. "There you go, then. Inevitable. Bit of a detour in the middle, I'd say."
"She's— Well, I didn't know she was." John skimmed the rest of the article. "Bit of a conflict of interest, isn't there?"
"Watson, please," I said.
The swelling had gone down overnight and the bruise was slight, just shadowing the soft skin under my eye. "It's fine," I said. "I'll just— give me a few minutes."
The pressure against his internal muscles made him tense, which brought Sherlock to a halt at once. He groped behind him for Sherlock's thigh and made himself relax; Sherlock squeezed his hip as he sank a little deeper. He stroked the small of John's back, the length of his spine between John's pelvis and his ribs as he eased his hips forward. John dug his teeth into the meat of his forearm and breathed.
"Of course you did," I muttered.
are."
angry. Perhaps I deserved to awaken it again, now that I'd done
I ignored him. "The train to London leaves in forty minutes."
"But I haven't asked you any questions yet," Moriarty said. He slid off the prep table where he'd been sitting and fastidiously straightened the lines of his suit.
The menu at 221 is not yet complete, but we have been told that it will involve two tracks of dining options: the first, three prix fixe molecular experiences, six courses each, with an accompanying selection of wines and cocktails that will start you £125 per person; for the rest of us, a standard-issue pick-and-mix of recognisable starters, mains, and desserts, from £9 for a bowl of salad to £29 for a oyster platter. If nothing else, the price will be worth the chance to overhear Holmes's kitchen tirades and maybe film a quick video to add to his several-hours-long YouTube playlist. What Watson will have to offer, except maybe damage control, remains to be seen.
Sherlock scowled at the peas and scooped them up into a spoon to cram them into the centrifuge's individual vials. "I hoped you looked at her CV longer than you looked at her—"
, I want them to come to be entertained, and impressed, and to be told how to enjoy what's in front of them." He was flushed with emotion now, the colour rising in his face and his eyes blazing. "I'm not interested in who wants fish and who wants chicken and who can't eat celeriac; I'm interested in tricking them into thinking they’re about to eat eggs when really they're putting mango into their mouths."
, but it was Chef Bell—the man who'd made John certain that culinary school was the right place for him. Chef Bell had taken John under his wing, helped him organise his course load to make sure he got the most out of Le Cordon Bleu's offerings, given him the dressing-down he needed when he was overwhelmed and out of line and thinking of quitting. He'd dragged John into his office one afternoon after John had stormed out of Canapés and Finger Food Buffet Work, and told him in no uncertain terms that if he thought having a temper was an essential part to being a successful chef, he could leave right then. He'd held out his hand for John's hat, and John had clutched the hat to his chest, nearly in tears. Ridiculous, he'd thought at the time, but the hat, somehow, meant everything. He wasn't giving it up. Bell had asked him if he wanted to continue with his diploma, and John admitted he'd never wanted to do anything else.
“John,” I whined.
"Blakeley, in the fog. Running. What did he sound like?"
The night was a blur, but I could catch snippets of it. Watson and I finishing a bottle of wine; Watson waxing poetic on the way married people always seem to know where the other one is; climbing over the wall into the cemetery to lounge among the headstones and drink from Watson's flask.
Sherlock nodded, leaning down on the bar. He tugged at the snaps on his coat and wrestled it open, exposing his bare throat and the tight T-shirt he wore underneath. The muscles in his forearms bulged; John looked away. "He does fuss so."
"You'll thank me," Sherlock muttered.
Fully dressed, he ventured down the stairs and found Sherlock in the flat kitchen making breakfast. He was wearing a long, silk dressing gown that swirled around his calves as he slid an omelet onto a plate.
"You don't have to tell me about your sister," Sherlock said.
The cooks appeared in the dining room doorway, sheepish, the lot of them.
“Please stop calling him that.”
Sherlock scowled, fiddling with the pen in his hand.
“Say it,” he says, squeezing us tight. He laughs against my throat. “You’re not wrong often, but you’re wrong about this. Say it!”
My vision is blurred with the upwelling of emotion, but I think he smiles. "Sherlock."
Sherlock watched John while they ate: the quick, methodical way he consumed his food, accustomed to eating standing up during a break in service, despite his years at a high level of management; the suggestion of grey in his fair hair; the visible appreciation on his face of the flavour and texture; the flex of his fingers around the fork; the quirk of his eyebrow when his eyes met Sherlock's. Sherlock found himself blushing, but he made himself maintain the eye contact until John's face flushed and he looked away. Sherlock had regretted kissing him— sucking him off against the fucking door like they had no self control— but more than that he regretted not kissing him more. He'd panicked, afterwards. The Work came first.
Watson could not, of course, admit to Lestrade that he had been accepting money for homosexual acts at the time he witnessed the mugging. When I deduced it, however–not a very clever deduction–he'd come clean about the whole thing. Then the lie we'd told, that he was one of my informants, conveniently placed to gather information for me, became less of a lie. I began to use Watson again and again–for my profession, not for his–and during the day he became one of my most trustworthy resources.
Holmes rolled on top of me and kissed me deeply, tongue searching in my mouth. I moaned, clinging to him, and spread my legs, digging my heels into the bed. My cock was rigid and beginning to be damp at the tip. I ached to have him inside me, so I told him so.
"Restaurant week is right around the corner, and Sherlock has big plans. We want to come onto the scene full tilt and get people to notice us. It's going to be a lot, but it's going to be worth it. I hope you're all ready to work."
John slanted him a look.
I switched my attention to the other nipple, and began to suck and lick it while with my fingers as I pinched and caressed the first. I could hold the entirety of his breast in my one hand; the perfect palmful of flesh. His short nails scratched at my scalp, and his other hand was gripping my upper arm, fingers flexing. His right knee was splayed wide. The smell of his arousal made my cock throb.
Eighteen months after the fire, Fifth Northumberland was long gone, but the building had been rapidly rebuilt and resold, and now a new restaurant stood in its place. John hardly recognised the facade as he squinted at it, the January air biting at his exposed skin. His shoulder was aching and he held it close to his body, huddling into his coat. He'd come here four times since he started physio, watching the progress on the repairs, but the sight of the new restaurant turned his stomach. It was real, now. They hadn't just been fixing the place up for him and Harry again.
"Everyone took the same Regional Cuisine course," Sherlock growled.
The banging on the front door should have warned him something dramatic was on the way: the urgency of it, as well as the sense of security and confidence he'd developed over the last week. Breakfast had been so bloody comfortable, so casual, that there was no way it could have lasted. John, unthinking, went to open the door to see who the hell was pounding on the plywood like that, and Harry exploded past him into the empty dining room.
"Six dozen congratulatory telegrams says you didn’t have time," I countered. I dug my fingers into the muscles of his back and tried not to fuck his fist, even though I would have been entirely welcome to do so.
Then Sherlock levered himself upright again and gripped John's hips in both hands; he began to fuck John with quicker, deeper thrusts, working his hips more forcefully. John stayed on his elbows, not trusting his arm anymore at all, but he could reach under himself and give his prick some encouraging squeezes. His cock hardened in his grip, and soon he was trying to spread his legs wider, arching his back to meet Sherlock's thrusts. Sherlock said, "God, yes," almost too softly to hear. His hands wandered across John's back and up and down John's legs, fondling his arse and massaging his hips.
"I know what happened, Holmes! I was there!" He was on his feet now, his fists clenched. I spared a thought for my landlady, but only to hope that she would have the decency not to interrupt us until our row was through.
appreciate being thought of that way, but he couldn't help it, just like he couldn't help it that he kept getting distracted by the curve of Sherlock's lower lip, or the way he raked both hands through his hair while he was thinking, or the sparkle in his eye when he had a new idea. John was going to have to be careful. Sherlock was his business partner. He couldn't get that close. His relationship with Harry, merely the bonds of blood, had torn asunder their chances of working together again. If he got involved with Sherlock and any part of the arrangement went south, it would ruin all the rest.
Holmes adjusted it until he was satisfied with how it lay, and then lifted his arms once more for my interference. Standing in front of him, I began to snug up the laces on both sides at once, working down from the top. I didn't want it pulling to one side or the other. I was fixated upon my task, fiddling with first one side and then the other, pulling the loops out row by row until the ends of the laces hung long down Holmes's sides. I knew he was watching me, for I could almost feel the weight of his gaze, so I met his eyes to ascertain whether my performance was to his satisfaction.
Nausea percolated in John's stomach. Sherlock was not fine. What had happened was
“You look terrible,” Lestrade said, sounding surprised.
"What," I began, and then stopped myself in surprise. I felt his hand brush against mine, and then the soft touch of his foreskin against my prick head. He drew it down around my head, engulfing me in a tight, hot embrace. He was breathing hard, his hand on my cock unsteady. I gripped his hand with my free one, holding him holding me, and he swore under his breath. His hips shifted, and with it his prick and his hood, and I had to let go of his hand to grab his shoulder instead. My hips jerked wildly, my climax on the horizon. My most tender part was touching his, our slits rubbing together, slick with our excitement even as the water threatened to wash it away. I had to kiss him again, but it was with messy inaccuracy. His mouth was slack, though he mustered some coordination to reply when I licked between his lips.
When the vegetables were soft, Sherlock tipped the pan into the pot and added the tomatoes with their stalks still on. He brought it to a boil and then turned it down to simmer, and said to John, "More wine? Bit of chair shopping?"
Perhaps I
"That you did, which in some circumstances might be considered adding insult to injury."
John's smile was gentle, and he kissed Sherlock's cheek and eyebrow. "I like this bedroom," he said.
"Good," Sherlock said.
"Do you have a meeting you need to go to?"
"I just hired a grill chef who had worked with him early on. Said he was a nightmare."
John looked at him, really looked, and he could see the chef that everyone threw fits about, the one that picked fights with chefs he deemed incompetent and made a manager almost punch him. But he also could see the man who was tired of being
"She'd like that."
"The impulse is noble," said he, "but if I become reliant on you, what have I left?"
The scenes in the book went from one outrageous fuck to the next, without much of a break, but that was rather the point. Once the narrator had done with the ward, he moved right on into an encounter with an older man at a Turkish bath. I was certain I had visited the very same bath, and with Watson no less, so it was even easier to picture the two of us. I squeezed my prick through my trousers, kneading the flesh as it stiffened, my eyes fixed to the page. The scene had an edge of danger to it, since the narrator was in the public bath, but it was clear they wouldn’t be interrupted. The narrator allowed the older man to penetrate him, and the image of them standing in an alcove rutting, the narrator singing the praises of the long prick that fucked him, was what made me open my trousers.
"Of course we can! He hasn't even tasted anything we're going to serve. No one who comes in here will be able to deny what they're eating is fantastic. I don't care what they say about the decor or the lighting or the service; the food will be impeccable, and that's what we'll bank on."
He pulled back to look into my eyes; his were blazing, bluer than the clearest sky. "Holmes, I want you desperately."
John stared. "Bloody hell. About me?"
time alone.
"I'll do my best."
His smile creased the corners of his eyes, and I saw in the gaslight that he was blushing. "The arrangements of our new life. I'm sure it won't change very much, but we can talk about it tomorrow." He pushed his chair away from the desk and crossed the room to me.
"No," Sherlock said again, staring up at the ceiling, despair written on his face, "I don't hate them. I just— I don't love any of them. It's too hard. They're too different. There are too many possibilities, too many combinations. Too many unknowns."
“By Jove,” I muttered against his mouth, which made him laugh. He pressed his forehead to mine and stroked us both as well as he could, fingers stretched by the girth of our cocks together. I rocked my hips, unable to keep from fucking against him; he exhaled a moan, tensing all over, working his hand faster and faster.
He was still sitting there when Sherlock came through the door a few minutes later. Sherlock almost didn't see him, but when he did he came over and sank down beside him.
"Better now than later," Sherlock said, kissing his temple. "Done?"
"No, it's really not. She might be attractive, but I did meet her through Harry."
By Jove, I'd done it.
"Knees here," I say, indicating either side of my ribs. "Face the pillows."
"Right," John said, when the cooks were all paired up (John chucked Montgomery in with Barton and Forbes, since Jones was gone) and had finished introducing themselves to one another. "If you need help, let me or Chef know. We want you to show us your best work, so don't panic. If you get into a bind, just call one of us over. Again, you can use anything you find, except what's in the second fridge and the freezer at the back. Those are for later. Okay? Go ahead."
Throughout the rest of the evening, John provided updates on the number of active covers and the flow of the room. They had no major mishaps, and only one order that came back with a request for no coriander which meant they had to remake it entirely. Sherlock found he didn't mind. He wanted the guest, whoever it was, to enjoy their meal, even if eliminating a crucial ingredient changed the flavour balance of the whole dish. Harry, Clara, and Mary stayed a long time, lingering over their dessert. John nudged Molly to go out and say hello to them if she had a moment, and she came back glowing with pleasure.
I can taste how close he is. He's riding the high of the solved case and it makes him eager. His prick is thickening in my mouth and his whining is almost continuous. The muscles in his backside flex as he fucks my mouth. My fingers work in and out of him faster and deeper; it would be glorious right now to be atop him with my prick in place of my fingers, but he's too near his peak to acquiesce to a change of position now. He's gasping and groaning into the pillow, tensing all over, his arse squeezing down on my fingers.
He went upstairs. There were sheets on the bed, and a nice, heavy duvet that smelled of lavender washing powder. The room wasn't as big as Sherlock's room on the first floor, but it was nearly the same size as John’s whole flat, with a generous closet and a view of Baker Street. There was an IKEA lamp on the nightstand and an empty dresser in the corner opposite a bookshelf and standing mirror. It also had its own full bathroom. John found a wrapped toothbrush in the cabinet over the sink and an unopened tube of toothpaste. A bar of soap, too, was still in its box.
"Well for heaven's sake, then, tell me what happened."
“Good morning,” said he. “Sleep well?”
Sherlock put his plate aside and hopped up in his armchair so that his heels were on the seat and his arse was halfway up the back. He propped his elbows on his knees and steepled his fingers beneath his chin in what John was starting to call his
"What do you want?" he asked.
"Would you prefer I meet you there, or stay with you here?"
After the appointment, John took the Central line to Hyde Park and walked for a while. February was living up to his expectations, being bitterly cold and disgustingly damp, and the gravel/mud mixture under his feet crunched with every step. London was grey and brown and splendid, and he couldn't appreciate any of it. He'd been so long without work, and now the work had come back at him all at once. He didn't
And then he comes out of the water, streaming, stomping up the bank. I’m weak with relief. When he falls to his knees, I am beside him, holding him up. He is holding me up.
"It's good to see you," he said into the warm rose scent of her hair.
“Contractors are idiots,” Sherlock said. “Between us, you and I have enough experience to make it work.”
"This room is the cleanest it's ever been," he went on, "and I'm not saying I
Hopkins scurried away, still holding the keys, and I turned back to Watson. He was still glaring at me.
"You do know we're having
“At least I have never stooped so low,” he said.
Paul got up on shaky legs. A second EMT pushed her way past John and Anderson, sliding in under Paul's other arm to give him some support as they led him outside. Through the open door to the alley, John could see the flashing lights of the ambulance. It hadn't made any noise in its approach, thank God. They didn't need to make any kind of news for anything but their food just yet. He watched as Paul was carefully seated on a gurney and strapped in, and then lifted into the ambulance. The doors closed.
D'Arcy laughed and said, "Well, it doesn't change the fact that he's guilty, so I suppose we can forgive you this lapse, Mr Holmes."
John Watson was a fascinating person. His cooking career had been predictable, almost formulaic: in culinary school at twenty, a
"It was," I agree, staring at my own hands curled before my face. "I never got sick. I don't know why. Of the two of us, I should have been more vulnerable. I used cocaine and morphine for years. I experimented with everything. I poisoned both of us once but I did it to myself a dozen times. I should— I should have—" I choke on my guilt and have to stop.
"We're going home," I said, and rose to my feet. "Thank you, Chief Inspector. I'll be in touch. Come, Watson."
"Here," he said, "come closer," and we shifted. He threaded his legs over my thighs and we slid together until we were nearly prick to prick. I was sweating, my cock throbbing at every twitch of his fingers as we rearranged ourselves. My bollocks were full and heavy, and his thighs pressed mine apart, making me moan. Then he was guiding my hand and shifting some more, making the water slosh up and down, risking the floor. The tip of his prick touched mine.
The next night, John found himself sitting upstairs in Sherlock’s flat, looking at possible dining room furniture on Sherlock's laptop. The wine Sherlock had dug out of his cupboard was spicy on John's tongue, warming him from the pit of his stomach to the tips of his fingers. It was after six, and as the wine went to his head John said, "Show me some of what you've done."
He rose, still holding my hand, and together we went downstairs to his room. Holmes retrieved the corset from the corner where it had been flung and pulled it over his head.
"No," he said, turning to kiss my face. "That is, yes, but not there."
to be an island," he said. "What bloody good is an island? 'Every man is a piece of the continent, a part of the main', and goodness knows 'I am involved in mankind'."
As soon as the door had closed he was kissing me again, this time pushing my waistcoat and shirt off my shoulders and running his long hands up and down my back. He paid homage to my old bullet wound, fingers skating across the exit scar in the back of my shoulder, and then embraced me tightly against his chest. His prick was hard, trapped down one leg of his slim-cut trousers. Mine was likewise straining against my flies. I wanted to be naked, touching him everywhere.
"Thank you," he said.
"I'll—" he said, bringing himself 'round again, "I'll wash it and give it back, if you like."
He buries his face in the pillows again, giggling, and spreads his knees a little wider.
"She enjoyed herself," Sherlock said again. "She might begrudge you for it anyway, but they wouldn't have stayed if they'd hated it."
"Well," John said, flustered, his hands still hovering, "I wasn't exactly anticipating this reaction, but, er—"
," John said, and yanked Sherlock down the bed a few inches, to save him from banging his head against the headboard. He slid Sherlock's knees over his shoulders and leaned down on his hands, folding Sherlock nearly in half. It made jerking off more difficult, but it brought John within a reasonable distance to reach up for a kiss, so Sherlock sacrificed one for the other. John slowed his hips, grinding against Sherlock's backside; he swallowed Sherlock's sob. Sherlock writhed, cursing, pushing his dick into the palm of his own hand. John bit Sherlock's lip, a point of delicious pain.
John shrugged. "Well, I know how to manoeuvre through an active kitchen, that's true, but I'm not going to risk it."
He showered, already sobering up, and got into bed. In the dark, John thought about the wines they had tried and chosen, wishing he'd taken more notes. He remembered the flavours but couldn't remember which was which. When they opened the cases next week, he wasn't going to know what went where. But Sherlock had been diligent, as ever. His obsession with details was his gift. He'd watched John so intently the whole evening, trusting his judgment and relying on his opinions.
I hurried after him down the dark street toward the main road. "Where are we going?"
Sherlock snorted. “Fine.”
John gritted his teeth against a reply.
married people," I corrected him. "You and I see so many
“Someone owes me a favour,” he said, and declined to elaborate. It was a long story, anyway, and some bits reflected rather badly on himself, so it was better to keep John mystified. The videos online didn’t always do him justice.
Holmes glanced at the clock and covered my hands with his own. “No,” he agreed, “I did not lie abed until ten in the morning as some of us are wont to do.”
"Right. Well, as I said, I bought them, what, three years ago now."
The moment I felt his hips dip as he spread his legs, the subtlest shift of his weight, I tightened one arm around his narrow waist and held him in place while I opened his trousers. I was still laid along his back, my nose tucked into his hair and my prick wedged solidly between his cheeks. I mouthed at his neck, nibbling the tender places I knew while he still murmured about his rising dough.
Sherlock scooped the vegetables away as soon as John was finished with them, and added them to the sizzling olive oil in the pan.
I was wearing my wedding ring. I hadn't worn my wedding ring for years, not since Mary had passed away. I kept it in a velvet box in a drawer, safe and unseen.
a restaurant on this is going to take a hell of a lot of work. What's your objective, exactly?"
“Whatever for?”
"Are you all right?" I murmured.
I felt him smile. He turned his head, nuzzling his unshaven cheek against mine, and said, “And I don’t blame you for it.”
"Not into bed, exactly," John said.  He knew he was blushing.  He rubbed the back of his neck.
He smiled slowly. "I wonder how married we ought to act in public," said he.
"John, the cous-cous was too dry," Chef Bell said.
"I thought it was just great, Harry," Frances said, entirely out of turn. "John, the lamb was so tender and juicy, and the pistachios gave a nice crunch."
"Come on," Sherlock said gently. "They won't rib you about it. If they do, I'll can their arses."
Sherlock was giving his name to the man at reception, and at the same time taking off his enormous coat. They were both on the list, it appeared; John found that he wasn’t as surprised as he probably should have been.
"That sounds incredible," John said.
"And, to be transparent, very few men have ever suited me, either. I find romantic entanglements very… as motivators, they are very clear. As experiences, they are alarming and unfamiliar."
is going to take a whole week?"
"I stand by my decisions," John said, "and don't you ever mention my sister again."
Hopkins shook both our hands with enthusiasm. "You were the ones who gave us the real surprise," he said, grinning from ear to ear. "Who would have thought, after all this time, Doctor, that you'd go and make an honest man of Mr Holmes."
"Well, don't," I said. I took his neglected cigarette from him and drew deeply on it. "The point of that whole legal battle was to give everyone the opportunity to make their decisions for themselves, to
"Damn it," Sherlock said, cracking his pen down on the desk. "I'm not doing the interview."
"It's
"I bought that glassware," Sherlock said, wheeling around and taking a threatening step towards him. "There wouldn't be glassware to break without me."
"Clever thing," John said.
"Something like that."
"Sorry, Chef," Hopkins said, turning his back on John and hurrying back to his spot at the prep table. "Oh, no!"
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, saying nothing.
As the cooks began to move around the kitchen, John heard the restaurant door unlock and open, and Lestrade's voice float in.
, let me die in peace," he begged.
"I realise that's rather forward."
with the pesto is called spherification. It's very simple, really, but it works better with some ingredients than with others. Things that are already liquid, for example. The pesto—" He wobbled his hand back and forth. "It needs work."
"He's obsessed with that spherification thing," she said, grinning. "He wants melon liqueur caviar in pomegranate, with a melon garnish. Ice spheres with a screwdriver inside. I love a good ice sphere. He also wants to do some nonsense with lighting absinthe on fire, but we haven't actually confirmed that one yet. I've done some silly stuff in the past, for parties and such, but nothing as focused as this."
"We'll have to find Blakeley before he goes underground again," Richardson said.
"Why, what do you think?"
"It was a pretty big disaster!"
John turned, about to tell him off for interrupting
"What is this, 'foie gras rocher'? That sounds bloody awful, Sherlock."
“Ah,” he said. “I was going to suggest we go out for breakfast, but I see you are engaged.”
"He practically is the government. Don't ever try to engage him in conversation on the matter. You'll end up in Yemen." He crossed the room and went behind the bar, taking a top shelf bottle of scotch. He fished out a glass, considered a moment, and pulled out a second one. Thoughtful. Sherlock poured a healthy measure in both of them, despite the fact that it was ten in the morning, and pushed the second glass across the bar towards John.
"Damn him," Sherlock muttered. "I don't know why I hired him. He knows perfectly well people won't have a choice—"
"Pea butter on bread," Sherlock said, thumbing the notebook open. "We'll use the juice as a jus for something else, but the fat in the peas can go on top of dehydrated herb crackers."
"There, you see?" I said, taking my coat off my shoulders. "I knew we wouldn't have to wait. I hope you're hungry." Our coats disappeared, and I pulled Watson's chair out for him.
He swallowed and gazed at me in the dark. "Mean?"
I drew it out slowly from my left breast pocket. It was a small cloth pouch that, living in that pocket, had escaped being laundered over and over. I opened the buttons on it, unfolded the cloth, and presented two gleaming gold rings to Watson.
Chief Inspector Lloyd hesitated.
“Relax,” he murmurs.
John smirked at him. "You didn't have a plan," he accused. He leaned in, dragging his lips up Sherlock's throat to the point of his chin, then kissing his mouth gently. Sherlock exhaled a little puff of air and kissed John in return, lingering. His tongue touched John's lips, and John let him in, pulling him closer by the back of his stiff white coat. Sherlock was already hard, his erection pressing between John's legs, and John gave a little shove of his hips that made Sherlock groan.
The first touch of his tongue on my glans made me jump, but he quickly softened the touch with his lips and warm breath, enveloping me in wet heat. He licked away my dewed excitement and moaned when I slid my fingers into his dark hair. His fingers played against my entrance, massaging the exterior ring of muscle and coaxing it open. I was eager, tilting my hips and pushing my cock into his mouth. He bobbed his head up and down, his tongue teasing my slit. Lifting my head, I could see that his prick hung heavy and stiff between his thighs, the foreskin pulled back and the tip gleaming.
"Well, you can't be expected to know, if you never look at your own fan sites," Sherlock said. "Anyway, the rest are fine. We'll interview them tomorrow."
“You know, Holmes,” Watson said, sitting back on Williams’s thighs and holding both his hands in a tight grip, “a little bit of warning would be preferred.”
Sherlock tried to watch John's interaction with Harry through the service window, but he had to maintain the flow in the kitchen and keep everyone on the rails. It was a gentler service than he expected for the rest of the restaurant's career. Everyone who came in the door tonight they had personally invited, whether it was Gregson's sister and brother-in-law or a few of John's former employees. John's parents didn't come, he noticed, but he wasn't sure if they had been invited. John didn't talk about them much, except to confirm that he did, at some point or other,
"John," he said, as if he'd forgotten that John had even come back the night before.
“Watson!” I shouted.
"Gyah," Sherlock said, as John brushed against his prostate.
“How did you know that?” I asked. “Have you been here since—?”
We got separated at some point, and I found myself freed from marriage talk when a young constable, younger even than Hopkins, asked me to elaborate on something I'd written about finger prints as a means of identification. We spent a few minutes inspecting our finger-ends under my pocket lens as I described what I'd read about Herschel's fingerprint collection and Dr. Fauld's classification system. I didn't expect the British police to pick up the identification procedure quite yet, so fixated were they on other anatomical measurements, but I took pleasure in this young man's interest in the topic. Scotland Yard can be taught new tricks, I thought.
I was set to carry on like that until he came off, as it seemed it might not take long, but then he said, "Could you-- oh, John, would--"
"Your sister enjoyed herself," he said, licking his fingers.
I told myself.
“This way,” the machine says, turning aside. I follow it along the cliff edge for a quarter of a mile, and we come to a long set of wooden stairs. The body I visited here in last would never stand the descent, but this new one makes no protestations.
"'Anonymous tip last night lead to arrest of Mr Thomas Carlisle in the murder of Samuel Blakeley,'" I read aloud. "You were the anonymous tipster, weren't you?"
There was enough coffee in the pot for a second cup, so John helped himself. He listened to the sound of the shower running, the creak of the pipes in the walls, and the noise of the world outside the flat. He wandered to the front window and looked down at the street: the bustling thoroughfare, the trees of Regent's Park, the occasional pedestrian slowing for a peek through the papered-over windows of 221.
"Thank you," I said. "We're fine, I'm sure."
"Eugh," John said, but he marked it as a dessert. "Duck liver pudding."
John chuckled. "I can't wait to meet them."
might interfere," Sherlock grumbled.
"All right!" I snapped, and put my hand over my eyes to think. "He was... running, and I could hear his steps echoing off the buildings."
"Oh," Sherlock said, "Right. Did you want to… not, er, come back to Baker Street, I mean, but… get something to eat?" With a grimace, he added, "Chips?"
Sherlock shrugged. He had his hands tucked behind his back, maintaining his stance of authority, and it made John a little warm under the collar. He had to look away. If Sherlock baring his throat was bad, covering it with the fully-buttoned chef coat was worse. The coat fit him perfectly— had it been tailored? John wouldn't put it past him— and emphasised both the broad span of his shoulders and the trimness of his waist. Even the trousers, with their black and white check, managed to be flattering. John, on the other hand, trying to de-emphasise the fact that he was, technically,
Sherlock backed off a little. He eased a second finger in beside the first but didn't press as deep, just working them in and out to loosen John's rim. He was still stroking John, somewhat erratically, but John could feel the first glimmer of his orgasm approaching. He leaned forward and braced his hands on the wall, taking a few inches of shower curtain with him. This tub wasn't designed for two people to fool around in it, but John was damned if that was going to stop them.
Against my best intentions, I loved it. I had no business encouraging this kind of physical affection, except that it was a convincing show of matrimony. People might believe we had married for the legal protections of our assets, but they certainly wouldn't buy that was the
"Was it the cocaine that made it impossible for you to keep a job, or was that the withdrawal?"
Finally he murmured, "Oh my dear fellow, how I missed you," and I sighed against his abused throat.
"I think Mrs Hudson put some bacon in the fridge last time she was here, too. I won't promise you it's still any good."
He shut up, but his eyes burned.
I glare at him. He giggles, pleased with himself. I sigh. "Go on, then."
," I hissed.
"John, I'm sorry," I said, interrupting him so that I could get my apology out of the way before he tried to apologize instead.
"And you can get some of your floor managers to come with you, can't you?"
Then he said, “But I wonder if the sourdough starter would react more quickly if the rising dough were set in the sun.”
He grinned. "I had suspicions about where a new gang member would come from and what he might offer the group. At any rate, I hardly thought about it until I was nearly home but... I was quite comfortable all day. My gussets didn't pinch. I could breathe easily. Nothing...
Watson’s eyes met mine again and he raised an eyebrow at me, perhaps asking what I thought I was staring at. I shrugged in answer, squeezing myself under the blankets.
“Get dressed, Holmes,” Lestrade said sharply.
Harry said, "Shit," and yanked open the oven. At once, they were engulfed in the smell of smoke and burnt fowl. John's gag reflex kicked once, but he kept his stomach down. Harry shoved her hands into the oven gloves and pulled out the dish. "It's fine, John, look."
"John,
," I said. "I wish you would."
I squeezed back and saw his eyes flash with surprise. The corner of his mouth twitched in a smile, and desire flared in my chest. I had kissed that mouth only two nights ago. We hadn't discussed how we'd act in public, regarding our impulse decision. Since yesterday Watson had barely touched me, save the hug I'd initiated, and I hadn't expected him to warm up to the idea so quickly. There was a tenderness in his gaze that made my skin tingle.
Such was my expectation when he shook my shoulder, forty-nine hours into our investigation of the wayward hatter. I was roused from a light sleep on the settee in the sitting room at Baker Street. A glance at the clock on the mantle told me it was just gone three in the morning.
There was a sharp rap on the outer door. They both turned to look, and Sherlock let out a noise of disappointment.
"No, Sherlock, they've just walked in the door five seconds ago."
"Sorry," he whispers, burying his face in the pillow. Muffled, I can still hear him say, "Oh, yes," as I begin to massage the muscle.
I had never been more sure in my life. "Yes."
Sherlock shouted a bit at first, trying intimidation on for size again, but as the
"I'll do it," John said. "
Sherlock was shaking hands with the sommelier and speaking to her in low, smooth French. John had taken a little French in school, and a basic understand was essential in the cooking world, but Sherlock’s French went well beyond that; he had studied in Paris, John remembered. He spoke with the ease of a native. John stepped up behind him to hear better, and heard his name at once as Sherlock indicated him.
It was an olive branch extended, so I took it. "Yes."
I am beginning to feel the same hesitation around the droid. It wants me to know it for who it thinks it is. I am beginning to suspect I will be able to. I will never have
"Excellent news," I said, sitting back. I'd forgotten that he'd still been at work while we had been carousing. I was usually long gone by the time the local force had their way with the culprit.
"You can come in here, you know," Sherlock said.
"Shall we go home?" Watson asked.
"Sherlock," John snapped, his stomach sinking. Harry's hands were indeed trembling, despite how tightly she clutched the lapels of her coat. "Go back into the kitchen. Right now."
I reached up to pinch his nipples, each one in turn, and his hand clenched tight in my hair. The muscles in his stomach tensed. My own cock surged in sympathy, my arousal tightening between my legs. He was fucking my mouth, and my mouth met the tight, soft curls of hair at the base of his cock on every stroke. My finger inside him rubbed his spot again and again, and in a moment I knew he would be at his crisis. My heart was pounding, my throat slick and my eyes wet with the effort. The volume of Holmes’s moans had increased, so much that in any other house I might worry. I didn’t often get to hear him cry out, even in our own home. It was music to my ears. I sucked harder, cherishing his vocalisation.
"That was about half the dish," Harry said, "so yeah, if you want to call it that, that was all I did."
to pick a fight about her, aren't you?"
"Sherlock,
"Pleasure."
Sherlock glared daggers, but Greg sent them right back.
"Anyone else?"
"I've committed everything to this bloody restaurant since the minute I met you!" John cried. "You know perfectly well that this is the best thing to happen to me since I got into cooking school! I take one night off— and I can't believe you'd think I'd hire a bartender just to ogle her! You claim to be able to read people, I hope to God you'd know me well enough by now to know I wouldn't try to get off with the staff."
I felt a sympathetic twinge in my own pelvis as he spilled, and a warmth in my chest as he gasped my name. I bent to kiss his forehead, holding him close as he shuddered; he tucked his face into my neck and I felt a dampness there. When he relaxed again, his eyelashes sparkled. I pretended not to notice.
"As you know, the first soft open is next week. The menu is ostensibly finished, although it may see some final alterations depending on the feedback that we get from guests. The chefs have all been working very hard to learn the dishes, so well done guys on picking up the new techniques. Thank you for your effort. I know Greg will be working with Sally, Philip, and the waiters to get everything sorted on the floor and with the tills and everything, and I'm looking forward to seeing what you can do with real customers in front of you. The first couple of days are going to feel insane, but remember that the soft open is for finding the kinks and working them out, so if something goes wrong please don't panic. We'll figure out a way to fix it, whatever it is.
"Three other times," he said. "Twice in college; once in University. Then work consumed me, and then I met you."
He reached around me for the wash basin. I could smell him: soap and clean linen and under it the warm scent of his body. He laid the hot, damp cloth upon the lower half of my face, and I closed my eyes. I listened to the delicate clink of the soap brush handle against the ceramic of the dish as he rubbed the soap cake into a lather. He put it down with a rattle, and then I heard him pick up the razor. He tested the edge with his thumbnail, as if he hadn't just shaved his own face, and then I heard him give it a few strokes along the sharpening strap. By then the heat had soaked into my skin, and when he removed the cloth I shivered at the kiss of the cool air.
He squeezed my biceps, rolling his head against my shoulder. The back of his chair dug into my chest, but one sacrifices comfort for a particular look of pleasure on the face of one's belovéd. I kissed his exposed throat, worrying the tender skin beneath his ear, at the same time working the length of his prick through my hand.
"I just want to try," I said. "We don't have to do it again if you don't like the result." I was pleading; I could hear it in my own voice.
We were in Pall Mall, so we ran north towards Oxford Street, getting ourselves intentionally lost in the warren of Soho. Holmes pulled me this way and that, through passageways and around corners, and finally we ducked into a doorway. Holmes pinned me there with his body. He looked over my shoulder, but all I could focus on was the hot length of his body and the heave of his chest against mine as he caught his breath. His hands were on my arms, holding me against the brick. All at once, I was dizzy with wanting.
"Sherlock, wait," John said, catching sight of the time. "I can't, tonight. I'll have to go in a minute if I'm going to catch the last train."
I had told Watson it was a marriage of convenience. Even on that very night, I had very nearly let him think it was his own pragmatical idea. I hadn't been honest, not even about the godforsaken rings. I squeezed my fingers together, feeling the hard press of the ring between them; I didn't want to take it off, not for anything. How could I have done this to myself? How could I live life letting him think it was a friendship made solid, and not my deepest desire come to life? How much a coward was I?
"Here's one," John said, his mouth full of toast. He pointed at the screen of his laptop as Sherlock leaned over to look. "'221 on Baker Street is a refreshing and innovative restaurant that combines the chemist's laboratory with the top London cuisine. Head Chef Sherlock Holmes remixes classic British dishes with skill and panache, delivering a deconstructed fish and chips over a series of courses that will make you rethink what the dish even means. Manager and fellow chef John Watson, a veteran of
I looked down at my palm. He hadn't let go of my hand for a long time, I thought. He'd just held it, there on the table, as if that were something we did.
Sherlock hesitated again, looking down into the water, and then he said, "Shit restaurants."
"Your work," he repeated.
"Goodness," Watson said, "no, not all the time." He laughed, embarrassed. "I was just thinking how lovely it feels to be freshly shaven and, and your cheek against mine, and then I began to imagine other things." He swallowed. "We don't have to. It's not an imperative. I don't want or need anything. You're splendid as you are, every bit of you."
Then I think, as he shudders and murmurs at the touch of my lips and tongue upon his delicate skin, that people
Sherlock had watched the entire season over again, to get a better sense of John.
Sherlock's mouth thinned into a line. "When were you going to spring this on me?" he asked. "How am I supposed to prepare for twenty dishes if I don't know what they are?"
"Really quite extraordinary," John said, eyeing the pot of soup and wondering if they could eat it all in noodle form. "Surely you've been told that before."
It’s terribly rude to interrupt a conversation by taking one participant by the arm and dragging them away, but I’m doing it anyway. Watson gives a manly yelp, his drink sloshing dangerously, but my grip on his bicep is inescapable. The man he was engaged with—married, house agent, cricket player, I don’t
"I do have a nephew, Craig."
Holmes shouted and his back arched, his body rippling around me. He scrabbled, palms skidding, and his hips jerked unexpectedly. He was gasping, trembling, making that very specific, shocked noise he makes.
John sat down in the chair.
Sherlock looked at the list, scrunched his nose in thought, and said, "Not yet."
"Simple enough. Is that a starter or a main?"
I sat up. "I just want to help."
"Once," said he. "In the war. When we were moving camps, and something happened to the supply. We were two days without fresh water, and some of the boys got sick drinking out of a ditch." He blinked. "They died."
I should be the only one allowed to touch his elbow like that; the only one to gaze into his eyes with such attention; the only one offering to refill his drink.
"I've watched you cook."
"I know how to fuck you," I mutter, rubbing his prick against my lips. "Have some faith."
before you hire any bartenders to go under her."
“On your left,” I said, stroking my thumbs along the slope of his arse. I honestly hadn’t had any amorous intentions when I walked in, but now I could think of nothing else. My prick had fattened up in my trousers and was now pressing in a friendly way against Holmes’s backside.
I offered him his shirt. "But I suppose we could both smoke less."
"I don't know, that's why I'm bloody asking! Is Sherlock right? Have you had a drink today?"
It is not a widely enough appreciated fact, I believe, that Sherlock Holmes has a tendency to giggle. He is a masterful man, able to demand the attention of a room full of Scotland Yard detectives, and on the scent of a case he can become almost inhuman in his focus and his intelligence. He processes information twice as fast as most people do, and sees meaning in every detail, and he takes his profession very seriously. Catch him off guard, though, with a particularly good witticism, or an affectionate admission, or a simple kiss on the neck, and he giggles like a schoolgirl. He does it unashamedly, too, his amusement all genuine, and so I strive to bring that giggle forth as often as I can.
HAPPY PRIDE MONTH, EVERYBODY. Get gay married.
"No, I didn't," John agreed. "Not a lot of depth to it."
Holmes's mouth was pinched tight with annoyance, or discomfort; I wasn't sure which. "Well, we have his gang. That will have to suffice for now."
“Watson!” I shouted, and then again, “Watson!”
Sherlock said, "You should stay here."
"It's worse on the back," John said, watching his face.
Mycroft shook his head. "Oh, Sherlock," he said.
The door opens and the overhead light comes on, startling me out of my agonised fantasy. The machine with my friend's face peers down at me.
Buttoning up the whites made Sherlock's nervousness recede to the back of his mind, where it belonged. To be fair to himself, he had never run his own opening night before, but he had had plenty of first days with which to prepare. He stood in front of the long mirror in his bedroom, contemplating the picture he made. Head Chef. It even said so on the front of his jacket. John had one too, with his name and the designation
Mike shrugged. "Probably not."
"So this is him," she sneered. "Bloody brilliant Sherlock Holmes, sweeping in with an offer of a new fucking restaurant just when things are seeming a bit dull. Do you know what he's like, John?"
"About that."
"I'll not be kept, Holmes." His voice shook.
"That's what I thought," said he. "Doctor Watson would certainly have forgiven you for being such a fool, you know."
Holmes grinned and lit his pipe. "The 'gruesome scene not fit for civilized eyes'?" he asked.
Will there be more chefs? I don't know. Never say never.
Then, I'm ashamed to say, my interest in the case waned. I had solved it, and perhaps it would be a blessing upon the regular force to let them figure out the details on their own. I could point them in the right direction and take my leave, allowing the glory to slip away. I had more pressing needs to consider. One of them: taking my irreverent partner home and rogering him over the back of the settee with my so-called enormous prick. It was probably not as severe a punishment as it seemed when I first considered it.
Sherlock was leaning against the centrifuge wearing his uniform shirt, his sleeves rolled up to his elbows and his collar undone. His apron had two purplish stains on it, where Sherlock would have wiped his hands. He was glaring—he stopped for a moment when John came in, but returned to the task with alacrity—at an equally tall, posh-looking man in a three-piece suit with a receding hair-line and an expression of profound annoyance on his face. His features echoed Sherlock's so strongly—same colouring, same high forehead, long, straight nose, and strong cheekbones—that they couldn't be anything but directly related.
"After your restaurant caught on fire as a result of your alcoholic sister's negligence, don't you think you should be more cautious about your investments?"
"They have to be perfect," Sherlock said. "Fine, give me the list of dishes you've chosen and I'll start the cooks to practicing them."
They sat in silence for a moment.
John accepted it, sliding onto the nearest bar stool. He lifted the glass to consider the liquor inside, then smelled it appreciatively, and took a sip. Sherlock drained his glass without a second glance.
"Where are you–? Holmes!"
Not much, I thought. Just a little reset and a rest. He’d be in fighting form in the morning– when morning really came, not this ante-morning that didn’t count in real time– if only he could sleep.
“All right,” I said, and bent to kiss him. His mouth looks sharp, like the rest of him, but in truth it is warm and soft, his lips gentle and his tongue eager. He sighed into my mouth and opened for me easily, as if relieved. I kissed him for a long few moments, relaxing into him, deciding how much and how vigorous he actually needed.
“You have quite ruined my observation,” he muttered into the worktop. “And my apron.”
"No? Okay." John stood up, determined not to absolutely wring Sherlock's neck. "I'll give them a buzz, ask them to come in tomorrow." He folded up the notes and tucked them in his pocket so Sherlock couldn't overrule him, and went to get his coat.
"I'm going to Lehman Street," he said. "Will you come?"
"We miss you," Mary said.
Then I did lick him, over my thumb, just the gentlest touch of my tongue against his skin. The muscles in his thighs tightened. I shifted my thumb aside and licked him again, and this time I was rewarded with a low moan.
He looked up at the ceiling, calculating, and then said, "Twenty… two years, I think."
I felt my whole face flush, and I put down the picture frame I had been dusting.
John's eyebrows went up in surprise. Beyond Mycroft, Sherlock was scowling deeply.
“I meant to stay out until dinner,” said he, taking off his coat and hanging it up, “but the waiter at Duncan’s spilled a coffee on me and I’ve come home to change my shirt.”
"And what about my business partner?" John demanded. "How could you know about the drinking?"
Eventually, somewhere between Northampton and Milton Keynes, Holmes folded up the paper, tossed it onto the still-unoccupied seat across from us, and put his head down upon my shoulder. He dozed like that until we re-entered the boundaries of the city, and I sat as still as I could lest he slip off or pull away. I didn't know what else to do.
"Not here," John protested, "Sherlock—" but Sherlock hooked his hands around the backs of John's thighs and lifted him to sit on the edge of the table. He kissed John into temporary acquiescence, pulling John's groin against his own, and John sank his fingers into Sherlock's hair and gave in. Sherlock rubbed their hips together, moaning into John's mouth.
He gasped, one hand coming down to land on the back of my head.
“Twenty thousand,” he says.
John narrowed his eyes, still smarting from the (admittedly accurate) jab at his sister, but took the spoon anyway. The blobs were slimy as they passed his lips, but they exploded as soon as they touched his tongue and he stared at the man in shock as the taste of pesto filled his mouth. The man's strange, half-hidden smile returned.
I thought about it. I wasn't feeling the usual itch of ennui that descended after a particularly engaging case. The last one had been satisfying: not too complicated, but with enough interest to hold my attention for several days. No, instead of becoming depressed that such things didn't happen all the time, I had become fixated upon this.
"Apologies," I said, seating myself across from him.
why one of them fit my hand so well: he'd never asked me to pretend to be married for a disguise, not to him or anyone else. It was very suspicious indeed.
altogether.
"Are you certain?"
"Holmes, please sit down."
"He's mental."
"It's gaudy," Sherlock said, rolling his eyes at the ceiling. "It's going to ruin the surprise when we do it for a dozen tables at once. No—" as John opened his mouth to protest, "people
"I'm sorry," I said. "I didn't know how to tell you."
Sherlock scoffed. "You should invite Harry and Clara back again."
"Why did you come here tonight?"
"No," Sherlock said. "I've got that all sorted. Deconstructed caprese salad: balsamic caviar, olive oil suspension, mozzarella foam, and tomato-basil spaghetti."
"That's horrible."
"You kicking me out?"
I frowned. "Anywhere else?"
"We'll put benches along the wall, there," Sherlock said, "and at least three little two-cover tables in the window. The bar will go under the stairs, all along there, up to that service window in the back."
"Anyway, what are you doing here? I told you not to come in."
I ought to have thrown the books away, but I couldn’t bear the idea of Mrs Hudson finding them in the rubbish. I could have burned them, but I wasn’t ashamed of them. I hadn’t bought them for myself anyway. Back at Baker Street, they sat on the corner of my desk for an hour while I worked on something else. I turned them face-down when Mrs H came up to bring me a telegram.
"Something like that," John said, thumping his heels against the cupboard. Sherlock was looking particularly delectable, even in his unkempt, slightly mad state. Actually, especially when he was a little mad. John had been hooked from the first minute of shaky mobile phone video; the sight of Sherlock verbally tearing a manager apart had been like catnip. He shouldn't be doing that here, and John was glad he hadn't had to experience it directly, but Sherlock in a snit was a tiny bit sexy. "Just want to see how you all are doing," John said. "How everyone's getting along? It looks like it's going well, eh?"
"It's not sweet," Sherlock said, pointing a finger at John, "and I'll thank you to never suggest that again. Nothing he does is sweet, or endearing, or generous in any way. He is self-serving and meddlesome to the end."
John stared at him. "That's all?"
"I just did," John said. He folded his collar down and zipped up. When he turned, Sherlock was right there in front of him, glowering. John looked up into his face, determined not to get distracted by the depth of his stained-glass eyes. "Any objections to my decisions?"
Watson snorted. "Professor Dalinger is almost certainly with his mistress, if this bears any resemblance to the Mitchell-Warren case from two years ago."
"I just slept about twelve hours," Sherlock said, fetching a pot out of the lower cupboard. "I'm capable of practically anything right now."
"Is that one mine?" He picked up the other, and it fit.
I had two fingers in him now, crooked slightly to tug at his inner walls. I rolled my thumb back and forth across the head of his clitoris, and then worked it in a circle until he gasped. My mouth was full of his sensitive left nipple, and at a hint of teeth he would whine and shudder. The tension in his body was rising; I could feel it in the aborted thrusts of his hips and the tightness of his fist in my hair. His other hand squeezed his right breast roughly; the one I couldn't reach. I rocked my hips, pushing my cock against the side of his hip, leaving a wet smear on his skin.
Sherlock shrugged. "I've done a lot of things before."
So is he. Damn him, he’s laughing at me. He’s shaking with suppressed laughter, and it bubbles out of him in a great guffaw as I look on in astonishment and fury.
John pointed a finger in his face. "You are
"Watson," I said, putting the glass down again.
Sherlock's lower lip stuck out. "You're the one staring," he said.
“This one’s sloppy,” Sherlock said, pointing at a basil noodle. “Whose is that? They haven’t followed the directions at all.”
"Understatement of the year, I'm sure," Mary said.
"Charmed," Watson said, shaking their hands.
, John." He pouts at me. His fingers in my hair are gentle, coaxing. "I'm not asking to you to put me on my stomach and fuck me through the mattress--" The image, and the frankness with which it is delivered, makes my blood pressure spike-- "I just want…" He bites his lip. "I promise I'll be quiet."
Holmes said, "Goodnight, my dear. We can discuss it in the morning."
John muttered, "Christ, Sherlock," pushing both hands into his hair, and Sherlock moaned. His other hand, temporarily unoccupied, gripped John's thigh again. John felt him sink lower on the floor, knees apart, and wondered if he could rub himself off against the pressure of his own trousers. The thought made him weak, knees trembling, but he hoped to God Sherlock would hold off long enough for John to get a hand on him.
"So, John," Sherlock said, leaning in and fixing his eyes on John again, "what'll it be? Are you interested?"
"Not when it comes to you," I sigh.
"Anyway," John said, "how's Marie?"
I almost slept. Finally, as the water began to feel cool, he stirred and murmured, "Holmes."
“Hmm,” said I, kissing him again and tugging his hips away from the edge of the worktop, “you are indeed engaged in observation. If I disturb you, I shall certainly cease at once.”
John nuzzled into his hair, breathing in the salt-and-smoke smell of him. Sherlock panted, clinging to John. His prick softened slowly in John's sticky hand, and if they weren't careful they were going to end up glued together in unpleasant ways.
"Put your finger in me," he said, reaching down to grasp my wrist, "I don’t care about the jelly, just–"
"You don't know—"
was the one coming today?" Sherlock demanded. The acidic emphasis he put on Moriarty's name could have burned a hole through the desk.
He was in the pub downstairs, eating a sandwich and reading a broadsheet. I fully intended to walk up to him, purr, "Hello, husband," and kiss him then and there in front of everyone.
His smile was a little wan. "I'm sure I don't know," he lied.
We were silent, lying on our backs in the bed staring at our upraised hands. Privately, feeling a little sick to my stomach, I thought the ring suited Holmes's long, pale fingers beautifully.
at all, you're welcome to do as you like, but I just… in case there was something…."
"You were right in every particular, Mr Holmes," D'Arcy went on, "save one."
John took them in: Greg was wearing a nice jacket and tie, and Molly looked entirely transformed out of her cooking whites: she wore a black, glittering dress that just reached her knees and was wobbling atop her sky-high silver heels. “They’re on a date,” he said.
The new place, Sotto Voce, advertised gourmet Italian pizza and pastas, and there was music playing from speakers outside the door to entice people in. The whole front was white, drawing attention to the newness of the place, and there were diners seated with their backs to the window on a bench seat. Inside, John could see the clean, bright counters and the young, athletic-looking wait-staff. He clenched his hand into a fist, feeling his shoulder twinge.
A hum rises from somewhere inside him, and the warmth returns all over. He stirs and blinks open heavy eyes. When he sees my face, he comes to full alertness. "Sherlock? What's wrong?"
He worked me through the sensations, kissing my face and wringing a few more spasms of pleasure out of me with his clever hand. His body was warm and firm against mine; his voice in my ear carried me through. When I finally could open my eyes again, he was smiling down at me.
"Right," John said. "So what are this lot going to do in the meantime? Good morning, everyone, by the way."
Half his attention was, genuinely, still on the bread. I could detect no obvious change in it from moment to moment, but of course he has always been more observant than I. He loves details and trifles. And I love to distract him.
Holmes grinned and kissed me again, stroking me hard and fast now, the way I liked it. I clung to him desperately, unable to stifle my own noises of pleasure. Soon I couldn’t kiss back, and only breathed open-mouthed against his lips. Holmes was smiling. He murmured encouragement, soft praise and appreciation that served to bring about my orgasm accompanied by a flood of emotion. I found tears pricking the corners of my eyes, even as I spilled over Holmes’s fist and shook in his arms.
He was plucking at the back of my nightshirt, trying to pull it up over my head. "Take this off," he demanded. "I want to feel you."
John reached the service station and sagged, sliding down the wall to sit with his knees up to his chest and his head tucked between them. He covered his head with his arms and breathed slow, measured breaths, feeling his pulse beating crazily in his face and hands. His left arm tingled, ached, his shoulder burned. He squeezed his hand into a fist and relaxed it again, over and over, like Ella said.
?" he demanded. "Do they need to go and
The first applications for cooks at 221 came in within half an hour of John posting the job listing online. He hadn't attached his or Sherlock's name to the description, but he'd hinted at high pressure situations, a need for flexibility, and the possibility for some renown. Some of the applicants had figured out who was behind the posting anyway; it seemed people had been paying attention to where Sherlock Holmes was going next.
"Either way, I have to disagree."
"I don't know," John said honestly. "We've barely spoken since the— since the fire. She checked herself into a place in Kent and was there for six months. They recommended she stay the rest of the year and she refused. She moved back in with Clara, her— partner, I guess— and Clara's been keeping the family up to date but…"
I started to laugh again. “It’s nearly eleven!”
When I opened my eyes, he was smiling at me in the mirror. He had a towel draped over his shoulder and there was shaving cream on the left side of his face. His straight razor was held aloft.
I frowned. "Who?"
"It'll do," John echoed, laughing. "I dare you
"Have you picked our new hires?" he asked, clearing his throat.
"Fine, but in your state you're not fit to be supervising alone." John had been in the flat upstairs, working fruitlessly on the website, with the muffled sounds of the kitchen coming through the ductwork. He'd been a little jealous that Sherlock got to be down in the middle of it. Now he could really enjoy it, and for a good cause, too.
We caught a cab home at Aldgate, and all the way Holmes sat uncomfortably upright, not slouching into the corner as was his wont. I wanted to ask if his laces were too tight, as I suspected they were, but the two-wheeler was still too public a place to have such a conversation, even at a whisper. I kept my mouth shut, though I ached to ease his discomfort.
"We're going to go over the menu," Sherlock said, sweeping past him in his magnificent coat and climbing into the cab.
"Thank you." John rolled his eyes at Sarah, who stifled a smile. "The price of genius is manners, apparently," he said. "You okay out here?"
"Mm," Sherlock confirmed. His heart was pounding, his breathing coming short. John did it again, agonisingly slowly, and Sherlock groaned deeply. "Another," he demanded, and it came out shakier than he would have liked.
I went downstairs to the kitchen, where I knew there was ice in the ice box. Mrs Hudson wouldn't mind if I chipped a little off for Holmes's sake. I wet a towel in the meantime and put it on top of the ice block while I tried to pry off a piece with a knife.
"I care about you," I said firmly.
We had a first-class carriage to ourselves on the way home, but rather than sit across from me as he usually did, Holmes sat beside me. He made no mention of this change in behavior, nor did he seem self-conscious about it at all. He simply settled in, his elbow and thigh against mine, and read the afternoon paper he'd picked up in the station. As we rattled along in relative silence, these points of contact between us made it impossible for me to focus on the book I'd packed in my valise. I put it away and took up staring out the window instead, watching the landscape rumble by.
When first Holmes and I began our affair, he was exceedingly hesitant to give me full rein of his body. He feared perhaps that I would be shocked  to learn what he hid beneath his carefully tailored suits and affected disinterest. But I did not waste my time at the University of London, and I like to think my degree in medicine was still relevant when it came to him. I recognised what he was, who he was, and the first time we lay together I touched him without hesitation. It took half a year for me to coax an orgasm from his reluctant body, but every attempt was worth the practice. Now he gave himself over to me entirely, gasping and squirming, whispering direction, letting me bring him all the pleasure I could. I worshipped him from top to toe, for his magnificent brain and his given body and his gentle, generous spirit.
"We were both there for the interview, as it happens," John said.
I would have to pick up the pace, if I were going to give him his due properly without becoming selfish. I let go of his prick and tugged his nightshirt up to bare it, letting the fabric bunch around his midsection. He sagged in his chair, knees wide, cock jutting up from between his thighs. His self-control last night would help me in my endeavours; he was already ruddy and leaking. I kissed his temple and took him in hand once more, easing his hood down and up again. His heels slid on the carpet.
I nudged him toward the bed, and we undressed ourselves as we went, until we were down to the skin. The room was chilly with no fire in the grate, so Holmes and I climbed quickly under the quilts and embraced, limbs entwined and cocks bumping together.
"Morning," John said. "Thanks for the shirt."
here to taste wine. Maybe they’ll have some input.”
John looked down at himself. He'd actually thought this outfit through: clean jeans, a camel-coloured cardigan over a checkered button-down, and his good leather boots. "Yes," he replied, meeting Sherlock's eye and daring him to make a fuss about it.
"You don't even know where—" I protest, but I'm already moving. I clamber into the other seat and let the machine take my place in the driver's seat.
"You've got a fan, there," John said to Sherlock, a few minutes later, pointing Hopkins out. Sherlock raised an eyebrow, intrigued. "He thinks you're a genius."
Watson and I looked at one another in surprise, and then he reached across Lestrade and slipped his warm hand into mine. "Who indeed?" he asked, gazing into my eyes.
The first twenty minutes were anticlimactic. At twenty past, on the dot, Mycroft walked in with his assistant, and John came back into the kitchen to report that they had been followed shortly by a
"You don't mind the smell of strong tobacco, I hope?"
I rubbed my hand across my face. “Lestrade, you know–”
"Right," Sherlock said, manoeuvring John out of the water once more and washing his hands. He made John face the wall, keeping one broad hand on his back, and John heard him open another bottle. John turned.
"No," the man said, the corner of his mouth quirking up, "but it's obvious, isn't it? I make an offhand mention about the difficulty of finding an amenable, intelligent partner in a business like this, and he turns up the same afternoon with an out-of-work ex-television-star chef with dreams of getting back into the game. I know who you are, and I must say I'm actually rather impressed."
John squeezed his left hand into a fist. "I know." His arm was still trembling, the skin tingling and the muscles overtired. His grip was weak. "I'm trying," he said. "I can't stay long." He smelled smoke. "Something's on fire."
Simpson arrived and was affixed securely, but not cruelly, to the chair.
He licks his lips, considering, and begins to smile as he hands me the jar of salve and climbs aboard. His cock hangs in my face, and I wait until he's settled on his elbows, a pillow bunched under his head. Then I lick his cock, working my tongue around his slippery head. At the same time, I fumble the jar open and slick two fingers.
So we
"I'm still grieving," John said, as if it were a joke, but it wasn't.
“There was more to him than what he wrote down, regardless of how incorrigible a diarist he was.” I say, sullen. “Go away. Leave me alone. Don’t come back.”
"I realise that," Sherlock said, "but the minute he's under the care of a trained medical professional, I need you on the line."
"I'm guessing you've done that before."
"You--" I started, but I was already blushing. I whispered, "You wicked man," and turned my back on him.
I could feel him nearing his crisis; he was vocalizing on every exhale, and his body was beginning to shake. Then he pulled hard on my hair and his prick came out of my mouth with a slick pop.
"Hopkins!" Sherlock shouted. "Why've you left a mess at your station?"
Holmes ran his hands through my hair. “I'm sure I could find something,” said he, smiling broadly. “I wouldn't waste your energy for the world.”
"We're almost done," Greg said, giving John's shoulder a hearty thump. "Soldier on, John."
"Well, I'm your husband, not your wife, so the superstition is meaningless. Furthermore, it wasn't even the doorway to our home."
"Yes, please," said I.
I turned on the seat to be able to look at him properly. He cupped my face. I covered his hand with mine. "How do we go about it?"
Holmes woke me with a hand on my shoulder. It was dawn, and it was obvious he hadn't slept: his face was pale and the pillow beside mine was untouched.
He took a scenic route through Soho Square on the way to Tottenham Court Road, rather than brave the Oxford Street shoppers again. He was halfway across, going around the pagoda, when he heard his name. He turned, surprised, looking around in confusion, when Mike Stamford, of all people, popped up in front of him.
, I thought, and almost laughed.
"Harry," John said, still reeling.
"What?" She thinks I'm a vagrant. "No, no, I'm— I'm all right. I was just… visiting an old friend." Even these people with all their miracles of science probably will not want to hear where I've come from, or that this long-dead man used to share my home and my bed. I struggle to my feet, but I cannot bring myself to simply leave my dear heart behind. I rest my fingertips upon the stone and try to wish him the fondest farewell I can manage. I can visit again, I reassure myself. If I want to come back and see him, I can.
"Apparently."
Holmes frowned. "Perhaps, but why wasn't Blakeley there? They were going to be moving an enormous quantity of goods from the storehouse to the ship. Why wasn't he there to supervise at the very least?"
"It's ten in the morning!" Watson protested.
Sherlock tipped his chin up, defiant. "Ambition is everything."
"No," he said, grinning. He dipped the cloth into the water again.
"Yes, Chef."
"He needs you," Sarah said. She tucked a lock of hair behind her ear and rested her elbows on the bar across from John. "He's a genius, that's for certain, but he needs someone like you to keep him grounded, keep him on track. Otherwise he'd spent his whole time dreaming up things that
I snort at the thought and have to pull away from his prick to laugh into his thigh.
He says, “Oh, for God’s sake,” but his hand is in my hair. I cup him through his trousers and find him eager enough to work with; he twitches beneath my palm. He is blushing, too, and still holding his drink. He realizes it, blinks, and then finishes the brandy.
Sherlock scrubbed a hand through his curls. "No!" he said. "I just—"
“I am also interested,” he said, “in the difference in rising time. I have it written down… bugger, where is my notebook?”
"Holmes."
"You're overwrought," he says. "You need to sleep. We can recommence this… any time."
"It will suffice," he said. "It's clean enough."
halls—learning to cook properly.
The machine moves suddenly, as if awoken from a dream, and turns away from the water. I don't meet its unnatural, uncomfortably familiar gaze as I trudge back up toward the cliff. It doesn't say anything as we climb the long staircase, but I can hear the metallic whir of its joints. Is it powered by combustion? Electricity? It has no tubes or cords; its body is entirely self-contained. It moves like a human, but nothing can disguise its gleaming exterior or its bone-crushing strength.
I wake in the night, disoriented. Light from the streets shines in stripes across the bed. Something is wrong. I listen hard, but the sounds of the city are distant. The house is silent. It wasn't a noise that awoke me; then, what?
Sarah laughed and flicked her towel at him as he walked away. John winked. As he turned around, he came up short against Sherlock's chest. He swallowed hard, stepped back, and looked up into Sherlock's face. Sherlock looked strangely displeased.
“Yes,” I said, “but I’ll have to change my shirt.”
"I think we're going to go," Greg said. He was arm in arm with Molly, and she was shivering. "That was fun, though, wasn't it?"
"You sent me a text
"Drive ahead of me. I don't want to speak to you."
He let go of my hair for a moment to grab my hand and guide it beneath his nightshirt. I pushed it up as far as it would go, though the fabric was trapped beneath his arse, and rubbed my palm roughly up the plane of his ribs. My fingers found his nipple and pinched hard; he bit back a cry, his back bowing. I fondled him and rolled him between my fingers as I sucked, trying to coordinate the sensations. My other hand moved easily up and down his shaft, meeting my lips on every stroke. His breathing was harsh, and if I looked up I knew I would meet his gaze. He always watched until he was on the verge, and only as his orgasm swept through him would he allow his eyes to close.
We pulled up at a warehouse that was swarming with police, and Holmes at once started in on scolding Lestrade for allowing the place to be trampled by so many boots. He didn't wait for a rejoinder and was out of the cab the moment it stopped. The Inspector and I followed at a respectful distance as Holmes hurried up and down the muddy gravel yard, looking for information and muttering to himself.
I went for a walk, ate supper alone while reading the evening news, and went to bed early. Only a very little anxiety chewed at me: a natural consequence of caring for a man who deliberately got himself into trouble for the sake of other people. Nevertheless, I slept.
Sherlock made a vague noise of agreement as they went through the gateway.
He laughed, gathering my unoccupied hand in his and twining our fingers together. He pressed a kiss to the back of my knuckles. "Nonsense," he said, "I don't expect a guarantee out of you, only a promise that you'll be at my side for each of them, whether they be abstruse or commonplace.
A university professor had gone missing, and the only clues were a wine glass and a smear of blood on his writing desk. The regular force had visited the scene, interviewed the wife, harangued the servants, and no doubt trampled on all the visible exterior clues, but I agreed to attend. Watson, naturally, came with me.
It knows how to maneuver the car; with a gentle pull on the steering column it lifts the car into the air, and we leave Baker Street behind in the dark.
He laughed. "Holmes, don't be ridiculous. I only follow along behind you, in wide-eyed wonder at your magnificence, scribbling as fast as I can."
"Near Birmingham."
“I love you,” I manage, disgracefully emotional all of a sudden. “It isn’t fair I can’t—” As I turn my face away to hide my reaction, he kisses my cheek, his lips soft and warm.
"Drink?" he asked, gesturing toward his bar cupboard.
I took a deep breath. Fighting him now would accomplish nothing. "Very well," I said. "Come to bed when you've worked it out."
"If you're going to be so bloody noisy," I say finally, "we're going to have to start waiting until we get home."
“Oh for God’s sake,” Sherlock huffed behind him.
I hummed. He was warm and solid beside me, and the pressure of his hand on my biceps shifted minutely as we walked. His walking stick tapped on the ground. We came upon a bench, and although we'd only been walking a few minutes, I said, "Will you sit with me?"
Sherlock didn't give him a chance to voice this desire, however, as he backed John across the room and pinned him against the wall. He ate at John's mouth, licking and nipping, his hands roving over John's body. He pushed John's jumper up and dragged John's shirt out of his jeans, his palms warm and demanding on John's skin. John felt the heavy throb of blood between his legs and spread them instinctively. Sherlock shoved a thigh into the space immediately, grinding his hip against John's groin and pushing John up on his toes again. Their teeth clicked together, and Sherlock pulled back to stare into John's face.
Everything changes after the incident in the Underground tunnels. The train car we have absconded with runs wild, crashes through a brick wall, and slides straight into the Thames. Lestrade and I escape as the car goes down, but the droid’s weight pulls it under the surface in an instant.
His knees parted further and he said softly, “Yes, I suppose,” turning his head. I kissed him slowly, deepening the kiss in increments, until his mouth was wide and his breathing heavy through his nose. He tasted of coffee and his morning pipe. As I chased the flavor of it, I worried his nipple through his nightshirt and dropped my other hand to his lap, where his prick was just starting to take an interest. The soft bulk of his groin filled my hand, and I felt him swell. I was bent well over his shoulder, cradling his head in the crook of my elbow. I wouldn't be able to maintain this particular arrangement for long, but for now it would do.
I smiled and began to move my finger, at the same time opening my mouth to take the head of his cock in. He was slick and salty against my tongue. I groaned at the way he filled my mouth. It was growing warm beneath the blankets, and my cock hung heavy between my thighs.
The vicar Reverend Frederick Jennings was in the nave when we entered, and he greeted us with surprise.
"When were you going to give me this coat?" John asked. He was still wearing it, and he didn't quite want to take it off, even though he'd just worked most of a dinner shift and knew the coat needed to be laundered immediately. He could smell his own sweat under the food aromas that permeated the fabric.
"Intolerably," I said, taking it away. I put it behind the memorial instead of leaving it lying in front, and he giggled again.
I caught my breath again in between his gentle kisses, smoothing my hands up and down his long back, disarranging his already rumpled nightclothes. When I had recovered myself, he pulled away and moved to clean off his hand with the hem of my nightshirt.
“Wh—“ he starts, but I have him by the arm again and I am pulling him into the lavatory. “Holmes, no.”
John shuddered. "Yeah, okay." Sherlock's finger sank deeper, and then John's whole body spasmed at the first brush against his prostate. It had been, he was willing to admit, a very long time since he'd had anything inside him like that, and he was almost too sensitive. "Shit, oh."
“John.”
"I want to make you come," Sherlock said, low and earnest in his ear.
"How'd you know where it was?"
I opened my eyes. He gazed back, his eyes glassy with desire.
John wasn't sure if he was joking. "All right," he said, "we can talk about it later." He looked around the kitchen, trying to remember if there were something else they were supposed to be doing.
“Let’s go home before anyone tries to use this lavatory.”
Holmes gagged again and put his head down once more, pushing his face into the pillows.
John went in to join him and and accepted the proffered pan. "Sherlock," he said, feeling the warmth of Sherlock's body so close to his own. Sherlock's elbow bumped his. There wasn't enough room for both of them to stand there; it had been a ludicrous suggestion. Sherlock was a skilled enough chef that he didn't need help cooking bacon while simultaneously poaching eggs. He could have done both while still asleep.
right," John said, "You should go get some rest."
We couldn't do that again, I thought, turning over in the bed. We were getting too old. I was lucky we both weren't in a ditch somewhere. Then I picked up my arm off my face and stared at the ring on my finger. We'd done something rather more outrageous than fall in a ditch.
Then he murmured, "May I?" again and I ground out my agreement as he untied the fly on my drawers. My cock sprang out to meet his hand, and he ducked his head to run his tongue around my nipple as he began to stroke me. The sensation zinged through me, as if the two were directly connected, and I found myself spreading my legs wide to give him access. He stroked me slowly at first as he kissed my chest, and then as I began to squirm he sped his hand up. He was reading my reactions to the touch of his hand the same way he read my thoughts from my face, and the thought made me hot all over.
Holmes pulled back, licking his lips, and stared at me for a moment. To be the centre of that intensely focused attention had always been flattering, and was even more so now when it was inclined to amorousness. I tucked my nose in under his ear, breathing him in deeply. He smelled of pomade and warm skin, lavender soap and tobacco. He pressed his cheek against my temple. Then he tipped my head up with his thumbs and the slope of his nose, and applied himself to the inch or two of bare throat that could be reached above my collar. He bit me over my pulse, just digging his teeth in, and dragged his lips over that spot as I trembled. I heard myself make a noise, and made it again, knowing how he liked the sound. I was rewarded with a low growl, and Holmes's mouth back on my own. I tasted brandy and tobacco; home. I held him closer, bit his lower lip, and could feel the growing press of his erection against my thighs. I put my glass aside.
a coward, his hand was steady, and Sherlock needed him. Fuck it.
“The whole point of this restaurant is the art of creating the food,” Sherlock protested. “I can’t work in corners, John!”
“John!” I said. I was breathless, and I knew my face was red. “You’re back!”
"Sir George," he agreed.
"I'll need to call the farms and get my orders advanced," John said.
“Knows you’re mine.” My orgasm is barreling down on me. I’m up on my toes, tensing with everything I have, trying to stave it off. He smears his mouth along my jaw and kisses me again, licking into my mouth and biting at my lips.
"Thank you," John gasped.
"John Watson!" Mike said, reaching out and giving John's hand a friendly shake that made John's teeth rattle. "How the hell are you?"
"Apparently not."
"No, it's wonderful," Sherlock said, reaching out with one long arm and patting John's calf. "Chocolate and foie are
," Sherlock said. "We were at Ferrandi together, and now I'm a Head Chef and he's a restaurant reviewer. Even
"And what do you do now?" John asked, scanning her professional references.
as well, even if he did take up with Sherlock's mad restaurant idea. Sure, his flat was small and rubbish, and the kitchen could hardly be called a kitchen, and if he wanted to he could take a shower while sitting on the toilet, and the whole place smelled like mould… John had lost the thread of his argument with himself. The water boiled.
* * *
Peterson went silent, but Holmes had his answer as good as confirmed. He let Peterson be taken away again, and plucked his jacket out of my arms.
Holmes broke the kiss abruptly and said, "Let's go home."
"Are you warm in here?" I asked, and then without waiting for an answer, "Let's go outside."
John joined her, taking a bigger gulp than he should have. His eyes watered. When he swallowed, Mary was looking at him with her head tilted to one side; her earrings glittered in the light. He'd seen them catch the light that way a hundred times, but it all felt very far away. They weren't going back to work together in the morning. They would never work together again. Fifth Northumberland was behind him and so was everything that had gone with it.
No, he thought, getting into the shower. That was ridiculous. He didn't want to live where he worked, especially after the fire, and he shouldn't even consider sharing close space with Sherlock. Not after— well, everything they'd done last night, and everything they'd told each other this morning. That was shit, too, John decided. He'd been lying, and Sherlock had probably been lying, but John could only know for sure about one of them. If Sherlock wanted to prioritise the restaurant, John would respect that, as long as Sherlock's jealous streak had been satisfied. John wasn't going to stray.
"All right," John said, dislodging Sherlock's grip but brushing his fingers down Sherlock's arm as he went, so it wasn't a complete dismissal. "Can we— Not now? It doesn't matter."
John got in after him, and had to sit in the rear-facing seat to accommodate Sherlock's whims. “Some people have recipes digitised," he said as they pulled away from the restaurant.
"I'll daresay you did," she muttered, gathering up the wet towels and putting them into the basket. "I'll send up a few more towels so you can mop up the rest."
Sherlock appeared in the kitchen doorway with the contractor right behind him, drawn by the commotion. John would have ignored them and let Harry take out her anger on him alone, but she wheeled around and caught Sherlock in her sights.
"It seems to be coming together, Sherlock."
"For a chef," Sherlock said, "you have a decidedly unsophisticated palate."
the most logical solution.
John yelped and yanked Sherlock back by his hair. Sherlock gasped, pushing his cock against John's hip.
Watson lathered the soap again while we waited. My prick twitched, filling and thickening under the weight of his gaze. His own drawers were tented. He removed the towel and began to apply the lathered brush to my groin, painting me with thick shaving soap.
It is the only logical solution.
"Can we rely on that?"
"Good heavens," said he, taking one. "How do you do that?"
"Is that how you'd… like me to be?"
John left them where they lay and turned away from the kitchenette. He crossed the few steps to the bed and put both hands over his face. He was fucking useless. His hand would never be the same. He'd never be able to cook the way he used to. His career as a chef, as the one actually making the food, was over. Management was the next logical step. Wasn't it? Was it what he wanted? What were his other options? Sit around in this crappy flat and stare at the brick wall? Wait until Harry had quit the booze—for good this time—and carry on with her? He couldn't strike out on his own. Sherlock Holmes was his best bet.
kissed after the ceremony. "Worry about what?" I demanded.
John made a note. "Fair enough."
"What's unacceptable," Sherlock said, raking a hand through his hair and waving a filleting knife at John, "is how you seem to think that two sous-chefs and two line cooks is going to be enough to staff this kitchen at the peak of dinner service."
"I have a lot to catch up on."
"All right, there?" John asked. Bloody cheeky. Sherlock nodded. John's hands shifted, pulling apart Sherlock's arse cheeks as he worked his hips, grinding deep into him. Sherlock could see the sensations as they played out across John's face, and John wasn't hiding any of it. It was beautifully intimate, and Sherlock's heart felt like it would escape from his chest. Every movement of John's prick inside him sent shocks of pleasure through him. He lifted himself, giving John more room, and John grunted in approval. His cock stabbed deeper with every thrust; he was starting to pick up speed. Sherlock moved to meet him, rocking on his knees, his cock bouncing in the air between them.
“You don’t feel cold, do you?”
Watson came, and we walked out of the precinct together. Lestrade was nowhere to be found, and I wasn't going to go looking for him to thank him just now. That could wait.
She blushed right up to her hairline and hurried back to her station. "Yes, Chef! Thank you, Chef."
. I hesitated over that one, wondering if Watson would find it amusing.
"Come on, love," he murmurs, biting at my lower lip and pumping my cock through his hot fingers.
"So," Mary said carefully, turning her wine glass between her fingers, "how's Harry?"
"Are you fucking joking?" Sherlock demanded, three hours later. "Anderson won't work with me!"
It was a brief kiss, and not very elegantly done. I wasn't in a state to react quickly, and it was over almost before I had realized what happened. He laughed, delighted with himself, and embraced me again. His arms were warm and strong, and the sensation of his body against mine– the press of his chest, the dig of his chin into my shoulder– was delightful.
I felt my face heat. What might Hopkins think if I admitted it had been my idea all along? If any of them knew I'd been the one quietly hoping for years for an opportunity to tell Watson what I really thought of him? It was shocking to think they'd just been waiting for this to happen. These men, who only a few years ago would have gleefully raided a bath house, or ruined a peer for his proclivities. I wondered how many among them planned to be in my shoes someday: married to their oldest friend.
“John.”
He walked out without waiting for Sherlock's response. The walk to the Tube station was bleak and cold, and the station itself was packed. Saturday morning wasn't a commuter morning, but the temperature forced every pedestrian on the street into the sanctuary of the Underground, and so John rode home to his flat in an unnaturally full carriage.
"Unimaginative."
. Those unpredictable hours are running you ragged. You barely see your wife, who, by the way, isn't taking it as hard as you thought— or she's taking it
Sherlock snorted derisively.
"It's disgusting. I'm going to have him fired." Sherlock raked his hands through his hair, encouraging chaos in a halo around his head.
"You could have texted."
"What," he demands, breathless. "John, what?"
“John, really.”
They had yet to agree on a style of decor, and for ten minutes argued comfortably about it over Sherlock's laptop.
"Come here," he said, pulling on my shoulders so that I would rise up and cover him with my body. My cock slid in the mess I had made of the apex of his thighs. Holmes wrapped his arms and legs around me, pressing his face into my neck, and I held him as he caught his breath.
. I'm going to call them and tell them what he's done."
He was in his new bed, the one upstairs at 221B. Sherlock hadn't been anything near tired when John was ready to sleep, so he'd gone up and crawled between his own sheets alone. He still needed to give notice on his bedsit in Bermondsey, but a few of his belongings had started to make their way over.
I kiss his tip, finding a grip on his prick as I settle between his legs. I'm curled up at the bottom of the bed, hunched over myself, one elbow braced on the bed my his hip. It's not comfortable, but it's worth it for the high-pitched whine that escapes Holmes when I run my tongue around his glans.
"Talk to me," I beg.
“Knows what?”
He went off, and Watson let go of my hand. I missed it at once. He began tearing the article about us out of the broadsheet, muttering about just keeping it for posterity. Then he checked his watch. Mine was still stopped, I realized. I didn't feel like rewinding it just yet.
Sherlock put a steaming mug down beside him and sat in the other chair, holding his own mug with the tips of his fingers and letting the steam drift into his face. He took a sip, his eyes fixed on John. John looked back.
As soon as Richardson turned away to confer with a constable, I whispered to Holmes, "How are you?"
"What would you like?" I asked, caressing the length of his thigh and dancing my fingers towards the apex of his legs.
The cab dropped them on Upper Thames Street at six, just beyond the pedestrian bridge. Sherlock reached out to usher John along, steering him toward the iron-gated door in the middle of the huge sandstone building.
chef, the one who wanted to be out of the light of the rogue cameraphone and just allowed to
He shrugged one shoulder. "If you like."
"They're boring."
Blowing out a long breath through his nose, John nodded. "Er, okay. We can make that happen. I think we can make that happen. We need to hire wait staff, and get our website up and running— God, I should get someone just to do that for us, I don't understand that OpenTable thing."
"Not at all," I replied, kissing his cheeks and neck and mouth once more. "You know I don’t mind waiting."
"I need to hire you some staff," John sighed, mentally adding it to his list.
"I think the scandal was more complicated than that," Watson said, "but I take your point. I'm just being facetious."
Reviews for 221 started appearing the next day. After John called Paul to check up on him and confirm that he was out for at least a week—and to assure him he wasn't going to lose his job for it, that John would fill in until he could handle a knife again—Sherlock and John spent the morning in bed rifling through newspapers and review sites, looking for the best ones. Sherlock had admitted with a carefully cultivated air of nonchalance that he wanted to frame and hang them in the dining room downstairs.
"Neat job," the EMT said to John. To Paul, he said, "Come on, lad, can you stand?"
“What’s wrong?” I asked, sitting up. “Have you had any word?”
He bared his teeth at me, the tendons in his neck standing out, but he didn’t have an answer for me.
"Sorry," he gasps. I feel a rush of cold air as he pulls the blankets down off his head.
Watson is known here, but so am I, and we are given a wide berth. Watson’s fruitless pulling grows first stronger and then resigned as I drag him through the smoking room, the billiards room, and out into the hall where the grand staircase coils upon itself.
He sighed, blinked rapidly, and rolled off to the side again. I thought for a moment he was going away, but instead he pressed up against me and passed a hand down my front, stopping just shy of the fly on my drawers.
Sherlock let go of John's thighs to push one hand up under his jumper and shirt again, and with the other worked to unfasten John's belt. His fingers were quick and deft, warm against John's skin, and soon he had the belt jangling loose and John's button and zip undone. John's cock strained against his pants, making it difficult for Sherlock to get his hand inside, but Sherlock persevered. He mouthed at the softness of John's belly, biting gently below John's navel, while he wrestled with John's pants. John should be helping him, he thought—maybe push off the wall and loosen his jeans, or push them down altogether—but he was enjoying Sherlock's scramble.
God, what a magnificent man. “Watson, I cannot predict crime, I can only overtake it.”
come?"
I awoke from a deep, dreamless sleep and found my companion long gone. The other side of the bed was warmed only by the late morning sun, but I could hear soft sounds in the sitting room that suggested he was only on the other side of the door. The week’s labors seemed to have fallen from my shoulders, and now my only concern was reciprocation. I owed him one. Possibly two.
. You're not an idiot."
"Anything you need," Sherlock replied.
Salvation! There was a noise in the bushes, a shout of indignation, and then a shape barreled out of the underbrush and caught Williams at an angle, knocking him to the ground. Together they rolled, and I slowed my pace finally, reaching the scuffle at a gentle jog. I came to a stop just a few feet away and bent to rest my hands on my knees. Watson was winning.
"It was certainly warmer in the cell."
James Moriarty, Guardian Reviewer
Sherlock sighed, deeply put out, and dropped his hands. He shoulder sagged.
"You're not supposed to be here," Sherlock was saying to Greg, pointing a finger at him.
Sherlock was waiting for him when he got back inside, leaning against the sill of the service window. "
John obliged, adding his second finger. Sherlock bit down on the meat of his shoulder. His hips rocked restlessly, fucking himself on John's fingers, fucking John's fist. His arse ached, and he needed so much more. John let go of his prick and Sherlock heard him rip the condom wrapper with his teeth and toss it away; a moment later he felt John fumbling between them, and lifted himself up to give him room. John kissed the tip of his ear. Sherlock felt his whole face heat.
"What old friend?" Sherlock demanded.
Sherlock decided it was probably fate, not that he believed in such things. He needed John, and John needed him.
"Ah, no," John said, shutting the laptop. "We've barely been open three weeks."
"They're terrified of me," Sherlock said, scowling.
John thought, realizing the truth.
It didn't take long, I am not entirely ashamed to say. Every touch was heightened tenfold, and Watson touched me with such reverence. His warm palm cradling my bollocks made me groan, and the brush of his fingers at the sensitive base of my cock as he pulled me off into the heat of his mouth was heaven.
"Sherlock!" the woman said, giving him a hug around the middle. The top of her head barely reached the underside of his chin.
I awoke one morning after a long, drawn-out case with a bone-deep feeling of lassitude, the sun spilling through a gap in the curtains, and the pillow next to mine already cool. I could hear the gentle splash of water in the basin on the dressing table, and the clink of metal against the ceramic bowl. I smelled Watson’s soap, newly frothed, and breathed in deeply as I stretched my arms over my head.
I clench my jaw. "You were cold."
"I've seen Sherlock in all weathers," Jim said. "At his lows, and at his highs." He was smiling still, but only with the lower half of his face. His eyes were cold. "I'm just so impressed to see you finally so successful, Sherlock. So…
"They've been on at least six dates," Sherlock muttered, facing strategically away from them so they wouldn't know he was talking about them. "They've had several incidents of sexual contact, but no penetration as of yet--
He laughed. "It does," he agreed, drawing the circle of his fingers up the length of my shaft. We both watched the bead of fluid that was squeezed out the tip. He bent his head to lick it away, and my hands flew to his shoulders.
"I'm taking advantage of psychology and chemistry," Sherlock said haughtily. "Some would call that inspired."
"Should we be discouraging this kind of behaviour?" Sherlock asked, turning to look at them over his shoulder.
"As your doctor..." I covered his hand on the bed with mine. "I care about your health. Your safety. You scared me last night. You couldn't breathe, Holmes. You can't keep doing that to yourself."
But something strange was happening. Holmes, who could usually outpace the members of the criminal class, was struggling to keep up, and in a moment I was gaining on him. He was weaving, one hand pressed to his ribs.
I had never considered myself a jealous person until John Watson came into my life. The depth of denial that I sustained while he was married astonishes me sometimes, for it was only after I returned to London and found him as solitary as myself that I found I could no longer stand the idea of him sharing a life with another. I had been so angry with him for leaving me, and at myself for allowing his departure, that I resolved to never let it happen again.
John grinned and turned onto his back. "Don't rub it in," he said.
Harry, John knew, blamed herself for the fire. Privately, he agreed with her. The investigators had found melted liquor bottles at the centre of the blaze and the charred remains of a whole roll of blue paper, part of which had been used, they determined, to mop up a spill. Harry and Clara had been drinking, John knew, and they'd gotten careless. When they'd finished their celebration they'd gone upstairs to bed without checking the burners, distracted by the heat between them.
I cannot go backwards, but perhaps I can retrace my steps. I don't even know if our old house in Fulworth still stands. It has probably been worn down to rubble by now. We had no one to inherit from us; I hope it has returned to the earth, as I should have done.
"As soon as your prix fixes were done!" John said. "But you're taking your sweet time on those, aren't you?"
I opened his trousers with my other hand, and drew him out through the gap in his drawers. His cock stood tall, the head still covered. The thick, rich smell of him made my mouth water. I hadn’t planned to gamahuche him, but there was no reason I shouldn’t. First things first.
"How clever
“I was going to say ‘challenging’.”
He reaches down, gets a grip on my shirtfront, and hauls me to my feet. In a moment we are spun around, and I am flat against the door. He steals the air right from my lungs with a kiss, deep and keen. He tastes himself in my mouth and groans. His bare prick rubs against my trousers, which can’t be comfortable, but the pressure on my neglected prick makes me shake.
I glared at him. It was the conclusion I had drawn as well.
The matter came to a head approximately a week after our nuptials, through no fault of my own. Holmes and I were out late, investigating the matter of the drunken diplomat (which I will have to remember to write up another time), and got caught up in a bit of a scuffle outside a gentleman's club neither of us belonged to. Holmes and I had had one drink each– perhaps we should have learned– but it had been strategic. We were thrown out of the club for asking too many invasive questions, and then followed by the men about whom we'd been inquiring. A fist-fight ensued; Holmes had his eye blacked and I took a strong blow to the jaw that rattled my teeth in my head. We gave back as good as we received, but we were interrupted by the shrill whistles of the police constables who had been summoned.
"I did. You could hardly walk."
“What’s for breakfast?” I asked. “I am feeling wholly invigorated, ready for anything today. Have you got a case on? Anything that needs investigated?”
“In many places, but accessible from everywhere.”
"Mr Holmes! Dr Watson! It's a pleasure, of course; can I help you gentlemen?"
've put a lot into this—and I'm not about to just walk away. You— This— This turned me around, all right? I was going mad. I needed this. I need it. I'll need it tomorrow, and in a month, and next year, probably."
John sat down at the table with the omelet. There was a mug of tea sitting there, steaming, with a pint of milk and a bag of sugar beside it. "Was that you playing, last night?"
“Thank you,” said I. “What on earth do you mean ‘my man has been arrested’?”
“Where were you?”
I exhaled, trembling with excitement. The room was warm with the fire in the grate, but the air prickled along my skin. Watson's soft brush caused a cool, tingling sensation all throughout my groin. He put the brush back in the mug and set the mug on the quilt, and took up his razor.
They take him away from me to make sure the water hasn’t destroyed his insides. I return to Baker Street with Lestrade to pace a hole in the hardwood. She wants to talk about Moriarty, but all I can think of is getting Watson back.
Mike's eyes narrowed thoughtfully as he chewed his bite of steak. He swallowed, took a sip of his wine, and pursed his lips.
All at once the sun is up, the sky is blue, and the memory is fractured.
"I think I can. I'm doing it now."
Sherlock's laugh rumbled through him, and John groaned aloud as Sherlock eased back and then rocked forward again. It made his back arch and his prick give a hopeful twitch. Christ almighty. Sherlock moved slowly, pushing deep, until John's muscles had all relaxed and he was starting to squirm. Sherlock tightened his grip on John's hips, pulling him back into the cup of his groin; his cock nudged John's prostate just right, sending a wave of heat up John's spine. John pushed up onto his hands and his left arm started to ache almost at once. Damn the thing. He folded himself back down onto his elbows.
"A suggestion of something curious," said he, "but it might be very straightforward. I don't know–"
Yes, I wanted to secure my future with him: my only close friend, my dearest companion. I wanted to be linked to him forever, not only in my literature but with a legal standing. I wanted to be sure he wouldn't leave me again.
who to be happy or unhappy with. I tell you, there are couples that have been together decades or more who just want the chance to be recognized as legitimate. They've already made the commitment, why deny them protection under the law?"
The smoke was choking him now, filling his lungs. His shoulder was burning. "Sherlock!" he shouted.
the dining room, and we haven't got any staff. We need cooks, Sherlock, you realise, that, right?"
He's not lying, but he's never succeeded with that promise.
“Opening a new restaurant, eh?” she went on. “Terribly exciting stuff. Sherlock warned me you two were coming, so I’ve got a list of things on the tables you definitely ought to try, but don’t hesitate to sample anything else that catches your eye.” She winked.
"Well, I… actually happen to have one in my office."
John bookmarked the articles and the playlist for future reference, and got ready for bed. His left hand was strangely steady. Holmes was probably the worst person to try and employ, but maybe he would be different at the helm. He'd still shout, probably, and John would have to take him down a peg on that front. Shouting never got anything done, it only made people upset, and when chefs were upset the food was inevitably ruined. It was the food that was important to John, not the egos. If Sherlock Holmes was
The following afternoon, the entire staff roster assembled in the dining room, from the wait staff to the porters John had hired— Ted Murry wasn't among them, unfortunately, but John had extended an open invitation to him if he ever wanted a change of scenery—to all of the cooks: Andy Dimmock, Stanley Hopkins, Emma Bradstreet, Toni Gregson, and Jonas Forbes. Also present were Molly Hooper and Toby, as well as Sarah Sawyer and Craig. It was a larger crew than John was used to working with, but already he felt like he was on good terms with everyone. They could do this.
I clambered out, dripping, and my feet squished in the carpet. I wrapped myself in a bathing sheet and offered him the other one. He leaned heavily on me as he climbed out. There were a few hand towels in the pile we'd been provided; these I threw to the floor in an attempt to soak up some of the overflow.
"Yes, yes, I heard you."
The vicar looked around, as if concerned he was being watched, but as far as I could tell– through almost a whole bottle of wine to myself a quite a bit of brandy– there was no one else inside. "Well, we usually don't perform weddings after about half-past-three in the afternoon, and it is… quite gone eight."
"Oh, yes," Moriarty said, and took out his tape recorder. Sebastian and Lestrade returned at that moment, Lestrade looking a little put-out. Sebastian sidled up to Moriarty and murmured something in his ear. Moriarty nodded, rolling his eyes.
"What do you want?" John asked. Sherlock sat up to consider him. John's hands found Sherlock's hips, thumbs rubbing the points of his iliac crests, and then, almost as though John hadn't realised the option, John's left hand slipped down to circle around Sherlock's erection in his pants.
Holmes been in… a partnership together?"
"I've cooked for you," John protested.
He obliged with a sigh, sliding them off his shoulders.
"At least it doesn't take long to clean," he said defensively.
Watson had returned his attention to his shave, tipping his head up and touching his naked blade to the underside of his chin. The rasp of steel against his skin made me focus again, and I watched him with growing interest as he scraped his face clean and smooth.
“What’s he done, then?” Watson asked, indicating our captive.
John's head rolled back and his lips parted; he watched Sherlock from beneath his eyelashes, and Sherlock had to kiss him. John met him with fervour, groaning around Sherlock's tongue. His hands tightened on Sherlock's hips, holding him still for a moment to hammer into him, and then releasing him and modulating his rhythm to keep Sherlock on edge.
Holmes was taking off his trousers and his shirt, so I followed suit. He pulled back the blanket for me and we climbed very civilly into his bed. It wasn't even eleven in the morning. The sun was still at the front of the house, but plenty of ambient light came in his window that there was no need to light the lamp.
I made an inquisitive noise against the collar of his shirt. I had played this game before.
"No," John said, "too bloody late for that now."
"I'm going to go for a walk," I said.
Sherlock let him down and slid his fingers out. He pulled off and sat on his heels, wiping his mouth on the back of his hand. Between his thighs, his soft cock was still wrapped in latex. He peeled the condom off with a look of obvious distaste, and John couldn't help the laughter that bubbled out of him. He hid his face behind the crook of his elbow, giggling helplessly, as Sherlock got off the bed, padded across the room, and came back. Then Sherlock was scooping him into an embrace, arms under John's shoulders and knees under John's thighs. He nudged John's arm out of the way and grinned down at him.
refined a palate. Good taste, sure, but he could never come up with—" she indicated the parfait— "
a team."
, and I'm not sure if you're aware, exactly, given the state of things, but I'm not really able to wait around any longer. I haven't worked in eighteen months, and I'm broke, and I'm bored, and if I'm not careful I could be out on the streets soon, or
“Oh, for heaven’s sake,” he muttered, but I could see the blush creeping up his neck. “Insatiable rogue.”
Ella was working on the tremor, but recently she'd been talking about sending him to see a shrink too. She thought it was psychosomatic; a result of the memory of the fire rather than actual, genuine nerve damage. John had bristled at the idea at first, insulted that she thought he was mentally unstable, but the nightmares were coming back and he was starting to rethink things. PTSD was a real, medical condition, Ella said, and could be treated, but she wasn't the one to do it. She could only make his arm stronger.
