“You don’t know anything about what’s going on with Eleanor and I. I think we’re okay” Dad began to get angry
He just smiled bigger, looking from Loki to I as we separated.
“Hmm?” he said
“So why are you mad at me?”
“But she’s our mess” Tony gave him a kiss on the temple before returning to his breakfast
“It’s not a date! Oh my god!” I waved my hands in the air “Besides, you know I’m not allowed to date”
MJ pushed me forward and out the door just as the bell rang and we hurried to our next class. I soon forgot about the two new guys and focused on my science project.
“Happy is taking you to get your license tomorrow,” he said in hopes to cheer me up
“What happens now?” I asked
I shook my head and she placed a hand on my knee.
“Is this your house?” I asked, looking around
Later that night I laid on my bed, talking to Loki on the phone.
“That’s your father” he said, noting the other man
“Ok” I pouted
“So, everyone’s scared of you now” she pointed out
“Remember we have volleyball practice after school” MJ said as the bell rang
“Okay, what about this mess with Eleanor?”
“Thank you” I said with a smile
“I..” I began to apologize for the third time
“See you then”
Steve shook his head. I stood up from the couch and pushed his hand away as he reached out to me.
“I wouldn’t have anything to be angry about if my husband would actually--”
I laughed
We walked arm in arm down the sidewalk, aimlessly wandering the city with no destination. We eventually ended up in Times Square and Loki bought us pretzels from a street vendor. We made our way to the top of the red seating stairs under the mega tron and ate our snack. Loki told me that he and Thor had collectively decided to place their father in a nursing home, seeing as how there was no way they would be able to care for him themselves while still going to school. I was worried what that meant for Loki, since we was seventeen for another eight months. He explained that Thor was having the family lawyer draw up paperwork to transfer guardianship to him as well as access to their parents finances which would be split evenly between the two once Loki was eighteen.
“Why?”
“Hey, Tony?” I said, poking at one of the computer screens “Loki’s coming for dinner”
“Peter, seriously kid, swallow your food before you speak” Tony shook his head
Loki glared at Thor and pulled me closer to him. I placed my hand on Loki’s chest to let him know that it wasn’t worth fighting over.
Sunday morning Dad asked if I wanted to help move stuff to the lake house with him, maybe look at my room there to see if I wanted to redecorate when I moved.  I answered by completely ignoring him and leaving the room. Once he had loaded his car up and left Tony came upstairs.
The day drug by slowly and I found it difficult to focus on my schoolwork. I barely spoke to MJ at lunch as she rambled on about the two new kids at school. She had been low-key stalking them that morning, but I didn’t care to know anything about them, I had too many other things on my mind. The last bell finally rang and I walked to the front of the school, where Happy was standing outside of the Rolls Royce talking to Peter.
I sat in silence trying to comprehend everything he was telling me. He continued telling me the story of how Bucky was gone and my mother was dead. Neither of them had any immediate family, not any that would take me in, so he did. He had kept his promise to his best friend.
“Yes, it was a boy.” I sighed “He’s new at school and I was being friendly. We discussed literature”
“How was the ice cream?” I asked
“Excuse me?” Dad asked
“He’s not wrong” Loki said “Besides, who’s Steve to stop us from seeing each other when he doesn’t even live in the city?”
I frowned and pulled out my phone. No calls or texts. I tried calling Loki but it went to voicemail.
“And sledding when it snowed last year?”
That night I called Loki to tell him what had happened between Dad and I.
I couldn’t move. I was scared of being reprimanded. I was scared of the truth Tony was talking about. I wanted more than anything to turn around and run all the way back to Loki’s house and stay there forever but my legs wouldn’t work no matter how loudly my brain was screaming at them.
“Eleanor, listen to me” Dad put his hands on my shoulders “There’s a lot going on right now and in situations like these irrational decisions and poor choices can be made without thinking things through”
“There’s some drama at home, I’d rather not be around.” I said when I noticed her expression “It’s completely fine if I can’t stay”
“So?” I repeated
“I want to know why the school hasn’t gotten these incidents under control” Dad exclaimed, rambling about policies and recounted the numerous times he had talked to the principal
“I enjoyed it too. I’m not sure if that counts as a date, maybe we should have a real one?”
“I don’t remember that.” I muttered
“It’s complicated, Son” Steve hung his head in frustration
Dad ignored that comment
“Of course”
“El..” he sighed “I know you were just sticking up for Peter.”
“Peter found the papers in your dads’ bedroom. Tony filed and they were delivered today.”
“Keep it.”
“Uh..” I hesitated
“It’s fine, Ellie, really.” Peter said as he slung his bag over his shoulder
“Yeah..” I stammered
I just looked down at my lap, not knowing how to respond.
“That’s not a bad thing, El. He was a good man, and a good friend.”
“You alright?”
“Thank you, Eleanor”
When the train reached my stop, I ran off and up the stairs onto the street. I ran the three blocks to my house and stopped when I reached the front steps. I took a deep breath and opened the door.
“Who’s...where…” I looked around lost
“Oh my god” I said again “You don’t have to answer that, Loki”
After everything was cleaned, the three of us sat down in the living room. I was uncomfortable by the fact that Bucky kept staring at me. Dad explained how his mission in Germany was where he found Bucky, who had been accused of assassinating someone. Dad had worked to clear his name but Bucky had disappeared from the prison he was being held, hence Dad leaving a few days prior. Dad had found him and brought him back here.
“I miss you too, honey. I’m sorry you were so worried, I called you the second I could.” Dad said “How was your weekend?”
I glanced up at the clock on the mega tron behind us and gasped.
We sat in silence for a long time waiting for Loki to prepare himself to do the hardest thing he’s ever had to do. When it was time we went back to the ICU waiting room and I nodded at Thor. He stood and wrapped his arms around Loki who, to my surprise, returned the embrace.
“Excuse me?” I asked
I didn’t even notice who stood up for that one, I kept reading.
“No, no this is my fault.” I cut him off  “I have to go, I’m sorry.”
“Sure you are, Ellie, and I get it.” Bucky sighed “I messed up your life from the beginning and I’m sorry. Steve is hellbent on helping me start my life over and recover from everything, although I had told him a hundred times before he even brought me to the city that I’d be fine on my own.”
“I don’t know! I told you, I haven’t said a word to her about it.”
“Make it work? One big happy family. One kid that isn’t mine, two that aren’t yours, and your boyfriend all living under the same roof?”
“I’m guessing he didn’t come back….”
“Stephens” a voice called out over the intercom
“How are you doing, kiddo?” he asked, leaning against the island
“Pete..”
“Oh. I’ll stop bothering you then.”
“This isn’t easy” Dad said “But you already know that Tony and I are getting a divorce”
There was no point arguing with him, it’d only get worse. I stood there as he continued to scold me, wishing I could turn back the time and not leave the house last night. This wasn’t helping my case in being able to stay in the city at all.
“Da-” I tried again
“A little bit. I studied the book all weekend”
We stopped gawking at the new kids and I checked out my book. We had to pass by them as we made our way to the door and I locked eyes with the dark haired one. His green eyes squinted as he saw me, as if he was trying to read me.
“Young lady..” Dad began, crossing his arms and furrowing his eyebrows in disappointment
“I’m just glad that you’re okay.” she put an arm around me “Were you with that boy?”
Thor nodded and we both stood. I took the two cups of coffee and went off to find Loki. I stood in the elevator and my mind was racing. I didn’t know what to say to him, I had never been in this situation before nor have I ever lost anyone close to me. I don’t know what I’d do if I did. After searching around for Loki with no luck I called him. He told me he was in a stairwell in the west wing so I made my way toward his location. I found him sitting on the steps and I sat next to him.
“Does Eleanor know?” Pepper raised her eyebrows
“Hey, kiddo” Tony said as he leaned against my desk, fiddling with my rubix cube “You and Peter want to go do something today?”
“Marrying you. From the day I met you I knew it wasn’t going to last. You were so sure this guy was still alive, and I had to live every single day for twelve years wondering if that would be the day you’d go after him and here we are. Two kids in the middle, that you’re just fine separating”
We exchanged looks and got up to follow him. Peter went into his room and threw his backpack hard against the wall. He turned to slam the door but I caught it with my hand.
“She’s a mess” Dad muttered, shaking his head as he watched me run down the sidewalk
“You sure you’re not upset with me?”  Tony asked again
“I’m fine” I said
School was the same as always, and the midterm was a breeze. I finished early which gave me time to go to the library. I was browsing the biography section, trying to decide on which person I should write my literature paper about when I saw someone approach from the corner of my eye.
The voice called out again and I looked up and saw no one move.
“I don’t know” I said “I don’t even want to go home”
“Eleanor, please.” he pleaded
“She got hit in the face with the ball” Peter said
“What’s wrong?” I asked him
I couldn’t believe his idea of a first date was Broadway. Those tickets were crazy expensive and hard to get a hold of on short notice.
“Why don’t you want to be with your family?”
A woman in her twenties stood up. I sighed and turned the page.
“So I’ve noticed” I shrugged “They should be. No one messes with that little twerp except me”
I became worried, since my dad was technically retired from the military, he still had enough rank and status that if the US Army ever needed something, they’d call him in.. He tried to stay home as much as he could to raise Peter and I but when the country had a devastating event he’d be the first one there to help. The last time they needed him was when Hurricane Maria hit and he went to Puerto Rico to help with disaster relief. There hadn’t been any major storms recently, and no terrorist attacks that I knew of, so it was alarming that he’d take off without giving us notice.
“Screw it” I said to myself, feeling a burst of defiance rush over me again
“We will give you time to decide”
I let it go to voicemail and turned the ringer on silent.
“I’m thinking just fine, thank you.”
“Bad people?”
I finished the dishes and headed back to my room. I tried to work on my homework but I kept looking at the picture of the two men on my wall. One of them I had known my entire life, the other I had never met, both of them my fathers.
I sat in study hall waiting for Loki. He was usually early and had our usual table reserved but today he was late. I assumed that he was probably talking to a teacher but after waiting ten minutes I realized he wasn’t going to come.  I was sad but decided to actually get studying done since I was behind. I was sure he had an explanation for missing our daily middle of school date.
“He took in a newborn baby and raised it as if it were his own. Think about how difficult that must have been for him and everything he had to sacrifice.”
“He was strong willed, protective, passionate about the things he wanted, and he was stubborn as heck” Dad chuckled “Sound like someone we know?”
“Sup, Jerkface?” I asked
“What friend?” Dad asked “Is it that boy you were with Wednesday?”
I tried to blink away the tears but they escaped anyway, dropping down my cheeks.
“I had already said my goodbyes to your mother and Steve but the day I was set to leave I got the call that she was in labor”
When I arrived home I found Tony still on the couch, more reclined than when I left. Walking around it I saw that Peter had fallen asleep with his head in Tony’s lap and Tony was just lazily stroking his fingers through Peter’s hair.
“Did he see your outfit before he left?”
“The usual”
Sunday was always Pepper’s day off and with Dad gone Tony had to make dinner. Normally he’d just order a pizza but he was making a genuine effort to prove he could be just as good as Dad was at the parenting thing.
“He started it” Ned chimed in “He was being mean to Peter”
“Exactly.” I nodded
“I don’t know many people who break into people’s houses to drink their juice” I commented “Who are you?”
“Dude.”
“Hey kiddo” Tony said, not even looking up from the computer screen
I tossed and turned all night until my alarm finally went off. I drug myself out of bed and got ready for school, shoving my books into my bookbag, almost forgetting the papers I needed for my drivers test. I grabbed them and shoved them into my handbag and headed out.
“I know everything that goes on in this house, Rogers.” Pepper said “I know Barnes is here.”
“When he wants something he usually finds a way to get it…” I said “No matter what the cost”
“Is everything okay?” I asked
“I’ll be home tomorrow”
“Why does it have to be this way?” Peter whined “Can’t you stay in the city?”
“I’ll be ready in thirty minutes?”
“They have a parent”
“I don’t know what you want from me, Tony” Dad threw his hands in the air
“About an hour” Pepper checked her watch “Have you heard from Loki?”
I quickly finished my pizza and excused myself from the table. I ran back upstairs to my room and closed the door. I made a mental note to kill Peter in his sleep later and pulled out my phone, reading another text from Loki.
I opened my eyes and blinked. For a moment I was confused about where I was and I looked around the room. I became aware of an arm draped over me and a body pressed up against me. The sun was shining through green curtains.
“You mad at me?”
“You’ve had a lot going on lately, Darling. Maybe you need this break to be with your family and take some time to work through things. Besides, it’s only for three days. One down, two left to go.”
“You’re going to ask Steve about it, right?”
“Let’s go.” he said
“I want you to forget all the bullshit today, kid” he said as he pressed his lips against the side of my head “You deserve a happy, wonderful birthday”
“Oh my god, MJ, stop!”
“Hey girls” he said as we walked in
“What can I do to help?” Loki asked
“Me” I gave a slight smile
“He’s always had strong determination, that’s for sure.” Bucky smiled fondly “But he had a family, he shouldn’t have left Tony.”
“Uh-huh” I laughed
“You were laying in this little rolling bed thing they put the babies in. I walked over to it and you were awake, not crying, nothing like that. You were just laying there, bundled in the blankets and looking up at me. I picked you up and sat in the chair, holding you.”
“So what, did Steve kidnap you as a baby and run away with you or something?” MJ asked
I looked through the doorway at the man sitting at the end of the king sized bed. I knew it had been a long night because the bed wasn’t even made and I’ve never known my father to not go a day without making it up.
I heard the doorknob turn and I pushed Peter into his room, quickly closing the door behind us. They never liked it when we listened in on their arguing because they never wanted us to hear them be angry with each other. Peter’s bottom lip quivered and he looked at me with wide eyes.
“Peter said you haven’t ate anything in like two days, you haven’t spoke to him, you’re completely ignoring Thor”
I didn’t care to stick around for the rest. I didn’t want to eavesdrop on another fight.
“Happy birthday” Bucky finally spoke “I didn’t know what to get you, so I’m sorry I don’t have a gift.”
Dad and Tony exchanged looks and Tony shrugged.
“Sure.” Happy sighed before using a button on his key fob to unlock the car
“I don’t want you to leave” Peter said, stabbing at his steak
We parted ways and I went about my day. Having told Loki about what was going on made me feel a little bit better, even if I still didn’t have any answers. I also still didn’t know what to do about talking to Tony.
“Thank you.” I said, stepping closer to him “I wasn’t looking forward to it”
“Anastasia sounds wonderful. I will pick you up at six thirty. Goodnight, Eleanor.”
“I had called the hospital from a payphone to check on the labor progress and they told me that you had been born but Peggy had passed away. That’s when I knew I had to see you before I left. I went to the hospital and disguised myself in scrubs to be able to sneak into the room the hospital had let Steve stay in until you were cleared to leave the hospital. He was in the shower when I got there”
“Yes, actually, it is, and his name is Loki.”
My fingers clinched the hem of the dress I was still wearing. I didn’t look at him.
“I think it’s a perfectly valid question.” Dad said
“Hey, doll”
“Yes.” he nodded “We were childhood best friends. We grew up together in Brooklyn. He was in love with your mother and…”
I pulled the birth certificate out of my desk drawer and sat on my bed. I explained everything to MJ and when I was done her mouth was open.
“El, Steve’s okay.” Tony said as he followed me into the living room
“Since then things haven’t been great. I had always felt different from my brother, and my father and I haven’t always had the best relationship, but I was still shocked.”
“Of course.” Dad chuckled “Are you ready for your driver’s test? Is Tony taking you?”
“Upstairs.” he said, his voice low
“NO” Loki stood and ran off
I left the two of them to have a private moment and went to the nurses desk. I told her that they were ready to make the call and the nurse informed the doctor. A few moments later we were being ushered to the room. My heart stopped for a moment as I looked at Frigga’s body lying there with the ventilator and various wires attached to her.
Tony looked up and eyed my outfit for a moment. I thought by the look on his face he’d make me change but he merely nodded.
“Good.” MJ said “Something has to be done. Flash is a bully.”
“I know Bucky’s here” she said, talking softly so Peter couldn’t hear “The first meeting wasn’t what you expected, was it?”
“Everything is fine, Thor.” I said almost bitterly
I heard footsteps coming up the stairs and braced myself for my dad to appear in the doorway. Instead I saw my aunt. She jerked her head to her right, indicating that Peter needed to leave.  He whined about having to miss a lecture but she gave him a stern look and he sulked away to his room.
“He needs me, Tony. You don’t understand what he’s been through”
At lunch MJ and I sat with Loki. MJ was pleased when Thor decided to join us and the two proceeded to flirt so much I thought Loki was going to throw up. I put my hand on his arm and just smiled at him.
“No idea.”
I laid in bed, curled up on my side. A picture of me, Peter, Tony and Dad stood in a frame on my nightstand. I stared at it wondering if my entire life had been a lie. I didn’t even know what emotions I had at the moment. The buzzing of my phone made me blink, returning my thoughts to the present, and I sat up.
I took the woman’s hands and she cusped mine, a look of awe on her face.
“It is so nice to meet you.” she said softly, her accent matching his “Loki has told me so much about you”
“Yes, it appears that I am” he murmured as he turned the page
MJ rolled her eyes before grabbing her book and closing the door.
“Your dad told me what happened last night.” she said slowly
“Did you kill people?”
“There’s two months of school left. I don’t want to make you change schools this close to May, so you can stay here. That will be plenty of time to get everything settled and then when summer vacation starts you can move up--”
“It was a lovely send off. I wish I could have met her, she seemed to be a lovely woman.” Pepper replied “I feel for those boys though, having to take care of their father now”
“But I was defending Peter!” I protested
Everyone spun to look at Peter who was standing in the entrance of the dining room
Pepper smiled and I grabbed some fruit, going to sit on the couch with Peter to wait for Tony to get home. I unlocked my phone and sent Loki a text.
“I don’t know. He really thinks you’re better off with us. He thinks Tony can’t do as good of a job as he can at parenting and he wants you and I to bond.”
“I’m sorry, but we’ve done everything we can” the doctor explained “The stroke caused massive damage and she’s in a vegetative state. With her age there wasn’t much hope”
I could hear footsteps approaching the door and I backed away. The door opened and Tony stepped out, stopping short when he saw me standing there.  He looked at me for a moment with sad and apologetic eyes before wordlessly moving past me and going downstairs.
Dad gave me a disappointed look as he walked by me and into the principal’s office. Several painstaking minutes later, he came out, looking more disgruntled than when he went in.
“I will wait for you” Loki said matter of factly, then turned on his heel and walked away
“Answer me! I have a right to know. Are you my father?”
“He’s such an arse.” Loki grumbled
“Eleanor” he said “Please come in here, I need to talk to you.”
“Doesn’t seem that complicated to me” I shrugged before looking at Bucky “Can you please stop staring at me?”
“I never said that you--”
“Eleanor” Loki’s voice was quiet “My mother…”
“Don’t ever talk to me in that tone of voice again, Eleanor” Dad said “I’m your father and-”
“I know…” I sighed
“Numb, I guess.” I squeezed his hand “I haven’t spoken to him since Saturday night. I don’t even know what to say.”
“Night”
“What is that supposed to mean?” Dad asked “What ‘problems’ do I ignore?”
“Loki, listen..” I began slowly “I know this is hard”
“Couldn’t tell you, kid.” Tony said, typing away on his keyboard “Haven’t spoken to him since yesterday.”
I turned back around and saw that he had began walking closer to me.
I glanced in the direction my best friend was frantically gesturing toward and my jaw dropped. There, alongside our assistant principal, stood two incredibly handsome boys. Definitely seniors, they had to be. The blond was tall, muscular and had obviously long hair even if it was pulled into a man bun. The second also had long hair, but it was black as onyx. You could tell they were new here, the blond looking around in confusion and the raven haired one looking like he'd rather be anywhere else.
“Watch it, Rogers” Tony glared
“Is that why Tony left?” I asked
“Please, be nice” I pleaded
“Alright, where is he?” she said with a hand on her hip
“I don’t know.” Tony looked at Dad “Depends on if he does”
I tapped my fingers against my arm, waiting for him to continue.
“I’ll do my best.” Peter grinned
“I…” I struggled to find the words “I need some time”
I pushed Loki’s arm off of me and sat up, running my fingers through my hair. I stood up and quickly began to look for my things.
“No you listen!” my voice raised louder “I am going on this date and you can’t stop me!”
“He’s in no shape to be out of the house.” Thor ran his fingers through his long hair “His health has declined  so dramatically in the last few weeks and I don’t think he’s even in the right mind to make this kind of decision”
“No, Loki” Thor said “That’s not what this is...she’s gone”
“I had to.” Bucky looked at me “There was an agency in Russia that had dirt on me. They were going to ruin my career, and if I didn’t do what they wanted they would not only expose everything but they told me they’d kill my wife and child. I left to protect both of you.”
“How do you know?”
“I know” he sighed
“I’ll look in the bathroom, Steve you take the entryway,” Tony said as he walked off down the hallway
“I get that.” I said, looking at him with wide eyes “What is he doing here? I thought he was dead.”
“Ok, principal's office, all of you.” Mr Cedric waved his finger at the group
“Fine”
It seemed like it took weeks for Friday to finally arrive. Between school, avoiding my dad as much as I could without it being obvious that something was wrong, and the anticipation of my first date, time went by painfully slow.  I practically dragged MJ all the way home from school Friday afternoon, and we ran straight to my room. We began throwing clothes out of the closet and onto my bed, trying to find the right outfit to wear. I settled on a knee length red dress that I had bought around Christmas when I went to a work party with Dad. It was cute, but classy, and paired great with my black pumps. As MJ worked on curling my hair while I did my makeup she asked me all sorts of questions.
I laughed and turned so that Loki and I were face to face. I wrapped my arms around his neck and hugged him tightly.
“Nothing’s okay anymore!” I wailed
“She had a date!” Peter said cheerfully, apparently our conversation moments ago already forgotten
I hoped that my Saturday wasn’t going to be filled with obnoxious fighting but the odds looked slim.
I shrugged
“That’s what I said.” I picked at the hem of my dress, a thread hanging provided a distraction “Dad did say that you were allowed to come to my birthday party, though”
I put my arms through his and around his waist, pulling myself in for a hug. I rested my head against his chest and felt him wrap his arms around me. We stood pressed together in silence, his head rested on top of mine. When we parted I looked up at him. His green eyes sparkled as he ran his tongue over his bottom lip. I felt my breath catch as he leaned down. Our lips met in a soft kiss, my first ever.
“Oh?” I asked before I took a bite of my chicken sandwich
“I saw you talking to him in study hall. Looked like a deep conversation”
“Vienna” he replied
“It’s girl stuff” I lied
“I hate that I got suspended. It’s stupid.” I said
“Loki, is this Eleanor?” she beamed as she approached me, her hands extended
“Huh?” I wrinkled my brow
“Yes.” Loki replied with a tone of annoyance
The continued to shout at each other back and forth and I sat there unsure of what to say or do. They had clearly forgotten my presence as they yelled  accusations at each other.
Dad looked at Tony, who just raised his eyebrows at him.
“That’s two hours away, upstate!” Peter said frantically
As I neared the school I saw Thor and Loki walking down the sidewalk in the opposite direction. Loki smiled at me as I ran up to them. I gave him a hug and he put his arm around my shoulders and walked me into the school.
“Not much” I mumbled still thumbing my way through the row of books “You finish the test early too?”
“I thought you’d be happier to see me, Sweetheart” Dad said, smiling at me
I stayed in my room for a few hours, waiting for someone else to come and yell at me. No one did and I eventually became brave enough to wander downstairs. Everyone had gone and the first floor was empty. I went back upstairs and looked through the crack in Peter’s door. He was taking a nap so I went to the last door at the end of the hallway. I listened for signs of anyone inside and leaned in close as I heard voices.
I followed Loki over to his bed. He gestured for me to sit so I did, placing my hands in my lap. He sat next to me and opened the book, turning the pages until he found what he was looking for.
“The new guy. You know, tall, blond, muscular, perfect?” MJ rolled her eyes “He’s been trying to get your attention all day”
“Yep, good luck” Peter waved as he left to walk home
“I don’t think I’m going to.” I admitted “Not right now anyway.”
“How did it go? Did you talk to your father?” he asked as we separated
“Tonight is fine.”
“You’re always running away to a job you retired from years ago whenever anything goes awry at home” Tony accused
Peter’s lip quivered and Pepper rubbed his back. I took a bite of an apple but wasn’t hungry. I decided to go upstairs to see what the commotion was about.  I knocked on the bedroom door but they couldn’t hear me over the yelling so I opened it. Dad and Tony stopped yelling and looked at me. I looked around the room and saw clothes everywhere. Luggage was strewn across the bed and a picture frame was broken on the dresser. Dad had his military uniform on with his bag slung over his shoulder.
“So have you and Ellie done it yet?” Peter asked
“Yes, we moved here recently. It’s alright, I suppose. Bigger than I had imagined.”
The man looked up and froze.  I sighed and grabbed the paper towels off of the counter and tossed them at him. He didn’t even bother to catch them and they landed in the puddle of juice. I rolled my eyes and walked over to the island. I began to clean up the mess the stranger had made but glanced up at him. His cold blue eyes stared at me. He looked terrified.
“Don’t tell me you think it’s okay for her to be out all night with some boy we know nothing about.”
“You ok?” Peter asked as he joined me on the bed
“Come here”
He nodded and sat down, pulling out a textbook. I glanced over at him and considered my options. I could keep thinking about my current problem or I could try to be nice to him.
“Blackmail, brainwashing, torture” Tony rolled his eyes “I get it, Steve. I’m just amazed at how stupid I am”
“What did Tony say?” he sighed
“Oh..” Dad paused, looking from Peter to me then back to Peter “I’m sorry, kids--”
“Are you leaving?” I asked, my voice cracking
“A what?” Dad asked
“Where are you?”
He just looked at me helplessly. I sighed and grabbed my backpack.
“You fell asleep while I was reading. Instead of waking you, I just lied you down on the pillow.”
“I’m fine”
“I understand.”
“Mother, is it alright if Eleanor stays here tonight?” Loki asked “I can prepare the guest room”
“What? I’m just asking”
“I won’t”
When Peter and I got home from school the next afternoon we were greeted by Dad standing in the living room waiting for us. He was visibly upset, a cross expression on his face and his arms crossed over his chest like he always did when he was upset. Peter and I both froze in our steps and looked at each other, silently asking who was the victim.
“Sorry.” Peter said after he swallowed “MJ told me”
“I understand.”
“Go, you’re going to be late for breakfast.”
“I really enjoyed our date today. I do hope it’s alright that I call it that.”
“I have a mission.” he said
“I’m on my way”
“I’m serious Peter”
“What’s going on here?” Mr Cedric, the biology teacher asked
“That behavior is not acceptable, Eleanor. This is why I can’t have you staying here with Tony, he has no sense of responsibility and just lets you kids do whatever you want”
“What did you just say?” Dad asked, his brows now raised like they do when he’s surprised
“Oh?”
Tony sighed and rubbed his head and looked at Dad.
“Men, I swear.” Pepper shook her head “I’ll talk to her. Try to get her to give him a chance”
“Eleanor, did something happen?” he asked me, concern crossing his face
“Lame”
“What’s a ‘zorro’?” Loki’s nose wrinkled in confusion
“No” Loki said with disgust “I left him at home”
I peered over his shoulder to look at the source of the buzzkill and saw Thor, Loki’s older brother. He was standing against the doorframe, eating a handful of popcorn. He had on basketball shorts but no shirt.
“No, Peter, that isn’t happening” I reassured him
“Thank you!” I said again and ran off to the subway
Peter peered up at me through the hood before sighing and removing the material from his head. I gasped as I saw that his right eye was bruised and swollen.
“Are you?” I asked “Are you my father?”
“I don’t know”
Pepper turned and walked away. She found me upstairs in Peter’s room and motioned for me to come join her. I followed her to my room and we sat on the edge of my bed.
Thor and MJ stopped their conversation and by now everyone’s eyes were on the two. I saw Peter’s lips move as he mumbled something, his face brazen with humiliation, and he tried to walk past Flash but the bully grabbed him by the collar and threw him against the cafeteria wall. I saw red and was instantly on my feet. I charged across the open room with MJ, Loki and Thor at my heels.
“That’s all I ask” Tony smiled, grabbed his whiskey glass and went upstairs
“Well…” Dad looked at Bucky “Yes”
“Goodnight, Mother” Thor said
“Tell us about your brother.”
“Eleanor?” he asked again as he placed a hand on mine
“What is supposed to mean?” Dad argued
As we drove through the city streets I told him what had happened over the last couple of days. He was quiet, listening to me as I talked.
“Cohen”
I hung up the phone and stared at the screen for a moment. My background was a selfie Peter, Dad and I had taken on our last vacation. We were all making silly faces and Peter had up a peace sign. I tried to tell myself that Dad calling me was a good thing and that he was ok, so I should feel better, but it didn’t work. Him being with Rhodey, my dads’ close Colonel friend, made me feel worse, because Rhodey only went on the dangerous or intense missions.
“El” Dad’s tone warned of my disrespect “I am just asking you to take a break from him for awhile. Focus on your exams and work through everything that’s going on.”
I sat and watched Tony work on the robot he was building, like I always did. I never really understood the science behind it all, but I spent many hours just sitting in Tony’s lab watching him. He always had classic rock music playing and I’d often dance and sing around the lab as he worked. He never really paid attention to Peter and I when we were down there, as long as we didn’t touch anything, but we knew he liked the company.
“He was scared.” Tony said
“I know what I’m doing Tony. There isn’t another way this can work out, especially now that you’ve made up your mind that you don’t want to make this work”
“Can I ask you something else?” I pressed
“It’s not fine Peter. I’m telling Dad.”
“See you then, Eleanor”
“That’s my Ellie, always understanding. Wise above her years” Tony laughed
“Shut up.” I hit him again “And don’t tell Dad”
“We’re bonding just fine”
I didn’t reply. I walked to my room and closed the door.
“No it did not..”
“I know. You told all of them to me at four in the morning. She’s growing up, Steve.”
That wasn’t a lie, I needed to talk to someone about what I found. I didn’t know if I could talk to Tony, which meant I couldn't tell Peter. The kid couldn’t keep a secret if his life depended on it and the last thing I wanted was for him to run his mouth to his dad, who would then run his to mine. I didn’t want Dad to have to deal with work and this too, and I hadn’t figured out what I was going to say when he got home.
Dad just glared at Tony for a minute before storming off. He went upstairs to the bedroom to finish packing his stuff.
Loki rushed to his mother’s bedside and began to slowly caress her cheek. He mumbled quietly to her as Thor and I stood and watched.
“Don’t” he said softly
“No, it won’t.” Dad sighed painfully “I think you need a break from Loki”
“I’m sure there’s a reason” Peter said, offering a smile
“Shut up, it’s not like that. We’re just friends” I exclaimed
The rest of the week went by slowly. I dreaded my party and almost canceled it several times but MJ continued to talk me out of it and distracted me with planning.  Thursday night Dad text me to let me know that Bucky wanted to meet me for breakfast the next morning, since he thought it best not to attend the party. I had ignored every text and call from my Dad since Monday but replied with a “sure”. I wasn’t mad at Bucky and I hoped that maybe I could talk him into seeing my side of things.
“That’s good”
“Wouldn’t you be?”
I paced by the doorway as six o’clock drew closer, anxious about how dinner was going to go.
“Get a room you two” a voice came from behind Loki
“How do you feel now that you know the truth?” Loki asked, reaching over and taking my hand
“What day is it?” he asked
“I want to show you something.”
“Good morning” Loki said from behind me and I felt him nuzzle into the back of my neck
“I’m calling the police”  I said, pulling my phone out
“Are you nervous?”
“I’m not mad” I said
I felt the weight of him sitting down on the bed. He reached for my arm and pulled at it.  I rolled my eyes but sat up, sitting cross legged making sure not to look at him.
I continued walking.
“I told him I’d talk to the school and he didn’t want me to, I respect his wishes”
“I’m not a little kid, though. I can take care of myself. I’m mature and responsible” I protested “Why don’t you trust me?”
“Lands? He had to go overseas?”
“He’s just here for tonight, I’ll keep him away from Peter.” Dad said
“Miss? Are you ready for your test?”
“Then who’s the guy on your birth certificate?”
“They must be older” Tony noted
“How am I supposed to know anything? You refuse to talk to me anymore” Tony stood from the table
“I’m just saying, Tony. Maybe I’d be more willing to let Ellie stay here if I knew she’d be properly taken care of and not by your assistant. Pepper isn’t a nanny”
I walked to study hall, where I found an empty table in the back and sat down. I pulled out a notebook and pen but didn’t write anything.
“I’m not throwing anything anywhere, Tony.” Dad shouted back in frustration
It was my turn to freeze. My biological father, who, three weeks ago I didn’t know even existed, was now standing in front of me. We both stood there staring at each other for what felt like centuries. I couldn’t move, I couldn’t think. I just stared at him, my phone in one hand, and soaking wet paper towels dripping onto the counter in the other.
“Good luck” Tony scoffed “He’s hellbent on taking you with him”
“I don’t have time Tony,  I’m running late”
“I understand you” I reminded
“I’m going out” I said
Dad just nodded, looking spaced out. Pepper narrowed her eyes and then sighed.
“Last night you said that I’m not your father. Why?”
“Sunday” Peter replied, frustrated with a piece that wouldn’t connect
I didn’t respond. Instead I continued to punch him until Thor grabbed me and pulled me away. By this time the cafeteria staff had come out from behind the lunch line and teachers were running in from the breakroom.
“I doubt that.” Loki raised an eyebrow
“Maybe.”
“Tony don’t.”
“I do know, but you have to talk to him about it.”
“Yeah, I have to start reading that book for my paper” I shrugged
“I…” Bucky sighed “I don’t know. I went through a lot working with Hydra, and I mean a LOT, and it really messed me up.”
“I understand. Your secret is safe with me” he smiled again
“Yes”
“Oh, I don’t know.” He mused “Anywhere I’m alone”
I went upstairs but didn’t go to my room. I needed to get my birth certificate to take for the driver’s test tomorrow so I went into my dad’s office. I rummaged through his file cabinet until I found what I was looking for, took the paper and went to my room and tossed it on my desk. I grabbed my book and settled down in my chair and opened it up to the last page I had read.
“Ellie…” he said
We sat and continued talking about Bucky. I asked questions and Dad told me more stories. Part of me wished that I had known him and that made me sad. I also felt guilty because of how I had treated Dad since finding out. I was still confused and hurt but I couldn’t really stay mad at him. He had given me a good life, nothing I could complain about in therapy in my later years.
I figured playing a few rounds of Halo would help get my mind off of Loki’s situation and the mess going on at home.
“Doubtful.” Loki sighed “I do miss you, Eleanor”
“It was nice talking to you Eleanor” Loki asked
Moments later Dad responded
I blinked.
“Eleanor, sit up and talk to me.”
“Yeah, I told you that yesterday. Seriously, what is going on?”
“Yes?”
“No” he sighed  “Are you free?”
I reluctantly followed him to Peter’s room. Once everyone was on the same page  we headed out for the afternoon. We had lunch at Carnegie Deli and did some shopping. Peter wanted to go to the Lego store and I asked if we could go to the Hershey store to get candy. Even though Tony avoided Times Square like the plague, he obliged. After stopping at a grocery store to get dinner we headed back home.
“How was school today, kids?” Dad asked as everyone else came into the room and began to sit down
“Thank you.” I mustered a polite smile to him “See you at home, Pete?”
“Good” Natasha sighed with relief “This isn’t like you, Ellie”
“I understand.” I said, my mind returning to the discovery I made “I am going through something similar, I think”
I resisted my little brother’s offer for a hug at first but he tugged me over to him anyway and insisted on comforting me. I cried into his shoulder as the sound of Dad and Tony yelling at each other filled the house.
I looked up to see that the dark haired new kid was standing over me, pointing to the seat across from me.
“It wasn’t Tony’s fault!” I defended
“Can I come in?”
“I didn’t fire her” Dad put his hands on his hips “I retired. There wasn’t a reason to have her here if I was going to be here, hands on 24/7”
“I apologize.” he said “I meant be away from my family. I don’t mind talking to you”
“Hi” we said
“I’m fine” Peter insisted
I rolled my eyes and scoffed.
I looked down and saw my birth certificate. I glanced over it. There was my date of birth: May 10th, 2000. My place of birth: Brooklyn, New York. My mother’s name: Margaret Carter. My father’s name: James Barnes. My name: Eleanor Rose Barnes
“I know, I’m just worried about him”
MJ ran out of the door and I slowly turned around. Both of them were turned on the couch, facing me. I had to think quick because I could see Dad looking at my outfit and piecing things together.
Bucky sighed and pushed his long hair out of his face.
“I agree, but maybe it’s for the best?” He offered
“No it isn’t. Why does Ellie have to leave? Can’t she stay here forever?”
“See? How is that healthy? You have anger issues, Tony”
“Steve’s going to be mad if you’re late again” Peter shrugged before walking out of my room, making sure to flip the light on as he left.
Several pages in, my phone buzzed. I jumped at the sudden vibration against my rear and sat up to pull the device from my back pocket.
“I’m sorry” he said, not redirecting his eyes elsewhere “I just can’t believe that you’re here in front of me.”
I ended up skipping dinner. I told Peter I was tired and wanted to go to bed early. He believed it and no one bothered me until bedtime, when Tony came up to check on me. I lied to him and told him I was fine and he told me goodnight.
“Oh, hey Loki?” I said with my arms around his neck
“Shame.”
“Sorry” I shrugged, looking around frantically for my shoes
“How was the funeral?” he asked as casually as he could muster
The next morning I sat at the island eating breakfast while I listened to Peter get lectured for the third time since yesterday afternoon by both of our dads about the bullying problem with Flash. Peter continued to insist that he was fine and that he could handle it, and begged them not to go to the school.
I hugged Tony tightly and thanked him again.
“I know you’ve always wanted it”
Tony reached out and pulled me to him. I didn’t return the hug but I didn’t protest the one he was giving me.
“Mr Rogers” Mrs Fitzgerald said, emerging from her office “Can I speak with you for a moment”
“Come on” he placed a hand on the middle of my back and gently led me inside.
“I can’t help but feel as if everything is my fault and you have every right to be mad at me”  Bucky stared at me as I sipped my coffee
“Are you ok? Where are you? When are you coming home? Why haven't you called? I’ve been so worried” I talked a mile a minute
“So that’s it then?” Tony shouted “You’re  going to throw eleven years into the shitter just like that?”
“I know.”
Dad blinked and took a step back. He looked at Tony who just shrugged. By this time Peter and Ned had come downstairs and Pepper and Happy had emerged from their quarters to see what the fuss was about.
“Thank you for your kindness Miss Potts” Loki said as he released me and climbed into the passenger seat  “I’ll call you tonight”
“I would love to talk to you more.” Loki said as we stopped in front of my classroom
“Can’t be easy”
“Crap” I said under my breath and pressed my back against the wall
Dad explained the encounter between Bucky and I.
“Not those. I have gym today” I said, tossing the cushions off the couch  “I need my trainers”
“I see that”
“It’s not you that I don’t trust. I know what teenage boys want”
I laughed and agreed with her, selecting a book about Grace Hopper, a computer scientist in the Navy, figuring that would be the closest thing to my interests considering who my fathers were. I loved to read, don't get me wrong, but I much prefer fiction over nonfiction. MJ followed me to the checkout station and helpfully held my textbooks while I searched through my bag for the library card.
“And they’re cuddling. Gross”
My feet were killing me halfway back to my building and the thought of walking barefoot on the city streets disgusted me so Loki gave me a piggyback ride the rest of the way home.
“So Zorro meets Dracula?” I laughed
A few moments later my phone chimed to indicate a response.
“Like hell that will happen,” I thought to myself
“Do you want to talk?” I asked as I gently rubbed his back
“You’re always down in your lab ignoring everyone and drinking your liquor”  Dad also stood and placed his hands on either side of his plate and glared across the table at Tony
“I’m sorry.” I repeated
“Bye” Peter ran as fast as he could upstairs, leaving me alone with my father
“I know he should have told you a long time ago, and I know that you have many feelings running through you right now” Loki said “ but think about this: he took you on after you lost your parents. He didn’t have to do that. He was young and single, right?”
After telling Pepper what happened I ran almost the whole way to the hospital, leaving her to handle Peter. Once I found Thor and Loki I sat and waited. I hated hospitals but I sat and clutched at a despairing Loki’s hand anyway. He was silent the entire night and the later it got the more tired I became.
“I’ll see what I can do.”
“Yeah” Peter said “But it’s fine, I’m okay.”
“Oh I understand” Tony slammed his glass down onto the table
“I suppose I should meet him, shouldn’t I?” he sighed
“Okay, okay!” I laughed
“I’ve never seen you this bad though. Is everything ok?”
“Eleanor.” Dad said slowly, his voice full of anger
“I’m not doing this for you, Steve.” Pepper crossed her arms “You’ve really made a mess.”
“Yes?” I asked innocently
“I apologize about my ape of a brother.” Loki said
“I want to wring that punk’s neck” Tony grumbled as he dabbed an ointment on Peter’s bruised face
“I’ve gotten that a lot lately” Bucky said sullenly
“Oh, Ellie, it’s okay” he pulled me in for a hug “I understand, you had every right to be upset”
“What?!” I gasped and looked up at him with tear filled eyes “No, you can’t do that!”
“Yes he does” Tony stared Loki down
“Honey, I think you should give him a chance.”  Pepper said “He’s been through a lot and having you be open to him would probably help.”
I turned over onto my side, away from him. He sighed.
“Yet you’re leaving to go chase after a ghost.” Tony yelled “How do you even know this is going to work?”
“Fine.” I said again
“I did” Ned said “The blond guy is built like a brick house”
“So close” MJ whispered “Well, see ya”
“Hey you” I said when I answered
I hung up and rushed to get ready. The sweats I was wearing were not boyfriend appropriate at all so I tore through my wardrobe looking for something nicer. I found a short denim skirt and a loose silky tank top and put them on. I did my hair and makeup and slid on my red peep-toe heels. Satisfied at a job well done with a limited amount of time I went downstairs to find Tony. He was sitting on the couch helping Peter work on the Death Star set. Tony was always good about buying our love with money and had no problem dropping five hundred dollars on the thing.
“You’ll do great, Ellie.” Tony patted my shoulder “Just think with a license, you can drive the Bugatti”
“Is that how a young lady is to act in public, Eleanor?” Dad began to scold “I leave you in Tony’s care for one day and this is what happens”
“Hey Mr R”
I nodded
“If we walk fast maybe they won’t notice that I’m dressed up and you’re not” I said
“I would like to, yes” Loki smiled at me and I blushed “Do I have your approval?”
“I’m sorry in advance if anything weird happens tonight.” I said
“Ellie, go easy on him. He may be Mr Military but you and I both know he’s not that bright. He was just doing his best.”
“It wasn’t a date” I said defensively “I just had coffee with a friend”
“Hey” I said
“How do you know my name?” I asked, panicking “Who are you?”
“Woook? He dint see bah?” Peter said
I got in the car and put my seat belt on. During the drive I stared out the window, silently. Happy asked how my day was and I responded quietly and he left it at that, aware that I wasn’t at myself.  Twenty minutes later we pulled up to the Department of Motor Vehicles and we both went inside. I needed a guardian, and since Dad was gone and Tony wasn’t going to adult today, Happy had to sign the paperwork after I filled it out.  We sat down to wait for my name to be called and I pulled out my book while Happy put in his headphones to listen to a podcast.
“Oh right, that.”
I quickly hid the birth certificate in my desk drawer.
“Oh. His name’s Thor, really?” I scrunched up my nose
Peter nodded and sniffled.
“What type of setting do you prefer?”
“You never answered me last night. How does she know I’m not her father?”
“Oh shit.” Tony said
After school I went to the gym. I didn’t see Loki so I went into the locker room to change. When I went onto the court I ran up to MJ who began nudging me in the side and nodding toward the bleachers. I looked up and saw Loki sitting at the top, reading a novel.
“Looks like it”
“I am. You’ll see”
“May I help you, brother?” Loki said with annoyance
“I needed my birth certificate for my driver’s license.” I whispered
“They’re going to find out sooner or later” I said “You can’t hide up here until that goes away”
“MmmJaahh” he shrugged
Tony laughed again, which made Dad mad. He walked up and stood in Tony’s face, which made Tony mad.
“Swallow your food, then speak, Pete” Tony said “No, this was an emergency. He had to leave quickly, but told me to give you both a hug and kiss. He’ll call when he lands”
I laughed and we said our goodbyes. I hung up the phone and laid down on my pillow in hopes that I could sleep but my eyes locked onto the photo of my Dad and Bucky. I still had so many questions and feelings about the entire situation and about my two biological parents. Sleep was difficult that night.
“Oh, I don’t know” Tony began “Our son being bullied..”
“I am very disappointed with you.” Dad said
My stepdad came into the kitchen. The glasses he was wearing indicated that he had spent the day down in his lab working, and the coffee cup he had that morning had been replaced with his favorite whiskey glass, which was empty.
Tony shook his head then told me to go to bed, following behind shortly after to carry a snoring Peter to his room.  As I laid down I could hear Tony grunting and complaining about how he was too old to be doing this.
“It’s a long story.” he said, pushing a strand of his black hair behind his ear
“Where are you?” I asked
“He let me make my own choices” I rolled my eyes “Nothing happened last night”
My mouth was agape as I read the words, and I felt myself blushing. I bit my lip as I typed a reply.
“You want to talk about it later?” MJ asked
“Where are you going wearing that?”
“Miss, that is the paper you submitted at sign in. Any mistakes will need to be taken up with the Health Department. Your driving instructor is waiting for you.”
I flopped down onto the couch and pulled one of the pillows to my chest, hugging it tightly. I could feel myself getting choked up. Tony sat down next to me on the edge of the sofa and put a hand on my knee.
My legs felt heavy as I walked to over to my dad.
“Absolutely” I gave him another kiss
My phone began to vibrate on the table and I picked it up.  Loki was finally calling me. Loki...that was something else to keep me in the city. I ran out of the room, not bothering to clear my dinner plate or excuse myself. Tony didn’t care, it was always Dad and our nanny who had instilled manners into us.
“Thanks, Pepper”
I ran toward the door but stopped and walked back to Loki. I leaned down and gave him a long kiss, running my fingers through his hair.
“We aren’t staying in the apartment, though.” Loki said as he finished his pretzel
Just then Dad appeared in the doorway between the kitchen and living room. He paused and eyed Loki. I tensed but instead of saying anything rude, Dad walked over and extended his hand.
“Good boy’ I muttered under my breath
“You can’t take Eleanor away from the only home she’s ever known, Steve. Unless you want her to hate you even more than she does”
“Run away from Brooklyn to Midtown?” I rolled my eyes “I don’t think so.”
My uncle gave me a quick kiss on the top of my head before I moved on to my aunt and finally to Rhodey. I sat down next to Peter and half listened to the adults talk to each other, half thinking about how I was going to bring up the birth certificate to Dad. I realized that I hadn’t put it back in his office yet and quietly left to go upstairs. I went into my bedroom and opened my desk drawer. My eyes lingered on the piece of paper for a moment before I picked it up and quickly ran it to the office. Once it was back in it’s place, I made sure the office door was closed and went back to my room. I pulled out my phone and saw I had a text from Loki.
“You are in soooo much trouble.” he said
“Really?” I brightened up
“They’ve always been close” Thor whispered to me “He’s going to be devastated. I’m glad he has you”
“Oh. Ew” Peter’s wrinkled
“Sorry, I didn’t mean that. I know it’s a sensitive subject.”
I beamed. He wanted a second date.
“I have time.”
“Anyone Hydra told me to kill. Usually not bad people...just...people” Bucky had a sad look in his eye
“Do you think there’s any way I can convince Dad to let me stay in New York until I graduate?”
“Eleanor? I know you’re nervous but..” Happy said as he caught up to me
I smiled and squeezed him as he continued to carry me.
The bell rang and we left the room to head to our next class. As Loki was about to leave me at the door, I remembered what Tony had said to me.
“Did you and Ned see the new guys?” MJ asked Peter
“Nerds” MJ wrinkled her nose
“His smile too” I said as I handed the picture back
So Tony knew. That made me upset with him. I wondered if Peter knew anything but figured it he did I would have heard it by now.
“No?” Peter perked up at the mention of new people in the school and looked around to see if he could see them
“You think?” he asked
“Keeping all of that shit inside isn’t doing him any good. I’m worried about him.” Tony took a sip of his whiskey
“You put a kid in the hospital” he pointed out
A few moments later there was a knock at my door and Tony stuck his head in.
“I’m fine” I said
Confused, Loki got into the drivers side and we pulled away from the curb as Dad was walking down the front steps.  I looked in the side mirror to see him and Tony standing on the sidewalk. As we made our distance away from the building, I saw Dad lean into Tony’s chest.
I sat on the floor with Thor and we were quiet for a minute
“Nothing happened?” Dad waved his hands in the air “Look at this, Eleanor!”
“And?”
“Remember when we came here to play football?” he asked
“Of course” MJ said “I bet Pete's still not even halfway done”
Eventually we stopped in front of a tall building. He put the car in park and climbed out before walking around to open my door. I got out and looked up at the building. The Chateau Elan Luxury Condominiums I read on the sign out front.
“I’ve missed you too, Sweetheart”
“I don’t want to move to Tarrytown. This isn’t fair. I’m not going”
“Come here.”
“Crap.”
“He’s doing a fantastic job so far” I said sarcastically
“A mission to destroy this family” Tony spat
The nurse and doctor left us and Loki collapsed to the floor. I put my arms around him as he sobbed. Thor returned with three cups of coffee and nearly dropped them when he saw us. After he placed them on the table and knelt beside us with his hand on Loki’s shoulder, I explained what the doctor said.
More silence. His eyes told me that he was scared.
“I’ll do my best.”
I just nodded and watched as Loki continued to talk to his mother. A few moments later Thor joined him and also said his goodbyes. The doctor came in with two nurses trailing behind him. I walked over to Loki and took his hand.  I didn’t know what to say to Frigga, nor did I know if she could even hear me so I just stood and watched as the doctors began to unhook the machines. Thor wrapped his arms around Loki who crumbled into his brother as the heart monitor flat lined. I felt a tear fall from my eye as I watched.
“So many questions” I said
“What am I doing?” I said aloud after I hit send
Thor finally released my arms and I jerked away from him. I put my arm around Peter and followed Mr Cedric, who had Flash by his elbow, to the office. Ned, MJ, Thor and Loki trailed behind us.
I walked over to the dresser and picked up the shattered frame. It was Dad and Tony’s wedding picture. They both had on tuxedos and happy smiles plastered against their faces. I put it back up the proper way and left the room. Peter had already been filled in on the situation and was sulking in the living room. I made my way over to him and was going to try to cheer him up when my phone rang. I pulled it out and saw Loki’s name on the screen.
“Have you told Tony? Or Peter?”
“What?” MJ asked
“Of course you can stay, Dear. We would be happy to have you. I’ll go get the covers for the guest bed.”
“It’s top secret Government stuff” Tony shrugged before coming over and placing a kiss on my forehead “It’ll be ok and he’ll be home soon”
“Thor and Loki.” I said amused “Alright”
“Loki?” I squeaked out which caused someone at a table nearby to shush me
I turned and went to my room and locked the door. I was still processing and a flood of emotions were sweeping over me.  I stayed in my room until I heard Peter come upstairs. I went to his room and sat on his beanbag chair. I didn’t know if I should bring up the fact that Bucky Barnes was in our house or not, not knowing how he would react.
“Daddy?” I looked  at him “I’m sorry for being disrespectful and angry”
He smiled at me before he turned his attention back to the street in front of him. I would feel terrible if he wasted money on getting us tickets and I ended up ruining it with my drama so I decided not to tell him what had happened. We arrived on Broadway and after he gave his keys to the valet we walked inside the theatre. We had good seats and watching Anastasia helped me forget about what was going on at home. Halfway through the third act I slid  my arm a bit closer to Loki, hoping that he would notice. He did and our fingers interlocked together. We held hands through the rest of the play, only letting go to applaud at the end.
“Uh…” Dad hesitated
I nodded.
“It’s okay” I shrugged “Sometimes things just don’t work out”
“I know.” Loki looked down
“Your da--Bucky, he came to defense. Ran up behind the guy and demanded that he pick on someone his own size. Bucky was a decent sized fellow and pretty strong even before the Army, and gave the guy a good beating and sent him no his way. I think that’s why you’ve always been so protective of Peter. I’ve always known that you had Bucky’s spirit.”
Tony went up and tried to pull Peter to him for a hug but Peter pushed Tony away and ran back upstairs. Tony glared at Dad before going after him. Dad gave a defeated sigh before gathering the dinner dishes and taking them to the kitchen. I followed and grabbed the broom and dustpan to clean up the broken glass that was still scattered across the dining room.
“No.” I said
I thanked them and they went on about their day and Peter went back upstairs to get ready for school. Tony sat next to me on the couch and put his arm around me.
“Sup?” MJ said, leaning her back against the shelf
“Eleanor, you may see him at school but nothing more, that’s my final decision and I will make sure Tony knows it.”
I immediately called MJ and we spent the rest of the evening talking about what was to come Friday night. She agreed to come over after school, as she and Ned always did on Fridays, and help me get ready.
After a long night at the hospital and finally parting ways so Thor could take Loki home to rest before the funeral arrangements were made, I went home. Peter was still awake and rushed to me as I walked in the door. He was crying as hard as Loki was at the hospital.
“Uh huh,  your fake dad doesn’t approve” MJ rolled her eyes
“You sure?” Tony persisted
“Ellie?” Tony’s voice tore me from my thoughts
“Where’s your father?” I asked
“Yeah, a parent who spends all his time downstairs drinking.”
I ignored her comment. I didn’t want Loki to arrive and ring the buzzer, so I had to think of something quick.
“I’m going to assume it didn’t go well at all?”
We went to the elevator and he pushed the button for the 19th floor. When we arrived, the doors opened into a large formal living area.
“Yeah.” Tony agreed “I have a right to know what intentions you have with my daughter”
“Sure”
“Nothing” he shrugged it off, but he still had a pout
“You don’t even live here anymore! You’re not even my real father, you can’t make these decisions for me anymore!” I shouted
“You both are the worst.” I said to my dads as I went to join MJ in the kitchen but paused in the dining room as I overheard them talking to each other.
“We can go back to your place too I guess. I have math homework” MJ groaned
“Thanks, Bucky”
I opened my locker to find that a red envelope had been slid inside I opened it up and smiled to find a card embroidered with roses, with a note from Loki.
“Tony just needs some time to think. Pepper is going to be here with you and Peter.”
“Hey Dad” Peter said with a mouthful of fruit snacks
Downstairs Dad was trying his best to act as if everything was completely normal. He had Bucky hiding in one of the guest quarters down the hall when Pepper and Peter came home.
“True. What’s happening with that?” she asked
I walked in and awkwardly shifted my weight from foot to foot until he offered me a chair. I sat down and he sat on the edge of the bed. He was staring at me again so I gave him a look.
“Have you heard from Dad yet?” I asked as I perched myself on the stool next to Tony
“No you’re not!” I laughed sarcastically
“Happy is”
“No, actually I haven’t” I pulled my phone out of my pocket “He was supposed to call last night”
I nodded. My “grandfather” had an alcohol problem and when he was drunk, which was almost always, he liked to push his wife around. Dad always tried to come to her defense, which usually left him with a few bruises himself.
“Yep.”
Tony ruffled Peter’s hair and went over to the liquor cabinet, pouring himself another drink. He took a sip, peering over the glass at us.
“Nothing. My dad’s away for work, you know how I get when he’s gone”
He just laughed and gave me a quick kiss on the cheek, which Tony didn’t approve of at all but Loki was already gone before he could protest.
I gave Tony a hug and he turned to go back down to the lab. I suddenly remembered something.
“Does tonight work for you?” I asked “Might as well go ahead and get it out of the way…”
“Da...Steve?” I struggled to find the right words “He said that you weren’t there”
I stopped and looked at Loki. He was sat up in the bed and I noticed that he was on top of the covers and thankfully still dressed in the same clothes from last night.
“Oh my god.” I buried my face in my hands
“Yeah.” I mumbled
“Oh no.” I whispered out loud
I watched a middle aged man walk to the counter. More waiting.
He nodded profusely before scurrying away.
“Not like that.” Peter said “What did Dad mean, Steve never loved him?”
“I must be going. It’s a school night.” Loki said and I was sure he was more than ready to get out of there
“Before moving here my father told me that I am adopted.”
“Where’s Dad?” I asked, noticing that it was pretty quiet in the house
“I wonder who he’s going after.” Loki pondered when I was done with the story
“Dude are you ok?” MJ said as my teammates gathered around me, some laughing
After volleyball practice MJ insisted she go home with me so we could work on math homework together, but once we were in my room I realized that was not what she had intended to do.
“Oh…hi” I said, swallowing as I looked at my father who was leaning against the door frame.
“I’ll be there.”
“What are you going to do?” he asked
My eyes lingered on Dad for a moment before I turned to walk away. I still couldn’t talk to him, and he didn’t have a clue what to say to me. Things had become awkward and it hurt. I pushed my emotions down and walked to school.
“Loki.”
I returned the smile and before I knew it I was telling him the entire story about my birth certificate. He sat back and was speechless for a moment once I had finished. I waited for a reaction.
“Not exactly.” he said as he ran a hand through his long hair
“Daddy?” I squealed into the phone as soon as I answered it
“I’m not fine with this. You’re the one asking for a divorce”
Tony chuckled at our responses, taking another sip.
“Oh hi girls. How was school?” Dad said as he stopped beating the bag with his fist
“I don’t know, kiddo.”
Pepper came in then and gave us a sympathetic look. I returned it with one full of confusion.
I sat there for a moment, eyeing the man who still had not taken his eyes off of me, processing the information I had received.
“Yeah.”
“I’m just as capable of taking care of these kids as you are”
“I had swooned; but still will not say that all of consciousness was lost. What of it there remained I will not attempt to define, or even to describe, yet all was not lost.” Loki began to read “In the deepest slumber--no! In delirium--no! In a swoon --No! In death--no! Even in the grave, all is not lost”
“I’m going to go get coffee.” Thor finally said “You want any?”
“Hey, sweetheart” my dad’s voice said on the other line
“I’m serious. I want to meet this ‘Loki’, and his family.”
“Morning kiddo.” I heard from the kitchen as my step dad stepped into the doorway, his favorite coffee mug from the CERN museum in his hand  “You going to eat breakfast?”
“Oh..well..” Tony swallowed another gulp “Steve had to go to work honey”
“Oh? Have you thought about your family at all?”
“I’ll go find him. Try to talk to him about it”
“Hey, listen Loki” I sat forward “I haven’t told anyone about this, and I don’t really want my brother knowing”
“She’s had a stroke. We are at the hospital”
“Are you and Dad getting a divorce?” Peter asked
“Eleanor, this is my mother, Frigga.” Loki smiled at us
“Not that girl stuff.” I hit his shoulder
“Tony!” I groaned, looking up at him
Peter’s bottom lip stuck out and his eyes watered. I reached over and took his hand.
“I have a new novel I’d like for you to read” Loki said, turning his back to his brother in attempt to forget he was there
“True” I sniffed
“Yeah, I’m sure he will.” I sighed, looking at my phone for the hundredth time
“Uh” Loki said again “I assure you that I have every intention to treat Eleanor with the utmost respect. There is no need to rush into anything, I am enjoying just getting to know her.”
“We can’t leave her like that” Thor said sullenly
“What the frick?” I asked
Loki and I went our separate ways and I went to my first class. The day went by slowly but eventually it was time for study hall. Loki was already there and had commandeered our usual table in the back corner. I sat down and began to tell him everything my dad had told me about my real father and about the fight between him and Tony.
“What the shit?” he yelled
“Honestly right now I think I’m mad at the world.”
“Yes, this is the girl I told you about from school”
“By eight minutes.” I whispered with a smile “I won’t tell if you won’t”
-----
Natasha paused and I looked up at her. Her face was stone.
“It’s okay, he doesn’t bother me. I know how brothers can be, although mine’s younger and a dork.” I said as I walked over to one of the bookshelves and ran my finger along a line of books
“Tony!” I exclaimed as I cried
“Well? Have you?” Tony asked
“You must be Thor.” I said
“I don’t think I should say”
“Is this seat taken” an accented voice asked
“Oh.” Peter said with relief “So like, boys?”
Everyone gathered around me to look me over, ask me where I had been, why I didn’t call. Everyone except for my dad. He just stood still, staring at me. I tried to read his face but I couldn’t.
“Yes.” He looked up at me then “Loki.”
“No!” I exclaimed “It wasn’t like that. Nothing happened, I swear.”
After two painfully boring days I was back at school. Everyone kept staring at me and whispering to each other, but I didn’t care what they thought. I knew what I did was right. I headed to my locker between periods where I saw Flash walking in my direction. He had tape across his nose, which was swollen and bruised. He saw me and his eyes widened.
“I don’t like it” Dad said, but let it go
Dad kissed the top of my head and headed downstairs
“Uhm..”
“I can’t.” I said “I’m so nervous that Dad’s going to scare him away”
“Up. Stairs.”
“Your funeral” MJ shrugged
“Eleanor.” I answered “Yours?”
“I’m going to the play” I said as I turned around
“Not according to this” the lady said, annoyance dripping through her words as she pushed a piece of paper across the countertop
“No you’re not” I muttered
“Dude. Your dads are watching a movie”
“Just checking in. How are you today?”
There was silence as he continued to read his textbook. I looked back down at the blank page of my notebook, trying to remember which class I needed to make notes for.
“I look like him.” I finally spoke
“Hi” I said shyly
“I’d love to see Anastasia, but I wouldn’t expect you to want to see that. Are there any that interest you?”
I ended the conversation with a heart emoji and opened a new text.
I looked back to the stands and had hoped Loki hadn’t seen the accident but he was looking right at me, his brow furrowed in concern. I shot him a thumbs up as my cheeks reddened in embarrassment. After practice the coach reminded us of the game we had Thursday and we were dismissed. I hurried to the locker room to change and rushed out the door.
“Let’s go. Hurry” I said as I let myself into his car
“Good. That’s how it should be.” Dad relaxed a bit but still kept an aggressive demeanor about him “I have guns, you know”
“What do your parents do?” Tony asked as he eyed him
“You’re just going to give up?!” Loki shouted as he shoved Thor’s hand away
“Yes”
“He’s sentimental like that.” I smiled dreamily before peeking over “No love notes from Thor?”
The rest of the day carried on without event and soon the bell rung, indicating the end of school and that the weekend was finally here. I grabbed some things out of my locker and walked out of the front of the school to wait for my brother and our friends.  Peter and his best friend, Ned, showed up first and I could instantly tell Peter was bothered by something.
“Come on. Let’s get our mind off this bullshit”
“I never said I agree with it.” Tony sighed “I just think she’s smarter than you give her credit for.”
“I can’t do this. Not today. I want to go home” I said, tugging at the car door handle
“I can’t” he said “She’s the only one who’s ever understood me”
“He allowed you to go out like that.”
Peter and I went downstairs and found our fathers standing in the living room. The two couldn’t have been further apart from each other and still be in the same room. Dad stood in the on the right side, closer to the stairs., with his hands shoved into his jean pockets. Tony stood by the door that lead to the dining room with his arms crossed over his torso, a glass of whiskey held in one of his hands. Peter and I glanced at each other nervously as we sat down on the couch.
“Uhmm..” I tried to interject
“Not at all.”  Loki shook his head
“He seems like a good kid, Tony” Dad said “Even though I still don’t like the idea”
Thor continued to hold onto my arms tight as I struggled to try to get at the jerk.
“Ellie, it’s fine.” Dad finally spoke “That isn’t what I want to talk to you about.”
I jumped and Dad sighed, his shoulders slumped as he looked at Tony.
I ran down the stairs and past Thor who called after me but I ignored him. I ran out the door and down the street toward the nearest subway station. For the entire ride to Midtown I was full of anxiety. I knew my dad was going to be furious with me for not coming home last night. Tony would be furious that I didn’t let them know where I was. Peter was probably worried sick. For the first time that morning I pulled out my phone and my chest tightened as I saw the amount of missed calls. Dad a hundred times, Tony and Peter just as much, Rhodey, Aunt Natasha, Uncle Clint, MJ, MJ’s mom, Pepper, my volleyball coach. Everyone I knew had called me at least once.  I was screwed. I was also surprised that I wasn’t among the faces on the missing poster inside the car I was in.
“Thank you”
“Really?” I asked
“I know you’re upset.”
“I’m not going to bed. I want to get to know Eleanor here” He said, winking at me
“Put a shirt on” I said teasingly
“Goodnight”
“Oh, I’m full of surprises,” Loki said slyly as he took the book from my hand “Come”
“Yes, it’s very nice to meet you” Loki said, polite as always
I nodded
“I’m so sorry” I said quietly “Do you want me to stay?”
Dad looked hurt by my comment but before he could say anything I was already halfway up the stairs on the way to my room. I flung myself across my bed and sobbed into the covers. Peter heard me and came in to see what was wrong. He laid down next to me and placed a hand on my back as I cried, trying to console me.
Dad held out his hand. I looked at it and he appeared to be holding a piece of paper. I reached for it and once it was in my hand I realized that it wasn’t paper, but a photograph. Two men, one being my dad, in their Army uniforms were sat at a bar.
“I know I shouldn’t have stayed out all night, but I was upset and didn’t want to come home”
Tony put me down and everyone backed away, giving me space. Peter leaned over and whispered in my ear.
“Wow he was serious” I said in amazement
Bucky smiled at me but I could tell he didn’t know what to do. To be honest, I didn’t either. I didn’t know if I should hug him or just walk away. I chose the latter, not sure if he was ready for a hug yet. I thanked him again for buying me breakfast and stood from the table.
“I’m still coming”
The man didn’t speak.  I studied his face more, something familiar about it. Long brown hair hung from under his hat, placed carefully behind his ears.
I could mentally see Loki’s smiling which made me smile as well. We’d get through this somehow, just like everything else.
“Oops” Peter said as he quickly shoved more pizza into his mouth to prevent himself from saying something else
“They’re ok. Tony’s working”
“They’ve been fighting a lot since he got home” Peter said nervously
“Seriously? Peter you’ve got to learn to stick up for yourself.” I sighed
“Anytime. I’ll be downstairs if you need me”
The next morning I went downstairs to find Peter eating a bowl of cereal and watching cartoons in the living room. The house was quiet otherwise and I went to the room Bucky had stayed in. The door was open, the bed was neatly made, and it was empty. The duffle bag that had been in the floor was gone, and so was Bucky.
“Steve!” Pepper exclaimed
“He thinks Dad’s being dramatic”
“Oh.” Loki frowned
“Happy told me you ran out. Got scared?” Tony came in and sat on the edge of my bed
“I don’t understand. How? Why?”
“...and I was in love with him.”
“Hi” he said almost as quiet
“And me!” MJ reminded
I swallowed hard
“If you don’t tell her the truth soon, you will.”
The sound of the door opening didn’t seem to distract us from our staredown. Not even Dad’s voice drew me away.
“Don’t you ever scare me like that again, do you understand me, Ellie?” he said, grasping the back of my head
“It was school”
A short time later a woman appeared from the hallway. She wore a long dress with a shaw around her shoulders. Her hair was pinned up perfectly. She smiled warmly as she saw us standing in front of the fireplace.
“Is everything alright?” Loki asked
“Learn this now,” Loki’s voice deepened in a playful tone “I’m always right”
“Keep an eye on him, would you?” Tony asked
“No it isn’t! I can’t take it anymore, all of this screaming. Just stop it!” Peter began to cry
