“Christ John cut me some slack.” Lloyd leaned his head back and  pinched the bridge of his nose. “It’s not like your mother was a poster child  for humanity either.”
“No.” Sherlock’s voice was firm and harsh and the room shook  as his temper flared. “I really don’t think you will.”
Lloyd sat back in his chair and whistled a haunting melody.  Lestrade felt his dual nature stir, the fox and the wolverine raising their  hackles at the sound but remaining hidden.
“You can't kill me John! Not like  this,” Lloyd laughed startling John into loosening his grip, “I'm  not some grasping little fey lord playing at power. And you boy,  you're nothing but a bastard!”
Sherlock recoiled as if slapped, his mouth puckering into  the sourest expression John had ever seen.
Precisely two hours later a  regrettably sober John Watson stood facing endless pews filled with  the intense gazes of the rich and powerful with the soon to be prince  of the realm by his side. He idly wondered how he got here as  Sherlock took his arm and led him between the rows of seats with a  defiant and determined expression.
“I’m surprised your brother hasn’t put a stop to this.” John  stepped over the legs of a thin purple man who wore nothing but a loincloth and  a battered top hat. The man blinked, eyeing John with a kind of hunger that  turned conciliatory at Sherlock’s challenging glare.
Harsh and angry whispers filtered through the haze in Lestrade’s  head as he bit his lip to curb a pained groan. He felt like he’d gone ten  rounds in a bar room brawl and not come out the victor. He raised a shaky hand  to his temple and opened gritty eyelids to find his beloved idiot of a dragon engaged  with idiot junior while they hissed and spit at each other like deranged alley  cats.
Greg laughed and flashed his cheeky  grin. “You are a charmer, Mycroft Holmes, but don’t think I won’t  use this to my advantage when I have you laid out in my bed tonight.”
“Of course Lesrade.” Sherlock brushed non-existent wrinkles  from his suit jacket and pulled the hem down to settle on his slim hips. “I should  think you would appreciate the fact we took the most expedient method to arrive  here in a timely manner.”
"He's upstairs doing homework right now, could you possibly come back another time?" she suggested, not looking as though she was offering much of a choice in the matter.
"That couch probably has more bug colonies than even I can identify." John warned, lingering now by the cold hearth. It wasn't a particularly chilly day; however inside the house it seemed especially cold. He wished now that they had some logs to throw in, and a fire to start. The house would be made much cozier if they had a fire to curl up next to, and some heat to shed on the century of chills.
"Well yes, certainly there's records on this house that we do not know of. Surely his name must be somewhere in history." Sherlock insisted.
"I was out researching, with a student of mine. I'm sorry; we've been in the woods this whole time. I suppose I was just out of range, I hadn't thought to check the time until it was too late." John admitted with a sigh.
He flinched at a tentative knock. “John?” Sherlock whispered.  John knew this was ridiculous. It was all a part of the long, distant past and  Sherlock was his future. At least he hoped he was.
John struggled for a moment then gave up and relaxed in the  dragon’s grip. It wasn’t the first time Sherlock’s impatience had earned him a  surprise flight. It actually felt rather pleasant cradled in the Dragon’s claws  with the wind from beneath the elegant wings swirling around him.
“Oh come on Mycroft, what’s a  wedding without a family fight? I feel properly married now.” Greg  bumped his shoulder into Mycroft’s who smiled back indulgently.
“Wait a minute.” Lestrade shook Lloyd. “Does this have  anything to do with the video game you were talking about?”
The water felt good against his  aching muscles, warm and soothing. He stood beneath the spray,  working his fingers through his golden hair until it shined with an  unearthly glow. His jaguar paced beneath his skin, restless and  alert, as if it knew it shared the space with something that didn’t  belong there.
Lloyd frowned and shook his head before John could speak.  “Sorry my boy but it’s better this way believe me. No one’s getting out of this  with just tooth and claw.”
John could swear he felt the touch  of the tip of an umbrella on his shoulder as if the blade of a sword  had bestowed knighthood upon him but when he raised his head Mycroft  had not moved. Greg’s face held a look of dawning realization mixed  with resignation. But he graced John with a smile as he inched even  closer to Mycroft’s side.
There was an undercurrent of power in this room. Homeless  didn’t mean helpless and the more intelligent officers saddled with this  particular duty knew it. If they were smart they treated their charges with  respect, processing them through quickly to a staging area where they were  offered showers and food and then, if they had no outstanding warrants, were  sent back out on the street again with a warning. Everyone knew this was all  for show and most played their parts with little complaint.
Well here we are again after a very long time. It's been almost two years since I've updated this story though not because I didn't want to. In my early 30's I needed several surgeries on both eyes. One eye survived, the other did not. Almost 20 years later I experienced problems once again in my good eye. I needed surgery, and due to complications was left blind for several months, almost a year. The good news is that I have regained the sight in that eye and I'm just starting to write again. So thank you all so much for your kind comments and sticking with me for so long. Every word and kudo means a lot to me and I truly appreciate all of you. - Mary
“Enough!” Lestrade slipped a pair of handcuffs from the  pocket of his coat and secured Lloyd’s hands behind his back. “I’ve suddenly  decided you’re less witness and more suspect Mr. Artisian or whatever you  choose to call yourself these days so you’ll be coming with me.”
“Nice to know you’re good for something,” Lestrade sniped  and Lloyd huffed. John couldn’t help the giggle that rose up from the  disgruntled look on his father’s face.
“He doesn’t look very worried does he,” Lestrade remarked as  Sherlock and John came to stand beside him.
Lloyd smirked. “You should be. Go on a few raids with  someone and they start to open up you know? Especially if they’ve had a few. It  gets boring waiting for shit to happen. They tell you stuff. You tell them  stuff. We got to talking and it turned out we had a few things in common.”
Sherlock sniffed as they followed the Inspector into the dim  interior of the old warehouse. “Really Lestrade I would think that your  ill-considered fraternization with my brother would have at least improved your  vocabulary.”
“Yeah, well you wouldn’t be here at all if it weren’t for me  sunshine so hand it over.” Greg flexed his fingers and raised his eyebrows then  grinned and relented at Sherlock’s petulant scowl. “Look I’ll give it to Molly  personally. You can analyze it yourself but only within the lab, you’re not  taking it home.”
Mycroft huffed in exasperation. “Very  well brother mine. But I expect you both there within the hour.”
Lestrade grimaced and forced himself to rise from the sofa.  He ignored the creak of his bones but was grateful the ache in his head had  subsided. “I suppose we should go after the scaly git if only for John’s sake.”
“Champagne?” A servant in crisp  white livery appeared at John’s elbow with a polished silver tray.  A very large, and if John was not mistaken, very expensive bottle and  four glasses of cut crystal sat upon it.
“Look this is all a misunderstanding.” Lloyd squirmed  uncomfortably as Lestrade’s claws dug into his skin. “Besides everything was  rigged and I don’t owe anything to a bunch of cheaters!”
Sherlock’s face contorted with pain and his dragon nature faded  until he crumpled to the floor returned to his human form.
“You, John Watson, are so much  more than what you’ve been led to believe,” Sherlock replied with  a growl. “Now stop complaining. This is my brother’s wedding and  we must not fail in our duty and responsibility to represent the  house of Dragon.”
John’s face flamed in embarrassment as passersby muttered at  how unseemly it was for a creature so large to shift in a public  right-of-way.  He pushed away the tail  that cradled him and stood with hands on hips. “Dammit Sherlock we can just  take a cab! This is completely unnecessary and downright rude.”
“It’s not my crown,” John  snapped, “and I have never regretted returning from an active war  zone as much as I do now.”
He threw back his golden head and roared as the jaguar’s  claws pierced his skin and ripped the tattoo from its site. Ignoring the ragged  gash that was already healing he transformed fully and pounced at the same time  the wolverine leaped from the other side.
“Hey look that wasn’t all me! You think your mother was  always easy to live with? She had a mouth on her like …”
John’s eyes narrowed. He flicked out  his claws and slashed his arm, tearing the mark from his skin.
Lloyd shrugged and gave a tip of an imaginary hat as he  followed his son out into the hall. Lestrade sighed and hurried to catch up with  them.
Sherlock straightened his cuffs and  grabbed John’s hand pulling him away from Mycroft and Greg. “We’ll  meet you there.”
John glared at his right arm. The  skin was whole but the Mark had returned, faint but visible. He rose,  careful not to disturb his slumbering dragon, and stumbled to the  shower.
“Shut up.” Sherlock growled but took John’s hand in his and  pulled him through the crowd, catching the lift just before the doors closed.
Sherlock and Mycroft stared at him like he’d just said the  Queen wasn’t human. Which she wasn’t, but no one else was supposed to know  that.
The Met was noisy and crowded and stank of unwashed bodies  and stale coffee. The current government favored regular roundups of the  homeless in certain areas and there were people sitting on whatever level  surface was available, including the floor, waiting to be processed. Two of  them were half-shifted into bird form and were squawking at each other in an  irritating high pitched whine. One woman sat wrapped in rags rocking back and  forth and crooning to herself in a language older than London. She looked up as  Sherlock swept in, coat swirling, and winked at him. Sherlock nodded in  acknowledgement and slipped her a few notes and a folded slip of paper as he  strode by. John paid little attention, used to these kinds of exchanges taking  place on a frequent basis.
“He may not need us at his back Mr.  Artisian,” Mycroft said while Greg flexed his claws beside him,  “but he most definitely has us.”
“Semantics Johnny semantics. It’s what I’m using now and  that’s all that matters.” Lloyd’s smile was blinding. “Besides it’s not like  the one I gave your mum was original either.”
John squared his shoulders and forced his jaw to unclench.  He took a few deep breaths then opened the door.
Lestrade wasn’t in his office when they arrived but a  nervous young constable directed them to the interrogation rooms. John’s father  sat in a low chair while handcuffed to a bolted down metal table behind one-way  glass. Lestrade peered through the window taking in the man’s slouching posture  and unconcerned expression.
Outside everything was still. Sherlock was left hanging in  mid-air with a man clamped in his jaws while Mycroft was standing like a statue,  the claws of one hand wrapped around the neck of an attacker while the other  was plucking a spear out of the sky. All around them acolytes were frozen in  various states of battle or retreat. No sounds disturbed the scene. It was as  if the whole world were in stasis waiting to see what they would be released  into.
“Really Lestrade it’s obvious.” Sherlock’s cheeks were  wreathed in scales and the tips of his horns peeked through his hair. He  pointed a spidery finger at Lloyd. “They are still playing the game and John’s  father is the prize or rather something he is carrying.”
Sherlock’s cry of triumph choked off as the figures took  shape once more and solidified around Sherlock, their hands wrapped around the  vulnerable flesh of his throat. They hummed a low buzzing chant and squeezed.
“Don’t think you’re getting  out of standing up there too,” Greg announced from beside him, his  smug grin turning gleeful at the look of horror on John’s face. “We  need another body to balance things out and I thought it might be  better to spring it on you at the last minute. Figured it would help  diminish the flight risk.”
"I had the strangest dream." Sherlock was saying as they marched out the front door and onto the porch, finding now that the cloudy skies had changed to rain.
"You're not going to take me along?" she muttered quietly. John blinked, looking towards his wife as if she had just sprouted another head.
"Hm, thought not. Then you'd have taken all of your things, and that giant poster is still hanging in your bedroom. You know, the one with all the soldiers on it?" Reggie said with a little snicker. John hesitated, looking over to Sherlock with something of a surprised glance. Reggie chuckled, and Sherlock ducked away just to give him a good slap on the arm.
"Ya, I do now. I just got the deed a couple of days ago, God. It feels like ages but...ever since then I've felt crazy." John admitted quietly.
"Had I not told you before? I'm to take Sherlock along, he's got an interest with one of the professors from Harvard, and wanted to talk to him about..."
"No, don't show me now, come on." John groaned, feeling his face go quite red as he remembered the blinds were open, and anyone who would care to look in would find John watching as his student undressed before him. Then again, just as soon as John managed to feel embarrassed, Sherlock had pulled back his shirt enough to reveal the same sort of white skin as depicted in the picture. The same bone structure, revealed through the same thinness, and in that same spot where Sherlock had promised...
"Careful dear." Mrs. Hudson warned, walking carefully around the car as she unearthed a gigantic skeleton key from her bag. "Isn't it lovely? Oh, so wonderful to know it has such nice owners!"
"If I'm not a burden, well...does she insist?" Sherlock asked a bit nervously, his eyes narrowing in some suspicion.
"No it's not. How many other keys have you seen, that are made of this thick iron?" Sherlock challenged.
"Yes, I think it is." Mrs. Hudson agreed, nodding as she finally turned down an old dirt path, just a mere patch in the grass that must have been a driveway when this house had visitors. It was odd...in fact, it was more than odd when John first saw the house. He was amazed, of course he was amazed! It was a fantastic structure, looming in the distance like one of those ancient Victorian houses, that sort which was very obviously just an excuse to show off how much money the original owners possessed. Back in the old times they couldn't waste their money on electronics or music, and so all of their wasted inheritance was put into infrastructure and architecture, and thus producing such a house which stood before him today. The house was breathtaking, or at least John felt as though he should've been breathless. He figured that he should've been taken aback, amazed even, at what sort of house he had inherited. And yet, for whatever reason, he wasn't surprised. For whatever reason a small part of him knew this was coming, a part of his brain that hadn't come to life until now. John looked upon the house and immediately recognized it, from some place or another, and he knew exactly what to expect as they drew nearer. The tall, looming windows coupled with the cement stairway leading up to the ancient oak door, he felt as though he had seen this all once before! There was a porch stretching all around the house, with a greenhouse off to the left, overcome now with weeds and vines, all sorts of plants which grew in once it had been left unkempt for so long. And there was a pond, something small yet impressive all the same, with a little dock rotting down into the mud. The place was indeed a little rundown, as the white paint was peeling down in long steady strips, and some windows had been replaced with boards, presumably from when it had been officially condemned. Yet all together the wood seemed to be intact, the structure didn't look flimsy. In fact, it looked as tall and proud as it must have when it had first been built. And yet that had to have been hundreds of years ago, a hundred years of living, a hundred years of rotting- and still here the house stood, tall and proud. As if it had been waiting for someone to come and salvage it before long.
Uncle Sam." Mary corrected quickly. John sighed heavily, shaking his head and grabbing his hat from the hook where it usually sat. He anticipated there might be a bunch of digging about through the less desirable parts of the house, those that he hadn't dared explore until now. He didn't know if there was an attic, yet there was most certainly a basement, and who knew what was down there? He had boots on, just in case there was any water to be stepping through, yet all the same he had dressed himself sharply and properly. He didn't want to be caught looking a mess, even if it was a mess he had to wallow through.
"Watson it is past...he is past and I do best to forget about him when my mind allows it." Holmes managed in a very small, pained voice.
"I don't think it's happy with us." John agreed with a sigh, unlocking his office door and stepping inside.
"Got no secrets to keep, Greg." He debated, to which Greg gave a great huff, and didn't look very convinced.
are you doing here?" John challenged, sounding almost angry to see Sherlock in his midst once again.
"Holmes, are you going to go off to bed?" I asked carefully, knowing it best not to disturb him, yet wanting to make aware my presence all the same. Surely it would not be too much to make sure he still did remember my being here, for it might be embarrassing to him to realize that his emotional spectacle was being observed. And, just as predicted, the man perked up with the sound of my voice. He blinked quickly, flattening the papers against his chest and forcing one of those sarcastic smiles which he so often wore insincerely.
"I would, I really would. It's mine, isn't it? Does it go along with this ring, hm? Is it from my lover?" Sherlock asked anxiously, just now making a lunge. Thankfully John was quicker than that, and he scampered away from Sherlock's long limbs and avoided him once more. That very question sickened John to the core, yet he shook his head once again.
"Is that it?" Mary interrupted eagerly, suddenly ignoring the potholes as she craned her neck as close to the windshield as she could get, pointing excitedly at the looming shape of a house through the trees and shadows.
"Here he is." Sherlock said finally, handing John the paper so that he could take a look. He sighed heavily, turning it towards himself and looking rather grimly down at the face. It was undeniably beautiful, someone John would certainly have no fighting chance against. Perhaps this drawing wasn't entirely accurate, maybe Sherlock was playing up his beauty in his own hopes of getting matched up with someone as attractive. It was a perfectly sculpted face, something quite like Sherlock's except a bit more mischievous looking, with dark eyes that were obviously thinking many different things at once. There were no colors visible, yet his hair was swooped across his forehead in such a way that made it obvious he used a fair amount of product, and his thin lips were poised into something of a devious smile. John saw the face and knew at once that it belonged to the stranger he had seen in that feverish vision, that face that had been with Sherlock up atop that green table, most likely the billiards table from Sherlock's own dream. And so here it was, John's undoing. The crashing and burning of his hopes of perhaps being the only man in Sherlock's life, the only one from both of his lives.
"God, I hope not. I don't want to go back there ever again. I've had it with that entire country." He complained.
"I always thought a family was something of an overrated concept." Sherlock admitted quietly. John paused for a moment, wondering whether or not he agreed for just a moment. "Freedom, that's what I aspire to have."
"John you need to get yourself tested, I know you don't want to think about it, but we didn't use..."
"Ah, there you are dear." Mary said with a smile, walking over to her husband and giving him a little kiss of hello. John felt a little bit embarrassed, for he really didn't like is wife fussing over him in front of guests, yet being as though his guest was Sherlock really made it all the more annoying. Mary was all dressed up, evidently having put herself together last minute so as to appease the guest. She tied her long blonde hair up into a braid, and was wearing a sensible purple blouse.
"I um..." John faltered for a moment, rubbing his face in some exasperation as he realized now just how stupid he had just made himself look. The irrationality of his actions began to set down on him with a crushing weight, and he was suddenly very embarrassed about the force he had used, the fear. A simple conversation might have sufficed, to clear this matter up once and for all. "I believe you. I'm sorry I think...I think I must have mistaken you for someone else."
"I told you, I'm done." Sherlock growled, trying to pry himself away all the while John stopped dead in his tracks, ensuring that Sherlock couldn't take another step away from his office. Surely the boy had to realize that he had been beaten? The rest of the crowd all moved past, muttering little complaints yet never anything vulgar enough to offend one of their professors. Most graduate students had a least an inkling of respect, which was demonstrated of course by their decency to go around.
"I've seen this, I just don't know when." He admitted quietly. John hesitated, his mind immediately jumping now to the man in his house. Well if this stranger had seen the key, perhaps he really had been sneaking around! Yet just as soon as the idea came to John's mind, he disregarded it. Once again, he was letting his own delusions get the better of him.
"I feel as though I have been left with no other choice." Sherlock admitted quietly. John nodded quickly, yet he really did have a hard time containing his smile. Finally, finally he was not alone in this madness.
"Little mysteries." Sherlock repeated quietly, dropping his attention from the ring yet not sliding it off just yet. John frowned, for he really didn't like the look of it on Sherlock's usually unburdened hand. This mystery man wasn't even named, yet he already seemed to have Sherlock entranced to the point of engagement! It sickened John to even think of such things. Sherlock took to investigating one side of the desk drawers while John rather absent mindedly pulled open another side, poking about in the contents to find what looked to be a leather bag filled with something heavy.
"But you're going to have to be, I'm afraid." John muttered, looking over towards his companion with an incredibly soft expression. It looked like appreciation, or perhaps something more serious than that.
"Well I don't, really. I just sort of had a piece of paper, and drew it on a whim. It's rubbish anyway, I'm a bad artist." John managed with a little chuckle.
It wasn't natural. Well that was at least John's impression upon the state of the house...the spotless state of things since they had been left how many years ago. The more he sifted through what should've been the ruins, the more he found that the house was just as structurally sound as its last owners had left it. Well of course there was the dust; all old things have dust, coupled of with white sheets that were still perfectly pristine, hanging over all the lumps of furniture that sat about the house in their original places. It looked so perfect, so perfect that he honestly couldn't tell why anyone would leave it in such a state. He could only guess to who had done all the cleaning up, maybe the last owners in their flight, or rather someone who had come only after the rest of the world realized the house was empty. Yet how did it stay so well preserved? How was it that almost all of the house was in its original state, save for the occasional mouse, or dust pile? It seemed almost too good to be true, which was something John knew a lot about these days. Disappointments were only too prevalent in his life, and so he had trained himself not to trust things that seem so perfect. Family members who should be loyal, or friends who seemed to never fail. And houses...houses that were as old as his oldest ancestor, yet still in the perfect living condition today. John was no expert on architecture, or carpentry, but he had a keen knack for knowing that there was something off. And this house, well it fared very well on the scale of peculiarity. There was something quite wrong with it, even if everything did seem perfectly in order. When they had first stepped inside, John had asked Mrs. Hudson who was taking care of the place. She claimed that no one had been in here since it had been last shut down (the cause of which she seemed to deliberately avoid), and that the key had been sitting in Town Hall, with the structure condemned for the last century. It was odd, then, just how perfect the house still was. Just how impressive its stature could be. The inside was every bit as magnificent as the outside, for the house was decorated in the late Victorian fashion, with all the money that had been put into it still evident in the golden trim, and the marble statues hidden in alcoves in the walls, or the oil paintings that hung just about everywhere. Even the ceiling was painted, when you craned your neck in the foyer and in the dining room, past the chandeliers you could just make out scenes of men on the ceiling. John wasn't entirely sure what the murals depicted, as he was so far up, all he knew was that it was drawn like an old Renascence painting, like those which depicted Bible stories. There were so many soft colors, coupled then with the color of human skin. Well of course it had been playing on his mind for as long as he could remember, ever since that deed fell into his hands he had been asking himself just what it meant, what it was all for. It had only been a day since he took his first tour, yet now he found himself returned, with that old key in his hands, wandering aimlessly around these halls as if he knew them by heart. As if he belonged here, to a certain extent, even if there was no one left to welcome him home. John wandered through the foyer, staring up at the golden chandelier, dark for ages now, which hung above his head on a sturdy cord. He had to wonder how such a thing could stay up there for so long, how the roof could even support so much weight for ages. The magnificent staircase curled before him, the stone stairs draped in red velvet, and the numerous hallways stretching into the larger rooms, such as the dining room and ballroom. John moved then to the statues, those that had been covered in spider's webs from the house's newest occupants. Insects and rodents seemed to be prevalent, yet their damage could not be seen. Their presence was obvious, yet it was interesting, really, that the creatures had not left more of a mark. John had seen the damage that rats could do, in his old basement they used to chew through cushions and cardboard boxes in a single night! How the furniture could be completely unscathed then, seemed to be a mystery he could not solve. It was as if the house had its own life force, had its own regeneration, and it was keeping the creatures loyal to it in exchange for refuge. John sighed, starting up the magnificent staircase, draped in velvet carpet that showed no sign of age. It was so...well it was so wrong! How was there not water damage, or mouse poop, or even a single loose thread! John walked up the stairway now with a little bit more determination, clenching his jaw and holding fast to his flashlight. While there was still enough light to see by coming in through the window, he was still armed with such a thing just in case he found anything he needed to explore with artificial light, such as a deep wardrobe, or under a bed. He knew there were treasures hidden about here, the house itself was so rich and old and expensive, certainly its occupants had a secret stash of money, or gold? John had gone through the whole house before, yet that was when he was accompanied. Mrs. Hudson and Mary had been at his side, deterring his sense of adventure, and his sense of belonging. He knew that he couldn't wander aimlessly while they were at his heels, he knew that he couldn't stray towards the places that beckoned him the most, he couldn't meander down the hallway, down a path that had supported his feet before. Oh why did it feel as though he had already been here before, long before? Before that key ever found its way into his hands, before he had proper ownership of this house? Well perhaps this house really was a family heirloom, and he had been here with his parents when he was still small. Maybe they had taken him to see the house, with their own key? His grandparents had died when he was very young, maybe they had taken him to the house before they passed, and gave the house to his father who wanted nothing to do with it? Yet still, that would only allot for about thirty years, and Mrs. Hudson said the house had been empty for a century! Condemned, even though it showed no signs of withering. And besides, John's family wasn't even English. He was American, and he was quite sure he's never crossed the ocean before. John sighed heavily, shaking his head and deciding that it was best not to ponder this house's history, or its ghost stories. It was unnerving enough as it was, simply being alone in the middle of the woods, with curtains drawn over the windows to create its own artificial darkness. John found himself standing in the doorway of one of the bedrooms, looking in and for a slight moment, just a tiny millisecond of temptation, he felt as though he was perfectly allowed to walk in and flop on the bed. He felt his heart tug forward, while his feet stayed back, and for a moment he asked himself why he refrained. Something in the very back of his mind, something in the crevices of his unconsciousness, told him that there was nothing to be afraid of. That this was his room, after all. But it wasn't, John hadn't been in this room before. He had passed it with Mrs. Hudson once, yet he hadn't walked inside. He had done nothing to mark it as his own. It was a simple room, not nearly as extravagant as the others that he had toured in this delightful mansion. It didn't have half as many oil paintings, or statues, or even a hint of golden trim. Yet it was beautiful in its own simplicity, with a large bed draped in scarlet, golden hangings falling around still in their original state, hanging loosely as if they had just been sewed. There were cabinets strewn about, dressers and wardrobes against the walls, with a small writing desk that still had a couple of leafs of paper on top of it. There was a quill on the desk, yet when John approached it he found that the ink had long since dried, and there were no words to be seen. He wished for the slightest sign of a previous occupant, any sort of journal or photograph that might help him solve this house's mysteries. It was odd, really. For in this house he felt there was a lingering presence. Silence had taken over long before, not a foot had stepped in these walls for years and years...yet still he felt as though he was not alone. There were others, somewhere, whether they be in the walls, or in the beds, or in the portraits which hung on the walls. Their life force was inside of this house, somewhere imbedded into the woodwork. They were here now, watching him...John took a deep breath, turning his attention away from the desk for the slightest moment, looking towards the door yet catching a glimpse of the bed in his peripheral vision. Catching a slight of a figure, lying on top of the blankets with a grin on his face, on his beautiful face. John let out a scream, one which would have been very embarrassing had he been accompanied by his wife. Yet it was an appropriate scream, for what he thought he had just seen. He fell back into the wardrobe's doors, in an attempt to get as far from the bed and its new occupant as he could...yet when he looked back he found that he was alone once more. The bed, had it hosted a man on top of it or not, was empty now. John steadied himself, trying to get his heartbeat under control as he got back to his feet, holding his flashlight tightly in his hand, clenching around it like a weapon, like a baton. And yet he felt increasingly silly, for the more he stared about the room the more he was sure that his eyes had just played a trick on him. He had been working himself up, getting scared and preoccupied on Mrs. Hudson's ghost stories, rather than the logical idea that this house was as empty as it had been when he first arrived. And yet, as his terrified brain decided to remind him, this house was indeed the sight of many murders. According to Mrs. Hudson (and of course, her information may not always be correct) there had been three deaths on the premises, or at least three violent deaths. She claimed that the ghosts of the dead men still haunt the halls, wandering about and tormenting those who lived here. That, she claimed, was the reason the house had sat empty for so long. The reason its real owners didn't want it anymore. Then again, John thought that was a terrible story, for it really didn't explain why the house was left to him. If he could do his best to guess, he'd say the house was left empty because they were waiting for a John Watson to happen in their town, so they could leave him with the burden of the ancient structure. Yet it wasn't necessarily a burden, was it? More of a gift. More of a living memory, rather than a house. He shouldn't be scared of a silly old house, no matter how many men died inside of it. People die all of the time, and if people decided that a violent death meant a ghost, well then the whole world would be haunted, wouldn't it? No, certainly there were no ghosts in this house. Certainly his eyes were just playing tricks on him, and putting figures where they weren't supposed to be. Placing men that he had never seen before, in the bed that used to be his own. Men that he recognized, that he surely recognized, even if he had never seen their face before in his life.
"Alright then. You're right." John agreed. "I will sit down then, I will." And so he moved over to the couch, trying to make a point somehow by sitting not against the armrest, but directly in the middle of the available cushion. Just close enough now to squish his leg up against Sherlock's, and to have their shoulders brush. John began to seethe with embarrassment, for this was the point he was trying to make not to Sherlock, but to himself as well. He needed to prove that he could be close to him, while all the while proving to himself that he could be close without losing whatever ounce of self-control he had. John felt like there should be some sort of driving force behind his deprivation, something a bit more noble than just shame. And yet for whatever reason he didn't make a move just because, quite like his past self, he would be embarrassed if he got rejected. Never did a thought of his marriage pop into his head, or what an affair with Sherlock might do to his growing family. No, he just thought of his own shame. What sort of rotten person was he, then, to think only of himself not once but twice in such a relationship? And it wasn't as if some poor excuse of destiny would be enough to stifle Mary's anger, should she ever find out. John really needed to reevaluate his life here, or rather the combination of both of his lives. He needed to measure his losses, should he ever get what he wanted most in the world...
"Do you think this was your room?" John asked curiously, for of course he only had solid evidence that one other man had ever lived here. If it was not John's room, then it must be Sherlock's.
"There you have it." John agreed, settling the little baby upon his lap and reaching his hand over to Sherlock, an offering of sorts. Sherlock hesitated; grinning quickly to try to make sure John knew he appreciated the gesture before at last taking his hand in his own. It was a curious feeling, the touch of human skin. It was something he had not remembered for the longest time, something that was all together alien to him. John's skin was very smooth, not unlike his own, though his fingers seemed stronger. They felt quite odd, now as they slid between Sherlock's own fingers and held him there closely. It was a bond of love, perhaps. A bond of commitment. Together they decided that was enough communication, for Sherlock's lips weer already tired of speaking. There were words unsaid, however, words that were passed between their interlocked fingers, words spoken on the tips of their fingers and the crevices of their palms. Words of appreciation, and perhaps of acceptance. It had been a long while since Sherlock had ever felt like someone noticed him, and it had been even longer since he noticed anyone else. Perhaps it was for the best, their bonding now. They were, after all, the last humans with the potential to love. Maybe they were the last of anything out there, the last of all life. It was their goal then, not just to reproduce, but to love. To use the hearts they had been given, and the hearts that would surely fade away in a long while. Each and every carefully planned blood vessel, every cell churning and fighting...all of this miraculous chances of nature just lost. Lost by their inability to keep themselves alive, and lost by the fight of time, and the curses of the universe. It was their job now, no longer to continue the race, but to appreciate the race. Appreciate each other, and perhaps even themselves. The stars were proof, each one twinkling there out in the distance. They were proof that this universe was bigger than ever could be explained, and larger than ever could be traveled by a little spaceship creeping along by the unseen force of gravity alone. Though they were proof of hope, proof that maybe somewhere out there lived another race of creatures, another civilization that proved more successful than the human races. The stars out there were proof that they may not be alone in this universe, no matter how far away another heartbeat seemed. For the only heartbeats that mattered now were the ones contained in the tin can, three little heartbeats that beat in unison all of the sudden. Heartbeats that grew to appreciate the melodies of the others, all the while they were still singing their individual songs.
"Oh stop that, it's not what I mean! I knew that I was just living a life, and you know how people talk about life as if it's an abrupt thing, precious and meaningful...well I always just felt that deep down that was all just talk. It didn't apply to me; somehow I was able to determine that everything happening was merely, well just transport. It was just another life, just another go at it. In some ways that made me feel special, not too scared of messing up. Then again, it also made me sad, because I knew that whatever I did wouldn't be permanent, it wasn't the purpose of my life. I knew I'd find the purpose when it came to me." Sherlock admitted.
"God, John what is it!" Sherlock grumbled, his voice sounding tired and not very less irritable as before.
"Why?" Mary wondered, bouncing Rosie up and down in her arms. That baby had just finally quieted, and John was appreciating the silence that he could hear once more.
"Watson, it was merely child's play, merely a small infatuation which I in my youth could not hope to understand." Holmes corrected coolly, shaking his head in an almost shameful way. "What a fool I was in my past, Watson. And what a fool I had still grown to be."
"In all honesty, I've only been told to act my age when I'm immature. Never has anyone complained that I'm being too mature." Greg pointed out with a wagging finger, all the while he was still completing his second turn in his swivel chair and therefore had his back facing John. "Not until now." John corrected, kicking the door shut and wincing when it made a loud bang. "Well, there you go. Now you'll get to witness the real mature folks, as they come in here with their daily noise complaints." Greg groaned, finally ceasing his spinning by planting his feet solidly on the floor and pulling himself up to the table, as if to further investigate the paper John had just laid down on top of the piles of assignments that littered the man's desk.
"Hey, stop! Stop!" John called out, breaking into a jog to fight his way up to the man. Oh he was certain, it wasn't just a hunch...he had seen that face only for a fraction of a second before, yet it was so imprinted into his mind that he knew he couldn't be mistaken. It was him; this man that was walking through the crowds of his college...this was the ghost that had been haunting him for so long.  John grabbed the stranger by the back of his coat collar, yanking him with some aggressiveness back into the wall, away from the mob of students who were trying to pass through despite the obvious struggle. The man gave a yelp of protest, gagging for a moment on his collar as it was forced up against his neck. And yet John wasn't worried about his wellbeing, for the moment he was much too preoccupied with figuring out who he was, and why on earth he was tormenting John in his new house. And so John pulled him all the way to his office, dragging him by the collar like one might do with a misbehaving child, and dragging the student through the twelve o'clock rush without a second thought to the man's dignity. John didn't care that his classmates saw him as he was being humiliated; this was ultimately what he deserved. If he was going to loiter around that house, just to scare John and imprint his face into his head, well then yes! He deserved to be publically shamed. It was no matter to John if the boy he was tugging behind him got stepped on, or laughed at. God, for a moment John had thought himself to be crazy! Little did he know he wasn't actually crazy, little did he know he was just the victim of a prank that had gone too far, into the realms of trespassing, and hide and go seek. John hauled the student into his classroom with a last final yank, sending the boy stumbling into the filing cabinets with a submissive little yelp. John bided his time then, by closing the door and putting on his sternest expression.
Sherlock’s skin glowed with the  faint outline of blue-green scales. “They covet what they cannot  have, and they are all the more dangerous for it.”
“Oi! If you two are quite finished playing we have serious  business here!” Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade pushed through a crowd of  police officers and emergency personnel with an annoyed look on his handsome  face.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at John’s besotted expression. He  opened his mouth to say something but was interrupted by a chirp from his  phone. His eyes gleamed as he pulled it from his pocket. “It’s Lestrade! A case  John! Finally a case!”
“Not to worry, beloved,” Mycroft  replied with a secretive smile, “it is possible to block me if you  wish but I sincerely hope you never feel the need to do so.” His  eyes turned soft as he gazed at his lover. “I could not be sure how  strong the bond would be. I could only hope and wait for the power of  our connection to be revealed. I cannot say I am surprised however.  There has never been a light in my life as bright as you.”
“Don’t let that fool you.” John placed his hand on the glass  and Lloyd turned his head and smiled as if he knew his son was there. John  pulled his hand back and wiped it on his trousers with a disgusted look. “He’s  dangerous Lestrade. Be careful in there.”
Greg laughed. “Well then we’d best  get a move on. We wouldn’t want to keep our devoted fans waiting.”
The light filtering  through the stained glass windows of the temple was stunning. It  bathed the cool, stone interior in a rainbow of rich color, painting  the enormous archways in brilliant hues. John’s hand was clamped  around Sherlock’s wrist, dragging him into the sanctuary. Before  them stood rows of empty pews, and at the end an altar covered in  fresh flowers.
John stood in the middle of the space, his arms crossed as  he tried to calm down. He knew he was acting like an idiot but his central  nervous system didn’t seem to care at the moment.
Mycroft stood and gazed at Lestrade with a worried frown. “Gregory  you are wounded. Perhaps you should stay behind…”
John’s glare was murderous but  Greg only raised his hands with a “what can you do” shrug. John’s  return gesture was an eloquent display of his feelings on the matter.
John stepped forward shielding his father and brushing the  accusing fingers aside. “He’s an arsehole but he’s my Dad and you’re not taking  him anywhere.”
“Don’t be ridiculous John.”  Sherlock took John’s hand and led him down the aisle. “It’s a  royal wedding and coronation. Mycroft would never pass up the chance  to show off his prize to the best of his ability.”
John lifted Sherlock’s narrow feet and maneuvered his way  beneath them until they were nestled in his lap. He rubbed and stroked the arch  working his way up to pull at his long toes. Sherlock melted beneath his touch.  “Lestrade chose Mycroft.”
They exited to the street, John pulling on his coat while  Sherlock had a hold of his sleeve dragging him along.
Lloyd struggled to wake, his head pounding so hard he swore  he would never drink again. Well not for a while anyway. Well at least not  tonight unless a really good opportunity presented itself.
Sherlock cleared his throat. He hated being ignored but  neither man glanced his way. He watched the exchange with interest, feeling the  tension sizzling beneath his skin. This man was of course the witness he was  meant to interrogate and he obviously knew John and … oh. Of course. The eyes.  Fascinating.
“Well done lad! I‘ve never seen dragon fire used quite like  that before. Neat trick!” A short, compact man dressed in a dapper blue suit  grinned from the sidelines. His skin shone with a coppery sheen and his dirty  blond hair peeked out from under a derby hat and hung around his face in dozens  of tiny braids. His eyes were shrewd and a familiar deep blue.
Sherlock frowned at his brother’s  utterly besotted face. “I assure you John we are better off not  knowing.”
“Does that usually work for you? It won’t in here.” Lestrade  asked the question politely, folding his hands together on the table top. “What  were you doing in the warehouse?”
John woke with a hand already  reaching for his gun. A sheen of stinking sweat coated his body.  Sherlock breathed softly next to him, face peaceful, mouth relaxed in  sleep.
John mouthed the word “yahoo” and regarded his father with a  puzzled glare. “What the bloody hell are you doing? I don’t believe for one  minute you’re going to sacrifice yourself for any of us!”
John screamed as the tattoo bled from Lloyd and appeared  faintly on John’s skin, growing deeper and more defined by the moment.
Lloyd glanced at the spot where John and Sherlock sat  looking through the one-way glass. “I thought he had something I wanted.”
The treads quaked as Mycroft climbed after the fox at a deliberate  and unhurried pace. He hummed and twirled his umbrella as he half shifted into  his dragon form. Mycroft’s skin glittered with a dusting of scarlet scales and  shining gold claws slipped from his fingertips. Horns curled through his ginger  hair and smoke billowed with every measured breath.
"Very nice." John muttered. Sherlock nodded, taking the picture back with hesitant fingers and looking a bit uncomfortable.
"You're right here, aren't you? Not a big secret after all." John muttered, to which Sherlock gave a weak sort of slap and ventured deeper into the attic.
"Do you think that..." John sighed heavily, shaking his head and turning away from Sherlock for a moment. What was he even supposed to ask, how could he even think of any more ways to phrase this so that it made sense, so that it seemed
"Do you remember ever taking a picture like this?" John asked, forgetting in his urgency that he had just asked quite the personal question. Sherlock went a little bit red, staring at the picture and shaking his head a bit apprehensively.
"Then that's all that matters, is it not John? Just happiness." Sherlock whispered, his voice beginning to sound sleepy, his words becoming slurred as his eyes began to droop shut. John nodded his head in reply, knowing now that if he would have asked a question he would get no response. Sherlock had fallen to sleep; he could hear it in his breathing, in the rhythms and in the soft drumming of his heartbeat. John smiled softly, thinking once more on the concept of happiness, and just how much his life had changed since then. Since he had been trapped up in his room, seething with anger he didn't understand. Perhaps there was something inside of him all the way back then, something that knew he wasn't intended for that life. Perhaps all of that anger didn't just come from his father, or his mother, but instead from his past life, and from this house. Half of it was understanding he didn't belong there, and the other half was missing the essential parts of his life. Missing Sherlock Holmes. And yes, happiness did matter in the end. Happiness mattered; it was the end goal despite any destinies, reincarnations, or paths which one is cursed to follow. John was supposed to happy, that was the end of it, and he felt as though he had achieved just that. He let his fists unclench against the rug, he let that age old anger seep from his muscles and for the first time in a long while he felt himself relax, properly. He felt himself sink deeper into that house, devote yet another piece of himself to its walls, and praise it once more for having found him a home. A true home, somewhere he belonged, somewhere he had been before. He thanked it for the friendship it had supplied him with, for that boy who slept so peacefully behind him. And for a moment John realized that he had never felt so complete, so whole in his entire life. Not his wedding day, not Rosie's birth...nothing had given him such a warm feeling inside than did this moment right now. He didn't have to be loved; he didn't have to be accepted. It was the lack of the cage, that thing people had been building around him all of these years. His father, then his wife...John felt perhaps that tonight was the night he found the key. Tonight was the night he let himself out of the constraints of what was expected of him, and ventured now out into the world. Out into the realms of his own life, so as to find the happiness that all men were promised, one way or another.
"Yes of course. My dream of the billiard room, well I was with a man who certainly was not someone I recognized." Sherlock muttered. John felt his heart drop just the slightest, nodding his head slowly. Well of course he might have known this was coming...if Sherlock had seen himself with John then he might have mentioned it before. Certainly John had been preparing himself for this confession?
"What is going on?" John groaned, clutching the picture to his heart with one hand and messaging his aching temples with the other. He sunk deeper and deeper into the cushions, sighing with every breath and shaking his head in denial. Maybe this was all just a dream, and when he woke up he would find that everything actually made sense. That everything in his life wasn't just collecting around him to give him more of a headache, and confuse his version of reality, and jumble up his idea of time as a linear concept. What did this house want with him, what was the Town Hall trying to do, was this some sort of joke? Had they given John this key, painted his name on that will, and hired Sherlock Holmes to pose for an old picture and then meander about the college? Was this some sort of candid camera thing, were their cameras hidden in the walls, in the eyes of the statues? Was that why John never felt as though he was alone? It was easier to think that was the truth, it was easier to diagnose this entire ordeal on a carefully planned plot, and the cruelty of others, than to actually admit there might be something supernatural going on. Than to actually admit that this was...well that this simply didn't make sense. John was a man of science, he didn't like it when things didn't add up, or when pieces didn't fit into the puzzle he was trying to create. Logic had never failed him up to this point, and it was just giving him the most splitting headache. But that's what it wanted, didn't it? Whether the culprit for this scheme be some corrupt anchorman, or just simply the house itself. This was the goal, wasn't it? Somewhere, someone was laughing at him.
"Whack." Greg muttered, and that was his final word, for with that he left. John slammed the door behind him, quick enough to silence any last words Greg might have had. And now it was just the two of them, ultimately how John felt it should belong. And yet he had to admit, this picture that was still flattened against his chest wasn't just disturbing, it was also very racy. Would Sherlock be embarrassed of it, or would he be so afraid of the resemblance that he would leave John forever? Would he not care for this mystery, so long as he was still caught up in the middle of it? There was an awkwardness building between the two of them, for still when John saw Sherlock he couldn't help but see him again, in a different state...with a lot less clothing.
"Not sure, really. Just a sketch." He lied quickly. Mary hummed, obviously not convinced, yet went back to bouncing the baby on her knee. Rosie was smiling now, dressed in her little striped pajamas.
"Professor?" asked that familiar voice, that deep baritone which was the only voice that would bring his body and soul back together. No need to be in the house when he was with Sherlock, no need to avoid the present when the present was preferable to the past.
"I don't think so. No one's taken an interest in that house for as long as it's been condemned. Those documents were probably in the same cabinet they were first placed in, all those years ago." Mrs. Hudson admitted grimly. John sighed in some defeat, although he knew that they might hit a dead end here in the town hall, with withered old Mrs. Hudson. Yet they did have something, the name they had come to retrieve. They now knew at least who their mystery man was, the name to fit the picture that Sherlock had so graciously drawn. His competition, if not his murderer...Mr. Victor Trevor.
"I said I had a dream, this afternoon. I think the house fed me that dream, but I saw myself with a man." Sherlock admitted quietly.
"Documents, boys!" she exclaimed excitedly. "And it seems as though there was indeed a Mr. John Watson, died at the house."
"Ah, Professor Watson," Greg said in his most nauseatingly formal voice, folding his hands politely on the table in front of him and sitting up as straight as he could manage. "What is it that I can do for you today?" John just scowled, holding the deed a bit gentler between his two fingers and giving his friend a little glare.
When the first generation left Earth, there were twenty humans. The spaceship was ill fitted to hold so many survivors, and before long eight had died to disease, and one from suicide. Space was no place to live, no place to raise a family, and hardly a place to survive. Though survive they did, at least long enough to produce the second generation. The first generation was the one to watch the world fall away, the light of the sun fade off into the darkness of space, and the stars to glow much brighter. They did what they must, they reproduced, and gave birth to the first generation of children doomed only to see the inside of a space shuttle.  A world of metal, though hardly a world at all. A tube of metal, more accurately, with enough rations to support an army though hardly any space to hold what people they had left. There were six in the second generation, and they lived long enough to watch the first planet come and go. It was an unnamed system, looming throughout the darkness with the illuminance of a very distant star. It was the first light they had seen for a long while, the first natural light. The electricity they were producing on the ship was hardly enough to keep the cabins illuminated, though in the end they had started to prefer the darkness. The lights were harsh, taunting even, as if they had been installed merely to remind the humans of a time they could see without the fluorescents. They painfully reminded the survivors of the sun, or rather those who had ever lived to see it. The children didn't know what light was, and when at last they grew old enough to see this distant sun in the distance of the vacuum, well it was as frightening as anything could be. When the first generation died, the second generation was left with their own children, the small children they had managed to produce. Three children were born before the second bout of disease hit, and three children were all that remained when at last the second generation found themselves unvaccinated and vulnerable to the common human diseases that had been lingering about the usually unneeded medical supplies. They were dead in an instant, gone too quickly to tell their children much about the earth as they remembered their own parents describing it. Gone too quickly to remind their children what it was they were living for, and what hope they needed to maintain in order to continue the human population. They were gone too quickly to remind their children that there was a reason to live, here in this tin can, even though the second generation didn't entirely understand. Gone were the ones who remembered the world, the color green that was not captured in a photograph, or in a smear of paint along the wall. Gone were those who remembered water flowing freely through a stream, not from the cap of a plastic water bottle. Gone were those who remembered the sun, and the shadows, and the night. The stars looked so close from here, though gone were those who remembered the constellations. The third generation was left on their own, mere children by the time they were abandoned. The third generation were the ones born without hope, simply because they couldn't understand what was left for them except the same unfortunate deaths as their parents. As far as breeding pairs went, the probability of a successful repopulation was looking more and more slim. The only woman aboard the ship was Mary, and she wasn't overly excited about doing her duty to the human race. There was not much enthusiasm from either side, as her two companions grew into terribly modest, terribly confused men. Sherlock Holmes grew long and lanky, pale as the white walls and shy as any distant planet. John Watson was equally pale, though grew into a rather broad shouldered, muscular man. He dedicated what little life he had to exercise, as there was nothing better than feeling physical pain, rather than mental. When your body hurt your soul could relax, and suddenly it was that muscular pain that was the bane of your existence, rather than the fact that you're floating so far away from home that it would take another three generations to get back to where they started from. Yet Earth was not there any longer...at least not in an inhabitable state. If Sherlock was ever asked why he could not explain, as the first generation had not been willing to pass down the stories of their mistakes to their children. All he knew was that home was gone, and that they were floating light years away in an attempt to find a place hospitable enough to hold the beginnings of the human race once more. That was if there ever would be a human race any longer. It was dependent on them, was it not? Depending on their willingness, their ability, and their survival. At the moment, all three seemed terribly slim. At the moment Sherlock was left sitting in the dim lights of the cabin, staring out the thick glass window at the everlasting view, the only view he knew and the only thing he didn't want to see. Stars...stars stretching for miles around. They were the only source of light prominent enough to appreciate, though Sherlock was told that they were each supposed to illuminate a system of planets. At the present moment it seemed as though all stars were too far out of their reach to find such a place, and the darkness of the space was so overwhelming that he knew enough to realize he would never see their future home. Sherlock knew ever so well that he would never touch foot on solid ground; he would never feel the pull of naturally created gravity. The only reason his feet could touch the floor was because of the technology flowing through the ship, though he couldn't begin to explain it. In all honesty Sherlock understood that their lives were threatened as soon as something went wrong, as they were not very good with machines nor the comprehension of what it was that was keeping them alive. Sherlock dared not ask where the oxygen was flowing from, or were the gravity was created. He knew that there were precious few things humans needed to survive, and while all of that was being supplied at a ration they would surely not be enough to support the forth, even perhaps the fifth generation. At the present moment their stocks were becoming low, and the occupants on the ship were growing terribly skinny, terribly unhealthy. Sherlock almost felt bad submitting an unsuspecting child to this world, though it wasn't as if he was going to stop it. It wasn't as if he had a choice but to realize that this was their duty, surely. This was John and Mary's duty, together. And Sherlock's duty was to pretend not to notice. It was a terrible thing to listen to, really. The privacy on this ship was limited, and while the door was shut and locked he could still hear what seemed to be audible sounds of pain. He had never been explained the process of child bearing, and the three of them had to learn from a rather grotesque pamphlet they had found in the ship's compartment. Thankfully they had been taught to read, though there were picture aids to help the illiterate along just fine. Sherlock hadn't volunteered for that position, no it sounded positively unnatural. And so here he was, looking out the window once again, trying not to wonder just what was happening, and what was going to happen in the span of nine months. The second time he had to listen to screams of pain was when that nine month span was over, when Mary's stomach turned from abnormally thin to positively bursting, to the point where it was hard to look at her sideways without wincing. She seemed proud to have been able to raise the thing inside of her for so long, and while her rations had been doubled she was beginning to look a little bit threatening. Her face was growing paler, her hair was beginning to shed, and her eyes were becoming blood shot. It was symptoms of a disease that Sherlock could not think to name, though it seemed to be taking ahold of the poor woman before she ever had time to meet her baby, or to name the little thing. She gave her life for the child, using the last of her strength to push it out into the world, and when it appeared with its first screams her own had been silenced. It seemed to have taken the whole of her life force, using her strength to echo off its own wails, as if to mourn his mother before he had even gotten to see her face.
Greg narrowed his eyes and  deliberately did not open his mouth. “I don’t remember hearing  anything about how this bonding was going to mean I had to listen to  you inside my head.”
The man sauntered across the warehouse floor as if he hadn’t  a care in the world. He shot an amused look at the body and stopped in front of  John.
Mycroft leaned over Lestrade’s shoulder peering at the  paper. “I have a feeling brother mine that it is perhaps not as abandoned as  one may assume at first glance. This looks to be a diagram of what lays beneath  it.”
Sherlock and Mycroft focused intently as the details emerged  and shared a knowing glance as Lestrade added strangely curved letters in a  guttural language.
Why was I roped into all of this mess, this isn't my house! This isn't my house." Sherlock growled, shaking his head violently and turning on his heel, storming out into the hallway and leaving John alone in the room for a brief moment. He stared for a while at the wardrobe, tempted now to reach out and open it just a little bit, so as to see the robe hanging there where it was promised to be. Yet he refrained, he knew that it wasn't his to touch, and so just like Sherlock he turned on his heel, making something of a less dramatic exit. John of course had the manners to close his door on the way out. John found Sherlock in the sitting room, holding his head in his hands in something of a defensive manner. He dared not sit on the furniture, and so he was curled up against the wall of the fireplace, sitting on the floor with his knees to his chin. John might've thought he was crying, and yet he was shaking noiselessly. No, he didn't seem upset about anything. He merely seemed afraid. And fear was an emotion John currently knew a lot about. He lingered a little bit closer, yet he dared not speak a word, lest he interrupt Sherlock in his helpless state. And so John merely leaned against the doorway, taking a deep breath and watching in a pitiful sort of way, watching now as Sherlock cowered all the while knowing that he could do nothing to console him. He knew that this was all such a crippling burden; he knew that this was all such a puzzle that it split your brain clean in half. Oh, but was it selfish to finally appreciate that someone else understood his pain? Was it ghastly to feel something of a relief, to know now that this headache was not his alone to bear? There was someone else involved, someone else roped in without their consent. Finally, John was not on his own.
"It's leaving at six, but we need to get to the airport before then." John said obviously. Mary stopped, throwing the suitcase down the last two stairs with a large bang. This immediately interrupted Rosie, for just as soon as the racket ceased her crying made up for the sudden silence.
"Not necessarily the country as a whole, just a few people in particular that ruined that entire continent for me. My family was a nightmare." John muttered, rolling his eyes and settling his chin own on his fingers in reminiscence.
"Oh come on, I was a fantastic boy scout! Would've been an eagle scout, had my dad not pulled me out of it." John growled, waving the poker in his hands rather threateningly, as if his dad was standing somewhere within striking distance. Oh how he would live to just smack this iron thing against that man's hideous, balding head!
"Ha, and listen to Rosie hollering? I can't hear myself think, much less read any of these horrific research papers." John teased. Mary sighed heavily, not looking overly pleased at John's inconvenience.
"Oh my God! John this is downright pornographic! What on earth do you have this on your desk for?" Greg asked in exclamation, giggling like a mad man all the while John's face turned about as red as a tomato.
alone, Reggie?" Sherlock challenged with a hiss, grabbing his suitcase and struggling to drag it off of the porch.
"John come on then!" Mary growled, pushing at her husband in retaliation before rolling over once more with the intention of going back to sleep. John scowled at her through the darkness, yet he knew that he had no choice but to get to his feet and dressed as quickly as possible. Sherlock was due to be waiting for him at five, at the little apartment in a little row of houses that John only vaguely memorized. Of course Sherlock didn't think to give an address, for he is so rarely considerate in remembering his own knowledge was not universal. John had a sad bowl of cereal, staring at a wall instead of the usual morning paper. Then again, the news didn't necessarily concern him this morning, considering he had his own personal life changing events happening. He couldn't care about the stock market or foreign relations; he had to instead focus on what he was going to do if Victor proved to live up to all of Sherlock's expectations. Oh but who was he kidding, of course Victor would not prove to be a disappointment! If he was enough to sweep Sherlock off of his feet in the past, well he would a Parisian artist by now! That fact alone, with the accent and the aesthetic, would certainly be able to get Sherlock's heart beating annoyingly fast. And so there were two plans of attack, one which would undoubtedly take John down as well. The first was to ignore it, ignore all of this and disregard his feelings so as to pretend not to be hurt. If the inevitable was such, well then he had no choice but to nod his head and accept it. He had a wife, a child, and responsibilities he didn't have when he lived there before. He was not allowed to love Sherlock Holmes in this life time, even if it was his destiny. The second plan of attack would be ruinous for him, and undoubtedly a bit awkward for Sherlock. The second plan would be to get to Sherlock before Victor does, and this was something which would have to be enacted before they got to Victor at all. This left John not even twenty four hours to confess his love and to make Sherlock confess back, in such a way which might ensure he didn't give Victor a second thought when it came to romance. Oh, John knew that such a plan would go horribly wrong! Even if the best case scenario occurred he would still be facing the moral degradation of an affair. He wouldn't be able to look his wife in the eyes; he wouldn't be able to smile at his daughter, knowing that he had betrayed them both! Love wasn't as important as he wanted it to be, not in this world now. Who cared if loved Sherlock, who cared if he was destined to be with him from centuries before? Their destinies this time just didn't add up, John had held unknowingly held himself back in an attempt to move forward with his life! And he knew that Mary wasn't worth it, in the end he understood that he might have had a happier life had he been more rational.
"It's NOT!" Holmes exclaimed in a sudden fit of anger, slamming his palm so violently upon the stone mantle that I was afraid it might shatter. In my surprise I jumped, and yet as soon as he noticed my fear he softened, shaking his head regretfully and taking quick, short strides away from the fire and away from me. As if I was in some way alighting his anger even more, or possibly making him uncomfortable by my proximity.
"And you want to find him then? Find him today?" John presumed with a little accusing raise of his eyebrow.
"Lovely house you've got here." Sherlock said with a little grin. John just nodded, although he could only hope that Sherlock was thinking the same thing as him; that he's got a much better house someplace else.
to go into my house, hm? How could you have mistakenly crept around in my halls and position yourself just so that..." John's voice faded just as he was beginning to hear his own argument. "Just so that I would see you long enough for me to yell." The boy's face was contorting into something even more of confusion, as if he really didn't know what he was supposed to do now. Certainly he could see that he hadn't really done anything wrong, he was merely caught in the hands of a professor who was raving mad. Perhaps he thought he was the end of a joke, yet then again that had been John's assumption of himself up until now. Finally he was beginning to see that it was impossible for this boy to be the same one in his house, for he was so genuinely confused that he simply could not be lying.
"Yes honey, what is it? Is that boy gone?" Mrs. Watson asked, presumably looking away from whatever dinner she was making for the family.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry I don't know what's happening." The student managed fearfully, his voice sounding so weak and panicked that John almost pitied him. He almost believed him. John just scowled at him, looking him over for a moment of confirmation yet coming back without a doubt in his mind. He hadn't seen his 'ghost' for a long while, and yet this boy that stood before him was undeniably the same. He had the same face, the same hair, the same body type. Oh it hurt to recollect that dream, that dream that had left him so cold and clammy, lying next to his wife and dreaming of someone else...And yet it was him. It was most certainly him, that ghost, that dream image...they both stood before John in flesh and blood.
"I don't want to think about it, and honestly you strutting up into my house, right past my mother who could undoubtedly notice what orientation you sport just by looking at your hair and your clothes...well she'll think we're together!" John groaned, as if this really all was some great tragedy.
"Sherlock I do give you my sincere apology. I know of course that your past life, whatever it entailed, was very much different than your current one. I can't speak for our pasts, either of them, yet I know that the man I am, and the man you are, may very well be much more respectable." John admitted quietly. Sherlock nodded, seeming just a little bit satisfied, yet his defensive posture did not break. He still looked as though he was expecting something more.
"What makes you think he's your soulmate?" John asked with a nervous little laugh. Oh that word cut deep, and the connotations behind it even worse! Sherlock's little comment made it clear that he had already disregarded John as his option. He seemed to think that out of the two of them that had followed him through the ages, it was this mystery man that was supposed to be his partner. And not John, for whatever reason.
Sherlock sighed and raised an  eyebrow in his brother’s direction. “Do you want them standing  upright at this ridiculous ceremony or doing an interpretive dance?”
Sherlock chuckled and raised his arms. Brilliant blue wings  of soft buttery leather erupted from his back and his body twisted and  elongated and morphed into the shape of a large scaly dragon.
A long tail caught John around the waist before an errant  wing could knock him on his bum. The dragon was halfway into the street and a  cab driver was leaning out of his window raising his fist and yelling in  annoyance for the great stupid beast to hurry up and get out of the way.
Rolling his eyes Lestrade wriggled out of Mycroft’s grasp  and settled down to sketch a diagram of streets leading to a location he didn’t  recognize. He then drew what looked to be a series of halls and stairways and  finished with a scribbled “X” over a particular door.
Lestrade pushed Mycroft away, leaned his head back and  pinched his nose. “Of course they will. I know Lloyd is John’s da but he is a right  dick. Is the map even real?”
The stench of blood and death soaked the evening air. The  victim was blue, furry and sitting cross-legged within a painted circle on the warehouse’s  concrete floor.  The body remained  upright even though its neck and wrists ended in charred stumps.  A green haze remained outlining the shapes of  the missing body parts.
When John was finished he emerged  feeling better but not whole. He ignored his impulse to choose a long  sleeved shirt and instead pulled on a tight white vest. He refused to  hide the Mark from Sherlock, though sparks of pain rippled through  his head as he resisted the urge. John was a soldier. He knew when to  respect authority - and when to obliterate orders into atoms before  anyone else could read them. He was a man of war, but he wasn’t  anyone’s tool.
Sherlock scowled. “We don’t have time for this John!  Anderson is destroying the crime scene even as we speak.”
He ran down the stairs, grabbed his coat from the hook and  disappeared out the front door. John stood at the top of the stairs frowning  until Sherlock’s head appeared peeking around the doorway. Sherlock’s eyebrow  raised. “Coming John?”
“We are the Followers of the Mark. We claim the right of  retribution. The lost one will pay his debt to us with his blood.  Give him to us or we will destroy this  building and the city surrounding it.”
Thank you so much to all of you who read and bookmarked and commented on this fic and sent me lovely words of encouragement to continue it. I never had the intention to abandon it but real life took an unexpected turn last year and family issues forced me to step away for a bit. I've had this chapter sitting on my hard drive half written for months and it feels so good to finally be able to post it for you. I hope you enjoy it!
John’s tone turned deadly. “Right.  And what kinds of things would that be dad? Do I get to be your  lapdog instead?”
Lloyd lay twisted on the floor straining and pulling against  the hissing handcuffs as screams and the sound of battle filled the air. “Let  me out of these god damn things before they find me!”
“Magic taxi summoning thing? Really John?” Sherlock sniffed  then stopped still in the middle of the sidewalk and flexed his shoulders. His  body vibrated and the cool autumn air shimmered around him.
He trailed Lestrade out onto the flat roof of the  beleaguered police station. The fox stood on a wide and low concrete railing  and stared out over the city. The sun was setting and muted purples and reds  spread out over the evening sky. A dark shape flew steadily through the clouds  disappearing into the distance.
Lestrade might have laughed if he weren’t afraid his brain was  going to melt. “That fucker left a message, like a memory in my head.”
“Don’t be ridiculous John.” Sherlock scowled at the idea of  his brother’s interference and stepped closer to John’s side. “He uses this  farce as a way to pacify the humans and keep track of certain fey elements and  they allow him that privilege in exchange for whatever bribe he is currently  offering. It’s quite efficient really.”
“John! Wait! Listen! I mean you are so like your mother.”  Lloyd’s body sagged in John’s grip as if he’d lost the will to hold himself up.  “For years she lived with you among the humans. No one ever knew you weren’t one  of them. You both have – had that talent. You were like chameleons, blending in  with whatever was around you.”
His eyes burned with blue light, a ring  of gold creeping into the iris. “I am John, son of Marjorie Watson,  and you are a dead man if you ever show your face anywhere near my  loved ones again.”
Lestrade tumbled out of Mycroft’s grip and peered at his new  surroundings curiously. He arched his back in a long stretch and shifted to his  human form in a glittery show of light. He cleared his throat and watched as  Sherlock and Mycroft transformed to join him.
“Look John,” Lestrade was apologetic but firm. “I’m sorry  but I’m going to have to ask you some questions.”
Lloyd’s hands clenched at the hem of his shirt as if he were  fighting to keep from retaliating. “Ow! Shit Johnny boy what do you want from  me?”
“I know you John Watson,”  Sherlock purred as he rose from the bed and stalked across the room,  inserting himself into John’s space. “I know your tells. I know  your strengths, your weaknesses, what you love and what you despise.  All of it is beautiful and all of it is mine.”
Lloyd rolled his eyes. “OK, OK I can’t talk if you don’t let  me breathe you know. You are so like your mother.”
Lestrade came to an abrupt halt and stepped into Sherlock’s  personal space, their noses almost touching. “Behave yourself in here,” he  warned, “Or I will share stories of my fraternization with your brother in  great searing detail. Got it?”
Lestrade’s sarcasm was of course completely lost on Sherlock  who replied with a satisfied smirk. “You’re welcome.”
Sherlock sidled up to John’s side and leaned in. “Don’t be  stupid John, it doesn’t become you. War and marriage – explain.”
“John, it was safer that way.” Lloyd dropped down to sit on  his heels and dragged his fingers through the dirt on the floor.  “You think I wanted my enemies coming after my  fey kid? If you were human you weren’t worth bothering with.”
Lestrade stared after him and called out a sarcastic reply. “Thank  you for rescuing us Greg. That was very clever Greg. We’re forever indebted to  you Greg!”
Wherein our heroes find a secret message, stage a daring rescue attempt and deal with an unexpected turn of events. The letter of the law is respected, the nature not so much.
Lloyd absently rattled the cuffs against the table leg,  jumping a bit when they emitted an annoyed growl. “You might say that. We met  online. Are you a gamer inspector?”
John turned away from the Followers coughing and shivering  but then he looked up at Lestrade from under his fringe of blonde hair and  winked. Lestrade frowned in confusion. His eyes traveled down to the tattoo  that now decorated John’s right arm just below the elbow. It was as intricate  as Lloyd’s but a paler gray rather than the deep blue he remembered from  before. It was dotted with red as if drops of blood from the wolverine’s bite  had somehow bound themselves to the ink.
Lestrade grabbed the keys with his teeth and headed down the  hall. Thick iron doors ran down each side and Lestrade stood still for a moment  with ears cocked. He huffed and snorted as the sounds of arguing filtered  through the air regretting his wolverine form’s inability to roll its eyes. He  trotted down the hall until he located the cell the irate sounds were coming  from and shifted back into his human form. It took a few tries but eventually  he found the right key and turned the lock unable to help a grin at the  surprised looks of John and his father as the door swung open on rusted squeaky  hinges.
Sherlock gave a decisive nod and stalked over to Lestrade’s  desk. He wrenched a drawer completely out of the frame and upended its contents  onto the floor. Smirking in triumph he grabbed a yellow pad of lined paper and  a pen and tossed them into the exasperated man’s lap.
“Yeah, yeah, yeah, you crazy wankers.” Lestrade ran his  fingers through his hair and then reached out as if trying to pull his dragon  closer. “Mycroft. What have they done?”
“Hello Johnny boy. Fancy meeting you here. Didn’t know you  were the type to hang out with dragons.”
Mycroft raised an eyebrow and unfurled lengthening wings. “Sometimes  dear Gregory even I have to admit size is everything.” He reared his head back  and roared, reaching out with huge claws and tearing a set of double doors  right off their shrieking hinges.
John’s dark blue eyes regarded him from beneath long golden  lashes as he lifted Sherlock’s foot to his lips and left a small kiss on the  top. “What would I have to do to convince you?”
Sherlock started to protest but John held up a hand and gave  a resigned nod. “It’s alright Sherlock. I’ll answer what I can Greg but I  haven’t seen the bastard in years. He left my mum before I was born and only  showed up periodically to cause everyone a lot of grief.”
“Ain’t that right Followers of the blah, blah, yada, yada?”  Lloyd crouched over his son as if trying to shield him from the trio’s gaze.  “You got me now. Leave the rest of these yahoos alone and I’ll come with you  nice and quiet like.”
John wrenched his wrist from Sherlock’s grasp and glared. “Fine.  Do your magic taxi summoning thing and we’ll get going.”
“Well he won’t be getting any magic through the dampening  field and my handcuffs already don’t like him so don’t be too worried.”  Lestrade reached into his coat and handed Sherlock a microphone and a set of earbuds.  “I’m wired so you can listen in and suggest routes of inquiry but keep the  talking to a minimum. I don’t need you distracting me.”
Lestrade watched as Sherlock and John made a lazy turn and  headed in the direction of Baker Street. He wasn’t surprised Mycroft chose not  to follow. The day was fast approaching when what little time they had to  themselves would shrink even further and Lestrade knew Mycroft needed to  reassure himself that his consort was safe and whole.
John slowly raised his head until he was staring straight  into the shadowed hoods of the red robed trio. His fingers trailed the lines of  ink etched into his skin. “There’s only one problem with that you pathetic little  bastards.”
John stood guard in  the doorway his gun in his hand looking out into the hall. “Who the fuck is it this  time? Is there anybody left who isn’t after you?”
“I think we’re about to find out.” John backed into the  room, his hand steady as he leveled his gun at three hooded figures wreathed in  cloaks of scarlet.
Sherlock hit the ground hard, his tail whipping around and  cushioning John’s body before he could slam into the cracked cement of a  crumbling loading dock. John wriggled free just in time to keep himself from  falling as Sherlock’s body shrank and twisted back into its human form.
John peered into ever changing eyes  that gazed at him with possessive fondness. He smiled and sighed.  “Let’s go home Sherlock.”
Lestrade squeaked and yowled until Mycroft fully transformed  and leveled out in flight. He hung firmly gripped in the dragon’s claws as  Mycroft’s powerful wings stroked cleanly through the cool, crisp air.
“No absconding with evidence Sherlock.”  Lestrade held out his hand as Sherlock  frowned and clutched the bag tighter in his glove.
“A dual-nature is rare and  desirable,” Sherlock replied, tightening his grip.“The fey  consider it is a sign of power and prestige to share one’s favor.”
Lestrade’s eyes were hard as he opened his mouth to form the  next question only to be thrown from his chair as the world exploded into  chaos. The building shook and rolled as if hit by multiple blasts  and Lestrade clumsily climbed to his feet as John and Sherlock burst through  the door.
John breathed out a furious whine as his lips curled to  reveal long pointed teeth and claws split his rough skin as he uncurled his fists.  His face grew angular and furred and a long sturdy tail whipped around his  legs.
John screamed as the mark lit up with a  glow so bright it almost blinded him. White hot fire burned through  his veins and he dropped to his knees. His heart was pried open and  filled with the will of his father, guiding him, leading him,  whispering his direction and approval into all the spaces of his head  until there was nothing else but the man who stood at the center of  his universe. Lloyd stood bathed in a golden glow, his arms extended  in invitation. John climbed unsteadily to his feet and took a step  forward, wanting only the embrace of his beloved father.
There was silence in the temple.  Sherlock looked to John who shrugged, lips quirking into a grin. “You  would know better than me. He’s your brother.”
Mycroft’s voice was filled with concern as he gently grasped  Lestrade’s arm. “Gregory you must not overexert yourself.”
John let go and stepped back his mouth set in a grim line. “If  she wasn’t human what was she then?”
Lloyd nodded and sighed as he rolled up the sleeve on his  right arm. “They’re always so damn smug.”
John roared and shook off his father’s touch as he fully  transformed into a golden beast. He leapt for the trio that stood calmly  between him and Sherlock’s unmoving form but cried out and twisted in mid-air  then came down hard restored to his human form. He raised pained eyes to  Lloyd’s face. His father stood over him flexing a right hand that dripped lines  of blue sparking light.
“What are you doing?” John hissed as Lloyd’s forearm was  bared. An intricate tattoo glowed softly against his skin. The deep blue lines  passed over and wove around each other forming an endless knot with no  discernible beginning or end.
He hadn’t minded really. He’d loved being a soldier. He knew  he should have been more upset by the blood and pain and fear and it wasn’t  like it hadn’t bothered him. But the adrenaline rush from time spent on the  front line was unparalleled.  Or at least  it was until he got mixed up with this great bloody dragon.  Who was approaching a cordoned off crime scene  at a speed that did not appear conducive to a gentle landing.
