“Let’s not throw balls at possibly-alien holes of nothingness anymore, hm?” Tony suggested. He tossed the ball back, and the tallest of the kids belated caught it inches from his nose. Tony gave them a brief salute and the kids fled, fighting over the ball as they darted out of the crowd.
Steve’s bushy dog brows lowered over his eyes. He made a low rolling noise that accompanied the tossing of his head, and then hopped into the road.
“I didn’t mean it that way,” Tony said. He slouched into a chair and put his forehead in his palm. “I’m just tired. Ignore me.”
Things had been quiet on the Avengers front since his and Steve’s blowout, and Tony hadn’t heard so much as a peep out of the other man in about three weeks. He vacillated between relieved that he’d finally said it, and angry that he’d ever opened his mouth. Mostly, stupidly, he missed Steve, even the very limited part of Steve he’d had. Maybe he could invite Steve back to the lab and they could pretend it hadn’t happened. Or he could make an end run around the invitation altogether and just pick a fight.
The lights from the village were visible through the trees for several hours before they started seeing signs of habitation. Steve’s stomach was trying to eat its way through his ribs, and Tony had become steadily crankier as the night had worn on. The first moon had already set, and though its absence had made the sky seem darker, the air somehow smelled like morning was fast on the approach.
He felt dizzy and sick to his stomach, like being rocked on the surface instead of insulated below the waves. Tony shook his head hard enough to make the helmet rattle, but he was suffocating inside of it, it was too close, and too small, and smelled like iron (really iron, not gold-titanium alloy 1:3). He gagged and tried to take it off, but his hands stayed firmly by his sides.
Steve nodded. He ducked his head to stare at his sock as if he was inspecting it for fibers out of place. He’d been weird since the first time they’d had sex on the couch. He wasn’t as aggressive with Tony anymore, they didn’t fight as much, and sex wasn’t always preceded by Steve getting red in the face with anger. It was nice, but it was also different. Tony knew enough about ‘different’ with relationships to know it meant a goodbye was coming around the corner. He was ready for it, but he wasn’t going to hurry it along either.
, Riverstones said contemptuously. When Steve barked out a protest, Riverstones just looked to the hoard of rats filling the hall. They had formed up into one mass, their eyes focused on Redskull with unnerving intensity.
Waking up in a strange body wasn’t exactly unfamiliar to him. It had taken him months after Project Rebirth to not wake up in a panic of frantically patting hands to make sure his new body hadn’t been a dream, and it had taken months and months more to get a handle on where his limbs were going to be at any given moment. Waking up as Not Human was something he’d had more than one nightmare about over the years. Despite all of that, it had taken only a few hours to go from the absolute horror of waking up in a four-legged creature’s body, to having some trouble conceptualizing walking on two feet. Licking Tony’s face had seemed natural, as natural as curling up next to him for warmth, and he was having increasing trouble stopping himself from sniffing Tony’s ass just to make sure he was healthy.
“There you two are!”  Strange said. His words seemed to come slowly, as if they had to pass through a sheet of water before being morphed into barks. Tony’s head twitched, and Steve wondered if maybe the words sounded like meows to him. “Universe number 213. You couldn’t have stayed a
The village lights were burning brightly, and there was a great bustle of noise as he found his way back to the dogs’ house. He hopped over the fence with some trouble, unbalanced by the kitten in his jaws, and the suit still sitting on his shoulders. He had to put the kitten down for a second, and she immediately curled up by his feet, fighting to squirm under his belly. Tony let his weight rest on her, and she started to purr loudly. He found himself purring in response, the vibration in his chest making him feel better.
“You’re strangers!” the puppy announced excitedly. He wagged his tail so hard that he knocked himself over. “Hi! Are you here to see someone? Is it my mom? Do you want to see her? I’ll get her!” He scrambled up and made awkward progress back to his front door, yapping the whole time, and seeming to be unsure if he wanted to run or jump. He tripped three times before squirming through the opening in one of the larger houses. Steve could hear him frantically calling to his mom through the open window.
“It’s important for team morale and cohesion, Tony,” Sam said. “Just stop being a baby and sit down. An hour and you can get out of here.”
Looking troubled, Steve lowered him slowly back to the desk, and then leaned over Tony’s chest again, careful to keep his weight to himself as he slid the knots away from Tony’s wrists. Tony’s back instantly protested having his weight on his spine again, and his shoulders throbbed from the release of pressure as soon as the belt fell away. Steve didn’t let him suffer there for long. He slipped one arm under Tony’s shoulders, and the other under his knees. A soft breath was all he had to show for the exertion as he picked Tony up, and went down to the floor. They joined the sour coffee, Tony’s combat belt, and the rumpled remains of his paperwork.
He didn’t remember Natasha being next to him on the loveseat, but it was her hair tickling his forehead that woke him up. For just half a second, he wanted to fall into the delusion that it was Pepper’s shoulder he was drooling on, Pepper’s hair wisping across his skin, but Natasha’s shoulders were broader, her chest was bigger and sat higher, her hair was shorter, and she used a peppermint shampoo. Pepper had always used grapefruit.
“You do this on purpose,” Steve accused, holding Tony down with one big hand in the middle of his back. He yanked at Tony’s belt buckle and leaned down to bite at his shoulder. “You piss me off just for this.”
Steve snapped out a deafening bark that made Redskull cower briefly before sending him into another fit of meaningless howls.
Steve wobbled at a sharp burst of wind, and lost another foot of ground, but was apparently determined to keep his position. Meanwhile, trash flew by at speeds that made even the crumpled bits of paper dangerous. The crowd, at least, had willingly yielded to suggestions to run.
“Death is too good for him,” Bucky added in a chilly drawl. With Tony out of eyeshot, Steve finally let Sam drag him over to the armored follow truck. It was an ambulance that had been refitted in black armor plates, but the interior was much the same. Sam followed him into the back while Bucky and Natasha climbed into the big rig, and Clint took the wheel of the truck. Bruce waited inside with a pair of gloves on and a triage kit rolled out beside him, looking decidedly nervous. Steve was distantly angry that they’d brought Bruce within potential striking distance of Kilgrave. The thought of the Hulk under Kilgrave’s control would be enough to give Steve nightmares for decades, but he was just too tired. Bruce gave him a look that crossed somewhere between stubborn resolve and apology. Steve didn’t say anything. He sat down as directed and let Sam cut his uniform away. He tried very hard not to think about Tony with tears in his eyes and a .44 aimed at his chest.
Tony shook his head, growing annoyed and frightened at his day-time dreaming. Maybe he’d hit his head when he fell. “No, I’m fine. Just misheard.”
The kitten, quiet up to then, began to cry in sharp piercing bursts. Tony immediately moved out of the cover of the house as the terrified mother turned toward the sound. The rest of the villagers came running as well, and Tony hastily put the kitten down, afraid they might think he’d been trying to kidnap her.
Ears back and tail swishing rapidly through the wet grass, Tony glared at Steve. Sitting up in an awkward hunch, Steve glared back.
“Iron Man, War Machine, stand down!” he commanded. There was no answer. His lips thinned into a worried-angry-frightened line. “Tony, there is another way. Come back.”
“Why have you stopped coming to team movie nights?” Steve asked one afternoon, apropos of nothing, while Tony ‘caught his breath’ in Steve’s lap. Steve started tapping his fingers impatiently on Tony’s side, so Tony gave up and slid out of his lap. He didn’t settle on the couch, but climbed directly to his feet and started gathering clothes, putting some space between them.
People didn’t have paws. Tony was a human and shouldn’t have paws. The skin all the way down his spine tingled, and his face itched, and his tail lashed out.
Beneath the armor, his fur was moist and pressed down close to his body. He stretched, grateful to feel the breeze on his body. Hopping down, he made his way outside to relieve himself. The street was alive. Mostly dogs with their puppies, but he could see mice scurrying beneath their paws. He wondered briefly why he didn’t feel any particular urge to chase them, and then chastised himself silently. They were obviously thinking beings. Not wanting to run them down and pull them apart shouldn’t be a surprise.
Steve couldn’t manage to answer either of them, and just ended up stuck in a loop of growling and short snarls whenever he needed a breath.
The faceplate popped open and Tony’s lips moved, but Steve couldn’t hear a word. He tried to make himself a smaller package, sinking against Tony’s chest. He pulled the shield in tight, and Tony snapped the faceplate down. Steve felt a brief upward movement, and then a twist in the wind sent them into a tumbling spiral. Steve was torn out of Tony’s fingers, and dropped downward like he’d been caught in a vacuum.
Steve yanked away from him finally, and slammed a hand into the wall at Tony’s side, face a mask of conflict. “You infuriate me.”
Tony cracked his eyes open and the captain was right, of course he was. The sun was just barely above the horizon, one larger star among a sea of them. The sky was dark. Snow ghosted across a barren landscape of ice fields. He was wearing snowshoes. When he looked over his shoulder, the shore wasn’t even visible. They could have been walking for days. He remembered taking the boat in, taking a helicopter in, riding in on snowmobiles, a sled and a team of dogs.
Tony ended up in Steve’s lap as Steve settled himself against the wall with Tony’s chair level to his shoulder.
“Mr. Stark,” Jarvis repeated from somewhere in the vicinity of the ceiling. Speakers, Tony thought, an intercom system (except that Jarvis was dead and this was JARVIS, who was not speaking through a computer, he
“Not that your body will let you, but if you pass out, I’ll just give the gun to your sweetheart and ask him to put a bullet in your skull,” Kilgrave noted. “Of course, you wouldn’t care anymore, being dead, but I think I would let him go after that. I think I would tell him to go sit on the edge of his bed and just think about what he’d done.”
Steve stopped him as they crossed into the kitchen, and turned to face him. Tony was aware of Steve’s hand on his arm, but he couldn’t feel it through the armor. He imagined he could, though, the warm expanse of his palm pressed into Tony’s skin, long artist’s fingers curled around his bicep.
“I have been having some performance and discipline issues with my support staff.” He clenched his teeth immediately after getting the words out, his gaze direct and hostile.
Tony’s jaw slackened. He closed his eyes tightly. The room rocked like they were on the ocean, and Tony’s memory shifted again.
“Captain Rogers is requesting entry to the lab, Sir,” Jarvis announced over the music. Tony thumbed the welder off and nudged his faceplate up. He glared at the hunk of metal on his workstation and set the welder aside. It wasn’t like he was getting anywhere with it.
Tony commented when they reached the top of a rise in the road and found the village spread out below them. He almost sounded more annoyed that it had been a shorter trip than he’d expected.
Unfazed by the insult, she dropped to the ground and rolled around, laughing. Steve’s ears flicked at the sound. It was both very clearly a laugh, and also just a collection of high-pitched yips. Tony made an unhappy
“Why don’t you spin the cylinder, Mr. Stark?” a soft voice suggested from the darkness. Steve’s eyes flashed over to the darkened corner. His quads bunched and he managed to lift himself an inch and a half off the chair, hands planted on the table while Tony’s nails scraped across the surface and the gun chittered as it shook.
Tony wondered how long the issues had been going on, and how badly they’d gotten that Steve felt the need to come to him. Steve had always taken the performance of his team personally. He’d always considered failings from a member of the team as a reflection on himself. Tony’s first instinct was to goad him into admitting that people made their own choices, bully him out of his bad mood, and then invite him out for some terrible street food. It took an almost physical effort to stop himself from smiling. He didn’t think Steve would appreciate his humor.
“I’m fine!” Tony interrupted the crewmen who’d just stepped around the corner. “Just… went down the wrong tube. Fine.” He pushed past the man (he had a name, Tony was sure), and hurried back to his cabin. It was probably a better idea if he just stayed there until the expedition left in the morning.
Neither Steve or Captain America had been able to argue, because of course Tony was right. He usually was when it counted.
“Yeah,” Tony agreed. He watched Steve walk away and stayed on the couch well past the point that the leather started getting gross.
Tony turned away before Steve could get anything else out. It was bad enough that he’d even managed to
“Come on, kids, jump down!” he urged. The girl who had come up to him hopped out readily, but the others stayed huddled in the back of the cage, shaking and terrified. If only he had hands. The girl huddled by his feet, reminding him of Nighteyes as she tried to get as close to him as possible.
” Tony shouted after him in frustration and tossed himself sideways. He landed on the cold floor in his cabin, tangled up in his sleeping bag, shivering and drenched in sweat once again. It was even worse than being trapped in the Iron Man suit, smothered by the fabric and trapped with his own heat, the sick scent of his sweat.
tell him. The temperature at the center of the anomaly was so low that he couldn’t measure it from the suit, and yet the temperature within centimeters of the anomaly’s perimeter was only fractions of a degree cooler than the air sixty feet away. The depth couldn’t be measured, and Tony didn’t have instruments sensitive enough to measure how much – if any – light was being reflected by the surface. For that matter, Tony wasn’t entirely sure it
He wondered if he’d ever been that obvious, but he suspected not. His Steve wouldn’t have stood for it.
smile at his counterpart. “It’s me! I love it.” He examined Anthony without making any effort to disguise his curiosity. They were nearly of a height, but it was hard to tell when Anthony was in dress shoes and Tony was in his undersuit.
Redskull took one look at the onrushing freight train of a few hundred pounds of canine fury, and turned to run. Green light soared over Steve’s back to hit the running man right on the ass. He stumbled forward, tried to regain his balance, but got Steve’s shield to the back of his legs before he could get more than a couple steps. He fell to one knee and Steve was on him in an instant.
He may have been raised Catholic, but his Irish mother had instilled a sometimes-contradictory, though just as fervently adhered-to respect for the wee folk. Looking around the village made the fur on the back of his neck stand up. For one moment, he wondered if the puddles of darkness had really been fairy rings. He’d inhaled enough dust and bugs while exploring the forest to make him wonder if it counted as eating.
Steve cleared his throat and blushed, squirming uncomfortably on the bed, though Tony noticed his cock twitch with interest as he did. “Preparation is very important. Tony, I really don’t want to hurt you. You look like you’ve been through a cement tumbler full of rocks.”
Finally sprawling out on his stomach, Tony listened for sounds of pursuit. The clearing was quiet except for insect noises and the labored panting of whatever he’d run from. Whatever it was, it was obviously hurt too badly to chase to him. Charging off blindly into an alien forest wouldn’t help him, and he still needed to find Steve. Thor had said the wind portal “smacked” of Loki’s magic, and Steve and Tony had fallen into some kind of portal themselves.
Tony eased himself sideways to be out of the way, but close enough to catch him if needed. Steve pressed the edge of the shield into the ground and vaulted upwards. Without the wind, it would have been an impressive leap, but with an 80 mph gust shooting up underneath him, it looked like he’d taken flight. Tony cursed and fired his thrusters to catch up. As if it were a sentient thing, the wind gusted at his knees to knock him sideways, and then another pushed him downwards with such force that he hit the pavement faceplate first.
Tony twisted to look at it, gaping as the thing swung around with a mind of its own. It was clad in armor plating, long and slender, and now that he knew it was there, he was aware of exactly how uncomfortable it was in the armor plating.
Tony decided to ignore him. Cats played the I’m Ignoring You as if You Do Not Exist game all the time. He was a cat (Temporarily, a cat-shaped person), he could play that game. On the other side of the small clearing, the wolf had her tongue lulling out of her mouth, lips stretched into a grin without a hint of teeth showing. She tilted her head to look at Tony quizzically.
“Me? How am I supposed to take ‘I want you to remember’ seriously, Steve? Do you even hear yourself? I know what I did! I might not remember it, but I know. Did you really think that I wouldn’t do the research? Study every scrap of information I could get my hands on? I
“So how does this go down?” Tony asked while Steve just stared up at him. “Should I suck you off?” At Steve’s scandalized expression, Tony laughed. “No? I’ve always thought that I could probably hold you down in the suit. Should we try that instead?”
He asked. The voice that translated in Steve’s head was low and gravelly. Steve noticed that he had a series of three parallel white streaks down his neck, and wondered what had happened.
Tony explained with a hint of a glare in his voice. He finally dropped back to all fours, and then walked underneath Steve, apparently just to be obtuse. He knocked his head against Steve’s ribs on the way through, and then continued up the road in a saunter, tail up.
The last she said uncertainly, as if she would rather not encourage their presence, but she was too polite to tell them to leave. Steve hurriedly stepped away from her so she didn’t feel crowded. She looked at him with undisguised curiosity as did.
Another of the dogs joined them. She got a lick on the face from Moonlight, and then was piled with puppies shouting, “Sister!”
It had developed into a pattern. The team invited him up for hey-we’re-all-awake-wanna-watch-X-Files? And Tony started out with perfectly good intentions of explaining why Scully was such a horrible example of a scientist, but he ended up curled against someone within a few minutes of the opening music. He’d managed to fall asleep in Bruce’s lap, tucked into Clint’s neck, twice on Natasha, once wedged between Sam’s back and the cushions, and woke up in the process of draping his leg over Rhodey’s knee twice. The one time he’d fallen asleep on Thor, the bigger man had gathered him up like a teddy bear and it had taken Tony ten minutes of squirming to get out of his grip. It had gotten out of hand, and he couldn’t keep doing it – even with ‘thank you for letting me force-cuddle you last night’ presents – or they would put it together. He was surprised they hadn’t already.
By the time he righted himself, the two canines had caught up. They leaped through the curtain, Steve’s shield somehow hovering above his back like a flying saucer, and Riverstone’s teeth, eyes, and claws glowing brilliant green. The both skidded to a halt, and Tony thumped to the ground at Steve’s side.
“Hey, it’s okay, you’re safe now,” he said softly, and then tore at the rope with his teeth. The kitten inside meowed piteously and began to shake. Tony started to purr just to let them know that he was still there, gnawing and tugging at the rope, annoyed all over again that he didn’t have opposable thumbs anymore.
“I’m trying,” Tony gritted out. “I’m looking for him. Jesus fucking Christ, just tell me where he is!”
Tony followed after him slowly, and the moment his knee touched the mattress, Steve’s legs parted without so much as a glance of suggestion. Tony laughed delightedly. Steve’s immediate reaction was to pull his legs together, but Tony reached out and caught him by one knee.
“There it is,” Tony groaned when he finally felt his own orgasm building like slow fire between his legs. “Fuck, Steve. Stay like that, just –” Steve obligingly held himself at the same angle, his hand working over his cock in fast jerks while he clenched tighter and tighter for a third time.
. He would smile, even covered in dirt, and sweat, and blood, and Tony would feel like he was flying with his feet firmly on the ground.
As if in answer, he heard the shuffle of boots somewhere above him and to his left, accompanied by the murmur of deliberate communication. He recognized the sound immediately as a trained fighter clearing a stairwell. He considered getting up and moving into a defensible position, but it just seemed like so much effort. He waited as the boots thumped down the stairs, and wished he had a drink. It had been a few hours. Or more, depending on how long he’d been unconscious.
“Well, she wasn’t going to just tell you my name, now was she?” Riverstones said calmly. He gave Steve an intense stare. “And you are from the realm of the Two Legs.” He let his tongue flop out of his mouth in a broad smile. “I suppose you want to go back there.”
Was he that much of an asshole that he really hadn’t noticed anyone else? No, one of Tony’s talents had always been in recognizing people, remembering names. He knew the names of most his employees at Stark Industries – Stark International – Stark… Jesus Christ, he couldn’t even remember the name of his own company. He made a desperate, trapped animal noise, and finally managed to struggle out of his sleeping bag, worming across the floor, and his legs suddenly didn’t work right, he needed the reactor in the workshop (Reactor?).
He reached out almost unwillingly and flipped the lever off. Cool air rushed in the moment the water turned off, and his skin pebbled up instantly. Slapping one arm across his chest, he snaked the other out of the shower and snagged his towel off the hook. As soon as he got home, he was installing heated floors – hell maybe heated walls, and heated toilet seats while he was at it – in every bathroom he owned. Theoretically, it was 72 degrees in the berths.
Tony’s finger, resting on the outside of the trigger guard, tugged in. Steve’s eyes flickered down and back up while Tony’s knuckle went white with the effort to pull the trigger through the guard. Annoyed, Kilgrave amended, “Put your finger on the trigger, and pull it!”
Tony fumbled a flashlight out of his pocket and swung it around the interior of the plane. Steve would have been in the pilot’s chair when he’d crashed. The impact would have thrown him forward. He could have been thrown out of the windows. He could be anywhere. Drifting under the water where only the submarines could find him, encased in a glacier and lost for another century or twenty.
Finally, Moonlight’s mate stepped gingerly over his puppies and walked the few steps to stand opposite Steve. Steve was the larger by a good margin, but the other dog had a look about him that made Steve wary all the same. He had a wide face, and smooth fur mottled chocolate and russet brown. He gave Steve a careful once over, and then leaned forward to sniff at him. Steve was caught between pulling away from the treatment, and leaning forward to do the same. Off to his side, Tony readied himself for a fight.
When he turned around, he was in some kind of lab with the other Avengers (who was driving the boat?), staring down at the body (Steve) laid out on a bunk. He was dressed in familiar red, blue, and white, with the shield on his chest, face relaxed in sleep, hands at his sides. His uniform was sparingly covered in scraps of tan cloth (he’d been frozen, nothing should have disintegrated) Tony also remembered an image of him encased in a block of ice, thawing slowly on a table, surrounded by SHIELD techs in biohazard gear (What was SHIELD? – Except he did remember Director, no Colonel Fury, a doughnut shop, a hostile takeover, a woman with red hair infiltrating his life,
Steve said his own goodbyes Riverstones and Moonlight’s litter. He exchanged nose bumps with the adult dogs, wuffed out farewells to crowds of mice, and stood on his back legs to shake paws with the kangaroo. She was delighted by this, and sat back on her tail while she shook his paws vigorously.
. He couldn’t remember ever not feeling so lost in his own skin. He must have, once, but maybe he’d just been lying to himself so there was a glimmer of hope that it might not always feel like this. “The sex is good, and I just thought it would be enough to.” He made a helpless noise against his teeth and pressed his hands in his eyes. “You hold me sometimes, and I thought. If I just didn’t say anything. Maybe you would stay like that.”
Eyes narrowed, the captain said, “Dr. Winslow is in the echo lab. Do you need to see the physician?”
Steve’s eyes glowed in the encroaching darkness. He tipped his head to one side and glanced back at the trio in the sand. “I guess that’s up to you.”
The door at the end of the hall swung open at a touch, and the boat abruptly stopped moving. He looked over his shoulder to the familiar corridors of the ship, to the captain just visible at the turn in the hallway, to Steve standing silently beside him, and then turned back to the door. Through the doorway was a shore of dark sand, the sullen blue of Atlantic Ocean with a storm gathering in the distance. The air was cold and electric with impending fury, and far above the water the sky had been torn open.
“Always,” Tony quipped, giving Steve a backwards wave on his way back to the first of the black puddles. He stopped just at the edge, and seemed to just stare at it. His shoulders were tilted opposite to his hips, and the set of his helmet suggested he was trying to look away.
So it shouldn’t have been anything new when he realized that Steve didn’t like to cuddle. In Steve’s defense, they were just fucking – and it was usually I-am-so-angry-with-you-that-if-we-don’t-handle-it-this-way-I-will-punch-you-in-the-face fucking, so. But if Tony stayed quiet after they finished and let Steve catch his breath, there were a few moments that Steve would keep his arms around Tony’s chest, his breath on the back of Tony’s neck, his heart beating strong and wild against Tony’s spine. It was almost like cuddling.
A moment passed in strained silence, and then a woman with a lab coat over her bullet-proof vest came into the room. She had a laptop curled in one arm, and was holding a wand out that was connected to the laptop by a curling cord. She didn’t look at Tony, but walked around the room, waving the wand slowly in front of her. Steve kept his eyes on Tony like a particularly ill-tempered bird of prey – Tony almost opened his mouth to call Steve a fluffy bald eagle of Freedom and Justice and The American Way, but ended up just laughing to himself instead.
Nails leaving gouges in the wood, Tony lifted his hand and spun the cylinder with a twitch. His shooting hand moved more smoothly, jerking the gun over so the cylinder clattered home. The stop hand locked into a notch and Tony let out a shaky breath. His shoulders relaxed once he’d fulfilled the order and he shuddered.
Before Tony could say anything, Steve was pressing him to the ground with his greater weight, licking his head, and sniffing him all over.
Steve said nothing for a long moment, still playing with the plastic cup and it’s lingering few drops of golden-red whiskey. Tony wondered what
of the respirator. A shiver ran up his spine, following a flush of warmth from his toes to his neck. He put a hand over his chest, the flat place where the reactor used to be. The pressure of Steve’s fingers around his hand stayed firm and constant.
Tony thumped down to the pavement, showboating for the appreciative audience. Steve rolled his eyes as he turned away from the display. A moment later, he heard Iron Man’s heavy steps behind him, and turned just enough to catch the flashy suit of armor in his peripheral vision.
“I love you,” Tony gasped through the stickiness in his throat. Tears streamed messily down his face, leaving cold streaks on his hot cheeks. “I always have, I’m sorry. It wasn’t worth it.”
For several beats, there was no sound, no movement. Tony felt the cold settling into his bones as he watched Captain America pace restlessly at the boarder of land and sea. When War Machine broke through the surface with an armor-less Tony in his arms, Steve splashed into the waves to meet him and practically tore Tony out of his grip. They crashed to the sand, water licking at their feet, and Steve yanked Tony’s mouth open to check his airway, tilted Tony’s head back and sealed their lips together. Rhodey dropped heavily on Tony’s other side, the faceplate of the armor looking absolutely murderous in the strange light.
This might have gone all night, but the plushy warmth abruptly stood up. Annoyed, Tony curled his neck to bring his head off the ground and glared at his retreating blanket.
A pained whimper made him automatically drop to his belly. His ears pricked forward to track the sound, and his tail went very still. For the first time, Tony took in his surroundings. The sky was a pale blue-gray, he was in grass that went over his head while he was crouched down, and surrounded by dark trees. The air smelled wet and sharp like ozone, and two faint shapes of moons were visible just over the trees.
. Next to it, another door stood next to it, innocuous medium-gold plywood installed in every hospital ever built.
“This looks like something Bugs Bunny drew on the ground,” Steve said, crouched down in the street to peer into the blackness on the sidewalk. It was an
Steve jumped, yelping at the sudden high-pitched voice. Tony cackled. The puppy standing at the edge of the road wagged his tail furiously.
“Watch your six, Cap,” Tony warned. He wished Steve would just get onto the opposite side of the dangerous puddle of
An alarm went off, and Tony whirled toward the source, automatically backing away from the slowly growing puddle of void at his feet. A burst of wind thundered down the street, screaming against the closely packed townhouses. He crossed his arms over his face on instinct, and felt his stabilizers flaring behind him as the wind smacked into him with sledgehammer force. Behind him, civilians screamed as the wind picked people up off their feet and threw them into the street.
“C-Captain Rogers…” she said, taking a step back from him even as she tried to smile comfortingly. “Please calm down.”
Rhodey pointed the way out. Tony shook his head. Sam pushed gently at Steve’s hip, avoiding his injuries while trying to get him to move. Steve shook his head. He stood side-by-side with Tony while Kilgrave was muzzled, sedated, and bound. Clint had given him a set of the noise-canceling headphones as well and Steve felt a sick flash of anger at the gesture. He clenched his fist so tightly around the bandage that he twisted the open wound beneath. Sam tried to get him to leave again and Steve stubbornly shook his head.
Steve stepped out of the doorway, but didn’t close the door. He stopped at Tony’s side and looked up. His expression was one of profound sadness as he watched, like he knew what was going to happen. Of course, he did know what was going to happen, because
Tony looked up at houses set higher along the trunks. His whiskers stretched forward in obvious longing, but he said,
Steve said like he was humoring Tony. He twisted to look at Tony over his shoulder, his tail curled up so it nearly rested on his back.
Steve finally took pity on his teammate and leaned down to pick Sunshine up. Without really knowing how he knew to do it, he got the puppy right away by the neck. Sunshine went obligingly limp in his grip, and Steve carried him back over to the beautiful mother dog. One of her puppies had pushed underneath her belly and was trying to get to a teat. Steve set Sunshine down, who promptly climbed over one of his brothers to muscle between his mom’s front legs. She bore up to their seeking noses gracefully.
Tony’s eyes flickered over to Steve, who still wasn’t looking at him. He sighed, grabbed a carton of pepper beef with broccoli, another of rice, and a pair of chopsticks. Steve didn’t tense up as Tony sat down next to him, but the space between them became suddenly charged. Tony wasn’t sure he could make it an hour, but he did. It was a game that he and Rhodey used to play at MIT, becoming more outlandish with each cheap beer they threw back. By the time the hour had passed and Clint had seamlessly switched Mystery Science Theatre 3000 for Scrubs, Tony had relaxed despite himself. It was the first decent meal he’d had in days, and the first time he’d been in the common area in more than a month.
Riverstones made an abrupt turn at a shallow creek. He led them upstream for what Steve gauged to be about a mile, though it was harder to judge distances in his canine form. While he missed the color vision, there was almost a sort of nostalgia about it that reminded him of being a child. The tradeoff for his missing color vision was night vision like he’d never experienced. He knew Tony’s eyes would be more acute than his in the dark, and wondered what the night time world looked like to him when it was so beautiful to Steve.
Steve sucked in a breath. It whistled past the blockage in his throat, filled up the hollow, hurting places in his chest. On his left side, three broken ribs protested the movement with sharp bites. He concentrated on the pain, pulled in another deep breath, tried to ignore Tony’s shaking hand, tried to keep his eyes locked on Tony’s face and not on the gun. His lips were dry and they drew apart reluctantly. “Look at me, Tony. We can get through this together.”
A high-pitched series of squeaks echoed abruptly off the walls, giving Tony a better idea of how big the corridor had to be – big. They all went stock still, and Tony tried to track the sound. The clicking nails and the drag of a heavy tail came from around the corner. Tony had a bare moments warning from the heat of the rat’s nose before it turned toward them.
Maybe the words startled him, or maybe Steve just finally realized that Tony couldn’t handle another moment of the torture. He slid his arms under Tony’s knees, wedged his hands under Tony’s lower back, and pulled him off the desk. It might have been the weight coming off his lower back as much as Steve’s implied permission, but Tony came with painful suddenness. He gasped and whimpered his way through the orgasm, and was left floating in the aftermath. He couldn’t feel the edge of the desk biting into his arms, he couldn’t feel the tingling in his hands, or the throb around his spine. Steve held his weight effortlessly, and let Tony drift through the haze. As vulnerable as he’d felt earlier, he felt equally protected and warm in the wake of his orgasm.
They fumbled together in the darkness, Steve’s hands skating carefully over Tony’s body like he was looking for each of the bruises. Under the alcohol, the pressure of his touch on each sore spot felt almost good, but he wasn’t in the mood to be coddled. He finally knocked Steve’s hands away, and leaned out of his reach.
Tony’s shoulders slumped. Pieces were slotting into place, the crazy knot that his mind was slowly unraveling, strands straightening out from the tangle of others. “You’re better off without me.”
“I wanted to talk to you about my operational support team,” Steve said after a moment of staring. His voice was gruff, the words clipped and bitten off, the way they always seemed to be when he talked to Tony lately.
Steve stood up abruptly. The girl jumped. “Who are you?” Steve demanded. He heard it when her tone overlaid with a fast shriek of fright, but her uneasiness just made him positive that something fishy was going on. “Where am I?”
Before he could gather up the nerves to eat the cooked food, a scratch at the door had heralded a big gray tomcat. He’d come in backwards, his tail up in the air, and holding a great flopping fish by the tail. Steve had shifted over, and the tom had joined them at the table, dropping the fish in front of Tony and inviting him to dig in.
Steve made an uncertain noise in the back of his throat. He’d been the first on scene, and the only one staring into that terrible darkness in person. Almost unwillingly, he stretched close to the abyss to grab a rock from the sidewalk, and then chucked it underhand into the perfectly round pit of darkness. It vanished silently into the pit as if it had never existed.
Steve became so embroiled in the wonderful world that had been living right under his nose his whole life, that he was startled into a leap when Tony dropped down from a low branch. Steve landed awkwardly and had to scramble back to his feet while Tony made a strange chuffing sound. For a moment, he was worried that he’d scared Tony into some kind of heart attack, but remembered that he’d heard the noise before.
Steve tossed his head in acknowledgement. “It’s nice to meet you, Walker. My friend’s name is Tony.”
Steve snorted. He pushed himself off the couch and started gathering up his clothing. He didn’t say anything else until he was tucked away and buttoned up, belt buckled and shoes back on. “I’ll see you for training tomorrow?”
know them. This was Bruce Banner, and also the Hulk, and Green Bean, and Meangreen, and Bruciebear, and Rage Monster.
Kittens came out by the dozens, some squirming in the grip of the green light, others hanging limply like they would when carried by an adult cat, and still others trying jump away. They were deposited in the tunnel, and then more kittens were brought down, and more yet. There had to be close to three hundred of them by the time all the cages had been emptied. Some of the kittens took off down the tunnel right away, but most of them stayed where they’d been set down, crying and huddled together.
There was a scrape of movement, and then a high pitched whine. Whatever it was, it was hurt, and probably bigger than Tony-the-freaking-cat, and it might want to eat him, armor and all. He tried to get the faceplate back up, but he couldn’t get his paws to reach between his shoulder blades. His pulse leapt up, and he dropped his mouth open to pant. Meanwhile, his back legs started to tingle with tension. Running would be a good idea if he knew what was out there, or how to run on four legs for that matter.
Natasha nodded and Rhodey stiffy opened a panel over his chest. Tony didn’t wait for him to retrieve the bracelets, but reached in himself and pulled them out. He snapped them over his wrists, but then gave Steve an uncertain look.
And in typical Stark fashion, Tony was turning his strange dream into a living obsession, out on the high seas just like the old man, searching for a corpse. Tony had no idea what he expected to find, or what he thought would happen once he did. So maybe he found
Tony looked helplessly at the hospital bed, Steve standing next to him, staring down the doctor giving him news he didn’t want to hear and refused to believe, as if his refusal to believe would make her
Cutting through the background noise of the plant life took some negotiating with his new suit, but he finally got the sense of an empty place behind the rock. It was marginally warmer than the surrounding stone, and came close to the surface. Tony dismissed the enhanced vision and sat down to stare at the cliff. Close to the surface was somewhat relative. There were still several feet of solid rock between them and the potential entrance to the cave system.
Steve would have thought of this version of himself. They looked similar – not identical, but very close. The Steve he knew better maybe had a more prominent jaw, a wider face. Tony thought that he was maybe a touch taller, and a bit broader too, but that could be the effects of the slimming bodysuit. This Steve was still packed with muscle, still looked like he could snap a tree trunk over his knee if he wanted, still looked like Captain America. He wasn’t though, that was someone else in this universe now. There had also never been such a thing as the Ultimates. They’d been called Avengers (God, that was stupid, but so was Ultimates).
When he woke up, the sun was sinking below the horizon. Tony yawned and dug his claws into the bark so he could stretch his spine out. He didn’t think he’d ever been so relaxed. Eyeing the darkening sky, Tony considered just going back to sleep. Another eight or twelve or twenty hours sounded nice.
Tony picked his way over and nudged unabashedly under Steve’s chin. He curled into a compact with his armored tail tucked around his nose, and promptly went to sleep. Riverstones joined them shortly after, lowering himself down slowly to the dirt and letting out a great sigh.
busy with the security contract, and was going to have to skip even the couch that night if he wanted it done on time.
“You can’t keep your temper with me because it gets you laid. Classical conditioning.” Tony shifted and stretched as well, arms and legs going wide. When he relaxed, they were pressed together from shoulder to elbow.
Tony shuffled into the room and pressed his hands to the foot of the bed. It didn’t move under his touch, the blankets didn’t pull tight over the feet beneath them.
“Where are you going, Shellhead?” Steve called from behind him. Tony stopped and knocked his head lightly against the wall. Steve’s footsteps caught up,
“…Tony?” Steve said hesitantly. He tilted his head slightly, and said, somewhat nonsensically, “Standby.”
Steve set a splayed hand on Tony’s chest, stilling the motion automatically and briefly covering the light from the RT. He waited only until Tony had subsiding into a trembling wreck on the desk before dragging his fingernails down Tony’s chest and straight into his boxers. He tugged sharply at the waistband. The fabric parted so quickly that it sounded more like a crack than a rip. Steve pulled the frayed ends of the boxers open and left them to rest on Tony's hips. Tony couldn’t remember the last time he’d been so vulnerable. He started to shake, uncontrollable tremors in his thighs and stomach making his shoulder holster rattle against the desk. The humiliation and pure
Tony woke in his bunk. The boat wasn’t just rocking up and down, side-to-side, it was spinning. He was cold and too exhausted to shiver, and he hadn’t zipped the bag up before falling asleep. His left side was even colder than his right, almost numb from his elbow to his shoulder. He struggled to get his arm back into the bag, but he couldn’t reach up to catch the zipper.
“Leave,” he snarled. The words fought across his tongue and his teeth almost bit them off. He sounded more animal than man, mad with anger and fear. “Leave. Go.”
One of the adult cats let out a mournful cry, and the others around her pressed in close, purring and licking her face and neck. Steve made a little
“Stop the engines, Iron Man!” an unfamiliar-but-familiar voice shouted. “There’s something out there!”
“Whatever happened to cutting the wire?” Steve asked gently from his side as they watched Iron Man disappear against the madness-inducing darkness of the portal. In the air, Rhodey was weaving drunkenly and turning shaky loops as he fought the auto-land protocol, and Captain America had his hands and jaw clenched equally tight.
Tony sat up, and patted Steve lightly on the thigh. “Home. Let’s just call this home for now, shall we, darling?” He pushed himself out of the wet mess of the bed, and crossed to the bathroom before Steve could ask him any pressing questions. He turned back at the door, reaching around the frame to turn the light on. “You’re welcome to join me.”
A moment later, Thor landed in the street with a rush of wind, startling Steve into a half turn. Noticing the flinch, Thor set his giant hand on Steve’s shoulder and tilted his chin down slightly. His voice lowered below his customary boom. “Are you well, my friend?”
Steve mouthed at the back of his neck, not a kiss, and not a bite. “I’m sure you’re busy,” he said, pulling away. He made a soft sound of discomfort as he slipped free of Tony’s body, and trailed a hand appreciatively over Tony’s hip as he stepped back.
“We’re going to drop a submersible mid-day and start a spiral while they’re checking the glaciers,” the captain explained. It was obvious from his tone that he didn’t like explaining anything to Tony, but he was aware of who signed his paychecks and resented the obligation even more for it. “You should go down below with Dr. Banner in the echo lab.”
She looked between the two of them silently. The first puppy left her shadow to race back over to Steve’s side. He stood up on his hind legs and bounced excitedly, pawing at Steve’s shoulder in a bid for attention. Not knowing what to do with the pup, Steve just stared at him.
The air seemed to sing and the world took on a strange, almost liquid quality. It happened faster than an eye could blink, but to Steve it seemed like minutes, hours. His muscles responded like they were fighting against steel bindings, but he’d bent steel before. He tossed all of his weight against the leg of the table, jerking sideways as he did.
If there was anything Tony was truly startled about, it was that he’d woken in his own bunk and hadn’t just been taken to medbay while unconscious. He couldn’t remember anything after finding Steve in the ice. Finally, finally finding Steve in the ice.
Fury turned his body to make an inviting gesture back toward one of the giant automobiles. “Come with me, and we’ll get it figured out.”
Steve couldn’t help a laugh as he hopped onto the log. Tony’s claws sank into his fur for purchase, but he didn’t complain at being jostled. Steve still took extra care getting from the log to the bolder, and stepped into the water rather than vaulting over it to reduce the risk of losing his small companion. Riverstones waited for them patiently on the opposite bank, his tongue hanging out of his mouth in a doggy grin. Steve recognized the sly look on his face as one of understanding, and felt himself ducking his head in slight embarrassment. Tony licked his ear once as a shorthand for
“I wasn’t laughing at you. If you had any kind of idea the sort of day I’ve head, you’d see why that was funny. Steve, I can’t give you a new support team. The personnel problems we are dealing with right now would make your head spin.” Tony leaned back in his chair, and might have continued, but Steve’s eyes had gone flat. He was so obviously not interested in the details of Tony’s problems that he may as well have said it out loud. “Suffice to say, you are going to have to find another way. What are the problems?”
long. He’d just made some laps, and chased that rabbit for a while, and barked at that stupid squirrel taunting him from the trees, and rolled in the grass.
Tony yowled with laughter. He felt his tail go up for the first time, curling up at the top in an expression of pleasure. Not half so pleased, Steve snarled at him again. He twisted around and started tearing at the fabric with his teeth. Tony suspected that he started having fun about half way through, growling and shaking his head to tear at the seams. Tony probably could have helped, but he was tired, and not interested in getting in between Steve and his chew toy.
Christ, his subconscious was on a (kind of) first name basis with Captain America – Tony was sure that he had to keep his identity a secret. Captain America was Steve and Tony was Iron Man.
From his new vantage point, he could see confused rats milling around the room, Steve fighting through the throngs of their bodies. They were no longer attacking, but they didn’t seem keen to get out of Steve and Riverstones’ way either, staring dumbfounded at the two dogs whenever their attention could be focused at all.
Tony felt himself twitch. He let go of Steve’s cock and dragged his knuckles down to press at the fabric covering Steve’s ass. The muscle fluttered against his finger as he pushed forward. Steve gasped.
With a triumphant noise, Steve dove into the hole. Tony watched curiously as he tried to wiggle his way further into it, and belated turned on the recording feature. If they were ever able to get home, and if the footage came along with them, the Internet was going to need to see Captain Ameriwolf squirming into a hole like a dog trying to get under a fence. His big bushy tail swished behind him, and his feet kicked comically in the air as he wormed further in.
, she observed. Whether it was just bad timing, or she did it on purpose, Steve didn’t know, but she chose that moment to lick her lips.
Kilgrave stepped away, heels clicking on the concrete. Tony ran out of breath and struggled not to draw in more air. He was trying to make himself pass out, his chest shuddering with increasingly frantic efforts to pull in oxygen. Steve felt sick watching him do it, but he couldn’t take his eyes away. He clenched his jaw shut.
How fucked up was that? He invented a dream world where his childhood hero was not only alive, but called him by affectionate pet names, and for some reason he didn’t want Steve to know his actual identity. Maybe it made sense. Maybe Steve wouldn’t call him by affectionate nicknames if he knew it was
Steve looked up at him sharply, but his legs tightened further like Tony might be trying to escape. Tony laughed again, and leaned forward to bite at Steve’s neck while he tugged the belt away and got the zipper open. He wanted to make a comment about how unpractical body suits were for day to day use, but Steve wore it so damn well that Tony couldn’t complain. He got a hand around Steve’s cock and pulled it out a little too roughly. Steve hissed, but pressed readily up against him.
“When I first found you…” Steve trailed off uncertainly. That was different. The Steve Tony knew didn’t do uncertain. Tony was pretty sure that Steve’s answer to uncertain was ‘punch it in the face until it dies.’ This Steve’s entire body radiated uncertainty, anxiety, maybe a touch of fear.
get to ask that,” Steve ground out. “You got to forget. I can’t, and it’s not my responsibility to make you understand.”
It was the captain, not Rhodey (Of course not Rhodey, James Rhodes was a classmate at MIT, and they were friends, they were best friends, but Rhodey wasn’t War Machine, wasn’t a colonel, wasn’t on the expedition, didn’t know Steve (yes, of course he did, he was a fucking Avenger, he’d been Iron Man and Iron Patriot, and he’d rescued Tony in Vietnam – no, Afghanistan. He’d been employee, friend, ally, adversary. They’d fought together and against each other, and rescued the president,
The left gauntlet arrived and Tony nodded once. He turned to face the rest of the suit as at came in more-or-less in one piece. The right gauntlet folded around him, and Tony lifted himself off the ground enough for the boots to fit to his feet. The rest of the suit encased him in a smooth movement and he hovered over the street for a slow three count before firing up into the clouds. Without a word, Rhodey snapped the faceplate down and followed.
, Tony complained, but he jumped out of the tree to land nearly silently on the fluffed earth, and then moved over to investigate the massive hole. He could hear the soft whistle of air, which must have been what had gotten Steve so excited. A quick look with the infrared showed where the stream was coming from, so Tony eased himself down into the pit to investigate.
Moving very slowly, Steve slipped his hand under Tony’s. When Tony didn’t pull away, he laced their fingers together. “Will you go on a date with me this Friday? Nothing fancy,” he added quickly, still whispering. “I thought we could talk? Out of the workshop.”
Temper deflating, Steve tried to dismiss the storm of annoyance. He gave Tony a nod of acknowledgement, and Tony nodded back without a word. Normally so graceful in the suit, he looked stiff as he turned away from the swelling pools of nothingness. Steve expected him to hover around the strange tears in reality, but Tony turned away from both of them and walked away to wave the gathered gawkers further back.
“What is that you want from him, hm?” Tony wondered, stroking Steve almost idly. He leaned forward enough to lick a stripe up Steve’s neck. “You want him to peel you out of this uniform?” He left Steve’s erection laying on his belly, and wedged a hand behind him to get to the zipper. What a gloriously useless uniform. Steve curled forward to give him access and let Tony pull it off his shoulders.
Riverstones blinked. The great bushy white brows over his eyes drew together, and he tipped his head sideways.
was a German bomber. A regular American soldier had boarded it and forced it down in the ocean to stop its perfectly normal bombs from reaching American soil. Captain America was a comic book hero created to punch Hitler at a time when America refused to get involved. He was a fantasy.
Steve kept his arms around Tony’s back to control their pace, and that was fine because cuddling during sex was almost as good as cuddling to cuddle. Tony legs were trembling by the time Steve finally pushed his forehead against Tony’s collarbone and shuddered his way through an orgasm, but it gave Tony the perfect excuse to put his arms around Steve’s shoulders and rest his cheek on the top of Steve’s head.
Tony gave him an uncertain look. He wasn’t technically ‘free’ any day. Between SI, tech for the Avengers, the occasional baddie who decided to upend his schedule, and the work he managed to squeeze in for his charities, he was always swamped. “Not sure,” he lied, equal parts uneasy and curious.
Steve felt the pressure on his spine ease marginally as Kilgrave focused his attention on Tony. It was barely noticeable, but there. He forced himself to relax, let all the tension out of his limbs. Behind Tony, Kilgrave kept talking, but Tony wasn’t listening. His eyes sharpened on Steve’s chest, noticing the release of tension instantly. His gaze flickered up, and Steve glanced down to the right corner of the table where his knee was still lodged against the leg. Tony didn’t follow his gaze. He swallowed hard and shivered.
Noise of pleading that Tony ignored, because he was ignoring Steve like Steve didn’t exist. As soon as Steve’s nose was out of Tony’s space, he twisted his hips so his back was to Steve, and then turned his attention back to the wolf.
On deck, the captain stood in a rainslicker with a dented tin mug in one hand and a pair of binoculars held up to his eyes with the other. Tony clutched the handrail and tucked his face closer to his shoulder. The ship reared up and came down tilted to one side, somehow at the exact angle to spray freezing water right into his hood. It soaked into his thick sweater, and wet wool smelled like piss. He would vow to burn every piece of wool-anything he owned when he got home, except that it would probably smell even worse on fire.
Steve just stared at him. “I thought you were being polite,” he said quietly. His expression had shifted from angry to devastated, and it just made Tony mad.
There was no arc reactor in his chest, but he felt heavy all the same, like he needed a charging port. His joints ached. He pinballed down the corridor, avoiding the shadowy forms of crewmen who had names (everyone did) but he couldn’t remember them.
They seemed to fight even more since they’d started solving their problems through mutually beneficial orgasms.
“Pretty busy with the security contract for the Pentagon,” Tony said for a pre-emptive excuse. Also not a lie. “Maybe,” he said when Steve didn’t respond or move for several seconds.
“Oh,” Tony rasped. Ridiculously, he felt himself relaxing as he recognized the familiar form. Steve, looking ghostly in the light of a glowing shield, was obviously dead. Ergo, Tony was dead. “This makes more sense.”
overhead before he had to come up with a rejoinder. The jet landed in the nearest intersection, Clint performing a crazy spiral to fit into the residential street.
The boat pitched sharply and Tony jerked awake. He was slumped forward on the bench of a motorboat. For several panicky seconds he didn’t remember how he’d gotten there. He remembered going to bed the night before, his dinner sitting heavy in stomach. He thought he remembered throwing up in the night. He definitely remembered fighting, fighting, fighting, endlessly. He remembered being in a wheelchair at one point, and in a HUMVEE the next, driving a race car, dancing with Pepper, fighting with Pepper, fighting with Steve.
Tony leaned into him and nodded, lips stretching into a smile. He was barely aware of the nurses moving around him over the warmth of Steve’s hand in his own.
Steve offered, ducking his head. His tail tucked slowly down between his legs, and he inched forward to nudge at Tony’s hindquarter with his giant, wet nose.
When the grizzled captain of Howard’s survey vessel had shown up asking where his grant had gone, Tony had considered throwing him out. Instead, he’d put on two layers of long underwear, bought a parka, and gotten on a creaky boat to go explore glaciers. Just like the old man had year-after-miserable-year.
Glancing up at Tony’s face one more time, Steve leaned over abruptly and took Tony’s cock into his mouth, straight down to the root. Tony jerked and gasped at the suddenness of it, legs kicking out automatically, knees lifting in an effort to wrap around Steve’s waist again, but Steve just looked up at him through his long lashes, and Tony instantly subsided. Without the leverage to even thrust upward, he couldn’t do more than flop helplessly. Steve was not gentle with him, as much teeth as tongue, sucking hard like he meant to pull Tony inside out. It was too intense to be exactly pleasurable, not painful enough to be anything else. Tony bit into his lip and screamed Steve’s name against his teeth, tasting fresh blood as his mind whited out.
Tony slammed a fist into the foot of the bed with a sudden burst of heat. For a moment, his cheeks flushed with warmth and his chest expanded sharply. For a moment, he felt the sun slanting across his  body.
They stared at each other for several tense seconds, before Tony finally twitched his ears and twisted around the groom his tail back under the armor plates. Steve could tell that he was still pissed from the tension in his spine, and decided to explore while Tony got himself sorted out.
. He couldn’t stand, fine, so he would crawl. The nose of the plane had crashed into the water, frozen, and then been pushed out. There was thick coating of ice that extended from front console to the base of the pilot’s chair.
half-buried in the snow (did that make sense after seventy odd years? No, not seventy-odd, it hadn’t been that long. Just fifty? Maybe only twenty-four? He couldn’t keep it straight.) He finally managed to choke down the mouthful and hit himself hard in the chest to clear his airway (the reactor, Jesus – except, it wasn’t there. He didn’t have a heart problem, he’d never been to Afghanistan – no, Vietnam).
Tony didn’t mention that, impact gel or not, he probably looked like he’d been in the rock-filled cement mixer more often than not. He reached over and flicked off the lights, plunging them into near total darkness interrupted only by the faint glow of a few electronic clocks. Tony noted absently that he would have to put tape over all of them later if he wanted to get any sleep.
Steve huffed out a soft laugh, and Tony found his rhythm again. He pushed Steve through another orgasm, but didn’t stop to let him calm down again, and Steve rewarded him with loud curses as he reached up to grab the headboard. Tony started cursing himself, and the whiskey, as Steve built up a third time and was starting to sound a little frantic and over-sensitive.
“I look enough like someone you can’t have to make it worth your while?” Tony guessed, and just held down a laugh when Steve looked away from him in shame.
“We’re… well, we’re not from around here.” Steve wasn’t sure if he should tell her that they were from another planet, and that he wasn’t actually a wolf. For one, he didn’t know if she’d believe him, and for all he knew, humans were the enemy.
The first moon had just passed its zenith, and the second was hot on its tail when they made it to the base of a cliff. Riverstones stopped, and made a production out of sitting himself down. He tipped his muzzle straight up to follow its smooth surface up and up… and up.
He looked up to see Steve examining him. He had his hands on his hips, his head tipped to the left, eyes narrowed. Abruptly, he asked, “Why don’t you ever fall asleep on me?”
Tony answered. His voice was somehow still Tony, but it came along with a prickly sensation at the back of Steve’s neck.
“Sorry, Cap,” Tony whispered. He couldn’t hear Iron Man’s response through the comms, but he didn’t need to. He closed his eyes. “I’ll take it from here, Rhodey.”
Steve looked disappointed, but he took his hands away from Tony’s ass and moved back. “Sure,” he said with a shrug that he was trying to pass off as casual. He gave Tony a tight smile and turned away. “I’ll leave you alone.”
“STARK!” the captain shouted over the crash of the surf. “If you’re going to be sick, do it over the side!”
She opened her eyes, saw him crouched at the opening of the bag, and crept forward, crying wordlessly. Tony licked her face while she continued to squeak out tiny cries, and then nudged the bag back so he could clean her ears and neck. She quieted gradually, moving closer to him in tiny steps until she curled under his chin. Tony kept bathing her until she stopped shaking despite the acrid taste of urine on her fur.
The third ball just barely escaped his reach, hitting the ground by his left boot and shooting up behind him. He twisted to follow its progress, but Tony snagged the ball out of the air and fired his thrusters to bring it back to the boys. Steve saw the kids obviously struggling between cowering away from Iron Man as he hovered a few feet above the pavement, and gaping at him in awe.
The floor was smooth and even, obviously not naturally occurring, though he had a hard time getting an idea of the dimensions. It was pitch dark, and he was reluctant to turn the exterior lights on in case he’d come up in the middle of the rats’ burrow, and he found himself the center of a lot of unfriendly attention. Even with as stunning as his night vision was, even a cat couldn’t see in utter darkness.
Steve’s eyes slid shut. He shuddered, swallowed hard, and nodded. After a moment, he nodded again. “I missed you. I’ve missed you a lot.”
Steve came after him, nose so close to the ground that he had to be inhaling about as much dirt as oxygen. After a moment of watching their antics, Riverstones joined them. They must have looked ridiculous – a cat pounding on solid rock while a pair of canines sniffed around his feet. Tony tried the repulsors on the stone and ended up flinging himself back several feet. He hissed at the rock automatically, but before he could decide on his next course of action, Steve let out an excited whine and started digging at the base of the cliff.
face faltered and color rose up on his cheeks. He shuffled his feet and Tony was surprisingly turned on by his missing shoes. The red toes on his navy blue socks were somehow adorable.
. Maybe he brought Captain America home in a block of ice. What then? Display his shield at the Smithsonian? Send his body on tour like an Egyptian mummy? Maybe pick through Hydra’s allegedly magical weapons and find some new terror to unleash on the world?
Steve straightened up, squared his shoulders, and said, “I need a new support team. Complete rotation. Start fresh.”
He’d always supposed that he’d be interested in shoving himself down on the nearest flat surface if he ever occasioned to meet another him. Or that he’d punch the other him in the face. It was nice to know that he could want both simultaneously. Much like Steve,
Tony hopped up onto a boulder to get out of the range of Steve’s teeth, and Steve made a frustrated noise. He rolled onto his back and wiggled frantically, but the belt was holding the pants firmly in place. He started making the most pitiful yammering dog noises that Tony had ever heard. It reminded him of a husky. Tony laughed again, unable to help himself, and Steve’s ears twisted around at the chuffing.
“Mighty high opinion of yourself, Captain Anger-Management,” Tony snapped back, because he wasn’t in the mood for banter, and he was tired of being held face-down. He braced his hands against the table and shoved back hard. Not expecting it, Steve stumbled backward. When Tony twisted to look at him, his eyebrows were furrowed together.
Steve stared at the approaching dog in shock. She was… she was beautiful. Beautiful like Peggy had been beautiful. She had solemn dark brown eyes, and shapely legs, and her coat glistened in the early morning light. He blinked, and tossed his head, feeling intensely uncomfortable. The dog looked between them curiously, and then executed a surprisingly graceful bow of her shapely head.
“Jarvis?” Tony croaked, and then stopped because Jarvis was at home with the Avengers – no, dead – no, an AI – no, Vision (Vision?). Tony was starting to unravel, he couldn’t keep anything straight. “I’m fine!” he called out breathlessly. “I’m fine.”
Something big crashed through the brush to his left, and Tony was moving almost before he’d registered the noise. Paws digging into the damp soil, he sprang out of his hiding place and made a run for the trees. He’d never moved so fast in his life. For a moment, he forgot that he was running for his life and relished in the coordination and fluidity of his feline body. The moment he recognized how coordinated he was feeling, he promptly went tumbling tail-over-whiskers into the grass. His feet were quickly tangled up, and he lost track of which limb went where.
It took an embarrassingly long time to occur to him that if he was a cat, Steve might also be a cat. Or at least a something that wasn’t a human with opposable thumbs. Moving very slowly, he poked his head up over the grass. The sky had grown light enough to make out more details of the clearing. Everything was a very dull color, and all of the vegetation in the area was blue or gray. If nothing else, the lack of color made the giant form of the dog stand out.
Tony realized what was happening like a shock to the back of his neck. He felt his lips spreading in a grin, and considered that maybe all of the spy gear actually
Tony decided that he didn’t really like being called ‘cat,’ but they had bigger fish to fry. He slithered off Steve’s back to rush over to the stacks of cages. The kittens has been crammed in like furry sardines, hundreds of them huddled together and crying for their parents.
Tony huffed out a puff of air, and then turned without another word and disappeared over the next rise in the road. Steve reluctantly got up off the ground to trot after him. His uniform top was compressing his fur, and rolling about in the dirt had just gotten it all out of place. He wanted to get out of the uniform top, but then he wouldn’t be able to carry the shield, and he was not leaving it in this strange world. He was also reluctant to part with the last tangible thing reminding him that he was human.
Tony leaned into his shoulders, and together they shuffled out of the lab and back into the corridor. They passed the captain at the juncture that would lead back to his cabin. The man had his arms crossed over his chest and he stared Tony down as they came to a slow stop in front of him. Tony peered around the captain’s bulky form, and then back up the sign. MEDBAY.
Steve obligingly stopped for Tony to catch up, looking back at him curiously. Tony got up on his hind feet, planting his forepaws on Steve’s ribs to steady himself. For a moment, Steve thought that Tony was about to hop up on his back, but Tony just shoved his face against Steve’s shirt and rubbed vigorously.
He remembered Steve stepping into his arms and the two of them flying off together. Steve’s familiar weight low on his spine as he flew with Captain America on his back. The sound of Steve’s voice, whooping in childish joy and urging him
“Yeah, well you’re not very nice some-” It took Tony hunching up in a fighting stance to make Steve realize that the voice had been someone else’s. He spun to put himself between the sputtering cat and the intruder, and found himself faced with a scarred gray wolf.
His larger stride brought him even with Tony in a few moments. They walked quietly next to each other as the second moon crept toward the horizon, and the sky behind them grew steadily lighter. The road dipped down a hill the closer they got to the village, and Steve realized that what they had seen of the village from the top of the rise had been only the upper levels. He craned his neck back as they passed under an arch of slender braided trees wound with flowering vines. Mist wound between the trunks of the trees and stretched fine tendrils over the road. The main road was lined with oddly shaped buildings of various sizes, all squeezed in together without regard for relative size. Further back, more houses, larger, had been built against the massive tree trunks, and looked to drill directly into them. Crude steps wound up these trees to homes perched further up in the boughs. Rope bridges stretched between the higher levels, and glowing globes dropped down from branches and the undersides of bridges, giving the whole village an ethereal quality.
“I’m right here,” Tony said. He took a step around the table he’d been working at – Iron Man components spread out on the surface, not actually
Now that Steve was closer, Tony could see that the uniform was vastly different than Tony was used to, but it looked good on him. Wasn’t that the point? If Tony’s brain had dreamed Steve up, it had done a lovely job with the wardrobe. Looking wary, Steve knelt down next to him and lifted a flashlight. Tony moved out of the bright beam, and snaked a hand under Steve’s arm. Steve jumped, but didn’t immediately decapitate him when Tony boldly set a hand on the inside of his thigh.
Riverstones broke in, sounding a bit annoyed at their banter while he was struggling to get up the incline.
Tony got a faceful of dirt before he could move out of the way, but Steve didn’t even apologize. His tail wagged furiously as he dug, looking like nothing so much as a dog going after a bone. Tony got himself up the nearest tree to get out of the splash zone just as Riverstones joined Steve in digging. Together, the two of them kicked dirt at a mad pace, occasionally snapping at one another when they got in each other’s way. They were quickly buried up to the shoulder, Steve hopping over Riverstones at regular intervals so they could switch places while they widened the hole.
He pulled his head out of the pillow and looked around blurrily. He was in an unfamiliar bedroom – but it was his bedroom, at the tower in Manhattan. King-sized bed, because ‘comfortably sleeps three’ had been a plus at one point, tastefully decorated because Pepper (Pepper? PA – no, CEO – no, girlfriend – no, ex-girlfriend) had done it for him.
“However it happened,” she said gently, “The end result is the same. He’s… he’s like a computer without an operating system.”
At this announcement, dozens of cages behind the rat king’s throne that Tony hadn’t even noticed were filled with sudden motion and noise. Kittens cried for attention, calling for their mommies, begging for help. Tony took an automatic step forward, which seemed to break the rats’ stunned silence.
“It’s okay,” Steve said softly. As long as the bullet didn’t tear through his heart or hit an artery, there was a good chance he would survive it. Tony had managed to move the muzzle to point just slightly left of Steve’s heart. If he held it steady, the bullet would pass upward through Steve’s third and fourth ribs, and probably puncture his lung. It would be painful, but he could survive it if he got help. Once Tony shot him, he would be freed from the compulsion until Kilgrave issued another command. It might only be seconds, but there were still five bullets scattered on the floor and Tony was fast, and strong. He might be able to hold out long enough. “It’s okay,” he said again.
Five seconds later, there was a sudden crush of pressure that made Rhodey falter and Steve stumble two steps into the surf, and then an explosion of white-gold light that swallowed up the sky. Tony held a hand over his ears and flinched away from the light. He felt a sense of vertigo, twisting, pitching, falling, and then a smack on his shoulders like hitting concrete, the suit breaking away and water rushing in.
Shouting in frustration, Tony kicked and screamed his way out of the snow, slithered out on his belly, and crawled to the plane. The windows had been shattered out, and Tony could just see the shadow of the pilot’s chair beyond. The nose was buried several feet in the ice so the bottom lip of the window was only seven or eight feet off the ground. He jumped, missed the first time, and jumped again. He just managed to catch the edge of the window – he knew that the shards of glass were cutting through the gloves, but he couldn’t feel it. He heaved himself into the plane and spilled down a ramp of ice to the floor, which rattled under his weight. Shitty Hydra construction, bullshit cheap flooring panels.
Tony crossed his arms over his chest and watched dully as the spec that was Iron Man angled up into an even steeper climb. He had a bomb held to his chest, designed by Richards to close the tangled crossroads he’d inadvertently created between multiple universes. Between everyone on hand, only Iron Man and War Machine had the flight capability, speed, and shielding to carry the bomb, and between the two of them only Tony really understood how it worked. Most days, Tony really hated that he’d ever learned the
“You’re very nice to your friend,” Riverstones commented softly as they began to climb a steeper hill.
He remembered crawling on his knees through his room, shedding pieces of the armor as he went, feet away from the nearest outlet. It might as well have been miles, and there were people just down the hall. Steve, Jan, Hank, Thor – No, Steve, Clint, Natasha, Thor. All he had to do was shout and someone would come to help him across the last few feet to the outlet. He’d crawled on his own, and reached the outlet just in time, just like dozens of other times.)
“I’m allowed a few liberties,” Tony assured him. He gestured around to what might or might not be hell’s waiting room. “Considering the circumstances.”
Steve’s brows furrowed. “How do you know you’re not hunting down your neighbor?” he asked. The question had occurred to him before, but he’d been so distracted by all the activity, he hadn’t thought to ask.
Tony thought about challenging him, but subsided. They were in dangerous territory, and neither of them had ever been able to step back from a confrontation. Even when they’d been good together, they’d played off each other like fire and oil. Tony let his arm relax, and Steve wrapped the belt once around the buckle, protecting Tony’s wrist from the bite of it. Tony wondered briefly at the consideration, but it was Steve. Even when it was someone he so obviously hated, Tony didn’t think he was capable of intentionally harming a sex partner. At least not without permission.
“I will,” Kilgrave promised. He sounded very reasonable. “Just put that cute little red dot…” The fingers of his right hand walked down Steve’s chest to rest over his heart. “Right here.”
The door opened and Steve blustered in, mostly in uniform (different than the uniform on the submarine, different than the uniform in the mansion house, different again than the uniform on the helicarrier (Helicarrier?)), and carrying an armful of paper.
A chill spread out around his hips. He had a moment to think he’d managed to wet himself, and then a moment to be so relieved to be feeling anything that wetting himself seemed like the best thing that had ever happened to him, and then chill spread up his torso and down his legs. Pressure grabbed him around the base of the spine and pulled down sharply. The world exploded into sound and color and light. He screamed, and was abruptly plummeting through empty air being buffeted by wind. Icy cold rain hit him sideways as he fell through the darkness. This, at least, was just normal darkness. Night time darkness, with depth and dimension, and the occasional bright flicker of lightning.
He couldn’t see red. Tony tossed his head, looked down at himself, and realized that he’d landed on the dais at some point. The big rat loomed over him, the red glow (His eyes weren’t equipped to…) giving him the aspect of an avenging angel, terrible and beautiful… Tony could just… take a nap, bathe in the warmth, the red…
“Get a grip,” Tony told himself while he groomed his fur back into place, annoyed at the poor design that lead to his fur getting caught between plates whenever he puffed up.
Struggling out of Bucky’s grip, Steve stumbled the last feet to Tony’s side, reaching up to put a hand on his face. Tony went limp in Rhodey’s arms, and Rhodey finally let him go. Steve caught him with his good arm, but Tony didn’t fold into him. He snatched the flashlight away from Bucky and shined it on Steve’s chest. Steve looked down to see all the blood soaking through his torn uniform. He grabbed Tony’s hand and pushed his fingers into the bullet wound to help him find it amidst the mess of torn, bloody material. Throbbing heat radiated out from the contact and Tony jerked his hand away immediately. He took the bandage that Sam offered and pressed it over the leaking wound. Steve put his hand over Tony’s, but he didn’t try to hold him when Tony slipped away from him, leaving the bandage behind. Turning enough that he could see Steve, Kilgrave, and Rhodey, he held out his hands. Rhodey, secure behind the War Machine helmet, did nothing. Tony gestured to his wrist with a tightly controlled jerk of his fingers, and Rhodey shook his head. Tony wanted his Iron Man bracelets and Rhodey either didn’t have them or wasn’t giving them up.
, his head supplied nonsensically, but gold titanium alloy, 1:3 ratio. He slipped on a puddle of spilled water and hit the floor hard.
At the top of his rat lungs. He activated the suit’s external lights as he lunged forward in a great leap, but just missed the rat as he scampered out of the way. The three of them gave fast chase while the rat squeaked and shouted as loud as it could manage, staying just inches ahead of Tony’s flashing claws.
Steve’s ears went back, and then he turned away from Tony and resumed trying to get his pants off, paws scrabbling uselessly in an attempt to get to the belt.
A single lightbulb swung wildly above them, casting mad shadows along the floor and giving the nauseating impression of spinning. The muscles in Steve’s legs jumped and spasmed, twisting into tight knots, screaming at him to move, but his hips remained planted to the seat. Across a small table, Tony stared at him with wild eyes. His lips compressed into a tight line.
Tony’s ears went back in annoyance at himself. He didn’t know if the planet had red, but he had the evidence right in front of his face that he couldn’t see it. Steve’s stripes looked white and brown. He looked down at himself and saw brown interlocking panels with yellow accents. Yowling to get Steve’s attention, he slowly shifted his weight so he was balanced on his back legs, and reached his arms out.
have really thrown something if he’d had anything in reach that didn’t weigh at least a hundred and twelve pounds. He kicked his stool away instead and let it clatter on the concrete floor. Steve spun automatically, hands coming up like he thought Tony might be attacking him.
Steve didn’t think that dogs could blush, but ducking his head low so his jaw rested on his chest produced the same uncomfortable feeling in his stomach. He resisted the sudden urge to whine.
“My name is Nick Fury,” the man said. He didn’t offer his hand, but he came close enough for Steve to hear his tone. Slow, measured, and undercut by a resounding bass pulse that Steve could feel in his bones. They didn’t resonate exactly, but they didn’t clash either.
…) “I am right here, Steve. I am trying to find you, I swear. I am… I am tearing up half the planet looking for you. Just tell me where you are, and I will come to you, please.”
. His ears twitched back and forth, and his tail drifted slowly downward. He was not in New York, and he was a
“We may have found something worth exploring,” the captain said when Tony finally made it to the mess for dinner. The food was so heavy and carb-rich, and Tony should weigh 300 pounds with mashed potatoes and bread and pasta every night, but he was losing weight faster than his belt could keep up.
“I might not remember the war we fought,” Tony said slowly, “But there is nothing in this universe or any other that could change
At his desk, Bruce sighed and reached under his glasses to rub at the inside corners of his eyes. “Were you doing that thing where you nod and make appropriate noises while you ignore me when I explained this last week?” he asked tiredly.
Following his gaze, Fury explained, “SHIELD is what the SSR became after you… well. Margaret Carter and Howard Stark had a reason for the name, I guess.” He nodded respectfully toward Steve.
of all people? Tony liked her – they’d more-or-less grown up together, but he couldn’t imagine her on a submarine.
Tony activated the thrusters. He shot into the air just as a great wall of rats rushed them from the side. He flung repulsor blasts into the mass, but it was like throwing pebbles into a tsunami. Green light flashed out to throw them back, but Tony couldn’t stay to see how the dog with mysterious talents handled the advance. He put on a burst of speed to get over the rats’ heads, flying for the raised dais, and the ruby glow of the controller rat.
The laugh exploded out of Tony’s chest before he could stop it. Steve reared back like he’d been struck, and Tony choked it down. He held up a hand to prevent Steve from storming out, and took a slow breath to re-center himself.
He didn’t remember getting up in the morning, or getting dressed, or getting on the boat, but he must have done because he was squished on a bench between the captain and a lump of a person obscured by heavy cold-weather gear.
Tony was quiet for a long beat. Steve expected him to say something snide and swim all the way across just to prove he could, but Tony surprised him by hopping lightly onto the shield and getting comfortable high on Steve’s shoulders. His chin rested on the top of Steve’s head, and his legs splayed out to either side of Steve’s neck for balance.
He closed his eyes and pressed his hands to his face until purple and yellow lights exploded behind his eyelids. When he opened his eyes again, the room had solidified, and it was still his own body on the table, soaking wet and tinged blue with the cold, dozens of wounds that had frozen over.
Steve pulled Tony's other wrist over and bound it to the first. He watched Tony with almost unnerving intensity while he did so, barely glancing down long enough to be sure the knot was fast. Tony couldn’t be sure if Steve was daring him to protest, or watching him for any sign of indecision. He couldn’t guess which one Steve wanted more, or if he’d put Tony out of his mind altogether, if maybe Tony was just a body for the moment. Steve leaned over him, dragging the belt over the edge of the desk, and taking Tony’s hands with it. He let his weight rest on Tony’s chest as he looped the belt around one of the desk’s legs. Steve was heavy, and the weight of him pinning Tony to the desk was enough to drive his breath out of his chest. He gasped in sips of air, trying to hold as much of it in his lungs as he could, but he didn’t ask Steve to move, and Steve didn’t offer. The RT couldn’t be much more pleasant for Steve than it was for Tony, but he didn’t seem the least off-put by it. Adjusting the angle of his spine, Tony hiked his legs further up Steve’s hips, and held on tight.
He didn’t think he could have gotten a better response if he’d set a firecracker off at Steve’s feet. Steve yanked him forward to get him off balance, and then picked him up in one smooth motion, spun, and dropped Tony on his desk. The cold coffee flew off the edge, hitting the ugly industrial carpet with a dull smack, and papers went everywhere. Sorting out the stacks again would be a mess, and Tony did not care. He wrapped his legs around Steve’s hips, locked his ankles, and squeezed. Steve retaliated by digging a thumb into Tony’s inner thigh. Tony knew the trick, and he’d been on the receiving end of it more than once during sparring practice, but even though he’d been expecting it, the sudden pain at the pressure point made his grip loosen.
Riverstones said softly as they came to a natural bridge of accumulated logs and rocks that created a small trickle of a waterfall in the creek. He hopped nimbly up to the mossy log, jumped immediately to a large bolder, and then dropped into the creek and forded the last few lengths to the opposite shore.
Tony looked down at the belt, and then up to Steve’s face. His entire body was alive with anticipation, shuddering like he’d had too much caffeine and not enough calories. He swallowed hard and met Steve’s eyes. “My safeword is safeword.”
Using his grip on Steve’s wrist, Tony pulled him forward. Steve’s arm came up around him automatically, and
“Really?” Tony asked innocently. “Guess I didn’t notice. Busy, you know. SI, making everybody look cool, building things.” He shrugged.
She started to speak, but Steve’s pulse abruptly rose to overwhelm everything except the sound of their dissonant tones clashing – that was what had been wrong. It wasn’t what was
Tony watched him ease down the last few stairs into the room, and mused aloud, “I’ve had a few dreams that started this way.” Maybe it was the last gasp of his brain as he died, one final fantasy for the road. It might also be the much-fabled afterlife, but in that case, Tony was unsure if it was an unexpected reward for being a whole lot better than he’d thought, or if it was a creative punishment for being a whole lot worse than he’d thought.
“Haven’t I done enough?” Tony demanded. “Haven’t I crawled through enough shit to deserve to just… stop?”
The cold water made him shout, and his entire body seemed to convulse all at once. For several seconds, his lungs were frozen, and then he sucked in a breath. He was on a deep sea survey vessel that his father had commissioned a decade before. The captain had shown up at his mansion in Upstate New York to ask where his grant money had gone (he hadn’t even known that Dad was dead), and Tony had suited up and gone with him. They were ostensibly searching for the wreckage of
Tony did show up for Old Horror Movie Night. He sat in the recliner by himself, and managed to stay awake. Clint and Steve got into a fight over the popcorn halfway through and it ended up knocked into the air.
“I guess so,” Steve agreed. “Can you try, just a little harder, to listen to me in the field? I’m not going to expect you to respect me anywhere else, but just in the field, trust me to know what I’m doing. Help me make this team work.”
His lungs re-engaged with a jerk and he sucked in breath that felt like inhaling sand. His priorities realigned, complaints rearranging in order of intensity, and air shot to the top of the list, pushing
Steve hesitated for a long moment, but then rolled upright to a chorus of creaking springs, and stood. He crossed the room, and even with the heat gone and the light on, Steve still stopped at his side and wrapped Tony up in his arms. They shared a leisurely kiss, and Tony didn’t even bother to tease him that he was wasting his affection on the wrong Tony. He closed his eyes, and took a moment to breathe against Steve’s lips and pretend that they were both there for each other.
Steve stayed in the doorway for a few more minutes, and Tony finally looked up at him. His lips twitched in an anemic smile, and he turned to go.
Locking gazes with Tony, Steve breathed slowly through his mouth and made himself be calm, be stone. He’d faced down the Red Skull from his knees, he could manage this.
“Mr. Stark?” A hand landed on his shoulder. Tony felt it, but he shouldn’t have because the armor – “Mr. Stark?”
When Steve slid back several lengths in shock over the question, Riverstone’s nipped at his legs. With a yelp, Steve bounded forward again. He put his head down and concentrated in getting up the hill, mulling over the heart-racing flash of almost panic he’d experienced in response to the question.
Riverstones did not immediately reply, though Steve heard – or maybe felt – a sort of background humming that he interpreted as confusion, tinged slightly with suspicious.
Tony needed 5 minutes. In a battle, he knew that might as well have been a lifetime, and it was asking for a lot. Still, Steve’s answer to “I need 5 minutes” should have been something better than flying a jet right into Galactus’
The thing he missed the most about Pepper – okay, that was a lie, he missed almost everything about Pepper – but the thing he was really surprised that he missed was the cuddling. He hadn’t realized how much he enjoyed cuddling until he didn’t have the option anymore. Curling around a pillow wasn’t the same – even that ridiculous body pillow that had tentacle-y arms to cuddle back – and he didn’t sleep as well without the ghost of Pepper’s breath on the back of his neck. At first, he told himself that he would get over it. He hadn’t had anyone to cuddle with for the first forty years, he would get used to going to bed alone, waking up alone, gasping through the nightmares alone. Yet, almost a year later, he still dreaded going to bed, and mostly curled up on the couch in the lab when he just couldn’t keep his eyes open any longer.
“I’m aware, Iron Man,” Steve gritted out. He leaned into the wind, dropped down to one knee to lower his profile, and hunched down behind the shield. His backwards process slowed and the shield softened the shriek of the sudden gale over his comm line. “Thor, where is the wind coming from?”
Tony disappeared in the swirling darkness, and Steve hit water on his back. He felt his lungs seize, and his hands searched for the plane’s controls while a voice in the back of his head gibbered in terror. He barely sucked in a breath before a wave crashed over his head.
Steve shook his head mutely, and squeezed Tony tighter to his chest. He nestled his forehead into Tony’s neck. “I’m sorry,” he whispered into Tony’s collarbone. “I keep thinking that it’s not fair to apologize when you don’t remember what I’m apologizing for, but I can’t just. We can’t stay like this.”
Tony thought about pushing him, but didn’t. He shrugged. “Whatever you like, sweetheart. So? Up for a tumble? I can turn out the lights,” he offered, running a hand boldly up Steve’s body from his thigh to his chest. He flicked at the nipple poking against the skin-tight fabric, and Steve hissed a breath through his teeth, automatically pulling back and reaching up with his free hand to rub at his chest.
A tickle across his nose pulled him out of sleep. Tony was warm and comfortable, and sensed no immediate danger nearby. Without opening his eyes, he rolled into the soft warmth against his back. His paws reached out instinctively to press into piles of plush fur. He started to knead, and found the movement immediately and intensely pleasurable. Warmth settled in his chest, and then worked slowly up his throat. A deep, rumbling purr spilled out in its wake, and he shifted around so he could press the toes of his back feet into warmth as well.
Steve was quiet for several seconds, and then rolled onto his side and nuzzled against Tony’s shoulder. He set a gentle kiss to Tony’s neck. “I think that could be arranged. For as long as you’re here.”
“Fuck, Steve. Stop. I didn’t.” Tony ran a frustrated hand through his hair and tugged hard. Steve stopped and turned to look at him cautiously. “I’m just tired, and I haven’t showered since... Whatever today is, it wasn’t today. Just.” Tony clawed at the back of his neck, feeling grimy and jumpy. “Give me a few minutes to shower, okay?’
Steve opened his mouth to respond, but stopped and tilted his head as if listening. His uncertain expression twisted into confusion, and then slammed down into anger. The glowing shield came up hard and lightning fast. Tony managed to duck his head down and take the blow mostly on his shoulder, but it still set his ears to ringing. In the next breath, Steve had curled his knees up, and Tony got both heels to the gut. Even through the suit, the impact forced the air out of his lungs. He flew backwards, slid across the floor, and fetched up against a concrete column.
“Get these people out of here!” Steve shouted over the wind, but Clint and Natasha’s responses were barely more than blips in response.
The laser disappeared from Steve’s line of sight, but he didn’t need to be able to see it to trace the trajectory of the muzzle. Tony started cussing. Loud, snarling, vicious curses poured out in a dozen languages. He insulted Kilgrave’s manhood, mother, and sanity in a long string of creative expletives. His eyes were red with fatigue and tears, and his face was deep red with the blood pounding through his cheeks.
He had a pile of fourteen cameras ranging in size from a dime to a quarter, and three listening bugs. He probably hadn’t gotten them all, but he’d gotten enough to let them know that he
When Tony woke, the first thing he noticed was the ache in his joints. He groaned, and it came out as a low
Behind him, Redskull howled out something ugly and guttural. Tony spun around, but the man was still on his back, one of Steve’s massive paws planted on his chest. He pointed at Tony and babbled incoherently, eyes crazy, body vibrating with his rage. With a start, Tony realized that he was probably
, and he forced his lips to cover his teeth again. His heart fluttered so hard against his ribcage that it almost felt like some kind of fainting episode, but he managed to sit upright.
Still holding the kitten in his jaws, Tony looked over to the hapless monster. He was staring at the escaping kittens with burning, hate filled eyes, mute now in the grips of what Tony recognized was obsession.
seemed just a little softer, a little kinder. Anthony wouldn’t have survived Gregory, but Anthony had apparently gotten away without a twin. Maybe he’d been smarter than Tony and eaten his twin in the womb. Anthony’s eyes were the kind of expressive that Tony had worked very hard to grind out of his own reflection, and he showed his shock and reluctant interest clearly when they shook hands.
A hole just barely big enough for a cat was visible in the stone. He wasn’t sure how much he liked the idea of maybe getting stuck in the hole with only several million tons of rock on top of him, but they needed a way into that cave. He swallowed down his very rational and well-supported fear of caves, and darkness, and unknown depths, and then forged ahead.
Tony sucked in a loud breath, and another, his pulse visibly jumping in his throat. “You sick purple piece of shit, I am going to
Steve edged him mercilessly, brought him right up to the very tip of the precipice, and then reached up to pinch him hard enough to bring him crashing back down, only to build him quickly back up again. Tony begged silently, and then aloud, sobbing, and yanking against the hold of the belt. Steve would not be moved to cooperate, and Tony knew that he had enough stubbornness and stamina to outlast Tony’s sanity any day. Angry, he could have pulled Tony right through the apocalypse this way.
Tony’s ears pricked forward. The squeak came again, but more distinct this time. It was the cry of a very young kitten. Equal parts curious and concerned, Tony listened in for the direction of the noise. The dragging sound came closer, and then closer again. A gigantic, wiry gray rat limped across the ground, each step crunching over the dry leaves, while its fat tail dragged behind it. Over its back, it had a squirming, crying sack.
Steve snarled something in response, but he’d stopped squirming and eyed Tony speculatively. Tony abruptly remembered that dogs didn’t have full color vision, so maybe Tony just looked like a cat. He wracked his brain trying to remember if cats did, but it had never been a particular interest to him, just trivia. He looked around the clearing again, but he couldn’t definitively say what colors he could see when they were on an alien planet. For all he knew, there was no red on this planet.
The woman stopped where Tony had woken up and crouched down to hold the wand about six inches off the concrete. She shuffled forward awkwardly, but Tony had to admire her core strength as she stayed upright while she moved.
“If you weren’t already in a hospital bed, I would put you in a hospital bed,” Rhodey said, but his lips finally crawled out of his mouth and stretched into a smile.
. His throat was on fire, and his face felt itchy. He coughed and blinked several times, trying to get Jarvis’ attention, but the HUD remained dark. None of his limbs seemed to be working correctly. He tried to get to his knees, but his arms felt suddenly too long, his feet were too small, and he couldn’t balance correctly.
The rats were an unending wave, and he didn’t want to leave Steve alone to face the tide, but he could still hear the helpless cries of the kittens under all the clamor.
The familiar shape of Times Square finally brought him to a halt. He stared at it all in horror, turning useless circles. Ads playing actual resonate tones thundered above him, all the people with their clamoring tones, the cars, the impossibly bright, clear lights making the ads glow even in the middle of the day. Giant black automobiles like small, sleek tanks converged on him, and he didn’t even try to run. He was in New York, or dreaming, or this was someone’s version of the afterlife. Where was he supposed to run to? His legs felt suddenly weak.
How could he still be standing? He looked down at his hands. They were just like he remembered them, smooth and strong, free from even the faintest of scars.
He was not unaccustomed to being the smallest man in the room, but he’d never gone tromping through the woods before with someone who could fit half of his body in their mouth.
Tony snorted. “Nice show. I’m assuming all of this is to put me at ease so I won’t go looking for whatever spy equipment you didn’t take away?”
The next day, he had a pair of a Louis Vuitton’s custom built with hollow wedges, and then filled them with Super Spy Gadgets. And a phone. Just for fun. Natasha wore them to her next press event and it made Tony smile.
By the time he’d made it around the bush, Steve and the wolf were rolling in the dry leaves. They snarled at each other viciously while they tussled. The big wolf was on top of Steve, her front paws on his chest while he pushed up at her neck. She craned down like she meant to bite into his throat.
Across the table, Tony sobbed, wide eyes filling with moisture that spilled down his cheeks and made the blood and dirt run. He shifted in the chair, trying in vain to push away from the table.
“You could stay,” Tony offered stupidly, haltingly, one morning. The sex hadn’t been angry, hadn’t been the result of fighting, they were just both there and the tower was otherwise empty, so why not? If there was any time he was going to ask for it, good-mood-fucking seemed like the best option.
of the bots’ servos. He dropped his hands to his sides, the momentary burst of anger-born energy fading and just leaving him
“Whole new meaning to ‘don’t bite my head off.’” Tony started snickering to himself. He yawned hugely, and looked up to see the sun filtering down through the trees. He twisted back in the direction that Steve had gone off to with the wolf, and then down at the ground. It was a nice spot, and he could use a nap, but his teammate had wandered off with a stranger, and Tony should probably be more worried about that.
As Steve begged Tony’s lungs to give up the water and accept the air, it started to rain. Heavy sheets fell, dark and cold around them, and the world started to go black at the edges.
On the dais, a man stood, naked to the skin save a tangle of grotesque jewelry. His face was a parody of human features, twisted and sharp, with a strange texture, and an odd brown colored head.
In the next moment, Tony was flying through the air. He twisted, dizzyingly on four axes. He impacted hard with the wall, and crumpled down to the floor, still landing on all four feet for as much good as it did him. He felt the shock of landing shoot up his legs, and had to just lay still for a second to overcome the disorienting blow.
Steve knew that Tony was probably just running scans, but an uncomfortable tingle lodged in his spine and wouldn’t be moved, no matter how much he rolled his shoulders. He turned away from the unsettling darkness to greet the rest of his team as they unloaded from the Quinjet.
Steve couldn’t feel his lungs expanding. He couldn’t feel air around him, pressure against him, or a sense of falling. There was no up, down, or sideways. He flailed his arms and legs, but there was nothing around him for purchase. He squeezed his eyes shut, and then opened them so wide that they hurt. The blackness was so complete that he couldn’t be sure that they were really open.
“Let’s get you home to mommy, okay?” he asked. He wanted to get her out of there in hurry in case the rat came back, maybe with friends.
Steve searched his grizzled face for a clue to what was going on. “Where…?” he asked, and nearly threw up when the man told him he was ‘home.’ “The war?”
getting in between Tony and someone who needed a thorough re-education about the nature of the universe.
Steve looked around again. He had no idea who Fury was, or what kind of organization he belonged to. They’d already tried to trick him once. The spectacle had gathered a crowd and people were watching them curiously, but the armed guards who’d jumped out of the cars were holding the onlookers back. No one seemed especially confused by their presence, and they were reacting as if these black-clad people were police of some kind. S.H.I.E.L.D was stamped on the side of one of the vehicles in a very official-looking gray logo.
Abruptly, the wiry hair of the rat dissolved. The tough skin seemed to melt under Tony’s tongue. Before he could process what was happening, a pair of hands (hands, not rat claws) reached up to grab him by in a crushing grip. He felt the armor plates compressing around his ribs while the other hand fought under Tony’s suit to get to his scruff.
Tony shoved himself up to his feet (he wasn’t paralyzed, not by Obadiah (what the fuck?) or the suit damaging his nervous system) and stumbled into the head like he was drunk (No, he’d been sober for a decade – no, he’d just been drinking the night before, he’d woken up hung over, hadn’t he?). He didn’t even recognize his own face in the mirror and smashed a fist against it, but it wasn’t actually glass and all it did was hurt his hand. He cursed, tripped over the toilet, bashed his elbow against the shower stall, and finally managed to get himself under the showerhead.
Tony was trying to come up with a decent fight to engineer when he felt a gentle brush of warmth against his hand. He looked down at where his and Steve’s hands almost touched, and then up to find Steve looking back at him.
Even with Riverstones’ tunnel to keep the kittens in a group, herding that many terrified, tired, hungry, and traumatized kittens out of the caves took the rest of the night. The sun was well over the horizon by the time they got the last of them out, and even Steve’s stamina was nearing the breaking point. They took a much longer, but far gentler path down the hill, urging the exhausted kittens around the cliff, and down its shallower incline toward the village.
“Anyone there?” Steve gasped out. There was no response. His own voice sounded like it was smothered with a dozen layers of wool. He sucked in a breath, and then another. No movement, no sound, no change in temperature. Maybe he was dead. Maybe death was just this disembodied non-existence until the end of time.
Tony jumped, ready to remind Jarvis that he didn’t like people sneaking up on him while he was sleeping, but the room was empty when he rolled over.
. Tony blinked against Steve's shoulder, not sure what to do with the contact. He’d meant to drag Steve into a sloppy kiss, get a hand into his tight suit, and walk him back to the bed. As he stood there indecisively, Steve freed his other hand and reached up to grab the back of Tony’s neck. He scooted in closer until Tony was completely engulfed in his arms, and then leaned down and buried his face against Tony’s neck.
“What’s the likelihood that Stark’s gonna tear through the truck and kill that purple bastard?” Clint asked idly.
“Modern art,” Tony answered. Steve frowned at him, but it wasn’t a lie. The goddamned thing wasn’t going to be good for anything other than decorating someone’s lawn at this rate. It was a mess – he just couldn’t get it to come together right. Surprise, fucking surprise.
his voice as colors, lines, equations written in the air. They faded, and he found Steve standing next to him, wide-eyed and glowing with equal parts worry and hope and fear and joy. He twisted and found Rhodey on the other side, eyes luminous in his face, lips practically disappearing into his mouth.
He got to his feet and waved a vague goodnight to the room. He considered the penthouse, but eventually asked Jarvis to take him to the workshop. Tony didn’t even bother with the pretense of working. He grabbed a blanket and pillow out of the cupboard and curled up in the spot where he and Steve had almost-kind-of cuddled.
Ahead of them, Captain America ran to the edge of the water, helpless on the ground, every line of his body expressing his frustration and fear. He put a hand to his ear.
Good enough. Tony put a hand on his pelvis to hold him down to the bed, moved into a position that would put less strain on his forearm, and went to work. Steve was fantastically responsive, his entire body twisting and pushing while Tony worked two, and then three fingers into him.
Almost immediately, there was a polite knock on the door. Tony took his time refilling his cup, and then opened the door with a grand gesture. The tech on the other side had the good grace to look embarrassed as she rushed into the room and retrieved the spy gear from the dryer. Steve marched in after her with his arms crossed over his chest, and then four other techs arrived to dig out the rest of their gear. Tony had somehow missed one in a picture frame, and another that had been embedded in the ceiling, but he’d gotten most of them.
. The phrase made him flinch automatically. He took a hesitant step backwards. The armed people all tensed. He was in some hellscape’s reimagining of ‘home’ and every tone around him screamed with foreign music. His bonds were all gone – there would be no Bucky coming around the corner, summoned by Steve's distress, no Peggy striding out of the alley with her handgun out in front of her. He was alone.
Alone in the corridor, he leaned against the bulkhead and struggled to swallow the last of his dinner. They were going to find Steve tomorrow,
Natasha turned into the wind and used the gust to carry her over the smaller of the two pools. Tony automatically held out a hand for her to catch, and they both stumbled backwards several feet before Natasha planted her heels on Tony’s hip and launched upwards. Tony wouldn’t have heard her whoop of pleasure if he didn’t have filters working overtime to cancel out the wind noise.
. They fought side-by-side, Steve in his familiar patriotic uniform, Tony in a suit of armor that let him fly. At the end of the fight, Steve would put a hand on his shoulder and call him
“You’re lost,” Steve said gently beside him. Tony pulled his attention away from the Steve at his bedside and took in the much more tired version. He seemed skinnier somehow, less. Worn down. “You’re caught in a storm, stuck between realities. They need you here.” He set a gentle hand down on Tony’s leg where it remained unmoving under the hospital blankets.
Steve split his time between antagonizing Tony while he was sleeping in the sun, and playing with Riverstone’s puppies so the two adults could focus on the massive influx of new mouths. Walker showed up irregularly to leave an animal carcass at the village gates, and usually disappeared before anyone could so much as say thank you.
“No sniffing!” he shouted, frantically scrabbling at the face plate as if he could drive all the scents away. All at once, the cacophony of scents ceased, making him feel like he’d lost his sense of smell altogether. “Looking,” Tony said firmly. “Seeing through the stupid rock to a tunnel.”
Her voice faded to a murmur as the sunlight got brighter, the beeps and ticks of the machines growing louder. Tony watched Steve’s expression set harder, his eyes narrowing, his lips turning down at the corners. He was terrifying in the intensity of his belief, his surety that Tony was going to manufacture a miracle and wake up. Maybe it was hard for Steve to accept considering what he’d woken up from.
Tony opened his eyes and found himself staring up at a woman. She had long, straight brown hair, and she was
. He watched her carefully as she smiled and let the door close, her faint resonance tone growing louder as she neared. She had a tone like no one he’d ever known. Something about it reminded him of Tesla coils and Howard’s strange devices. Her tone clashed so hard with his that it was actively repulsive. He found himself leaning away from her, and her smile faltered.
Wouldn’t it be better to be none of those things? Start over, go through a normal life in a world where superheroes were only on paper.
, the self-sacrificing bastard. After that, what did it matter if Tony made it out alive? Maybe there were some parts of the world that deserved to be saved, but none of it was
Tony lost his tenuous grip. He flew through the air, twisting over and over so he hit the ground on all fours, and then skidded another few feet through the dry brush. He ended up between Steve and the wolf, and crouched down to get his chest close to the dirt and his back paws under his belly. She might be able to swallow him in a bite and a half, but he’d at least take one of her eyes with him.
Still just barely ahead of him, the rat burst through a curtain of darkness that gave the corridor the appearance of a dead end. Moving too fast to stop in time, Tony twisted to take the impact on his shoulder and left side, but passing through the curtain was effortlessly painless. He tumbled through the air, off balance by both the curtain and the sudden light.
So when he actually woke up some indeterminate time later, the first thing that popped into his head was, “
They stayed several more days to help get the kittens sorted out. Tony turned out to be an effective fisherman, while Steve just enjoyed splashing around in the water and scaring all the trout. Every time Tony got wet and hissed at him, Steve splashed him some more just for the hell of it.
The terrain grew steeper still until Steve was fighting for each upward step, hopping up more than running. The smaller Riverstones took each step deliberately with grim determination. Far ahead of them, Tony bounced from tree trunk to stone to tree trunk, looking more like a squirrel than a cat as he made judicious use of his thrusters to sail between branches.
Watching Steve carefully, Tony descended from his boulder. Steve’s ears followed his motion, but his lips stayed firmly over his teeth, and he didn’t snarl when Tony got closer. He tried to squirm away when Tony reached a paw out for his belt, but Tony swatted him on the chest. In reply, Steve snapped at tail. Reacting automatically, Tony swiped his face, and they both sprung away from each other – Tony more gracefully than Steve.
“Not yet,” Tony broke in, but his eyes were glued to the shrinking margin between Steve’s right foot and the darkness. The space between the two pools was shrinking even faster. Another few minutes, and they would connect into a river of void.
While Steve jumped up to his feet, Tony flopped onto his back and started laughing again. Just his fucking luck. Dream, or after life, or whatever the hell it was, and he gets the Steve that would still rather punch him than fuck him. Typical.
If he opened his mouth, Tony was more than half sure that he’d start with the hysterical laughter, so he just curled his body until he could get his lips on Steve’s. Warm, and soft, and unexpectedly sweet, Steve opened up under him. He moaned against Tony’s mouth and pulled him up closer, big hands spreading on Tony’s back, fingers curling in and opening like he was trying knead. Whole new meaning to the term sex kitten.
Steve reached over suddenly and caught his hand, and Tony had the conflicting impressions that he was still writing and that his hand was immobile (and cold) under Steve’s grip. He wanted to turn his hand over and lace their fingers together, he wanted to pull his hand away, he wanted to see how the hell words were still appearing on the page when he wasn’t writing them.
Tony said nothing, but the wolf wasn’t stopping. Steve could follow her to the road, and then come back for Tony.
“Is it because of this?” Steve asked, motioning in between them. “You don’t want anyone else to suspect? Or you can only handle touching me when you’re pissed off?”
“This is definitely the origin of the readings,” she said, and then stood up and walked right over to Tony. The soldiers around Steve moved immediately, clearing her out of their line of fire and rushing forward to make sure Tony didn’t get any ideas about doing something nefarious. Steve took two great steps forward so that he was crowded against her back, glaring down at Tony over her shoulder.
Steve said, sounding less like a whiny husky and more like himself. He leapt down next to her with the casual grace that Tony had come to expect of Captain America, and then turned to look in the direction she had indicated.
When he opened his eyes, the captain was leaning over him, familiar weathered face pulled into an exasperated frown. “Mr. Stark?”
. The glowing shield arched over them and clanged to the floor in a burst of light, still clutched in Steve’s grip. Tony’s hips and back and neck and entire existence protested, but he twisted around to follow, crawling in between Steve’s legs and up his body. The Steve he knew, the Steve he’d been quietly, sometimes resentfully, in love with would have punched him in the face by now. This Steve seemed softer somehow.
“No,” Tony said, keeping his voice to a low grumble, “I’m fine. I’m just distracted and can’t seem to get my… sea legs, or whatever. I’m fine.” He shoveled the rest of the potatoes into his mouth and stuffed half of his meatloaf in after. His mouth was too full to even chew, but it was all off the tray, so he gathered up the dishes and hurried out of the mess.
His claws found new homes in the rat’s thick skin, and he threw the faceplate back so he could sink his teeth into the rodent’s neck. The rat roared. It was a sound so un-rat-like, and so terrifying that Tony felt his fur standing on end. There was a great clamor of noise behind him, but Tony couldn’t spare any attention from just hanging on as the rat flailed and tried to pry him off. He tasted blood, hot and rich, and doubled down, ripping his head sideways in a quest for more.
“What is this?” he demanded. When no one responded, he whirled around. The room spun and he fell back against the table, knocking the light askew. It swung wildly flickering yellow-dark-yellow-dark. He closed his eyes against the swell of dizzying nausea, and felt a sudden impact of cold metal on his shoulders. The ship continued to toss and roll, and Tony reached out to grab onto any solid surface.
“Okay.” If it had been anyone else, Tony might have looked at his watch to point out that it was after 8 at night, and it was a conversation that they could be having in twelve hours or more. If it had been anyone else, Tony might have picked up his pen and gotten back to work just to let them know that he was busy, and his time was valuable. Tony just waited, because it wasn’t anyone else– it was Steve, and goddamnit, but Tony was still stupidly in love with him.
a computer. Tony clearly remembered hundreds of hours of coding, and putting together composites of dozens of voices, tweaking and pushing, and dissolving into sobs when he finally got it right).
Tony looked up at the captain, afraid to realize that he’d been hearing things again. “Oh?” he ventured cautiously.
Steve snorted so loudly it sounded like a cough. Tony decided to ignore the comment, which was becoming more fun by the moment. Maybe when he got back to being a human, he could continue the gaming of just ignoring things. He’d always been good at selective hearing, but mostly that was obtained by talking over people. If he could master the cat-trick of pretending people didn’t exist, his life would be a lot easier.
Tony blinked, and then let his breath out in a great sigh. “Oh. Well, that’s certainly less fun than a dying fantasy.”
Tony winced. No one had called him Antonio in years, and it would take some getting used to. “Tony’s fine. When we’re alone like this.” He waited a breath for Steve to protest the idea that 'this' was anything more than a one-time deal. “Provided that you’d like to be alone like this again.”
“No,” Tony answered – it wasn’t a lie. He wasn’t avoiding anyone in particular. He was just avoiding them all.
They moved quietly through the woods, following on Riverstone’s heels as he wove confidently between tree trunks and navigated around protruding roots with the surety of a predator in his own territory. Steve kept one ear tilted toward Tony. He was able to track the cat only because Tony’s armor made the softest of noises as the metal plates whispered across each other. Otherwise, he was nearly invisible in the darkness.
“I can’t,” Steve said. He started to shake, body wracked with shivers that had nothing to do with the cold. His eyes rolled upward and to the left. “You don’t have to do this. Please.”
Steve blinked at him. “Antonio,” he said, voice a cross between disapproval and discomfort. It seemed that Steve expected to be implicitly obeyed in all universes.
Sometime after Howard died, Tony had started dreaming of Captain America. In his dreams, Tony called him
Steve’s ears swiveled side-to-side. “He’s a good friend,” he said finally, defensively, though he wasn’t sure what he was defending.
Tony looked away from the struggle in the sand and turned to the Steve who stood beside him. “Did I die?”
A moment later, Steve came slamming down after him and disappeared into the inky blackness without causing so much as ripple. Not even stopping to think of how much of a
Tony had fucked that up, of course. He fucked up even when he was at his best, and he definitely wasn’t at his best.
The commotion finally resolved into shouts of panic. Tony snagged the kitten and hurried to cover. He needed to see what was going on, but he couldn’t leave the kitten alone, and he couldn’t just take her out into a fight. She remained quiet and sweetly trusting as he crept around the house to peer into the street. There were no rats running rampant through the street, just the same villagers he’d seen earlier that day.
“Give it to him, War Machine,” Steve said finally. Rhodey looked at him sharply, eyes narrowed in calculation. Steve wasn’t really in the best condition to be giving orders and Rhodey knew it. “Iron Man is right, we need the air support. The sooner we get Kilgrave away from people, the better. We don’t have time to argue. Iron Man, scout ahead and keep an eye on the roads. I’m assuming SHIELD has a holding facility set up?”
The captain nodded his grizzled head. “Out on the ice. We’ll take a submersible out tomorrow if you want to go.”
Steve understood what had happened an instant before familiar hands closed over his. Bucky pried Steve’s hands away from his ears and Sam dropped to his knees in front of him with a pair of bulky headphones. He shoved them over Steve’s ears and the screaming abruptly cut off. His ears continued to ring like they’d been filled with cicadas, but he couldn’t hear the sonic tone anymore.
They would find Captain America, and Tony’s dreams would be banished along with the madness. Shivering violently, he reached up and turned the lever over to
“What do you mean?” he asked as he fished a shoe out from under his workshop stool. U helpfully offered him a sock. Tony threw it at Steve.
Tony reeled and the ship seemed to drop out from under his feet. When he landed, the deck of the ship had vanished and he was in some kind of science fiction lab. The displays around him where soft blue and floating in the air, a design for an Iron Man suit, but far more advanced than the one he saw in his dream-mirror. There was a man at one of the workstations on the opposite side of the room with rumpled clothes and mussed hair, and glasses sitting crooked on the bridge of his nose. He was staring at a magnified cell displayed on a transparent screen, one hand carefully adjusting a dial on a microscope and the other pushing his glasses up his nose every few seconds.
Kilgrave’s power pouring into Tony like the hum of a distance bass guitar. His feet tingled. He blinked twice. Tony’s eyes met his and Steve could see the terrible trust there, knew what he was asking Tony, and the price Tony would pay if they failed. Tony’s finger tightened, and Steve summoned up every ounce of rage he had in him. Kilgrave was just another bully, someone throwing around their weight because they could, and Steve
Tony asked. He was aware of the dogs’ ears twitching in response to his words, but he wasn’t going to take the time to translate himself just so the local canine population could understand him talking to his suit.
He shivered and reached for a pillow to pull across his lap, tapping the space next to him. Steve sat down with one knee tucked up on the bed. He spread the paperwork over Tony’s pillow – mission reports, and why did Steve still
Steve’s ears drooped, and his jaw hit his chest again. This time, he couldn’t stop the whine that rattled high in his throat. He
Steve took a tense step forward, one hand coming up, and then stepped back. He clenched his hand into a fist at his side, right arm coming up into a familiar posture that was only missing the shield.  “You can’t ever take anything seriously.”
One of the dogs broke away from the group to meet Moonlight in the road. They touched noses, and then spent a couple seconds sniffing at each other’s mouths. The whole gaggle of puppies, even the sleepy little girl, went bounding over to them, barking out, “Dad! Dad’s back! Daddy!”
He could hear them just on the other side of a bush when there was a sharp snap of dry wood breaking, and then a throaty snarl. In the time it took Tony to register the noise, the soft chattering of dog-speak had descended into deep growls punctuated by loud barks. Tony bounded around the bush, cursing himself for letting Steve just walk off with a stranger. They might not get along all the time, but Steve was his teammate, and Tony shouldn’t have just trusted him the company of a strange wolf.
Staring at him, unblinking, Tony held a Smith and Wesson .44 Magnum revolver with a laser sight. The gun trembled in his hand, the red laser cutting through the surrounding darkness like a macabre light show. His elbow was braced against the table, wrist twisted at an odd angle to keep the muzzle pointed approximately at Steve’s chest. His jaw clenched.
Tony quirked an eyebrow at him, but found himself petting Steve comfortingly, hands running up and down his thighs. The pressure of Steve’s grip on his sides was starting to hurt, but it was nothing he hadn’t dealt with before. He let Steve come down from what sounded like a truly fantastic experience, regretting turning out the lights. Steve’s breath finally calmed down to soft gasps, and his grip relaxed enough for Tony to feel like he could breathe steadily again. Tony was ready to slip out of him, but Steve shifted down, adjusted the position of his legs, and to Tony’s everlasting wonder, reached down and took himself in hand. In a few strokes, he was encouraging Tony to move again.
He was still in the suit, on his back on a concrete floor, staring up at a concrete ceiling that was crisscrossed by exposed pipes. Somewhere there was water dripping on the floor, and the air smelled like mildew. He lifted his head to see if there was anything nearby that he recognized, but it was just concrete and red emergency lights. He let his head thump back to the floor and felt a brief burst of pain at the back of his skull.
“Cap, maybe you could get over that puddle of death and darkness?” Tony suggested. “I’d feel a lot better if you were on this side of it.”
At the sound of traffic and honking horns, he turned his head to look out the window. The familiar press of New York buildings was just outside, but something about the view looked flat. The air through the open window smelled weird. A radio was playing softly on the sideboard, and even that sounded strange. Too clear, and too familiar. He put it down to déjà vu as he sat up and looked around. He was wearing an SSR t-shirt that stretched too tight across his chest. Even the material felt strange.
Rhodey’s thrusters abruptly cut out and he plummeted through the air toward the water below as deadweight. Clever, cutting suit power completely and rebooting. Before he’d fallen a dozen yards, power re-engaged and he threw his hands out to reverse his trajectory. It was too late, and Rhodey must have known it, but he rocketed straight up in pursuit of Iron Man anyway.
Moonlight added, stepping up next to her mate. She was the larger of the pair by far, but ducked her head sweetly to lick at his chin.
“Now you,” Tony explained patiently. If Steve was going to use him to release pent-up frustration, Tony at least deserved to see him naked. Steve didn’t protest. He pulled the t-shirt over his head and dropped it on the ground. Tony tossed him the lube and then folded down into his lap, curling over to tuck his face against Steve’s neck.
“That was silly of me,” Tony said, and crawled backwards off the mattress. He took a detour to refill his cup, and let Steve watch him drink it. The last of his headache had faded into a dull pressure behind his eyes, and the persistent ache in his joints and spine was fast on the way to joining it. He took his time stripping out of the borrowed clothing. He knew what he looked like, and he knew that he was covered shoulders-to-knees in bruises, but who knew? For someone like Steve, that might be a plus.
Steve said, the words coming out a mishmash of the strange telepathic communication, and the yips and barks of his vocalizations.
He remembered falling to his knees in the sand and Rhodey’s arms closing over his shoulders, and being so
Tony tried to rub at his face, but nothing seemed to be in the right place. Instead of rubbing his right eye, he hit his nose, leaving a stinging scratch. He hissed at the sudden pain, and then froze. The sound hadn’t been a sharp exhalation of breath, it had been a
Steve snapped his teeth, which made Tony jump back and hiss. Settling the weight of the shield on his shoulders again, Steve said,
A ripple went through Steve’s body, legs and arms moving restlessly. He moaned, arched his back, pushed down harder on Tony’s fingers. “I - … yes.”
should have been buried under decades of snow and ice, but it was completely exposed, debris from the crash littered all around it, streaks of soot turning the blue ice black. Tony struggled out of his snowshoes and ignored the shouts of the crew coming after him. The plane was surprisingly intact. If it had just hit, Steve could have still been alive. Tony scrambled on the ice and broke through the crust to plunge waist-deep into the snow, feet from the plane.
“Let him in.” Tony stepped out of the suit as Steve walked in. He looked like he’d just come from the gym shower, that sort of clean-damp that looked so good on him.
“It’s important to team morale to have you around,” Steve explained. “We like to see you off the battlefield too, you know? It’s your tower. You should join us. Come back.”
– and the armor plates from his shoulders to his tail folded up while the locks on his underbelly folded up toward his chest. In a matter of moments, the suit had compressed into a backpack piled up on his shoulders. The catch on his foreleg
“You’re just terrified,” Steve observed. “You’re scared that you’re going to wake up and find that this…” he gestured to the room around them, “Isn’t a dream.” He pointed at Steve. “He isn’t a dream.”
Steve looked mildly confused to find Tony down in the road instead up in the shallow scoop their bodies had made as they’d slept. For that matter, Tony didn’t remember inviting Steve into his scoop in the first place, so it wasn’t his fault if Steve didn’t like get his bladder massaged. Tony felt his tail start to thump in the packed soil as Steve just sat down at the top of the hill and stared down at him.
