"I...am NOT....A COWARD!" Chuck's voice boomed with the power of thunder, knocking them all off their feet. "I am the Alpha and the Omega. I am the creator. The great I Am. I took star dust and created entire universes! I am creation! I am the light! Everything you are, everything you know, all of it exists because of me!" He looked over Dean, his voice gaining power with each word, drowning out the cries and screams from the bunker shaking apart around them. "This, all of his, everything is mine! I get to decide how it goes. Me! Not you! You are NOTHING!!!"
“Let's hope it doesn't come to that.” Dean said with an air of finality.
" From the few scenes I saw... It seemed very... accurate."
When, the music started, Dean couldn't help but note that it was all melodic versions of classic rock ballads. He felt a swell of pride as they watched the girls walk down the aisle to the tune of his favorite songs. He glanced over at Cas to see the angel completely enthralled by the human tradition. His azure eyes twinkled with happy wonder as Siobhan took her place at the front of the crowd, adorned in her black tea-length dress, a blue and green corsage dangling from her wrist. Dean guessed he should probably be watching the ceremony, that's what they were here for after all. But he couldn't take his eyes off the angel.
" Oh my God, stay right there don't move!" Marie mimed through the window and ran towards the door.
"Oh...my…God!" She laughed, dropping her forehead to the nephilim's shoulder. "Don't tell me Winchester finally manned up and made an honest angel out of you."
Lucifer was charming, an excellent speaker, and charismatic for sure, not to mention that he was, without a doubt, one of the most beautiful creatures he had ever laid eyes upon, but really, that was where his good qualities stopped. Anything else about him that was even remotely redeeming was washed away after three days of being drenched in fire, drowning in the scent of sulfur and burning flesh. Sure, Heaven had its flaws, but he never wanted to leave his home. He had just wanted a few changes made so, he fell in line with a few other angels who felt the same way. It was hardly a damnable offense, in his opinion, alas, there he was, stripped of his divine nature and forced to wallow in misery for all of eternity, doomed to be a servant of the Dark Lord because he dared to question management. It didn't seem fair in the least, but he had made his bed, so therefore he must lie in it. So, he did his demonly duties, as instructed, getting through each day with just enough effort to make it to the next. He was sure never to make the same mistake again.
"They'll die." Jack told him. "All of them. Every single person left on Earth. All of them ."
🎶 I really love the things you do, ooooh you're my best friend...🎶
He laid still for a while, trying his best to will himself to get up from the sofa and failing miserably. It was all he could do at this point not to let the exhaustion take over and pull him into a deep sleep. It wasn't until he registered that the conversation coming from the kitchen had become heated that he was able to move. "Son of a bitch, what now?" He mumbled as he pushed himself to a standing position, His muscles and joints creaking in protest.
" Yeah, I'm still a little woozy." Dean admitted. "I think I'm gonna go lie down." He started shuffling towards the door, "I'll be in my room if anyone needs me." he added over his shoulder, hoping to get the message across to who it was meant for.
"If it's not too much trouble…" He smiled back sheepishly.
"Kinda thought that was obvious." He shrugged.
"Dean, you can't go back there! You'll die! We've got to get these people out of here and get them safe!"
“Forget it!” She yelled. “Last time I helped you, promises were made with no intention of being kept! You have nothing to give me, I won't help you!”
“What have I told you about stupid questions?” Cas replied before taking another swallow. Sam was sure he could light a bonfire off the fumes coming from the angel's breath alone. “We're out of beer.” Cas slurred by way of explanation.
“Oh, shit.” Dean chuckled, stretching himself out. “ Guess we didn't really think this whole thing through, huh?”
"Dean, you'll die!!!" Sam shouted, making a herculean effort to pull them back a bit more.
"I'm sure." Crowley grinned.
“Maybe.” Crowley shrugged.
"Too much." Cas sighed woefully, before giving her a tender smile. "But you haven't changed a bit."
“Alright, enough!” Sam said. The two of them turned to face the younger Winchester. His face was tired, his eyes were red and weary. He looked like he had aged ten years from that morning, yet his voice made him sound so young and small. “She's right, Cas.” He shook his head and ran his hands through his hair. “That was the last of Gabriel's grace. Unless he's somewhere playing dead again, or if there's another archangel left living that we don't know about, Cas, he's gone, and we can't get him back.” He crossed the room and plopped down in a chair across the table from them. “You know what, maybe he's better off.”
"The infirmary?" Sam asked. "How is that possible? Last thing I saw, the bunker was..."
Cas had always felt that way. He had told Dean a thousand different times in a million different ways how he felt about him, and Dean had been to stupid to see it. How could he have been so blind? "Jesus Christ Cas...I'm so sorry..."
"So much." Dean yawned. He didn't even know how long he was out, but he was definitely still exhausted.
He took on Sam's visions from hell to try to atone for his mistakes. And even completely out of his mind, he aided them in their fight against the leviathans. Neither of them said much about purgatory, but as soon as Cas was free, he came looking for them. He broke through angel brainwashing because Dean said he needed him. He called Dean when he was in trouble. He gave up an entire army of angels, for Dean. He tried everything in his power to cure Dean of the Mark of Cain, even when his life was fading from him. He gave himself over to Lucifer to save them. He was killed trying to do the same. He called Dean when he came back to life. He was devastated when Michael took over him, going back to demons for help. Sam didn't even want to think about Cas's reaction when he had told him about the box. All these years, it was right there in front of him, plain as day and Sam didn't see it, or at least, he kept himself blind to it. Of course, Castiel loved Dean, that was undeniable now, but as for Dean...
Chuck slid backwards a few feet before tossing another ball of power towards Amara, sending her flying again. "Pathetic!" He shouted in her direction. "You let them corrupt you, and now look at you." He threw another shot, and another, pinning her to the floor. "Pathetic! Weak! Just like them!" He bent down and grabbed her battered face by the chin pulling her up to his face. "We could have had everything, Amara. We could have ended this all and started over fresh." He shook his hea,d angry tears welling up in his eyes. "We could've made a whole new world, in our image, erased the mistakes and made it perfect this time."
Dean leaned back to look at Cas. The angel's eyes were wet with tears as he grabbed Dean by the face and pressed their foreheads together. He closed his eyes and took a ragged breath as he whispered along with Kristen. “ I , Castiel, pledge to be your loving friend and partner, Dean. To talk and to listen. To trust and appreciate you; to respect and cherish your uniqueness. To support and comfort you through all of life's joys and sorrows. I promise to share hopes, thoughts and dreams as we build our lives with each other. May our lives be ever intertwined, and our love keep us together. I join my life with yours. Where ever you go, I will go: whatever you face, I will face. For good or ill, in happiness or sadness, I take you as mine and will give myself to no other. Should we be separated by death, where ever I am, I promise to wait for you.”
The voice that cut him off sent shivers through his spine as he looked over Gabriel's shoulder to find its source. "Jack?" He choked out, as the boy ran into his arms. "Jack!" He cried holding him tightly.
"So, you're going to bore me to death?" Chuck huffed, stuffing his hand in his pockets and shrugging. "Gotta tell you, not a bright idea. You kill me, you destroy the universe anyway, so...."
"You know they have a machine that does that for you, kid." Dean told him.
Aziraphale let go of his hand and shook his head. " I don't have time for this nonsense."
“Are you happy, Sam?” Cas challenged.
Cas, Sam and Dean all shot up (well Dean as well as he could) out of their seats and moved in front of Jack. "Like hell, you will!" Dean shouted, uncaring about anything else in the situation.
“What about the other one?” Sam asked turning his gun to Aziraphale. “He a demon too?”
"You really do care." He smiled
“That still doesn't pay for what you lost.” Cas sighed.
"She made you kill me? A thousand times?" Dean was horrified. " That bitch!"
He pulled out the bee he had stuffed under the seat and held it in his hands with a smile. Cas. Cas took care of him when he was being an ass. Cas stood by him even when he didn't deserve it. He believed in Dean, even when he didn't believe in himself . Cas kept everything that reminded him of Dean to keep him strong. All Dean needed to keep strong was Cas. Sam would stay with him as long as he could, but he knew his brother would only be able to take so much. Mary was his mother, sure, but she had only been a part of his life for six years on and off. He couldn't expect her to take on his burdens. Jack was only a kid, who had problems of his own, but Cas....Cas forgave him every time he fucked up, even when Dean couldn't do the same. Cas always stood by his side and tried his best to fix his mistakes even when it cost him everything. Cas always tried to keep him in line, keep him safe. Dean needed his family. He loved them unconditionally, and he wouldn't be who he was without them, but he'd be even less without Cas.
It was nothing short of a miracle that they made it out of that grave yard when they did. Though, now that Dean thought about it, it was probably just another way for Chuck to give them the middle finger. "Here Cas, my most loyal creation, the only being who never lost faith in me, let me fix your wings, right when it won't matter anymore because I'm going to destroy everything you know and love and there's nothing you can do about it." Fucking dick. That's probably exactly what he did. He didn't even have the decency to stick around and tell him. It was pure fucking luck that Cas managed to fly them out of there when he did, before they were eaten alive. Either that, or it was sheer force of will. It's been said that a human can lift an entire car off a child if their adrenaline it running high enough. Maybe it was something like that?
"Is someone going to explain to me how this woman knows about every aspect of our lives or are we just going to leave me in the dark?" Cas growled, finger twitching at his sides ready to smite.
Sam let out an indignant squawk and looked at Dean, who was trying his best to hold in his laughter. “Yeah, that's Sam.” Dean chuckled.
“Yes. That's it. I don't forget a face....and you.” Mr. Young pointed over to Crowley. “Aren’t you the doctor that delivered Adam?”
A few murmurs and head shakes spread throughout the crowd. "We're hunters! We don't lay down and wait for monsters to come to us. We take the fight to them. We go in guns blazing, knowing that we may not make it out alive, but that doesn't stop us from taking a few of them down with us." The mood of the room shifted suddenly as people began to nod along. "So, things look bleak right now. So what!? When are they not? We chose this life because we knew it was our responsibility to protect people from the things that have been haunting us our whole lives!" A few quiet cheers rang through the room, building Sam's confidence that this could actually be done. "Are you gonna spend our final days huddled in fear because things seem impossible, or are you gonna go down swinging, because that's what hunters do?" The cheers of agreement grew louder, bouncing off the walls of the bunker, ringing like hope in Sam's ears. "My name is Sam Winchester! I was born to be a demon slave and I fought against it! I have been to hell and back more times than I can count. I have faced the devil himself. I have been beaten and broken my entire life by demons and angels and monsters alike, but I kept fighting and I'm not stopping now! Not even for God himself! Who's with me?!"
*Edit: I remember now! Thanks to a wonderful reader. For those of you strictly in the GO fandom who don't know: it is not a true Destiel fic until Sam Winchester interrupts a moment! (Hell it's hardly a real episode featuring Castiel unless Sam interrupts a moment). So I had to put one in there, I'm just sorry that it fell on the husband's this time.
" No, man. Get comfortable, not dressed for an interview." Sam laughed. Cas stood still, eyes shifting between the brothers and his clothes, obviously confused about what they meant by 'comfortable'.
“Really?” Adam gasped.
“Aziraphale, look...”
"I thought you were supposed to be sleeping." She replied.
Dean bit down on Cas's bottom lip, as soon as he removed his tongue causing the angel to let out a low growl. Dean's breath hitched at the sound and Cas used the opportunity to dive down towards Dean's neck. He ran his hands slowly over Dean's sides, under his shirt as he nipped and kissed his way from just below the hunter's ear, down his neck, across his collar bone and back up to his chin on the other side. "fuck...." Dean panted, letting his head fall back into the shelf behind him. He let his hips roll over Cas's leg, desperate for the friction against his aching cock.
Dean twitched a bit at the memory. The pain of letting his newly human friend, at the time, fall into the grips of that evil bitch still stung after all these years, but he kept his smirk. " Yeah but that was before..." He paused. He still had a hard time accepting that Castiel had died. Even with the angel  was sitting infront of him now, he couldn't shake the feeling of helplessness he had when he thought Cas was lost to them. "...before you know..died. And came back." He added the end quickly so he didn't  have to dwell in the reality of  his friends  demise too long.
“No shit Cas.” Sam mumbled.
“I told you that you shouldn't have healed him.” Crowley yawned. “I wasn't one of your most clever ideas.”
Maeve turned to apologise to Marie when Dean spotted something behind her ear. "Is that an anti-possesion tattoo?" He asked.
Ee do ba be
"Though, I'm starting to believe he may have exaggerated a bit."
"But friends make secrets." Crowley whispered in his ear with a wink, his tongue sticking out of his smile in an air of defiance.
"Why bother?" Dean pouted. "I've been sitting here, practically on my death bed and it's like he doesn't even care. He was so pissed at me, he sent me away when I could've helped. I just....why bother, you know?"
"Because this is God!" Sam snapped, looking up at him. "This isn't just some demons that we can exorcize or an angel we can stab. It's freaking God, okay? Look I know I'm supposed to be fighting for my life here, and believe me I've been trying my best to keep a good face on for everyone, telling Cas that getting Dean back will fix everything, going along with this crazy plan, but it's God! I mean, it's kind of a 'damned if we do, damned if we don't' situation here!"
"Oh, really?" The demon challenged.
"Good." Crowley said, only half convincingly. "It's her turn to suffer the pain of loss."
For the first time since they had arrived Sam saw the angel look pissed. It was shocking to say the least. For such a giddy, proper guy, he actually looked a little terrifying when he was upset. "I believe we discussed making assumptions being foolish, even when they are based off of proper knowledge." Aziraphale gritted through his teeth.
"Then why wouldn't it work for him as well." Aziraphale replied.
"What do you mean?"
"Well you can borrow something of Sam's instead, if you don't mind being swallowed alive, I don't care." Dean finished changing and placed his bag in the closet. " All I know is, ya ain't crawling in my bed wearing that hideous, tan, security blanket of yours."
"Nothing, mom." Dean replied as he walked over to the sink to rinse out his cup. " I'm just tired of Sam being a nosey little shit, that's all."
Cas narrowed his eyes one more time in Crowley's direction before turning to face the other angel. "I'm afraid you won't be able to find out. Aziraphale, was it?" Aziraphale nodded in response. " Heaven is dying here...part of it is my fault...there are very few angels left in existence."
"Step aside, Angel, I'll handle this." Crowley stepped up to the rift and crouched down sticking his head through what was floating above the floor. "Oi! Skinny." The others heard him shout. "Fetch the missus will you, I have things to get done and you're wasting my time."
"So, basically," Crowley tipped his chair forward, landing with a thud, and placed an elbow on the table, cradling his chin, "you're saying we don't have a snowball's chance in Hell."
"Almost." Cas said, slamming his fists on either side of Dean's head causing Dean to close is eye again as he was back to waiting for his impending doom. "You see, Dean," Cas snarled, so close Dean could feel the angel’s breath on his face, "I have learned a great deal, living amongst humans for so long. I have learned emotions such as joy, and pain. I have learned how to text, how to drive, how to live every day to the fullest, in case it is my last. I have learned the importance of food, and water, and rest. I have learned how to enjoy movies and music. And of all the things I learned, there is one thing I know, I will never be able to forgive you for."
This was horrible.
"Like molecules." Cas said with a guilty smile after a moment's hesitation.
Cas came up behind him and placed a sympathetic hand on his shoulder. “He was very nice.”
🎶I can dim the lights and sing you songs full of sad things, we can do the tango just for two🎶
"They run out of the good stuff?" Dean said, eyeing the water in front of him.
"Dean…" Sam said softly. He waited for Dean to open his eyes, tears streaming down his face. "I miss them too. I miss them so much. I didn't even get to tell Cas goodbye. I'm sorry you had to be the one to see Cas go. I'm sorry I wasn't there with you."
None of them had an answer.
"That's something coming from an entire army of demons afraid to disobey one measly little human." Crowley barked out, fed up with the display.
*****
Finally, when he had found it in himself to move, he wiped his face across his sleeve and stood. He walked down the hall, towards the bedrooms, stopping infront of Cas's door. There, on the angel's, obnoxiously organized, desk, sat a cassette tape, with DEANS 13 TOP ZEPP TRAXX written across the label.  He walked over to the desk and picked up the tape, twirling it between his hands for a moment, before closing his eyes and tilting his head towards the sky.
"Good night, Sammy!" Dean waved behind him as he left for his room.
So when i started this fic, I fully intend for it to be quick and simple. I wanted Crowley and Aziraphale to to help Dean get home so he could have a fluffy moment with cas.
“I...uh...no... It's just...” Dean stammered as he tried to desperately pull his foot out of his mouth.
Sam, leaned back and shrugged. "Me neither, really. I always thought all djinn fed off happiness. It's like every time we figure stuff out, something new comes along to throw us off our game."
"You're a terrible influence on her." Cas said to Dean as he sat down.
"Okay." He said, at a loss for more words than that.
“Sorry.” Dean mumbled as he placed his hands in his lap. Crowley nodded, started the car, and the next thing he knew they were barreling down the street. As much as Dean wanted to take in the sights (he had never been to London before) the thought of looking out the window right now made him sick. The dude's driving was scary enough at night when no one else was sharing the road. In the broad daylight, it was downright terrifying, which was saying something for Dean. Instead, he decided to clear up another issue that had been bugging him since last night. “Hey, uh, listen man, while we're on the subject of apologies, I wanted to say I was sorry, ya know, for getting all up in your business, er whatever. It wasn't my place and I don't know what came over me. I'm not usually the kind of guy who prods at people's personal lives, not unless it's part of a case or something, I just....”
Dean jumped back away from the man and out of the portal, pulling an angel blade from his belt. "Who are you?!" He demanded, holding the point to the tip of the man's nose. “Are you a Man of letters? I thought we told you to disband?! How did you get me here? I'm not playing any of your sick little games you son of a bitch! The world is ending! I need to get back to..."
“You’re quite stubborn.” Aziraphale laughed.
"You do?"
" Shouldn't it be Cas then?" Sam laughed, obviously still bitter about earlier. " Ya know, since you're a bitch."
"Just a misunderstanding, is all." Crowley crooned.
Dean slapped his hand over the angel's mouth and glared at him. "Damnit Castiel, will you let me finish! I'm sorry. I'm sorry for being such a God damn idiot. I'm sorry for ever letting you feel like you were less than the world to me. I'm sorry for all the times I pushed you away. I'm sorry for ever letting you out of my sight. I was a fucking wreck after you left. Everytime. When you died, I did to. I was ready to let Billie take me away. I didn't  care about anything anymore, because you weren't  there to share it with me. I'm sorry for all the stupid fucked up shit I ever did to you. I'm sorry I lied to you. I'm  sorry..." He paused and removed his hand from the angel's  mouth taking his hand and lacing Cas's  fingers with his own. He place his forhead against Castiel's and took a long, sobering breath. "I'm sorry I  never told you....me too...okay? Me too."
"Like what?" Dean scoffed.
Claire reached under the seat and pulled out the bag. "Thanks, old man. I needed a snack for the show. I'll finish it off for you so you don't mess up your dentures. Over." She set the walkie-talkie back on the dash and tore open the bag, stuffing a few pieces in her mouth, a pleased smile on her face.
"No." Cas said grimly. "But I suppose I never will be. And I am not a soldier. Not anymore."
“Stay focused Dean!” Crowley growled. “You're losing it!”
"It's rather sweet of you to be checking in on him like this." Aziraphale said, biting back a grin.
"Get out." He said softly, pulling his knees to his chest, dangling the box between his finger as he crossed his arms over them.
“ Dean,” Mary said when he faced her. “I understand that they've been driving you crazy. I get it. I haven't been helping either and I'm sorry about that. It's just....you know you haven't said anything about Michael all week? We noticed that a few days ago.”
“ There, see.” Kaia nodded. “I hurt your kid. Let me make it up to you?”
"No." Cas practically hissed. "Death is much too good for you."
"Perfect." Dean smirked, immediately regretting his word choice as he felt Crowley lean in close to his ear.
Sam let out a breath and scrubbed a hand through his hair. He figured it might feel better to at least get something off his chest. "To be honest Charlie, I dont think Dean is cut out for the job anymore."
"Oh, that shouldn't be a problem." Donna said cheerfully. " I think I found the perfect solution."
Ee da de da de da de da
After two bottles of champagne, a bottle of wine, and several shots of whiskey, Dean was having the most fun he had in years. The only angel he had ever seen drink before was Cas (maybe Balthazar too but it was hard to tell) and he was always in a bad mood. Watching Aziraphale and Crowley go back and forth about this, that, and the other thing was a drastic change.
Jack ran excitedly down the stairs and greeted each of the three men with a hug. " How was your trip? Did you catch the zombie?!"
"Nothing worth having ever is."
“Can I come see it?” Adam's voice brought him out of his thoughts.
"Dean." Cas said calmly, placing his hand on Dean's shoulder, which almost instantly calmed him. "Sam's right. While I don’t think our case should be, or would ever need to be repeated, it would be wise to keep everything under close observation incase a similar situation arises. While we do have an ideal situation in regard to immediate crisis, there's no telling what the future holds. People will always be at war. Monsters will always create more monsters. While things may remain, for the most part, harmonious, true peace is an utter fallacy as long as free will and thought are allowed. It is not necessarily a bad thing, but it is smarter be prepared for the worst, than to assume it won't come."
"I sent him away." She answered, quietly.
"I don't..." Dean was interrupted by the flutter of wings. Both he and Claire turned to see Cas, sitting up in bed, fumbling with the buttons of his shirt. "Cas! What the hell, man!?"
"Hey, Cas?" Dean asked after a while.
Cas placed his hands hand on either side of the hunter's face, gently pulling him away, just far enough to look into his eyes. "Dean..."
"Gabriel, I decimated Heaven." Cas choked.
“You'll save it.” Adam smiled. “And then you'll come visit. The guys are going to lose it over meeting a real-life alien.” Dean couldn't help but grin back. “I suppose we should send you home now, then. The sooner you go, the sooner you can come back. Sit down.” Dean smiled and followed him back to the table. He sat down and Adam hovered his hand over his upper arm again. “The connection was stronger here, I felt it better. Are you ready?”
....kinda....
Anyway, Thanks for the love and stay tuned! Things are about to get messy.
“Excuse you?” Dean scoffed.
"No!" Sam barked, holding his hand up to stop him. " Look, I get it okay. I know why you felt you had to do what you did just...just promise me you won't ever do anything like that again. Promise?!"
"Awesome. So that's three for pizza...." Dean wasn't thinking. He should've known better than to poke the bear. But he couldn't resist. He turned to the angel with a smug look on his face and the words poured out of his mouth. "...What about you Cas? Got any suggestions. You didn't even touch your breakfast."
Cas whipped around and was instantly in Sam's face, standing several inches below him and somehow making him feel about two feet tall as his glowing eyes burrowed deep into the hunter's soul "Why the hell did you two come back?!" He bellowed, a hint of his angelic voice leaking through. Sam felt himself backing away as Cas began moving forward. "You could have ruined everything! I sent you away to be safe! If you would have stayed you would have been obliterated! The fact that any of us made it out alive is a God damned miracle. But you? You're human! You would have been destroyed and there is nothing I could have done! Nothing! The world would be fine without me! But you? Dean?! It would have been nothing! Do you realize how selfish it was?! You two are all I have! What would I have done?!" Sam tripped backwards over a branch, breathing hard in fear of being destroyed by and angel throwing a temper tantrum, but Cas stopped. His eyes stopped glowing revealing blood shot and red rimmed orbs of blue as a sob escaped him and he dropped back down to his knees in front of Sam, burying his face in his hands. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I was so scared. I searched for so long...he was so broken when I found him and I couldn't do anything, I couldn't....."
"Relax." She chuckled.  "I'm not here for revenge or anything. I should be thanking you actually." She smiled wider spreading her hands out. "I got a pretty good gig out of the whole thing."
A few notes:
"Can it Sam!" Dean snapped " I just didn't feel like watching the guy mope around, alright. Knock it off."
Cas stared at him, searching his face. "You seem sincere, and I want to believe you Sam, but if history has taught me anything, it's that the Winchester's don't care about anything as much as they do each other. I highly doubt you would go against Dean's wishes and let me stay with you."
"Don't think this gets you off the hook." Dean said, effectively squashing Sam's train of thought as he stood up from the wall to continue his rampage. "I ain't gonna forget what you said. And I'm still hunting down Cas." Shit! So close. "I gotta few things I need to say to that ..."
"So much." Chuck scoffed. "I mean yours was pretty much doomed from the get-go. I did not stick with that story line long. I mean, look at you two! An angel and a demon? That's just..." He shuddered "...icky. The second Aziraphale decided not to strike you down for entering the garden, I knew I had messed up. So, I moved on, changed a few characters, and boom. Fixed!"
Now these next two chapters aren't exactly my favorite, but they were necessary to move the story along. Don't worry though, I kept plenty of humor in them.
“If it works, you'll send me home, right?” Her voice was shakey as she stared straight ahead.
"Cas, no!" Dean screamed, struggling to his feet.
"Dean," Cas sighed "my powers are mostly gone. They've been draining for a while now. I told you that. I can't heal, I can barely fight. I've basically become human. You, and Sam, and Jack, you all have a part to play. I'm…I'm practically useless to you at this point. There's nothing I can do."
Adam nodded and watched as his father went further into the house before turning his gaze on them. “What do you lot need?” He said in a bored tone. “I’ve already told you, I have no interest in ruling the world. I've got enough on my plate, thank you very much.” Dean couldn't help but chuckle at the kid's cocky attitude. “Who's he? Another one of your stupid friends?” Dean laughed even harder. The kid had some serious balls.
“Destiny can be rewritten.” Cas growled.
Dean pulled back his hand, a little more than hurt. He and Claire had always had a close-ish relationship, more so after the last month, and it had always been slightly teasing, but never downright hateful. "Sorry." He said again as he watched her stand up. Maybe she was just irritated at the kids again. At least he hoped that's all it was. "Um, do you maybe know where Cas is? I heard he was back and I kinda have a few things I need to say to him."
"I most certainly will not!" Aziraphale gasped, but Crowley ignored him and went on.
He was always a mess when Cas disappeared, now that Sam really thought about it. It was usually anger though. Whether it was at himself or Cas was usually the only difference. It was probably because, for the first time, Dean wasn't sure that Cas would come back. Hell, even when they watched him walk into that reservoir and explode into a mist of leviathan, he kept the guy's stupid trench coat in every single car they drove just to give it back to him. After they watched Lucifer stab him through the heart though... There was no doubt in Sam's mind Dean would've completely fallen apart if Cas just up and died again without an explanation. He needed him. Cas was the first and only thing he had ever had faith in besides family. He was family now. And Dean loved his family. Dean loved him...he....he lo....wait...
"Hello." The creature said in an oddly boyish and joyful voice. The fear in the Almighty's face was the last piece of the puzzle as to what (and who) the creature was.
"Hey," she said, "Your smart, you'll figure it out. You Winchester's always do."
"But you weren't." Chuck shrugged. "You figured it out."
Had to add that little tidbit about gay monkeys and nitrous oxide from the book. It's one of my favorite lines.
🎶Feel a change is good for you
"Hate to break it to you, Sammy, but I have a feeling we ain't leaving for home that early tomorrow. We got a movie to watch tonight."
Cas stood tall and held out his hand, clearly loving the attention "Hello. My name is Castiel. Pleased to meet you."
"Oh, yeah?" Chuck laughed, and suddenly the brothers found themselves standing two feet in front Chuck as he raised his fingers to snap once more, an evil smirk spreading over his face. "Make me."
So hit me up if you have any questions or suggestions or just wanna chat.
"You don't have to do it alone." Sam said sympathetically. "Cas, will be with you."
That's when Dean snapped. He was about to lose control, the angel was driving him up the wall, and he had to make it stop. So he did the only thing he could think of as he grabbed Cas by the lapels and closed the distance between them.
Sam was really starting to wonder how Bobby had managed to do this all those years. Granted, the old man's network was probably much smaller and it's not like he had to deal with this big of a disaster, but he dealt with of his fair share of apocalypses and he still managed. Sam had only been at this for a year, really the most of it only being in the last month and it was already wearing him down. Who knew spending hours on the phone with panicked hunters would be so exhausting? On the bright side, Cas had managed to take out some of the worst hoards in the US (in other places too, Sam, your country is not the sole concern here. They are not as well equipped to deal with ... blah blah blah) so that just left the ones that were in hiding, meaning the hunters could regroup and re organize to, hopefully, take the rest of them.
“Well, that's certainly not an option.” Crowley stated.
"Woah, Cas..." Sam piped up in surprise. "You okay man?"
"Yummy." He pushed himself up with his shoulder and walked up to the island where Dean was working. He leaned down to put elbows on the work top and placed his chin his hands, smiling smugly. "I'm sure the food tastes good, too." Then that son of a bitch winked.
"She said she needed an army." Jack answered. "I didn't know of any other angels that would be on our side, so I told her to wake Gabriel, because I knew he had fought for us and when she told us you were here...."
"That's not really surprising." Dean chuckled.
"Nonsense." Rowena said sharply as she pulled the girl up and began nudging her out of the room. "Come now. Long day tomorrow. We all need to be at our best."
“Dean.” He kept on. “Truth or Dare?”
Dean had been searching the bunker for over an hour before the panic set in. He only had ten more doors to go when he started to think at maybe Cas had slipped by him and snuck out before he had the chance to lock everything down. Then he heard something clatter behind one of the doors as he passed it followed by a quiet, yet gruff "Son of a bitch."
"I'm merely pointing out that your lack of confidence in this moment may not be the best approach." The angel sighed. "Though an army encamp against me, my heart shall not fear; though war arise against me, yet I will be confident." He quoted again. "A king should be nothing, if not confident. I doubt the demons will be inclined to listen to you if they see you are teetering on the edge of madness."
"Meg, how is this possible?" Sam asked bewildered as angels began dropping the others off around the two at a time. "What's going on? How are any of you alive?"
Cas turned his head away and chuckled. "I'm just as surprised as you are to be honest." After a while, he turned back to look the hunter square in the eye. "None of what I have done is your fault, Dean. Not one thing." He held up his hand to cut off the protest Dean had started. "Just listen. Yes, you were the one who taught me about free will. That was a gift, not a curse. Yes, everything that has happened to me since I rebelled has been because of you, but not because you demanded it of me. You have no more control over me than Heaven did before you. Everything I've done, every choice I have made since I met you, was exactly that. My choice."
Cas's smile slipped again, and he let out a pained sigh, squeezing his eyes shut. No, no, no, no, no! What did he say? Things were going so well! Why would that make him upset? "Dean...I..." Cas choked out. Then he stopped. His eyes shot open and sheer panic and fear overtook his features. His breathing became erratic and his body stiffened. "Run." He breathed out in a scared whisper. Dean stood, staring at him, confused. Frozen. What was happening, what the hell did he just do?! "Dean..." he hissed, his voice shaky and terrified. Were they still playing the game? What the..."RUN!!!"
All at once nine years of similar  phrases starting flowing through  the hunter's head like a flood of clarity.
"Well ain't that just a hoot and half." Donna said, still sounding a little skeptical.
Dean awoke to rays of sunlight, softly beaming through the large window on the opposite side of the room. It had been one of the most peaceful nights of sleep he ever remembered having. He looked around the room and found his clothes neatly folded on the seat of the chair he had flung them on last night. He stretched himself out, swung his legs over the edge of the bed and walked over to the chair to get dressed. When he picked up his clothes, he couldn't help but notice they smelled freshly laundered as well. He wasn't sure whether to be grateful for the clean clothes or slightly disturbed that a demon managed to slip into his room and take his personal belongings without him noticing, but he figured it was best not to question it. He was still uncertain of the level of power celestial beings held in this universe, and he didn't want to test it over something that could just be a pleasant gesture.
“ What?!” Sam choked.
“A few?"
"Maybe..." Cas replied, smirking again "Probably not..."
"No. " He laughed again. "You chose the Winchester's over them. You chose Dean. That's not on you. That's their fault." Cas tilted his head and raised his brow, confusion written all over his face. "Oh, come on, man! Heaven's been watching you two make goo-goo eyes at each other since day one. If they were stupid enough to think that they would've won over him, even for a second, then they're the ones to blame. Those two have been more like family to you than any of those nimrods ever have. And Dean? Not even death itself can tear you two apart. Scissors beats paper, rock beats scissors, Dean beats angels. They should've known better."
"Right." Sam scoffed shaking his head. Of course, Cas would take Dean's side on this. He always did, and now Sam knew why. "Just go along with whatever Dean says. That's worked out great for us in the past. Jesus Christ, Cas, how about you think for yourself for a change."
Aziraphale hummed into another lingering kiss, his hands curling over Crowley's collar. "Whatever you say, love." He smiled.
He realized early on, that the stages sometimes skipped around. This time anger won out.
The words rang through his head, a shadow of the aching pain he felt then surging through his heart as he shot another blast.
"No!" Sam snapped, getting fed up with Dean's interruptions. " You're not...look, Dean I tried to talk to you about this last night so you could have some time to think it over, but you wouldn't listen. Aziraphale and I thought long and hard about this and I know you aren't gonna like it, but we're kinda out of options at this point..."
Shout out to the season 12 gag reel when Jensen told Misha he looked like a pedophile. One of my favorite outtakes.
Dean spat the blood from his mouth and turned his icy gaze back on Cas. "You, stupid, self-sacrificing, son of a BITCH! He was never going to save us! He was the spawn of Satan! We would've been just fine without him! It's always been us!"
The rest of the evening turned out to be one of the best nights they had experienced in a long time. The food was all Supernatural themed, which was a little weird, but damn if it wasn't delicious. Sam spent most of the night being fan girled over which, though he would never admit it, he loved. Cas and Dean spent a lot of time explaining that they weren't actually a couple, then, when no one was looking, Cas would show off some of his Angel powers to the girls from the play. They briefly met a few other friends and family members, coming up with various identities for each one, causing a lot of gossip amongst the unknowing patrons.
"Definitely better than the scraps I've been living off of lately." Kaia chimed in.
"No... Cas...no." Dean took a deep breath and took a few more cautious steps forward, speaking softly. "That's not what I... that’s not...are you forgetting who's up there man?" Cas deflated a little at that. It was a low blow, but he had to do it. Mentioning her might be his only chance at talking him out of this suicide mission.
Dean was fuming. “What. Did. You. Do?”
*****
When they got back to the bunker, things only got worse. The jokes weren't nearly as frequent, but their ever present threat was maddening. That, coupled with the fact that Dean was now constantly overcome by guilt every time he was in the same room with Castiel, it was enough to drive anyone to extreme measures. He knew the angel would do anything for him. He had died over and over again for Dean's sake. It was only a matter of time before he lost his friend for good and it was all his fault. He had corrupted Cas so much over the past ten years that he was worried he'd never be able to have anything outside of saving the Winchesters.
The 'home theater' looked like a full blown movie theater if you asked Dean. Complete with recliner seats, cup holders and a massive screen. He didn't think he'd ever be able to understand why rich people spent money they way they did on things like this.
Jack ran over and hugged her around the waist. “ Thank you, Grandma Mary. I had a really great time with you.”
Also: sorry if the formatting is a little wonky. I'm trying to get used to writing on the computer again, so bear with me.
"All the time." Dean smirked. "I tell him he's like family, that I need him, that he's my best friend."
as always, thank all of you for being so awesome. your comments and kudos make my day.
"We all got a role in this, Claire." He shrugged. "You gotta play the hand that you were dealt."
"You need to find Amara!" Sam shouted, finally at the end of his rope. "She's the only thing powerful enough, that we know of, that even stands a chance against Chuck!"
Love, love, love, love, love
"Hmmm." Crowley hummed in agreement as he moved his head to nuzzle the back of Aziraphale’s neck. "I told him I was much more likely to fall for him, given my preferences." Aziraphale tensed up and Crowley snickered placing a soft kiss to the base of his skull to calm him. " 'm only joking. You're more than enough angel for me."
"I'm sure." Crowley replied without turning around
It all started after Mary brought Jack home a day after they got back from Flint. To be fair, it wasn't even Cas or Sam that had brought it up. It's not like Dean could really blame the kid either. As mature as he looked, chronologically, Jack was only about two years old. He didn't exactly understand family dynamics, and to be honest, their family wasn't exactly the Cleaver's, so it's understandable how he could get confused. But it still didn't give his brother and the angel the right to be such complete dicks!
"You're my everything too." Aziraphale said, beaming up at Crowley.
Dean waited until they were out of sight before he began a the area he had seen Cas looking at. It wasn't hard to find. There, on a shelf marked 100 tickets, sat a stuffed bee. " Alright," Dean told the guy " gimme those foam nun-chucks, a couple bouncy balls and that stuffed bee up there."
Dean closed his mouth and took a steadying breath before turning to his own drink. He was having trouble trying to speak. " That uh, um, wow...yeah, Cas that was great. Say that."
"That scene from the play, well not the scene but the actual night? I don't think I can ever thank you enough for saving me that night. I saw a lot of really shitty things in that future, and Zack pretty much had me by the balls in the room. If you hadn't zapped me outta there when you did..."
However, if you do wish to see it through to the end, I can give you a brief summary of the other story line so you won't have to go back and read it.
"No." Aziraphale huffed. " I suppose you couldn't say no, could you."
"I'm really not."
"Oh, hell no!" Dean scoffed over the edge of his mug. " I ain't drivin' three hours to go stand around and check out a bunch of old relics." He gave a wink to the angel leaning on the opposite wall. "I can stay here and look at Cas if I wanted to do that." He paused for a second, terror welling up in his chest as soon as he realized his mistake.
“Very recently, yes.” Cas nodded solemnly.
" Fine." Cas sighed, looking away. "We'll wait until you return to talk to the angels."
Sam took a deep breath and let his head slump back down to the table. As he let the air out, he felt the last little bit of hope he had go with it. This was it. After everything they had worked for, everything they had done, everything they had fought for their entire lives, this was it. This was the end. “Good for Dean then, I guess.”
"Excuse me?"
They opted for a motel on the other side of town from the one they stayed in during the last time they were in Flint. Sam and Dean both agreed it was best they avoid getting  recognized again. The room was a bit nicer than what they usually got when they were on the road. Since living in the bunker, they had grown accustomed to the comfort of having an actual home, and after the day they already had, Dean felt like he deserved a little comfort. Not to mention, his age didn't allow for him to sleep on ratty old mattresses for too long anymore, not that he'd ever admit to it.
" Let him go." Dean said again, trying his best to ignore Chuck completely. "Amara, please."
Cas's face scrunched up in pain. He swallowed hard trying to find strength for his next words. " Dean....I don't  expect...."
I will be posting an epilogue tomorrow and then we have come to the end of our journey. thank you so much for reading. I never imagined it would get this far. I hope you all enjoyed it.
"Why would I do that?" She asked looking from the screen to the slip of paper on the bar.
"The hell you will!" Crowley hissed, causing the angel to step back.
"Well then it sounds like you will need all the energy you can get." Cas replied. "You had better finish eating....Dear."
“And?” Crowley growled. “Did you get anything out of your idiotic venture into the lion's den?”
"We're gonna try and build a cage of souls to trap God in." Sam answered, staring off in the direction Dean went. "Amara agreed to help us, but she refused to kill him, so it's the only other thing we could think of."
"That keeps the balance then, yes?" Aziraphale asked thoughtfully. "Having her alive, but locked away where she can't cause harm, it keeps the balance so that the universe can keep on existing?"
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose and shook his head. "I don't think that's such a good idea mom."
(See the end of the chapter for
Anyway, here's the final chapter before the epilogue. Hope I didn't disapoint....
"Fat chance, Cas." Crowley snipped. "I'm not about to put my life on the line for a matter that doesn't even concern me."
It was a dangerous back and forth between the two of them. Betrayal and forgiveness. No matter how many times they had hurt each other they always winded up back together. It all made sense why Cas always came back now, but Dean... Sam shook the thought from his head as he knocked on Cas's door. He knew his brother. There had to be a reason, but that wasn't it. “Cas?” He asked after a minute of silence.
“Adam, huh?” Dean smiled. “Cool name. I had a brother named Adam once. He was real brave. I bet you're brave too, aren't you?”
“That's it then “Dean clapped his hands together. “I’m gonna miss that kid.” He said sadly.
"Oh, my!" Aziraphale shook his head. "That won't be necessary." He snapped his fingers as Sam began to push his first pile of glass and rubble into the pan and the entire place was as good as new. "There you are." He smiled up at Sam.
"Yeah. Love's a hell of a thing, I guess." Dean scoffed
“How do they normally communicate?” Aziraphale asked.
Sam shrugged, his hair still dripping from his shower. “You cooked, so why not.”
Dean shrunk in on himself a bit and shook his head. "I don't know what you're talking about."
Chuck narrowed his eyes and pressed his lips into a thin line. "So what? They still can't hurt me! They're powers are nothing to me, static shock at the most."
"I know we need to talk about everything that happened, and we will, but right now I want to get to Cas before he goes off and does something stupid." He made a move to walk down the few short stairs into the bunker, but Sam stepped in front of him to block the way.
"That's the other thing." Crowley added, slightly amused.
“Your threats don't frighten me, darling.” Rowena smirked “You can try to destroy me all you want, greater and more powerful beings than you have tried, and yet here I am! I know my destiny, and you, lad, are not it.”
“Crowley, yes.” Blondie...Aziraphale, smiled back at the other man and turned back to Dean. “And you, my dear boy?”
Both brothers exchanged a worried look before turning to face the middle aged, robust woman beside the table.
“Yeah.” Dean answered curtly.
“We were only supposed to guide Dean back home. Now you want to stay?”
“ C'mon, Sammy!” Dean scoffed. “ I had four drinks! What do you think I am, a bitch?”
"I've told you so many times, in so many ways." Cas sobbed "You know why. You've always known."
As soon as the words were out of his mouth, Sam watched Dean curl in on himself. The gasping sobs only made worse by his injuries. Sam sat and rubbed his back as he waited. It broke his heart to know his brother had been holding it in for so long. He knew that it had taken Dean a while to respond to his frantic phone calls after Chuck had wiped the Earth, but now he was starting to realize, those few hours weren't nearly long enough for Dean to handle his grief. It was a while before he pulled himself together enough to speak again.
Dean was the first to break the hug, stepping back enough to see a small smile on Cas's face, but then something shiny behind the Angel caught his eye. He gasped, seeing Baby parked just a few feet away, glistening in the sunlight.
“It doesn't matter anyway.” Crowley said, slamming the car into park. “We’re here.” Dean looked out the window to see a massive apartment building in front of them. “Top floor, to the left and don't touch anything.” Crowley said as he got out.
“Don't mention it, buddy.” Dean waved behind him as he continued his journey for food.
It was a good thing Crowley stood up and yawned when he did, effectively cutting off whatever the angel was about to say. The balance of their friendship could remain intact for the night. "I hope nobody has claimed the couch yet." Crowley yawned again. "I would very much like to get some rest myself."
Dean toppled to the ground as the demon flew across the room, hanging in the air over the throne and grasping at Castiel's hand around his neck. "ME!" Cas growled, the shadow of his wings splaying across the wall. The demon let out an ear shattering wail, his eyes and mouth exploding in a hot white light before Cas tossed the lifeless vessel to the ground. He turned to face the rest of the room and wiped his hand on the throne. "Any more questions?"
"And I don't want to die!"
Throw the door wide open
"Perhaps he changed his mind " Aziraphale offered.
So here you go...sorry...
******
Castiel stared at him, confused. He had never promised not to care for Dean. Quite the opposite, actually. It wasn't until he looked at Sam that he really understood what was going on. His face was filled with guilt and anger. "You told him."
******
"Okay..." Sam said suspiciously " what'd you have in mind?"
Sam let out a long breath, pushing back his hair as he thought. The outside world was already crumbling around them, the last thing they needed was to bring something dangerous inside their home. “I guess we can try the dungeon. If anything comes through we aren't sure about, we could lock it up in there until we can figure it out.” The other three nodded their agreement, and they all set to work gathering everything up to bring down there. He was starting to wonder if maybe they were doing the wrong thing, tempting fate like this. Nothing good ever came from them refusing to leave well enough alone.
"Some of us are more connected to the earth and the powers that be." Rowena glared. "There is something powerful and dangerous brewing on the horizon. I can feel it "
Well, fuck.
Cas just shrugged, the son of a bitch.
“I know no such thing.” Crowley replied, indignantly. “After, you.”
Cas...
Dean winced as Sam grabbed him by the arms to pull him up, his whole body aching. "Yeah, yeah I think I'm good." He took a deep breath, feeling a twinge of pain as soon as he did, indicating he had probably bruised a few ribs at least. "That was close." He groaned through gritted teeth, trying his best to ignore the pain. "Thanks for having my back."
Cas shot him a nervous glance, licking his lips and then turned his eyes down to the bar, seemly finding  a particularly interesting crack in the wood to pick at. "I'm...I don't ...I've never...I'm not really sure." He sputtered nervously. The barmaid returned  with another beer for Cas. He glanced down at the empty shot glasses infront of him and gave her a nervous smile.
"Yes, Dean. I remember." Jack smiled proudly.
"You do?" Crowley sneered.
But he couldn't find it in himself to speak.
"Save it." She turned away again. "No one wants to hear it. Least of all, Castiel."
Marie smiled back proudly. "Not at all! I told you, Supernatural is their favorite series! It's what brought them together. I think it's only fitting that they celebrate their upcoming union with a splash of their passion."
"Calm down, Samuel!" Rowena chided staring down into the box. "It could still work."
Adam ignored Aziraphale's hand and looked past him to Dean. “I already saved the world, you know. I can't be helping everyone who comes to my door step. I'd never get anything done, then.”
Sam figured that was the end of the conversation. He knew the Angel had loved them, considered them family. He took a little solace in knowing he died happy, but he wasn't going to push his brother past what was his obvious breaking point. Not tonight. He moved to go grab the bottle of whiskey, preparing to drown their sorrows in liquor for the night. There would be time to discuss it all later. More time than he thought apparently, because Dean was done with hunting. Whatever happened with Cas had obviously broken him, but as he began to rise, Dean spoke up again.
Sorry about the shitty smut. Next up: FEELINGS
Murmurs of agreement began to rise through the ranks, causing Castiel to panic. This was worse than he thought. Even the angels he thought he could consider friends were ready to rise against him. “He killed me." Balthazar said loudly over the crowd, and Cas felt his heart drop. "I was his best friend and he ran me right through with a blade. Literally, stabbed me in the back." Balthazar had moved the front of the group, his face solemn and serious, until he threw a wink in Castiel's direction before turning to face the rest. "I have just as much reason to write him off as any of you. However, I did betray him first."
"It won't be enough." She shook her head. "Nothing is ever enough. Not for you. Nothing will ever be perfect in your eyes."
"Cas, it's fine." Claire said, placing a gentle hand on his arm. "It's fine. Dean didn't do anything." She shot a look at Dean while Cas was busy staring him down, mouthing the words "don't fuck up again" before pulling the angel's sleeve to get his attention. "Really, I'm okay. I'm just tired, and I'm fed up with those little fucking ankle biters. I promise, dude. Let me go take a nap and I'll help you whenever I get up okay?"
Cas shifted on his feet looking down, trying to hide his amusement at the brothers' squabbling. "I thought it would be nice to visit the botanical gardens." He schooled his face into a look of mild disappointment before lifting his gaze. "However, I realized that it is still to cold to really enjoy such an environment."
It was a movie night, when Cas had told him about Naomi. They were watching A Clockwork Orange and it had gotten to the part where they had the guy's eyes pried open, forcing him to watch all that crap and Cas had just started panicking. He was on the floor clutching his head screaming in a mixture of enochian and English. Dean didn't understand most of what was saying as he clutched onto the angel's shoulders and tried to coax him out of it, but he heard her name, and that was enough. It took Dean forever to calm him down, even longer for Cas to tell him what happened. When he did though, he told Dean everything. What she had done to him to erase his memories every time he screwed up, everything he didn't tell them about the time they were hunting the tablets, right down to Naomi making him kill Dean over and over again until he got it right. And now she was back, sitting on her throne, waiting for the day she could scramble his brains for good. They had spent the rest of the night watching chick flicks, just to make sure nothing would trigger him again.
Carla blushed and tucked her long, dark hair behind her ear, giggling nervously, “ I'm fine sir, what can I get you?”
"A gift?!" Crowley practically giggled. "You gave him a mix tape, of your favorite songs? As a gift?!"
Aziraphale smiled across the kitchen island at Crowley, as he finished chewing his final bite of the sandwich the demon had actually made him by hand. It was amazing to him, after the years of petty arguments and fighting on opposite sides of an everlasting war, that Crowley still managed to surprise him with his, unexpected, kindness and affection. It was hard at first, when a strange human had landed in the middle of his shop and began spouting crazy notions of monsters and evil, for him to accept the fact that the Almighty might not be as great as he always believed. However, in moments like these, as he watched Crowley beaming back at him, proud of his ability to put a smile on Aziraphale’s face with an act as simple as hand making him food, he found it hard to believe that that he ever thought anybody willing to cast aside such a kind and caring creature for such a minor offense, could be completely benevolent. Crowley had never been like other demons. He was wily, no doubt, but he was never evil. He did as he was told, just as Aziraphale always had. It wasn't his fault that his instructions happened to come from the Dark Lord. It was business. Even so, he always got by doing the bare minimum. There was certainly something to be said about a demon wanting to cause the least amount of pain and chaos that his position would allow.
"I'd listen to your angel if I were you." Crowley agreed. "You'll be of no use to us if you're half-dead."
There's no way....
"I figured it was only fair that I warn you." Castiel said, solemnly. "It's up to you, Jack. You have Sam and Dean. You have Death herself on your side. There is nothing more that I can do. My powers are failing. I can't…" he swallowed, squeezing his eyes shut as he choked back his tears of frustration before continuing. "I am too weak to even heal minor injuries without becoming exhausted. I can feel my strength draining away a little more each day now. My time has come."
Adam lifted his head and his eyes went wide. “Oh my God! I actually did it!” He said, excitedly.
"I don't know what came over me." Dean said pacing through the room. "Sam told me that he traded his life and I just fucking lost it. I didn't want him to leave. I just wanted him to tell me why he would do that again."
"Yes." She said coldly. "And it is something that my brother has none of."
"That was absolutely exquisite Dean." Aziraphale sighed after dropping his spoon into his ramekin. " Had your life gone differently, I believe you would have had a promising career in the culinary arts."
"Dean." Cas said pushing against Dean to make him stop. "You can't save me this time. My time is up. I've made my bed, and now…"
As we all know, Dean tends to take extreme measures to solve his problems. This is no exception. But he kinda uses his words for once so it makes up for it.
“Right!” Aziraphale said a little too loudly, trying to steer the conversation away from this potential falling out. “Well that answers two of my questions.” Dean looked back over at the angel and crossed his arms, finding himself a little less inclined to answer anymore. “Now, you said that you were able to open the rift using the essence of an archangel, is that correct?” He tried his best to keep a pleasant tone, but he felt like this human could snap at any moment. Who knew someone could be so protective over an acquaintance?
" Yes!" Dean said in a harsh whisper. "Try to keep it down kid! We don't exactly wanna advertise that we have an angel hanging around, ya know."
"Except you didn't." Said a woman dressed in black, as she walked through the crowd.
Dean had been getting more belligerent over the past few years. Not to say he hadn't grown as a person since Cas had met him, but where he grew in some areas, he shrunk in others. He was more willing to accept that not all supernatural creatures were monsters, he even managed to make friends with a few. However, as the years went on, he became less inclined to accept help from those who were willing, those who cared. Cas supposed it wouldn't be so much of a problem, had he not become one of those creatures that Dean didn't trust.
"I don’t want people to share my experiences!" Dean argued. "No one should have to go through what I've been through! No one should have to fight like we have. I certainly don’t want anyone to have to rely on some dick bag angel to…" he stopped himself, pinching the bridge of his nose and shaking his head. "Cas, I appreciate you trying save me, I do. That's not what I mean… I just don’t like not knowing…"
The demon stood up and began pacing the room. "I wasn't lying when I told you that I was worried he wouldn't stop here and, after seeing what I saw, I'm now certain of it. This isn't some child upset with one drawing, crumbling it up to toss it in the bin and start over. He's ready to burn the whole damn book, the whole canvas, easel and all. So, we leave? Fine. We'll be safe for a while. Wait it out while he destroys world after world, universe after universe, waiting for the day that he gets to ours, and then what? Accept it? Wait in blissful ignorance until it's our time to go? I won't do it. I can't."
“Cas ain't no wimp.” Dean growled. Aziraphale stopped laughing immediately. “Sure, he can be a kinda stupid sometimes, and yeah he gets sad over stuff and whatever, but that don't make him pathetic! He's a total bad ass. He could kick your ass with both wings tied behind his back and not even break a sweat!”
“Well, she's not a proper witch with warts and everything.” Adam explained. “She's actually very pretty.” A hot witch? Dean could deal with that. “Her fiancé tells her so all the time.” Or not....
And it was all Castiel's fault.
"No." Cas shook his head, squeezing his pseudo son once before grabbing him by the shoulders and holding him firmly at arm's length. "No, Jack I'm sorry. None of this is on you. I should've taken better care of you. I should have paid more attention to the signs that you were faltering. This isn't your fault. It's mine. I made a promise to protect you and I failed, because of my own selfish wants. Don't you dare take this on yourself." Jack nodded, his face still scrunched up in guilt, but he made no attempt to argue. "Now I need one of you to explain, just what the hell is going on? How are the two of you even awake?"
"Eh, come on, you know I'm just teasin ya!" Dean chuckled, jabbing her on the shoulder playfully. "He may have the hair, but the body parts are all wrong, right?"
It wasn't until it was time for lunch, that Dean had made his fatal mistake. Maybe it was the fact that it hadn't been brought up in almost and entire day, or maybe it was the talk he and Sam had with Mary the night before, but he had all but forgotten about the dagger looming over his head.
Sam hadn't found another way, of course. Not that Castiel had expected him to. He understood Dean's insistence that he at least try, but it was a fruitless effort. Amara was their only option. The man was just stubborn. Even after finally accepting that the trip had to be made, he still insisted on driving. He had told Cas that it was due to his fear of flying, but Cas knew otherwise. He was stalling. Trying to prolong the inevitable and as much as Cas wanted to agree, to stretch time out and spend just one or two more days with Dean pretending that they weren't about to face the woman who had rattled them both to their cores at the mere mention of her name, the embodiment of destruction, circumstances would not allow it. They needed to find her as soon as possible. It was a small argument, Dean's words were more full of wishful pleas than actual heat, but eventually it was decided. He was currently down the hall in the armory, filling a backpack with any weapons that would fit inside. It was pointless, as nothing they had would be effective against her, but Cas supposed it made him feel better, so he let him go.
"Yeah, sure kid." Dean said ruffling his hair. " Maybe every few months or, so we can have a weekend off." He stumbled over to Jack and ruffled his hair. "Just the five of us."
"You're damn right I am!" Dean cut him off, storming across the garage towards the door. "And you should be too! He's your friend too, in case you forgot. He's pulled your ass out of the fire just as many times as he has mine."
"Whoa, whoa, whoa!" Gabriel said holding up his hands."Call off the dogs! I'm not trying to punish anyone here."
“Fascinating.” Anathema repeats for the thousandth time as she runs her fingers over the angel blade lain across the table. “Truly astounding.” She pressed the fingers of her free hand to her lips as she mulled over the story she was just told. She was no stranger to the absurd, that much was for sure. She had spent her entire life trying to decipher the, seemingly nonsensical, ramblings of an ancient witch. Absurd was her bread and butter, but this...” I wonder if Agnes knew of this.” She murmured to herself, lost in thought and forgetting her company.
loudly. He could almost feel Cas's rage building by the second. He was just ready to get all this over with. They were all doomed either way, at least if this worked, they could all be doomed together. “What do we gotta do?”
"Jack." Billie's voice interrupted. They both turned to see her waiting in the doorway. "It's time."
"You, know..." Cas said after a while, "Dean is only 40. In the grand scheme of things, I don't think that really constitutes as 'old'."
“You know what? It's fine.” Dean said. “Don't get me wrong, I'm fucking pissed, but I get it, man. I haven't exactly been the most honest person myself, ya know. We really gotta stop all this lying to each other bullshit.”
“I told you, my budd...Cas... he's an angel.” Dean wasn't sure if he could really call Cas his friend anymore. The seraph had made it pretty clear that things weren't okay with them. “The guy's healed me more times than I can count. I know what it feels like.”
Sam squeezed his eyes shut and sucked in a sharp breath. He knew Garth didn't mean it that way, he was just being Garth, but it struck a chord. The sound was enough to catch Garth’s attention. He turned his head back towards Sam, the hunter turning to meet his gaze. Garth didn't need to ask. It was written all over Sam's face. The werewolf closed his eyes and shook his head, letting out a defeated sigh.
It was the truth. Dean was the worst Sam had ever seen him. He was used the anger, and the lashing out but watching Dean just give up completely...it wasn't normal. At first Sam had accounted it to everything they had lost at that point. Mom was pulled the rift with Lucifer. Crowley had killed himself to try to help them, but it ended up meaning nothing. They weren't able to save Kelly like they had planned. It was a lot. But the fact that Dean's mood did a complete 180 the second he heard Cas's voice on the other end of that call...his mind flashed with the image of Dean kneeling helplessly beside Cas's dead body. He watched as his brother carried their friend's lifeless corps from the cabin, wrapped tightly in the curtains from the windows, and placed him gently on top of the pyre. The picture of Dean's broken expression as he watched his best friend go up in smoke was permanently seared into his brain. They had dealt with death before. You couldn't live the type of life they did without having to say goodbye to loved ones along the way, but that was the first time Sam could remember ever seeing Dean so totally lost.
“Is that what this is about?” The angel asked. “Adventure?”
It was wrong. Cas knew it was wrong. He should to walk away or let his presence be known, ask what they needed him to do and leave so he could wallow in his pity alone.
"I hate this town." Dean grumbled before taking another bite of his burger.
"Heightened senses, amigo." Garth said proudly. "One of the perks of being a werewolf. Not to mention the fact that ever since Mikey hit me with his go-go juice, I've been able to smell a feather-head from a mile away. You'd be surprised how little of them are left."
"Me too, Cas."
*****
"We'll miss you, Jack." Cas said, crushing Jack in his arms. "I love you."
The whole conversation was hitting Cas close to home. He stood, straightened up and started marching towards the door, determined to prove his worth. "I got this."
“ It's no big deal.” She shrugged. “I wasn't exactly safe where I was anyway. A little warning wouldn't have hurt though.”
"See, there you go again." Aziraphale said. "Hardly the man your brother made you out to be." Sam huffed and scrunched his face up rolling it back down to stare at the floor. "You have fought against angels and demons alike. You have defeated the devil himself, several times over, and came out the other side each and every time. Why now, when it your famed tenacity is needed the most, have you suddenly decided to give up?"
Sam shook his head at himself, trying his damndest to let go of his own bitterness to be there for his friend. "Ya, I know. I'm sorry…just…I know you're hurting right now, I just want you to know I'm here for you."
So, I had this chapter fully written out like THE day I posted the last one, fully intending on editing it and posting the next day. The story was coming together fast and I kept writing intending on pumping out like three to four chapters a week. Then I found a fic that looked interesting. So I started to read it, and it wasn't until I was three chapters in and fully invested that I realized it was over 500k words....long story short...I've been reading instead of writing and editing. Sorry.... but it was soooo worth it.
“Nothing.” Crowley snorted. “You seem to have a very high opinion of the angel that's not yours, is all.”
"Hey, don't worry about it kid." The laughed, patting Cas on the back. "You got this. Even if you can't think of any more angels to help out. You spent the last few years with the Winchesters after all. Those guys are the Kings of the flying by the seat of their pants. You were bound to pick something up from them. We'll think of something."
Crowley let him go and stepped back, holding out his hand. "It will be an honor to die at your side, Angel."
"Suspense." Rowena answered for him. "He wanted to build the suspense, to have you die in an epic battle for your life and watch the world fall after you."
* OL AZIAZOR ELASA - I love you
“All that 'Dominating, do as I say or I'll make you my bitch' shit you just pulled. Don't get me wrong, it was sexy as hell, I just didn't know you had it in you.” Dean explained.
He shut off the water and toweled off, proud with his solution. He slipped into his clean clothes and wiped some steam from the mirror to fix his hair and brush his teeth. "You, my friend, are a genius." He said, winking at his reflection.
Chuck narrowed his eyes and stepped closer shaking his head. "You, Castiel... You were my biggest mistake. I thought it was Lucifer, but I was wrong. It was you."
Sam bit his lip and shook his head. "We know where she is, or at least where Chuck told us she is but...no. We can't go down that road again. It's a bad idea."
"Please!" He begged between coughs. "Please."
"I doubt he'll be willing to hear it." Crowley pushed back. "He certainly won't want to hear that dog comment. He said that he was done being your pet. I don't suppose that analogy would go over too well."
“Seriously?”
"I do." Jack sighed. " I trust you Castiel. It's them I don't trust. Every demon I've ever met..."
"Any time you need us, of course." Cas interrupted, wiping his hand on his borrowed pants after Dean licked it." You're disgusting!"
“Cas?” Sam said from behind him in a placating tone.
"It does when I say it does." Chuck snarled, raising his fingers to snap
“Aziraphale...”
'You draped yourself in the flag of heaven, but ultimately, it was all about saving one human, right?'
"Crowley!" Aziraphale admonished as he led them into the room, shutting the door behind them.
"Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It does not dishonor others, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. " Cas quoted with his eyebrow quirked. "I will not forget the things you have done, Dean. Not the good, and certainly not the bad. I will never forget the pain you have put me through, but if you think, for one second, that I can't forgive, then that just proves you haven't been paying attention. If being by your side these past eleven years has taught me anything, it is forgiveness. That is the most important thing I have learned from loving you. I will forgive you for almost anything, because that is what love is. If that is what you desire, then that is what I will do."
“It's perfect, Samuel.” Rowena said, almost apologetically. “And while that settles one problem,” she perked up setting the knife off to the side, “there was another issue we have to address.”
“It seems as though you didn't even have to try.” Aziraphale said. “You see, Adam, when you were looking at Dean's mind, a portal started to open on its own. You must've tapped into something from Dean's world without even realizing it.”
"What's that supposed to mean?" Dean demanded.
"We heard the yelling." Aziraphale explained, as Dean kept his eyes fixed forward.
"Ideally?" Gabe said. " No one. These people have fought for free will their whole lives and I'm pretty sure they earned it. But....since we don't really want a Lord of the Flies situation going on, and since I'm the last rightful heir to the throne, so to speak, I guess that burden falls on me."
"I don't know which was worse." Sam groaned, flipping his laptop back to resume searching. "They fought for fucking ever, the angrier one of them got the louder the other got. They were just escalating they situation with each breath. Each blow was equally matched. I thought they'd never stop. Then…when they did…" Sam narrowed his eyes in anger and disgust as the two parties in question entered the kitchen.
"Thanks," Sam said shaking his head, "but it'd be a little rude to show up to some stranger's big night, ya know...."
Aziraphale reached out and patted Dean's hand, an empathetic smile on his face, causing Dean to look up.” It's late. You must be exhausted.” He said. “ I think, perhaps, you would benefit from a good night's rest. We can discuss this matter more easily in the morning, once you've had some sleep.”
He turned to see Bobby sitting next to him in a chair, outside the Roadhouse. "What memory is this? He asked, knowing it was pointless, but for the life of him he couldn't remember.
Meg bit her lip as the angels approached her, screwing her face up in concentration. "Hmmm...nah." She smiled, and then they were gone.
Aziraphale pursed his lips and took a few steps closer to the demon. "Forgive me, my dear, but I was quite certain that you actually live on his bad side." He grabbed Crowley's hand and brought it up high before weaving his fingers through the demon's. "He never seemed to be fond of you in the first place."
Crowley let out a deep sigh and bowed his head. " I suppose I better go explain myself before he has a hissy fit."
“And who's fault is that?” Cas teased.
"How's it taste?" Dean asked.
Because Cas was man-shaped, wasn't the problem, at all. It's because he was Cas. It wasn't the angel thing either. He had no qualms about hooking up with Anna when he had the chance. But Cas...Cas was his best friend. His super powerful, super intimidating, super scary, best friend. His first, very real, best friend. He had friends in the hunter community of course. You don't do what they do without feeling a sense of comradery with others in the same field. He had met father figures galore in his years on the road, with and without John. Bobby, of course, being the most important, but that was a role that always needed filling. It wasn't until Cas came around, until they lost him the first time, that he even realized how desperately he needed an honest-to-goodness, actual friend. He was sure that Sammy was enough to fill that role for him. He always had been before. Then, Cas appeared, and Wham-O! He suddenly had someone who didn't expect him to take care of his little brother, and only his little brother. He actually had someone who expected him to take care of himself too. Someone he could talk to about his issues with his family without telling him to suck it up and do his job. Someone who actually cared for HIS well-being, too. Sure, at first Cas was just doing what he was told, being a good little soldier, just like Dean had always been, but he stopped. He rebelled, because Dean asked him to. For the first time in his life, he had someone, other than family (and even then, it was only ever Bobby and Sammy) who actually believed in him. Dean had no idea what that was like, until he didn't have it anymore. Then Cas came back. Over, and over again, Cas always came back to Dean when he needed him the most.
Dean waited until she was out of sight, her voice a quiet hum in the distance before addressing the other two. “She’s hiding something.” He said bluntly.
'Live in the moment.' As moments went, this one in particular was rather unpleasant. He was fairly certain that this would be the moment he died. How could he possibly live and die at the same time?
"You're worried we don't stand a chance at winning this."
if you have never listened to Death on Two Legs by Queen, I highly suggest that you do. It's amazing.
Adam nodded and reached across the table, grabbing an apple and taking a bite. “Don chuu geff ronly?”
Cas paused, his jaw clenched slightly, before moving onto Sam's torso, not so gently putting a couple broken ribs back in place. "I began searching for you immediately after the dust had settled. The others believed it to be a waste of time, but I had to know if ...I couldn't fly so it took longer to find you on foot which was... frustrating. The others were unwilling to help me, and then I..." He took another steadying breath, and continued with his work, obviously trying to keep it together. " It wasn't until I found Dean that they were willing to accept that you must be out here too. Billie and Aziraphale have been helping me search for you for several hours while the others....they took Dean inside to see what they can....but you're here and alive so it worked out."
" I said," Same answered, annoyed at his brother's lack of attention "We should all get to bed so we can get up early and do something fun tomorrow. Mom's going back to the cabin the next day and we haven't really left the bunker all week. With all the other's taking over most of the hunts, it's kinda the perfect time to get some fun in."
And Aziraphale stopped too, a few places behind him. "No." he admitted, still confused on the subject change, but wanting to answer honestly. "Not at all. Not one bit." He was a shell of a man. The fight and fire he had when he landed in Aziraphale’s shop seemed nothing more than a distant memory. He was lifeless, going through the motions without any true motivation. It was jarring, to say the least. Seeing a man, who was once filled with seemingly impossible hope, a beacon of light in the shadowy darkness of certain death, now so utterly.... broken.
“It won't work.” Cas said simply.
"That wasn't the point of tonight, Sam." Cas said, reaching over to take one of the shots sitting, untouched, infront of Sam. He slammed it back and let out a sigh, clearly starting  to relax a bit. "We're  here to get our minds off the things weighing on us, correct?" He took another of Sam's  shots before continuing. " If Dean feels 'losing m virginity' is the way to accomplish that goal, I'd hate to dissapoint him." A hint of sass bubbled up under his tone.
"So I heard." Aziraphale nodded, keeping his tone even. "Quite loudly, actually. That Claire has quite the mouth on her."
'Cause love's such an old fashioned word
Even if they weren't really secrets to begin with.
“Crowley, it's fine.” The angel insisted.
'And if that means Dean dies too?'
Kaia whipped around to face the angel, a look of determination on her face. “ You were there too!” She snapped. “You promised that the special boy would send me back to my people! Bring him here and send me home!”
What the actual fuck?! Dean's eyes shot open and he barely had a second to register what Cas has said before a pair of plush, cracked lips were crashing into his.
"Does it matter?" Cas mumbled back without breaking stride.
Dean nodded his approval. "Probably for the best. No one wants to see you getting all teary eyed, anyway."
It was Crowley's turn to laugh now almost falling backwards out of his chair. “What’s so funny?” Dean snapped at the cackling demon.
The angel shook his head "I...I don't..."
"No." Jack argued. "That's not possible. You had a deal, Cas!"
"The king of..." Cas trailed off looking between Dean and Crowley, noting they were both nervous and looked slightly ashamed. "Oh."
"Dean, calm down!" Rowena said, placing a hand on his arm the steady. "What happened, dear? What's wrong?"
"Son of a bitch." Dean decided it was best to stay silent for the rest of the way, after that.
"What?" Sam shook his head "No, my shoulder's fine. Cas healed that for me when we got back. But Dean..."
"Seriously?!" Dean chuckled through a sigh of relief. "That's what you're arguing about?"
As soon as he allows himself to be happy, Cas is gonna be gone. For good.
*******
Bound to a chair, Dean learns the identity of his kidnapper(s).
But it didn't matter now. Dean was gone.
Next up: Dean uses actual words 😱
A wicked smile crept up Crowley's face as he leaned over and popped open the glove box, revealing a couple of extra CD'S. “By all means.”
"You know what? It really was." Sam agreed
Cas shook his head and moved Dean towards the door. “You need rest. I promise you, if I accompany you, that will not be the case.” He pulled the hunter in for one last kiss before opening the door. “Goodnight, Dean.”
I just want to take a moment and tell y'all how grateful I am to those of you have followed me this far. I really can't thank you enough. Also sorry about the inconsistent posting. Adulting is hard man, but I'm doing my best.
“Yeah.” Dean says. “How’s about you tell us what you're hiding.”
Cas turned to face his friend, tears pooling at the corners of his eyes. “I didn't mean to do it, Sam. I didn't mean to...” Cas swallowed passed the lump in his throat and stared back at the empty space that was once his best friend. While it was true, he didn't mean to toss Dean into the rift, he did fully intend to push him away. Not just physically either. Things between them had been getting worse lately. Even before his father decided to prove he was the cruel, capricious God he claimed himself to be when they first met him, all those years ago.
Next Up: what the fuck happened?!
“I'm terribly sorry,” they heard Aziraphale say from the back room, “but we are closed for the day.”
"Are you seriously questioning a demand from your king?!" Crowley hissed in the demon’s face.
“What?” Sam scoffed.
"Oh, honestly Crowley!"
"No, Cas." Dean said weakly. "I can't do this. I'm not putting you through that again. I'm not..."
"You know the deal, Sam." The angel said gravely.
Sam nodded his thanks and made his way down the hall in in the direction he heard the scream come from. He wasn't worried about them killing each other, he was just hoping to avoid another meltdown. His hopes for that were dashed as soon as he heard Dean screaming the angel's name. It wasn't until his own name was thrown in, that he realized something might actually be wrong.
The girls left to go check on everything, leaving the men in the hallway, waiting for the first guests to arrive.
Turned away from it all like a blind man
The room exploded into a state of chaos. While some hunters were in panic, others were confused, angry, or annoyed. Everyone was talking at once, trying to figure out what was what. Sam could barely hear himself think over the mayhem. It was expected. It wasn't until he heard someone call out "leave it to the fucking Winchester's" that he managed to pull his thoughts together. He stared out over the crowd to see Aziraphale slap in the middle, keeping his eyes on Sam with a calm expression on his face. He gave the hunter a reassuring nod and Sam steeled himself for what he had to say." Hey! HEY! Enough!" He screamed over the crowd. " I get it, okay!? We've screwed up a lot! I'm not gonna sit here and pretend that what has been going on the past few years has nothing to do with my brother and I, but we're victims here too! God's declared war on all of us. If you believe that he'll be satisfied once we're gone and everything will go back to normal, fine! There's the door! Good luck out there on your own because we aren't coming to save you! This isn't just us this time. This isn't some monster we released or some crazy angels out for blood. This is fucking GOD! If you think you can take his wrath on your own shoulders then so be it!"
Dean quirked an eyebrow at Cas His eyes were completely blown wide with lust. " You like that, huh.?" He said as he teased his nails back over Cas's shoulders. The angel's slack jaw and glowing blue eyes were all Dean needed for answer. Cas moved like lightening as flipped Dean onto his back and sent surge of grace through his spine before pounding into him so fast Dean didn't even have time to think about how bad it should hurt. The hunter went into sensory overload. Cas had one hand over Dean's mouth, his other moving on Dean's cock in rhythm with his hips as he rolled against Dean's prostate with every brutal thrust. His teeth were grinding against the hunter's throat, trying how best to muffle the growls that escaped him. Just as Dean heard the light bulbs shatter the world went white.
“I know what they've been doing, what we've been doing seems cruel, but Dean....you really scared us. Sam and Castiel are doing everything that they can to keep you...to keep you YOU.” Mary gave him a sad smile. “ If that means pissing you off or making you uncomfortable, then so be it. They love you, we all do. You have done so much to save all of us. It's time you let us do the same, even if you don't like it.”
"Yeah." Sam chuckled softly, patting the angel on his back. "Yeah I'm good Cas. I'm here." His brain finally caught up to the 'both' part of the statement and immediately went into panic mode, but before he could ask Cas had let go and was speaking to Aziraphale.
"What is it?" She called back; her mouth full of tooth paste.
Dean just shrugged and followed them out to the car, getting in behind Aziraphale. There was no point in offending the dude who was trying to get him home. They sped down the road and found themselves in front of some swanky building just as Dean had managed to finally get his seat belt on after struggling to get a grip on it with Crowley's reckless driving. Aziraphale turned in his seat and gave him a nervous smile. “You have to be quick on the draw when it comes to Crowley. He hardly has enough patience to wait for his next breath.”
Second, how all my SPN peeps feeling about the new season so far? Personally i love Belphegor. he is my new baby and i hope he stays a bit! *Edit* wellnotanyfuckingmorejesusfuckingchrist!
Dean was laughing. Dean was laughing at him. God, how did he ever get so pathetic? Dean didn't care. He never did. Castiel was never more than a tool to him. How could he ever...
If Billie's voice was enough to frighten him, the one that answered was enough to kill him....again. He whipped around again eyes wide as he took in the shape of the man before him. His silver, thinning hair, slicks back over his narrow head, the sharp angles of his face stretched on a wicked smile, boney hands gripping tightly on the cane he held in front of him. "Death." Cas breathed out, confused beyond all reason.
"There's a…" well now, there was a problem. How would he even begin to describe it? He could call it a light, but she probably wouldn't understand. If anything, she would laugh at him for stating something so obvious. Of course, they had
"No one was talking to you, Elvira." Crowley sneered.
Sam grimaced at the next thing that floated through his head. He didn't even want to bring it up, but they were all out of options. "There's Amara. She tried to kill him once, almost did. I think, besides that gun, which he probably has, she's the only thing powerful enough to even hurt him."
"Castiel."
The glass shattered underneath her hand as she turned a cool, vicious gaze towards the hunter. "Neither did I." She said, before rising back to her feet. "I didn't want to be locked away for eons in a tiny cage with no escape. I didn't ask to be preyed upon by Heaven and Hell alike once you set me free." She was storming across the room as she spoke, power surging around her, causing Dean to fall back. Logically he knew that she would never hurt him, but fear knew nothing of logic. " I didn't want to be put against my own brother, to fight for my right to be alive. I didn't want to be put in the situation where I had to kill or be killed." She had him pressed against the wall, her face inches from his. "All I wanted, all I ever wanted, was to spend eternity, the way it was meant to be, my brother and I, alone." She backed off, turning back to the bar and started walking away. " Why should I interfere when he is finally wising up and realizing that this is how it should be?" She paused next to where Cas was laying and flung her arm out once more, sending him crashing down next to Dean. "Take your angel and leave Dean."
"You don't actually think that it's possible." Aziraphale said.
*****
Okay so this one is long. Long and angsty. To be fair, it was originally planned as two separate chapters, but the second part was lacking in original content and it almost felt wrong to post it alone. I'm sorry for this.
"What's gotten into you Crowley?" Aziraphale asked. "You've spent your entire existence doing the bare minimum to follow. Now you want to rule Hell?"
"Sounded a whole lot better than 'angelic hissy fit'." Sam shrugged.
"That won't happen!" Crowley scoffed.
“Yeah, they're actually using words this time.” Sam answered.
"Yeah, Sam." Dean said. " I know things have been kinda chaotic lately and we haven't had a lot of time to hash things out. I know we're way over due for a heart to heart about everything that's going on and everything that's happened since...since Mom, but I can't right now, okay? I've had a crazy ass couple of days and I just need some sleep."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Crowley saw you." Dean argued. "And that's because he was looking for you. These guys. They're just a bunch of run-of-the-mill demons. If they ain't lookin, you should be good."
"Oh, that's right!" Crowley smiled. "I forgot you said you spent time as a demon. That would have been fun to see." He winked.
Dean hung his head and sighed. " Kinda, yeah."
"I've been praying for hours and not a damn one of those assholes has responded, if there are even any of them left." Sam huffed angrily.
Sam let out a gentle laugh and shook his head. "Believe it or not it was actually a total coincidence. we had just finished up a job a few towns over when we stopped for lunch and ran into Marie."
"Yeah, I really do." Dean snapped.
Aziraphale set the blade down. “Castiel?” He said, losing the battle against his laughter. “I’m sorry Dean but that's just impossible. That sad sack? Always moping about, all alone, watching Kings die and mourning everything! There's no way that is the angel you have described to us.'
"Take your time." He called back taking another sip of coffee. He supposed he could wait a few more moments. It wasn't like he could properly describe what he was seeing and it's not like he felt they were in danger or anything. He spent another minute or two wondering if maybe his eyes really were playing tricks on him, until something appeared out of the light. "Ana?!" He called again, a little more alarmed than before.
He had worked so hard. He had suffered for so long. He had done everything that was asked of him for most of his life, only disobeying when his orders seemed unjust. He was faithful, he did what needed to be done. He had fought through hell for forty years to rescue the righteous man, to rescue the world from destruction. He fought against Heaven and Hell to keep humanity safe. He did what was right. He did what was good. He fought for choice. He fought for love.
"I didn't interrupt anything did I?" Dean asked looking between her and Sam with concern written all over his face. "You guys look a little spooked."
"Screw that, Cas!" Dean snapped back. "You're just as much a part of this as we are.
"Actually, no." Cas snarled, tilting his head in a dangerous way. "I wasn't going to. But, because your impatient ass just has to know, now I am! You are my problem! You are always my problem! You think you were trying to save me?! You almost got everyone killed! You almost ruined everything because you couldn't trust my judgement for one minute and stay put! I got you out of here to keep you safe and you, and your damn hero complex, just couldn't handle that someone else had everything under control! I almost screwed everything up, because I was so concerned about saving you! AGAIN!"
“I... I don't really have...” Dean started to say before Aziraphale interrupted.
"Relax, sweetie." Mary said. " It's not a big deal. Besides it's not like I'll be getting any actual grandkids from you. Jack is the perfect replacement."
"Well…" Bobby said, a little teasing in his voice, pulling Dean's attention back. "Cas, helped." The older man smiled with a eyebrow wiggle as he took a sip from his beer.
Vacation is over😟but that means I have more time to write again so yay!
"Please leave." He said weakly, his eyes falling shut once more.
"Dad," Dean said "You made me the man I am today. It may not have been all good, and yeah, I'm not gonna lie, i was kinda messed up about some stuff, but I would've never gotten this far if it weren't for you."
*****
“Perhaps Dean would like to take in a few sights, or something.” Aziraphale explained. ”He is American after all. A museum or something.”
" That is so NOT the point!" Dean screamed.
That your body couldn't keep
"Dean..."
"Bitch.”  Dean laughed.
"What the hell are you thinking, man?! You don't even know the guy that well." Sam argued.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Hey." Sam said softly, before Dean pulled him into a hug.
"Shh, just...just let me get this out, okay?" Dean interrupted. "Truth is I am getting too old for this. Not hunting or anything like that, but I'm getting too old to be messing around. God, I've let so many people walk out of my life because I've been too afraid to tell them what I really needed. I've spent so long being afraid of letting anybody get close because I didn't want to let them into my life only to lose them. Watch them run away in fear when they learn the truth about me. I didn't want my lifestyle to catch up with me and have them get caught in the cross-fire. But I don't have to do that with you. Dammit Cas, you said it yourself, you know me inside and out.  You know all my baggage, you've seen my dirty laundry, you know every mistake I have made and you stay. No matter what I do, no matter who I hurt...you stay.Right here. Right by my side. And that's where I want you. I don't even care who knows it anymore."
"Then have Alex do it!" She screamed.
Cas was losing his frickin mind next to him. "He's right, Dean." The angel gasped out between laughs. "Another nephilim would be most dangerous. Though, I suppose it wouldn't be a problem considering neither of us has a womb." He was doubled over at this point. "Unless there's something you aren't telling me!"
Sam laughed and shook his head. "It's your pie, dude. And it's called a candle."
" I'm well aware of that." Came the reply in an exasperated, yet, vaguely fond tone.
"Hey," Dean said in a comforting voice. "I mean we may be ..lovers...or whatever... but that doesn't mean we don't care about each other." Dean placed his hand on Cas's shoulder as he spoke. "Cas here is my best friend. I'd do anything for the guy. I'd kill for him. I'd die for him. Hell, I've done both. I couldn't imagine a world without him in it." He smiled down at his friend and was met with a soft smile and return. "And I know he feels the same way. I don't know a whole lot about relationships, but I'm pretty sure you guys feel some of those same things about each other. And then some. So, see? It's really not too much different. just without all the mushy love bullshit on our end."
" I'm not gonna hide it anymore, man." Dean held him out at arm's length so Cas could read his face. "Don't expect me to be screaming it out on the roof tops or calling everyone I know or anything like that. But I don't...I am so sick of hiding. I've been doing it my whole life. I've had to pretend to be so many different people sometimes I forget who I really am. I've been hiding my feelings, and my thoughts and whatever is going on in my head since I was four yours old. I don't wanna hide you too. Get it? Just... I promise I'm not gonna brush it off anymore. Whatever happens happens, ya know? Frankly I couldn't give a flying fuck what anyone has to say. I have so few good things actually happen to me. I'm not gonna waste this one because of some stupid hang ups."
“You guys are lucky, ya know.” Dean said, trying to throw the attention off him. “You have each other, and that's awesome. I don't know you guys all that well, but you seem like a good fit.”
“Stop!” Sam screamed as he lurched forward. Rowena pulled him back and shook her head, warning him not to interfere. The twin screams rang out again. “Stop! Cas, please you're gonna kill her!” He pulled forward again.
"I'm not sure really. I just feel so connected to both places. More at home than I ever was in Heaven, of course here, but now there as well. I don't know. I think I'm already beginning to miss them."
"Someone's gotta teach the guy about good music, alright?!" Dean said as he snatched the case and pulled the tape out one handed. "Everyone should know Zeppelin." He grumbled, popping the tape into the player.
🎶...try to love you baby, but you push me away
The room went quiet, Crowley and Aziraphale stopped their bickering and Anathema pausing mid bite. She said that the kid pretended like his powers didn't exist. It was probably the first time he had brought them up since the apocalypse. Dean had unintentionally stumbled upon what could be a breakthrough. He did his best to keep his face from showing his excitement, opting to shake his head and cross his arms too. “I don't know, Cas's powers are pretty cool.”
Crowley knocked on the door and waited patiently for someone to answer. "I already told you to fuck off...." Said the demon on the other side of the peephole, pausing when she saw Crowley.
“Can you?”
So time is kinda wishy washy in SPN. The months and the years and the weird unexplained time gaps....its a lot. For the purpose of this fic, it's mid August, to mid September right now...for reasons....i needed fluff...so yeah...enjoy....
It was the reason now, that he couldn't bring himself to open his eyes.
Both her and Claire bowed their heads trying their best to hide their smirks. "Trust me Deano," Claire chuckled "I don't think you want her telling everyone what's going on in that pretty boy noggin of yours."
punching bag."
******
"And?"
"I know." Sam said. "But he had a reason. He thought he was...."
"Can you imagine?" Crowley scoffed. "Being utterly devoted to someone for so long, and having them think it was for nothing? Going so many years being absolutely oblivious to that kind of love?"
Dean dropped the Cas's arm in panic and took a quick glance at the confused faces around the room. Thinking quickly, he pushed the angel aside and began 'searching' through the cushions. "I think you were sitting on my phone. Couldn't find the damn thing through the whole movie."
"I know it isn't." Dean whispered as he paused.
The fact that it had been Dean that gave it to him probably attributed to his heavy analysis of the music. He wanted to learn everything about the band that the hunter loved so much. They were important to Dean, and Dean was important to Cas. Admittedly he had probably read into the whole thing too much. Dean probably just wanted something to listen to if he ever had to ride with Cas again. It was probably nothing more than an act of convenience for him, rather than an act of friendship towards Cas, but that didn't make it any less meaningful to the angel. He cherished the tape with everything he had, going so far as to carry it with him where ever he went, if for nothing else but to serve as a reminder of a time when Dean seemed to care.
“Well, the good news is, I'm sure about how I got here now.” Dean said.
"Well I mean, they're friends, I guess... I don't know..." Sam sighed. "He just came back with those two in tow, claiming that they were here to help us and..."
"Shut up! I'm just thinking logically here. No one's going to be able to see the TV from the couch and Chuck knows you need an entire island to yourself sasquatch. Ain't no way in hell the two of you are fittin' on a queen." Dean shoved past them to the table and grabbed a beer and a bag of jerky, snagging the DVD from the discarded jacket before heading to the TV.  "Though, if you guys feel like cuddling up nice and tight while we relive our trauma, far be it from me to stop you." He put the DVD in it's slot, grabbed the remote, plopped down on the far side of the bed, opened his beer and took a sip. "I'm just trying to make sure everyone is comfy, during this torture." He used his teeth to tear open the jerk and victoriously popped a smaller piece  into his mouth, satisfied with his explanation.
Dean huffed a small laugh and shook his head. "Yeah, Cas has a tendency to blame things like that on me." He smiled as he continued to watch.
This chapter got away from me me and I apologise.
“Handsome devil?” Sam repeated.
"Jack..." Sam choked out.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Thank you." Crowley said breathlessly. "You saved my life. I owe you Castiel. Truly...thank you."
"Oh, fuck yeah baby! I love it rough!" Dean groaned against her thigh, making Sam want to throw up. "Make it hurt!" He demanded before he dove back in, the slurping sounds coming from her crotch making Sam feel faint. He was vaguely aware of another sound coming from even lower that he had heard in the middle of the night for several years, only now registering what that sound must be. He wanted to run. To scream. To gouge out his eyes and scrub his brain with bleach but he just couldn't fucking move.
Chipping around, kick my brains around the floor
Adam swallowed and nodded his head, grabbing Dean by the wrist instead. He closed his eyes again, Dean doing the same, and concentrated. “There's a tall fellow now, with long hair like a girl.”
“Right.” Aziraphale smiled at him sadly. It was a look Dean was used to, when someone was to tired to argue with his stubbornness. A look of someone who had very little hope. “Let's be off then.”
"Am I?" Crowley smirked again before sliding his gaze to the disgruntled looking Castiel. "I wouldn't be so sure. I guess the best celestial being won the battle after all." He held out his hand for Castiel to shake. "Such a shame."
"To be honest?" Cas scoffed, suddenly not caring that he was opening up to a demon. "I don't know anymore. I used to believe that Heaven was righteous. That God was good, and angels were created to carry out his word and protect his creations. That's what angels are supposed to do but....over the past several years I've come to find comfort in humanity instead."
Sam took a deep breath to keep calm. “Kaia, look...”
"Hey, I'm not judging." Dean shrugged. "It's not like I was on my deathbed or anything after trying to save your dumb ass…"
"Amara..."
When Dean came to, he found Cas standing by his desk, fully clothed replacing the light bulb in his desk lamp. "No, fair." He mumbled in his haze. "Why you dressed?"
"You're not?" Mary asked, obviously confused.
"What?" Sam breathed out in disbelief.
"She weakened herself to help us stop you!" Sam said.
Dean finished his burger and made his rounds, taking his time reminiscing with each of them. There was no rush, time didn't matter anymore. It could have been hours, or it could have been days, by the time he made it back to his seat next to Castiel, where a fresh glass of whiskey awaited him. He sat down and took a sip, smiling over at the Angel as he did. Yeah, everything was just about perfect. So, the quick look of distress and Cas's face was a little more jarring than it should have been.
"What?!" Dean half shouted, causing Cas to pause. "No, dude! No. You are way off base!" Dean was waving his hand in front of him, shaking his head, and he took a step back from the cackling demon.
He knew Jack was just trying to fit in with the others, but he'd be lying to himself if he said hearing Jack call him 'dad' didn't make his damn heart grow three fucking sizes. Still, to keep up appearances, Dean whipped around and pointed a finger. "Now see what you've done! You've corropted the fucking kid!C'mon Jack! Let's get you out of here before these asshats can screw you up any further!" With one  final glare at the angel, he turned and lead his son....their son...into the kitchen.
Just like he played off getting Cas something like it was nothing, like he was just trying to keep him from dragging every one else down. Treating him and his feelings like a burden. Again.
"You could..." Cas tried before Gabriel cut him off, shaking his head.
"Whoa, slow down there cowboy." Meg balked. "Your putting me in charge of angels?"
"I'm sorry Charlie, I still don't understand what you're getting at here."
Crowley bobbed his head side to side, a cocky grin plastered across his face. "As well you should, Angel." He laughed. Aziraphale scowled and dropped his hands, marching away in a huff. "Oh, come on! How couldn't you. I mean I think I'm rather charming, myself." He teased running after him. Aziraphale let out another huff and picked up his pace. "Angel! C'mon!"
Cas responded with an annoyed huff and rolled his eyes back towards the window. Dean would be lying if he said he didn't love how easy it was to ruffle the guy's feathers lately. It wasn't so much that he enjoyed annoying Castiel. It was just that Dean knew that he only got annoyed because he cared.  It was nice to have him care so much. It was one of the only things that kept him going lately.
“Fine.” She said looking up again, then leaned slightly to look beyond him. “Who's that?” She gestured behind him with her chin.
When Dean got back to the room after scarfing down a bag of chips and chugging a cup of coffee, he found Sam and Cas huddled over Sam's laptop at the table, snickering to each other. "What's so funny?" He asked trying to peer over the top of the screen.
"C'mon Clarence, this is pointless." Meg said, trying to pull Castiel away.
"How about a musical?" Cas suggested smugly
" Maybe " Cas said as he rolled them over to their sides. They both began laughing.
I forgot to add:
"Please!" Sam begged. "He's our kid."
Cas turned and smiled. "I already told you, Dean. I don't plan on going anywhere soon...."
"It's kind of what I do." Chuck shrugged. " You should know that better than anyone here." He smirked.
“No.” Cas said. “No, Sam, you can't just...”
I wanted to give it a try (cue long speech about "expanding my horizons, testing out new form, giving myself a challenge" bla bla bla) but honestly I had no idea where to start. Which brought me here.
"Um, no?" Sam said, skeptically.
The rest of the apartment was just as massive and extravagant as the front room and kitchen. It looked like one of those model apartments they used for showing, that nobody really lived in, which, now that he thought about it....he went to the guest room first and searched the elegant dresser, finding a ridiculous pair of red silk pajamas, before making his way to the bathroom. Inside the bathroom was a large, white, claw foot bathtub off to one side, with two doors on opposite sides behind it, a massive walk in, stone walled shower with a huge vanity with “his and her” sinks (that he tried not to think too much about) under a giant framed mirror in the center. He found the toilet behind one of the doors, tucked away in its own little cubby, and the linen closet in the other. He grabbed a towel and walked over to the sinks, placing it and the pajamas between them. He started the shower and undressed, testing the water before stepping inside. As he let the hot water flow over his body, his mind began to wander back home. He wondered how Sam was reacting to his disappearance. If Rowena was trying anything to get him home. If Aziraphale could help him get back. How the rest of the world was fairing against all the evil Chuck had unleashed upon the world. If Cas even cared that he was gone...
"You were a literary tool." Chuck said coldly. "That's it. That's all you are. That's all you'll ever be. You were interesting and dynamic. An angel, fallen from grace to carry out 'God's true intentions'. The angel who took humanity's side over Heaven. You were a trope. That's it." His voice remained icy, his glare burning hot. "I rebuilt you to add dynamic to an already epic story. But you just...you kept screwing up. Then these guys?" He shot a hand out towards Dean and Sam before letting his arm drop. "They just kept taking you back. It was astounding. It took me an embarrassing amount of time to figure out why but when I did...oh...it was perfect." He let out a mirthless laugh and shook his head. "It gave me an edge, a twist so great it would rival any story ever written. I would use you to finally break Dean Winchester." He turned his gaze on Dean. "See, everyone expects the hero to pull through and win in the end. But I didn't want that. No, I believe the greatest stories are tragedies, so I needed a twist. A pivotal moment where everything would go downhill," he smiled and turned back to Cas, "and the Winchesters' devotion to you handed me that on a silver platter. I would wait until they were on top of the world, and then pull the rug out from under them, by taking away everything they love."
Maybe it was the fact that he had chickened out of it. Just played it off like it was nothing.
"Oh, but it's not strangers!" Marie smiled "It's Siobhan and Kristen! They would love to see you again! I bet it would make their night even better, considering you guys are a big reason they got together in the first place."
"What is it that you're trying to accomplish here, then?" Crowley asked, gesturing to the pile of stereo parts scattered over the desk.
"Uh, no." Sam shook his head. "Actually, I have Charlie and Bobby on that stuff. She does well with weird and Bobby's got her back. They should be enough to weed that kind of stuff out."
"Take me back to Cas, NOW!"
“Oh, honestly Aziraphale!” sunglasses groaned tossing his head back. He pushed himself off of the table and sauntered over next to his accomplice. “It's not like he's an old friend who popped over for a spot of tea and slipped and fell. This man broke into your shop, intending to do, Satan knows what! There's no need to be so....polite!” He spit out the last word and closed the distance between them and Dean, getting right up into his face. “And believe me, boy, it's better for you that I keep these sunglasses on. Wouldn't want you to pass out again, from fear, before you got the chance to tell us how the hell you managed to break into my friend’s shop!”
“As a matter of fact, there is.” Dean answered.
"It's not even that late!" Dean defended. "It's not even nine yet!" Sam responded with, yet, another bitch face from his repitior. " I was busy, alright."  Dean grumbled.
"Don't be strangers okay." Dean said, pulling Aziraphale into one final hug.
This is our last dance
“I’m fairly certain we're all aware of our impending doom, Samuel. I may not be willing to accept it, but I am still aware of the probability of any of us making it out of it alive.” She replied casually. “That’s not what I am referring at all.” Sam just shrugged his shoulders. “It appears to me, that in these situations perilous time a head of us, all we really have is each other for company and comfort. It might not be wise to upset one of your, very few, allies at this point. Perhaps you should avoid bringing up your brother's indiscretions if you want to keep Castiel from losing it completely.”
Chuck looked down and his feet, his lips stretched into a lopsided frown. " Maybe your right." He sighed, before he shifted his gaze back to his sister, looking almost apologetic. "But I'm not gonna let you stop me from trying." He raised his hand to strike a final blow, and that’s when everyone moved into action.
She wondered if he even knew his voice didn't match the tone of the one coming from the box. She observed the man in silence for a while, as he screeched along to the music, laying in the bed with his eyes closed, twirling a clear plastic box in his hands over his torso.
"He is right." She smiled, shaking her head. "You are arrogant." She chuckled again at his indignant huff, striding over to the desk to slide on top of it, crossing her legs and leaning her on her hands behind her.
"What’d she have to say?" Dean asked, meeting his brother's eyes. They had sat down and had a good, long talk about what happened, about how Dean didn't blame him for any of it, but Sam was still weary, for some reason, anytime they were alone.
"There he is." Rowena said warmly. "I told you he was alright, didn't I?"
"Cas. Please." Dean begged clinging desperately to the angel. "You feel so good. I...I want..." to be honest, he wasn't sure what he wanted. All he knew was that he wanted it with Cas. Cas chuckled and gripped him by the throat, only intesefying Dean's ever growing need. It wasn't until he felt the pulse of grace flow through him that he realized Cas's only intention of doing so was to rid the him of the evidence of their make-out session.
"If you would like to see it that way then, yes." Aziraphale smiled. "Basically, it was a soul melding of sorts. Recycled power surging through the both of you until you both were too exhausted to continue. While it most certainly saved your life, considering you were almost completely dead when he found you, it greatly weakened Castiel. Without his grace at full power, and so much of your own soul mixed with it, he had become nearly human. After he found Sam here, he was ordered to rest by Gabriel, who, amongst others, fed him a little of their own grace to help him recuperate quicker. While the borrowed Grace definitely helped, we hadn't realized the extent of the connection until the first time you regained consciousness."
Cas picked up the tape, twirling it in his hands as he read the words scribbled across the top. ' Dean's top 13 zep traxx'. “Dean?” He asked turning to face the hunter.
Jack's face fell, causing Dean's heart to twinge with guilt. "Look, kid, it's not that we don't love ya or whatever, but I'm pretty sure if we have to sit through another zombie flick, we might just gouge our own brains out."
*******
Dean took a deep breath and placed his head on his knees. "Actually it is.
“I can't make him do it man.” Dean shook his head. “We’ll find some other way.”
"Sam, go get Alex!" Dean choked out, ignoring Sam's question. "She got Cas. He needs help!"
"Claire..." Cas was so choked up, he could barely manage to get out the word.
"Dean…"
They both paused a moment, looking at each other before breaking into a round of laughter.
"Well, I certainly hope you're proud of yourself! " Aziraphale chided and he pulled Crowley from Amara's returning strike. "Just look what you've started!"
Sam choked down the rest of his drink and shook his head. "Dean, I get that you wanna keep going on hunts now that we don't have anything else going on, but I think maybe you should take a few days to heal up before we get back out there. You're not exactly young anymore and…"
"Forget it, Dean." She snarled. "Like I'd ever tell you." She turned on her heel and began stomping away.
“Really?” Dean asked again, feeling the blush heat his face at his mother's description of him and Cas.
********
“Look, Rowena,” Sam sighed. “I get that Cas is upset, okay. I am too. Dean is gone, we don't know if we can ever get him back. It's upsetting. But he's being completely unreasonable. Not to mention the guy lied to us. Again! I mean c'mon l, I know things have been shaky for a while but....and what he wants to bring Dean back into this just so he can up and die again? You didn't see Dean the last time Cas was gone. It wasn't pretty. He was a wreck. I've never seen him so willing to give up, and now, with all this... I'm sorry I'm not willing to put my brother through that again. He's better off, wherever the hell he is.”
WHAT?
Sam shook his head and laughed. "No, thanks I'll leave that to you."
It's time I was on my way
And there it was. That's what it always boiled down to. Dean's sense of superiority. Yeah, sure Sammy, you can do it, but I can do it better. No Sammy, you don't know what you're doing, let me show you. No Sammy, I'll take care of this, I don't want you to get hurt. He was thirty-six god damn years old and Dean was still treating him like a fucking child! "Oh, forgive me then, for not knowing how to yell at your boyfriend properly!" Sam snapped.
"Little busy here." Dan said, nodding over towards Baby. He knew this was coming. Despite the talk they had about what happened with Amara, Sam and Dean hadn't actually sat down and talked about anything
It was Cas's turn to sigh as he walked over and placed the clothes on a chair beside the door. " I'm not mad at you, Dean." He said, turning to face the hunter. "I'm just....I suppose I'm just not used to the realization that somethings mean more to me than they do to you."
Dean scrunched his face, considering his brother's proposal, before a proud smile brushed his lips. "I think you might be onto something there, kid. I ain't gonna lie, there's definitely a few kinks we're gonna have to iron out, and I certainly don't think it's gonna be easy, but you just might be onto something." Sam let out a sigh of relief and smiled back at his brother. Dean walked over and gave him a strong pat on the back before looking to the other two at the table. "Guess you guys don't have to worry about pulling out asses out of the fire again." He said, slight remorse showing in his voice.
As always thank you all so much for your kudos and comments. this story has given me so much to look forward to and has helped me improve on so many things and none of it would be possible with out all of you. <3 <3 <3
Sam narrowed his eyes and looked over at Baby, before turning that glare on Dean. "You've been out here more times this month than you have in the last year. There's only so many times you can give a car a tune up before people start to get suspicious."
"It's a miracle, Sammy boy." She giggled as the angels finished dropping off the rest of the bunker’s residents. "All will be revealed in time, I'm told, but for now we've got a deity to trap." She walked back towards the angels but Dean reached out and stopped her.
"I must say," Aziraphale swooped in, trying to cut through the tension, "you seem rather different from the Castiel from our universe. It makes me wonder if any of the angels are the same here.
“It won't be happening anytime soon.”  Cas answered.
Dean always forgot that Cas had understood all his references for the past few years. He checked that off as another reason to hate Metatron. It wasn't fun insulting the angel when he knew he was being insulted. Then it was just mean. "Where in the hell did you get that getup?" Dean asked, trying to keep his eyes on his friend's face. He needed to find some chick to bang,  and soon.
Shit.
"Good." Dean said, handing the bucket over to Jack. "See this row of cars right here? I've been meaning to give them a good shine but I've been a little distracted. Think you could take care of it for me?" Jack nodded eagerly in response. "Awesome! You're the best." Dean said, patting him on the shoulder. "And hey, if your dad come through here, maybe you can ask him to help you out or something, okay? Just uh, make sure he doesn't get in his truck or anything."
Mary shook her head. “Dean, we're hunters. We live in the disturbing. I have seen more of my fair share of things that will creep me out for the rest of my life. My son being hopelessly in love with someone who loves him back just as much, if not more, is not one of them.”
They sat in silence for a while, letting the weight of Dean's words settle around them. "What does this mean for us?" Sam asked finally.
"There's even a faction that believes Sam and I would make a good pair. " Cas added. " Though I find that utterly ridiculous. Sam and Gabriel however..."
That's is not what this story became.
"Dad, that's not…" Dean started, before being cut off.
Unlike the kisses before, that were desperate and angry, this one was soft and sweet. All the tension that Dean felt with his reluctance melted away as soon as Cas began to react. He let go of the trenchcoat  and slipped it down to the small of Cas's back to pull him in closer, letting his other hand fall to the other's neck. Dean tilted his head, deepening the kiss, letting it say everything he wanted to, everything he knew words would never explain.
“Alright.” Adam nodded. “Let me just go tell my mum I'm leaving, so she doesn't get worried.”
Dean squeezed his eyes shut and pinched the bridge of his nose. "You don't understand..."
"I... I don't know...I don't know." Dean choked out. He let his back slam against the wall behind him, and slid down to the floor, letting his head fall to his knees. "She just, she kept slamming him. She would let up. She was tossing him around like a god-damned rag doll, and there was nothing I could do but watch."
"You watch your damn mouth!" Dean gritted out, pushing them back further, still. "You don't get to talk about him that way. Cas may be a lot of things, but he sure as hell ain't  pathetic!"
"Awesome!" Dean said. " We'll swing up to the cabin and pick up the girls on the way back and escort them here. Kaia? You mind helping Sam set up a few of the rooms for every one?"
"Gee, thanks Cas." Dean snorted.
The fact that John had dragged them into the life for her sake, not to mention the way he treated them growing up, it wasn't sitting well with her at all. " I never wanted this for you boys." She said, wiping away tears. "It's all my fault. And your father....that is not the man I married. He was a good man. He loved you boys. I can't believe he would...."
“I think you and Jack should change your last names to Winchester.” He said as he ran his fingers through Cas's hair, trying his best to tame the unruly mop.
"Sam's your brother." she said.
did get the chance to sit down and write....basically i wrote erased and rewrote this chapter like four times. It still didn't turn out the way i wanted  it to but i'm kind of loosing my mind looking at the damn thing (which is why you will probably notice quite a few spelling and grammar errors. I will fix them soon, i promise, but i swear if i have to read this chapter one more time this week i might delete the whole thing!)
Dean used the confusion the remove one of Chuck’s hands from his clothes and place it on his own neck. "Kill me."
“Right.” Aziraphale rolled his eyes. He actually wasn't sure which was worse: having the two of them at each other's throats or having...well...two of them. It'd taken him centuries to get used to Crowley and now (provided they couldn't get Dean back home) he would have to deal with his human counterpart. “It doesn't matter, anyway. We're here.”
The longer Dean fell though (Jesus Christ! He'd been falling for forever! It shouldn't be taking this long!) the more he started to think he had tried to stop Cas for more selfish reasons. A lot had happened recently. Even before Chuck decided to play Thanos and wipe out creation. Between Michael and Lucifer and Nick and Mom and Jack...He hadn't even had the time to apologize to Cas for saying he was dead to him. Hell, Cas didn't even let them catch their breath before he started in on his plan to create another rift, let alone take the time to sit down and talk about everything. All the secrets and the lies. They really needed to clear the air before they jumped back into action. Cas wasn't having it though. That's what losing a child does to you.
“Because dearie,” Rowena chuckled, “it is the end of the world. God has given up on us.”
“I burned it okay!” She turned around waving her hands in the air.
"Oh, nothing too serious. He merely thought that Dean and I were an item." Crowley smirked.
"Shit." He mumbled to himself. He knew this was coming, but it didn't mean he was looking forward to it. "Claire..." He said calmly as he watched the furious blonde approach.
*cough*
And that was okay. It was perfect. Because above all, they had each other. Come Hell or high water, they always had each other through all of it. Even in the darkest of times, the lowest of lows, to the end and beyond, both of them knew that they would never have to suffer it alone. Even now, facing the end of everything, they were together. It was probably wrong to feel as happy as he did in that moment, but he dared anyone to blame him. He had friends. Not co-workers or commanders and subordinates, but friends. Friends who believed in good, and righteousness even when they had no right to. He got to see the true strength of the human spirit (perhaps the only good thing the Almighty had created) grow and strive through adversity. He was witness to the true embodiment of hope. And through it all, he had the one person he never dared to hope could ever be his, and his alone, standing by his side, just as he always had, knowing now that he would be there, forever. So, yes. In the darkest days he had seen in all of his centuries of living, Aziraphale found himself, completely, undeniably happy.
“Is that how it is now?” Aziraphale squawked. “You’re just going to side with him?”
"I could definitely go for a nice wrap or something," Sam agreed " I'm starving"
"Not to you." Claire said through her mouth full of jerky. "To me, he's a fossil. But you're like a trillion years old. Really robbing the cradle with that one, aren't you?"
Sam bit back a smile and nodded his head. "Rowena said he should be back to his old self in a couple days."
Aziraphale narrowed his eyes at that point, turning his gaze on Crowley. "You have grown rather close to the man, Crowley.
*****
"Perhaps it was something you said to him, my dear." Aziraphale offered. " Your mouth does have tendency to get you into trouble."
"Instead of trying to kill him, upsetting the balance of the universe, why not just trap God?" The angel suggested.
*calls out into the void* Hello? Is...is anybody still there? If you are...I'm sorry!
“I've already explained it to you! I have no idea how he got in!”
It was a quiet calm in the library as Aziraphale settled in his, now usual, spot next to Sam with his book on demonology. The previous day had been torrent of chaos and stress. A few of the hunters had given him a rather wide berth, as expected, but a lot of them, assuming him to be Sam's second in command, (mostly due to Dean's disappearance after his little chat with his brother) had questions about things he didn't know how to answer. Now that things had calmed down, he figured it was only right he learned about the creatures that were now to be partially in his charge, for the time being. He had offered to assist Sam in his organization of the hunters, but he made it clear his main focus would be on demons. He didn't want Crowley taking on more than he could handle by himself, after all. It was a nice feeling, though quiet tension hung heavy in the air, with the worry of Dean's mission filling them all, it was almost peaceful. That was until a static of ferocious energy sucked all the air out of the room, preceding the angel that stormed in after it.
This is officially my most popular fic! Can I get a "wahoo"!? It's crazy to think my least thought out piece of writing (fanfic wise) has become the most well received. I love that people keep indulging in this chaos! You guys rock socks!!!!!❤️❤️❤️❤️
She stopped her pacing and turned on the angel, her face determined and hard. “How would you feel? Huh? How would you feel if your entire life was determined for you by someone you hardly even know? No room for error, no straying from the path, destined to do one thing with no say!” Aziraphale gave her a very unamused look. He was an angel, after all, that's all his life was. She pulled back a bit after remembering who she was speaking to, but kept on. “I didn't want to be just a descendant anymore. I wanted to be free of it all, have a life of my own. I knew that was impossible if I kept that damned book. So, I burned it.” She flipped down into a chair and covered her face with her hands. “It’s not like I had any idea something like this would happen. I just wanted to be my own person.”
"In case you've forgotten, I'm dead! I have no interest in repeating the process. I am no longer a part of the earth; therefore I am no longer concerned with what happens to it."
Aziraphale stood in silence by the door. He waited with a neutral expression on his face while Sam yelled at him, and stayed silent for several minutes after he was done. Finally, he approached the hunter leaning against the sink next to Sam and staring off at the opposite wall. "Do you know why the almighty made the angels?" His tone suggested that it wasn't a question that he expected Sam to answer, so he stood and waited for the angel to continue. "We were made to be his perfect soldiers. To stand by his side and guard Heaven. It was silly really. At the time, there was nothing to protect, yet still, we were made. We had a purpose. It was only when Lucifer rebelled that our purpose gained meaning. Do you know why he made humans?" He glanced at Sam briefly then, turning back to the wall when Sam shook his head. "Neither did we. But it wasn't our place to ask. We all assumed it was because he was lonely, but he had put them in a separate place away from him, so that didn't make a bit of sense. All we knew, was that we were to protect them. I failed pretty spectacularly at that from the get go. I had let Crowley into the garden. I allowed the very first humans become aware of the knowledge of good and evil. I tried to right my wrongs by giving them my sword to protect themselves in the wild, and that turned into a disaster as well. They use it to create war. It became a summoning tool for the horseman. What's worse is I became friends with the very demon caused all that. I felt like a failure for quite some time, but I kept doing my job. I am an angel after all. So, I watched over the humans and helped where I could. It was my penance in a way. Deciding to stay on Earth with them. I certainly didn't belong in Heaven after doing what I did. So, I stayed. Alongside with Crowley."
The air grew tight as she turned an icy gaze on the demon. "He told me I was nothing." She snapped. "When he locked me away, he gave me the same speech he gave Dean. He told me I didn't matter. That the world being born was more important than his ties to me. His own sister. We were all that was in the beginning and he threw me away! When I returned, he seemed changed; remorseful. But it was all lies. I would love nothing more than for him to destroy everything that came between us and go back to the way it was, but he won't. What is to stop him from starting over? What is to stop him from locking me away when I break his precious little toys, again?"
Cas had to duck his head to keep Sam from seeing the fact that he was trying to bite back his own laughter. It didn't work. "I hate you." Sam deadpanned. "I hate both of you. I really do."
He kept his eyes focused in front of him, not willing to see the look on the angel's face. Cas slid into the booth next to Sam, eyes red rimmed and watery with a tiny hint of a smile on his face.
"Your secret is safe with me." Sam smiled. Good. This was good. Dean was calm now. He could use this opportunity...
Dean's eyes flew open, and he gripped both of Adam's hand with his own. “Hey! Hey, kid! It's okay, it's okay! Just let it go.” He needed to get home, and he would do almost anything to manage it, but he wasn't about to let this kid hurt himself. “Hey, c'mon. It's fine, just stop.”
"Meg." Cas smiled, whipping around and closing the distance between them to scoop her up into a hug.
"I'll let him visit." Gabe offered. "You can come visit him too Cassie. I don't care who has a problem with it, you are always welcome in Heaven as long as I have a say. You deserve to be there way more than any of those dick bags do. You guys too, whenever it's your time to go. I'm not trying to separate anyone, but I gotta do right where Dad went wrong."
"You told me that should keep gifts." Cas said. " You said I'm not supposed to return them."
Dean had made it to the other side of the war table. Cas had a very smitey look in his eyes and Dean was pretty sure that he wasn't talking about what happened in the kitchen anymore. "Cas....what are you..."
“Yes.” Crowley nodded, answering both questions.
"So, you think it'll work?" Aziraphale asked hopefully.
"Dean, c'mon..."
'Sorry, but I'd rather have you. Cursed or not.'
The barmaid returned with their beers and set three shots infront of each of them. Cas picked up the shots and took all of them in quick succession, holding up three fingers to the woman to indicate he needed three more. "Whoa, now! Slow down there killer!" Dean laughed "I know you're  tolerance is insane, but if you keep that up, people might start asking questions."
"It's not that bad " Crowley shrugged. " The demons here seem more of a lazy bunch. Pretty mild compared to the humans, actually. At least they don't go around throwing holy water on every Tom, Dick, and Harry they meet."
Crowley turned on him in disbelief. " THEY DONT HAVE TO...." He huffed, abandoning his intention of yelling at the angel after seeing the look of surety on his face. "You know what?!" He hissed, taking off his jacket and tossing it for Aziraphale to catch. "Fine! You want Confidence?" He tossed off his sunglasses and began rolling his sleeves. "I'll show you confidence!" He lifted his head towards the ceiling and let out a ball of fire as he flared out his wings, letting the flames fall and light them on fire (they wouldn't burn and he figured flaming wings would add a certain flare.) "And when we are being torn to shreds, either by demons or the Almighty himself, you can go to your grave knowing that I was 'confident'!" He turned on his heel, pointedly ignoring the delighted smile that passed over Aziraphale’s face, as he marched down the rest of the hall and threw open the doors of the throne room. "I demand every soul in Hell that we can spare, brought to me, right now!" He bellowed.
The guys learn that Mary doesn't fully understand the nature of Cas and Dean's friendship.
“Will you stop asking ridiculous questions?” Crowley retorted, as he pulled up to the bookshop.
"We worked with a demon named Crowley for a while, before his death." Cas answered stiffly. " Rowena was his mother. I believe she was trying to flirt with you and the similarities between your name and her late son's gave her 'the creeps'."
******
"You seem to be quite familiar with his 'handy' work." Crowley replied, his grin growing wider.
"Always." Cas replied, giving him a kiss on his forehead.
“Angels don't really have a gender. Nor do demons for that matter, being angels once ourselves.” Crowley winked, reaching for another fry. “I suppose, if we really wanted to, we could have one, but honestly, who wants to put in the effort? We're more or less just sort of...there.”
Cas was not amused. “ This is serious, Dean.”
"Yeah, well that thing almost as old as you are!" Dean chuckled. "I'm surprised it made it this long."
Dean was looking over Sam's shoulder, not paying any attention to what Sam was trying to say. "That's great man," he said distractedly, not breaking eye contact with whatever was going on behind Sam. "Listen we'll talk later. I gotta go run damage control." He walked away, clapping Sam on the shoulder as he passed.
"Did you really mean that, Dean? What you said?"
Crowley was fully invested at that point, completely ignoring the uncomfortable stares from the rest of the group, as he was now leaned with both elbows on the table, his chin resting in his hands. "Really?" He gasped. "Are there any other...skills...that we should know about?"
"I'm not." Cas argued.
The sarcasm  dripping of the angel's last sentence was so bitter, Dean could almost taste is. "Alright, wise guy!" Dean spat back  " How would you pick up a chick, then?"
"Ever heard of a newspaper? Figure it out! Now, let's get back to the room so we can get this damn thing over with." Dean jammed the key into the ignition and revved Baby's engine a couple times for good measure, to assert his manliness.
'I love you' Dean thought to himself, mentally kicking himself for making it seem like a meaningless gesture. "Let's go eat," he grumbled, trying to avoid all eye contact "I'm starving."
“Dean,” Cas whispered “ I know you're awake. Your stomach has been growling for an hour.”
"You can't." She said, sounding half sure, half scared.
"Actually, yeah." Sam said. He smiled down at Mary before moving over to the table where his laptop sat, typing in a few things before turning the screen so everyone could see. " I did some research last night before I went to bed and found a couple of museums out in Wichita I wouldn't mind checking out."
" Yeah," Dean scoffed. " like 36 years ago. Things change mom."
" Dean!" He heard a harsh whisper from the other side of the door. it took him an embarrassingly long time to piece together that the pound had actually been someone knocking on the actual door to his room "I know you're awake. Open up."
“Play nice!” Aziraphale shouted from behind them. “I'll see you both in the morning.”
That.
Marie's mouth opened in shock and her hand flew over her chest. "Dean I would never! None of us ever told anyone about who you really were. We would never betray your trust like that, not that anyone would believe is anyway..."
Under pressure that burns a building down
Dean chuckled and grabbed his plate, taking his place next to Cas. He began eating with the other's in silence, stealing glances around the table at their happy faces as they ate. “ Shoot,” He said as he looked down at the table. “ Forgot my coffee.” He started to get up but was stopped when Cas placed his hand on his shoulder.
"She regrets how your relationship played out." Cas nodded. "She tried, very hard, to get you back. Your death was a heavy blow "
La Dispute
Sam and Cas shared an exasperated look and followed Dean to the Impala. Cas waited until the doors were shut before he said anything. " You know Dean, you really should practice better eating habits. You're not thirty anymore and your metabolism is bound to slow down. I wouldn't want you losing that girlish figure of yours, dearest."
Adam nodded and closed his eyes, gripping Dean's arm tightly. “I see the sad man again. He and the girl are in the room together. Your brother and the small woman are behind them, he looks really concerned.”
"Your stomach issues " Cas nodded in affirmation.
Sam huffed a laugh, before loudly clearing his throat. “Hey...uh guys...”
Everything's coming together while everyone falls apart.
“Just gotta know how to talk to kids, man.” Dean shrugged.
"Who're you trying to convince that you aren't worthy here?" Gabriel asked, eyebrow raised. "Me or you? Cuz all I'm hearing is you tellin me how you managed to put them in their place."
"No, Sam, you c'mon!" Dean shouted back. "Are you forgetting what happened the last few times Cas mossied on up to the pearly gates? Those sons of bitches have a tendency to convince him that they know what's best, and we get fucked! No offense Cas, but I ain't risking it." He glanced over at the angel to see him standing with his head bowed and his fists clenched. He couldn't tell if it was because if it was because Cas was upset or furious, but he knew it had to do with what he had said. He shouldn't have laid everything out like that. It wasn't the point. Cas would be putting himself in danger if he went. Aziraphale too. The last thing they needed was to be down two men in the final quarter. "Cas..." He took a step towards his friend.
"Here you go, gentlemen." Susie said arriving with the food. "Oh, Hey Marie! How ya doing, hun? Can I get ya anything?"
"Your hair color has nothing to do with this Claire. I need to tell you about..."
“I don't even see why Cas cares.” Sam said.
"Yeah, I know." Sam said. " It still kinda skeeves me out."
"Cas?" Dean asked, breathlessly.
Dean let a sly smile sweep over his face as he lifted his head and took the angel's  jaw in one hand. " Not on my watch. " He winked and pulled  Castiel into a gentle kiss.
"It's not enough." Sam repeated, as he watched Rowena lace the last of the souls into the gap. And wasn't that just the perfect metaphor for all of this? They had worked and slaved for so long, poured everything they had into the last bit of hope they could find, only to come up short in the end. "GODDAMNIT!" He threw his fistt into the wall beside him before heaving a pained sigh.
"Temporary king." Said the one demon still at the table.
"I don't..." Cas started before Dean shoved the plate in his hand.
"Is this supposed to make me feel better?" Cas asked incredulously.
Crowley finally looked at him then, his eyes filled with sincerity. "After all these centuries, and you still question it?"
"Next time!?" Aziraphale shouted.
"Do you think this is hopeless." Crowley asked, tilting his head to one side towards the angel with a pout on his face.
“ Oh I'm great, now.” Dean smiled. “Why don't you bring us a round of your finest cervazas, and a Coke for the kid.” He paused, looking her up and down then looked over at Cas, and back to her. “ On second thought, why don't you get me and this handsome devil right here a couple of those margaritas.” He said, nodding in Cas's direction.
“Wait.” Kaia said. She swept her hand out in front of her, gesturing towards the room. “Here? Just out in the open like this, where any old body could just walk in? What if he's in some crazy monster filled world like mine, and he's not the only thing that comes through?”
"Yeah, well maybe you just didn't yell at him right!" Dean grunted.
“How?”
Cas closed his eyes and bowed his head before looking back at Dean with a sad smile. He didn't need to say anything for Dean to know exactly what that meant. Dean slammed down the rest of his drink and grabbed his jacket off the back of his chair. "Hey, everyone." He shouted over the crowd. " I'll be right back. I need to give someone a ride." The crowd cheered and Dean threw on his jacket, kissing Cas on the top of his head before running out the door.
"So you wanna tell me what you two idjits did to screw things up this time?"
******
"I'd listen to him if I were you Castiel." She smirked "You, of all my brother's creations, know what I am capable of when provoked." Cas glared back at her for a moment, before letting out an indignant huff, his shoulders sagging in resignation. "Good boy." She crooned. She turned her attention back to the bank behind him. "How are you Dean? I trust you enjoyed my gift?"
Cas shifted nervously and gave her a sheepish glance before switching his gaze to the floor. "Well we have all the angels ready, I just needed to wake you and...uh....one other demon that has proven useful."
Dean watched as Cas leaned over and scooped up what was left of Sam's beer, finishing it off as well. "Seriously, Cas. That was god damn mezmerizing. I don't think she could turn you down after spitting out Shakespeare shit like that."
The guy just rolled his eyes and fed the tickets into the counter. He used a hook to pull down the guitar and handed it to Jack. " You still got 50 tickets left."
"I'm sorry."
They had eventually decided on some chick flick Dean pretended to put up a fuss about. He didn't really care though. The whole movie thing was really just an excuse to sit next to Cas without raising suspicion anyway. He didn't even really pay attention to the damn movie.
Cas let go of the railing, curling the fingers on both hands, one by one, into tight fists at his sides. "Did you ever consider, Dean," Cas whipped around holding the hunter in an icy glare, causing him to stop halfway up the stairs. "that perhaps maybe this was more than just a simple game to me?" He took a few steps down causing Dean to take a few back. "That maybe it was a way for me to finally have an upper hand on you? That, maybe, just maybe, in all the years of our friendship I was glad to have you bending to my will for once? Because all of Heaven...and Hell...and everywhere in between knows how I have bent to yours."
Dean stood up and wiped the moisture from his hands off on his jeans. He took a deep breath and opened the door, which, as it turned out, was to a large storage closet(he really should take some time out and check out all the rooms of the bunker one of these days. He had seen more of it in the past day then he had the entire time they lived there). Cas stood on the opposite wall, his face was red and splotchy, his eyes were swollen and wet. Dean closed the door behind him and locked it. He knew it was pointless. Even if the lock wasn't on the inside,  Cas could easily shove past him and blast the door away. It was more of a gesture of safety than anything. " I thought you said angels didn't cry." He smiled, trying to keep the mood light.
He rounded the car and made his way to the driver's seat, Sam and Cas waiting in their usual spots. As he opened the door his stomach let out a massive growl. He realized that they hadn't had anything to eat since yesterday morning before they got to town. He settled in his seat and shoved the keys into the ignition, looking between his brother and the angel as he spoke.
I know I've said it a million times but I'm saying it again: thank you for the encouragement.
"Sounds like something Dean would say." Sam agreed.
“Yes!” He smiled. “You’re the sad man!” Cas looked up to Dean and narrowed his eyes, to which Dean just shrugged in response. “Your name is Cas. I don't understand why you're so sad though. Dean told me you have all these awesome powers. I have powers too, and I'm hardly ever sad. I suppose it's probably because my powers are cooler. Dean told me so himself."
“Uh, fine I guess...” Sam answered. He studied Dean's face with a look of concern. “You're in a good mood?” He said. It sounded more like a question than an observation. “Are you feeling alright?”
"Cas?" Dean looked at the angel and saw him shuffle from foot to foot nervously, looking down and wringing his hands. " I figured you would want her here when you can back." He mumbled.
"More complicated than people give him credit for." Charlie cut him off. "He also knows how hard it is to let go of the people he loves. He's actually really bad at it. Maybe, worse than you know."
"You're sure?" He asked, turning a much kinder face to her than what he had shown Dean.
“I have cool powers.” Adam said defensively, crossing his arms. “I bet mine are better.”
"I will kill every one of them. I'll make each of their deaths more slow and painful than the last, and I'll make you watch."
"I know he has." Sam said, hurt. "More times than either of us probably even know about. I'm not trying to make it sound like I don't care, Dean, but I really need to...."
"What's wrong then, Angel?" He asked, turning his body towards the passenger seat.
"It's the only way..." Sam started.
******
“What did it look like?!”
“Very well, then.” Aziraphale sighed “If that's how you want to play this.” He grabbed another chair, placing it front of Dean, and sat down, crossing one leg over the other, neatly laying his hands on his knee. “Ask away.”
"Dean" Cas said in a serious tone " I've understood pop culture almost as long as I didn't when we first met."
“Adam!” Anathema called after him, as she stepped through the portal.
“ D...did you mojo our family?” Dean asked. Cas just shrugged in response. “ You sly son of a bitch.” Dean smiled back. He slid off the bed and began searching for his discarded clothes. He slipped them on tossing Cas's boxers to him (because it was too damn distracting for him to remain naked) and waited for him to put them on before slipping his arms around his waist, pulling him in for a kiss. “ You gonna come with me? You can leave before everyone gets up.”
"No, you're right! " She said, sounding a little angry. " It wasn't just a crush. It was stupid and fast but I fell for her and then I watched her die. But that's not what I'm mad about! I'm mad because she was taken away from me before anything even had the chance to start! And I have to live with that! No one should have to live with that...."
I think you saw me confronting my fear, it
Crowley smiled, lacing his own finger together and placing his elbows together, resting his head atop his hands. "I'm sure Castiel must have informed you of what happened between you two as he spent so much of his energy trying to heal you."
"He'll be along." Bobby said casually, referring to Sam. "They all will soon enough. Time up here it's…different."
Let's get ready for solutions!
"Son of a bitch!" Dean scrambled across the booth to peer out the window and watch their exchange. It was like watching his worst nightmare unfold before him. Part of him wanted to run outside and drag the feathered asshat back inside before he found anything out but he knew he wouldn't be fast enough. He wasn't that lucky. So instead, he watched in horror as the scene played out, in slow motion, before him. He saw their mouths moving, and even though he couldn't hear the words he knew exactly what they were saying. He watched as Cas shoved his hands into the pockets of his stupid trench coat and tilt his stupid head at Marie's words. Then...was that a fucking smile? Is he laughing? He was! Cas's head had fallen back and the angel was actually full on cracking up! "Son of a bitch!" Cas placed his hand on Marie's shoulder to steady him self and shook his head. Dean couldn't watch anymore, so he slung himself back and picked his burger back up. "I swear, if Chuck wasn't God, I'd wring his neck!"
“Hey...uh... Dean?”
"Let the man speak Sammy," Dean inturpted, flourishing  his hand toward  Cas. "So?"
“I didn't want to burden you.” Cas replied.
Dean and Sam shared a reluctant look. Sam nodded his head toward the angel and Dean looked down at his feet, scratching the back of his head. " Awe, christ Cas. You're not really gonna make us re-live that crapfest, are you?"
also we are nearing the end of this fic now....its getting harder to write....because endings are hard...i will try my best to make sure the quality doesn't completely decline....
"Yeah, yeah. " Sam said, trying his best not to sound choked up. "See you when you get back." And a moment later, with the flutter of wings, Dean and Castiel were gone.
Castiel let a cold humorless laugh. He rubbed his hands over his face and shook his head. "You know what? Save it Dean." When he made eye contact with the hunter, Dean cold see the sad, tired look that dulled his grace. "It doesn't matter. Hunter's don't have long shelf lives anyway, you've said it yourself. Sure it'll hurt your mom, probably destroy Sam, but they won't have to live with the pain that long. They'll probably be dead in a few years too." His voice was beginning to sound hysterical. "Jack's practically a mortal now himself. I actually don't even know the natural life span of a nephilim, none have really been left alive long enough to conduct a study. If the few remaining angels don't decide to kill him.... I'm sure his lack of grace will take him, as well. So, really Dean, it's fine, because the only person who will be around long enough to truly suffer the consequences of your actions is me. God, knows I'm not going anywhere...." he turned away, his voice beginning to crack "you'll all be gone...and I'll still be right here."
"How far?" Aziraphale asked through heaving breaths.
Sam turned to Cas, who seemed to find his favorite crack again and resumed picking at it. " Do you like her, Cas? Do you think she's, I don't  know, pretty or whatever ?" Sam tried to make his tone gentle to hide his concern  that they were pressuring  him into something he didn't want to do.
Cas cried for a while longer before swallowing and taking a series of deep breaths to calm down. "They said I was too emotional to focus." He sniffed. "I tried to heal him several times, draining myself, before I thought to call out for help. They told me I risked putting us both in danger and I should focus my energy elsewhere. I put a call out to Rowena, she is in there with him now. I was told to gather myself before I even thought about returning. I put my efforts into finding you because I didn't believe the others capable of doing a sufficient job. I needed to find you, make sure you were okay. I couldn't stand the thought of losing you too."
"I have been alone for quite some time." The Shadow said contemplatively. "If another rouge were to somehow wake up, it would be nice to have someone else there to handle the situation."
"Fine, whatever we'll find a motel so we can get ready for this stupid party."
"Dean! The car's..."
“Adam, go back inside.” Mr. Young lectured. “I don't want you getting yourself into any trouble.”
“Dean...” Cas paused and suddenly a small light appears in his hand. It was the first time he had been able to see the angel's face since he busted the lights. Any sense of hurt Dean felt at Cas's words was lost the second he looked into those, ocean deep, eyes. “I swear to you, I will do everything within my power to stay by your side.”
“What were you listening to?” Kaia asked as walked passed Cas and wandered farther into the room, kicking various liquor bottles aside as she moved.
Rowena leaned back in her chair, as far away from Cas as she could without actually moving, before replacing her mask of confidence and concern. “Do you think you could share with the rest of the class, dearie?” Her voice was shaky at best. “I think the rest of us are a wee bit confused as to what shadows have to do with anything.” She and Sam shared a skeptical look across the table.
“Oh my, would you look at that! Aziraphale said, looking at his watch “it’s nearly Supper! Crowley would you be a dear? I could go for Chinese.”
“Kid's right.” Crowley says. “She’s definitely hiding something.”
“Sure, ya don't.” Dean smirks. “I get pretty twitchy too when I'm tellin the truth.”
"Excuse you?!" Crowley said, his resolve cracking, just slightly. One thread was all it took. One thread pulled just the right way, and the entire plan would unravel.
"Oh, but of course your majesty!" Aziraphale replied in a bitterly sarcastic tone and bowing dramatically. "Would you like me to fetch you anything? A drink, your robe, this dagger out of my back?"
“Honest!” Dean nodded. “Coolest powers you've ever seen.”
Sam rolled his eyes and glanced at his watch. "It's 5:50 now, the GPS says it'll take about twenty minutes to get there. I'm sure Marie won't mind if we show up a little early. If we leave now, we might be able to help her finish setting up. It's the least we can do."
Cas just stared at him. Dean was about to open his mouth keep rambling again, when he saw a quick flash of realisation pass over the angel's face before he crashed their lips together. " Thank you." Cas whispered against Dean's mouth when they paused for a breath. He slid his hands to the back of Dean's head and pulled him back in. Their kisses were slow and sweet. There was no heat, no rush. Just love. Each one deeper and longer than the last.
Dean froze, panic washing through him. He had told Crowley to drop it, even accepted that he would keep teasing him regardless, but now he was dragging Cas into this bullshit. The guy wasn't exactly the most knowledgeable when it came to human behavior. He has gotten better for sure since they first met, but there were still a few holes here and there. What if Crowley managed to convince him that Dean had some weird crush on him. He didn't need that awkwardness. He and Cas were finally getting back on the right foot but circumstances were shaky at best. Anything could tip the scale one way or the other and a demon telling Cas that Dean had feelings for the angel that Dean swore he didn't was definitely something that could mess with that balance. "What the hell are you two talking about?" He demanded, glaring daggers at Crowley.
"And look what that got me!" Crowley huffed. "I gave my life for the bloody Winchester's once. I won't do it again. It isn't my fault you lot can't keep your shit together! Sorry, but my answer is no."
"Sam, please! I gotta get to Cas! We can't leave him again! Please!"
The anger was coming back up now. He had put Cas through a lot of shit, but he wasn't about to let the angel walk into something neither of them can handle. "And what's Cas gonna do, huh? You saw what she did to him the last time. She may have been trying to hurt Lucifer, but he was riding shotgun in Cas's head at the time. She didn't care that she was hurting him! Full power or not, Cas can't do shit to her and as far as she's concerned, he's disposable! I ain't using him as some sort shield just to have a small chance of escape. Forget it!"
Cas tilted his head, a hopeful look filling his eyes. "I thought, since the both of you were occupied during it's original run, that perhaps you would be interested in watching it with me..."
Dean makes a big decision about his future with Cas
"STOP!" Dean cried out, barely audible over Cas's screams. "Please! Stop." He begged.
By the time he crawled into bed though, he began to focus on the other things he had learned.
Dean waited in the car while everyone was pulling their things out of the trunk. He was honestly surprised that four drinks had that much of an effect on him. He was Dean Fucking Winchester Goddammit! He drank whiskey like water! Of course, he usually ate like a horse too...and those margarita glasses were huge...and tequila never really was his friend...
"Hello, Crowley? It's Aziraphale." The man said into the receiver.
“Sam,” Cas started “we're going to find a way to bring him back...”
"Nice of you to finally join us, Aroura." Sam grumbled, wearing bitch face # 72. "Did you stay up watching hentai all night, or what."
Cas sighed and shook his head. "I believe it was a nephilim that got is in trouble in the first place. I don't think creating more would solve any of our problems."
Aziraphale narrowed his eyes and shook his head. “This is about Dean, isn't it? Look, I know you've grown to care for the boy over the last few days, I have too, but we can't be expected to save every stray human that comes wandering into our midst.”
And that was new.
"Man, you should've seen him out there, Sammy!" Dean said excitedly. " Cas was kicking ass and taking names like he was getting paid to do it. It was awesome."
And love (people on streets) dares you to change our way of
“Oh, I know all about you!” Adam said shaking his hand.
Crowley hunched his shoulders and closed his eyes, shaking his head. It was a centuries old argument, one that would likely never be solved, but it never stopped either of them from trying. "I'm a demon, Aziraphale. Demons aren't good. If I we're good I never would have fallen"
Sam grabbed Dean by the arm and pulled him into the hallway, away from the, now nervous crowd, leaving Cas behind. "Dean, I'm not keeping you here! I just didn't want you to flip out in front of everybody!"
"She's imprisoned, now." Cas said defiantly, though the fear was still dancing behind his eyes. "Duma saw to that, before I disposed of her."
“Send. Me. Home.” She growled. “Your brother promised me if I gave him the spear he would send me home. You lost my spear, the least you can do is get me out of here!” Sam shook his head “You can ask him yourself! He promised!”
Dean closed his eyes again and let his head slump between his shoulders. "The truth shall set you free." He muttered.
“You are?!” Dean smiled back at him.
"No problem." Sam half chuckled, pulling his Dean into a hug, only to be met with a pathetic whine. "Are you sure you're okay?" Sam asked as he stepped back examining Dean's expression.
Dean turned to Crowley, who uncrossed one arm, pulling down his glasses enough to reveal his snake-like eyes, before pushing them back up and returning to his previous position. “ Demon, I'm afraid. The host doesn't take too kindly to creatures, such as myself. And don't think I could persuade Hell in your favor either. As far as they are concerned, I'm nothing more than an abomination.”
Sam smiled and let out a small laugh as he watched his brother pout in Cas's direction until the angel disappeared around a corner. " You know, you're lucky he lo..."
"I can help people, Cas!" Jack said. "Gabriel's right, I'm too dangerous to stay here on Earth. But if I can help make heaven better for the souls that are there..."
“What’s all this really about?” Mr. Young said suspiciously. “I'm not about to let my son speak to a group of strange men without some sort of proper explanation.”
"Your brother, your mother and my son." Cas smiled back "What else would I refer to them as?"
"Ughh, no. Please stop. No! I don't like this!"
Dean and Sam both broke into a nervous laughter, but Cas remained sullen. "C'mon Cas." Sam said. " We gotta find humor in this somewhere."
🎶Leaves are falling all around
“ Alright,” Mary said, returning to the kitchen, saving Dean from making an ass of himself. “ I'm heading out now.”
eyes. "Look, I'm gonna fix this, okay? Don't worry. I don't know how, but I'm gonna make this right." Jack gave a broad smile and nodded, before he set off to his given task. "Just, if he comes in here, don't let him leave. He's not gonna say no to you." He shouted back as he left the garage.
