Later, he’ll be able to reconstruct what happened with the team, that Tony was knocked out of the sky by a blow so heavy it sent almost all of his suit’s system offline, including the communication links.
“I didn’t want to,” Steve whispers. “But after the Accords, I just... I was mad at you, and I didn’t think we’d ever come back from that. But now... there’s not a day that I don’t regret leaving it.”
“Thank you, Tony,” Steve said, thankful that his mouth had finally decided to start working again.
Steve doesn’t rise to the bait. It’s not like he hasn’t had that exact thought himself after he and Sharon called it quits again.
Tony tensed. “Nat -”
Tony doesn’t look at him.
Natasha’s there first, singling her presence by gently putting a hand on his shoulder. She doesn’t say anything. When Steve gathers the strength to look up, her eyes are troubled and angry, but above all sad. After a while she leaves, no doubt to bully some poor doctor to update her on Tony’s condition.
, the voice continues on, even though Peter is long gone.
“It’s so dark outside I couldn’t even see my own feet.”
In his bedroom, the sheets still smell like Tony, and here, the stone meets his despair with cold silence.
He’s losing everyone it seems, even if they’ve survived The Snap.
“Rhodey -”
"You know what? This totally happened. I'm totally on board with this."
“Yeah, sure.”
“Maybe it’s for the best,” Tony says wryly. “Look at us.”
But Tony didn’t.
“If you’re really in there…” Steve pauses, tries not to think about what Tony is going through, because of
Instead, Steve walks over to Tony’s little personal area of the workshop, where he had a couch, a cupboard and even a small fridge for when he inevitably looked himself in for days at a time.
fact that Steve only felt him sliding into their bed long after midnight.
Something inside Tony twists.
“What was that?“ He hissed, just loud enough for Steve to hear.
“I do care about you,” Steve says quietly.
The main doors opened to a large living space with an open kitchen and a fireplace under the TV. On the other side, a wide spiral staircase led to the upper floor. Everything was flooded with light, since the first floor had ceiling-to-floor windows, framed by the thick logs that lined the walls.
Since he’d used this cabin as a strategic retreat during Christmas for almost five years now, the only thing he’d needed to do was have supplies shipped to the cabin and he was good to go.
Steve stares at it for a moment, as his brain can’t really believe what it’s seeing.
His voice, that overt friendliness that he had learned to recognise, made it very clear that it was
Tony sighed. “Come on. you’ve been staring at my neck for the better part of the evening. And I’m up for anything, so.’’
Tony blinks at him, almost owlishly.
?” Rocket asks distastefully.
Peter nods pitifully. “I’m cold.”
Steve frowned at him. “Are you sure? It’s just, I’ve never seen you like this. Sitting and doing nothing, I mean.”
Peter hesitates for a second, then slowly began to help him. Steve gave it a few moments, mulled the words over in his head and wondered just how much he was supposed to tell Peter.
“Where are you going.”
Ah, Tony muses. Comfort eating then.
Tony grips the phone tighter and tries to steel himself. “He’s sick. Like, really sick, and he’s asking for you. I know you’ve probably got other things to do but he’s still your son and I’ll-”
Tony’s hands clenched around his mug. “I don’t - It’s not that easy.”
Some time later, Tony heard a knock on the door.
(It feels wrong, doing this without Steve, like a clock that’s trying to tick without one of its core components.)
“Lockdown, FRIDAY,” he says quietly.
Tony pictured Steve, maybe along with Bucky, racing down hills on old pieces of wood and felt a pang of jealousy. “I’ve never done that.”
Tony shuddered and shook his head. They might've broken up a year ago, but Steve was still his friend. None of Steve’s concerned touches or warm smiles meant anything. He needed to stop getting as worked up about it as he did.
Steve hums, mild.  Tony looks to him sharply, but Steve just continues chopping.
The room lightens - a hologram bursts to life, and Tony takes a sip before he starts. "Okay let's break this thing down again Fry. Walk me through it."
Peter shrugs.  “I knew we would end up fighting aliens, but I don’t think I
Steve grins, and it's the first one that doesn't look like it's been forced since he came back.
“I see piles of bodies when I close my eyes these days.  I see all of you at the bottom, and I know it’s my fault,” he admits.  Bruce's hand tightens on his arm.  “I know it’s a nightmare.  It’s some stuff lingering from Wanda’s dark side stuff.  But I can’t shake it.”
.  Then there had been ambassador, lobbyists in 193 countries and keeping the money funneled so it was so far away from his name that no one could ever trace it back to him.  It had all been in motion since Ultron, and Tony hadn’t wanted this one on his conscious again.
The claw marks look fresh and jagged down the metal. They aren't deep, only surface scratches. It feels like he floats there, because Tony can't remember moving. Can't remember putting down the long emptied glass (that's been refilled maybe one too many times). He slides his fingers down the marks. Down the indents on the metal on the side from where is hit him.
Tony's face mask is up and his eyes are wide and panicked.  He is calling for someone, fumbling for Steve's chest, armor flecked with blood.
Spidey shrugs again.  “Radioactive spider?” he offers.
Jarvis used to know the answer to how to clean out stains when Tony made them. He would carefully explain every step as Toby watched as oil, fruit juice, scotch just disappeared from shirts or surfaces. Ana would distract him after, with stories about Hungary and the letters she receives from her cousins and nieces and nephews. Tony doesn't remember any of the lessons or stories. He aches where the reactor used to be as he scrubs a little harder. Effort, he does remember, was always something Jarvis emphasized.
Steve walks out, hand on the doorknob as he closes it, and the yanking makes Tony stumble.  “Hey,” he calls, grabbing a nearby table to hold himself upright. “Come back real quick.”
“Then maybe you shouldn’t die and leave me trying to solve the problem of all the things we never talked about and a company I wasn’t ready to take over before I knew who I am or want to be,” Tony yells.
) drank a DUMMY special smoothie and there had been an hour long puking session and too much yelling and a lot of water and maybe an IV.  He could leave any time he wanted, but the TV in the background was nice.  Rhodey’s willingness to put various forms of liquid sustenance in front of him was even better.
Buildings collapsing, desperation in his throat, horror in the back of his mind, yelling - no, screaming,
It’s during a fight.  Well the very end of a fight, but he doesn’t remember much of it besides the blow to his chest and the burning and the pain.  He goes down hard.  But Tony's right there, and Steve feels like his heart is beating out of his chest.  "Tony," he gurgles, the taste of blood in his mouth.
Steve raises an eyebrow before coming forward and plucking the marker from Tony’s hands.  “Let’s get you back to looking,” he sniffs and then winces, “and smelling like a normal person.”
Steve laughs, “Remind me to show you Into Darkness.  You’ll hate it.”
He stays there for a while, hand on the glass, hoping against any actual hope that the glass will change again.
I have to do this before I lose my nerve.
He falls to his knees and feels like he is being torn apart before it all snaps into place and he's panting, holding himself up, trying to catch his breath. He looks to Tony, who has gone limp in Rhodey's arms, and thinks
Instead Tony pulls his hands back from the counter and asks, “So am I taking the couch?  Does the future even have pull out couches?”
“Yes boss,” FRIDAY responds.  “The Swedish ambassador.”
Such a carter thing to say
“He still has something,” Tony replies, nodding to Thanos’ gauntlet with five and half stones.
He grips his water bottle until it creaks and begins to walk to the door.  “They miss you,” he hears offered behind him.  “All of them except Lang.  They tell stories about the compound from time to time.”  There is a pause.  “James is apologetic.  He knows what he did and wants to take responsibility.”
He can barely breathe as she disappears into nothing, and Tony barely knows why exactly.  Steve shifts in the chair beside him, turning his face towards the light, so Tony can inspect him closer.
, he thinks darkly before raising his hand in hello.
“He is really bad about not jumping more and leaving his legs open,” Peter comments.
The loud discussion pulls Peggy into the room, Daniel trailing behind.  With a quick glance around the room, at the stand off between Maria and Jarvis and the way Tony is hiding against Ana, they quickly discern the situation.  Peggy moves to Maria, quietly calming her before taking her from the room. Tony watches as they both have tears in their eyes.
“You wanted Death?” Tony asks, and it echos distantly, like he isn’t here in this moment.  And he isn’t. He’s everywhere. Every timeline, every moment in history. He’s at the beginning and the end.  He’s the Alpha and the Omega.
“Fry?” He asks as he rushes forward to protect Wanda from the surge of Chitauri that is taking advantage from her weakness.  Thanos’ eyes have sharpened on her, and even though Rhodey is shooting everything he has at the being, and Hulk is sprinting towards him, he doesn’t look away from Wanda.
“No,” Thanos rumbles.  “I am anything but weak.”
Then he thinks,
Steve pats his armor before walking towards the showers as well, and Tony watches him go for a beat,
To bruceybear
“I miss you,” Tony whispers brokenly to the woman standing in front of him. It feels ripped from him, and it aches even more knowing that she can’t hear him since it isn’t the memory version of him that says it.
When he has himself on the line.
Steve takes the moment and angles his head quick enough to latch onto the covered side of Tony’s shoulder, biting down fiercely, and Tony tries to hold back a groan, bites it down, down down, but instead it tumbles out, low and urgent. Steve move to full back, pulls his teeth away just as the nerves in his skin shift into pleasure, and Tony begins to feel it all over his body. He tightens his grip on Steve’s hair and pushes him back down as he moves closer, hips bumping and pressed as closely as he can.
He walks up to it, eager, hoping it’s functional.  Maybe he can interface with the suit through Extremis.  He hasn’t been able to use it since he woke up. The doctors think it’s because technology has evolved beyond the initial parameters of Extremis and it can’t adapt.
"I was a coworker, and you were
“I don’t have any one,” Tony says out loud for the first time one night, unprompted, a few weeks after the final pronouncement.  “I have no money, no resources, I don’t even understand how the technology works and I’ve
Steve stays there a little while longer while they go back and forth, before walking away.
The third gets him with a sweep of the legs and Cap goes down before kicking up and bringing the man down with him.  He scrambles to get purchase, and lands on top of the man, who wheezes out. Cap puts the man in a headlock until he slumps.
Steve grins.  “We both win,” he counters and pulls Tony in.
(See the end of the chapter for
Clint goes forward, harassing Thor who is intently watching something on the TV, but Steve stays there watching, quietly and keeps thinking he doesn’t, he isn’t, no. Until the buzz fades back into the back of his mind, and he can swallow again.
Maria beams.  “Exactly.” Then she leans closer, and he can see the lines around the edges of her eyes.  “Now, I’ve heard you needed some help gathering some gems. I’m quite in the need of some adventure darling.”  There is something edged in her smile that he has never seen before in her, but it’s something he’s seen in the mirror.
There is a faint smile on Yinsen’s face as he wipes the cold sweat from Tony’s face with a ragged handkerchief.  “No.  You don’t strike me as the easy type.”
There is a rush of images, Steve watching Tony in moments Tony wasn't aware of, for years.  The steady beat of fond
Steve thinks about those long days, painting. "Could have been worse."
(They are in the gym, and Steve is standing in his uniform and stace after throwing him down again.  “I appreciate you taking your valuable time to help a desk jockey with his neuroses,” Tony says, hating that he has to keep everything separate.  Trying to keep from giving the game away, but he likes being around Steve. Like the feelings he gets from it. How he feels comfortable in a way he hasn’t in years.
Rhodey cuts in and the channel splits for a moment, a fading conversation between Peter and Clint in the background with Sam interjecting every once in a while. “Are you - oh.  Well, you deserve to be eaten.”
“He’s in love with you,” Clint says, back when there are only six Avengers. No Compound, not Ultron, no Civil War. Those early days when they are just settling into something.
But to this day, Tony remember his father’s face with perfect clarity as he inspected his son’s microchip.  He thinks that is where it really started.
Vision meets Strange’s gaze easily.  “Without the stone, I will effectively be unpowered.  It is what essentially allowed me to inhabit this physical form instead of just being a program that could live through servers.”
"I forgave you a long time ago," Tony replies. "I had to. It was eating me alive to hate you."
Everyone asks Tony when he is joining them.  He demurs until Steve puts an end to it with a firm look and, “Tony is adjusting now.  He’ll let me know when and if he wants to. I’ll let you know if it ever happens.”
Steve cooks, Tony critiques.  They play war games off the old battles they used to fight.  They exist in a world built in the three bedroom apartment 300 years in the future, and Tony doesn’t feel like he should exist outside of it.
Never painted.
He stills, “So the dreams.”
“You’ll make it,” Tony replies, conviction firm in the words.  “There isn’t a timeline where you don’t.”
Natasha also realizes that she will never tell Tony any of it.)
Where the stone had been before is a hazy red glow, and Tony looks to the ground where Wanda is steadily walking through the masses coming at her, throwing the left and right.  Her hands are red, and when he zooms in, her hands looks steady.
Tony has to take a breath to focus, because his memories are on the surface, easier to reach than the present.  He could get lost in the past, he knows. Now that he recognizes this, he knows he almost has a few times.
“Everything you said mattered a little less.”  Bruce catches the thread of his thought.  His knuckles aren’t as white as they were a second ago.
Steve's grin is a helpless sort of blinding thing, but it fades when Tony says, "But Pepper, and I've got it."
Tony breathes in for a second and counts -
Bruce begins playing with the nanobot prototype nearest to him, pulling his glasses off the top of his head until they are perched on his nose as he squints.  “It needs to be something semi organic so it doesn't poison the patient or they body rejects it.”
He’s on his thirteenth loop of the room.
He wakes up in the Compound’s medical wing.  Too stiff bed underneath causing new aches and pains.  His vision goes in and out for a while, and he’s not sure how long it is before he can finally make out where he is and who is there.  Rhodey, always faithful, hunched over in the chair, arms on his knees and forehead pressed against his fists.
It’s like there is a white noise in his ears that keeps his mind blank, because Tony knew this was coming.  Had an inkling, just a feeling. Has had it for months. He just pushed it back, thinking if he ignores it, it isn’t happening.  It’s worked for him so far.
But Tony also knows his own worth, the weight of his sins and the triumphs he’s had.  He knows when someone is twisting the truth.
“Okay,” he hums.  “If that is what you want.”
- that moved, spoke, looked so familiar to how Steve had moved that it had hurt to breathe - even with everything going on - when he looked that way.
singing in the background.
“Can I use the drill in your lab?”  Tony asks.
When are you presenting?
He can’t get rid of the image that is in the coffin with Steve’s body, slowly sinking to the bottom of the ocean as his air runs out.  So he ends up in the living room, coffee mug in hand, watching the sun as it rises while wrapped up in blankets.
Wanda rises in the air, floating softly until she makes eye contact with him.  She nods, and Tony looks over Sharon’s head and sees a glowing string between him and her.  If he focuses, he can see different strings trailing from her to Vision, to Clint, to Steve.  To others.
"Missed you too kid," he says, almost too quiet. Steve and JARVIS hear it anyway.
Thank you for reading.
It’s easier this way Tony knows.  It doesn’t wipe away the gross cling of the knowledge he is using someone he likes, he respects, like that.
Tony smiles, he hopes softly but can’t be sure when his chest feels like it’s full of shattered glass.  “Because there always has to be someone left behind. Some to tell the story. Once it was Peg, and now it’s you.  You have to carry on the memories. Make sure other people know who he is. Because one day, he’ll want to remember, and you’ll have to remind him.  That’s the job of the man behind, he’s the story bearer.”
Tony goes. "Won't be as good as if we went to visit Julian and got some chiliaquiles. Breakfast nachos. Think of that deliciousness Rhodey!"
Steve gets lost in people.  In memories. Tony knows. Tony’s used it for than he wants to admit to skirt around some of the things he doesn’t talk about.  Doesn’t want to bring up. He slides in a comment about Wanda, about Bruce, Thor, Natasha and Steve will pick up the thread, follow it down until something is finished.
Steve takes a breath before adding, "I love how you love so fiercely. Once I was worried you would burn yourself out loving others, but now, I think you could survive taking a hit."
Tony knows his face, the pinched worry look Steve gets when he has a plan but he knows the others won’t like.  He’s seen it too many times before Steve says something self sacrificing and something's even suicidal. “You have JARVIS keeping a close eye on me,” Tony tells him as he picks at the lo mein in front of him.  “You can ask him for an update. I won’t be insulted.”
Keep them safe
The window is cold, and it helps with the headache he has pounding between his ears. It sounds like a heartbeat. "Apparently Dad pissed off Hydra, and they sent the Winter Soldier after him."
Steve lands, comms him, and Tony hurries a goodbye to Pepper.
"When I was younger, my family, we would all get together in the summer.  It was Peggy's place.  She had inherited from her Dad.  It's probably in Sharon's name.  We should go up there some time." Steve's hand tightens for a moment.  "Oh right back on track.  We used to go up there and it was the few times a year I got to see my Uncle Daniel.  He would take me aside and show me the fields, the forest.  Teach me about plants and taking care of the land and ourselves.  He and I were inseparable every summer until the one he died.”
The next reporter is a mousy brunette from the New York Times. "Mr. Stark, what do you think should be the next steps taken in regard to the W-" she begins before Everheart is standing and asking, "Did you know anything about the break out of the Falcon, Scarlet Witch, Hawkeye and Ant Man from the RAFT facility where they were being held under the orders of the Secretary of State?"
I don't just lie to pretty aunts in Queens. Your SI Internship starts on Monday. Wear khaki's for orientation, but after you get out of that, wear some ironic t-shirts and jeans. You'll fit right in with the nerd squad.
Tony smiles slightly before clapping.  “That was amazing you two.”  Rihan blushes and Peter cocks his head to the side, a familiar quirk of his lips there.  “I have 2 things to tell you.  The ARC team is going to give you a prototype to play with.  And the Maria Stark Foundation will be funding any testing you want to do with.”
echoing in the back of his mind. Red curling at the edge of his vision.
"Okay," he replies, because he's never been able to say no to her.
Tony closes his eyes against the mother screaming
Tony just stares blankly out a window.
The humming in the back of Tony’s mind turns to a screaming.  He stumbles at the latest yank, suddenly weak, like the power has been zapped from him.  No one moves to help him. They are frozen as Death makes it’s way to Thanos, grinning ear to ear, eyes too large and teeth too white.
He takes in a ragged breath and pushes the thought away best he can.
“Oh, hello Mr. Ambassador. How are you on this fine day?” Tony greets as he smiles into the call. He stands up and begins to pace.
“Oooh why are we hitting Sam and can i join in?” Bucky asks while sauntering over to the small group while holding Clint’s hand.
“-tain America saves the day again.”
Tony doesn’t go to leave the car.
“Please, call me Tony,” Tony responds with Steve’s reply to him only moments earlier.
“I’m not just afraid of you, I’m afraid of what you represent.”
The man laughs, “Was in an accident when I was a kid, I thought it would be cool to have a metal arm. Now not so much.”
Tony was staring at his feet so intently that he didn’t feel Steve’s calloused hand reach out and grab his chin, pushing it up ever so slightly so that Tony would look at him.
“Sorry man I went to public school.” The villain shrugged.
,” Steve replied, not looking up from the newspaper that he was currently reading.
“Please, call me Steve.”
Tony sighs and turns down the radio. Captain bloody America. The golden boy. The hero. The savour.
Tony pulled back from the hug slightly to stare into Steve’s ocean eyes. He takes a big breath and calmed himself down before speaking, “Steve I’m not sure where this sudden courage is coming from but it’s been a long time coming and I better confess this before I cower away forever.”
Tony grabbed Steve’s hands and wrapped them around his waist, “We’re going to try again, but uh this time with tongue.”
The Avengers were having a day off, something they don’t get often. Thor and Clint were in the kitchen making sandwiches for everyone, the rest lazed about in the common area, a random movie was on, serving as background noise.
When they reached Tony’s bedroom Tony jumped onto his bed. Steve had never been in Tony’s room before, he had no need for it. Tony has never been in his either. Which is a good thing because his room was filled with his art supplies and paintings he had done, surprisingly most were of Tony. Steve doesn’t mean to constantly draw Tony it just happens.
“If you’ve followed my art before then you would know that I am inspired by the state of New York. This is my home and it always will be. This new collection is no different. I’m sure you’ll recognise some familiar faces featured in some of these paintings. Welcome to my Manhattan collection.”
That was the million dollar question.
“I already did, she said to stop messing around with Captain Rogers and get your asses out here now.”
“I’ve missed you,” Tony mumbled into Steve’s chest as Steve ran his hands up and down Tony’s back in a comforting manner.
“Of course not, tell Steve to call me,” Tony says before leaving the exhibition and entering his car, Happy standing dutifully beside the passenger side door waiting for him.
Steve cracks a smile at that, “I’m sorry for asking.”
Steve blushed, Tony was a great kisser and Steve didn’t want to stop kissing him.
“I wouldn’t pass up an opportunity like this, you better not be messing with me.”
“Do you want me to go?”
“We can start with greetings I guess.
,” Tony whispered so low that Steve almost didn’t hear him. But he did and shock quickly graced his face, and then a smile, and then a massive grin.
Pepper puts a hand on her hip and stares down at Tony, “Were you?”
“How was work today?” Tony asks as he prepares Steve’s coffee.
Steve was waiting for Tony to return from his mission on the roof. It was just a simple mission, in and out quickly, and he had backup. That didn’t stop Steve from worrying. He always worried about his teammates but especially about Tony. Steve wasn’t sure when he realised that he was in love with Tony, all he knew was that he was indeed super duper in love with Tony, could die without him type of love.
Tony just nods and tells Steve how much it will cost before going over to the machine to make the frappe.
Tony nods and manoeuvres his body to get up from his warm and comfortable position snuggled up against Steve.
“You good?” Rhodey asks Tony as he made he way over to Rhodey and Sam to get away from the play fighting.
Happy puts his hand on Tony’s left shoulder, “It’s okay to be nervous sir, just waltz in there and be your charming, charismatic self.”
Tony opens his eyes and stares at his best friend, “Honeybear, it’s a jacket. Wear it, don’t wear it. I don’t care. It’s comfortable and smells like Steve so I’m keeping mine.”
Tony gave him the middle finger before returning to rubbing Steve’s shoulders.
The man yawns in response, “Yeah, work has been heavy lately.”
, meaning God and Mary be with you. The less religious and less formal greeting would just be
“Ohhh. I would love to Mr Rogers.”
Tony had a plan.
“Here ya go, Cap,” Clint said as he passed a sandwich to Steve who was sitting on the recliner in the corner of the room, reading.
The villain looked confused, “That’s a language?”
“You can’t be serious,” Rhodey says incredulously.
Tony writes Steve’s name on the cup, and then did something he has never done before no matter how many hints he got; he wrote his phone number on the cup. He isn’t expecting this Steve guy to actually call him, or ever come back to the coffee shop but it’s nice to dream.
“C’mon Cap, don’t tell me you haven’t thought about it. You, me, under the stars, staring at each other, kissing, doing other things,” Tony egged him on, waggling his eyebrows at the last part.
Tony looks up this Steve Rogers and sees that he has a few paintings but nothing major, the street seller sure never heard of him.
That night Tony could’ve overdone it and died of alcohol poisoning but instead he found solace in art.
Steve sighed, “Nat I don’t know what I’m doing.”
Steve nodded, and closed his eyes. He could feel Tony’s warmth getting closer. When the gap between their lips closed once again Steve started moving his lips in time with Tony’s.
Tony’s breathing starts to regulate again and he puts his head in his hands, “I’m such a mess, I’m such a loser. Look at me, afraid of falling in love. Steve wouldn’t even like me.”
“Morning shellhead,” Steve greets cheerily, wincing slightly from his injuries.
“I’m sure you’ll love him sir, and he’ll love you.”
it’s an Irish phrase.”
“It reminds everyone that we’re taken, and that our partners are taken,” Steve says with pride and love, hugging Tony closer. Tony hums and closes his eyes, breathing in Steve’s scent.
Steve finishes repeating Tony’s statements, a reminiscence of their first kiss, and leans in for possibly their hundredth kiss.
or something like that,” the villain did trying to recite the words Steve had said.
Tony is full on balling his eyes out at this stage, and his voice is now hoarse from shouting that long speech. Steve is just standing there, taking it all in.
“There’s something I need to ask you.”
Rhodey stares at Tony, “Steve is Captain America.”
Steve gave a small smile and looked down at his still fidgeting hands, Tony kept using his hands so what does Steve do with his?
Pro: Tony is experienced, he would know what to do.
Tony laughed at that, Steve liked hearing Tony laugh. He had a nice laugh, not too rough.
After Tony calms down Rhodey gets up to lock up the coffee shop for him before taking Tony home. They sit on the couch and watch movies, Tony is back to his normal self. Well he’s faking it for Rhodey’s benefit and when Rhodey leaves that night Tony cries himself to sleep.
Clint looked even more confused. “Irish is a language?”
“I’m liking this new bold Steve Rogers.”
“That seemed like a fun conversation”, Natasha remarked, referring to the short but irritating talk Steve just had with the man he still doesn’t know the name of.
Steve fell asleep shortly after with Tony laying on his chest.
Tony reaches for Steve’s belt buckle but then stopped abruptly, making Steve whine. That whine went straight to Tony’s dick causing him to shiver.
Tony smiled and got off the couch, “Let’s go Cap,” he said while leading the way to his room.
Tony shivers, five years together and all it takes is a look. A look to completely undo Tony and have him begging on his knees for more.
Steve sighed and gave in, “I said
Tony cocks his head sideways a little, “You’ve already painted me before.”
Tony gets these comments all of the time. He knows he’s good looking, he won’t deny it, but it still makes him uncomfortable.
Tony asks the seller how much for the painting of his building.
Tony leans down to kiss Steve and Steve whinces.
“Busy day?” Tony asks, striking up a conversation. Might as well take a shot.
“Australia was used to send prisoners to but in reality they just killed all of the prisoners at sea and told their relatives that they were sent to Australia,” Bucky shrugs, air quoting Australia.
Learning the language was such a big part of his early life. It took him a long time to learn it, being such a difficult language and all. He would get excited when he was able to form a new sentence that he would run out to tell Bucky all about it. Steve even tried to teach Bucky some words, the other boy eager to learn.
“Not what you thought it would be?”
Tony seizes up, “Did I just say that?”
This time when Tiny pulled apart he smiled, “Good Steve, that was good.”
Tony confusedly and obliviously walks towards the centre of the room that he so blindly missed.
Tony’s heart swoons, they’re onto nicknames already.
Tony is still holding Steve’s jaw, his soft brown bambi eyes staring deep into Steve’s dazzling blue orbs. Tony could get lost in those eyes, they challenge the ocean.
“Why’d you stop?” Steve muttered into Tony’s neck.
Steve looked up from his papers at everyone around the room, their faces all confused.
Tony scrambled for the bottom of Steve’s shirt to lift over his head and Steve stopped kissing him for a second, he stared into Tony’s eyes and Tony looked worried.
“All I’m saying is have you ever met an Australian?” Clint asks as if it proves his point.
“Oh that’s cold Rogers,” Tony whines while getting up to follow Steve.
Tony laughed, “I suppose you’re right.”
When Tony found Steve in the ice all those years ago this is not how he expected his life to turn out but he wouldn’t change it for anything. They worked together, they fought together, they fought each other, and they loved each other. Love each other.
Steve looked over to Tony and shrugged, “It’s big. And it’s neat.”
“You haven’t seen it? Oh wow. There’s a painting in the centre of the room that you might want to look at, I’m going to get Steve to introduce the two of you.” The man points towards the centre of the room where a faux wall sits with a single painting on it.
Finally Steve does something. He walks over to where Tony is standing and grabs his face, “Can I kiss you?”
Steve huffs a laugh, “But then I cornered you one day because I thought we had become friends and I missed you.”
Steve looked straight into Tony’s eyes, “I do have a date,” Steve confirms.
“I designed it.”
Pepper is sitting at her desk, “Go home Miss Potts,” Tony orders.
Tony stares at the man now only realising what he said, “Why would Steve freak out that I’m here? Because he painted my building? He’s painted a bunch of buildings.”
“Heya Cap,” Tony greets softly, frowning at his boyfriend’s current state.
“I’m warning you Rogers, if you die on a mission I’m gonna bring you back to life and then kill you again.”
“What about your date?”
Tony flinches, “I’m sorry.”
Steve peers at Tony’s nametag, “Thank you for the coffee, Tony.”
Tony starts hyperventilating, “I can’t do this Rhodey I can’t do this.”
Someone coughs from the doorway, “Not to break up this moment but the uh doctors are waiting,” Clint says, gesturing to the doctors standing at the foot of Steve’s bed to examine him.
Steve takes a deep breath, staring down at his shoes and avoiding Tony’s eyes. He busies himself by watching a leaf trying to blow past his foot. Tony watches Steve and waits for an answer.
Tony finishes making Happy’s coffee and brings it over to him before the bell rings again, indicating that another customer has arrived and Tony’s busy day of making coffees and wiping down tables begins.
“I hate both of you,” Sam exclaims.
Tony shakes his head and removes his hand from his cheek, “Steve has my contact details if you still want that new arm.”
“Sir, sorry for bothering you but Colonel Danvers is waiting outside for you,” Jarvis’ voice comes from overhead.
“What did you just say to me?”
He names his ai Jarvis after his uncle who helped to raise him.
Steve gets worried and Tony reassures him that it’s nothing bad.
Tony searches for more of the man’s work and falls in love.
At last Steve arrives and the room seems more full now. Tony will be the first to admit that he thinks the man is beautiful, pictures don’t do him justice. The way the lights above bounce off his blonde hair is serene. His dashing blue eyes could challenge the sky on a clear day. His smile is simple yet attracting, sincere. Broad shoulders but a thin waist. Tall, very tall. Or maybe Tony is just short. No he’s definitely incredibly tall. If Tony was to describe a perfect human being he would describe them like this.
“Can you teach me?” Steve hurriedly asked Natasha, betrayed by his own mouth.
Rhodey was visiting Tony and came to close the coffee shop with him when Steve walked in once again, asking Tony for a latte this time.
“I guess I should’ve told you what to do. You’re supposed to move your lips with mine, and close your eyes. It’s weird if you keep your eyes open.”
Steve walked over to the bed and sat on the edge, Tony crawled over beside him.
Tony looks confused, “I don’t hate him. But what does that have to do with Steve?”
Rhodey sighs and shakes his head, “I just don’t get it.”
“I love you because of all those things you said about yourself. I don’t agree with any of it though. You’re the opposite of boring. You’re far from a loser. And you’re the most beautiful person I’ve ever met, Tony Stark.”
Steve sat and thought for a minute, maybe today he could teach his teammates some Irish so they would understand him.
The bell above the door rang and in came Pepper’s boyfriend Happy. Happy isn’t his real name but Tony gave him that nickname after never having seen the man smile for as long as he knew him. The two of them have been dating long before Tony even started working at the coffee shop.
“Yes, and this right here-” Tony points to the painting of his building in front of them “-is mine.”
Natasha nods her head yes and leads Tony to Steve’s room where he’s lying on the hospital bed with a cast on his arm and his face scratched.
They wanted one child but the three kids formed a bond that Tony and Steve just couldn’t break.
Steve steps closer to Tony, “To me you are.”
Steve looked down at the man he was holding in his hands, bringing him to the SHIELD helicarrier.
Tony laughed again, Steve could always make him laugh.
Steve laughs, a haughty laugh, loud and crisp and beautiful. Music to Tony’s ears, and to his dick.
Steve shrugs, his smile growing as Tony’s frown grows, “I’ve never seen that in my life but it’s true isn’t it?”
Tony Stark was a normal human who fell in love with a superhero and it changed his life forever.
Steve looked at Tony with fear and uncertainty on his face, having no idea what Tony could possibly be confessing to him right now.
Tony feels like a cliché but he loves it. He feels a warm fuzzy feeling take over his whole body as he wraps his hands around Steve’s neck, pulling him closer.
The villain, whose name Steve couldn’t even remember, looked confusedly at Steve.
Everyone stops watching them converse, getting bored, and return to their own conversations and viewing of the artwork.
Bucky walks over to Tony and puts his hand on Tony’s shoulder, “It seems you like Stevie just as much as he likes you.”
“I’m going to kiss you again Steve, and this time I want you to kiss me back. And close your eyes.”
“I’m not ignoring you.”
“Something wrong sir?”
“Hi,” is all Steve says when he reaches the centre of the room, and Tony.
“I have to go and talk to some more guests now, but it was a pleasure meeting you Tony and I look forward to working with you soon.” Steve leans in and kisses Tony’s cheek briefly before turning around and walking towards a group of people.
“Team meeting in the common room in five,” Steve called over his comms and one by one, the Avengers trickled into the room, claiming various seats.
They arrive at the place where the exhibition is being held and Happy parks the car.
came from all of the Avengers as the ‘class’ was over and they all headed out to patrol the St. Patrick’s Day parade.
Tony finishes designing Steve’s new suit, the stealth suit he calls it. It’s an upgrade from Steve’s current suit and it’s navy.
He ran and ran and ran. He knew where they would take Steve, he’s been with him for a year now and Steve tells him everything.
“Morning Happy, you want the usual?” Tony greets the man.
Pro: Steve would have his first kiss.
“Promise?” Tony holds out his pinky finger.
“That just makes you sound possessive and paranoid.”
Steve mumbled under his breath.
Pepper goes to protest, she still has an hour left, but agrees after Tony gives her a look saying ‘Go home, boss’ orders.’
Tony looks up at Steve to meet his eyes, “How do you know my last name?”
Steve sighed, “I’ll follow your lead.”
He drinks some water to sober himself up and examines the painting. In the corner is a smaller signature: Steve Rogers 10/08/12
‘A lot of it’ how many paintings does Steve have related to Tony?
Steve started to frown and Natasha got worried, “You’ve never kissed anyone.” It wasn’t a question, more of a statement.
Steve was still staring at his shoes so Tony grabs his jaw gently and lifts it up until Steve’s eyes meet Tony’s, “Steve there’s no need to apologise. I love you and I love the jacket. I love how it shows that I’m yours and you’re mine. You’re the best thing that ever happened to me. Remember how we first met? You hated me.”
The man looks at Tony like he’s crazy and then something in his head clicks, “You’re Tony Stark.” It’s a statement not a question.
Tony doesn’t know what to say. Steve Rogers thinks he’s special. Steve Rogers uses him as his muse.
“I don’t know what I thought. But I’ve seen your lab and it’s not this.”
Con: He and Tony have only recently been put on good terms, this could also ruin their relationship.
Tony stopped for a second, what did Steve just say?
“I was thinking of how I should do this and I guess almost dying in battle made me realise I really don’t have any time to waste so here it goes. Tony, when I saw you for the first time in that coffee shop I knew that there was something special about you. And then you gave me your number. I never called though because I wanted to see you in person, ask you out in person. I got to know you, the real you and I fell even harder in love. You’re the best thing that ever happened to me Tony. You make me a better person, a better hero. We may fight, hell our relationship started with a fight, but that’s just who we are and that’s what I love about you. I’m ready and willing to spend the rest of my life with you if you’ll have me. So Anthony Edward Stark, will you marry me?”
Tony stares up at Steve with a mischievous look in his face, “What if I don’t want to be careful?”
“Hi,” Tony breathes out in response.
Steve laughs and shakes his head, “There’s enough superheroes in the world that they won’t miss us just this once.”
“Because I know how to fix the coffee machines when they break, and I fix them for a lower rate and at a faster speed than a New York City mechanic.”
Steve peeled of the top slice of bread to see if he got the correct sandwich and sighed, Clint gave him the wrong one.
This is silly, Tony is being silly. He’s just an artist, a magnificent, beautiful artist that Tony is only slightly obsessed with.
“Yeah, well he can be bolder,” Steve grumbles low, seductively looking at Tony.
“Just because he’s my best friend doesn’t mean we share the same mind. And between you and me, Rhodey loves the jacket, he just wishes he didn’t.”
The man blushes and puts on a shy look. It’s weird watching a big, strong man look so small.
“I know, and I heard you want to design my friend a new metal arm.”
Tony nods his head before looking at the man and noticing his arm.
“You’re not the only one who knows things around here. I had to do a background check on you if I was going to ask you out. Can’t have you being some deranged super villain out to kill me.”
Steve looked up at him to make sure Tony was being serious.
“You won’t be after I kill you for being so stupid. Going after Thanos alone like that, what were you thinking?” Tony says while lightly slapping Steve on his upper arm.
Tony usually asks questions first but since he’s being silent Steve asks, “How was work today?”
Steve groaned, “Can’t someone else save the world. You’re mine for the day.”
“Tell her we’ll be out soon,” Tony calls out rather breathlessly.
“Okay, Steve, here’s my contact details. Call me whenever your free and I’ll make time for you,” Tony’s ends with a wink.
Steve feels a chill run down his spine and a twitch in his dick.
“Yes Tones you did. You know it’s okay to fall in love right. And you know it’s okay that it’s Captain America.”
Everyone in the exhibition is watching them now, the staring and the comments make even more sense now. Tony also now understands the things Bucky was saying.
He’s never been able to make it to one of Steve’s art exhibitions before because of work scheduling but today he finally gets to go and to say Tony is excited is an understatement, ecstatic might be a better word.
“Can I have a medium cappuccino to-go?”
“We’re just going for a walk guys, see you in class,” Steve tells the group who were deep in a conversation about whether Australia was a real country or not.
He loves his family and he wouldn’t trade it in for anything. He loves his husband, his kids, his best friend, his old friends, his new friends, and his bots that he started to design and create.
Tony looks down at his lap where he’s playing with his hands and shaking his left leg, “I’m nervous.”
Steve looks up at Tony innocently, “Whatever do you mean darling.”
As he moves from painting to painting he is mesmerised by Steve’s brush strokes and colour choices. Tony stops at a familiar painting, his building. It’s not the same as the one he has in his office, he’s updated the look of his building since, obviously Steve has updated his painting too.
“So cappuccino again?”
Steve blushed, “Of course I’ve kissed someone,” he stammered, furthering Natasha’s realisation.
Steve stared at Tony, trying to find sincerity in his face, which he did find. Tony wasn’t joking. Who wouldn’t jump at the chance to snog America’s golden boy? And to be his first kiss too, that’s a bonus.
Tony hands over $100 and heads back to his office with the painting in hand.
It’s not like Tony hates the guy, he’s never met him. There’s just something about him that rubs Tony the wrong way.
“Why not?”
Tony shakes his head and breathed out a no.
Steve looks over to the person, which turns out to be people. His people.
Tony sighs, finally looking up at Steve, “I’m not that special.”
“I’ve missed you too, Tony. I worry so much whenever you go out there without me.”
Tony shakes his head, “I’m just a sad loser with dead parents and a wasted MIT degree. I’m pathetic.”
"Don't leave me," Steve says in a hoarse voice.  His eyes are brighter than before and there is something in his eyes.
Steve will smile and take the words at the value of Tony’s patent sarcastic tone. They will part, and that will be it for this thing. They’ll work together when the need arises. Tony will spend some more time in California, than New York, but he misses the sun and the crashing of the waves.
Along with
It’s a truth and a lie.  He’s gotten good at those.
Something in the back of his head starts screaming, so Tony looks away and scans the field for Thanos.  He finds him holding Strange in the grip of the gauntlet. The other man is glowing faintly purple, arms outstretched and held flat.  Strange jerks and Thanos growls before yanking his hand in.
Steve’s shoulders fall and he looks resigned, like he knows how this will end.  Who will be left of the two of them, and he’s preparing himself for it. Whether it is now or later, Steve is preparing to be the last person left.
anything.”
Some days, Tony thinks of the sitting room, Ana and Jarvis and Maria chattering and Howard watching them all at once behind his glasses.  He sees similarities in how the Avengers curl together in how Peggy wound around Maria and Ana, giggling like they were schoolgirls and not hardened spies.  Soft, fond looks between some of them as they watch the others like Ana and Jarvis. Mild exasperation in Daniel’s eyes.
“I understand the Iranian ambassador is not happy, but his troops were attacking a refugee camp.  You and I both know he doesn’t have a leg to stand on.”
Even Ana and Jarvis turn to look at him.  He fidgets with with board.  Maria is watching him with a soft smile.  “I think you can use it for your miniaturized circuit board design.”
Like why is the pulsing in his head is getting warmer?
Steve sucks in a breath. "But Pepper," he protests weakly.
Eventually, Steve pulls back, just enough to lean his forehead against Tony's and watches as Tony's smile curls, pleased and self satisfied across his face. He doesn't ask are you sure but something on his face must say it for him as Tony studies him back and his grip grows nearly painful on the back of Steve's neck.
Draft reply to 54985-466-8653
“Thanks Steve.  It means a lot coming from you,” he replies.
Tony ducks his head to hide the play of emotions on his face. Steve pulls him close and says nothing as Tony chokes back the tears he doesn’t want to shed.
T’Challa begins to drum his fingers on the table, and Tony has to resist the urge to flinch at the start of each succession of five fingers hitting the table.
“Good,” Tony murmurs as he leans in. “Can’t have you knowing all my secrets.”
The man on the table is angled away, but has long shaggy brown hair and is muzzled.  Tony's seen the pictures of Barnes in DC.  It's the same kind of mask.
Bruce had put a hand on his shoulder as he steered them both to the table, pleased smile on his face.)
He sips on a flute filled with fake champagne as he looks around the room, the scrawling sketches, painstaking detailed designs that turn into fully fledged 3D models painted until they look like scaled.  It’s a room filled with the statues to the past in the style of today.
(See the end of the chapter for
"No, J," Tony disagrees loudly. His fingers are flying across the keyboard, pulling in the basic profiles for the Avengers one by one for the program to take into account. "We need to have a few guys programmed specifically to attack our weaknesses. Pull out the list of the weaknesses per Avenger. Target our top 3. The rest of guys can just be be assorted mindless idiots."
He misses them, Tony knows. But he’s been missing them for longer than this Civil War of theirs.  He scrubs the plate and puts it on the drying rack.
He grips the piece of metal so hard it begins to dig into his skin.  Blood begins to drip down his hand. “Tony,” Steve says, and his voice breaks in the middle.  “Tony don’t do this to me. Don’t make me lose you again.”
"It's a lot nicer than mine," Bruce replies mildly, still not looking up from his tablet conversation with FRIDAY.  They are going through a list of things to order for the lab.
bring your suit by. i need to run a few diagnostics on my precious
You did all the hard work
.  Against the way Wanda looks out a window sometimes, fear deep in her eyes. Against the, what is it Nat says?  Oh, the red in his ledger.
“Re prioritizing work in accordance,” JARVIS says in his clear British tones.
He wonders, if he will remember the past few years when this is over.
“Still a no.”  He finds a stubborn knot on Tony’s heel and starts working on that.  Tony inadvertently lets out a low groan.
Steve’s faces eases for a minute. “Hey.”
"Want me to restock the snacks in here?" Bruce queries, careful not to say that this lab was never stocked for Tony's absent snacking habit.  If he has food in front of him he'll eat, but if he gets caught up in a problem, like now, without food?  Well, he just forgets.
Thor looks abashed, a rare face for him.  "It's considered a mark of a warrior in Asgard.  Something we celebrate, holding off Hel for another day.  My apologies for bringing it up."
Tony is four.
It was crushing, but something he has suspected in the moments leading up to watching the way Steve’s face had hardened.
Tony quickly puts the ferric chloride aside before anyone can catch sight of the bottle.  It’s dark outside, and when Ana looks the window, he waves brightly.  She smiles, waves back, before going back to the game.
She would forgive him the world.  But not those deaths, though.)
, he repeats to himself on loop.
Later, when he sinks into the bed with Steve, he says, "Fuck, you have to remind me to use my words more."
However, when he chuckles, everyone stands and points guns at him.  “Oh woah,” he says, modularized through his suit, which he had forgotten he was wearing  “Didn’t think I was actually here, sorry about that.”
“What can I do?”
“Save people,” he replies, thinking about his Captain America comics, and how Cap saved all those soldiers in the camps, including his plucky young friend Bucky from the evil Nazi scientists who wanted to experiment on them.
And finally, he can see Steve’s face in front of him.
it there, you know. And -”
None of them ask Steve to take a break, even though that’s what Tony would've done, undoubtedly. Maybe because they don’t have the strength to argue with him, not right now, at least. Or maybe they know he’s not going to leave, no matter what they say.
Tony might've protested, but he was too tired, and too exhausted from the past day. “Yeah.”
“I don’t like it,” Steve murmurs into his skin. “We should be fighting together.”
“But you gave me a home, and there’s nobody else I want to share it with.”
“I have no idea what I’m doing,’’ he confessed quietly.
It fades into background noise. Gradually, but it does, and Steve becomes all the more tender for it. Kisses on the forehead, gently stroking Tony’s skin, roses, the works.
Strange looks right at him, with all the cold professionalism a world-renowned surgeon has to have. “The pressure inside his skull will cause damage and he will be brain dead soon after.”
Steve stared at him. “What?”
Rhodey sighs. “I know it’s not been easy since Siberia, but we have to be able to be be a team now. And you need to sober up.”
Steve knew fighting his Omega wouldn't be easy. But as he looked at Tony across the airport field, he felt apprehension so deep it almost made his knees buckle.
Steve opens his mouth to protest, then closes it again, remembering that first and foremost, Tony would always search for the mistake in himself.
They played a lot of video games, apparently. Watched some movies and attempted to make pasta. It sounds so familiar that Tony almost has to excuse himself to his workshop to have a few panic attacks in peace.
He knows he has nobody to blame but himself, and he’s unable to look Tony in the eyes, knowing he’d screwed up whatever feeble hope there had been for them.
“He wants to, believe me,” Tony says shortly. “But you know him. He’s never going to agree to his if he thinks he’s hurting... if he thinks we’re not okay with it.”
Strange nods curtly and opens another portal, this one directly to the medical bay. Thor and Strange go first, Steve and Peter follow as if hypnotized.
Natasha as the very first; she’s learned to read Steve better than he’s comfortable with.
“I said I’m coming,” Steve repeats in that calm, steeled voice of his. “I’m half an hour out, tops.”
Tony’s shoulders fall. The fight drops out of him and leaves him feeling incredibly empty. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have...”
But Tony shakes his head with such an empty look in his eyes that Steve feels like he’s at a complete loss.
Rhodey slings a hand over his shoulder. "I got priority one on the give Tony shit list for being the best. And I gotta give anyone who is lower on that list a beat down."
Jarvis pulls Ana close, like he’s holding her up, and her eyes begin to well up.  “Oh,” she says quietly. “Oh, I’m so happy.”
T’Challa’s takes Bruce’s offered hand in a firm handshake.  “It’s my pleasure to meet you as well Dr. Banner.  Tony spoke highly of you before the fight in Germany.”
Wanda is curled into a chair, a cup of tea in hand. Scott is stretched out on couch near her, Sam leaning over the back of it watching her. Barnes has taken a spot against the wall, and Steve is peering at the mess behind her on her right with Clint on her left. But in the doorway stands T’Challa, who only looks at her with a heavy air.
"Fuck," Tony hisses as he fiddles with his wrist watch. "Must have miscalculated. Give me a second."
Tony grins back.  It’s crazed, but he’s a bit on edge.  The scene of Vision taking Rhodey is playing in his head, and what ifs are ringing in his ears.  He starts laughing, shaking down to his toes.  He bends until his hands are on his thighs, and Bruce lets him go as he starts chuckling too.
“We can figure it out,” Steve is saying.  “We can get it taken care of. I’ll take you into the Avengers tower.  We’ve got medical advancements these doctors don’t have. It’s something we can fix.”
Steve is staring at Tony and Tony is staring right back.
Steve thinks for a second, “I want to try something new, what would you recommend?”
Tony mocks a look of horror, “Oh no a punishment. Whatever will I do?”
Steve shyly smiled, “A student is only as good as his teacher.”
“You learn by doing.” Tony grabbed the back of Steve’s head with one of his hands, the other snaked its way around Steve’s waist.
Tony laughs, “His current one is ugly. It physically hurts me to look at.”
“Steve I-”
After coming out of the ice he was able to pick the language back up with ease. The language had evolved with time but was generally the same.
“I mean in person. Would you mind posing for me?”
“Are you afraid of me?” Steve asks so quietly that Tony barely hears him.
It’s almost six o’clock in the evening and the coffee shop is about to close when the bell above the door rings again. Tony is about to tell the customer to leave until he looks up. The customer is a blond man with gorgeous blue eyes. He’s tall, very tall. And muscly, with broad shoulders and thick thighs. He’s wearing a simple T-shirt and jeans. Tony might be in love. And then the man speaks.
“The wildlife seems pretty improbable also so there’s that.”
Tony is rambling about how useless he is and Rhodey is telling him the opposite, “You’re not useless Tones. You’re brilliant. You’re an inventor. You’re so smart. Steve would be lucky to be with you.”
Steve smiles, “I can’t help it Tony, you’re just so beautiful.”
“What’s going on?” Steve was a patient man but he’s starting to get annoyed.
“But then you kissed me.”
Tony doesn't see what’s so special about Captain America when there’s plenty of other superheroes out there; ones who can fly, ones with real power, ones that aren’t so annoying.
“You look ridiculous,” Rhodey dryly laughs at Tony.
Steve faced forward, hands in his lap fidgeting. Tony grabbed Steve’s face and turned it to look at him, “I’m going to kiss you now Steve.”
They have their usual conversation as Rhodey watches from behind Tony, he’s in uniform so Steve salutes and greets him appropriately.
“That piece of junk? Why would you want that?”
“You shouted at me.”
Tony just shrugged his shoulders before replying, “He speaks it so often I’m surprised the rest of you haven’t picked up on some words. And besides, everyone knows that Cap doesn’t like cheese.
Steve shouted at the latest villain the team has just defeated.
Rhodey stops laughing, “You love him?”
,” Steve replied nonchalantly, smiling back at Carol.
Tony meets Happy outside the front of his building, “Good evening Happy,” he greets as he gets into the passenger side of the car as Happy closes the door for him.
“You look even better in person,” someone, a woman, tells Tony as he walks by.
“Are you still open?” He asks softly. That voice sounds familiar.
“C’mon mister we better get going, we got a world to save and all that.”
Steve grins, “I think killing your husband is a criminal offence.”
“How come the rest of us don’t get this treatment?” Clint asked, faking a hurt expression.
“You’ll be late.”
Natasha walked over to him, “Just take her to a nice restaurant. Try not to talk about work or how you don’t know how anything works. When it’s over walk her home and if she’s willing, give her a kiss.”
“I asked Rhodey for permission you know,” Steve mentions when they break from their kiss.
“Fine we’ll go save the world or whatever but afterwards in taking you to a nice restaurant and buying you roses and chocolates and a teddy bear and we’ll go for a walk and just be a stereotypical annoying Valentine’s day couple.”
“You speak Irish now?” Natasha questioned while raising her eyebrows at Tony.
Tony very rarely called Steve by his name, only in times of dire stress in battle.
If someone says this to you then the response is
Steve reluctantly shook his head yes at Tony.
Natasha is watching them from the doorway and smiles at them. It reminds her of her old boyfriend James.
“Tony stop daydreaming, you have coffee to make.”
One of the kids gets bitten by a radioactive spider, another turns out to be inhuman, and the last found a nova helmet belonging to his birth father.
Tony just about melts right there. His name coming out of Steve’s lips is just about the most sexiest thing to have ever been said ever in Tony’s opinion.
Steve stood up and grabbed Tony’s hands. Instead of pushing him off though he helped him take his shirt off. Tony smiled, and Steve took off Tony’s shirt. They began kissing again, Tony wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist, which is unfairly but beautifully proportioned to his shoulders.
“Whatever you’re into man, it’s $20.”
“What if I was daydreaming about you Pep?” Tony says dreamily while smirking at Pepper.
“I could make a better one.”
“Is something bothering you Steve?” Tony eventually breaks the silence.
Steve takes a sip of his coffee while taking his leave, “You have a good night now Tony.”
Steve exits the coffee shop and Tony falls to the ground behind the counter and sighs. He’s going to be dreaming of Steve tonight.
For Steve, having a good relationship with his team was key, but Tony was offering and nobody else was around.
“Can I see him?”
Bucky runs over to tackle Steve as Clint cheers for him. Bucky and he kiss, a lot. They’re just not one of those touchy feely couples that have to kiss every five seconds to survive like Steve and Tony.
“Well hello mister eager beaver.”
Steve’s art may have saved Tony’s life. While drunk one night, Tony went out to buy even more booze when he walked by a street seller. He claimed to have authentic Picasso and Dalí paintings to sell. Tony wasn’t interested in art but a small painting in the corner caught his eye. It was of his own building, despite being drunk Tony could tell, he designed the building for goodness sake.
Sharing the football jacket is an old stupid countrywide tradition but Tony wouldn’t change it for the world.
“Steve.”
Tony started laughing harder and Natasha responded, “Steve, sweetie, I will not teach you how to kiss someone.” She put her hand on his shoulder and smiled, was that comforting or threatening?
“I think we should try one more time,” Steve suggested.
“Steve don’t worry, this is just the stealth version. I have a red, white, and blue version too. I know how much you love patriotism,” Tony salutes Steve as he says the last part.
Steve starts telling Tony about his own day but is interrupted by Tony shoving Steve’s completed frappe into his hand and walking away.
When Steve comes back the next day Tony ignores him, well tries to anyway.
“I could design you a better one,” Tony states smugly.
Tony couldn’t escape superheroes even if he tried.
Steve smiles, “I’ve been following you for a long time too, your building is beautiful.”
‘What kind of job does Steve have?’ Tony thinks.
Tony looks up from his computer and smiles at Pepper, “Thank you Miss Potts, I’ll be down in a minute.”
“C’mon Rhodes, don’t you want the whole school to know just how in love you are.” Clint was making kissy faces at Rhodey to which Rhodey responded with a crisp middle finger pointed in Clint’s direction.
“Aww our resident virgin just got more virgin-y,” Tony laughed, putting down his tablet.
Over the next few weeks Steve would continue to come to the coffee shop near closing time, order his coffee and wait for Tony to close up before he walks with him to his apartment. Most of the time he goes in with him to relax on the couch, or eat dinner. Sometimes he’s too busy with work and only took those few minutes out of his day to visit Tony, which Tony appreciates greatly. Sometimes they do more than just relaxing or eating.
Happy nods his head yes and heads over to a table in the corner. Tony shouts to Pepper telling her that Happy has arrived.
How does this work? Do they just go for it?
“Yeah no shit I know.”
“I make a mean Americana.”
Steve is sitting on the edge of their bed, Tony standing in between his legs. Steve grabs Tony’s hands to hold, and fidgets with his fingers. Tony glances down at their fingers and smiles softly, how did he get so lucky?
Tony hands Steve the cup and smiles, “Try not to work too hard, Steve.”
Tony drops the empty mug he was holding. It was lunchtime and he all but sprinted out of the coffee shop.
Steve nodded his head, what else could he do?
“Of course I’m afraid of you. You’re Captain freaking America.”
Once again, Tony leaned in and Steve closed his eyes, waiting. Their lips connected and they moved them together in perfect harmony. When Tony started to lick Steve’s bottom lip Steve knew that this was the part where they’re supposed to use tongues. He opened his mouth a little and Tony shoved his tongue in and started swirling it around Steve’s mouth. Steve tried to follow his lead, putting his tongue in Tony’s mouth, making their tongues dance together. It felt weird, Steve liked it.
“I thought you hated Captain America?”
To say Steve was nervous was an understatement. After weeks of pestering from Natasha he finally agreed to go on a date. Except he’d never been on a date, and he’d never kissed anyone.
“Always.”
Tony stands there touching his cheek shocked.
Steve and Tony just leave, their friends oblivious to the world around them.
“I didn’t say anything”, Steve responded with a grunt, his side was stinging from the battle and his forehead was bleeding.
“Did I do something?” He asks Tony after ordering a mocha.
“For you sir, of course,” Tony flirts, raking his eyes up and downs the man’s body. Tony loves having fun, and when does a man this good looking ever walk into the coffee shop?
“C’mon Tony breathe with me okay. In and out. In and out. Good, keep going. In and out. In and out.”
When Tony hears it on the news his heart just about breaks.
Rhodey knows Tony wasn’t always okay but this time Tony really is good. He’s been so much happier with Steve around.
“You didn’t do anything.”
“My name is Natasha, I’m a friend of Steve’s. He's always talking about you.”
Tony looks shocked and looks into Steve’s clear azure eyes, searching and scanning for sincerity. Tony finds it and nods his head a little.
Honestly, half the time that Steve speaks most of the team zones out because it’s just righteous mumbo jumbo.
Tony never called Steve by his name before. It was always Cap or a series of nicknames. But never Steve. Steve thought this showed realness, softness, kindness. He liked this Tony.
“Good evening sir, you excited for tonight?”
“Ready for your big date Steve?” Natasha smirked at Steve as he walked into the common area.
Tony says his name softly, like it’s the most beautiful name in the world.
Tony was breathing heavily and leaned his head on Steve’s forehead, “You sure you’ve never kissed anyone before?” He joked.
Steve and Tony get married that spring and Tony is welcomed into the superhero community. He designs suits and weapons for anyone who asks and is finally able to bring his ai to life after getting the material and funding from shield.
“Because you’re the best guy I know,” Steve replies. And it’s true, Tony is the best guy he knows. Tony is amazing and smart and funny and beautiful and humble and flirty.
“Yeah he’s my best friend.”
Steve smiles and bends down, brushing his lips against Tony’s.
Steve could feel Tony’s growing erection against his own thigh and smirks. He leans down to kiss Tony but instead pecks his cheek before getting up and walking away.
Tony laughs, “He is but I love him anyway.”
“I love you too Tony. I never wanted you to see me like this. I never wanted you to worry.”
“Happy St. Patrick’s Day, Steve,” Carol cheered as she passed by him in the tower, decked out in a green necklace and a ‘leprechaun’ hat.
“I guess we should all start saying it, how does it go again?”
“I’ve called you here today because it’s St. Patrick’s Day and I figured I could teach you all some Irish words considering I speak it so often and nobody understands me,” Steve explained. Everyone agreed to stay and learn some words from Steve. Tony was already fluent by now but he decided to stay anyway, he loved watching Steve doing mundane things and he loved listening to Steve speak his mother tongue.
A man with a metal arm walks over to beside Tony, “Beautiful right?”
The third time, he wakes up to a sleepy hospital room.  It’s mostly dark, so it’s easy to take a look around at the blurry outlines of things.  Machines, waiting chairs, a Steve like figure in plain clothes in the corner bathed in a soft blue glow.  He thinks,
“I have to start patrol at 7 at the latest,” Spidey says as he follows them up the stairs.
He looks away, because it hurts to look at Steve, face eased in sleep, not in movement, not rushing, not fighting - not angry.  He can barely remember Steve before all of this, splitting bagels on the roof, grinning at him across a room.
“The rest of the Time Stone has disintegrated,” Thanos replies, head bowed.  “Dear Death, beloved, I cannot finish a quest that you started in ill faith.”
(Clint had been the first one, bleeding out between her fingers, from her bullet. “You’ve got good rattling around in that head of yours.”
“I didn’t raise you to believe in the inevitable or destiny,” Maria shouts.  “I raised you to make the most of a situation and then solve the problem.
Tony longs to say something, to tell him, it won’t be him.  He’ll be the first one to follow the pattern everyone in his life takes, one step in front of the other until they are just barely too far away for him to reach for.  Even if he tries, they are gone. He can’t catch up.
It goes both ways, though.
Natasha nods before passing him a sheet of paper from her desk. "He's good, and Pepper has him NDA-ed to the hilt, so it's safe."
it's short, but yay words?
still smarts, has narrowed lenses as he watches Tony from a distance.  The others are passive in their observations, but Tony feels on display and it makes the feeling in his hand harder to ignore.
Tony presses his arm against in a quiet thanks.  “Want to head back?” he offers.
The dream opens up like so many of his recently.
Steve knows that Tony keeps his heart close, locked down and barely lets anyone in. Pepper and Rhodey have wormed their way, and he’s cautiously accepting of the rest of them. He keeps the rest of them close because they need to be able to train as a unit, to set out and take down HYDRA at a moment’s notice, but it’s nothing more than that.
Anything fond.
It feels like a death.
"Took the words right out of my mouth," Cap -
She looks sheepish before she mouths,
What he doesn't say is
“Tony,” Steve says.  “Tony, don’t.”
It feels like it’s supposed to be surprising information, but somewhere in the back of his mind, Tony already knew this, even though he didn’t.  Doesn’t.
ALSO CHAPTERS WILL BE SHORTER I AM NOT BUILT FOR THIS.
Shuri rolls her eyes, “I already told you everything you needed to know.”
He puts the board aside and straightens, spine cracking as he over compensates for his hunched posture for too long.  He discards his goggles, and turns off the light he had on before tracking Bruce’s movements.
Tony never believed that Steve was inhuman, but he's too good.  Always right.  And something in Tony itches at that.  Wants to play the other side, prove Steve to be human.  That he is fallible.
If he keeps busy, he doesn’t have to think about the fact he’s in a plane full of people he should be arresting.  The mere fact he is fighting side by side with them is going to cause problems. That Spider-Woman has been a Skrull for longer than he was aware and knows too much.  Not think about the fact he had just had to fights against someone - some
Steve pauses, careful.  “Honestly?”  Tony nods, impatient.  “Trying to make sure you’re still here.  Kind of surprised we’re both still there.”
There is a noise in the distance.  “Friday,” he queries. “What is that?”  And the screen in front of him tries to triangulate in the lower right hand corner as he takes down another speeder with a repulsor blast, and then has to duck at another whale goes crashing down almost on him.
Steve stands there, silent.  Judging.  Tony smiles, ragged and worn down,  “Just like the real you.”
Tony grins recklessly.  “I wouldn’t do that.”  Bruce huffs as he gathers the plates and mugs scattered across the table.
Once, he had said,
“He smiled more when you came into the home,” JARVIS returns.  “He began to balance his life and spent less time training and chasing after the next ‘bad guy’ as he likes to say.”
Tony reaches up, trying to grab onto the edge of the bed to sit up and becomes aware of the sensors on his hands, temples, throat, and chest.  He stills and tries to study the room and sees Steve huddled in a corner.
Bruce's fingers twitch but he ignores the comment.  “Do you have fine hairs on your skin that allows you to stick like a spider?” Bruce queries as he grabs the tip of the paper and pulls.  It stays attached to the kid’s hand.
New them.
“Are you sure you want to do that?” Tony asks.
Cap clears his throat. "Steve. Call me Steve."
"She's already enlisted you hasn't she?" Tony asks after a moment of silence.  "Fuck, I give up.  All my kids like you more than me."  He takes a sip of his smoothie.
Vision, from behind him, with Wanda walking close at his side, hands almost touching, narrates, “Peter has taken the lead with point 1056.  Captain Rhodes now takes second place.” Rhodey waves it off, halved over from laughing too hard. “I maintain third place, with Dr Banner in last.
He sits up, finally, and there is Peggy’s smile softly beaming down on him.  He reaches up to touch it, and his fingers slide through the image.
Wakanda is a beautiful as T’Challa brags.  The green of the forests ease into small pops of silver for gleaming the technologically advanced cities.  People point as he flies by, but there is no fear.  No jeers.  None of what he has gotten used to in the United States or Germany or even Vienna.
and there are a few giddy snickers that seem more nerves than humor, if Tony’s honest. “ - back up,” Steve finally finishes, looking frustrated, and a little like he wants to punch something.   A face Tony is intimately familiar with, and once, knew how to handle.
The floor is slick under his feet, and he tightens his grip on the piece of metal he has tight in his left hand.
“Yes boss.” The machines in the room hum a little more loudly, and Tony half hears a
“So your kids,” Rhodey mutters, dropping his head on Tony’s chest.  The thud echoes down his false sternum.
If he thinks too hard, it’s like before, right before.  He’s still not all there. There is something nagging him, but he feels under water.  In the clouds. Like there is something he is skipping, missing. Tony is missing something, and it feels like a limb.  But he’s counts, subtly twitching fingers and toes and knows he still has them. There isn’t something he’s missing.
Tony snorts. “You didn’t before.”
“So you could say I have impacted his life negatively,” Tony says, finally, and lets his head fall between his bent knees.  He can feel the pull on his spine, the tightness there. He stretches forwards and feels the pull ease.
Tony brings the glass to his lips again as he looks away. “Considering I’m going to burn the world down for you,” and he waves around the compound they are sitting in, encompassing all of them. “You know I am too.”
Steve squeezes his hand.  “He already was, and he was so proud of you.”
Steve presses closer and closer, and Tony has to roll his head back and keep from screaming as Steve angles just right hitting the spot that makes his vision explode. Tony fights past the feeling, because he has to watch Steve.
She takes off, out of the view of the camera after.
Tony glances back to him, and he's watching Tony now, tablet on the table for now. Tony shrugs. "I think we need to take on some crazy things to get our attention focused on working together. And if it's something we can't overcome alone, the team will be forced to work together to win."
When there is an issue with a piece of software, an engineer runs their code through a debugger.  It helps them take a second glance at everything, step by step, until they can find the source of the issue.
They will go out and get burgers or other food and Tony will tell him something, light up while he explains and Steve will sink into the feeling of Tony's undivided attention.
“I’ve known this entire time,” Tony returns.  “Why would I report you to the UN now?”
“I’m too early then,” Tony murmurs, but Ana looks like she catches it.
Tony takes the hand in Steve’s lap and puts it on Tony’s chest and thinks
Strange opens his necklace thing and shows the broken green stone.  He traces the jagged edge and Tony knows the rest of that is somewhere in the back of his mind.  “When the stones were made at the beginning of the universe, thousands of beings were sacrificed to create this amount of power.  The creation of the stones meant peace, so the beings went willingly.” He meets Tony’s gaze, “Can’t you hear the singing?”
Again. Again. Again.
He slowly lets go of Steve’s hand.  But Steve doesn’t let go, holds on tighter, like he’s keeping Tony here in this moment with their laced fingers.
“Colonel Rhodes says dinner is ready and you ‘better be on your way’.”
Tony pats the head of the helmet on Peter’s head.  “And this is why you are my favorite.”
Steve closes his eyes, against the thought and Tony's loud
“You always were a stubborn motherfucker who was shit at deadlines,” Tony mutters to himself as he corrects some of Howard’s lines, balancing out the equation in a more elegant way.
“I did not,” the other man intones.
Bruce’s shoulders go up, and he grabs ahold of a nearby chair.  “Tony that isn’t the problem at hand.”
Noticing is always the beginning of the problem.
Tony can feel his eyebrows furrow and starts, "Steve, what-" when Pepper's phone beeps.
Tony glances over at Rhodey, and their eyes meet. Rhodey quirks his lips. Tony leans his head on Rhodey's shoulder for a beat, then two, then three before pulling away. "Such an asshole."
It’s like someone else has stepped underneath his skin and joined him there.  But that is what the stone is, he guesses. It’s familiar in a strange way, Tony notes, and maybe he’s always felt like this and he’s only known it now.
("We don't ask about what happened in Siberia," Vision had quietly mentioned one night.
Natasha shrugs. “We need him to improve.”
It's relief that fills him, hot and burning down his back until it settles somewhere in his stomach.
Tony nods softly, putting his tasting spoon in the steam dishwasher.  The glowing counter takes the note of the salt he just added to the sauce as it records his recipe in real time.  He puts the lid on it, letting the sauce simmer a little longer. “Hank,” Tony starts before he stops.
"Family."
“Betrayed by both my children!” Tony shouts.
Tony is studying him. "You are sorry for how I found out or that I found out?"
She shrugs as she curls into herself on the couch. “Depends on the day,” she says with a smile.
She begins to build a timeline and pulls up the leaked SHIELD documents, pushing aside her own files and digging deeper into the ones for the government. There are some from five years ago, around the concern of Thor’s powers, the smaller sightings of different heroes with powers. She begins going through leaked memos on the Watchdogs, concerned feedback bordering hate speech from senators and heads of departments.
"Even in Siberia," Steve confirms.
“Already on it boss.  The council does not want the Avengers to engage in this conflict,” she states.
Tony waves his hand.  “Yeah go do what you need to.  I’ll be here.  Pretending to be a starch instead of a Stark.”
Bruce chimes in.  “You’re my favorite of all of Tony’s daughters.”
The camera catches Wanda as she whirls, energy building at her feet until she is flying.  The anchor exclaims something, but Tony knows the wide arch of her energy, how it whirls around her hands without her moving.  “Shit,” he hisses.  When he looks to Rhodey, his face is grim as well.  There is an explosion, and Wanda has a man in the air, sniper rifle hanging limply from his hands.  Red energy encircles the gun until it’s crushes into a metal ball.  She keeps the man in the air, encircled in the cage of red, as she lowers them both to the ground.
Even with everything that has changed in the world, between them, Tony is a constant.
“Don’t Bruce,” Tony hard lines.  “I asked once and was turned down. I’m not the desperate girl at the dance.”
Where are you
T’Challa’s face eases into a grin.  “I believe you bring out the worst in me Tony.”  He waves to the guards who quickly move back to their stations.
Rhodey grunts and there is a rustle of sheets. "What am I missing here?"
“What did we used to eat on the roof?” he whispers, urgent to make sure this is real.  That this is really Steve. His Steve. Not a Skrull, LMD, or anything else.
you had a nerf gun fight without me?! For shame.
“Schedule me some basic work Jay.  Remedial classes until we’re back to fighting weight.”  He says and he slots the circuit into the tiny toy.
The battle field is still paused but the green has faded from everyone.  The heavy weight holding them in place let’s go, but many are affected by the appearance Death and fall to their knees, aliens and superheroes alike.  Tony stumbles but very carefully locks the suits armor so he can’t fall.
It's grateful, painfully so.  Her blink is slow in response, deliberate even.  Like it's nothing, putting herself in the middle of a deep analysis of her entire mission record.  Like she talks about her past with them, ever.
He turns, and catches Sharon’s eyes full of things left unsaid.  Of Rhodey beyond her, Peter, and everyone. He takes a single step, and then another before she rushes him, pulling him close.  “Tony,” she whispers, and he remembers his father leaning over his mother once, as she was bleeding out on a couch and Peggy tied to piece her back together.
“Hey,” Steve says, tracing patterns on Tony’s hips. “You with me?”
She whacks him in the arm, but it’s Daniel who crosses the room and grabs onto Tony.  His grip almost too firm, but enough to root him in the now and not the sudden pain swimming in his system.  “You know me. You know who I am.” He meets Tony’s eyes, trying to say things he can’t get out. “I always take care of you,” he says, softly.
It wasn’t a choice, this honor and sense of duty.  Their Gods demanded it, and in turn, they had been blessed with the traits their families had inherited.  A closeness between physical and spiritual. A balance.
No one can fix him.  This is who he is now.
Death is inevitable in their line of business.
"Okay," he says. "Okay."
“What about me?” Tony laughs.
, he thinks.)
He is stretched out across the couch, his feet in Rhodey’s lap as he skims the patent application for the exoskeleton.  “How about ‘the amazing legs’?”
Tony is four, and after that moment, his dad never looks at him exactly the same way again.)
He’s careful not to look back until he’s halfway across the city, and even then, he had to ball his hands into a fist as he does it.
Vision is staring at him, but something in his face has eased. Something like understanding in his eyes. "Stay with me buddy. I just got to get over this hurdle. I'll get there eventually. It's just going to take time."
Tony looks blearily down at his two day old shirt, three day old sweats and empty coffee cup.  "Peachy," he replies before putting his cup under the coffee maker.
He looks up, back at Steve.  It feels honest, painful, but real.  “You had to have known.”
Tony starts shaking, feeling like he is going to rattle out of his skin. He buries himself further into Steve, uncaring of how it looks.  Just knows that Steve lets him.
“In another timeline, the removal did kill you,” the other acknowledges, and Tony can feel his throat close up with that line.  He isn’t ready to go yet.
There is chatter as the interns point and stare.  Tony lightly pulls the tablet from Pepper’s grip and open her email.  He taps out a draft before handing it back to her. She scans it quickly before sending the notes to the ARC reactor unit team.
Dad had been, for a long time, moaning about the inability of his team to catch up to Intel’s 8008 integrated chip.  He had been over sketches upon sketches. He had ripped apart televisions, the first personalized computer, the Datapoint 2200, but nothing had been done.
"It's part of an Asgardian’s abilities to see the marks my people have left on mortals.  Hel is a jealous type, she leaves lasting marks on those who escape her grasp." He dips his head.  "You have escaped death many times."
Something Tony sees in the mirror sometimes.
Widow flips around a robot weaving around trying to find a weakness. It moves with her, slower but still fingers trailing after her every shift. Cap tosses his shield which the robot bats away easily. It gives Widow the time she needs to find a gap in the armor at the neck and start tearing out cords.
(“Why is there a couch here?” Steve asks one day when he finally gives in and comes down to the Tower’s lab.
Maria had been angry though, reckless when she sneered and said, “Oh of course, only you and Peggy can mourn him while the rest of us sit outside the door.  We can’t breach your inner sanctum.” She had grained then, vicious. “I wonder why you and Peggy never married but you would make each other miserable, but did you never realize that two miserable people were better than four?”
“I think it’s your turn to go under the ice,” it sneers, and for a single moment, Tony is glad this isn’t Steve’s face.  He wouldn’t be able to handle this if it was Steve’s face staring back at him.
“Let me go at him again,” Thor yells, banging on his armor.
Tony turns on his heels, wry smile on his lips.  “Gallows humor,” he replies. He sees Steve’s unsure posture and adds, “I’m still getting used to everything.”
Rihan, dark skinned with bright eyes steps forward.  “I lost my leg two years ago in Kurdistan.  I have a prosthetic, but if we can make metal armor, why can’t we make a leg that could match my other?  So we created this beauty.”
"No General. I did not tell Captain America about your under the sea prison. How would that conversation even go? You had me monitored while I was there, after I left, and I wouldn't be surprised if you had all of the NSA manpower pointed at anything with my name on it."
“I lost the kid,” Tony says, stumbling and Steve catches him, like he hasn’t been able to do a hundred times. Like he had done before a million times.
Pepper looks up as Tony slips into the empty seat beside her.  Her face slackens with shock before hissing, “Tony what are you doing here?”  There is no heat behind her words.
“We’ve made contact with an actual alien?” Peggy’s voice rings out around the room.  Tony blinks, and looks down in horror to make sure he is clothed, because Peggy Carter seeing him naked is one of his worst, most pervasive nightmares.
Luke barely refuses to let him out of his sights, and Danny doesn’t do much these days that is less than half a step behind Luke.  Peter, and
"Five times," she says, quietly. There are tears in her eyes, and he knows she imagined it.  What it looks like, when death really takes.  "It took five tries to stick."
Bruce whirls around arms in the air, muttering obscenities and green crawling up his neck at a lazy pace.  Peter chuckles into his arm, and Tony pulls him in a little closer slowing down their pace. Rhodey catches his eye before staring up a spirited conversation with the others, so they leave the other two behind a little bit.
It takes days to feel warm again.
Tony comes in, with a wide grin and says, "
Afterwards, he perches back in his seat.  He grabs the rag from before and scrubs the design down until it gleams of copper instead of the black marker.  He studies his multi-colored lego prototype before nodding to himself.  The design matches.
He stacks the box on top of another, up to three now. He'll have to find somewhere to put them, maybe Sam's room for now.
Tony closes his eyes and knows, knows it down to the depths of his bones, this is it as Thanos starts sprinting to cover the ground, a loud roar echoing from him as he shoves everyone out from in front of him.
The hands on Tony tighten as the alarm blares, as Tony laughs hoarsely, at everything - at nothing in particular.  Everyone in the room is watching him in some level of horror. It’s like how people used to look at him back when his only title was Merchant of Death.  But Rhodey is close at hand. Trying to keep him together as it all becomes too much for Tony, with the rest of the world peering in at him. Looking for the cracks, the places where he has glued himself together.  It’s almost nostalgic.
Other him laughs the collective chuckle of him at every age, all at once, before stepping forward.  “Oh Tony,” it says. “You can’t see yourself in the same light as the rest of the world. You see yourself in how everyone view you, but when my siblings and I chose to hide, we chose the brightest sparks.  The ones who could protect us from any and all.” It reaches out and cradles Tony’s face in it’s hands. “You were the one I knew could keep me safe from the hordes as long as you could. You were one of the few who would use my powers for the best.”
Tony doesn't get a chance to ask before he's debating improvements, mind whirring away at the next version, a better version.
I don’t even know if you got the phone.  T’Challa swears you did, but I’m not sure.
Tony scoffs.  “Talked?  When the hell have we ever talked around here.  We save the world, have a few socializing events and then disperse.  Or that’s it seems to work for me.  I notice all the SHIELD kids buddying up together.”
He's not meant to.  Tony makes a joke about having more lives than Jon Snow after one particularly bad mission chasing down Hydra.  Thor, who is back, looks to him and declares, "You carry the blessings of Hel on your soul."
Tony is softer spoken, rubs his eyes frequently, looks surprised when Bruce speaks back to him, smiles small things, barely a shadow of the grins he puts on for the press, but they warm the core of Bruce.  Reminds him why he came back, why he decided to help out.  Why he stays.
Tony looks back down to the case and takes a deep breath before pressing his finger against the scanner.  It beeps loudly in the silence of the room.
.  The end."
(They both know Tony had cameras on them, but Tony still likes to hear what Steve caught.  His impressions.)
He picks up a Wakandan blade and lops Thanos's head off.
But the past is the past, and Tony can’t do anything but try and keep her and the other alive.  So he reaches down and the gems basically leap into his armor, two to the hands (power on his left and the rest of time on his right), mind to his forehead, soul on one side of his arc reactor and reality on the other side.  There is a surge when they bond with the suit, and stories of the past users flicker before him, their tales of woe and how the stones twisted them. How they could twist him.
Tony looks up from where he has been sketching out a few designs for a stationary bike with a napkin and a couple scraps of paper.  Steve sets down a mug of coffee, because he's used to this now, after months in the compound together.
Tony fakes an overly dramatic swoon, hand to the forehead and all. "It's like you are trying to be unnecessarily cruel," he accuses after he straightens.
“Well, now I’m sure you were right,” Tony says sincerely.  “We have to get bigger.”)
Tony swallows down anything with meaning, any real words.  He doesn't make eye contact and begins to explain the new modifications to the suit, "So you keep doing night missions and red, white and, blue really aren't great for that."
“I have a faulty heart,” Tony says, once.
That doesn't mean he isn't picking up on things as he observes the group, as he watches Tony.  He's got the beginning of a hypothesis, the bare bones of an idea, but he's waiting, before he explains it to anyone.  Wants more facts.  Wants more proof.  Wants to be wrong.
Tony looks up from his contemplation of the training fields to Steve.  The other man in standing like he can barely hold himself still, staring out the windows too.  His gaze darts across the landscape, searching for something.
“Tony,” Steve replies softly.  “It’s been a long time for me. I understand what you did now.”
It's taken nearly 50 years for him to learn that, but Tony won't be his family.
Tony waits until he looks up, and when Steve does, Tony is careful to meet his eyes and hold his gaze. "Thank you for telling me."
Tony shrugs for a moment.  “Maybe get some sleep.”
“I can’t look him up,” Tony admits softly.  “I can’t know he died from some fight that burst out on the tower.  I don’t want him to have died of a broken heart after me. I can’t know that if that is what happened.”  He looks to Steve. “If that happened, I need you to lie to me. I need you to tell me he died, surrounded by the people he loved.  He died in his sleep, happy and healthy.”
The haze when he looks down, the inability to see the ground.  The lack of greenery. The way the sun is too large and too close clues Tony into the fact the Earth isn’t doing too well.
Keep the rest of us safe Tony
I will.
Tony clears his throat and goes back at the gauntlet.  It seems small in his hands.  Too small.  “FRIDAY, reach out to the UN panel to see if they want us engaged.”
He gave up the last time, and this time he can’t help but want to try and figure it out.
He’s half aware of the virus eating at his brain, at his limbs, at
Tony grins.  “It’s good to be home.”
Bucky shows up, metal arm whirring and between the three of them, they push the alien back. Natasha joins, wraps herself around Thanos' arm and swings her entire body around it, making it release the younger version of Steve Thanos was grappling with before falling back to Strange.
(Sometimes Tony wonders if Steve has a back up plan for if he can't make it already dreamed up.  Or if Steve comes up with them on the fly.
"What?" Steve repeats.
"Only a true nerd would know that Legolas," Tony returns. He takes to the air to survey the landscape. The room is really the size of 2 football fields, so they robots will be slow going as they boot up, but the smaller ones will make it across the space pretty quickly.
“I,” he starts before grimacing and finishes the glass before standing up. He pours himself another finger or three of scotch, tasting it before starting up again. “I keep looking down the line at the next five years, ten years and beyond even, and wonder if it’s worth it. If any of this,” he gestures with his glass. “Is worth what I am going to have to do to make it okay.”
Panther had been pissed about not being able to take out Winter Solider, but Tony had promised him fifteen minutes alone once they figured out what the hell was going on.  It wasn’t like he hadn’t tagged the suit in case he needed to shock some sense into the King.  Probably would have landed him in the RAFT, but whatever got everyone to shut up and sit down.
[2] (Russian) Diminutive form of cat
“Protecting you,” Barnes says in his perpetually rusty voice, like someone is dragging the words out of him, but his eyes are fierce. “He’s making sure you’re safe in case they get him. He’s protecting you from him even.” He meets all their eyes, staying the longest on Steve. “He was just hoping that you would help him.”
Rhodey deserves that, at the least.
Peter is the one who finds him, passed out, puke besides him, and panics until FRIDAY explains what to do to make sure Tony doesn’t pass out in his own puke.  (Tony watches the footage later, and clenches his fists so tightly that his nails break the skin of his palm.)
It's the first step any developer takes when trying to troubleshoot a problem.
She tilts her head, eyeing the door as it opens and thinks,
Thanos throws off Thor, lightning cracking over his body, and calls out, “Attack them!”
“I said drop by,” Tony says.  “Not barrel roll into my lab and freak out the guy who has a condition tied to his heart rate or the guy with an actual heart condition.”
(“If he comes,” Thor murmured that one night they had sat outside and spoke on Thanos.  “Half of us will die.”
“I’m trying to do as you asked Aunt Peg.  I’m trying really hard,” he says, staring out that damn window.  “Starks.  We bring all the attention in the room on us.  You need to keep the attention off your work and your family.”
"No," Tony responds, "But I wanted to know what to expect when it did happen. I wanted to make sure I was prepared for the challenge."
He smiles at Steve, who is very barely breathing. Tony looks rueful.  "Heart condition, you know?"
"What?" Tony barks. His shoulders feel like they are sound his ears, tense and aching.
But he doesn’t give in, just wraps the other hand into Steve’s hair, and yanks, pulling at the spikes and trying to pull them closer, intertwine them in ways they in the only ways he knows how. Steve’s other hand drifts further down, down the curve of Tony’s spine, fingers trailing until they curve around his ass, gripping on tight enough that Tony goes a little breathless for a just a moment.
They almost don’t make it, and when they get back Steve can’t stand back any more.  He watches Tony across the room during the party, and he knows it makes Tony uncomfortable because Tony carefully avoids looking at him.  Steve can’t help it, keeps looking back to make sure Tony’s still there, because he almost wasn’t, and Steve can’t handle that.
“Thanks,” he says. “I needed that.”  She doesn't say anything.  Doesn't need to.
(One night when he wasn’t supposed to be up, he had heard Howard and Maria shouting, and he had huddled near the banister, hidden in the shadows as Maria has yelled, “You are going to kill him with your inaction.  Are you willing to create another Steve Rogers for you to carry as your cross?”
He stands and wobbles.  Bruce stays in his chair, carefully not projecting his study of Tony as he moves.  "I think I need some food," Tony chuckles ruefully, running a hand through his hair and throwing it into greater disarray.  "Blood sugar must have plummeted because it had to be a normal hour if you're here."
The boy with her hair and eyes hadn’t gotten the same courtesy.
Steve moves in slowly and Tony watches, beard twitching and giving away the smile threatening to spread across his face. His lips brush for a second, before pressing in for a chaste kiss. Tony chases him as Steve pulls away after a moment, half on top of Steve when their lips press again before peppering kisses all across Steve’s face, obnoxiously loud.
Dad takes the board and inspects it, lips melting into a frown.  “Tony if this doesn’t work, I’m going to be very angry you bothered me with this.”
" agent is using to pick him up.  He nods, quietly, and Tony just grins, even though Steve can't see it.
They’ve been fighting wave after wave of Chitauri for a while.  Tony’s taken to the air, trying to get the airborne speeders and whale things down for the contingent on the ground.  Wanda, War Machine, and he have been working with the higher contingent. Strange has been working with Vision and Falcon on the groups skimming above the ground fighters.
“Uh,” Tony stutters.  “No. I’m just an intern cleaning up everything here.  It’s a bit of a disaster. Mr. Stark is kind of terrible at cleaning.”
But if this keeps them alive…
“What do you mean too earl-” she starts before she is cut off by a singing Jarvis, The Beatles blaring in the distance from a radio.  She looks sharply in his direction, and Jarvis suddenly stops in the middle of
Jarvis would putter around, nervously watching the women in his life bond. Howard would have a cigarette in his mouth, a drink in hand and look up every once in awhile from his sketches strewn across the coffee table, his eyes soft and fond.
clear enough for Steve to hear, but she also knows he’s desperate to make this make sense. To make it feel like he didn’t abandon Tony back in Siberia to a fate potentially worse than death. That he didn’t destroy everything they had, and be completely wrong.  She had clung to that same hope when she had left Tony in that German hospital, praying to anyone that she was doing the right thing.
The display’s low whine of alarm increases in pitch and Tony can feel the mask giving a little bit with every thrust into it.  He reaches out blindly, trying to grab it’s arms, flailing a little before the Skrull’s weight is lifted for a moment, and Tony rolls over only to hit the ground with a sickening thud.
“You watch me,” Tony returns, a little angry.  He pauses and the next time he speaks, the tone is bland, careful.  They are still walking on eggshells - even here in Tony’s bed.  “You watch me like a creepy stalker I should probably get a restraining order from.”
He smiles, soft and slow. “I wouldn’t have likened you two to have come from a similar stock. But I can see it.”
Peggy jumps up and trains a gun on him.  “Who are you? How did you get in here?” She states.
Steve is at the kitchen table when he hazily walks in.  He has the TV on at a low volume, some animated kids thing, and a sketchpad in hand.  Tony stills for a moment and looks around for a clock.  “Why am I not the only person up this late at night?”
Steve doesn’t scream, but it’s a close thing.
He takes in a single shaky breath and closes his eyes, feeling the other man disappear under his grip.
Spidey’s shoulders slump.  “You’ve been holding that one in, haven’t you?”
He carries most of Tony’s weight to the compound, tired and too light, far too light. Eventually, they both admit defeat and Steve carries Tony in both arms all the way to the infirmary. He sits and watches Tony slip into a medicated sleep, until Pepper rushes in, barely holding back tears.
, he thinks, knowing that Tony was never his, never will be.
From:
while gasping for air and feeling like he was going to drown again.  Trying to feel like he was human and grasping for the deepest parts of him that he knew were real in this nightmare that his life had become.
“Thank you.” Steve breathes out.
Tony shrugs.  “Don’t put your life on hold because I am still adapting.  I’ve got some gadgets to strip down and rebuild. If I’m going to be of any use here, I need to figure out how technology works.”
Steve swallows down a sudden fear in his gut. Time travel.
“He’ll be okay,” Peter says, voice shaky.  “Super soldier, right?”
“Just try it Dad,” he urges.
“We’ve finally found Captain America,” the anchor breaks in.  Her face is lined with tension.  “He seems to be fighting a team right now.
“Didn’t think you liked it,” Tony mutters. “Thought you wanted this more casual.”
Steve is careful, still, after a year.  He makes sure his words are clear, constant.  Something Tony knows Sam hands him books on.  “No more assumptions,” Steve repeats.
Rhodey grins.  “If it’s annoying, then I am doing my job right.”
When he opens them, Rhodey is falling, and he’s on the ground in Germany watching a version of himself trying - failing - to get to him.
We need so much more testing
He keeps going until he’s standing in his room, barefoot and surrounded by glass, bent metal and shredded paper. Stuffing rolls around on the floor, and Tony stands in the middle of it, not fucking caring, because he still hurts. He’s nineteen and raw all over, wanting to cry
“JARVIS is the house AI,” Steve says before coming to a stop in front a room. “He’ll answer any questions you have.”
T’Challa brings a hologram in the middle of the group before he steps closer to Tony and rests a hand on his shoulder.  Between the two men, Tony feels steadier, but careful avoids the eyes of everyone in the room.
“Yeah,” Steve confirms. “Make all the assumptions you want.”
From 54985-466-8653
, he thinks, and doesn’t see the mansion with Ana and Jarvis waving at him.  Mom sitting in a chair with a glass of lemonade in hand, or Dad pouring over papers in his study.  He sees Vision, Rhodey, Bruce and Spidey around a dinner table, Pepper.  There are more, if he looks, but he doesn’t look this time.
He only thinks about all of it when Steve talks about Bucky, about his fears of who his friend will never be again, about who he used to be, about what he means to Steve in the dark. They are secrets whispered into his skin, marked into the hollow behind his ear. They are the moments in between, the moments after. The ones Tony clutches close to his breast in the moments like this.
-you know who
So yay!  Have a 4K idea of all my feelings on Wanda.  Basically, I love her but girl crazy, with good reason.  (The next chapter is stuck, and I am about to admit that my outline is so out of control that I have no idea how much longer this will last.)  Also IT IS SO NICE TO WRITE SOMEONE OTHER THAN TONY.  OMG.
"Burns, a penetrating injury -"
Tony stills.  “Well, I -”
“I know because I know you,” Steve retorts.
The Captain is moving as quickly as he can, tearing through the soldiers with little regard for their own health and safety, unlike the lectures he used to give about minimal public damage and injuries to others when they were going after targets.  After D.C. and Sokovia, they were trying to keep as low a profile as possible.  He and Widow get to Falcon about the same time, and they block their discovery from view of the camera.  Red Wing hovers nearby, vigilant about the sea of moaning or unconcious people around them.
They have to reveal themselves in Wakanda because they get caught sneaking around. Tony is loud and keeps all the eyes on him, while Steve is careful to carry a different body language, tactical gear and mask hopefully helping.
She kisses his forehead, and against his own will, his eyes dip closed and he keeps them shut tightly as her hands disappear from his skin.  Or maybe it’s his skin disappears under her touch.
"List the types that qualify as major injuries."
Too late for me kiddo.  Save yourself.
"Good to know you know your craft Jenny," he replies. "Okay I know I am going to get this question about five hundred different ways, so let me answer this now this one time. Don't try to ask it again. I will skip you, even you Christine of my heart." The Vanity Fair reporter glowers at him in the middle of the crowd.
small without someone else’s help, old video or not.
[1] (Russian) Diminutive form of sister.  Basically the short form of sister, similar to “sis” in English
Steve falls back asleep after that.  Tony doesn't move his hand.
Tony stands there, in the midst of his crushed hopes, and takes a few steadying deep breaths before straightening his shoulders and heading back upstairs.
“Sketch,” Steve says, pained, like the million times before.
Peter has the legs off the suit out, using the extensions to get on higher ground as he tries to pin down some enemies for Rhodey to take out.  Clint is picking off the ones he misses from a perch above them all, and Natasha is rushing three or four enemies, not missing a stride even though her side is shredded.
. "I'm sorry I wasn't here."
“It was all them,” Perez returns softly.  “Also that leg from Mark II that you left on Peter’s desk a month ago.  I’ve never heard noise so high pitched come out of that girl.”
“You would think he would have a few secret children with the way he carries on and how birth control is very lacking in this era,” Tony scoffs, dusting himself off.  “But I’m a few women later. You know, those late in life babies to make the much younger wife happy.”
Tony lets out a long whine from low in his throat that is more of a wordless, animalistic thing than actual words. The damp pressure overwhelms him, sends feeling he has on fire and makes everything go black for a second.
Tony catches Clint smile, and Steve’s easy grin.  It’s an old Avengers protocol back from when they were training the second generation to become the primary team, after Ultron.  Keep the thing the enemy wants moving, from person to person through misdirection and active deception while having a few designated runners get it out of the battlefield as possible.
Tony reaches out for him and Steve goes easily, slotting into that place at Tony's side.
Peter takes in a rattling breath and grips the back of Tony’s suit tightly.  He doesn’t say anything, but there is something in his hold that says enough.  Spills words out like red wine on a white tablecloth, seeping and staining permanently.  Tony drops a kiss on his hair before Peter clears his throat, and they both step back before starting up the path again, until they reach the collection of others.
[1] Absolutely true about Mengele and Eichmann.  They both fled to Argentina, then moved to Chile during some upheaval of the Argentinian government.  They died of old age- Mengle in South America, Eichmann in an Israeli prison. The camps are absolutely real in Chile.  Argentina is more of a legend, except for the dictator leanings towards Nazi-ism.  The Hitler portion has never been 100% proven.  (I had links but notes don't like that...  If you want links to articles let me know!!)
"Sometimes."
“I barely had anything in the biomedical,” Tony scoffs.  “H.G. Wells sort of bullshit ideas that had nothing really practical behind them.  Whatever he did in that field was on his own.”
“What?” he says, eyebrow raised, but Steve doesn’t take the bait, just kind of sits back and watches.
The other had been too busy to bother this with.  Cap with his hunt for the Winter Solider, the missions that had been funneled their way by Maria Hill about various “Avenger level concerns”.  Clint had his family and his golf and retirement, even if he popped by every once in a while to visit.  Wanda had had the never ending well of grief she was trying to train away with her powers, too young and too broken that made Tony ache.
Tony squirms a little.  “What about ‘pirate legs’?”
He pauses, taking into account her face, her age, and the room.  “Oh god,” he murmurs. Her face contorts and her hand twitches like she wants to go for her gun again.  “You don’t know about Michael yet do you?”
And he's honest most of the time these days.  If only with himself.)
Tony continues to look to the right, and there is something on his screen blinking, but he knows this noise.  He’s heard it before…
Tony laughs, long and hard, enough to throw his head back and catch Steve’s eyes crinkle at the corners.  Steve has a deep seated respect of Pepper from the before days.  After, well after, she has cultivated it into a deep seated fear.  She is very proud of it, and Tony lets sleeping dogs lie more than he used to these days.
Tony’s cheeks hurt from smiling too much.  He puts a fist out, and Steve gently bumps it with his. “That was the plan Captain my Captain.”
Steve sits up and turns over to the edge, head in his hands as he takes a moment to push the nightmares back. Tony’s all too familiar with the feeling.  “It’s fine, Tony,” Steve replies. “I’m grateful.”
[3] (Italian) Cucciolo means “puppy,” “cub,” or any type of baby animal in general.
“The power of the stones has a corrosive effect,” Strange utters quietly.  He stands carefully, like he knows this moment is important, and he has to be careful to get Tony to focus on his words so they make the right amount of impact.
The familiar tug on his his stomach begins again.
But I do
Tony flicked them his way, the hologram big and bright between them.  "Sent," he smirked.
He glances sharply at Tony, who doesn't seem to notice. But the problem with the Tower that Tony fixed in the Compound was how the sound carried into the room.
The mass looks on warily.  Tony had chosen the lower balcony on purpose, so when T’Challa drops from the higher leveled one with barely any sound, Tony has to roll his eyes.  “Are you seriously this dramatic even as the King and not just when you are visiting me?”
Jarvis reaches for Maria, but she dances away from him with ease.  “No I won’t listen to this. You are filling his head with nonsense Ana, and I won’t stand it.”
There is a moment before a low voice says, “Yes sir?”
“What about the vibranium treatments that Wakanda is providing?” Bruce asks, eventually.  “That’s all I can see anywhere.  The technological advances they are providing.”
“I’m going but I won’t forget this betrayal,” Tony retorts, shaking a fist at the ceiling
Tony picks is way in a crooked path to DUM-E, carefully clutching the counters or bracing himself on the wall all the way.  Bruce doesn't follow him step by step, turns back to his papers and holograms.  He doesn't even feel guilt as he uses the Hulk given enhancements to follow Tony's progress.  The quiet murmurs to DUM-E as Tony sips the smoothie.
He opens his eyes, and Steve is watching him, intent. “I’ll be okay,” Tony adds. “I just…” he lets it linger for a moment, trying to find the right words. “That day is something I avoid thinking about. I honestly don’t remember much of that year. Just parts, starkly.”
When Tony dips his head in thanks, he takes in Steve’s eagle eyed stare of the two of them and then Peter.  He meets Tony’s gaze before giving one short, sharp nod and turns back to the group.
When he opens his eyes this time, it’s deep in the SSR offices.  Not the hidden ones, the ones hidden in the hidden offices that Daniel had taken him into one day, finger over his lips as he smuggled the nine year old into see his aunt.
His father runs his hands over the pages before spinning it around.  “What do you think?” Tony glances at it for a moment, making sure it looks familiar.  “It looks like you are on the right path.”
i’ll leave a window or something open for you
Peter stays for dinner and when he goes to leave, Tony asks, as casually as he can, "Did I ever tell you I set aside a floor for you here?  I can show you the room if you would like.  Bruce made sure I didn't go too over the top.  It's supposed to be a graduation gift actually, so uh, whoops?"
“Not after the Germany battle?” he voices.  Because they had had gatherings, he remembers, but Tony has been curiously separate from the rest.  Showing up from time to time, but never lingering too long.  Maybe they had been drifting for longer than he was even aware.
They walk the hallways for a moment, silent as Steve steadies out from the nightmare.  “So,” Tony says. “This idea has been running through my mind. It’s overwhelming - all consuming - and I can’t shut it off.”  He looks over at Steve and grins. “The exact same thing happened the day we found you.”
Steve leans in close, and Tony tilts his head as Steve places his hands on either side of his cheeks.  “So do I.”
“Unless they ate you,” Bruce interjects.  His grimace is painful, and Peter leans over and pats his shoulder sympathetically.  He says something like,
"Oh," Tony mutters. "Maybe that was me. Sounds like me anyway."
It was your person, and they needed you and nothing else mattered.
“You’ve outlived most of them,” Tony mutters, fingers outstretched to touch the hologram but not.
Tony shrugs. "I had some in the pipeline in case."
Tony opens his mouth to say something and suddenly there is light in his eyes and he blinks and then,
[1] (Greek) Psychopomp means “guide of souls”  they are beings of some sort (depends on the religion) whose responsibility is to escort newly deceased souls to the afterlife. They exist to guide and provide safety during the passage, not judge.
Vision smiles, a small, tiny thing. But it's real. Tony grins back.
When he catches her eye, he knows she knows anyway, like Natasha probably does. He just shrugs. "Keeps me busy," he replies, soft.
Instead of admonishing him for the in attention to the lesson, she merely taps his nose.  “What would you do if you could be a time traveler?”
more than the bleeding. “Snipers eyes, Red. I see better than you do."  He coughed, and there was too much blood.  "You’re just going to have to trust me on this one.”)
Instead, he keeps to the shadows more, no suits out and about.  He plays the other side of this game, like this, with the comms and support and leaving out new types of gear in the locker room that "isn't really a locker room come on Tony".  He does the clean up stuff, the philanthropy thing.
"Prepare for every situation," Tony spouts, weaving around the giant fist of a robot.
Steve knows him, Tony knows.  Knows his well worn patterns, his habits.  Knows the parts of Tony he keeps close to his chest.
Steve comes forward, “I’ve already called Rhodey, and he’s on his way.”
Steve glances back at the painting and sees the curve of Tony's smile. The eased lines on his forehead as he gazes out. It's the same way Tony looks at him now, has always looked at him. He shrugs at Tony. "I think I was too stuck in my own head."
Tony knows Bruce’s heard about Vision.  Everyone has, even in remote corners of the globe.  That’s what happens where there is a merchandising deal around a superhero group.  And a cartoon.  And other assorted things on the internet Tony pretends he doesn’t know about, but FRIDAY categorizes with a glee he definitely did not program into her.
He’s still going to blame you.  Loudly.
“Tony,” Bruce breathes out.
“I think you have more than you realize,” T’Challa responds.  “Let me know when you plan to visit.  I have more than a few things I would like to show you.”
Steve aimlessly licks at his boxers, and with every swipe, Tony feels more and more pressure. Feels like he cannot breathe, cannot think, cannot do anything beside raise his right hand and curl it into Steve hair and hold him there.
"Call me," she urges.
Tony rubs the bridge of his nose.  “Shit.  Okay.  Video call?”
There is a tug of emotions across Howard’s face and Tony remembers a lot of things.  Remembers how it felt to know he was the thing that his father failed at. Remembers the way his mother’s face fell as Howard kissed her and absently pat his head.
He uses the upraised hand to clip Falcon’s wings with a quick repulsor blast, watches as he crashes into the snow.  The impostor goes green slowly, and that’s how Tony knows he’s dead. Natasha’s long haired and tries to take him out a new gunshots that bounce off the suit.  She comes at him hand to hand, and Tony aims for her face when he shoots. He watches her turn green before looking in the distance for the third.
"Always boss," her tone is warm and sincere, but Tony want to believe but can't because JARVIS used to say that, and he's gone now. "What about the shield?"
When Tony doesn’t feel like he’s going to drown today, he turns to Yinsen, who is watching him closely.  “Again?” he utters, voice raw.
“You’ll never speak of it,” Steve mutters.  “But Pepper definitely will.”
Steve tears his eyes away from Tony and watches the shadows moving back and forth in front of the glass. It's Clint settling beside his frame, and something in Steve clenches, because he knows this moment.
Something in Steve seizes at the idea. There is a denial rising in his throat, loud and urgent, but it gets stuck before he can say anything aloud. It burns, the thought of Tony looking at him the way he always looks at Pepper, soft and endlessly fond. But he knows it’s not real, it’s not something that is happening.
"Cameras?" Steve questions lowly.
The hand on his shoulder tightens.  He thinks about Rhodey.  Falling and not being able to make it in time.  Pepper glowing.  He thinks about 1,188 people.  The millions before that.  He thinks about the three that it started with, a Humvee on fire in the middle of Afghanistan.  Tony has to remember to breathe.
He has nothing else, but he does have Steve.  He can carve something out of this. He can make it work until he solves the problem on how to go back.
“Continuous improvement young padawan,” Tony retorts as he focuses back on the suit.  He expands out the web system.  “That is how you get the best products on the market and keep a billion dollar company running.”
Tony doesn't say anything like,
His eyes go back to the screen, ignoring the cozy scene of the rest of the team crowded around the tablet with JARVIS narrating the various footage or information in front of them.
I had nothing to do with that.  It’s standard protocol we set up after Ultron.
(And other times, Steve wonders what it would be like if he was in love with Tony.)
The silence in the room fills him to the point of bursting, too much silence, not enough thoughts in his head. The clink of the dishes helps. Moving helps more. Focusing one by one as the dishes get picked up and put away.
After a few hours, Bruce collapses into the seat next to Steve’s. He’s still in the baggy pants the Hulk wore during their fight.
“He’s just...”
. “This is the best way to go about it.”
Steve clenches his jaw. He’s seldom let himself hate people on principle, but in Ross he sees everything that tore his team apart.
(He considered, just for a moment, if he should let Peter have Tony’s room, but he couldn’t make himself go through with it.)
“I should go look for him,” Tony says, both to get out of the situation and because he knows that Peter will still be upset.
“Are you okay?” Bruce repeats patiently. “I know you two were... close.”
Tony breathes in deeply and goes to get the old burner phone from his nightstand.
“Wow, that’s gotta be one interesting fridge.”
Partly, because he doesn’t know if Tony will reject him.
Tony can’t see Peter’s expression, but that’s okay. He needs both of his father’s right now, and above everything else, he knows that Steve will always care for their son.
As soon as the glass is set down in front of them, Steve grips it with both hands, as if he doesn’t know what to do with them.
“Justin Hammer.”
Natasha just looks at him. “If that’s true, how do you think he feels? Tony Stark, trapped in his own body, completely dependent on others, with no means of communicating.”
“I will,” he whispers, heavily. “Tony, I will.”
Peter seems to be completely frozen next to him, so Steve gently places a hand on his shoulder and asks “Can we see him?”
“Thank you,” Tony hurried to say, then immediately ruined it by letting his mouth talk on without a filter. “I’d tell you where everything is but I’ve never used the kitchen except for the coffee machine.”
Tony’s eyes met Steve’s and he immediately averted his gaze. His gut churned uneasily.
“Tony,” Steve said before the other could go on rambling, “This is amazing. Thank you.”
“If- When we get them back, watch out for him. He’s, he’s going to be scared and if I, if I can’t -“ His voice breaks.
Tony closes his eyes for a second, but it doesn’t do anything to soothe the protective anger that’s running his mouth. “You better be. ‘Cause I’m the one who will have to deal with your fuck-up. Again.”
“Tony, are you alright, I’m so sorry, I don’t -”
But he doesn’t want to run from them. He wants Peter to have a family as normal as possible, and he’s never, ever missed this.
playing in the background like so many evenings before this one.
(Almost suspiciously.)
. That bastard. When I find him I’m going to -”
Steve’s almost glad. He doesn’t want to hear how that sentence would’ve ended.
The diplomat snorted. “Excuse me?’’
The first day Tony’s back home, Steve sets about making the room as comfortable as possible. He moves some of Tony’s framed pictures downstairs, gives Tony the blanket he shares with Steve and has JARVIS read him the weather and his location every morning, just like before the crash.
Steve’s head was still reeling. “You don’t… you don't have to.’’
Steve is well and truly alone.
Tony didn’t comment on the obvious statement. He looked at Steve and remained silent, letting him take the time he needed.
screw this up.)
form the first snowball.
They put him in a private room, away from other patients and the prying eyes of the staff.
“I saw what you did,” Steve hissed lowly.
Tony scoffs. “Barely. I can do better.”
Tony tugged the blanket up to his eyes. “No, I’m pretty sure we don’t.”
But Tony just shakes his head, reaches out for him, and Steve takes him into his arms.
Silence spread for a few moments, but before Steve could worry about keeping the conversation going, Tony asked him “And how is Steve Rogers adjusting to this century?”
It gets better, after that day.
Peter stares at him, a myriad of emotions crossing his face. In between shock, sadness and anger, the betrayal there, that look so much like Tony’s did, hurt the most.
“Tony Stark, what an honour.”
Natasha just shakes her head.
The doctor doesn’t tell them much, just listens in on Tony’s heartbeat and breathing, frowns at it, takes his blood pressure, frowns again. Then, after putting his stethoscope away, he looks at Tony, who’s still sitting on the examination table and asks, “How long have you been having these symptoms?”
Steve meets his eyes, and Tony almost doesn’t care that he probably went too far just then.
Steve had then proceeded to agonise over what to wear, until Natasha had caught him doing it and gave him a fitted black shirt, a leather jacket and some jeans out of his closet. It was probably for the best he hadn’t dressed himself, and he thought (
“No, he didn’t.’’ Tony sighed. “But that was… not a good time, Steve.’’
For a split-second, they shared an alarmed look. Then, they jumped out of their chairs and towards the edge of the terrace. Tony was tapping away at his watch, calling one of his suits, Steve presumed.
“I wanted to tell you in person, I swear.” Steve’s close to pleading with Tony, and forces his voice to remain somewhat steady. “I never - I never wanted it to end like this.”
“Bet I could find a way to make smaller ones,” Tony grumbled.
And, fuck, he misses their relationship now more than ever.
Steve didn’t protest when he traced little kisses down his throat to his neck.
And yet, they’re barely holding their ground.
Steve shakes his head through his tears because no,
Peter’s burning up; it's never not been that way the few times he got sick after the spider bite.
The next time Peter’s away for the weekend, Pepper refuses to let him enter any office buildings. Apparently, hiding from his problems by drowning himself in work was “unhealthy”. (Tony just retreats to his workshop instead, feeling quite proud of himself.)
When Tony stumbled into the kitchen one morning, basically on auto-pilot and made grabby hands at the coffee machine, Steve could do nothing but stare. He was basically rendered useless until Tony had left the kitchen with his coffee in hand.
But Tony shakes his head again, more insistent now, and he continues talking as if he hasn’t even heard her. “I’m going to go back to Washington and then I’m going to make him stop saying that, he doesn’t even have any idea how hard we’ve been trying -“
“I’m fine,” he repeated once they were in the underground garage. “I feel quite good, actually.”
Steve presses Tony into the sheets underneath him, and Tony goes willingly, yields to Steve’s touch with so much self-evidence it makes his heart clench.
He kneels in front of Tony and carefully takes his hands. When Tony raises his head and looks at him, Steve speaks. Carefully.
The bots whirrs towards him, bumps his claw into Tony’s leg, almost too much like in concern.
“Yep,” Tony pipes up. “He told the wizard he’d be on his balcony, whatever that means.”
Peter crashes on a seat next to the bed, and Steve sits down beside him in silence.
“You want me to give up on Tony,” Steve says coldly. “Don’t waste your breath. I’m not doing it.”
“It’s called arteriosclerosis,” the doctor explains. “It can be a late effect of excessive alcohol consumption.”
“He’s alive,” is the first thing Shuri says, which is good, because the tension immediately leaves Peter’s body. “He has a few open wounds, fractures and tearing to his organs, but that should heal within a few days.”
Tony barely noticed time passing as their care made its way through the congested streets of New York. The city was still lit brightly by the Christmas lights, and they bathed Steve’s face in a warm, golden glow.
“God, am I glad Hulk and Sam stayed at the tower,” Clint grumbled when they’d finally managed to lock Steve out of the cockpit. “Imagine if he told Hulk he’s the strongest Avenger.”
Steve turned from where he’d taken the lasagna out of the oven and raised an eyebrow. “You haven’t even tried it."
When they flew out to fight HYDRA that morning, this was
“I’ve been gone for half an hour,” Tony deadpanned.
“Careful, Stark,” Nebula says. “Even without the stones, he’s way more powerful than you.”
Steve frowned. It wasn’t like he was looking forward to living in the cramped SHIELD headquarters, but forcing Stark to take in a bunch of Alpha’s be barely knew seemed sketchy at the very least.
How was he supposed to save Tony, where was he supposed to get the strength he’d lacked to call him, what do in Siberia once he’d turned back around; Tony clearly didn’t want to see him anymore, and he couldn’t very well leave Bucky instead.
And he was right, Steve realizes when he settles his hand on Tony’s waist. This does feel like happier times.
Steve stared at him, and Tony could do little more than stare back into those baby blues, helplessly and embarrassingly exposed. “Tony, sweetheart, do you mean that?”
“Good. Tell him that.”
“Tony asked me to look out for you,” he replies quietly. “And it’s obvious that he cares for you.”
When he was done, he turned around as if he only then noticed Tony was even there.
Clint stared at him incredulously. None of them ever so readily gave up the right to pick.
“Don’t leave,“ Tony repeated, entirely unbothered by Steve’s slightly shocked facial expression. “I don’t want you to leave.”
Tony always complains about Steve getting up “at the ass-crack of dawn”, but it’s a habit he can’t shake. Especially since he regularly gets to watch his gorgeous husband sleep during sunrise.
Steve takes Tony’s hand, like he’s done a hundred times and more since that fateful day, but it’s different this time. He doesn't even know who he’s trying to comfort.
They settled into silence, but Tony could feel months of unanswered questions burn in his mind.
This time, he knows Tony will be there too, instead of missing and probably dead.
“He won’t listen to you,” Tony snaps. “This is
As soon as Rhodey declares Tony sober enough, they leave for Wakanda.
There, nestled between hay and old newspaper, is a small duckling.
It’s bad, Steve knows that as much before he even begins to assess the situation with shaking hands.
Breath after careful breath, the world gets sharper around him again.
„An Omega?“ Clint supplied with a smile. “He is, but it’s not like any of us could make him do anything.’’
On the rare occasions the sun does shine, they take long walks along the coast to watch the seals and the birds, or hike over the hills, where the green grass stretches as far as the eye can see.
Steve clenches his hands and has to resist the urge to close his eyes. He knows Tony has little to no sense of self-preservation, but this is taking it to a whole other level.
Steve sighs. “I don’t regret not supporting the Accords. I couldn’t have signed them with good conscience.”
His hands shake and reach out for Tony almost on their own accord, before he remembers himself.
In his dreams, Steve keeps seeing Tony collapse in front of him, clutching at his chest in a vain attempt to get his heart beating again. He wakes up with heaving breaths and tightens his arms around Tony, as if that could change anything.
Tony sighs. “You haven’t adjusted to retirement at all, have you?”
Hell, this isn’t even his worst disaster, technically speaking.
Tony blinks.
Suddenly, Steve felt incredibly exposed.
Something sharp bumped into his foot. Tony turned his head and saw DUM-E, clutching Tony’s thickest blanket in his claw.
If she’s concerned at his utter look of.. caring, she doesn't show it. And Steve doesn't think much about it either.
Tony smiled wryly. Yeah, sleep. It tugged on his eyes and his concentration, but he refused to give in. He knew exactly what he’d see if he did.
Rhodey disagrees.
The two leave the room, leaving the rest of them in a stupefied state.
He doesn't let himself think about the what if.
Tony has to close his eyes for a second, push the memories away.
losing his cool like that in a room full of diplomats who were already on edge was not a good idea, he couldn't just let them treat Tony like that.
Steve flinches. The words impale themselves in his chest like a knife, and he can’t even defend himself, because they’re true.
But he doesn’t.
However, that feeling faded when Steve reminded him of the fact that they’d have to walk back, and the wind abruptly started to pick up.
Eventually, there’s a knock on the door. Steve keeps his gaze fixed on Tony, but out of the corner of his eyes, he sees the team silently fill the room, followed by Pepper, Rhodey and Helen Cho.
Steve swallows against the bile in his throat. As long as the metal is still in there, he doesn't have to worry about the bleeding. It’ll be fine, at least until medical gets to them.
He drops to the ground next to him, wraps his arms around Tony’s shaking frame and holds him. For as long as it takes for his panic attack to fade.
A few hours, at the most.
Luckily, they have a Hulk this time, and Hulk jumps and catches Rhodey like he weighs nothing. They crash into the grass just a few meters away from Steve.
Jealous, maybe, but that wasn’t the right word. Terrified. Sad. Lonely. Perhaps a combination of everything.
It’s late afternoon and they’re in one of their private training rooms.
Tony put a hand on Steve’s shoulder, partly to pacify Steve and partly to steady himself. “Steve, ‘m fine. ’S just Hammer.”
Which is why Steve assumes Tony spent the better part of the night out on the field.
“It wouldn't have worked out anyway,” Tony mumbled. “He’s Captain America and I’m…
Thanos isn’t happy about it either.
“But it’s true.” Steve frowned, seems to have trouble to find the words he wanted to say.
It was cold on the workshop floor. Tony shivered.
“And I don’t know if I’ll ever forgive you,” Tony adds quietly. “But I’ll try. I promise.”
Steve hurries to his side before he even realizes what his legs are doing. “I’m here.” He takes Peter’s hands in his, tries to ground him.
Peter looked down to the large snowball in his hands. “He shouldn’t see you today then.”
And now it’s right in front of him, slowly being strung together by his boyfriend’s loving touch.
Tony resists the urge to shift nervously. Steve was right; for the upcoming battle, they’d be in different groups - him trying to kill Thanos, and Steve trying to destroy the gauntlet once they get it form Thanos and bring back all the lives that were lost.
Peter’s eyes widen, but Steve doesn’t stop to let him talk. He knows his resolve will probably crumble along the way if he did.
Steve feels almost even more nervous than he did back then. Now, he’s got so much making up to do. He’s basically walking in a field of mines and every single one of them could destroy the second chance he’s been given.
Steve used to assume he’s good with kids, but now, with this particular kid, he feels way out of his head.
Peter would know he hadn’t eaten yet. He would know and he would worry, which was exactly what Tony wanted to avoid.
It only takes a well timed hit with the power stone, and Rhodey’s suit shuts down.
Peter pulls back to look down at where the reindeer on the fabric has gained some dusty white spots.
It’s one of the fastest phone calls of his life, and it’s nothing like what he’d prepared for.
Peter snorts, but it’s a cold, horrible thing. “So what? It only counts as fighting if you beat each other up?”
Tony’d always prided himself in his genius, but in that moment, Tony’s brain short-circuited. Before the logical side of his brain could stop him, Tony had already laid his lips on Steve’s. The kiss was light and careful, but nevertheless enough to wake Steve up.
It wasn't much, just cuddling on the couch, with
That’s what gave him the strength to talk.
Then it hits him like a brick.
“The ice made it worse, but even before...” Steve was staring into the fireplace as if he was directly looking at his past. “We didn’t have a lot, when I was growing up. Most of the time, the heating was broken and we didn’t have the money to buy more blankets.”
Steve stares at Strange. He’s never thought of himself as particularly bad with kids, but all of a sudden, he feels helpless.
“I don’t think I should be around Steve until he’s better,” Tony said instead of an explanation.
“You’re not gonna try then?” Peter eventually says. “At all?”
Normally, he’d associate all the music and the food and the lights with how cold and quiet his own childhood had been, but with Steve at his side, it all made him feel warm and fuzzy.
Steve’s places one of Tony’s hands on his chest.
Tony missed him, he missed him too much, and now he’s paying the price, fraying the tentative bond that Steve initiated after Tony’d landed in Wakanda.
Rhodey’s stern gaze breaks into a smile. “Just checking. I think you oughta do better being there for them as much as they want you to.”
Bruce was fidgeting next to him. “So, uh, how do you like it?”
Steve watches Tony leave, even though the worry in his chest tells him to follow. Even when they disagreed during their times on the Avengers, Tony never left meetings like that.
Steve stares at him. “Tony?”
From the very first day, Steve’s been disgustingly sweet to him. Wrapped his arms around him in bed, brought him roses from his morning runs, kissed him on the forehead and smiled that wondering smile, as if he couldn’t believe his luck. (Ridiculous.)
Now, it feels like they’re back to square one, and Tony Stark is out of reach again.
“I know I should’ve asked you, but I couldn’t just
Hammer willingly went backwards, but it wasn't like he had much choice anyway, with Steve pushing him further and further away from Tony.
“Are you okay?’’
“I can’t do this anymore,” Peter whispers, then turns around and leaves. Tony just so happens to see the first tears running down his cheeks.
Steve was staring at him. He’d always been staring at him. First with longing, then with joy, and recently with sadness.
“Of course I did,” Steve responds without hesitation. “I’m proud of you.”
Steve shivers at the memory. It’s like they’re debriefing the attack of an invisible alien.
“He has a few open wounds but none of them are life threatening. With him being in the middle of the explosion there will be blunt-force trauma to his organs, especially internal bleeding. He needs to get to a hospital as soon as possible.”
He can’t help himself. “Tony -“
He’s burning up.
(Of course.)
Steve’s stuck in a limbo, and everywhere he turns, Tony’s there, in one way or the other.
“Anything?” He asks, but Shuri shakes her head.
Tony flinches.
Bucky even told him he looked sick before he left, so there was that. Maybe people would avoid him instinctively. But that wasn’t why he agreed to attend when Tony asked him; the Maria Stark Foundation had suffered under significant cuts in donations, and if him being there would help to show people they had reconciled, then he’d gladly suffer for a few hours.
“Steve,” he says, way too calmly. “Hospital, now.”
“Dad?”
Peter eyes him for a moment, but seems to find whatever he’s searching for. He nods, and whispers a “Thank you” as well as “Tony would want you to sleep too though”.
The mattress dips as Tony sits down next to him.
Tony was contemplating whether or not convincing Steve that the kiss had just been a dream would work, when he came to a conclusion of his own. “You kissed me.”
“No, really,” Steve presses. “I know you’ve got a lot on your plate as it is.”
“Since the battle ended,” he clarifies. “We won, by the way. Which doesn’t mean you’re allowed to self-destruct.”
He shouldn’t have tried to lie to Peter. That much is obvious.
Tony can’t suppress his flinch.
But Steve made a promise.
The sun makes the ring on Steve’s right hand glitter.
It almost seems like he’s just sleeping peacefully. But his face is still so, so pale, and Steve knows that if he were to lift up the shirt just an inch he’d see bandages.
Tony was the center of his life long before the crash, he is now, and he will be for as long as Steve can help it.
The effect was immediate. Steve’s cheeks colored a lovely red. “This isn’t funny, Tony. Get under the blankets before you freeze to death.”
Tony knows he lives further away than that, but he doesn’t ask. “Hurry up.”
When they broke apart, they were both flushed, grinning at each other like idiots.
Steve knows he’s not even close to begin to comprehend what Peter’s death cost Tony. He doesn’t even comprehend what exactly Peter meant to Tony.
As Tony got the plates out of one of the cupboards, he couldn’t help but think about how scarily romantic this all seemed. The sun had already gone down at least, so they wouldn’t have to sit through the fucking
He hasn’t taken a shower yet.
He hasn’t lived in the Compound for long before the Accords, but it still feels like coming home.
(Well, technically Tony did see it coming. He just conveniently neglected to tell Steve.)
He felt hot liquid running down his cheeks, but couldn't place the feeling. He looked up.
“Terribly,” Tony replies. “You?”
“I mean it,” Tony stresses. “You go meet up with Steve as much as you want to. We’ve been over this.”
Tony’s fed up, plainly speaking.
Tony snorts. “Did you hit your head this morning?”
Jesus Christ. He’s a mess and he doesn’t even know any different anymore.
That stings; Tony can’t help it. “Oh, are you now?”
He remains standing where he is.
(Sometimes he wonders if programming her to be sassy was a good idea. Then he remembers, at the time he thought he needed someone like that - to make sure he would be stopped when self-destructing too much. A horribly inconvenient conclusion, really.)
Tony sighs and vaguely gestures at the mess on the floor. “I built him, would you believe that? And all he’s good for is mopping up glass. No wonder Howard didn’t...” He trails off, frowning, as if he hadn’t meant to say that.
Which worked, for about half an hour, and then Clint came barging in with strings of tinsel wrapped around his neck.
From that day on, they invite him to training every other day, and if Steve starts to feel truly grateful for the
To his surprise, Peter just nods and sits down. He reachers for a piece of bread and starts nibbling on it.
Tony gets risotto and Steve orders pasta, then proceeds to sneak these weird, almost shy glances at him.
“Steve. I didn’t know. I swear I didn’t. I got scared and I ran but I never… I didn't think that
But Steve’s lips actually tilted up in a smile. “I’ll just figure it out then.”
Steve was really staring.
His left hand has started to shake again, and Tony vaguely notices that he’s having trouble breathing.
Tony shrugs. “I’m not the real Tony anyway.”
“It’s not my fault!” he whines. “Dad started it!”
“Leave me alone.”
He hasn’t been the most healthy person for Tony to be around.
Tony smiled at his ridiculous grin and vowed to himself that he’d find Steve a present as well. It was Christmas after all.
“Yep,” Tony says again. “Prob’ly shoulda listened when he said we shouldn’.”
“Do you really think that’s what you ought to regret?” Tony asks sharply.
And Tony stands there and grits his teeth because there’s nothing he can do to make Peter feel better.
Tony groans.
“I know.” Steve tries to fight the lump in his throat and fails.
Steve’s brow furrowed, and yeah, it was a stupid assumption - they were both still fully clothed, and Steve wouldn't have slept with him anyway, especially not drunk.
“No!” Tony shouted, sitting up straighter, then winced. “It’s… I told you, it wasn't his fault. I have it handled.”
Tony’s voice still makes the warm feelings in his chest bloom. The way his long hair curls at the end, the wrinkles around his eyes, the kindness with which he handles Peter; everything has the longing in Steve’s heart grow stronger.
“I know you can hear me, and don’t make that face. You shouldn’t have started throwing sugar at me!”
cold, and he’d lived with his shitty childhood for way too long to still be so upset about it. Steve was probably already regretting -
Natasha isn’t impressed.
Tony smiles wryly. “Yeah, I really didn’t.”
Now, there’s only Tony’s comatose body in the MedBay, and for a fleeting moment, Steve wonders if this can even be called living.
They get through the first two Star Trek movies, and then it’s less than an hour until midnight.
“What happened last year, Tony?”
“You should show up to more training sessions. ‘S better for team morale,” Steve mumbled when Clint fought off the last HYDRA agents that tried to follow them.
(And after that, they have to hurry to get to their meeting with Ross.)
In the next few hours, he tries to pull himself together.
It was Christmas Eve. Normally, he’d be holed up in his workshop, on exactly zero hours of sleep and way too many coffees, doing everything he could to forget what day it was. And yet, he’d followed Steve out into the woods. He’d had fun, even. And he thought Steve did too, but right now, it was like Steve was consciously trying to get away from him.
Tony lays there in Siberia, aching from every inch of his body. His false rib cage is broken. The suit is still powered, running at close to 38%.  On his screen, the list of different systems damaged, or in need of repairs, requires scrolling.  Frost is beginning to crawl up his suit as he turns the internal heater down to conserve power.  He’s starting to lose feeling in his ears and nose.
More than he can afford to, if he's really honest.
, Steve thinks, and then discards, because that's more than Steve has ever had. And it makes him think too highly of himself. He never mattered that much to Tony. He had been fond of Steve, friendly even. But nothing beyond that.
Nodding, Tony turns back to the mug and wipes it dry in a few easy movements. He puts it up, carefully trying to keep the noise to a minimum. He turns back to see
“So, these tiny robots needs to do their work with amazing programming by me,” Tony gestures at himself with the last piece of his carrot.  He reaches over to giant blue palm tree platter on the counter and poaches a celery stick.  He tosses another carrot to Bruce.  “But what do we have them run off of?”
Tony will lean against the quartz of the wetbar to keep him up,
If he can get the gauntlet, or the stones, maybe…
Steve chuckles softly, and Tony turns his head back into the pillow. Soft fingers card through his hair. “I thought you wanted this casual Tony. I was trying to not make any assumptions.”
Smiling softly, T’Challa replies, “Ah yes.  He spoke about how much he missed your companionship and how you would know the right things to say in this instance.  He told many tales of how you had handled situations with grace and humility.”
Now, now after all the pieces have come together Tony gets why they never talked about Michael’s rescue, and why he had never shown up.  Just Sharon who lived more with her aunt than her father.
Steve puts a hole through a wall and then pushes through.
Tony's breath catches because he thinks
He sighs then and repeats, softer, sort of defeated, "Yeah I know."
“Okay,” Tony repeats before heading back to the lab.
Tony debates about telling her about Barnes but that...is something more involved than he know about.  And without his parent’s death’s, does he become Ironman? Is he willing to risk it?
The gauntlet powers up, and the shield come flying at him. He reaches out with the left hand and catches it with both. His arms shakes and the rim of the shield suddenly looks like it's from above instead of in front of him.
He tilts his head back, staring at the glass covering the ceiling.  Bruce is moving, Tony can see it in the reflection.  The silence rings in the room.
Daniel pulls him close and rests his chin on Tony’s hair, and it’s like he’s ten again.  Trying too hard to pretend like he isn’t clinging to Daniel, desperate for every second he can get here.  “We’re with you Tony,” Daniel promises lowly. “We’re always with you son.”
Most people regretted knowing him.  Why would she be any different?
like this is an actual problem they face on a regular basis.
He had sat to the right, windows at his back as he had worked on the scenario. JARVIS had been in his ear, softly telling him about changes he was making in the back end to the Avengers training scenario.
“Really well.  The leg works,” Tony says.  “It was a simple presentation, but they did it well.”
He keeps it close, worries about wanting to keep it close, and then pushes it aside and goes with the flow.
They move in unison, and he looks to the younger Steve, and they...merge.
Peggy takes another swallow before handing it back.
(He forgets for a split second every morning, while his brain moves from sleep to online.  Sometimes, he thinks,
Steve doesn't look down at the desk, at the small video she has looping of Clint from a pixelated security feed. He has a hood but, but he stops and holds up a hand to the camera for a second before looking directly in the camera.
Tony’s mouth falls open.  “Oh,” he says.  “Well I wouldn’t say no to that.”
They both reach out and Tony wraps his arms around them, securing them on his feet the best he can while locking his arms in place as he comes to a near stop and then rocketing upwards.
Rhodey’s eyes are dark.  “She shouldn’t be alone.  She should have back up.”
Tony's mouth opens, closes, and then opens again. "How…" He can't get any more past the lump in his throat.
The tugging begins faster now, and it’s takes him by so much surprise that he stumbles, grabbing a chair before taking that down with him.
Steve doesn't say anything as he puts the corn he's been slicing from a cob in a bowl.  The silence that fills between them isn't tinged with anything.  It feels like the moment after a fight, when they look at each other, sweaty and sometimes streaked in blood.  Happy to both still be here, relatively okay and making it to another day.
"You know," Clint replies. "You knew the moment I said something. You knew before."
, he thinks.
Tony grins, “I see her already.”
Her mouth thins and her eyes narrow.  “Who are you?” Ana asks, and stands up.  “There aren’t any Starks left besides Howard and Morgan.  But Morgan is far away.”
Fuck off
Then the pods start shooting again and again.  Tony puts Thor down and raises back up to watch the scene.  Thanos goes down under the light for a moment before he roars and the pods are eaten by a gaping hole in space that glows blue before shutting again.
-Avengers Press Release, May 30th, 2016
, he thinks.
“Okay,” Tony nods, after the moment has hung too long and the air is heavy with unspoken things. Things Steve won’t say, and things Tony seems to be biting back himself.
“I know,” Tony agrees.
“You are missing the point Steve,” Tony rolls his eyes.  “You always miss the point Steve. This isn’t a story about me missing people.  Of course I miss them. I loved them, but everyone dies eventually. This is about me being able to take apart anything and put it together since I was four.”
"I'm not living that one down for a while," he sighs.
Natasha doesn’t say thank you, not again.  Not with this distance between them and this fight coming, but her eyes say it all the same.  Tony shrugs it away, because he hadn’t done it for the thanks. He had done it because she needed protection, better equipment than something he had left her with years ago.  In return, she rolls her eyes before running ahead and catching up with Clint.
"No worries," Tony states.  "I can have FRIDAY order it, and I'll get to putting it away."
He levels the gun again, and Steve, in the midst of the distraction has been trying to move away.  There is a hand clutched to his stomach.  Steve stills and watches the man as he grins.
The half hearted wishes, dreams crushed under the snow.
"I know an evasion when I hear one Mr. Stark," she counters flatly. Tony grins widely at that.
He stays in his seat, watches the news and people give differing opinions about his motives, his face, his everything until Peter comes bounding down the stairs, chattering loudly with Bruce and Rhodey.  Vision fades into view.
Steve leaves, bag in hand, on his mission a few hours later grinning.
, something in him aches.  Tony swallows it down because he can’t wallow in that.  Not again.  Not anymore.
until all he has is the
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve pauses for a moment, taking a long look at Tony before turning back to the screen.  “They had a few generals who had advanced technology. Not any weapons, but they had the large whale creatures who were hard to kill.”
got used to version 1 Tony.”
Bruce doesn't give in, keeps watching Tony.  Watches as Tony takes another sip, kale and spinach work its way into his system, perking Tony up a bit.  "I've never been one to do what I don't want," he utters.  "I've made a career in following my own wants."  He waves at his heart rate monitor.
Pepper waves and leaves the lab, painting in hand and nothing else, and for a moment Steve wonders why the visit before looking back at the painting.
