Greg and Lady Donovan stared at each other, their eyes showing their confusion. But nobody spoke.
'The man who will show interest in that bowl is the man we need to talk to,' Sherlock said.
‘Liking it?’ Holmes teased, taking hold of John’s head and pulling it toward him, fucking his mouth thoroughly.
He had been adamant.
'So nobody can actually confirm who you are.'
Mike raised an eyebrow, ‘You’re really working yourself to the bone on that essay, John!’
,' John said and observed the merchant's reaction.
NocturnoCulto
Thank you all for reading the first chapter!
Holmes eventually stood up, ‘Too much going on lately, uh? A birthday party, a quarrel, and that unfortunate accident with your notes.’
was not the right word to describe what had happened – with Holmes was not in his morning plans. And he couldn’t confess he would have preferred to be eaten alive by an anaconda than to have three hours with Holmes without revealing why.
'He's near Tahla's stand, just down there,' she said and pointed to her right. 'Go down the street. Five minutes from here. He's on the left side.'
comes to the party,' Lord Anderson said.
The innkeeper, a sturdy man with a thick moustache, gave him a bowl with what looked like pork drowning in a slimy red sauce.
He thanked the woman and took the handful of fruit she offered him.
The spell was broken.
to trust him.
'Well, you didn't tell me this place was this big.'
Holmes picked up one of John’s books and started leafing through it. He didn't seem deeply interested in it. He just looked at one page, possibly read some random words, and went to the next page. The whole process, however, involved a good amount of finger-licking. To turn the pages, Holmes didn't simply wet the tip of his index, he stuck his tongue out and slowly - painstakingly slowly - slid the finger on it. The gesture was always followed by the tip of Holmes's tongue passing over his upper lip, and by a small bite of the lower one. It was practically watching foreplay in porn.
It tore John's heart apart. His mind navigated through all the memories of Mary he had: the midsummer celebration when they had met, the winter solstice when their union was approved, the spring equinox when they had finally married, the birth of their daughter only three months before. The daughter who was now sleeping curled into Lady Hudson's arms, unaware that the world has just become a darker place for her, for her father and for everyone else in the kingdom.
But again the merchant echoed, 'It's useless. The moment she'll turn around the corner, you'll lose her.'
‘Yes,’ John’s lips moved before he could think.
(See the end of the chapter for
'Where do you come from?' John asked.
John turned up his nose. He didn't have any problems with the local
Sorry for the long explanatory chapter, by the way!
John barely raised his gaze to look at the First Knight. He was too intent on staring at the black piece of marble before his eyes. Purple, yellow and red danced in blurred patterns on the cold stone, giving a sparkle of life where only death existed.
'Interesting,' the merchant said. 'What was the misunderstanding?'
Holmes arrived five minutes late, and John couldn’t help noticing how different he appeared in the daylight. The messy black curls of late night were now disciplined on his head, and his face was severe, with no hint of sexual innuendos. Nevertheless, John gulped at the sight and couldn’t discard a very vivid picture of pale smooth skin from his mind.
. If I have to sell a product I need to know my clients' tastes. If you come from the north you're unlikely to buy furs and potions to ignite fire quickly, right?'
The innkeeper came back and put down a wooden plate. Small sausages in a brown sauce, brown rice, peas, chickpeas, carrots and cottage cheese lay on it.
'You said
. And that was John's hold.
John thought but couldn't quite make up his mind.
'When did you revert to monosyllabic conversation?' the merchant said, sneering. 'Yes, he likes you. Quite rare. He doesn't usually like people who aren't useful to him.'
Thank you for reading <3
'It's a rarity. And it will serve to get a man's attention.'
The woman nodded. 'We were friends,' she said. 'We grew up together. My father was her father's right-hand man. It felt natural that I became her right-hand woman.'
He was curious. He couldn't deny that. That merchant had an eerie influence on him and John had to admit that he was fascinated by him. Yet fascinated wasn't the right word. It was a mixture of curiosity, interest, fascination and fear. Curiosity because he was different from any other person John had ever met. Interest because Sherlock seemed to know more than he disclosed. Fascination because it was like being under a spell: being able to see the person but not quite able to get the whole picture. Fear because he could still be the enemy, a spy sent to check on his every movement or, worse, an assassin sent to kill him.
was I requested to meet him.
'Why?'
'I understand,' John said.
. She had always been the better strategist of the two. She had been born in a country marked by war; she grew under the shadow of the Glorious King, her father Frederick, the man who won the Five Years War and stabilised the realm. John, coming from the Mountain Territories, had only lived the echoes of the wars going on in the plains. He was a skilled warrior, nobody could deny that. But he lacked the logical, cold side. Mary, on the contrary, had been both an amazing fighter and the coldest calculator. All this while never forgetting her human side. Sacrificing a town or a battalion had never been an easy choice for her, but her spirit and presence during every battle had given soldiers and citizens alike the strength to fight on, resist, win when every hope seemed lost.
'I think Mary would have liked it,' Lady Hudson said. 'The funeral, I mean.'
John swallowed hard and, at the same time, felt his blood rushing southward. He turned his head in panic and looked at Sholto who was chatting with a couple of girls.
'Oh,' the merchant continued, 'nothing dramatic or lachrymose. Both my father and my mother died before I could form memories of them. The first memory I have is the city of Mellom in the north - I was four, I think - and an old merchant took me under his protective wing. I’ve been travelling since that day, so you might say I have no fixed origins. But I’ve been here for a while, so you might say I’m more of a Zuali than anything else.’
'You can't get your head around it?'
John had insisted too.
He made for the exit, leaving John rather dumbfounded. It took John a second to realise that he had never asked the merchant’s name nor had the merchant told John where to find him.
He wished to say that he loved Rosa deeply. He wished to. But he felt like an invisible wall had been suddenly built between him and his daughter when Mary died. As much as he tried to reach to his daughter, he could only see her as a reflection of Mary's lost beauty. And it killed his heart in more ways than he thought possible.
In the light of day, John noticed, the merchant seemed slightly different. Gone were the otherworldly features which had struck John so much the previous evening. A white turban covered the black wild hair, leaving just one rebellious curl fall down the merchant's cheek, and the eyes, lined with black makeup, had lost their strange glimmering.
John looked at the screen. He tried to switch off the phone, but his fingers didn’t obey him.
, Watson?’ then moved, his lips a hairbreadth away from John’s. ‘Or shall we
‘Come on, class. Let’s go back to homosexuality in Shakespeare.’
He started jotting down the outline of a well-written speech, one that should have gone straight to the point, one of which Holmes should have been both scared and appreciative. An hour later, the speech was memorized, and John was ready.
John stared at the name once more. He stared at the figure engraved on the marble and he didn't recognise his wife in it.
Holmes didn’t flinch, and repeated, ‘I said: on your knees.’
Those same tears that his pride had swallowed down in the chapel came out in a torrential downpour.
Disclaimer: oh yes. Still not British, English has not become my first language overnight (sadly) and it's not beta'ed.
Neither of the two spoke for a while after that. John kept eating and the merchant went back to reading his book. John observed him. He was slender. Slender his neck, his collar bones evident above the hem of his blue shirt. Slender his fingers, elongated like birches' branches on the yellow page of the book. Slender his whole figure under the clothes. And he was young, younger than John.
John gulped, and it seemed to him that the whole world suddenly disappeared. He could only hear Holmes’s breathing, could only see Holmes’s skin, and could only feel his own jeans become tighter.
'Lucky?'
'Unless another
The woman took her chance to slip away.
When the innkeeper arrived at the table he looked at John, then at the merchant and said, 'I didn't know he was your friend.’
John couldn't help but stare. The mess of black curls was slightly damp, as if Holmes had just showered and had had no time to dry them properly, and a small crystal drop had found its way down Holmes's neck. John followed it going down, and down, and down until it was hidden by the shirt. A purple shirt. Purple and, again, tight beyond any possible reason.
Enjoy!
Food was often hard to find and he considered himself lucky, having money to buy what he needed.
NocturnoCulto <3
John read the note twice. It took him a great deal of strength to realise that Mary - his Mary - had already decided everything without letting him know her true plan. Yes, of course he knew about his wife's
‘Nothing,’ he said. ‘I’m just tired because I haven’t still managed to finish the essay.’
'I don't know. What do they have?'
It hadn't mattered to Greg.
John licked his lips as Holmes took a step forward, placed both his hands on John’s shoulders, and repeated, whispering into John’s ear, ‘Do you have
Thank you all for the support shown in the last months, and sorry if it took so long for the update (deadlines came too soon and I can't write when under pressure :/), but I hope you'll enjoy this chapter!
,' she had said the first time they met.
Lady Donovan and Lord Anderson glanced at him, both saying, 'My Lord.'
John slightly nodded, and Holmes pulled away, standing up. His cock came back against John’s mouth, and John opened it.
If he thought Sherlock would answer he'd just call the man right now.
John decided to brush his teeth to try to distract himself. Of course he took his phone with him, balancing it near the toothpaste waiting for it to light up with a notification.
John pulls back a bit, the light is low, but Sherlock can make out his eyes. As expected they are set in horror.
"So you bring me here to apologise and then ask for help you don't even need. I am busy. What do you want?"
“Well sex of course.”
“It's been some time and..."
"Sherlock." John had said and Sherlock looked up at him with pleading eyes, seemingly almost willing John to not move, not talk anymore. And he saw. He saw what John was trying to show him--the look on John's face. Sherlock stood and took two steps towards John and then he was kissing him and kissing him and exclaiming that he would do his best, his very best to show John just how much he loved him.
“Mm. No,” he says. Nothing else. He is feeling the day ease away from him, the drink is lulling him to sleep. He feels warm on the inside and out. Sherlock didn’t keep Irene from him and he is here, telling John the truth. Sherlock isn’t hiding anything anymore.  John reaches out a hand toward him, ignores the part of his mind that’s saying this isn’t right. He takes Sherlock’s hand in his and holds it, idly runs a thumb back and forth over Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock eases himself down a bit closer to John than he expects but it’s good, it’s really good. John keeps up the motion and it lulls him further to sleep when he already wants to drop off. They could be okay. This could be enough.
“Right,” John says. He sits up “I’ll go.” He starts to shift as if he’s planning to leave.
"If I were to kiss you. How would feel about...that?" John turns his head, seems to wait for Sherlock’s reaction.
“You know you miss it.”
Sherlock says nothing. He watches her walk from one room into the next. She is wearing a long black gown but no shoes. Her hair is cascading around her face. And her lips are painted a dark, deep red. She also wears a necklace that upon first glance is a long, silver charm but Sherlock had seen it in use, hidden inside is a quick acting sleep drug that even the strongest of drug users would find it hard to fight. At least he did.
He needs to ring Molly and check on Rosie. He needs to figure out just how the hell they go on from here. Can he do it alone? Raise a child? Christ no. It'll be impossible. He can almost immediately hear Mary’s voice in his head. ‘Course you can. You’ll do it because you have to.’
“It’s okay. I know. It works out because it’s not just a praise kink. It’s only a kink for you to praise me.  So at least I know it won’t ever be abused.”
“Well of course. If Rosie is to--”
"Nevertheless you solved it. Because you're brilliant. "
John finishes the last of the dishes including Mary’s cup.  He reaches to take it out the sink, but his hand stills. He looks back to see Sherlock listening to Molly and Mrs. Hudson. John heard him ask about the man’s paper delivery, but Sherlock is also looking at John. John turns back to the mug and moves his hand away from the sink. He clenches his hand just once, looks down at the mug left in place then turns around to Sherlock. He doesn’t quite meet his eyes at first then makes himself look up.
“Game?”
"Stop. Don't say it." John holds up his free hand.
"Right.” Sherlock is confused, but he does need to get going. He promised a bottle for John and he'll need to be there by half past or Mouse, the person whose taste is nonpareil in all things alcoholic beverages, will have closed shop and Sherlock isn't prepared to owe her another favor to keep it open late.
“I do have an appointment you know. How long will this take, Kate?”
“It’s okay,” Sherlock says. “I went to bed that night thinking about every word you said. When I came while thinking of you I blacked out for a good two minutes. It was the best orgasm I’d had in years.” Sherlock smiles. “So it’s fine. Okay?”
“I know dear. Still.”
"Nevertheless."
"Well that could be something, could be.” Sherlock picks up the phone from the counter. “Pay attention to what he wears tomorrow and text me exactly which of the tyres on his car seems the most worn.” Sherlock then motions John to come over.  “Kiss Rosie goodnight for us both. We'll check in tomorrow morning."
“John, we-“
Sherlock's reply makes him smile even more.
Sherlock: You'd mentioned forgetting for a few weeks in a row so I imagined you'd definitely get it done this week.
Sherlock typed out a quick message to Mycroft then cocked his head and looked toward the hidden driver.
Norbury, he thinks to himself. He won’t ever forget. Despite the fact that John has forgiven him for that and even if Sherlock were to find a way to excuse his behaviour surrounding her death he cannot forgive what happened to John at Sherrinford.
"Because I owed you a life. Sherlock, you were in pain. Already broken and tired. It's why I put you to sleep that night. The added anguish of knowing an assassin was with John Watson wouldn't help you."
John: Yeah....yeah I mean. What do you think?
"Know what I liked?" He tries to joke. He fails as she decides to drop all facade. Her head tilts to the side. Her face does a thing. She is the most human he's ever seen her.
“It’s just a state dinner, Sherlock.”
"No, of course you didn't, Sherlock." John said then he was kissing him and kissing him and telling him that he would love every version of Sherlock that he ever knew. Then the first Sherlock came into the room and said.
“I'm here,” Sherlock says. He hopes that's enough. In the dead of the night when he was captured and tortured for weeks the John of his mind would walk around each room of his palace and say just that to Sherlock. That calmed him more than any meditation or drug, at least more than the ones he had on hand.
John asks Sherlock.  Sherlock says no.
“You’re staying with me,” he says and exits the vehicle.
"So....five questions each. Yes or no kinda' thing."
They fight.
John’s eyes remained steady on Sherlock as his hand moved closer to the dressing gown’s pocket.
"Yes," John says firm. Sherlock feels John’s body tense a bit, back more straight. "That's an order."
It's a bit awkward once they're sat on the bed. John isn't sure what to say so he turns towards the window then back to Sherlock.
John is apparently having a nightmare. The motion behind his eyelids is rapid. He tosses his head to the side. His brow furrows.
And now John is being kissed and being sucked to perfection right now and he is so happy, so in love and it's so perfect. He moans Sherlock's name and asks him for--
It’s “not unhealthy.” That’s what Ella said. Him placing all his faith and hope in another person isn’t completely unhealthy but it wasn’t healthy. Ella had tried to say that, John had tried to ignore that. He tried to because he needed Mary more than anything. Needing someone to be a foundation to build a life on is never truly healthy yet how could he deny himself the opportunity to move on regardless of the cost.
But it did happen. And it kept happening every night when he closed his eyes. It continued to happen when he found just a moment of peace, that image invaded his every thought, every corner of his heart. Then Mary came along.
"Shut up." John had said then. "I already know it's not nearly as much as I love you."
Sherlock laughs too and sighs.
But at home it was simple. John was in a relationship with Sherlock and Sherlock. Mrs. Hudson could never tell them apart and she laughed when they tried to spin her the twin story. So they told her the truth and she burst into tears and hugged them all.
He walks downstairs with shirt in hand and stops by the bathroom first, has a piss, washes his hands, brushes his teeth. He’s in the middle of applying just a touch of aftershave when he realises what he’s doing. This was his routine when he thought he might…share his bed, if you will. He stops himself and looks in the mirror. Jesus it’s not like that. He means. The thing is…he’s not. Well he obviously is sometimes. But it’s not been that way with Sherlock, no matter what anyone, including Mary suggested as early as their third date.
His mother and Mycroft continue having a silent conversation to which Sherlock has not been invited and one he cannot read.  But as he leaves he does notice Mycroft working hard to suppress a roll of his eyes and his mother’s raise of a single eyebrow. His father simply smiles wide and large.
“I know,” Sherlock says. His face is blank. John sees no change in his face, no blush, no secret smile. He worries perhaps it won’t work. He worries perhaps it never did work. Still he tries.
"Jim took something from me as collateral to help. He was supposed to return it, but he went and killed himself and then it was sold, stolen, and God knows where. I want it back."
Until it came time for Sherlock to ask Mycroft for help in a case and Sherlock wouldn’t budge. It lasted for two long days until John went to see Mrs. Hudson for tea.
His fingers danced over the screen and at the idea of doing something absolutely fucking ridiculous.
John coughed and sputtered tea.
“No, I give up. I give up. Besides I’m probably not going to last much longer. Can barely keep my eyes open. And you—“ John yawns.
Sherlock is soft, blinking his eyes open at John. God, John thinks, he could’ve lost him again. He really could have. Jesus. He wants to hug him but given how they’re currently maneuvered it would be more awkward than anything so John instead scrambles out of the bed, not paying attention to how careful he is. As he moves he accidentally brushes his leg against Sherlock’s quite hard…
Sherlock places a finger over John’s lips and silences him.
“Drink?” he asked and poured them both a cup.
“Mmm that thing Angelo is doing with the new pasta. It’s nice.”
"For Janine?"
“John?”
“Lestrade who you constantly call your brother’s lackey?”
“Yes!” John laughs. “It’s not so complicated.” He delves into a fit of giggles.
"Do you regret it?"
John: Your lips were softer than I imagined.
Sherlock blinks just once and opens his mouth to respond then freezes. He turns to look at John.
“I’ll be out of your hair soon enough.”
"I have a prior commitment." Sherlock responds to his father, then Sherlock turns to look at his mother sharing a look with Mycroft. "What was that?"
She never asks for anything practical. The first time she asked him to write her a poem, the last time she made him be a participant in her Yoga class. ‘To give the guys and girls a treat.’ He wasn’t prepared for what madness would be requested for another late visit.
"Did you throw out my spores that time you swore you didn't."
“Sorry need the loo,”  John says quickly.
"The Borgia Pearl." He says aloud to her, but knows he's also saying it to himself. Once again it's come back around. The universe....rarely, very rarely. "I'll be in touch," Sherlock says then strides from the room and house.
"I planted Mary."
John can't help but smile at the message. It's not something Sherlock normally does which just shows they're both affected. John stuck to the status quo and Sherlock, always surprising, did not.
John turns over in bed, face towards Sherlock now. Sherlock is still on his back looking up at the ceiling. He could turn to look at John, but he does not trust his face nor his emotions right now. They’re both out of his control.
“I know.”
But before he could stop himself, much like earlier, part of him just didn't stop himself going forward.
So one day that Sherlock stopped taking cases, stopped working on random experiments. He met with Stephen Hawking and others of a like mind. Sherlock expanded on their theories until he finally put together a prototype which would either kill him or send him to another world, a world in which he hoped John Watson just might love him back.
“But also,” Sherlock continues. “You’re inebriated.”
John: Of course? Not of course. I've been over here spinning out wondering what you were going to say next.
John begins the motion from earlier. His thumb swiping back and forth. He and Sherlock are both lying on their backs again, staring up at the ceiling….again. Avoiding again.
“Oh you mean like how she shot me and then saved my life?”
“New tactic I see.”
“Because if you’re ever going to fuck me then I want to know we’re both there.”
After a long while the dots stopped and disappeared.
"I--" Sherlock said and John's eyes snapped back up, waiting, hoping...for what? John didn't quite know. But Sherlock said nothing.
John seems to take his reticence hard though. His jaw clenches. His hand follows shortly after. He loosens it but repeats the movement.
Sherlock sits on the edge of the bed. John slides further down under the covers, lets his head get comfy on the pillow. He tells himself to turn away, face the wall, but he turns to look at Sherlock. And Sherlock turns to look at him.
When the toast pops up a few moments later John takes out both pieces. He puts a healthy coating of jam on one and hands it to Sherlock.
“What?” John says and turns back to look at Sherlock.
Sherlock: Not all deductions are brilliant, sometimes they're just stating the obvious.
“No,” Sherlock says. "We don't."
"More please?”
John stares back to him for a moment, meets his eyes but doesn’t speak. A small smile forms on his lips. It’s not the first time Sherlock's read John's mind and yet there is something warm and comforting about him reading it here and now. After many months of being out of sync to know Sherlock has not only had a peak inside but also understood and took action is a salve, a hope.
Sherlock was the last person he texted to let him know he'd be a bit late picking up Rosie. There was a reply that simply said. "Yes." and John's response of "Thanks."
Sherlock eases the door open and takes a step inside. He hears John moving about in the kitchen before he sees him. John has music on which Sherlock doesn’t recognize entirely, but he knows the singer, his voice. Seen him on posters at university and always found his music visceral. Sherlock takes a step inside holding the bottle close and rounds the corner to see John in the kitchen. A spatula in his hand he gives a stir to the fry up of meat and veg.
“Fine, fine. Forget I said anything.  So you’ll be finding the pearl for her now?”
John also moved back on a cold day in November.  They fell back into a rhythm. John a little more brittle, rough around the edges. Sherlock quieter than before. Still they moved in tandem until they found a solution.
John: But yeah you liked it?
“Say something about what just happened. If you want to forget it I--”
John, a case. Should be finished before work. XX.
“No.”
Sherlock says nothing, and he knows he should probably say something, but his brain is whirling, going around in circles, and it does not make sense.
He finds Sherlock sat at the corner of the already made pull-out bed. The pillows are arranged along with the covers. Sherlock has pulled the end table next to the bed and set atop is their glasses along with the bottle.  Sherlock stands once he notices John. He takes a step near him, but says nothing. He looks down at the shirt in John’s hand.
Irene passes him without a look then sits with her legs tucked under, lounges calmly on a large, grey couch. She pats the seat next to her. Sherlock does sit. Normally he'd parry by ignoring her suggestion and sitting far away from her, but he doesn't have time for the game and it's really unnecessary. Irene knows he can beat her. And Sherlock knows she can beat him. The score is 3-2 in her favor though.
“Oh there’s an idea.”
Hours later he wakes to a warm body between his legs, a hot, moist tongue licking his cock like it's an ice lolly.
He tries to calm himself. He knows Sherlock will know something is wrong based on how he sounds. He takes deep breathes, uses his hand exercises to focus. Release and hold, release and hold. Release and hold. It’s fine. It’s FINE.
"Do you have...no. Do you feel? No, I know you do. I felt it the other morning. "
John: No, it's fine.
“Janine assures me this is the last,” he says.
Just as he stood the message from Irene came through and he needed the distraction. Calculating the risk of re-opening communication versus taking a hit was simple, obvious.  But a visit was never planned.  He hadn’t seen her since she’d sheltered him after the Swiss job.
“She knows. That’s why you’re coming to visit.”
Sherlock doesn’t know this to be a fact, but it seems likely. How they failed to mention her is not as odd as one would think. After he and John spoke about Mary the once he’s not brought her up since. John also does not mention his sister or other family either. A painful loss sometimes can be easier withstood with silence.
John finished his tea, said goodbye to Mrs. Hudson, and bounded up the stairs. He walked in to see Sherlock glance away from his phone then his eyes landed on John.
In the sink Sherlock sees the mug Mary favoured and her favourite cereal poured in a recently used bowl.  She was everywhere. Would John leave here eventually?  Like he left Baker after Sherlock died... No, Sherlock thinks, not the same. Not the same by far.
John: Not while I was balancing a toddler on one shoulder and a bag of peppa pig toys on the other for one.
In the morning John wakes before Sherlock. Eyes blinking slowly as the light peaks in. He wrinkles his nose and tries to move his hand to scratch an itch, but finds his hand is intertwined. He opens his eyes fully to confirm who is in bed with him--Sherlock. A few warring feelings start to rear their head. He doesn’t remember doing this, wonders if it was him or Sherlock who took the other’s hand. It’s a loose grasp but the feeling is nice, grounding. A smile begins to form on his lips.
John can’t dislodge the words from his throat. He just nods then looks towards the bed.
“Back?”
“Oh,” Sherlock says. “Do you want me to get rid of your drink?”
“Yes, you are. Not only on the alcohol but on the fact that you realize I will do anything you want after you praise me. And I do mean anything. You could have me any way you want as many times as you wanted and I'd just beg you for more."
"What?"
"Oh." John says, failing to hide the disappointment in his voice.
"What was that look?"
Sherlock looks toward John. His back is to Sherlock. He’s obviously not asleep and his shoulders are tense, waiting. Sherlock slips on the shirt and tries not to focus on the feel of it on his skin. It’s such a light weight and yet it feels like an armor John has offered to him. Sherlock takes his place in the bed on his back and though he’s already warm he gets under the blankets as well. John doesn’t appear to be cold, but in case he is still feeling the chill of the water...well Sherlock can’t help but want to provide any heat he can, do anything he can to help ease him. After tonight John must feel renewed anger. Once again Sherlock’s life has brought pain to John's.
"Maybe the power of love was the secret key to making it work." John said one day as they all sat down to breakfast.
"No," Sherlock says. "But I know my body and its limits."
“I know, Sherlock. God I know.” John takes his hands to Sherlock’s neck and leans Sherlock’s head down. John leans up a bit. Their foreheads touching, their mouths a breath away from each other. “We don’t do this.”
He could say that he didn't enjoy it. Which wasn't likely. After all Sherlock had kissed him back and Sherlock rarely did things unless he wanted to do them so he must've enjoyed it. Right?
Kate doesn't exit the vehicle, but instead turns off the engine and takes out her phone. Sherlock walks up the steps, reaches for the doorbell then decides she already knows he's here so he simply turns the door handle, which gives way immediately, and he enters.
Once dinner is over John starts doing the washing up when Molly calls with Rosie in hand ready to say their good nights. John stands in the kitchen smiling bright as Molly positions the phone to focus on Rosie in her little bassinet.  Molly recounts Rosie’s day and Mrs. Hudson chimes in with various adorable things their little girl has done. They, like John, agree pretty much everything Rosie does is adorable.
“Yeah course,” John says.
He'd been here many times previously, even sleeping here once, but he hadn’t been allowed inside after Mary’s death.  He wasn't allowed to see or help John. Instead he was sent away with a letter whose words cut him more than he thought possible. The idea that John would likely never again want him in his life was intolerable. The fact that he'd come so close to losing it all tonight was painful. He shakes his head, waits for the protocols to come into place again. He can't dwell. Not now, not ever.
They yell.
And of course eventually they worked cases again.
He told them, or course, but they'd never been able to replicate it.
They sit across from each other and share the meal, deciding to save the bottle for an after dinner drink. Unlike their old days they don't have Mrs. Hudson’s cakes for after. A fact Sherlock states with a slight pout.  Also in contrast to their past, Sherlock actually eats his meal. John smiles at nearly every rise of Sherlock's fork. It’s still such a rare sight, and one John hasn’t seen for some time. Not like this.
John tells himself to look away as Sherlock drinks it down, but he happily dazes at Sherlock’s bobbing adam’s apple, his lips, his cheekbones. Fuckin hell.
Still she invited herself inside, saw the dvd, and pressed play. She looked at Sherlock on screen and asked what kind of movie John was watching. When she looked back at his face there was no way he could hide it. The video came to an end and he began talking.
Sherlock holds him a bit tighter for many reasons, says nothing. He can hear the sizzle of the stir fry. The music plays on and then changes. The few lyrics he catches are not inaccurate. He doesn’t know what to say.
But it did loosen that nugget of an idea, a memory of his own way to deal with this.
“Something.”
"Good," Sherlock says. "Good."
They’ve been at this for about an hour and Sherlock is no closer to figuring out the rules of the overly complicated game that John and his bunkmates created over a few months during his last campaign in Afghanistan. They’d created it to be so utterly complicated as to last through a long night of patrol.
“John?”
John can't help but type back a smile. He knows Sherlock hates them but Sherlock has put a smile on his face and so he lets himself indulge.
Sherlock is between his legs and John's thrusts have fallen into a steady rhythm of up and down. A blissful humming is in his head and he realizes it's because he is humming. A song. He doesn't know the name of the time but he knows Sherlock has played it for him. It was one of the rare days where they hadn't fought over the violin and he was able to curl up with one Sherlock while the other played. The absolute best of both worlds.
He says nothing. His mother reaches out a hand and ruffles his hair. He looks away, but smiles. He turns back and looks at his mother, his father and reaffirms.
The information hits him like a load of bricks. He can’t do this now. He can’t imagine how Irene Adler has information on Mary and he doesn’t want to know if it gets worse, and lately that’s all it does is get worse.
“Regardless.”
“Ahh,” John smiles. Sherlock notices it out the corner of his eyes. He likes Sherlock’s parents. Sherlock never knew exactly why, but he enjoys the fact regardless. John removes his hand then. The warmth is immediately missed, but Sherlock tries not to focus on it. John turns to look at the ceiling along with Sherlock. “Jesus. They didn’t know.” He sighs.
“Of course not, but she may or may not hold me hostage until the place is done. Don’t worry about me. Just carry on with the cleaning and text me when you’re done.”
"Yes and no."
Sherlock looked up and deduced that John wanted to move back in. He said John's room was ready for for him. He was right that John wanted to move back in, but he had missed that John had no plans to move into that room.
"I'm not going to try anything you know," she says.
He thinks of washing dishes and Sherlock hearing about cases, running off to solve crimes, and drinks and calm nights in bed with complicated card games.  John thinks of coffee in the morning and kisses on forehead as Sherlock looks into a microscope and barely notices he’s there. He’s almost asleep and finding himself feeling some hope for the future, a complicated future, but also one so obviously written for him, the road clear.
“Mmm. No. My parents. Mother giving me her ETA for arrival, a reminder that I’m not required to meet them at the airport, and sending me her love. My father chiming in with the same information but in a sole text.”
They’d last communicated days after his birthday. Sherlock was awaiting his next minder and kept focusing on hidden stash Wiggins previously kept behind the microwave. He hadn’t known if Mycroft’s minions or Mrs. Hudson had found it and he could no longer stop himself from wanting to at least know.
“No,” John says while opening his eyes and shaking his head back and forth to punctuate the point.
Molly and Mrs. Hudson then ask to speak to Sherlock because they're both quite sure Molly's new neighbor is an international drug smuggler or at the very least some type of ne'er–do–well. Sherlock doesn't ignore them and asks for the details.
Sherlock doesn’t appear to notice, his mind seems focused elsewhere. John waves a final goodbye and they all disconnect. Sherlock hands John his phone and in exchange John places a glass of the very lovely smelling scotch in Sherlock's hands. They both take a sip of the drink and look at one another.
They eat dinner then Sherlock helps with the cleaning afterwards. He walks up stairs to put Rosie down as John finishes the last of the dishes. He kisses her on the forehead.  John walks in to see him brush back a wisp of hair. John smiles then takes Sherlock’s hand and leads him downstairs to their bedroom. He takes him to bed. It is John’s first time with a man and he’s nervous until Sherlock explains he sometimes gets instantly hard just by seeing John walk into a room.
“No,” Sherlock said. “We’ve not solved the case.”
“She won’t like that you didn’t think it was Mycroft.”
John’s eyes rove over Sherlock, to his neck. They land momentarily on his shoulder, wonders if it’s okay now.  He tries to look away, but he knows he's been caught.
Right now he hasn't opened his eyes to see their faces. Not since they both began their exploration of his cock and mouth respectively. He also hasn't heard their voice in hours, days? God he just needs to hear them and see them both. So he tries to open his eyes, but he can't quite find the strength. He can't, he can't. He needs them there. He needs this to be real. He mumbles and when it seems he isn't understood he mumbles again.
"Boring."
“I wanted to tell you just in case you or other people were worried about...things. I’m okay.”
"Yes."
“Okay,” he says. John hears the retreating steps and calms a bit. Takes a few moments to breath and mentally reminds himself he has to set up a new appointment with Ella soon. He stands, washes his hands again and walks out slowly.
“John?” He says it this time in question, wondering if John is fully awake.
Sherlock: We will go forward?
John laughs and takes Sherlock’s drink out of his hand and finishes off the glass. He looks over at the bottle. It’s not entirely gone, but they’ve made a hell of a dent in it.
Years past. John rarely used this part of his arsenal. Only if an item was truly heinous in the kitchen. Only when he found a trail of spiders from Sherlock's chair. Only when Lestrade had threatened to never again call them did he decide to use it.
"The Borgia Pearl."
But she seems to understand all the same.
“It’s just for a bit. For Rosie and the minder and my job and for…”
“Sherlock, I-”
“Oh.” Sherlock says. The look on his face is painful and John just wants to kiss it away. So he does. He lays a gentle kiss on Sherlock’s lips and still feels a thrill that he’s allowed to do this with this man whom he loves.
"I know." Sherlock says. At least he knows they said it. What that meant he still didn't quite understand. Are they supposed to lay bare everything before the other? He doesn’t think that’s possible. Not now...maybe ever?
“Ya know um, Mary always wanted a sister.” John says this casually. Sherlock doesn’t hear pain in his voice like before when John spoke her name.
"So in the morning when we're both clear-headed we'll talk."
John: What do you mean?
John: Not the same for me either.
Sherlock: You've imagined my lips.
“About Mary.”
“Well dear how did you ever handle him before? I had a trick with Mr. Hudson you know.”
"No, it's just that if you say 'humping’ then I won’t be able to stop laughing.” John gives a snicker and the sound eases Sherlock immeasurably.
Sherlock can’t trust himself with words. He nods furiously into John’s neck which somehow causes John to laugh. And Sherlock laughs because he then realises his hair must be tickling John. John gives one final squeeze then lets go. Sherlock takes a step back.
Sherlock is expertly exploring his mouth and kissing him deep and passionate. He kisses like the first time still. Both of the first times. Like when it was all said and done and Mary was no longer in the picture and John had come to Baker.
"I knew," she says.  "I just didn't think you did."
"Whatever for? It was his people's fault the scene was trampled through nearly destroying all the evidence and letting a killer go free. I simply solved the crime and advised them of their mistake."
“Good,” John says and turns away with a smile. “good.”
“I'm fine. I'm fine.” John reassures him. “This is his blood. He's dead.”
Once inside the home, in contrast to the bland, formulaic outside, he sees a much different story.
The reminder had just repeated itself as he'd set it up twice as he'd often forgotten. He mentally cursed past John's double reminder. He pocketed the phone and went back inside, gave a wash to his hands and sat down on a chair at the table and pulled out his phone. No reply. No dots. Nothing.
John tries to move his lips then.
“Parents. Telling them along with Mycroft.”
“Oh,” he said. He reached out a hand to clasp the mug in John’s hand. “A drink sounds fine.”
His mind dwelled on their first meeting, their time when they lived together, when Sherlock jumped, when he returned, his stag night, the days spent with Sherlock after he was shot, Eurus, and how they worked to rebuild 221B and their lives.
“No thanks,” he says and walks towards her door, but she calls out to him anyway
Mary was there. Just for a minute. In the air the scent of freshly baked bread was quickly so quickly replaced by her perfume and then a smell which made John's stomach turn.
“We eat food and sit in. There'll be no cases and it’s just this.”
Sherlock is once again named best man.
“It is. Just paying back the favor for her. That man should be the last of it.”
“Were too,” Sherlock says. He places his food down beside him, leans back in his chair. John could swear he was doing the lean back of the very full.
"Knew?"
Sherlock opened his eyes and looked over at John with a piercing look. “I was considering the right word, the one he’d want to hear.  Then I decided he knew what that word was himself and would therefore fill it in as needed.  No need for me to strain myself in search of it."
“Ahh,” Sherlock says and stretches a bit. He closes the one eye then snuggles closer to the pillow. A second later it seems he’s all but asleep.
Sherlock reaches out a hand to John’s arm, moves it slowly down until he reaches John’s hand. He laces their fingers together, mimics John’s earlier motion and pulls John back down. John does goes down, but not easy and simple. Sherlock sees the tension, understands it, understands he has to say something. In this John cannot translate the world to him, Sherlock has to explain himself to John.
"I'm going to kiss you now. Okay?"
John typed it and laughed at himself. He wasn't ever winning any eloquence awards, but it was all he could say because he wanted to be damn sure.
John isn’t sure if he should say, but he needs to be honest with her and they’ve told no one yet.
And another.
Sherlock shakes his head. “Ever noticed how often I pretend you’re not even there? It’s self-preservation you see.”
“John.” Sherlock says his name louder. His voice is strained with distress. John’s hand, which was caressing Sherlock’s backside rather expertly stills. John himself stills. Still he says nothing.  Sherlock is trying to figure out if John wants the dignity of pretending this didn’t happen or if he should try his level best to make a joke to ease the tension. But all he can say is his name.
"Oh God. Sherlock. Sherlock," John says. He doesn't even open his eyes. He reaches blindly until his hand finds the curly head of hair and he winds his fingers into it. He holds the head in place and thrusts up. "Oh please?" He says. And then the tongue is flat and motionless. Which is the cue to John to fuck wildly into Sherlock's open mouth. It's not uncommon for Sherlock to let John do this as they all enjoy it, but it is rare for John to let go with such wild abandon. But he needs this now more than anything. He needs this all to be real.
Sherlock blinks and blinks as his world realigns yet again. John gives him a gentle poke with his elbow. The one on the arm where their hands are still linked.
“Are we ever going to talk about how I had a weird text affair with your sister?”
“Yeah like that.”
John decided he had put the ball in Sherlock's court so he had to give the man time to process. Things like this weren't easy for John, but he knew they were a helluva lot harder for Sherlock.
Sherlock bites his tongue. Always this. But he understands that at least. "Fine."
“It’s ridiculous,” Sherlock says around a giggle and he lifts his drink to his mouth and sips a bit of his drink.
"I'll play for her. When I was usi--" At this Mycroft clears his throat. "In my ..." He finds the true words and then he finds the right words. "Past. The music was always a connection. As I now know it came from her it only seems fair to give it back."
“John? John? Are you okay? Oh God!”
And he used to worry, but knowing Sherlock has backup makes things a bit easier now. So he heads back to their bedroom. He replays the dream in his head.
John had never seen Sherlock's eyes look so lost, not since that day on the tarmac. When it seemed they were having their conversation.
“I didn’t say it was a clever trick. Shame it doesn’t work that way with you and Sherlock or…”
But it's bright. That's good isn't it? Exhaustion and worry is heavy on his shoulders. He is so tired but no, no, No! He can't get any sleep as long as Sherlock is standing with a gun in his face. Sherlock smiles and then it's fine. It's all fine.
John opens the door. “Of course. Sorry I was taking so long.”
“So you’re okay with this?”
“What?”
“Oh?” Sherlock says.
John looks at Sherlock and goes for the kill. “Surely a brilliant man like you can make a phone call to ensure our future cas-“
“Want to check that?” John says, still unmoving.
Sherlock said nothing so John continued.
“No,” Sherlock says. He shakes his head.
"I needed," she begins then unfolds and stands. She looks down at him. He's working to understand her game for standing when she interrupts his workflow. "I am here, or rather I brought you here to apologise.” He says nothing. She sighs, another bell to ring. “I knew about your sister and I could have warned you. I owed it to you, but didn't and for that I am sorry."
“Same,” John says quickly. “Not that she’s your type. Not a dominatrix girlfriend.”
“I don't know.” They look around for the obvious sharp shooter who took the man out. Once they're back in their hotel room showered and clean they both go quiet, neither wanting to speak the possibility aloud. They decide to clear out the mini bar and order food before their plane ride back. The drinks aren't as strong as they like, but still it helps John finally loosen his tongue.
“Ahh.”
“You’re lying.”
Sherlock’s eyes were closed, his breathing steady. It was nearly the only sound John could hear. It was only slightly matched by the sound of his heartbeat pounding in his ears.
He explained to John, and only John, exactly why he was there, why he did it, and he asked John to tell him if it was all for nothing.
“Don’t.” Sherlock stops him.
The singer is David Bowie. <3
John kisses him then. Slots his mouth over Sherlock’s and kisses him slow and precise. He breaks the kiss and works hard to not give praise for Sherlock’s soft, kissable lips. He doesn’t want to use it again.
“Are you going to help at all?”
Sherlock: The kiss.
"Yeah," John says. "Yeah. I'll get one for you."
Sherlock’s uni boyfriend shows up and asks for Sherlock’s help with finding his son.
“Sherlock and I are um--”
John kissed Sherlock. But he didn't mean to kiss him, though somehow it just happened.
“But we can’t move in now.” John blurts it out. They’ve talked. They’ve talked a lot. They know where they stand with each other, but they never explicitly discussed living arrangements when this was all said and done. And time is needed.
“Fuck,” he says. “You’re so-God I-”
“Should’ve known. She would never look me in the eye.”
When the lips touch his cheek he turns his face and then Sherlock is kissing him. And it's good. It's so good. He loves that he can't tell them apart when it comes to their kisses because he wants to believe it. He wants to believe it all. And he can right now. He can believe that Sherlock found a way to love John all the more. And in a way it's true.
Sherlock laughs. John smiles bright at the response. He takes another answering drink and lets himself feel it. He relaxes and decides to let it go.  He was supposed to wait until Sherlock had drank more before he even brought this up. After all Sherlock hadn't mentioned it or held himself since this morning. It could be fine.
And of course John forgave him.
"What happened to 'not gay'?"
“No, I couldn’t.” Sherlock has been through torture many times in the past including earlier tonight, but the idea of sleeping in the same bed that John and Mary shared...there are things with which even he cannot contend.
John laughs. "God me too."
John: HOW?
It's a bit slow going at first as John's hand is a bit shaky, but he finally gets it. In doing so he finds his breathing has calmed and the panic attack has past. So he decides to head out of the room and get a glass of water. When he gets down to the kitchen he finds a note from Sherlock with two x's beneath it to let him know it's applicable times two.
John is humming along and absentmindedly singing a word here and there. Sherlock can’t stop watching him. He’s wearing a dark blue shirt with jeans, socks but no shoes. The sleeves aren’t quite rolled up but the cuffs are undone and slack. A towel over his shoulder. The song changes and John walks over to the phone set on the dock and changes it to another. It’s actually one Sherlock recognises for some reason. He can’t quite find the connection in his mind, but he likes it. John turns around then and notices him standing there. Sherlock stares at him and John stares back. The moment lasts for only a few seconds. Sherlock looking into John’s eyes. John looking into Sherlock’s.  John swallows then looks away then back over to Sherlock.  Sherlock knows he can stop himself, but finds he doesn’t want to. He takes a long steps forward taking care only for a second to set the bottle down before embracing John. His coat almost enveloping his lower body. Sherlock holds him close and tight, almost collapses onto him, buries his face in John’s neck and he absolutely can’t move. John is here. John.
John: I can't bloody believe you didn't get in that cab then.
"Talk to me, Sherlock. Please say something. I need to hear your voice, Sherlock."
"Let?" Sherlock says though there's a warmth in his voice. It seeps through though he's trying hard to be perturbed at the implication.
Just as John leans in to say goodbye he sees Mrs. Hudson smile bright at Sherlock’s words. "Alright dear," she says, but nothing more.
Sherlock can't stop the anger pouring out from him. If she had but said then so much would have been different. He would have come back earlier. He would've saved John and himself the pain. He would've said. He would’ve done.
“I’m--” he clears his throat, voice rough with sleep. “I’m sorry.  I must've been dreaming.”
“John?” Sherlock calls.
John gives a soft laugh. "Sex with me is the most important thing you'll ever do? Talk about pressure."
"It's fine," Sherlock says quickly.
"Doctor now are you?"
"Nothing." "Nothing." Both his mother and Mycroft say at the same time. Sherlock's eyes narrow. He wouldn't normally ask, but the time for secrets in this family has to come to an end or at least a respite.
“SHERLOCK!” John bellowed as he entered the parlor. “Get your immaterial arse over here!”
For the entire cab ride, John held Sherlock’s hand only when Sherlock initiated it. He wanted Sherlock to feel his strength, his independence again on his own terms. Every once in a while, Sherlock would reach over and squeeze his hand, and John would squeeze it back, then release, allowing Sherlock the option of withdrawal. Sometimes he did, but other times he didn’t. Occasionally, John reminded his friend to take a deep breath to control his anxiety but, for the most part, the cab ride went smoothly.
that my sons were still alive, that they had taken over the business.”
“Exactly.” Breathlessly.
“You know, you should really let me in on this...”
“Wait,
“The body heals from trauma with time. You’re a doctor; you understand this. A rape versus being stabbed by a knife...both are forcible intrusions into the corporeal self, and the corporeal self heals from both in the same way. C
wanted to, but John suspected his sudden outburst had made Sherlock think twice about following him. Not because he was afraid; rather, because he knew John needed the alone time to decompress.
. Gone was the sardonic, superior smirk he usually wore when dealing with the outside world. In its place was an expression of complete, utterly-mindless pleasure; open mouth with swollen, dusky lips, with slitted, unseeing eyes. His expression was
…” he pointed to the recently-slammed door, “is one of the
“That you didn’t want to date me,” Sherlock said, his normally-pleasant baritone bearing the sharp edge of a samurai sword. “You didn’t have to lie.”
John was currently out on a date. He had left Rosie in Sherlock’s able care and picked up a young lady he had met in the Tesco a few days before, and they went out for an early dinner and a movie. Sherlock had smiled and waved as they left, John wearing his “dating shoes” and best shirt and jumper, but his heart was bleeding tears. Rosie waved happily, too, still covered in mud and clinging to Sherlock’s trousers.
Mrs. Hudson brightened. “Why, yes, I do! I even have some of those treats he likes so much...”
“Wait a second, Doc. Wot do we do wiv the bastard?” He jerked his head back toward where Whitey sat, still surrounded by the homeless mob.
manage, although, occasionally, Sherlock would became frustrated and shout “PUTAIN!”
A voice from the other side of the wall chimed in, “So glad you two are happy now, so
did out of
yield. Not even when she gave him a script to read for the camera, telling him that, if he read it, she would stop. He didn’t care what the script said, even though the text was debasing and vile to his sensibilities. He just wouldn’t give her the satisfaction of giving in.
“Stop that or, I swear to God, I’ll come right now,” John gritted out.
“Now, Sherlock, it is time I make another example, eh? You first. Then, we try again. If it doesn’t work, then your friend.” He grinned in perverse anticipation.
“Fine. Just no bacon bits. I hate those things. Pigs themselves wouldn’t acknowledge them.”
He kissed me again, with so much more fervor this time that words failed me. I just grabbed both his hands and put them to my lips in response.
“Nothing happened,” he said, lamely.
To his surprise, he didn’t receive a death-glare in response. Sherlock simply took a bigger bite and chewed lifelessly. He repeated this action again and, after some urging, extracted one hand from his cocoon to hold the slice and feed himself. He seemed to show a bit more life after the first slice, even seeking out a second for himself.
The problem-solving nature of the conversation brought a brief half-smile to John’s thin lips.
the burgeoning erection under Sherlock’s belstaff coat. John could appreciate why, but it didn’t make it any easier to watch as his new lover react so…
So, Sherlock was imperfect. He had chosen the most ordinary, unimpressive, excruciatingly sub-par man he could have chosen as a husband. But, why? Obvious; Sherlock was searching for mediocrity so he could shine that much brighter…he gritted his teeth. Bastard. You know that’s a lie.
we, Sherlock?”
she went to the loo and spent a half-hour there Facebooking her friends about her lousy date with a short guy with no personality...”
me.” He cast a glance at John and stated, “I think you should call Security now, John. God only knows what else she has in that purse of hers. This
A pause, then, “You didn’t tell him what I said, did you?”
John nodded non-commitally. “Well, it didn’t help that you’ve already growled at the server once…”
hear the mental foot stamp that accompanied that single syllable. Against his own better instincts, he turned.
Uncle Rudy looked alarmed and held up his hands in negation. “No, no, not at all! We remember the people from
! It would
unsuspecting fools by posing as a
to be inside this man was
anything about it! He threatened to
We all gathered around John’s deathbed. As I grabbed his ankles, I said, “Come along, John.”
of him. What did he have on you, Mycroft, that you tried to stop me from confronting him?”
“Daddy, that was rude!” a muffled voice came through the door. Sherlock sighed, turned, and descended the stairs without obvious emotion. Inside, however, he was
“SHERLOCK!”
when I was injured in some non-specific way. The assault
Mycroft’s face assumed his most supercilious look. “Well, for one thing, it scares the living hell out of the troops but, other than that, have you ever lived on a spaceship with thousands of other people and limited access to bathing facilities? It can become quite ripe in here, even with the recycling systems going full blast. And you know how I’ve always felt about germs!”
Finally, the sound of something falling on the bed, accompanied by heavy breathing and a few scattered obscenities.
She made a “I-can’t-believe-you-can-be-that-dense” face and pronounce, “Not like
“Great. A headcheese and ladyfinger sandwich with dressing. Thanks, Sherlock,” he mumbled as he reached in and snagged the remainder of some thai cuisine of dubious age. He took a deep sniff before flinching in disgust and binned the entire thing. Finally, he found some hidden lunchmeat in the crisper and decided on a mystery meat sandwich.
. You’re an
to my cock. All the blood in my body just
, more like,” Mycroft corrected him. “John is a man who never came home from the war. You are a man who never stopped seeking a drug high. To put it overly-simply; you are his war, and he is your drug. A mutually-dependent, enabling relationship that, somehow,
in your mind would have taken you to a safer place? One where Sergei couldn’t hurt you mentally or emotionally?” he summed up.
He nodded back with a genuine smile. “Hello, Sherlock. Long time, no see.”
“He’s the victim! Don’t cuff him!” John yelled out, followed by Agent Doyle, who emerged from the same car as John. He sprinted to Sherlock’s side, cradling the fallen detective and examining his facial wound. “Sherlock, are you all right, love? How many fingers do you see?” he asked, holding up two fingers.
Sherlock emitted a long-suffering sigh. “Gone.”
Closing his eyes, he mentally checked his Mind Palace phone book for
“Well, hello! How was the honeymoon?” a familiar voice assailed them from the parlor door. They both turned to behold DI Lestrade, his arms open wide in welcome. He saw the look on
here, and I’ll do
?’ he mocked with an exaggerated movement of his head and shoulders, then continued, “What, haven’t you noticed? We’re a
“No need,” John said, his words still broken up by laughter. “Here, let me show you something.”
yourself to be hurt, it hurts me
“Oh, fuck,” Sherlock moaned, his entire body arching up off the mattress.
” he roared.
“Do you know,” John asked, between kisses, “how crazy it drove me…when you kissed Janine? When you proposed to her?”
put off by them. If I find out you’re going behind my back…”
“No, just to
“Agent Doyle. Good of you to join us,” Sherlock said.
the physicality. In other words, my hand looked just like my hand, and I was dressed in one of my usual suits rather than in a dressing gown, as my body currently was. Obviously, this was my concept of myself and was being projected as such. I foolishly turned to look in the mirror and saw nothing.
“Hello, Graham,” I said, through the box.
do it!” Lestrade bellowed back before hollering down the corridor, “Blast the lock!”
the most useful. He may be unorthodox, but he accelerated our case
John stared at the screen, chin in hand, for a moment before jolting upright and rushing over to the kitchen table where the case file lay strewn about. He pored over the papers before turning to the photos. One, in particular, caught his eye.
Sherlock smiled as he plopped into his own chair. “Much better. Or, at least, more appropriate.”
I was agape until I realized what had happened.
Sherlock stiffened in confusion as he tried to comprehend what his lover had just said. “Wait.
John rested his hand on Sherlock’s freshly-shampooed hair and threaded his fingers through it. Sherlock’s eyes closed in pleasure and he smiled.
And, yet, once Mary was disgraced and dead, he had gone against his own history of bad judgments and married Sherlock Holmes, the Consulting Detective (the Only One in the World, for God’s sake), the perfect friend, the loving husband, the long-suffering flatmate, the perfect, the beautiful, the brilliant…
indicator had just stormed out the door.
Sherlock shoved past John and out into the hall, where he almost ran into Lestrade. “Who the hell are you?” he snapped.
John froze, then slouched back in his chair, rebuked. Sherlock slowly turned back to the fire, his face an impassive mask once again. “You still have your wallet, I see. That means you didn’t return to the pub to finish your liaison.”
“DNA was in its infancy back then. Mistakes could have been made, samples compromised, or results faked. Check out the coroner, too. Whoever had any contact with these samples. I’ll wager that someone, or something,
Mrs. Hudson couldn’t miss the sudden shimmer of tears in John’s and Sherlock’s eyes in response to her declaration. She winked. “Even if it was a
John put on his long-suffering face and crossed his arms as he looked up at his husband. “Look, I’ve always wanted to come here, just to see what it was like…”
Mycroft straightened a bit, but his mask of control didn’t slip this time. “We are
Doyle just shook his head as he got up from the table. “Frankly, Mr. Holmes, if it were anyone else asking that question, my answer would be far different…” he said as he nodded and walked out of the restaurant.
“The Savoy. Took ‘im in th’ back way, all the way up ta th’ pent’ouse. We was paid by a tall lady. Dark ‘air, real pretty. Smelled good, too. Paid us in cash.”
“John, you promised…”
Sergei finally pulled away and pulled Sherlock’s trouser fasteners loose before grabbing him by the hips and swinging him around again. Facing the wall, Sherlock could feel his trousers and pants being pulled down below his arse just before a massive rod of hot flesh began thrusting between his thighs from behind, the head pushing into his bollocks. The grunts intensified.
“People will talk,” John quipped, recalling their discussion at the pool.
As he rose from the table to leave, Agent Doyle muttered, under his breath, “
“Can we go home now?” came a cranky voice.
Leaning an arm on the dresser, John turned to Sherlock and specified, “The ladies’ panties. The white ones. With the lace.”
Both finally, gloriously naked, Sherlock slid his body up John’s like a snake advancing on willing prey. John’s smile of genuine approval seemed to be the only signal Sherlock needed to continue his carnal intentions. Full lips surrounded a hungry, demanding mouth that kissed and licked and sucked on John’s neck, leaving marks that would have to be explained in the morning but, for now, only fueled the fire. John slid his hands down Sherlock’s back, feeling the uneven texture of the scarred skin as he continued his journey toward his lover’s succulent ass. He gripped the full, taut roundness and pressed down as he ground his burgeoning erection against Sherlock’s already-rigid one. The grateful moan that followed was more eloquent than the words of a thousand scholars, causing John’s cock to swell to its usual impressive size. Both men were now rutting against each other, murmuring encouragement, their thrusts eliciting moans and cries of unsuppressed pleasure.
.”  He dropped his head to the pillow. “But I messed up. I let my own feelings get in the way…”
“Not really, no. Why? Why would you do that to yourself?” John asked as he palmed the vials.
of them, Mycroft. For all the problems that period in my life caused, it
Lestrade patted him on the back again and replied, “Of course, John. Not a problem. I’m sure I can fly this by the Commissioner. He always enjoyed having Sherlock solve a case, as long as the department could take the credit!” He stopped, suddenly, then, in a lower voice, said, “I’m sorry, John. I know it’s only been a short time...”
. And I
yours. Mary’s and
John shook his head, pursing his lips. “No. Not yet. You’re still too jumpy, love. I’d rather err on the side of caution than cause a set-back because, you know what? You
interpreter? He’ll probably be better able to stand up to Sherlock’s tirades
have a credibility problem.” He lowered his eyes before continuing. “I would gladly trade a credibility problem for the one I have
“Tea?” from the bedroom.
Once more or less alone, John exploded. “Why didn’t you tell me what was going on, Sherlock!? You made a vow…”
“Oh, goody. Is it in all caps? Then he’s yelling,” Sherlock murmured, his voice distorted by the face-obscuring pillow.
“No, no, you’re not. You’re…oh…ohhhhh god, that feels…great…uhhh…fantastic…yeah, yeah, like that…ahhhh…fuck, Sherlock…”
if the child was his. If so, then the chances were that Mary was on the level. If not...”
...” His eyes said the rest.
Silence. “Yeah, so do I. We don’t need him walking into a trap, though...”
“Damn!” He slapped the top of the dresser again. This time,
“Don’t even understand the language anymore,” Sherlock groused. “What has this country come to?”
Sure to form, Sherlock didn’t behave. For the next few hours, John had decided
,” he said, in his best Captain Watson voice.
“And you even accused a cop of stealing! My God, Sherlock…!” John continued, his ire attaining new heights.
had been the first night they’d had sex. And
, I had
John frowned. “No,
“Nothing there,” Lestrade observed, disappointed. “Static, that’s all that was.”
Sherlock. His phone. John withdrew his mobile from his pocket and thumbed it on. As it came to life, notification after notification popped up, each accompanied by the same sound--Sherlock’s distinctive ping. John counted until he reached twenty, then started looking around for the shortest route back to Baker Street. The pings kept coming. Shit, he must be frantic by now.
“Nope. I just talked to him. Didn’t even touch him.”
, I would have been with
, I’m out of here. I’m
John slowly and carefully slid his arms around his lover, cradling him like a priceless and fragile piece of art. His hands rested lightly on Sherlock’s chest as his fingers timorously explored the resolving scars where the crop had bitten deeply into soft, pale flesh. He shook his head and whispered, “No, love. There is no ‘of course’ anymore. I will ask if I can do something and you will consent or refuse, and either way it will be fine with me” His voice was gentle and filled with affection.
“It’s okay, Papa. I still love you,” she said, softly, before becoming angry again, “even if Daddy is acting like a skunk.”
She eyed him in consideration. “I suppose, but it’s not because I can’t do it myself!”
“Apparently, we are,” Sherlock replied, stunned.
to have taken down and throttled a wrestling champion, ‘consideration’? How is
I smiled down at him.
As he walked, collar flipped up against the chill breeze that blew up out of nowhere, a sleek black Mercedes sidled up beside him, pacing him. He stopped. The car stopped. The door opened and out stepped Anthea, dressed in a black fur coat, ever-present phone in hand. She smiled her usual enigmatic smile and gestured for John to get in. John grunted assent, no longer surprised that Mycroft could find him
“Of course,” Sherlock shrugged in his massive coat, his face impassive except for a tightness around his mouth, which always showed his impatience. “They could have seen the same things I did, if they had bothered to look. Idiots. I can explain my methods until Moriarty rises from the grave and they would
Sherlock smiled. “The name is Sherlock, Agent Doyle. And this is John.”
In the aftermath of 'The Woman's' attack, John tries to find a way to help Sherlock recover and return to being the man he once was...
Anger flared up again. “What, you don’t like
“And do you understand me?”
“You know it, but you have not acknowledged it,” Sherlock responded, his voice almost inaudible as he struggled to retain some level of composure. “It is the difference between knowing water is wet and being immersed in it.”
his usual restorative cup of coffee.
“Oh, God, that’s right, babe, just like that. Keep pushing in as far as you can go,” John instructed breathlessly. He was trying to keep control of himself and stay coherent but Sherlock could see—and
contents. He palmed it and was rewarded with a sudden hiss as Sherlock unceremoniously brushed his hand away.
A few minutes passed. There was no sign of Wiggins or his fellows. John began to despair that they had abandoned him—and Sherlock—when a shout went up on the main street. A young blonde girl was running for all she was worth, followed in short order by one of the most intimidating guttersnipes John had ever seen. The young woman didn’t have to feign being frightened—she was terrified of what might happen to her if this hulking bastard ever got his hands on her. She ran past the place where John was hidden and he readied himself to pounce, to try to take this guy down by himself when, suddenly, a group of shabby but determined men ran out of a doorway and surrounded the pursuer. He stopped, angry and confused, and bellowed for them to get out of the way.
Mori-wan Iarty hefted his light saber and said, “Well, I guess this is the part where I sacrifice myself for the good of others. So stupid. Still,” he added, brightly, “I do get to become one of the most powerful beings in the galaxy, so there’s that.”
“Yes, John. I’d like that.”
too great an impact on my discorporeal consciousness than I would have liked.
One eyebrow rose. “Can’t you guess, John?”
!” John yelled. Ella couldn’t help but notice the way he was sitting—arms and legs crossed like a pretzel, every muscle tight with anguish.
“Gets if from
A sudden rush of realization and guilt washed over and threatened to drown him on the spot.
see—one of the most enticing erections he’d seen in a long time was awaiting his further scrutiny. Without a second thought, John found himself on his knees, lips wrapped around that noble staff, sucking Sherlock’s intellect out of his brain and into his mouth as the detective moaned and pleaded and pulled John’s hair until he decorated the back of John’s throat like a Jackson Pollack painting.
“It’s
Mycroft moved up beside Sherlock. “I’m sorry, Sherlock. Perhaps I shouldn’t have intervened...”
John levered himself up on his elbows and, looking down at Sherlock, asked, “Why do we always seem to end up doing things
“Why are you sad, Papa?” she asked, her child’s curiosity blunt as ever.
I lowered my head and smiled. “Point taken. Here isn’t
John sighed. “Now, when is this stupid game going to stop, genius?”
Sherlock squeezed his hands and smiled weakly. “My hero,” he said, sans mockery. “I knew you would come. When I missed the meeting, I knew you would put the pieces together and come looking.” He grasped one of John’s hands and pressed it to his lips. John closed his eyes and savored the touch, something he hadn’t felt for far too long.
They both chuckled at the shared memory.
he asked, voice impassive, as if he were examining a new specimen and not his own hand. When John looked blank, Sherlock grasped one hand with the other and stated, clearly, “Centre moteur? Bon ou mauvais?”
“I DON’T OWE YOU AN EXPLANATION, SHERLOCK!” John roared up at him.
tired, my body felt like it was made out of lead, but I had to say something important. “Don’...go...”
he knew. Since he’d only ever been here that one other time, the odds were in favor of the two situations being connected in some way,” John chimed in, before taking another bite of his fish sandwich.
“The person who gets to review the tapes from the surveillance cameras in your flat,” she stated, as if it was a normal, everyday occurrence.
John’s eyes rolled in frustration. “Yeah, so I married Mary, and I’m not proud of having almost strayed, but there was
“SHUT IT, MYCROFT! OR I WILL!” John yelled, in sotted frustration.
The look on Sherlock’s face, accompanied by his daunting, cross-armed posture as he straightened up, made the rest of John’s words die in his throat. His expression was thunderous, sharp eyes glittering with a warning as he looked down at his friend, lover, and flatmate.
him, and we
John,” the voice continued, low and throaty. “My sweet, wonderful, perfect John.”
, Mycroft. Don’t play mind games with me like you do with Sherlock.”
“Wait…what?” John stumbled, nonplussed. “Sherlock, please…explain.”
Someone sat. I heard the screeching of a chair as it moved. “God, what am I going to tell him about Mary?”
A week of radio silence from John Watson, for reason unknown. After being melancholic, Sherlock Holmes makes the best of it and composes “If Baker Street Could Talk”.
“Watson, I'm leaving you.”
"Shut up, Mary. We didn’t ring the bell."
On the last day of May, a third body was found. Again, a male prostitute, sedated, poisoned, crucified. There were already some rainbow flags raised in the streets. We passed some banners on our way. If it were possible, the crime scene was even more depressing. Everyone worked quietly, grim faces all around. Even Anderson was mute.
all right?”
a lover’s quarrel, a “little domestic” as Mrs Hudson loved to call it behind closed doors, we had made up in no time.
“Somewhere very local, Watson. I expect you like to know where.”
Nothing happened, which frustrated me beyond measure. If I had not the notes, I probably would have left, hot with tears, forlorn and reckless as I visualized myself as a twenty-year-old in Sherrington Hall.
"The house has been in my family for ages. My father died here, as well as my grandfather before him. I spent some years here as a young boy and settled down at Crevecoeur Hall after my return from India.
"Of course, good man. Unless you don't want to. Our newspaper accepts anonymous statements too."
Our client disappeared into the depths of the house, falling into the most complete silence. A real tomb.
"This is a very brave young woman, isn't she, my dear Watson? She must be your type.
HOLMES
Something was odd about today, about London; he could not pinpoint exactly what it was.
at my watch.
Next on the to-do list is taming his curls with hair gel. He ignores the pictures in his mind: him, being almost petted by John; him, purring and being content.
The sleepy coastal town of Sherrington in Dorset was preparing to wake up for
The abbess prides herself on her proper manners and etiquette. For example, she always serves herself small portions. She takes small bites of food so that none might fall out of her mouth or get her fingers too messy. Before taking a drink, she would dab her lip with a napkin so that food doesn't get all over her cup. She goes to great lengths to appear well-mannered and worthy of being an abbess.
I was as confused as our client. We both could not follow the deduction from my partner. He set off the bomb in mere seconds:
And parts of his initial assumption had proven correct.
"A red herring, you mean?" I took another bite from my really excellent ham & egg.
This chapter uses parts of Vivaldi's "The Four Seasons". Already the original author let Holmes play his Winter, so it seemed only fit to take the liberty and remix parts of Vivaldi's sonnet.
"Doctor Watson, come. Sir Lansbury is missing."
There was no comment from Dr Watson.
Was I once again the last to be informed?
Holmes stopped outside the bedroom door. He turned to me and whispered curtly, looking annoyed and angry: “You were right, John. Colonel
“Why do you want to sleep in my bed, Sherlock Holmes?”
“Holmes?” He did not react. I hesitated a second and addressed him again. “Holmes?”
“I was here before, on this beach,” John said sometime later. The two men had found their bench overlooking the sea. The sunset was mesmerizing.
We reached the ocean after roughly half an hour.
“Ha, Mr Holmes! You haven't abandoned us from what I see.”
Up next, Holmes searched in the hearth. Finally, he closed the window again. The magnifying glass disappeared in a pocket. He came back to us. His cheeks
): But I would like to show you a —
"Why, why, why..." House caged me in. He had his peculiar look on his face. The game was on, etc. Only now, I registered he was barely clothed. He practically only wore black boxers. And something around his neck that was surely no collar. Oh, and socks, which I found endearing in a way because it made him look human again. This proved that I had gone crazy because House might be a human being (but only quite) but just no... "Does the good doctor want to tell me something? Come, be a good boy, sit on my lap and tell me all your secrets. Come on, don't be shy..."
"Yes, as a medical officer. I was stationed in Afghanistan."
and read it to us.
“You know that the criminal mind works in deep and devious ways, Watson. However, don’t worry, old chap, if he gives me poison, I simply won’t take it.” Against my will, I could do nothing but chuckle. It was in my nature to be the merrier of us, and when Holmes' agenda is to lift my spirits, I am lost. His charms have worked on me since 1881, and I have been a more than willing subject ever since. “Let me play you a carol, Watson.”
): He was already here.
"With a carriage indeed…”
I cried when he kissed my scar. He kissed my tears away. He held me close, and I held him closer.
“Don’t you see it, John? A cab driver is like Jinn, genie or
.) Your appointment with Moriarty! He ought to receive that packet of letters from you.
Maybe he hoped he could take over Holmes’ place?
This was certainly not the oddest experiment we have ever conducted, but it would get its place in the top 10. Apparently, Sherlock wanted me to stab him with my fingers.
Who they really are, one could only witness during the night. Here, hidden in the darkness, the heat of their bodies warms them up.
"It's over. Brave Mary-Ann. Over to you, Holmes."
John Watson blows a kiss to Sherlock Holmes.
“I’m Sherlock Holmes, and I’m with him.”
Holmes later admitted something similar. He won with the setting: he had crept back into Sherrington Hall. Blushing, he shared the secret with me, in hushed tones that he had taken himself in hand in the bedroom upstairs, imagining it was my hand.
Look here Holmes you have been so kind as to give me a half look into this case —
"If Miss Parker needs a specialist," I continued, "I bow, but I can still take care of her until her doctor arrives."
I overheard Holmes’ mumble at my ear, “The case is complex. But we shall solve it, John.”
HOLMES
As if reading my mind—which not even Sherlock Holmes, consulting detective and the love of my life, was able—Holmes suggested, “let us smoke one last pipe, our work here is done. Perhaps we will reach the afternoon train to London. We will be home for dinner.”
As always, Holmes was unaware of this. He offered me one of his monologues: “David Jones’ father was not only the private valet but also the closest to what one might call a friend and confidant of your grandfather. They were around the same age, shared each other’s trust, and apparently, Jones’ father was the only one who could handle his certain particularities. He disappeared shortly after your grandfather’s death. Unlike you, to be never seen again. The son is sure that there has to be a connection.”
Because, underneath it all, John was an optimist. If there was one rock-hard certainty that had sustained him through the bad times—he thought briefly of Afghanistan—then it was an utter surety that he would come out on top: that the universe would look after him.
Yet, my reasoning got the better part of me for a second, as I interjected: “It’s unnecessary, old boy; after all, we are only here...” I stopped mid-sentence. I hold my breath, realizing what I was about to blurt out; carelessly cruel and so very wrong. I looked at my companion with a guilty and mortified expression. Holmes did not deserve such a sentence; he only deserved love, as I really, truly loved him.
“I can't even imagine it. It was the only thing I could do to catch these criminals and get them to make a mistake.”
.) Ah! You are a bold man Mr Holmes to insinuate such a thing to my face — (
“If I visit a man I'm just friends with, you yell at me. But if you come home drunk from the Criterion, well, that’s my fault! You like to say that it’s not fair that you had to marry a rich woman who is too proud and demanding. Should I have been as poor but beautiful as docile Molly Hooper?”
This isn’t Molly’s intention at all. She hastens after her father, rushing to prepare herself and breakfast.
Holmes, I presumed, had already descended to his basement laboratory.
It was the young woman from the path earlier. Close up, I estimated her age as mid-twenties. I suspected from her clothing that she might be a governess. Her facial structure reminded me of someone, but I could not say whom. Holmes would have deduced her whole life story by then. I was more startled than anything at first. Has she been following me? I flinched, then realised I did not actually care. What was the worst she can do to me? I shrugged, and she settled gently at the other end of the bench.
“Cup of tea would be lovely, thank you. A couple of biscuits too, if you have got them.”
The third telegram was directed to our client: 'Case closed. Daughter on board
"Not without my doctor handy." Sherlock winked and dashed off.
Robert
“Watson, I will have to inform you that our dear landlady does not know about my reawakening Christmas spirit. Otherwise, I am sure that you understand. Mrs Hudson would take advantage of it to make me do some tedious work.”
God, how John wished to have said something.
and asked the girl in.
When I sat at the breakfast table the next morning, I was still very much adrift.
Oh, blast it all!
Sherlock had surprised him - them - by an invitation for a Christmas party. John had been even more baffled when he had entered his old rooms. Not only Mrs Hudson had greeted them but also their found family, Molly, Greg and Mike, but also Sally and Anderson, Janine and Irene Adler. How she had come from death (again!), John had forbidden himself to ask. Further, to get a rouse out of her meddling and hints and fake smiles. Her girlfriend (?) had attended the rather unusual festivity as well. Thank God Mycroft had remained home or wherever his residences these days; the aftermath of the whole debacle that should not be named had strained further since their relationship that had been tested since their first meeting all those years ago.
The young woman lowered her head, ashamed, defeated, and in a small voice, she nodded.
If possible, Mrs Hudson’s smile gets even more radiant. “How lovely! Well, off you go! Have fun!”
“No? That’s curious, as the leader certainly remembers you. I showed him a photo, and he was quite proud to be acquainted with such a prominent figure, Mr X. It wasn’t wise to go there yourself, or at least, without a disguise. As you remind us all too often: you’re an important person. Even with a fake name, he recalled you. He will give testimony in court as well, in exchange for leniency.”
“Gentlemen, please be quiet and leave us in peace.”
"Are you telling me that this year you found the Christmas spirit?" Asked the blond, doubtfully.
: cold-hearted, small-lipped, ruthless.
MORIARTY
If I approved that this freak — apologies — gifted man-child helped us for years? No, I didn’t.
— it would reach London at 11
“Really, Mycroft, I haven’t noticed.”
I'm particularly proud of the final chapter as it provides a plot twist, I *think* no one has caught on yet. Since the beginning, already in the plotting process, I wanted to "pull a Neilman", as he did with 'A STUDY IN EMERALD'. For the people who aren't familiar with it, it's an ACD pastiche by Neil Gaiman, which has a particular spin on 'A STUDY IN SCARLET': the heroes, aka Sherlock Holmes (Vernet) and John Watson, are the baddies, while the narrator and his new companion, the detective, are probably no-other than Moran and Moriarty. However, that "truth" only reveals itself in the very very very last line.
I have no living kin on British soil, I survived Afghanistan, there are always places where a doctor is needed, no reputation required. There are options, but they were not one for me anymore. I closed those doors for a reason, without hesitation or doubt, when I consented to become a true intimate partner of Mr Sherlock Holmes.
John had his hands in Sherlock’s curls, grabbing hard, holding on for dear life, and it should hurt him, but all he heard were whimpers, and him begging, “more.”
The driver swayed in his seat. His chin descended to his chest. One, two, three times. Then he began gently to snore.
The quote about John (= Salim) introducing himself as a mortal man and declaring that he's with him (= Jinn) is from season 2 of AMERICAN GODS. Wherever the star-crossed lovers go on their road trip, he always says this line. Sorry for the potential spoilers!
human. John could see neither his own eyes, nor Sherlock’s, but he guessed they were both alight with mischief and delight.
John had a morbid curiosity. His sister reminded him of this often in the same singsong voice as their mother. In addition, John Watson was no quitter.
“That’s fine,” Mrs Hudson replies, “But get on with it. I can tell this is going to be good just by the look on your face!”
"Miss!" cried the maid out.
... Anyway, a cup of tea, John?”
Jones spoke of his childhood and teenage years, how he had spent his adulthood treasure hunting; here, where in the past ships sunk in catastrophes; sailors found a wet deathbed and their possessions often left for new owners. The rocks that glittered in the sunlight became deadly obstacles when the storm and the wind were blowing, turning the sea into a monstrous beast. Jones clearly had a fondness for sea stories and adventure tales. Perhaps he had wished to be a pirate himself as a boy, I mused. Instead, his dreams had shattered like so many others on the coastline. The disappearance of his father was a black cloud that dimmed even such a glorious day.
“Resolved. Landsbury had just disinherited Mrs Nordon. He even rushed to his lawyer to ensure it.”
All is dark except some lights that turn into rainbow colours in the end.
“Lord! How sad”
I apologize for the events and how they concluded. This outcome wasn’t my intention.
Once John Watson had been a crack-shot. Now he had nothing, save fear of the world-beneath-the-world that meant that he would gladly spend parts of his army pension on London cabs rather than to travel underground. Still, the fogs and darkness of London comforted him, took him in.
SHERLOCK HOLMES
“He kidnaps the kid and hides her in the vault. Finally, he waits until I am called to take charge of this matter. He knows my reputation, and he wants to play on it. He writes the letters, sends them to a well-known newspaper in London. He foresees everything.”
We were re-entering Crevecoeur Hall while continuing our conversation when a maid approached the colonel.
"Not so much when you know about Colonel Landsbury's private life. There was a first will made a few years before his marriage. The second was written at the birth of Adèle. And the third was done four months ago."
Finally, Sherlock Holmes entered the room. His face was dark and his foot lame. Landsbury rushed to find him a chair and inquire about his well being, but Holmes casually dismissed his worried questions.
is the local blacksmith. He always works alone, lives alone and rarely speaks with anyone.
He must really love me because the great Sherlock Holmes was smiling at me.
He whispered a few words in my ear: “We'll
A shrill cry responded to these dry words.
"Certainly not. I will never tolerate it. Do you have a complaint about the fireplace in your room?"
“Adèle was very young. Could she remember Michael Landsbury?
Never had he had someone touch his perineum outside professional capacity, and Dr John H. Watson vowed to himself to never make that error again. Sherlock went for the kill, and Captain John Watson
"I… I don't know."
had replayed in my mind until I climaxed.
Have fun!
The stranger seemed delighted, and not at all suspicious. Instantly, he rambled: “Our group is something special, sir. No wonder that you’re interested. These days, people forget the true spirit, you see? The Days of Jesus on Earth are far away, too far for some. These modern times make it easy, always something else to distract them from the true path. We help them find a way back to God and their faith, easily and effectively: reliving it.” The man was smiling, just barely like a maniac. While speaking, he raised his hands to heaven.
For a second or two John toyed with the idea to use Sherlock’s method of leaving off
“Who’s Greg?”
“Robert. What do you think of Miss Parker?”
That a certain supernatural being does not need to sleep but chooses to do so - that's a nod to Neil Gaiman's famous demon Crowley from 'GOOD OMENS'.
"It all began a month ago. My daughter, her name is Anna, she's barely twenty by then, brought…" - Marley reigned himself in - "introduced this man to me. This man was a seafarer. Not even from The Royal Navy, but a common seafarer. A sailor, can you believe it!"
Sherlock and I parted ways soon after that. I was working the late shift at the local GP surgery. Sherlock mumbled something about research, which could be everything and nothing.
John realised neither that he had left his cane in the taxi, nor that. The second the wooden door shut behind them, a man, wearing a three-piece suit and carrying an umbrella, appeared. The man got in the car and drove it away.
I am torn: should I add, “To give us a second chance”? But before I can utter the ultimate truth, my Watson beats me.
“What?”
Last we heard, Adèle was making tremendous progress in riding...
The little maid seemed embarrassed to speak in front of me. This struck me as odd, but I was ready to take my leave. However, the colonel, annoyed, forced her to speak. Her plea made the already strange situation even more peculiar.
All the same, I had no wish to sit out a meal in silence.
[More knocking.]
John rested his hand on the jinn’s back. Comforted, he slept.
The wedding gift from the blacksmith is the original Lover’s Knot. It might be the best hidden in plain sight wedding ring in all of history.
"She told us you did your job well, but that you were very talkative."
HOLMES: Watson, you are not useless. Close the door. Listen. Maybe you are not yourself luminous, but you are a conductor of light, my friend. A light that shines upon me and... illuminates me.
"Oh, she already thought I was mad when I ordered her. Don't you worry, Wilson?"
“And that's the rub. Robert didn't like the governess, he especially didn't want her to inherit from
Before Lestrade turned around the corner, he looked, and our eyes met. Holmes had been right: Inspector Lestrade was the most capable of the Yard.
WATSON (
HOLMES: At least we will try the bell once more, Professor. (
LESTRADE: —and if you come down tomorrow, there is not a man, from the oldest inspector to the youngest constable, who would be glad to shake you by the hand—
"Indeed," Holmes whispered hoarsely.
, the sleuth investigated and after some stakeout and questioning, they were successful once more. Both teenagers claim to have solved this mystery only during the daytime and outside the school hours and as Christmas is approaching, we will believe them.
John wondered if he has ever seen a traffic jam like it. Maybe there had been an accident. Possibly, John mused. Anyway, John could not stop thinking that he would go slightly fast walking.
“Our horse. It is not dead, but it has both its front legs broken. It suffers. If only I had a gun…”
“Exactly, Watson!” Holmes was so excited that he kissed me.
Johnny Watson!"). At yesterday's lunch, she had slipped that I would surely be here to show his
We glanced at each other and Holmes crawled over there.
"This morning," the inspector snapped. "You understand that these may be the ways of the big city, but here it is out of the question that I let you do so. You don't think about the consequences, about the scandal that your actions generate."
him pace about and spit noisily: “Zimmermann is not the first I have topped. And they never got me yet.”
Therefore, I spent the evening cancelling all appointments for the following week with a smile on my face.
Mr Sherlock Holmes has just arrived in Norwich, and the case is already closed. In the detective's own words: it didn't take him long to figure out what was going on at Crevecoeur Hall.
He had refused tea and biscuits, the latter being suspicious as he loved sweets. In our youth, Nicolas
As much as it pleases him when someone above his own station, be it a nobleman or man of the cloth, pays a visit—and God, did he remember the grace when his archbishop once set foot in the town–, something is pleasing about everyday life when he is the ruler of right and wrong, the maker of fate on earth.
I left Sherlock Holmes smothered in indignation after my last line and joined Landsbury in the living room.
Suddenly Holmes snapped his book shut so loudly that it made me jump.
Holmes did not bat an eyelash and instead continued, “according to my information the estate has been empty some twenty years. We will see for ourselves.”
, however, it was a narrow escape. If it was Sherlock's favourite and he did not get any, it was even worse. Their daughter in a sugar rush and his husband sulking was simply at the end.
an old man’ - "my love."
“Come to bed, John, it’s getting late.”
“Slapping you was a great time, Mr Holmes.”
The young maid humbly approached and
(MORIARTY
There is a roar inside him, screaming against the chains, fighting to break free, but John will battle it down, always has and will. Self-made, self-tortured, self-less: “I… I heard what you’ve said, Sherlock, but...”
And now an overweight, probably diabetic man let himself fall onto our sofa. He was wearing well-made clothes, but probably last season as they don’t fit him properly anymore. He was breathing and perspiring heavily.
MORIARTY: I regret this — not so much on my account — but on yours.
However, Sherlock robbed him of this as well: ten minutes later, he stood in the living room of 221b. He had simply locked-picked the door and broke into the flat.
With Christmas approaching, I could spot ornaments and special offers in the store windows. Choirs were singing on my way and I caught myself humming along with a festive tune I remembered from my childhood. It wouldn't be long until the greetings of the season would be exchanged. I would have to come up with a hiding spot for Holmes' gift soon.
Before John Watson and Sherlock Holmes had even reached 221b, it was as if the magic car—the London cab—had never existed
“Yes, the charm is the downfall of many. What is the outcome of this? Three widows and two dead fiancées.”
She stopped mid-sentence, having finally spotted the girl at the table. Her facial expression reminded John immediately of
Soon the lawyer lost himself in the most off-putting legislative details whose conclusion was as clear as Holmes's, the case if there was a case, was won in advance.
. There is a flower in his lapel as if to say that luck and love are with him, as the flower is a rosebud.
The townspeople need Holmes, but they do not want to need him. If anyone in the nearby area was as skilled as him, they would surely run Holmes out-of-town.
In that case, the table will do quite as well. (
"Ha! You are the London detectives. Miss Parker told us about you. Are you going to find Adèle?"
"Can I be of any help?" I asked eagerly.
“No, John. I don’t want a drink.”
It was a Wednesday evening in July of the year 1895, at the end of a day of steaming,
"There are no visible signs of, let’s say, stabbing, strangulating, or beating. All there are the red marks from the crucifixion. Science has taught us that this method of murder is a terrible way to go. It takes approximately three days to die. Most of the time, it is caused by asphyxiation. However, a cross with a dead body in a city like London being undiscovered for three days? Highly unlikely. No, the murderers have hastened the end to stage this spectacle."
There was a house on the little hill near the cliffs of Dorset. Today, it was simply the home of the Watson-Holmes family; however, the inhabitants of the village nearby knew the history of Sherrington Hall.
"That you won't get anywhere now. Rest! It is already late." He gave me a little smile as I got up to go to the bedroom. "Tomorrow, at eight o'clock sharp, we will take the train to Norwich," I continued. "If you wish, of course…"
“No, John. That would be excellent. Sadly, it’s impossible. I can only leave someone once their three wishes are granted. However, I can speed up things by giving them clues on what to wish for. Therefore, knowledge about a person and my own skills come in rather handy. There are only so many idiots one can endure for all eternity.”
“That you under no circumstances interrupt my work again. They are very delicate and any disturbance in an inopportune moment could ruin everything. Everything is that clear. Under any circumstances. Promise me, John. “
“That scream almost cost me my life.”
his pants get too tight.
John learned quickly that living with Scarlet wasn’t so much different than living with Sherlock.
"I don't understand your stubbornness. Why do you not agree to help him?"
Holmes questioned the maid, Mary-Ann, for a few minutes alone. When he came back to me, he wore a small smile.
and sent the skull to Mycroft (
“Well, let us say that such a science is seminal. It is exactly that problem which I am wrestling in the house's basement. I set up a laboratory of sorts down there where I can conduct some experiments. Progress is promising. If the results are as I expecting, they will certainly send Tobias Organ to the gallows. However, Organ is an utterly ruthless villain. He is undoubting guilty of several murders but smart enough to blame it on others. If he would gain even an inkling of my work, you would be in the utmost danger.”
I wandered downstairs to Mrs Hudson’s apartment and found her still absent.
Now Holmes had left me with a mission, and my mind was still occupied with him instead.
“...”
It was Cartridge.
The day of the concert. Wise words by Mrs Hudson: "All will be well. Just you wait, be patient, don’t spook my boys, and then the wall will be down at last..."
“I believe it to be widely known that I am a conservative.”
is always enticing. But he didn't teach me anything. I must admit that our man's way of playing is quite clever. He called a porter and waited quietly outside the door at 221b Baker Street. The porter would have sworn that this man was indeed from 221b. He was indeed Mr Sherlock Holmes.”
However, it had been all a magic trick.
“Christmas begins with this man out of my side
And this is the end! Thank you so very much for reading it. It brought us (author & translator) such pleasure to see the stats because it was our most wish to introduce this story to a new generation.
First, we talked about the countryside, the events of today (a censored version, obviously), and some of our most thrilling cases. David Jones proved to be a fan of the great detective and a skilled storyteller himself.
"It’s your fault, Watson. It was you who infected me with the business of Christmas and decorations, after all in the past you and Mrs Hudson have always wanted at all costs to decorate Baker Street despite my grievances," the detective said, sounding almost like reading his mind. He took a decoration from the chest then began to look at the tree, with an absorbed look.
"Did you serve in India, Dr Watson?"
"No, but I didn’t take Adèle. I AM INNOCENT."
This businessman wears a beaver hat from Denmark and has expensive-looking boots. He speaks seriously, so everyone knows how wealthy and successful he is. Obsessively, he ensures that the navy maintains order in the North Sea between England and Scandinavia. He plays the markets well and sells a lot of Danish money in currency exchanges.
"You're going to have to be strong, Miss Landsbury… Adèle… Your daddy is dead."
John had seen his eyes.
Sometime later, I estimated the time to be around three. Holmes shook me from my rest.
I placed down another of Mrs Hudson's delicious baked goods on my plate. Afterwards, I contemplated if I should delay my inquiry but I decided against it. In my long personal experience, Holmes yelled at everyone, except me. And if Christmas faced his wrath for a second, I was positive that it could handle it.
and went along the path of what I assumed to be the shortest way to the ocean. Jones, familiar with the surroundings, never left my side, unlike Holmes, who dashed away from time to time; Jones altered his step to match mine. It was rather nice. We passed some locals, exchanging some pleasantries as we
“The doctor took her on one horse. I fired the rifle but missed it. She didn't look alive anyway, as her arms were hanging out in the air.”
MORIARTY
“Why should that be the case, Mr Landsbury?” I couldn't help but ask, regaining my composure and having less of the urge to kick this impudent character's ass. Further, it had always made me angry when someone insinuates that my Holmes wasn’t as smart as I believed him to be.
If they are fortunate, only one of them dies while the other has to bury their partner and mourn them forever. It might be a twisted version of a fairy tale, but that's what fairies deserve, don't they?
Their daughters, Cordelia and Cecilia, were the black sheep, or so had their father, a widower like John, with a wink and a broad smile had told them. Apparently, the twin sisters had no interest in taking over the family business, but they were enthralled by the fixer-upper. They had got on with Rosie like a house on fire.
“That’s precisely what I mean. So maybe you prefer to forget my secret rather than consent to becoming a prisoner here what might be several days.”
It is the warrior, a man who isn’t going down without a fight, who changes their fate. Once more he has a powerful dream. It isn’t a memory from the war but the God of War himself.
"Where the hell have you been, Holmes?" I cried out. "Are you injured?"
See wikipedia for more infos: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sherlock_Holmes_(play).
John gathered that this was the safer of his questions he’d like to answer. Therefore, he nodded.
"Yes. I see Robert has been gossiping. He's an incorrigible talker, but he does his job remarkably well. The colonel is waiting for you in the living room. Please stay at Crevecoeur Hall during the investigation. Please, gentlemen, follow me."
One last time I had wanted to be brave. To test the waters for more than friendship.
Watson reaches down between his legs, lightly stroking himself as Holmes presses his fingers in. Soon he rocks back against his fingers once more, and that is when Holmes slaps his hand away.
It's been a week, and every morning starts the same. It should be routine by now, boring. But in reality, it sends a shiver through Sherlock's body.
As a young man, John Watson had believed that children would destroy their well-balanced partnership. With Alice in the picture, everything would fall apart. It was in those precious minutes, pursuing the Bird Master, that the truth hit home. Yes, he handled the fall, but his greatest error was to underestimate the girls.
Stanley seemed to think for a few moments, but not knowing how to counter Holmes, he nodded: "After all, why not? But we'll see that when we get it.
"I like to think of it as opportunistic", Sherlock replied and hoped that he sounds as he used to be back in the old days: confident, full of mischief, a good friend - and someone to be trusted. Someone John had been in awe with; someone who John had followed willingly and without questioning; someone who had
How could something so right had gone so terribly wrong?
Sherlock was draped across his body, ensuring that they would not drift apart in sleep.
The poor little one seemed stunned. "It was you, Colonel Landsbury, who insisted on studying her references. You kept them, didn't you?"
Off he went, and John followed him, sensing that this would be his life from now on.
“John, I
"What's going on, Mrs Hudson?" asked Holmes, lacking any courtesy.
“The pecks of shagging a Jinn,” teased John.
a knock at the front door, so John went looking. Why Sherlock hasn’t entered through the window is baffling. However, John focuses on the other oddity: the return of Sherlock Holmes. John Watson does not faint, but it’s a close thing.
Slim gave us directions, covering them as much as possible as hand gestures. The barman didn
“Oh, I already did. I met him. Do not scoff, Watson, please, my dear. I had to do it. I could not do it with you by my side; it would be too much of a distraction. I could not tell about lovers and you...” I detected a roughness in his voice. He was spotting a real blush on his cheeks now. I wanted to have my wicked way with him immediately, and I was confident that he shared my sentiment. It took him an effort to push on. “And I couldn’t be sure how he would react. No worries, as I will tell him an adventure tale as well, that he had vanished, but only to go treasure hunting. That he had abandoned him, but only because he had realized that he was a man enough to make it without him and that he, the son, who shared the same interest, would surely understand. That he wrote a letter to him to explain it all, but that it got lost. However, surprise, I had discovered it.”
"The Daily Telegraph has received a new letter from our raven. Of course, I am not the author. If I summarize my actions over the past few hours, I have gone from failure to disappointment. At
not yet bring myself to
Ah, I thought so. Left-hand coat pocket. As he is not feeling quite himself today, and the exertion might prove injurious, suppose you attend to it.
"With bells on."
Sherlock had created a list in his mind palace. He was no fool to let a sentence slip or something. No, the timetable could not even be found on his heavily password-protected computer. When people had asked why he went to such length, he had always referred to Rosie - Watson - and then all their eyes had gone soft, and Sherlock had only felt a bit bad for playing them. He had argued for himself, it would be beneficial for her as well when his father... when John...
"Of course, we have blueprints."
And therefore the medallion never found its way into the depths of the ocean because this is a love story. Daniel Jones' grandfather and my grandfather survived, as well as Holmes and me. They are dead by now and we will soon follow, but just as water flows in a circle, so
She had worn her favourite dress. Her brown hair was tied in a single braid. Her cheeks were so rosy that I could not even say if they or the roses were a truer red.
John wanted to know more. How did one become a jinn? Was there a school? How old
At least, he proved to be Sherlock left with the villain and left them all behind at the rip. Sherlock chose Alice.
“Splendid, Watson.” He drew a breath. Then his beautiful eyes fixed on me. “Kiss me, John.”
“That would be marvellous
was a clear, cold night, and if we wished, we could have gone stargazing.
“Believe me, madam.”
Mr Holmes said that while he continued to hold Dr Watson in high esteem and regard him as a man of exceptional honour and professional competence, circumstances in which he could not and would not elaborate had made it necessary to separate ways.
like a god and three times. It’s something that all humankind seeks. Men are so predictable.”
frantic to come in.
, has no husband or fiancé."
I don't like the tone Landsbury used, harsh and vile. He seemed ready to end it all. I was partly grateful that Mrs Nordon was not present. Who knows what Landsbury would have said or even done to her in such a state of fury? Finally, Colonel Lansbury rose, his gaze fierce, determined to act. He approached the door. Before leaving, he said to me: "Either way, I will disinherit her. "
A woman would know better than I how to console a child.
Then John H. Watson's reaction was the same as back when he first came here: "Bloody Dorset!"
“You were a remarkable adversary, Landsbury.”
Holmes was hit by the blow, even though it went unobserved by the inspector. We hurried to read the article together. It was from
John had there at ten-thirty, half an hour before his appointment. Now he sat there, flushed and shivering, wondering if he was running a fever. The time ticked by so slowly.
So, Adèle run.
hardly breathe. I sensed Holmes near me—
"Mr Marley!"
, don’t you see? You were but you didn’t listen. And, oh, yes, he’s grateful that you helped him, Molly, sentiment
"Which is?"
After knocking on the door, we entered. The housekeeper's room was simply decorated. It was a fairly small room. A few paintings depicting landscapes hung on the wall. A photograph of Adèle sat enthroned on the head of the fireplace. There were various bottles on a little table near the windows containing perfumes or medicine.
(HOLMES
“I am afraid, not, Watson. It is an experiment of a…” - I witnessed with astonishment and wonder how his normally so pale cheeks redden. What a lovely image of the warm firelight! - “more personal nature. One I dearly hope to depend on the aid of my ever-loyal Boswell…”
Oh, it is delightful to kiss Sherlock Holmes. The first kiss we shared was innocent and sweet, unsure and hesitant, but what followed... by Jove. I am in love! I said as much: “Sherlock, I love you.” Oh, and what a joy to hear his awe in his voice and see his eyes shine and to listen to his, “John, I love you too”.
John Watson lowered his head further and wept.
“Of course. Where do you think I would be?
This story had gotten under my skin in a way that no other had. It was partly because it happened to me. More than that, it happened at my childhood home. It was because whatever happened—whether we would solve the case—Baker Street would never be the same after this.
The door that connected this room with the front of the basement was six or seven short paces away. I tested each step before lowering my weight and moved with the floating motion of a rather overweight pantomime artist.
“What do you see?”
That he was a man not only with many talents but also able to multitask, Sherlock proved by still being nose-deep in his phone when he asked the first question:
Originally, the story contained some military talk between Colonel Landsbury and Captain John H. Watson. However, the content would be a bit not good for modern readers as it perpetuated stereotypes. I pondered long if I should simply warn for it, but in the end, I decided to cut it out and substitute it with the Dickens quote:
Over the run of the day, John Watson is not thinking about last night’s. Nor his morning’s or possibly tonight’s events. Dr John H. Watson is far too occupied with finding excuses to return home as late as possible.
This chapter is basically an evening with friends, comfort food and whine, with the twist that the groups are separated. Ironically (even I didn't know it when I plotted the fic), it's the same for many of us tonight. To sum it up: I wish you a great evening and as much as fun as possible (at least as much as those five "adults" have :))
One last look at the young woman, then we parted ways. I bid Inspector Stanely goodbye and then I returned to Crevecoeur Hall.
“No, Watson. Ignore the ankle; it is not important now. You will be my legs and my eyes. As we all know, you’re constantly underestimated.”
That Nicolas had rushed to Baker Street, twice so far, in such a state no less, seemed suspicious to me suddenly.
As the years went on, the weathered body of an ex-soldier had fewer urges and more need for comfort. To have the body of his love near him in a proper bed (if only for one) was a sanctuary, a home for a borrowed time.
a quick spark crossed the intelligent gaze of the detective, followed by a mischievous smirk, “It’s a popular custom. I can show you my studies tomorrow when you come to Baker Street to pass the greetings of the season to Mrs Hudson."
Unable to do so, I cut short the inspector's elated remarks, disdaining Holmes' sharp gaze before calling for silence.
“I thought that John Watson was dead.”
): I observe your boy does not answer the bell.
Suddenly, I felt sorry for him. Our visitor looked completely deflated. All energy had left him.
"John, my dear friend, someone like you is singular. It‘s good to know that you are at my side, always.
His final approach was “sentiment” that Sherlock wisely substituted with “feelings”.
“The bourgeois is getting angry. Sorry, Milord!”
And... back to the blacksmith and his guard!
WATSON: You have given me some idea of it. Now, would you be only fair to let me have the rest?
Real talk: I feared he blackmailed me into it because of my guilt. Technically, I knew, we all knew, that Moriarty was to blame for Sherlock’s death, but it isn’t so easy when you’re involved.
According to Mrs Hudson, who overheard their talk, it goes:
“The locals in Afghanistan swore that they had seen Jinn, late one evening, on the edge of the desert. We told them it was just a sandstorm, a little wind, but they said no, they saw its face, and its eyes, like yours, were burning flames.”
After a short greeting, Holmes took up the conversation: “I promised to protect you and I will keep my word, Mrs Nordon. This is Mr Cavendish. He agrees to take charge of your business.”
“But your ballistic experiment,” I said. “Would they not be enough to convict him?”
, and I
"Very well, my dear Watson," he sighed. "I will lie down my reasoning, so hopefully you will leave me at peace. Colonel Landsbury's wife died when Adèle was four. She is an only child, as you repeatedly said. He is desperate and rich, but he has received no ransom demands yet…"
Silence and the impatient huff ignored. What Sherlock cannot articulate, his daughter did tenfold. "Amazing, Dad. Brilliant, is it not, Papa?"
He rushed out, breathing heavily.
“Come on now, chin up! Be merry! He only speaks when he absolutely has to!” Sally Donovan is a pragmatic soul, and tonight her comments are helpful. Her own tale is pretty funny too, for one of the youngest at the table, she’s experienced: "I sat next to one man once in the tavern. All evening, he was drinking and eating like a beast. He swore he was starving, and not only for food. Yet, when I had him in my bedchamber at last, he was partly grunting and partly snoring already - and his pick was the size of a sausage!"
"What are your next plans, Inspector?" I asked.
"Do you deny your name was Mrs Jane Nordon?"
The lights were dancing in front of my eyes, my head was spinning. I had difficulty standing, but I held on. For nothing in the world, I would not show my weakness in front of this man.
“Sorry if I made you feel you weren’t incredible. You are incredible.”
“What do you say, Watson?”
Ten minutes later, Sherlock whimpered. He had begged John to touch him, “everything, my love” had been the hushed reply.
“I'm sorry, Mr Landsbury, but the Colonel's will is very clear on this point. You inherit nothing since a natural child of your uncle will be born.”
When the lovers see each other, their eyes show their determination to meet their destiny. Because Sherlock Holmes and John Watson both are thinking: It's him or no one else.
And now, decades after he has started this journey as a founding son, life offers him another chance: to be a father.
Watson makes a noise suspiciously like a sob—which then degrades into a loud, keening wail as Holmes’s long finger lands against his prostate. His cock twitches sharply, heavy and erect between his thighs.
Therefore, all that is left is the memory of John's exclamation of wonder (“Beautiful”).
when you got in. You’ve exhibited no discomfort ever since—as if you’ve forgotten about it, so it’s at least partly psychosomatic. That says the original circumstances of the injury were traumatic. Wounded in action, then. Wounded in action, suntan—Afghanistan or Iraq.”
They would smile at each other like they used to do when they were young girls, believing in love and that it could conquer it all. There are wrinkles on their faces when their eyes meet these days. Their hairs are grey, their small frame tiny now. Yet, when they share their private smile it’s brighter than the sun.
Today, no animals have made their way into the church. Molly is disappointed as she recalls a shriek by Moriarty when a determined goat chased him one memorable Sunday.
Having said his piece, he shifted his focus to the Christmas tree. Oh, yes, even a tree could be found in our rooms this winter. I could not wrap my head around this; I had to find the underlying cause of all this.
a dog.
Silence, awkward as fuck.
Our client hesitated, took another sip of brandy, then another, clearly stalling. Finally, he said: "It's my fault. I threw her out three weeks ago."
... don't tell me that this case sounds less realistic. Have you watched the show? That's part of the fun. It's hilarious. Futhermore, the ep celebrating/crossreferencing X Files? Awesome.
So let me just pick up the story, right where it will end.
"Haven't I taken too long?
"How did you hire her?"
is now. Holmes' ability has limits, so he relies on me.
“Excuse me?”
John released his fist that had subconsciously cramped into a ball and refused to cry.
Naturally, the tale lured the adults in as well. For obvious reasons, John was more sympathetic towards his namesake. His Sherlock still claimed that love stories (except theirs, naturally) are above him. The mystery, however, thrilled him. Of course, he observed the details and deduced the solution far earlier. Yet, even as his gleaming eyes and tapping fingers showed his excitement
Oh, how I hate this Norton!
Only a human that John had feared for the worst; for the first hour, he had been on constant alert. He, the ex-soldier, had always found ordinary life the most depressing and challenging. Even before he joined the army, normal human interaction and reaction were a riddle. Sure, he had blended in fine - always the unassuming. Good man, good boy, good soldier, good doctor, well, all was well - but there had been cracks in the mask, and since meeting Sherlock, they had resurfaced. Not only Sherlock's path had demons.
Sergei made a disgusted sound as he slowly straightened up, his shoulders cracking audibly. Then, in one fluid movement, he spun and punched John in the gut. Sherlock couldn’t see anything, but the ragged, paroxysmal gasps, combined with some retching, told him all he needed to know. The huge figure turned back toward Sherlock.
between them until someone nearby started screaming. They turned around in time to see a young woman in a two-piece bathing suit stand up, wringing her hands, as bright red blood spurted from a wound in her left shoulder. She dropped as if pole-axed.
“FINE!” A moment’s thought, then, “Do we need anything else first?”
different, John.”
and being able to see things that other people can’t. But, yes, I was also made fun of and...hurt for liking boys. A lot of people don’t like that,”
.” He could almost hear her sardonic smile as she stood beside the bed. “Not at the present time, my dear Sherlock. Let’s just say it’s in someone’s best interests that you be here and leave it at that.” He felt her gently apply the riding crop to his clavicle and then proceed to drag it down the length of his body, stopping just short of his groin. “My, my…where some people dress up nicely, I must say that you…
“I like Mrs. Hudson.”
,” Sherlock moaned, staring around him at the bright colors, cheerful music, and screaming children as though he had entered the Ninth Ring of Hell.
Sherlock was gnawing on his lip again. “Does this mean you’re already bored with me?”
“Of course. It’s my solemn duty.”
something about it.”
with it! Why call
Ella leaned the end of her pen against her lower lip and regarded him thoughtfully. “You’re frustrated.”
upon me?” Sherlock asked, pointedly. “You
What is that music? God, it’s bloody awful! Sounds like a bleeding funeral! Where am I?
“APPLES AND ORANGES, JOHN! Why do
could have before without suspicion, I rolled my eyes and crossed my arms. “
“It hit the edge of the pool between the two of us and skipped off, striking the victim on the rebound,” Sherlock added, calmly.
Deep sigh. “Can I have a rest after that?”
A small, tender hand touched his face. His eyes opened. Rose whispered, “I’m sorry, Papa. I wish I could punish those bad people who hurt you.”
“Mine,” Lestrade replied, sullenly. “Had him since he was a pup. Became fully sentient at some point. Wasn’t a dog at all.”
Sherlock smiled down at her indulgently. His shirtsleeves were cranked up over his elbows and his silk neckline was speckled with large wet dots. Rosie liked to splash.
was it. John launched himself at Mycroft, who made no move to stop him. Instead, he steadied himself against John’s attack, his eyes meeting John’s with a glint of steel.
. This was his
sleep—half-draped over the bed and Sherlock, one hand resting on the other’s heart.
“Hey, it’s the bell-end again!” John chirped from his position against the opposite wall.
the boys if I ever went to Scotland Yard with what I knew! My husband was a druglord, a blackmailer, a womanizer, and a
Shaking his head in disbelief, John continued, “Honest to God, Greg. I could...I could feel him, inside me, controlling my body, and all I could do was watch. He was stronger than I was, angry...” He clutched at Lestrade’s coat desperately, his knees becoming spongy.
“Thank you.”
“How did you
>>>***<<<
? Do you watch when we…?”
“Upset that I didn’t follow?”
Sherlock grinned. “…me, in our bedroom, right now!” he finished, grabbing John by the wrist and dragging him out of his chair and in the direction of their bedroom. “I’ve been thinking about a lot of things I would like to say to you in there…now that I
John turned to face Sherlock and said, in a miserable tone of voice, “Why does this shit keep happening to me?”
Pursing his lips in thought, Sherlock tried again. “John, if it’s of any comfort to you, when Sergei attempted to rape me, I...thought of
threats, familial or no.” The voice was gentle, sincere. “I’ve had someone following you for most of your adult life, keeping me apprised of both potential
“And those pants make your bum look great,” John added with an eyebrow waggle.
that way to the
“Bath time, Unca Sherla!” she had burbled, jumping up and down and smearing more mud than was necessary. She knew how fastidious he was, so he
“Calm down, you’re not impressing anyone,” John said, tired of the brute’s futile posturing. “I haven’t got time for this. You will tell me, right now, where you have taken my friend and who paid you to abduct him.”
come about?”
John stared. No, he
Sherlock’s response showed John that he had asked
“Clarify,” Mycroft urged him, quietly. “Why does that make you angry?”
Moriarty came immediately to mind. I asked, “So where do the criminals and wrongdoers go when they die?”
“Yes, I’m sure you can, but I like to help. Is that all right?” he asked, pausing with the cup still in his hand.
She stomped her foot again. Sherlock sat back in his chair and raised his book again, eyes still fixed on the tiny force of nature standing between their chairs, as if wary of what was to come.
same thing. Sherlock’s body language suddenly changed. He straightened up and stood on one hip, his head canted provocatively.
have. It depends on if you have the will...”
John threw his head back, blinking back tears. God. Whatever I did to deserve this man, it clearly wasn’t enough.
A sweet but tentative smile drifted across Sherlock’s lips as he squeezed John’s hand, but his eyes were still shadowed. “Then what about your laptop…”
him. I want his information. With
“I think that, maybe, Rosie should sleep down here tonight,” Sherlock suggested.
Lestrade looked stunned. “The officer you accused of stealing...they found evidence from the dead man’s pocket right where you said it would be! ID, credit cards, keys...the lot. He admitted he had a gambling problem and that his life was falling apart...”
sometimes. I had deleted that information since I requested that he not work on any more of our cases.”
A twitch of shoulders, as if burrowing down deeper into a hole.
Uncharacteristically, Mycroft extended a hand and patted John on the shoulder solicitously, a faint look of dismay tainting his usually bland expression. “This is
“Should I add another finger?” Sherlock asked. John nodded, his mind already slipping away. Sherlock withdrew his fingers and added a third, sliding in even more slowly and carefully than before. Before he was even halfway inserted, John arched again. “Fuck! Oh, fucking hell! Keep going babe, keep going, fuck, that’s so good,
“Deaded,” came the reply. “Just box me up and put me in the closet. I’m done.”
“Pointless. I can just make more,” Sherlock droned.
“Uh, Sherlock, I think that chair over there…just flipped us the bird.”
“He was stealing stuff from the
“Yeah, everyone is, according to you, but what’s this I hear about two of you being attacked
Sherlock lowered his eyes and said, quietly, “Better me than you.”
John moaned internally.
“Again, of course, John. What are you getting at?”
were. He was using it to frighten them, making fear the unknown work in his favor. Poor John; so much in the dark...
“Did you know, brother mine, that Magnussen came to my hospital room after Mary shot me?” Sherlock remarked, casually.
. “You are causing significant distress to my brother, and I want it to stop,
. It made his pulse pound in his ears and heated his blood to boiling.
to be the right direction for Baker Street.
>>>***<<<
Without moving, he held up one hand. Between two fingers lay a small vial, identical to the one John had thrown into the fireplace. “As you can see, I can always make more. Do you think I bother to work in small quantities when faced with pain of this magnitude, John?” He closed his hand and, when he extended his fingers again, another vial had appeared between the next two fingers, identical to the first. “It’s really quite simple to create these little doses of comfort, you see.” Once again, he closed his hand and, when he opened it again, there were three vials, one held in each space between his fingers.
of him, to be as
“You’ve been sitting on that one, haven’t you?” John squinted at him.
“All I could think of was how you could have done it better. How your lips were fuller and more passionate, your fingers more clever and agile...so, basically, I stopped because she wasn’t you. And I didn’t go back afterwards for exactly the same reason.”
“We’ve only covered five…”
“Helped get convicted of murder? Yes, I remember. However, he’s long gone, so how does this all fit in together?” Sherlock responded.
“I have the plans! Follow my directions to get out!” came the tinny voice again.
It was true. The view out their patio doors and past the white cement balcony was
John was shocked. “No! He promised he was
>>>***<<<
Sherlock smiled as he accepted the passes. “Thank you, sir. Your company is not at fault for the actions of a ruffian who was directing ill intentions toward my husband and me. I’m sure we will have a very good time. Come, John,” he said as he turned and walked out of the security office with a confused and angry John in tow.
I stuck around, too, of course, not wanting to venture into the afterlife without my blogger, best friend, and love interest. I discovered, interestingly enough, that love transcended the death of the physical body. While I used to lust after John in the material, I now realized how much more I appreciated John’s mental, emotional, and spiritual qualities without the physical getting in the way. John was, in my opinion, an admirable being deserving of everything good that could come his way. And I was determined to make that happen for him.
Sherlock just gazed back nonchalantly. “I am introducing her to different languages as a way of improving the expression of her intelligence. Learning multiple languages helps...”
out here.”
A subterranean nod. “Better.”
, people just smile and say, ‘that’s Sherlock, he’s always been that way.’ You’re quite the legend here.”
“Aw, don’t worry about it. He’s not long for this world, anyhow,” the driver laughed. “Thought you were going to turn us over to the coppers, eh? Mr. Sherlock Holmes, Big Name Detective back home. You’re not much
me with it? Or were you thinking along…
John blew a deep breath out his nose. “First off, Sherlock, she’s not a head-shrinker, she’s a psychologist. And, no, she isn’t suggesting any such thing. She’s concerned about you, just as I am.” He spoke softly, trying not to provide any ammunition for Sherlock to lob back at him. “You know as well as I that you’ve changed. Ever since…”
John, still glaring, came around the foot of the bed and approached the two. “
liar.”
Additional Tags: Fluff and Angst, Happy Ending, Pre-Johnlock, rosie is a handful, Paternal Sherlock, Pining Sherlock, Oblivious John, bathtime for rosie, the truth comes out, Cuteness overload
consideration…”
Sherlock didn’t even bother to turn around. He caught Rosie’s expression as she pursed her lips in annoyance at her father.
John felt Sherlock place one of his large hands over both of John’s smaller ones where they lay upon his chest. “I’m sorry, John. I forget sometimes how hard this must be for you, too. Irene didn’t just torture me, she…” His deep voice quavered, breaking at the edges, “She damaged something inside me that I haven’t been able to piece back together yet. My mind just spirals down into this dark place where she’s waiting…waiting for me to come back…” John felt Sherlock’s body tremble and he held him close, his cheek pressed into the scarred back. “I feel… immobilized by doubt and fear. The things she said, John,” a shiver ran through his entirety, “were almost worse than the blows she administered. They were vile, meant to maim and destroy whatever was inside your mind and heart. She used the riding crop as punctuation.” He breathed deeply, trying to regain control. “She certainly knew her business.”
Maybe this is some kind of illness, or toxin, or...poison…
than me...”
Anthea snorted delicately. “No. Mycroft called Sherlock about a case and found him
“I don’t know. Can’t see anything. Absolutely black in here. Can’t hear anything outside. You?”
“Yes, John. Always yes,” he murmured and their lips met again, deeper and more passionate this time. John reached up to weave his fingers into that crazy mane of ringlets and gently grabbed a fistful of it, eliciting a soft moan. Their breaths came more and more in uneven gasps as their passion intensified, fuelled by long months of self-denial and uncertainty. Sherlock rolled on top of John, pressing him into the mattress, covering every possible inch of John’s body with his. They reveled in the touch and feel of each other, hands reaching and fondling, each of them grabbing at the other without thought, only need. John allowed Sherlock to take control, to guide their lovemaking and set his own pace. Their overarching desire was for
“Short version?” John ticked off each point on his fingers. “Lived on Tattooqueen, bought droids, got attacked by the empire, family killed, met a jedi, got your message, rented a ship, left planet, captured by empire, rescued you, here we are.” He shrugged. “It’s all kind of a giant fuck-up, to be honest.”
. Sherlock shook his head and mouthed, “No!” but John wasn’t having any of it. He twisted in his bonds until his hands were scraped and bloody, teeth gritted in concentration.
“I think we’re getting there,” John agreed as he walked two mugs of tea out to the living room and handed one to his friend. He reclaimed his own seat, took a sip of tea, and made a face. “I think the milk’s going bad. I’ll have to go buy some more. Want to come?”
, if you will, sort of like a 19
We all looked at him in sympathy. “That,” I clarified, “was Mrs Hudson.”
“Nevermind, Agent Doyle. If you never ran into him, all the better for you. Is there some way that you could leak word to ‘the boys’ that I have sussed out their identities and have proof of their illegal dealings?
Even Sally Donovan and Anderson were pleased to see him. Sally didn’t call him ‘freak’ once and was inordinately solicitous of him. Anderson bounded around him like a newly-adopted puppy, a big grin on his face.
“Shut it, Dogboy! If you think it’s so easy,
“Hmph. Flattery,” he mumbled, turning his head toward the voice. It was a
Rosie giggled.
John fished out a skillet and a few eggs, some milk and cheese, and yelled out, “Omelets?”
closed that door
“That is the only number I know,” Sherlock lied. That had been the emergency, ‘I’m in deep shit’ number he had never used before.
When the music trailed away at the end, Sherlock bowed before John, breathing hard. As he stood back up again, John said, “that was...
A notion struck him, suddenly. He leaned down and asked, “Did you say there was a new detective at the Yard?’
“Thanks for the unsolicited advice,” John grumped.
“No more sex holiday,” John finished. “So, what do you want to do, sleuth or fuck?”
Turning back to face Mycroft, John screwed up his face and said, “Huh? Is this another one of your bloody puzzles, Mycroft?”
“Ah, your network. Of course.”
Sherlock sighed. She was, like her father, stubborn. This wouldn’t be easy. “I’m worried, that’s all,” he said, succinctly.
John turned back to Rosie. “Well, love, Kaitlyn and I went to a nice seafood restaurant, where the nice lady proceeded to purchase the most expensive item on the menu, only to complain it wasn’t what she expected after eating half of it and sending the rest back. Then she drank a whole lot of wine and became very silly and hard to talk to.
“Prat.”
wasn’t enough to merit my waking up to greet it, though.
“I do
, Sherlock?
Barely suppressing a smile, John kissed Sherlock on the head like a petulant child and conceded the argument. “All right, love. Your choice.”
John snuggled closer, molding himself to Sherlock’s back, hips, and thighs. “God, you feel so good, it’s like I can’t get enough of you.”
go,” John stated with great determination.
was the one who looked annoyed. He cocked his head insolently to one side and focused his intense gaze on his lover. Quietly, but with purpose, he asked, “Why is this so important, John?”
Sherlock’s eyes closed and his face went rigid, as if he was preparing for something unpleasant.
“Just being kind,” John shrugged, “and providing a bit of a pain-killer.”
of you, you need to be looking for that darling little girl, not beating the pants off of each other,” she chided. As she lowered the weapon, she said, “Now, get out there and find her! I’ll keep looking around here!?” When they hesitated, she shouted, “GO!”
“Oh, my God...
anymore, Sherlock? When did
daughter, Sherlock,
saying it—and I don’t want to get involved with any local crimes. Didn’t you hear the FBI agent?” John hissed back.
John was shocked. “N-no! I’m here to rescue you! I’ve brought Mori-wan Iarty...”
“True. However, I wouldn’t have made it to Serbia.” The comment was suspiciously off-hand.
A muted chuckle. “Please make sure we can both find
in this world, Sherlock? Did you
John’s smile vanished in an instant. He turned his head to gauge Mycroft’s reaction.
The server stared at Sherlock in disbelief.
It was the best sex holiday
the feeling has returned, would you?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. Ever the sharp tack, his John. “She has arranged the date for us that
room service.”
Sherlock laid back with a sigh of relief. “Oui, s’il te plait.”
“How can I make him wake up?” that familiar, baritone voice asked, half-whispering. “I’ve said just about everything I could to rouse him. I’ve even kept him apprised of my progress, such as it is.”
Rosie smacked her lips and nodded. “Yes, Papa.”
“I love you, you silly git.”
“No, that was my father,” John grumped. “Gave him the courage to be the abusive bastard he was and numbed any regrets he might have had afterwards.”
“’Less than’ what?” Mycroft inquired, looking after the departed figure.
“Yeah, yeah, I do, but, right now, I want to be face-to-face. Can you handle that? How’s your back?”
John, curled up into a fetal position, enshrouded in my comforter. He was making little noises, almost like a crying puppy. His face was still damp with tears, his complexion mottled from crying. My entire being felt like it was being squeezed under pressure . I reached down to touch his shoulder but, as expected, my hand went right through him. I pulled back and watched, wishing to God I could do
“None.” She continued texting.
“Who?”
him!” The sound of coherent plasma blades striking each other was sharp and staticky. “He’s in the brig as we speak!”
>>>***<<<
Sherlock shot bolt upright on the bed, supported on his arms. His eyes were wide; his expression, shocked. “
!” Sherlock spat these last words defiantly.
“But, what about the physical injuries…?”
“Boys, could you please keep it down up there?” a birdlike voice chimed in from the first floor.
“Agreed.”
John finally moved, his eyes looking away in guilt. He dropped his hand on top of Sherlock’s and patted it self-consciously. “No, Sherlock, this is nothing
John had to stifle a laugh, even though Sherlock obviously considered this to be a sticking point. He lovingly caressed the side of Sherlock’s face, running a thumb over a not-as-sharp-as-it-used-to-be cheekbone and whispered back, “I think I’ll be able to figure out what you want, love. You’re not exactly a great talker in the bedroom, anyway, are you?”
Since he was halfway impaled already on John’s considerable length and girth, Sherlock made the decision to deal with his grumpy sex partner appropriately. Taking a deep breath and releasing it, he bore down one more time and engulfed the entirety of John’s massive edifice. The sensation of it filling him utterly snapped his last, tenuous connection to rationality. He moaned loudly just as John swore creatively and banged the back of his head on the headboard by accident.
“Better?”
>>>***<<<
“Do it, John,” I urged.
John couldn’t keep up with his long-legged strides. BUT…he had had
Rosie chimed in, “Papa calls me his “
Quietly, John replied, “I already know that, Sherlock. As long as you and I work together—
In his late 80’s, John Watson was tired. He was no longer the spry young man of his youth and his mental condition had begun to deteriorate. He talked to me constantly, much to the chagrin of his caretakers and doctors. They tried to have him sent to a retirement home but he refused. Before his death, Mycroft had arranged for a brilliant young attorney, one quite beyond reproach, to manage John’s affairs. He made sure John would able to stay at 221B for as long as he wanted to. After that, Mycroft had arranged for 221B to become a museum honoring Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson, Consulting Detectives.
With a closed-off face, clearly annoyed, the maid Mary-Ann led me to Miss Parker's room.
"How can you be so sure, Holmes?"
"To give yourself time," Stanley replied. “You had to see how the case would turn out.
really means nothing to you?” At least he seemed to be more aware that I demanded an explanation or would be a punch to his face. After all, he was not the only one who had picked up boxing in his younger years. “Well,” he started, turning to the window overlooking Baker Street, so I could no longer observe his expressive face. “Watson, to cut it short: during the peak of your recent fever, you rather, to be quite honest, seduced me.”
Upon his return to Baker Street, I immediately detected a change in atmosphere. Sherlock was giddy and excited, skipping into our shared rooms. There must have been a breakthrough in the case, surely.
“Which station, mate? The news?”
“Data, John. I need data.” As if this explanation was not confusing enough for a mortal already, Sherlock continued, “My mind is going to rot. I need stimuli. Give me puzzles. So far, you’ve proved to be a puzzle, and your questions so far aren’t entirely stupid. So, please, John, your question.”
“What on earth were you doing in there, Holmes, when the complete thing was a hoax?”
221b childproofed was simply too weird.
"Colonel, please, sit down," Holmes said softly. "My friend is a doctor. He's going to give you a tranquillizer."
pretend death at Reichenbach. Therefore, whenever Holmes crawls into my bed, I wake up.
“Do not ask me again to forgive you, “I said, “Because I have forgiven you in the instant. However, you have no right to let this go by, John. I am your man. “
“Good heavens, Holmes, what are you doing?” I asked after closing the door behind me. There were branches of pine and holly intertwined over the fireplace. Mistletoes hung from the ceiling, and even I could admit that the room looked far more welcoming and joyful now, it still seemed strange to my companion to engage in such festivities.
Holmes snapped shut the little notebook in which he had taken notes during the interrogation.
Worse yet, Sherlock knew it. With glaring eyes and fidgeting fingers, he read John like an open book, knowing that John would grumble.
“Makes no sense, Watson. Why not throw Jones' father off here? Perfectly good cliff for chucking a body over.”
John looked at Sherlock in awe as the fire wandered. He could see how the fire had wandered from his lovers’ eyes. How he was alight, and John burned with him.
The two men faced the horizon together, listening to the drag and deposit of shingle in the waves. It was a repetitive, hypnotic sound that brought about an eerie peace deep within them. London had always felt like the middle of the world to them. Right now, Harbour Cliff Beach felt like the edge.
“Alright, Mr X. Let’s stick to the facts, shall we? We all remember the notes that were left behind. They weren’t just random scribblings but leads to the true killer. The first note gave us the timeline: all was aimed for the climax at Pride Month. What have you planned? A true apocalypse for the parade? A re-enacted judgement day for the non-believers? Yes, Mr X, we found out about your… let’s call it, inspiration. But the second note was the most revealing killer from Berlin. And as you’ve confirmed yourself mere minutes ago: You are indeed from Berlin.”
