2012 - The Avengers are created
"No!" Thor and Star-Lord shouted as Thanos grasped air and pulled down.
(Tony built him a room in the bottom of the tower. It was fitted to everything Loki wanted and helped his white dove wings that spanned at least ten feet stretch out. Tony also made sure that he couldn't escape.)
Steve found out that he was fifteen and that his name was Peter Parker. Peter was pretty much an A-plus student and hardly had to lift a finger to do good in school.
"Explain." MJ sat down, staring hard at Peter.
"Friday -" Steve started, frowning.
"No-nope-nada-that's a negative." Tony's voice hit a high pitch and there was some whirling of machines. "I can't---guys-----going---not working--this-----bad!"
Then Romanoff and Rogers barged in with Fury who left stealthily behind them. Romanoff practically threw herself at Bucky and Tony put his stuff away.
"I think he's fifteen." Natasha counted in her head. "Yeah. He
"I - what?" Peter was startled and still befuddled by the sudden shift in Bucky's nature that he spoke a little too loud and the gang turned to both of them.
"It's just Flash, okay, drop it please." Peter sighed.
Peter finally relented and they headed outside and started walking around aimlessly.
"To be honest, I think you're being a little too reasonable Tash," Clint twirled an arrow in his hands, swinging his legs.
," Peter told Stark. "But look at what you did to Harley's garage!"
But it felt like that. That's for sure.
"I - uh -!" Peter started and Hawkeye groaned.
"But if I used my phone to tell you where I was and what I was doing," Peter started. "Would that be fine?"
"Honestly, so am I," Sam nodded.
A smile flitted over Natasha's face for a brief moment. "Yeah?"
The fingerprints were inserted into the system and Peter didn't miss MJ's name coming up as Maria, her birth name. MJ made a face when she saw it and quickly corrected the man to say that her name is Michelle or MJ. The security guard agreed and put 'MJ' on her badge.
Steve grinned. "Hell yes!"
"He's a friend Buck," Peter explained quickly. "He-he let me stay the night after I broke in, escaping from the kidnappers."
Tony quirked a brow. "It's okay Cap. I bet it was nice not having to listen to me or fight or hear the lab explode while I was a cat -"
"So tomorrow huh?" Bucky asked when she got into the car and Natasha suddenly remembered her friend's super hearing. "You sure your ready for that?"
There was a flash in the corner of his eye and he realized that someone had talent he last of the serum. Steve called out and Erskine turned to the man.
There was a total pause as Tony began to splutter.
"Aw," she cooed which Steve thought was a dangerous thing to do but Tony just glanced at her. She tried to pick him up but he scampered across the counter so she was only able to trail her hand over the tail. "Tony...you're so cute like this."
Peter startled. "Oh my god, you said that
"The least we could do," Natasha interrupted, assuring her. "I talked with Peter and he suggested it. I asked the team and we all agreed that it would be a good idea."
The Avengers were back at the tower and Bruce shooed all of them away from Peter except for Tony. He couldn't get rid of Tony though because every time he tried, Tony's skin would glow like lava and his twenty-four feet wings snapped open and hovered threateningly, protecting Peter and scaring Bruce's wings (Tony said he couldn't control what his wings did and he felt really bad because everytime his wings did that, everyone else's would cower and wilt).
"He's definitely in Tennessee." JARVIS chipped in.
"Just a press conference for SI," Pepper sighed. "We get three days off and it's back to work,"
The silence in the room was deafening. Tony looked like he was about to explode, torn between being angry and concerned when Natasha spoke up.
"In the car now, everyone," she announced and her tone left no room for argument.
Harry winced. "Uh. Yeah. Don't tell anyone though. I got back from boarding school about a month ago and the public doesn't really know what I look like."
Groaning, Peter picked up his phone and scanned through his texts. Ned was giving him updates about homework and MJ was giving him a weird cold shoulder. But that was normal MJ. All she did was send 'stay in bed and get better dork' which was pretty MJ.
"We got it!" Harley crowed. Steve looked and realized that Harley ran over to Strange and Wong. The portal was up and ready for all of them. They filed up and started heading out when Tony turned to Steve.
"Well," Bruce shrugged. "Get good. Or you'll lose him for good." Natasha stiffened and her throat closed at the thought.
"You can pay for this much?" Wanda's accented voice drifted into the comm.
"I'll pay for it," Tony assured him, turning levers and clogs to make sure that he could at least slow down the process before flipping a different switch that would force the ground to go the other way.
2012 - The Avengers are created
Harley pointed out stars and constellations. Or where most of them
It was only Steve crying that night.
The first part of this takes place a year before the other chapter and then it's a year later.
"I know." Natasha repeated, pulling back to look at her more.
"He crashed in my garage," Harley shrugged. "He paid for it though so no big deal."
They had a Star Wars marathon and Peter introduced MJ and Ned to the twins who had grown close to Peter pretty quickly. Pietro was more open to newcomers and he got along with Ned pretty well. Wanda liked staying off to the side because she was a bit shy and Peter knew she would rather be left alone.
"I'm not yours," Peter retorted under his breath and the man looked at him.
"Doing good," Harley nodded, smiling. "How about you? Especially since you've been..." he trailed off, gesturing.
Peter got really worried when Harry pulled out some keys and jiggled the lock on a door. "Harry. This isn't going to be another whisker moth incident is it?"
Harley postured weirdly back, baring his teeth and gnashing them before taking a deep breath. "You don't have to be nice to that prick Pete."
Bucky's brow furrowed. "But...mission Protect."
"So," Thor frowned, looking confused. "I must confess I am confused."
Harley let out another chortle of laughter. "Yeah, yeah I'm okay just...jesus christ Peter I missed you,"
"You're going to be really late one of these days dork," MJ told him.
Ever since Peter's uncle died and he discovered that he had super powers from that spider bite a year ago, he became Spider-Man, the friendly neighborhood hero that helped out. Ned and MJ found out right away and while Ned became his guy in the chair and helped him fight crime, MJ helped him keep his identity secret.
MJ yanked him back into the room, shouting something at the paparazzi and shoving both Peter and Ned back into the school.
Tony hid them away even more ever since. He still jumps whenever someone touches his back).
"The quinjet travels faster than most speeds," Natalia filled in.
Tony wasn't devastated or surprised at all.
"Drawing again, huh?"
Peter cried. "Ben - Ben!"
"Don't you think you should text your dad or something?" MJ pointed out. Peter made a face but nodded.
"I think he -" Natasha started when Tony yowled suddenly and leapt off of her to weave in between her legs before sauntering over to Steve.
Credit that to Hello-Shellhead on Tumblr. ABSOLUTELY AMAZING FANART--CHECK THEM OUT!!!
Zola said they had every HYDRA base except one. That night, Steve and the Commandos broke in, driving Schmidt to his ship. Steve followed but lost the ship.
The side door of the garage exploded, knocking down loose parts. A young man-about Harley's age-ran inside and slammed the door shut. The young man stepped back, staring at the door. He raised his hands as if waiting for it to burst back open.
"So?" Black Widow raised an eyebrow.
Peter had been called down to the office last Wednesday to discover his real parents and then took the rest of the week off from school. May came and left on Saturday and he had Sunday to convince Natasha and Tony to be able to go back to school.
the one who pays. Next time, you can shose the place and buy yeah?"
"We'll have to make a schedule." Natasha chewed her lip. "We can't deny them contact for forever."
That's the naivety talking, because Tony never does work up the courage. The halcyon summer days pass and his chance slips through his fingers. The moment is gone.
It’s useless to think about it, but Tony grapples with the sorrow of loss anyways.
He pauses for a brief moment to try to swallow the lump in his throat again, blinking back the tears at the edge of his eyes. Steve is smiling encouragingly at him, and the sight bolsters him. “I guess this is the part where I promise to love you for the rest of my life through everything, to love and to cherish, to have and to hold. And I promise, all of it. I love you so much, and I'm going to love you for the rest of my life. We fought the universe to be together today, and I’ll do it again to keep you forever. This is a warning to the forces of the universe. Don’t try me. I’m going to keep you, Steve Rogers.”
Tony snorts at that thought. He’s not going to be a sissy because his toes are pink and purple. He’s going to be a sissy because even at the tender age of ten, he knows he likes boys too. Not that Howard needs to know that.
- Originally, Jarvis was the one who sent out the letters.
“Yes,” Jarvis says. “She was—still is, quite beautiful, and I like to think that nothing makes anyone more beautiful than when we look at them when we're in love. Love rosetints our vision and it makes us blind to all but our darlings even in a crowded room. I've filled sketchbook after sketchbook with drawings of Ana, trying my hardest to capture the exact light in her eyes and the graceful arch of her hand that I love so much.”
“Help each other?” Steve asks with a raised brow. “Help each other with what?”
Steve steps back a little and Rhodey comes into view, panting as he runs forward, the joints of his leg braces whirring quietly. He’s followed by several others Tony cannot make out in the dim light, but if Rhodey and Steve are here, that means he’s safe. They’re both safe.
That creates a swell of anger in Tony. Sure, they haven’t spoken in the years before—before Everything, but Steve doesn’t get to look at him with that much sorrow. As though he wasn’t one half of the original divide. As though he didn’t drive his shield through Tony’s chest and left him in Siberia. He doesn’t get to look at Tony now like this, as though—as though he thought he would never see Tony again.
“Do you want to talk about it?” Steve asks when they break for air.
“I'm sorry,” Steve says, smiling softly. “I'm just rambling on and on about myself.”
“Me neither,” Steve says, moving in very close to be heard over the loud music. “Never really danced before.”
“I do too,” Tony echoes. “Of course I do,” he says as Steve pulls him in for a gentle kiss, even before Rhodey pronounces them married.
“This doesn't make us friends,” Loki says. “I'm only putting up with you for your money.”
Clint jumps into the air, his hand closing tightly around the pigskin and the stadium erupts with thunderous noise. Clint runs the ball the final few yards, deftly weaving between tackles trying to take him down, his teammates doing their best to protect him. With a loud whoop lost to the noise of the crowd, he touches down in the end zone just as the timer buzzes, flashing zero.
“Shut up, you ass,” Rhodey replies with a laugh, his voice equally watery.
“Sorry,” Steve says sheepishly. “How rude of me. I haven’t even introduced you two. Tony, this is Ben, and Ben, this is my boyfriend Tony.”
“That's rural enough,” Tony replies. “That's basically the boonies.”
“Right by the windows? Kinky,” Tony says. Steve laughs and pulls him back in.
“The poor kid was in there for probably hours before we came in to change for practice,” Steve is saying. “He never told us who did it but we all had a good idea it was probably Viktor and his merry band of assholes.”
“I do,” Steve says quickly.
is yelling. “This idiot, what a dumbas—dummy—Jesus Christ, coming in here to show me some dumb plastic toy—
Before Tony can reply, the door opens and a small, enthusiastic whirlwind in pink and white organza crashes into his legs. Tiny arms wrap around his thighs as a grinning face peers up at him. Morgan’s hair is pulled into a neat plait and there’s pink gloss staining her lips that she promptly smears on his pants. Tony laughs and swings her up in his arms, just as Pepper comes in through the door too. Morgan is getting too big to carry, but Tony doesn’t care as he holds his baby girl close.
“‘M not pouting.”
you, Tony.”
Jarvis makes a contemplative noise. “And you do not believe that Steve had genuine affection for you, Anthony?”
Tony crawls out of bed as Steve is struggling with his shirt, rising on his tiptoes to help Steve pull the hoodie down over his head. Tony laughs when he realizes it's his own sweatshirt with the big MIT logo splashed across the front but he does have to admit it looks much better on Steve, filled out with his broad shoulders and thick arms. He smooths down the collar and if his hands linger a little too long on Steve's chest, who's to say he isn't just brushing out the wrinkles? It makes his heart ache with something fierce to see Steve wearing his clothes. With one last stroke down Steve's side, he leans in for a kiss.
He feels a little guilty for dragging Steve into this, but it's going to work out in the end. He's going to make sure of it. He's going to get Peggy and Steve back together, no matter what.
Tony looks over to the far side of the room and sees Steve on the couch bent over a piece of scrap paper, scribbling away with a pencil nub. His brow is furrowed in concentration, bottom lip caught between his teeth as he squints at something on his paper.
“Thank you, Anthony,” Jarvis says. “It means a lot that you think so. But these old hands don't work as well as they used to. It'll be a challenge to paint again.”
“Steve, Steve,
Tony can hear Steve’s sharp inhale when his eyes land on the tattoo on Tony’s lower back, the “Property of SR” inked in black right above his ass.
It was originally Tony's idea to have a long honeymoon after their long engagement, and the day after their impromptu wedding and reception in the Tower, they fly across the ocean to spend two months in picturesque cities along the Mediterranean coast. They start the trip in Palma before making their way to Casablanca and eventually to Algiers before crossing the sea to finish their trip in Santorini.
“You got it, boss,” Happy says quietly as he pulls away from the curb and Tony refuses to watch Steve shrink into the distance from his windows. He looks steadfastly forward and tries not to think about anything at all.
“You found me,” Steve says simply and the words feel heavy.
you, Tony.”
Tony laughs, a humorless sound that puts Steve’s nerves on edge. “You know I won’t be able to keep up with you soon? I’m growing old. Soon you’ll be ashamed to even be seen around an old man like me. I’m going to look like an old perv next to you.”
It’s in perfect moments like these when Steve is inside Tony his mind becomes all at once peacefully blank and hyper focused. Everything narrows down to the feeling of Tony wrapped around him and the pants of his breath against Steve’s neck, his juddering gasps and whispered encouragement, heartbeat echoing alongside Steve’s own.
Her name is Janet van Dyne and she's the only other person there sitting outside of the kumbaya circle during the bonfire welcome party. Neither of them are willing to join the ring of chattering kids eager to impress one another and make friends as they roast marshmallows. The camp counselors glare at them, so Tony edges closer to her and they start to chat.
Tony can hear the shower running by the time he finally rolls over and blinks the bleary sleep from his eyes. He finds the notepad by the nightstand with a page detached. The note is folded in half like Steve likes to do, Tony’s name printed in neat letters on the front.
survived, maybe, maybe—
“No we don't,” Tony replies. “How the hell did you get in here?”
“Fucking hell, Rogers—”
in line and give you spoiled cheese.”
, but not him. He doesn't have the courage or the strength or the capacity to deal with his pain.
“We just won!” Tony repeats.
Ben apparently makes the best sandwiches north of East Eighty, and Steve hasn't been exaggerating one bit Tony realizes as soon as he bites into his chicken parm. They're sitting on the steps at the Met with the local lunch crowd and tourists alike, watching pigeons fight over crumbs as they tuck into their sandwiches, sharing the warm fries Ben gave them on the house.
Steve's jaw clenches tight as he nods. “So the letters are real.”
Tony thinks of the little doodles Steve draws in the corners of the folded notes he gives him every day telling him he's been thinking about him, wishing him luck during a test, and reminding him to eat when he gets too obsessed with his lab work to step away for lunch. They’re usually simple little stick figures and smiley faces, sometimes little doodles of hearts Tony rolls his eyes at but make him feel all too warm inside. Tony never really gave too much thought to the scribbles until now. Tony really wants to see what a fully finished drawing of Steve’s would look like. He would bet real money they look amazing.
His hands shake as the glow cuts through the darkness of his room. It comforted him when he had to give up his arc reactor to power the ship, and along with it the light he couldn’t sleep without. Now it settles him as he goes through the familiar routine. Flip. Scroll. Voicemail.
That's why they get along so well, despite their vast differences in personality. They all have their own shit, and really out of everyone, Loki is probably the least likely to judge him, with similar family dysfunction and even more skeletons in bigger closets and money older than Howard can hope to dream of—
He sprinted forwards, launching at a wall to climb it. He jumped over some rooftops - following the duo as they attempted to shake him off.
A tree snap came up into his ear and be whirled. Frowning harder, he tried to dial in on the noise but Peter realized that he must've heard a snap from a forest a ways away.
"Oh." Peter paused. "Yeah, I mean, if that's the correct way to say it..." he trailed off. "But your wings," he readdressed. "They're bluebird wings, right? So why are they green?"
For the wedding party, it got a little bit bigger because more friends and family of the Avengers showed up. Some civilians showed up too but they stayed out of the way of other people.
Killian grinned madly. "It did." He waited at the Extremises. "These were test subjects and well, they only work for so long. This, though," he gestured to the liquid. "This lasts the rest of your
"Bad plan."
Steve reared when a light exploded from the Gauntlet and hit the planet. When Steve looked back, all that was there was rubble floating in the air.
Peter watched them go and MJ looked over at him. Peter nudged his head to tell her it was okay and she headed to the living room with Ned.
For some fuckin' reason I got into Sinbad Legend of the Seven Seas again just before writing this chapter so Peter's second favorite movie is Sinbad. First is obviously Star Wars a New Hope duh
"Your wings are intimidating." Peter told Tony and promptly passed out.
The wings were still tense and blocked Steve's view from Peter.
Natasha sat back. "So what, they found something to get me pregnant and somehow set me up with - who, Tony?"
"Oh! No," Peter shook his head. "No, not, nope. Not at all." He considered talking about Spider-Man but he didn't quite want to cross that bridge right now.
Peter was silent.
When Bucky opened his eyes again, he looked and stood differently. Peter blinked. "What the hell?"
"Richard and Mary were scientists for Oscorp (yuck) and they had a confidential experiment before they were killed in a plane accident. Richard's brother - Ben - and his wife May took Peter in ever since. He goes to Midtown Tech, the school we saw in the footage the other day, and honestly - with his grades, GPA, and iq level, he could be in MIT but Ben and May couldn't pay for that and the school wouldn't either." Tony listed.
He almost applied for art school as Natalia was encouraging him to do, but then the war started.
Thor pleaded with the Avengers to let Loki stay here on Midgard as he couldn't go back to Asgard. Since Steve didn't see him as a threat anymore, he asked everyone else and pretty much everyone except Clint was okay with Loki being locked up in the basement.
"The more you talk, the less I understand," Natasha said dryly and Clint lightly punched her shoulder.
Natalia's brow furrowed. "That could be really dangerous."
Bucky groaned and stepped forward, gently pulling up Peter's mask to reveal his flushed and stuttering face. "Good lord. Do your parents -?"
"Um. One of my classmates." Peter shifted.
Thor and Carol both showed up to help fly boxes of stuff to the Tower. After all the boxes were taken, Natasha turned to May. "Thursday. Tomorrow. Noon. Don't be late." She turned and walked towards the car where Clint and Bucky were waiting, noting the look of surprised confusion and then dawning realization.
"It'll be great, promise," he assured Harley.
She kept him close and Peter could hear her choked off sobs due to his enhanced healing. Peter instinctively hugged back, burrowing his head into the crook of her shoulder. This felt normal. It didn't feel wrong like he expected it to be - it felt
"Yeah, probably," Natasha shrugged, nodding.
Official Timeline:
"Yeah that's helpful." Steve yelled back. He heard Tony laugh.
"Peter, you should go home," May said. He frowned.
The day went by pretty smoothly and MJ had to keep flicking his ear to get him to wake up. Peter only had to go to one class after lunch but as soon as he sat down, the intercom crackled to life, "Peter Parker please come to the office, Peter Parker to the office, thank you,"
"Gah!" Harley screamed, grabbing his head. He whirled to Peter. "
He used Iron Man to go around the world to fight for anyone who got the old weapons illegally.
"I - yes," May nodded. "He kept it all in his room. Anything his...yeah." she finished lamely and went a little red but Natasha ignored that and nodded.
Peter winced. "Um, listen, Jarvis -"
"I'm making eggs and bacon, want anything else Peter?" His name sounded weird coming out of the Falcon's (or Sam's) mouth.
"The one-oh seventh?" She whispered and looked at Steve. Steve looked at her, wondering what she was talking about for a second when he remembered.
Steve left the room to have Tony weaving through his legs and meowing at him. "Tony, shhhh," Steve hissed, still walking towards the elevator and exit.
decision," Clint made clever and joking gestures and he got Wanda to giggle from the couch.
"It appears as though Friday found something," JARVIS sounded confused as well. "Give me a moment to bring up her voice capabilities sir."
Mr. Osborn was in a crisp black and white suit and he had a vanity fair PR looking smile as he began to talk. "Welcome to Oscorp Industries where we produce the technology of tomorrow! Your tour guide will be here in a moment but you have to go through some pretty strict security. There will be moments where you can take pictures but listen to your guide if you can post them and where to take them. I'm sure the rules of being respectful and kind are the norm for you kids so please do the same here! Any other questions - ask your guide! Thank you all for coming!"
"You guys," Clint said, pulling up the quinjet. "We're here."
"Uh...we-uh, we might have-have a-uh, a....small problem."
Julian rolled his fingers while Peter tried to process what was happening.
"Whossawhatsis?" Tony slurred, tired. Natasha came over and ruffled his hair and he snorted before falling back to sleep.
"Pete come on, they don't bite!" Harry rolled his eyes. Peter swallowed again and shot a lethal glare at Harry before stepping forward and worked himself up to put his hand in.
"This young man's name is Peter Carbonell Parker." FRIDAY continued, ignoring Clint's comment and Tony and Natasha froze, both recognizing the middle name. "A year ago they had a field trip to Oscorp and I intercepted the ping and filed it for later. I wasn't sure but yesterday the system pinged him again because police took fingerprints at his school and Mr. Parker as Peter Carbonell Romanov-Stark."
"Yeah." Peter nodded. "And I moved in with them because that's what Natasha and Tony wanted me to do."
Peter's throat when drier and he saw red again. "You - you took me -"
Peter rolled his eyes. "Ned, seriously. I'm still Peter Parker."
"I don't know!" Clint waved his hands.
"Like altering the gene or something." Peter shrugged.
"I'm going to start texting you to remind you to get home and sleep at a decent time dork," MJ snorted.
Peter frowned. "And...if I say no? I mean - I'm kind of busy..." Peter glanced at his phone. "Like I kind of have to go...and soon..."
"Just come take a shower with me," Steve shook his head and pulled a flubbergoosed Tony along with him.
wings."
This weekend, Peter had been allowed to invite MJ and Ned. So they came over on Friday and stayed over to Saturday. Ned barely talked and Peter had a feeling that Natasha was impressed by MJ. He also knew that MJ was just ever so slightly flustered by the fact that she got to meet Natasha
"Come on," Harley gently hooked their elbows. "Let's just go."
"Coming!" May said from inside and a few seconds later the door opened. Her smile faded a little. "Oh - Peter? What are you doing here?"
There was another pause as they all slowly looked between the road and Tony. Tony watched them like a ticking time bomb and he opened his mouth to fall back on his other excuse - he can just walk back to the town and hitch a ride somewhere when Natasha abruptly spoke.
"What quiche doesn't have bacon?!" Sam looked appalled and Natasha laughed, loud enough to wake up Tony.
"Yeah," Peter sighed. "Not at their best."
Peter frowned but said nothing. "Um. Is it possible for me to see my aunt?"
"May Parker is suspected of being an accomplice of kidnapping you when you were three years old," Phil continued. "We've taken her into questioning to see if she knew and why she wouldn't turn you in."
?" Peter scoffed. "He's only one of the greatest geniuses of our time and turned Stark Industries into an energy source which is five times as productive as to when they were making weapons and also - he's
He frowned harder. "Why would you need me? I mean - I don't think I've done anything to warrant the
"What happened!?"
"Would it help if one of the Avengers came?" Phil offered. Peter's head whipped around to look at Phil and he gaped.
"May would never -" Peter started.
"How gravity and quantum mechanics fit together," Harley grumbled.
"It must've been one of the teachers," Tony muttered, tapping his foot. "It had to be -"
Peter straightened. He was rambling but the point was that this was a date. This was something he had
Pepper Potts. But she didn't show it much. Peter just knows her that well.
"Hi honey," Pepper kissed her cheek and Natasha smiled.
Natasha got some fresh air in the balcony just before midnight and Pepper followed her.
"Score!" He shouted, jumping up. "Hey Pietro - wanna play Mario Kart?"
"Let's just get back on the bus." MJ frowned. She and Ned headed after the group, glancing over her shoulder.
"I saw it on the internet," Steve explained. "By Janet Fitch. 'The Phoenix must burn to emerge."
Natasha peeked inside and rolled her eyes. "Oh come on Clint, it's just his room."
"Stark has wings," Sam walked into the room. "Peter is out of commission-what the
"They created me," Peter sighed and everyone stilled. "They're the ones that created a formula to allow you to have me Nat...and they wanted - they wanted to use me. And...they killed my other parents. And Uncle Ben," Peter looked horribly defeated and Natasha's heart broke a little. "I - I don't -"
"Good." Natasha praised. "Someone call Carol and -"
"I know," the fourteen year old panted. "May took forever making my sack lunch."
" Harley yelled. Tony looked shellshocked. He whirled to Captain America.
"Okay..." Peter had almost an addiction to Tony. He adored the man and Steve sometimes caught Tony taking Peter out for small trips in the city (Steve found himself slowly adoring Tony as well).
Somewhat because Steve had started to miss Tony's voice. And his random babbling about things Steve didn't understand. And the occasional explosion from the lab that would have Steve running to figure out what happened.
Three hours ago, Bruce released Peter from the hospital wing with a note that clearly stated-NO PHYSICAL ACTIVITY. Tony, meanwhile was getting interrogated from Natalia ("His stupid 'three questions a day' doesn't apply to me." she snorted).
"That's not-" Bucky started.
"Peter," Peter said automatically and then bit his tongue. The man - Julian smirked but didn't comment.
Tony chose.
“Of course you are,” Steve snaps angrily and he has never been able to leave anything alone in his life. It takes him all of five strides to catch up to Tony and absolutely no effort at all to push him up against the wall. He run his hands up and under Stark’s shirt in a way that is becoming too familiar as Stark struggles, sandwiched between Steve’s body and the wall.
“She runs the Avengers. I don’t just mean the team, I mean a lot of the behind-the-scenes stuff too. I can’t do it all by myself, so… Natasha. Round Five of the Black Widow vs the Idiot.”
Sam who’s still waiting for an answer.
They had been on the plain. Tony had kissed him solemnly and smiled. Steve had thought him still innocent when Tony had whispered those three words he always said, ___ _____ ____, but this time they’d made Steve shiver. Then Tony had strolled behind the towering cairn and never came around the other side. Steve had searched the plain, the mud flats, the river, the swamp, the forest. He’d dived under the frozen ice and crawled into the trenches. Tony was nowhere to be found. He was gone. And Steve had screamed and screamed and if no one was around to hear him did he even make a sound?
“Right,” Bucky says and his tone reminds Steve of the war. “So are we trusting him or are we pulling a runner?”
It had been.
“Don’t crash us while I nap. Also I hope you know the way back because FRIDAY gives directions exclusively in Spanish now and I don’t know why.”
“Steve?” Tony frowned. The skin of his entire left side was marked with burns he could neither feel nor remember. “Where - Where are we?”
“He quit drinking. He turned himself into a machine.”
“We’d better,” Tony growled in a tone Steve remembered from simpler times. “Third drawer down.”
For an instant Tony looks tempted. Then, “No.”
Steve closes his eyes behind the tinted lenses (and why exactly they’re tinted, he has no idea) and lets himself think of nothing but how Christmas used to be a bright spot: midnight mass and cheap presents, and for a day even the cold seemed kind. The scene refocuses. It’s solider than Bucky’s version; the wood has knots, the wallpaper has seams. Their younger selves are the exceptions: they’re as see-through as ghosts. Steve doesn’t try to revive them. He concentrates on the elation of Christmas. His mother’s voice floats in from the back door and hearing it outside his own head is the best and worst thing he could have imagined.
For a moment Tony’s expression is openly miserable before it slides into resignation. “Finally he admits it.”
“These are good.” Kovalchyk frowns slightly at the drawings. “None of them have faces.”
“You’re my friend,” he says staunchly but desperation bleeds into his voice. He knows how easily friends slip through your fingers. “Please believe me.”
Everything holds; nothing blows up or gets corrupted but Steve feels like he’s just waiting for the other shoe to drop. He stays up in the living room every night. He never runs into Kovalchyk again.
“Captain,” Vision said and Tony flinched at the interruption. “I can take Le Fay into custody.”
remember?”
“There were dinosaurs with feathers rampaging through Times Square and we were saved by you hitting a sorceress with a big metal frisbee. I promise you I haven’t had this much fun in a long time.”
The next week Wanda’s granted conditional citizenship in the Netherlands. It’s not a surprise, her amnesty paperwork has been in the queue for months. She video calls to tell Steve personally even though the differing time zones make it difficult. In the background behind her beaming face Steve sees the swish of Vision’s cape. He runs into Kovalchyk that same night making a cup of tea for himself and a mug of coffee for Tony. He nods at Steve and disappears into the elevator.
“What?” Steve asks and the delight he feels at leaving Stark speechless leaks through.
Frequently translated as:
Bucky makes his way to the bench along the east wall and Steve follows, grateful for the silence as he gathers his thoughts.
She catches his gaze. “That’s the way it’s supposed to work.” A car driven by Penelope Nirin pulls into the drive to pick him up. “Next week the real work starts,” there’s a twinkle in Francesca’s eye, “you haven’t seen the backyard garden yet. It’s terribly overgrown.”
“You used to call me Cap. Or any other nickname you came up with.” He grew frustrated by his own lack of argument. "Now it’s just… ”
Steve feels numb. “Tony isn’t like that,” he looks at the back of his left hand, knuckles already scabbed over, “but I have to hope he will, someday.”
Reed had already stretched himself away. “It’s been four days since your battle with the Celestials. You gave us quite a scare.”
Steve was suddenly right next to him. “Tony... your hand.”
“You’re allowed secrets, Buck.” Steve’s voice is very small.
“Not him,” Tony says too sharply. “Don’t look at me like that, Rogers. He’s alive. He’s fine. Confused and awash in teenage hormones. He’s just a little too busy being a supervillain magnet to follow me around.”
Stark pays them no mind, already focused on his next mission. He jerks down the nearest svelte bottle from the well-stocked bar, more likely due to its proximity than any conscious choice. He doesn’t look up until amber liquid is safely sloshing around the bottom of a glass.
The trees themselves were tall and empty with crooked limbs that gave them a jagged, malevolent outline. Every bit of dried bark Tony tore from their trunks crumbled to dust in his fingers. The sap they bled was black and smelled like motor oil. At first Tony didn’t notice the armour; without the reflection of sunlight, the metal of the Iron Man helmet looked dull where it was stamped underfoot one of the trees. The mask was crumpled under the weight of the root, the terminus bursting through the eye-slit to bind the faceplate more tightly to the base of the tree. A gold undersuit was suspended from on high in a sister tree, hanging limply like a flag without wind. A full gauntlet was embedded into the trunk of another. Further into the wood an entire suit was being consumed by a black-barked giant: the armour still complete as if the man inside had suddenly transformed into a dryad and no one had bothered to tell him his armour no longer fit.
Steve makes himself as small as he can under the covers. This is their tightrope and Steve is starting to wonder if there’s anything on the other side or if it just stretches out ad infinitum.
It’s meant as a joke but for the longest time Steve had thought it was too late for the things he should have said and done. Now he has a second chance and his mouth feels like sandpaper and his tongue is leaden. It’s unfair that all his words and nerve are saved for Stark these days.
Sam settles. “I can work with Nat, Jim and Viz. Had a nice run-in with Stark today too.”
“What. Happened.”
Tony’s eyes fly open as he inhales sharply and bats Steve’s hand away, hard. “You know, our relationship would make more sense if I thought you were an actual sadist.”
Who would've thought the star players of their formidable football team play Dungeons and Dragons in their spare time. And they call
It hurts Steve to see Tony's confidence wane like this. From the days when he had thought Tony's public persona was innate arrogance to these quieter more private days when Steve knows that’s all a facade to protect the soft innards of a very damaged man, there is a noticeable difference to the way his husband holds himself. Even the steely mask Tony likes to wear outside of their home is softening. The projected confidence is still there, but Tony is quieter.
“Now Howard, he's just a kid—” Uncle Obie is saying in a placating tone, and Tony isn't sure if he loves him or hates him in that moment.
between me and Pepper,
It’s also something Tony had felt the need to hide from him for a while, Steve can tell. He knows his husband well. Steve frowns, and thinks that won’t do at all.
They spend the entire blissful month of January exploring the new facet of their nonrelationship with enthusiasm, ambition and a lot of creativity. Which is to say, it's nearly gotten them in trouble several times when they can't keep their hands off of each other during school.
They land with explosive force just outside of the New Avengers Facility, kicking up a storm of dry dust that blocks out the windshield and coats the ship in grime. In the singular moment when the particles of dust hang suspended in the air, Tony thinks about his friends. For that brief morbid second, the memories of Titan flash before his eyes, the sharp acrid smell of smoke burning his nostrils as they all turned to dust. He has to forcibly keep his mind from tumbling down that rabbit hole again, not when he’s yanking desperately at the unresponsive controls, and Nebula is yelling next to him.
“Yes,” Tony says behind clenched teeth. “I heard you.” As though his words don’t echo in Tony’s head every day and haunt him every night when he’s feeling his lowest and can’t will sleep to come fast enough.
Steve and Tony try to give as good as they get, but they don't stand a chance when the bowl is behind enemy lines. Steve makes the valiant effort of trying to shield Tony from the assault by turning his shoulder and trying to use his own body to protect Tony but between the team efforts of Clint, Bucky, Nat and Sam, the two of them get buried in popcorn.
"Thor, repeat," Steve demanded over the radio, shouting over the wind on his side. He was zooming around on a motorbike and leading other soldiers away.
"What are you thinking about, Stevie?" Bucky poked him. He was sweaty, panting, and grinning. Natalia clearly gave him a workout.
Steve shook his head and looked around. He found both Strange and Wong working on a portal hopefully to home. Bruce was leaning on Thor and Thor was hugging Loki who didn't look like he was complaining. In fact, he was leaning into Thor, looking scared and shaken.
But it was just so frustrating to hear her just shut down and not bother to see how he felt. Peter was so sure that he had finally gotten through to her but clearly he hadn't.
Steve grinned. "Well, thank God you're okay."
Tony rolled his eyes. "Well why didn't you say so?"
There was a pause.
Natasha didn't mind for once and hugged back. Maybe this...this wouldn't be so bad.
"Tony said he sent the designs of my room - and Clint said that he'd help out when we make it- what did you think?" Peter babbled.
"Now far something smaller." Thanos turned back and-without warning-blasted Steve.
"Well," Tony grunted. "No matter what, that city won't come down safely. We need to get people out
Bucky's face twisted again, turning into a look of determination as he hooked his arm around Peter's waist and dragged him off the building; firmly but carefully.
They started walking away and Peter noticed that Harry glanced over to look at Peter, recognition on his face.
"Oooh boy!" Clint crowed.
Steve was never into girls.
"What...language are yo
~~~~~~
"Yeesh, you might not want to promise
It was messy-they were both crying-but then Tony faded away and Steve was holding nothing.
"But I can't remember a damn thing so that's why I
Peter tried to answer but was flustered and angry all over again.
"So are we sure they're gone?" Bucky asked, diverting the topic.
"What?" Tony snapped, staring at the ground.
It started to become easy and a routine and somewhat likable.
"I noticed that too," Clint accused, humming and hawing. "He keeps avoiding us."
According to Bruce, he had minor heart injuries due to the shock. Killian had hit him so hard that the crack they had heard was actually Peter's cheekbone cracking. Both injuries had healed thanks to his healing factor but he was out cold and had a large purple bruise sporting his cheek.
"Do you want to learn how to fly?" Tony continued.
"Could I ask you something?" May asked, setting down the pan she was holding.
Steve just smiled and the door closed. He sighed and waited antsily for the door to open so he could leave. He ran around the streets to get to Central Park. He always liked going to the park after a particularly bad dream.
Then the roof caved in with a loud
Anthony Edward Stark was a changed man.
"Why can't I see May?" Peter exploded. "You already said that you don't believe she knew anything and you can't say that you were lying -"
"Hey Tony." Steve didn't look up. "How're Harley and Peter?"
Anthony Edward Stark wasn't the same as Howard.
There was a pause and then Peter started laughing. Harley rubbed his head.
Natasha laughed. "Yeah?"
"I - yeah," Peter nodded, feeling a slight sense of whiplash from the topic change in the conversation.
," Natasha spat. Pepper looked slightly taken aback before nodding.
Observation 1: It hurt. It hurt like hell.
"Also, you're secret's safe with me," Harley winked. Peter laughed harder.
But eight months later, AIM happened.
Natasha looked away, not wanting to face this right now.
The Avengers lived with him and he found that he could do it.
"Yeah, I know who you are," May sat back, going rigid. "Uh, listen, I just want to say -"
"Is it shorting out?" Clint asked Bruce who came up with Thor a little while ago.
"I - we got lost and then Harry showed me a short cut that ended up not being a short cut." Peter cast a glancing glare at Harry who shrugged.
The only people at the wedding were the Avengers. Docto Strange was there as well and had become a consultant for the Avengers.
"I don't understand -" Peter muttered, shaky.
Peter." she paused and then whispered, "I love you,"
Natasha scowled, looking at the ground.
"Uh - hi - uhm, Cap-Captain America sir." Peter tried to play it off as cool as his voice continued to stutter.
Bucky had been captured.
"That's easier said than done." Steve muttered and Pepper laughed.
Natasha nodded. "Thank you Friday. Could you be a dear and open the door for me?"
MJ threw her hands up in exasperation and left to go to her first period. Ned looked over at Peter and tried to say something again.
"We were wondering why he was just hanging out at the door," Natasha added, holding out her hand to pet him and watching as he curled his tail around her wrist.
"Um, yes?" Peter swallowed.
"Ouch," Tony made a fake hurt look and Natasha laughed a little. "That hurt sis,"
"Sweet! I'm going to be the cool uncle!" Clint hooted.
"That's what you get for sneaking up on him and you, don't apologize." Natasha ordered. "Clint deserved it."
"Kidnap him!?" Harley shrieked. "
Peter looked over at the door and grinned. "Nat!" He set down his stuff and scampered over to her and Natasha swelled with something akin to happiness and pride.
"My friends!" Thor grinned, landing and clapping Bruce on the shoulder who padded his arm, wincing slightly. "I have the cure!"
Natasha went silent and stopped as Clint headed through the garage and towards the entrance. "I know."
The first two members were obviously Natalia and Bucky. He found other members of the one-oh-seventh that promised to help him. Dum Dum Dugan, Jim Morita, Junior Juniper, James Montgomery Falsworth, Gabe Jones, Jacques Dernier, Happy Sam Sawyer, and Pinky Pinkerton. They named themselves the Howling Commandos.
Natasha had her son and she had him for good. No more secrets.
Steve just stared as Bucky hide a smile behind him. Tony rushed the walk a bit, embarrassed, while Natalia looked at him with triumph.
"Spider-Man," Captain acknowledged.
"This is insane," May shook her head as she came out of the room after decorating it. "Natasha - To - Mr. Stark - this is just -"
That's when he realized that the sun was setting and there was a group of people on the wharf.
"Uh...kind of. Not really. It's going to be pretty easy." Peter shrugged. Tony nodded. "Sorry, I - that was some domestic shit there and it threw me for a loop."
"He looks like a mini Stark and not a mini you Tash," Hawkeye was suddenly next to Peter; literally like two inches away and spooked, Peter jumped up and whirled, instinctively punching Hawkeye in the face.
"Why isn't it?" Peter asked curiously. "I mean, this is
"Extremis?" Tony stood and brushed himself off. Steve stood with him and both of them looked at the hole. "Yeah. That too."
"The quinjet's still in the air." Clint said. "I can turn her around to the entrance." Steve nodded and he took off.
Peter shrugged helplessly in reply and left the classroom, heading towards the office, his mind racing. Had something happened to May? Did someone find out his identity? Was he just in trouble for cheating on a test?
Peter sighed. He wished he could do something but like May always said - sometimes you can't be friends with everyone.
"You - you were -" Peter's eyes widened as he started to remember with startling accuracy the night Ben died. The men - and woman - that Ben had met that night. The way she brought out her gun. "You - the wharf -"
is the child we grew."
"Oh?" Steve tensed.
Steve speaks up before Tony can answer. "Tony, you know where we are?"
"Extremis was this experimental stuff that-Killian I suppose-was working on." Peter sighed, knees to his chest. "Tony said that the science was so experimental-plus Killian creeped him out-that he convinced Pepper not to hire the guy. But Killian seemed to realize that it was Tony because he was swearing his name as he left Stark Industries. Tony hasn't seen or heard from him since." Peter paused. "Until now, I guess."
Quicksliver and Scarlet Witch were in the corners, probably certain that Peter couldn't see him but he had enhanced senses that no one knew about. It seemed as though Ant-Man, Black Panther, Captain Marvel, and the Wasp were missing but Peter didn't expect everyone to be there.
"I'm never going to fight for you," Peter snarled. "I just want answers!"
"Quiche!" Sam yelled.
~~~~~~
"Whatever." Harley replied flippantly. "Just get the fuck out of here, jesus. Pretty sure your daddy wants you home before four o'clock." Harry fumed but took a deep breath and looked Peter.
Steve wasn't sure because the man that offered him the chance-Abraham Erskine- didn't explain much about what he was offering Steve, just that he could be a soldier (Natalia freaked, thinking it would hurt Steve and scolded him for a good hour before Peggy assured her that it wouldn't hurt. Steve heard her mutter "hopefully" though).
At first, Tony was that little annoying brother that showed up to things unannounced. He acted that way to and Steve never thought he would care for him more than that.
Not only had Peter acted strangely cold but Bucky was acting strange as well and avoiding them. On top of that...what Bucky said at the dinner table...
"I was in Iraq," Tony grunted. "Ow! You know, getting rid of some of the weapons when this-ahhahaha,
"Just wanted to visit May," Peter hugged her and she hesitantly hugged back.
"Sam is
mother - and the one time, the
(See the end of the chapter for
The men there were easy to kill and they fell out of the plane.
Bruce had examined Peter and told the rest of the team that his wings had experienced too much trauma and that's why they would never work the same.
Steve stood as Natasha was already on her way to the door. Natasha had froze a bit when she heard Rogers but kept walking towards the door. Steve jogged a bit to catch up with her wide stride and as they were at least twenty paces away from the door, she stopped him and ripped off her glasses.
"Harley Keener," Harley told him dryly. "You?"
That Pepper thought he could be.
"She's not legally or biologically your family," Natasha argued.
"What'd you do?" Ned whispered as Peter began to pack up and leave the classroom.
Tony built Iron Man Mark One. As he made Mark 1, his wing slowly regret and as more blue, red, and white feathers fell off they were replaced by bright gold, red, and orange feathers.
"What's up?" Steve asked.
She asked Harley once-why he doesn't just leave. Harley didn't answer her then and Bel ignored him and started to talk about her plan for leaving the orphanage once he didn't answer.
"Of course." Steve smiled. He looked at the priest who was gesturing to him and he quickly said, "I do."
Steve went more incognito-wearing a gray plaid shirt with a tan army jacket. He had sunglasses on and his drawing pad.
"Ow, really?" Tony winced, holding his head.
Steve smiled. "You're a phoenix.
Peter had been working on his two ais for a while and was just now starting to install Karen into his suit when May and Natasha came by.
think," Ned rolled his eyes playfully. Peter grinned back at him and the rest of the trip was held in relative silence seeing as it was only an hour drive.
Tony plopped down and licked his paw.
2k again
"Anyone know where Peter is?" Natalia asked, hopping on the kitchen table.
"And you must be Tony Stark." May came around to where Natasha and Tony were and Tony gruffly shook the hand that was offered to him. "I just want to say that I really am sorry -"
Tony shook, his eyes closed and his mouth in a tight line. The red-hot-lava like substance seemed to flow through him, underneath his skin until he stopped.
There was silence on the other side of the transmissions so Clint just waited and waited until Natasha untangled herself and gracefully landed next to him. "Alright," she smacked her lips, sticking the SD card in her back pocket and looking at Clint. "What the hell is going on?"
"Peter?" Bucky sounded curious and not sure but Peter's heart rate spiked and he found that he couldn't say anything.
When the Avengers were created in 2012, Tony opened his Tower to everyone and they all moved in. They gained a few Avengers as well and Tony had to add another floor to the Tower. There were four floors; a training floor, a recreational/domestic floor, dorm rooms, and another in the middle floor with a bunch of random shit.
He heard Peggy crying before he crashed into the water.
He was eighteen and was handed Stark Industries.
She sighed and threw them all a glance before slowly heading upstairs. She tried to think about what she would say but decided that she would just have to go with the flow as she knocked on the door.
Peter swayed on his feet, the spitting anger leaving his body again. "Oh - oh god. Oh god - Bucky - they - they knew - and - and they wanted to
Natasha stepped out of the elevator and slowly opened the glass door, knocking slightly.
Harry sheepishly looked over at Peter. "I...graduated early thanks to my dad."
"Peter!" Ned rushed over to where Harry and Peter had been rushing to catch up to the group. The tour was starting to end and the tour guide was actually wrapping everything up. "Where have you
"Crimi-oh I'm not a criminal!" Peter yelped.
So he avoided Tony as best as he could.
Natasha searched through the cupboards before bringing out a can of tuna and a bowl. She set the bowl down and Tony hopped up, sniffing it before recoiling away as Natasha dumped the whole can into the bowl. She tapped it and then tossed it.
Steve broke his pencil.
They stared at each other.
Peter thought about walking over, but figured it would be rude considering Harley had taken him out and from the scowl on Harley's face, Harley still hated Harry.
"H - How - t - they - they - I can't- how did they - how -" Peter stifled out, breathing panicked and laboured as his ears ring and eyes began to water. His nose had started to bleed and he held it, trying to calm himself.
Peter ripped his mask down and softly landed on the ground as he stepped off of the wall. He stared behind Bucky who turned as well, shifting in his position and stance. Peter noted how Bucky seemed to shift completely into somebody new.
"That's...that's not helpful..." Peter muttered, still feeling dizzy and wanting to drift off in Bucky's arms. "Buck - Bucky - I - I have to - have to change. I can't - I can't go to my - to my parents like this -"
"So who the hell was that?" Harry looked sour.
He decided he was going to leave.
"What?!" Peter squawked and tried to leave but then Harry closed the door. He turned on a light and blue and red lighting filled the room. Around us were lined tables with multiple cages. There was one spider per tank and they were all sorts of weird illuminated colors.
"Yours!" Steve pointed at him. Tony paused.
Mr. Stark looked at him. "Is that the Imperial March?"
Forewarning -  it is Stony
"Not necessarily."
"I've never seen him so cold," May frowned.
"Then maybe make your own," MJ rolled her eyes. The freshmen boarded the bus after giving their permission slips to Mr. Harrington. MJ took the seat in front of Peter and Ned and Peter took the seat next to the window.
," Bucky looked at Tony and Steve raised his eyebrows. "Grabbed the fucking Gauntlet and sent us all into a panic only for him to kill Thanos."
Harley pulled up a chicken wrap as the young man slowly turned around to face Harley. The young man froze, eyes wide.
He shook his head and felt his mouth dry up as he tried to blink the bleariness out of his eyes. Once they were mostly clear, he glanced around, trying to figure out where he was. His surroundings were swamped with darkness and it was like a typical crime movie where there was one light hanging down on him.
Everyone was free and Thanos and his children were dead.
. It felt like he had missed something his whole life and now he had it back.
the legal mother, she can see him. Behind bars."
Natasha went very still. "You'll still go to school. They'll have to sign a NDA. Nobody is going to know unless you tell them and as for your 'aunt', we'll see." Peter frowned, feeling that familiar rising anger.
Peter crossed his arms. He was frowning slightly at Harley but still looked a little pissed that Harley assumed he was a mugger or something. "Your
The glass door slid open and Natasha headed through into the main living area where Tony and Steve were cuddled on the cough. Tony was still out cold but Steve was flicking through channels on the giant HD TV screen that was mounted on top of the fireplace in the main room.
"Why did you leave? I thought you said you were -" Natasha started, demanding answers with a burning look in her eyes.
And with all the craziness that happened in his life, it was nice to go back to something old.
Tony nodded. "Yeah. Okay."
8/14/20 - HEY I'M BACK THAT A/N ABOVE WAS FROM EARLIER BUT I WANTED TO LET YOU ALL KNOW THAT I MADE ALL OF MY UNFINISHED SHIT A 23 PART SERIES WHOOT WHOOT. THANKS FOR THE HELP. WE HAVE THREE MORE CHAPTERS (I THINK IT'S THREE) AND I'M FINISHING IT UP NOW. HERE'S THE NEXT CHAPTER. ALSO, PARDON MY YELLING XD
But he also knew that no one would take
let me be here."
"How?" Peter frowned. "Iraq is practically halfway across the world-"
"Just hang on," Peter waved to them. "Maybe go get a smoothie or something," Peter pulled out the credit card that Tony gave him. "Here. Buy something and wait for me, okay?"
Natasha frowned again.
It was un normal-a monstrosity.
Peter jogged over and then slowed down, trying to catch their attention. Harry stopped yelling at the other person to stare at Peter and blink. "Peter?"
"Um," Peter tried tapping on the glass between the back and the driver's seat. Nothing happened and Peter leaned back, breathing in deep and then out through his nose. He tried to calm his nerves and stiffened when the car stopped again and the door opened.
"Peter, I'm sorry," Natasha said quietly. "I just don't want to risk it."
"So we give him the option," May nodded. "I like that idea."
," JARVIS's voice echoed through the hall and Natasha headed into the elevator. May was behind her and Natasha clicked the right button.
Peter sighed. "It's really complicated and -" the bell rang. "-I'll explain at lunch."
Tony sat back looking baffled.
They were metal plates-weaved on top of each other.
"Not exactly..." Steve frowned. "He tried to resign but I didn't let him."
"You shouldn't say things like that," Steve blurted. He figure out where the accent came from and understood most of the words. The kid raised his eyebrows. "You called Artie a little piece of..." Steve swallowed. That was a word that he could get soap in his mouth for.
"Yeah I'm fine," Peter sighed. "I'm...I'm fine. Is Sam making something?"
Natasha made a noise of affirmation as she turned. "So, everyone know the plan?" The other four nodded at her and she turned around. "Alright then. Let's go get him." she hopped up and the other four followed behind her as they darted down the grassy hill and towards the warehouse. It was dark out and Natasha looked up to see Wanda and Sam flying over to the roof and landing up there.
"Tony I'll be back okay?" Steve told the cat, as Tony sat down just outside the elevator. Tony started forward but Steve held out his hand. "No. Stay."
"What?"
"Oh, hello," May smiled politely.
"That a threat?" Peter looked over the group. There were three other men and one woman who looked rough and tough. But he had a feeling that he and Bucky would be able to take them on. "What are you doing way out here anyways?"
~~~~~
Steve moved to leave when his wings burst with sudden energy, knocking down a chair.
Good idea? Not a good idea? Chime off and let me know what y'all think
"Good!" Clint shouted from the couch. "I can't believe I'm saying this but I actually miss Tony as a man,"
The two women gave up after a moment, walking back towards the elevator.
?" The kid laughed.
Steve and Bucky dropped everything, both applying. Bucky was accepted, Steve rejected.
"I - it's really complicated guys." Peter shuffled, looking around the room.
Steve was the first in the room and he stared at the ground most of the time, flicking his eyes up to look at the new people.
Peter beamed and nodded vigorously before pulling out his phone and answering. "Hello?"
The walk back was mostly silent but Peter noticed that they were walking closer than before and he decided to grab Harley's hand for the last half of the walk. Harley looked really happy at that Peter smiled as well.
Peter glanced over his shoulder. He looked surprisingly calm and he looked downwards for a moment.
"Right of course," Natasha almost instantly felt bad and she stiffened a little but settled when Pepper rubbed her back.
"I'll do that too," Ned nodded. "By the way, I think you're paired with Flash."
Tony recoiled.
After the Star Wars marathon, Peter put on
"You are the Captain!" Pietro called, then cackled. His wings flapped rapidly with humor.
Natasha went on a rampage, desperately trying to find her son but after five years with no luck, Nick Fury told her to look after Tony Stark.
"Like what?" Bruce asked, voice a little quiet. He was always a little quiet although if he talked about science the man could go on for hours and it was entirely possible for his voice to get louder as well.
"Yes," he said instinctively. "But also not like that."
The first floor contained a kitchen, an office, a living room, and locker room. The locker room is where everyone put their outside stuff. The backyard was nice as it had a pool, a trampoline, and a playground.
She stood up, staring at him with a blank expression. She was a cross between anxious, awed, and proud of him while the others ran over to gather near the two of them.
"Peter?" She called. "I'm coming in," she pushed the door open and looked around. Remembering that Peter's bed was on the top, she walked over to the spiral staircase and headed upstairs, pausing after she reached the top.
"On it," Bucky left, phone in hand. Natasha nodded.
When Fury lead him back inside, Steve warily asked about the wings. Fury looked at him, slightly surprised and asked when he started seeing them.
"You gave me a key Stark." she rolled her eyes. Carol came to the Avengers after Nick Fury introduced them after the fight or rather misunderstanding with the Skrulls.
"So many questions, so little time," Peter sighed. "I'm Peter Parker-I'm Spider-Man don't tell anyone-I'm from New York, Queens specifically but I don't know where I'm going to go now because my aunt is dead and I really don't want to go to an orphanage or something."
Bucky had become more reckless-as if he wanted to die. He was more likely to run into a fight and practically loose his life in the process. Steve tried to tell him that maybe Natalia was still alive-that she was alright-but that just seemed to make things worse.
A surprisingly short (kind of filler chapter y'know)
"Also," Bucky butted in, swallowing the last portion of his bacon. "The gang kind of revealed that apparently Richard and Mary found out what Peter was and actually kept him away from the gang."
"Where have you been?" Natasha demanded and May looked less angry than Natasha sounded but Peter learned quickly that Natasha was more so concerned than angry.
Peter shrugged and Harry slapped his forehead and then pinched the bridge of his nose. "Alright. Fine. Whatever. I'll drop it." And then they lapsed into silence.
But as soon as her eyes landed on Peter, the anger dissipated and she looked like she was about to dissolve into tears. She held a hand up to her mouth and looked over at Phil again who nodded.
It was something that caused him to get all this wounds and bruises and cuts.
"Only second?" Natasha raised an eyebrow.
And then they got into any easy rhythm of flirting with each other.
Natasha's eyes narrowed. "How the hell do you know that?"
"Peter," Natasha spoke up.
They were pretty to look at.
A few were skeptical of Natalia but Steve sent her in first and afterward they ended up calling her 'Flirting Death'. Natalia preferred Black Widow.
"Except the kid's a genius and he isn't going to fall for any of that," Tony pointed out. Clint rolled his eyes.
Natasha frowned, sitting back. "He's not going to like it. There is no version of reality that he would like this. Of course, the alternative is he has one of us come with him to his school. See which one he prefers."
And as it turned out, Peter wasn't just going crazy. He had a legitimate reason to be on edge.
"No." Steve said firmly.
Steve gave up and let him come back to the tower.
No one can sleep, not really, and they all take turns sparring, venting their frustrations in uncontained punches and kicks and battle cries that echo of pain beyond the blows dealt. Tony refuses every time someone offers to spar with him. Steve doesn’t offer.
The corner of Tony's mouth tilts up. “I don't know what you mean. I’m great at baking.”
Tony is so proud of Rhodey. He graduated as valedictorian of his year and now he’s off to MIT on full scholarship, and he’s going to join the Air Force afterwards. Rhodey already has a plan for his life, and he’s well on his way to achieving all of it. Tony honestly can not be more proud of his best friend, go best friend, but he also cannot help the worry that grows heavier by the day, knowing that Rhodey will be hours away and he is going to
“Tony,” he says, blinking the burn of tears gathering in the corners of his eyes away, “how can you possibly think you’re anything less than the incredibly courageous, infinitely strong, insanely smart, tremendously selfless, wonderfully loving, gorgeously beautiful man I see and married?”
“That sounds confusing,” Tony replies.
After that, he finds some semblance of peace in taking apart every failed project Howard gave him grief on. He smashes three prototypes and rips four printed schematics. He spends two hours tearing apart the bot he's halfway finished building and later realizing what he's done, he breaks down amidst the parts and sobs.
“Hi,” Steve greets quietly with a smile that lights up his eyes.
“This is my house, Barnes,” Tony replies primly. “I can make out with my boyfriend wherever I want.” He pulls Steve into another kiss for emphasis, exaggeratedly dragging his tongue across Steve's lips as Steve grimaces but gamely pulls him closer.
So Steve had sworn he would not let Tony go again after the dust settled and the War was over.
It’s a party and a wedding and it’s perfect. They’re surrounded by the people they love most, and Tony doesn’t stop smiling the whole night. His face is aching by the time Pepper kisses him on the cheek good night with Morgan in her arms, and he’s finally alone with Steve.
For the first month of school, he often sauntered into homeroom late with coffee in hand. Loud mouthed and full of childish arrogance, he knew he was smarter than everyone else including the teachers, and he wasn’t shy to let others know that. Tony can admit now, he was a bit of a dick. Naturally, that drew the bullies like blood in water drew sharks.
The reception is raucous and exuberant and casual and
Earlier back at school, Steve had looked stunned when Tony met with the team to wave them off as they loaded onto the bus. He watched Tony with brightfire intensity, his eyes dragging a long line from Tony's head down to his toes. Tony was wearing Steve's old jersey instead of one of his usual tattered t-shirts, and he could see something like heated pride sparking in Steve's eyes, but that's probably his own delusion.
“How dare you try to make me a better person,” Tony manages to quip after a lengthy silence. “Although I do have to say, public transit is a strange way to go about it. I hear that usually makes people
Steve chuckles quietly, his laughter shuddering through his chest and Tony can feel it against his belly. “I need to get home before mom does,” he says.
Steve chuckles. “No, never,” he says firmly. “I’m ready for our forever.”
“Oh?” Steve says, leaning back a little to look down at him with furrowed brows.
After carefully considering his sunglasses for a moment, Tony snatches them up and puts them back on, not knowing who might be in the diner watching and listening. The shades also help deflect the Sullen Steve Stare directed at him. Steve should consider trademarking his very specific look of determined disapproval, as though he doesn’t find Tony the least bit endearing.
“Tony, what is this?”
“Wait,” Natasha says, holding up her hand to stop Tony’s ramble. She raises an incredulous brow. “You’re complaining he’s
Steve stays curled over Tony’s back for a long moment, nuzzling against his neck. Tony arches back against him, clenching again around his cock as Steve laughs and swats lightly at his ass. Tony pouts when Steve gently pulls out, turning his head to glare.
Yep, Tony nods numbly. The plan. Yes. The plan. The one they've had since childhood. Eight whole years now. Pinky promised and everything. Stick to the plan.
“You look so beautiful tonight,” Steve says again, curling his fingers tight around Tony's hand.
Tony considers for a brief moment of lying, and telling Steve that this is all a prank. Then he remembers the contents of the letter, how much of his heart he had poured out onto those pages, and he knows no one will believe him if he says that. Certainly not Steve. The words are far too earnest, far too honest, far too revealing. None of the other four letters were nearly as heartfelt as this one.
“Hmm?” Steve asks midchew.
“Good morning,” Steve says again when they part, sounding breathless.
“No,” Tony says sharply, all the strength he’s tried to gather slipping from his grip. There’s only so much he can take when Steve says his name like that. His wrist burns where Steve still has his fingers wrapped around it. “This went way too far and got out of hand because we were both trying to scratch an itch. What, did you really think I still feel the same way I did when I wrote that stupid letter?”
Tony's orgasm blindsides him, and he gasps as he spills onto the towel beneath him. Before Steve he never would’ve thought he could come untouched after turning fifty. Steve holds him through the tremors, his cock still slowly moving in and out of Tony, dragging whimpers from his lips as his skin buzzes, drunk on oversensitivity. His hole clenches tight around Steve, knocking him off his rhythm and his thrusts become more frantic and more desperate as he chases his own release. Steve comes soon after with a loud cry, filling Tony wet and warm.
“Guess we can help each other then,” Steve replies.
“Okay,” Loki mumbles quietly like he's gathering himself. Loki never mumbles. “Let me just preface this by saying it's not me, it's you.”
He nods decisively and hightails it out of there before Steve can reply. He breaks into a run as soon as he rounds the corner, bringing Happy up on speed dial.
“Let’s be honest though,” Tony grumbles, “I met your mom totally by accident. We didn’t even know she was coming home early that day and that was kinda embarrassing and Sarah is never going to let us live that down—”
“This,” Steve says, tracing the three inked Ms on Tony's chest, right beneath his heart, “is for our daughter. Our baby girl, who loves you so much. She gets to grow up in a safe world because of you. You’re the best dad in the world, and she loves you
Loki is always self assured, even when he's wrong, and perhaps
, as long as we both shall live. Thank you, Tony, for being mine.”
“Hey,” Tony protests weakly. “I resent that, Rhodey-bear. I keep things fun around here.”
Neither he nor Tony had given much thought to it at the time. Even now, Steve doesn’t think about it for the most part but recently, he sees Tony flinch when he walks past the mirror, scurrying past his own reflection as though something’s nipping at his heels. On occasion, Steve sees Tony pause as he nears the mirror, grimacing into the glass before moving quickly away.
“Should I be concerned your ex-wife is teaching you to wear panties?”
“But,” Steve continues, a hint of humor creeping into his voice, “since I’m dating a celebrity now, I might as well bask in the attention and take advantage,” he says with a wide smile. “Do you think we can get free stuff? Like if I tell people I’m with Tony Stark, do I get to skip lines at the supermarket and get more free cheese samples?”
Even from the distance, Tony sees the moment when Steve's eyes widen too in realization, but he doesn't see any more after that because he pivots on autopilot and all but flies down the hall, needing desperately to escape.
Tony's breath hitches in his throat, remembering the night they danced at Thor's house. “Guess so,” he agrees softly, and his voice strangles in his throat when Steve drops down to kneel on the floor between his legs and takes Tony's hard cock with one gentle hand.
- It went through so many rounds of editing, everything from the title to the plot points to the ending that it only vaguely resembles what I originally had.
pills.
The simultaneous feelings of jarring shock and gut wrenching panic leave him lightheaded. That letter should never have seen the light of day, it should be rotting at the back of his closet. It definitely should
- There is a sequel in the works.
“That’s no fun, Nat.”
“My mistake,” Steve concedes gently, his words sounding a lot like a lie too.
“I dreamed often of Captain America when I was young,” Tony says, his voice dipping low and turning serious, “but Steve Rogers is beyond my wildest dreams.” An echo of their wedding vows that immediately springs tears to Steve’s eyes.
“Don’t be jealous,” Tony says, pulling her close. “All three of us can be together.
“Um Steve,” Tony says. “Sweetheart. Honeycakes. The car is that way. On that curb.” He points behind them.
The little note buoys him through his third period class, and he only snoozes a little during the lecture and doesn't even argue the finer points of the Eigenstate Thermalization Hypothesis with his teacher. It's pointless and unkind to argue against idiots anyways.
Everything was an arms length away. All he had to do was extend his hand. A whole world just inches away.
blushing now because of the wink, he's not. It's probably a spontaneous onset fever that makes his cheeks feel so hot. That must be it. Weather changing and all. It's fall and his immune system isn't the best.
“Tony,” Steve begins again, plaintive and begging.
His fingers are singed from soldering, his nail beds blackened with grease. Everytime he reaches up to run frustrated hands over his hair and face, more grime gets smeared onto his skin. He's sure he looks a frightful mess, probably enough to summon a Sullen Steve Stare followed by a lot of fussing.
“I met you first through Aunt Peggy,” Tony says quietly. “Not Captain America, but Steve Rogers. She had so many stories about you. It was hard to reconcile the real you with the legends Howard told.”
Suddenly there was another blow to the car, this one from above where Tony sat, making him jump in his seat, and quickly reach for his briefcase that lay on the floor. His seatbelt, although it had done little to stop him from flying forwards earlier, was now locked and the case now lay just out of reach. He still tried, fingers brushing hopelessly against the handle, almost teasing him.
Bucky sighed before continuing. “They’re developing a routine, one that’s not hard to follow. The kid gets picked up by Happy every Friday after school and is dropped home at the same time every Sunday evening.” It said enough about the comfort of the relationship that Tony was foolish enough to be so predictable, but Steve hadn’t been informed of quite how obvious he’d been acting. “Stark’s been with him each ride for the past six weeks, and it’s only him, the kid and Happy. He isn’t bringing a suit either, well not a full one anyway. This is the most exposed we’ve seen him.”
“Yeah, except a decision like that has meant the worth of his company has nearly halved overnight, with no foreseeable recovery. This isn’t a decision he would’ve made on a whim. Since he’ll conveniently be moving out to New York next week, we want you to find out why. Why the sudden relocation? And why the sudden end to weapons manufacturing? These are the questions that the world is dying to have answered, and we need to be the ones to answer them.”
By now he was thrashing angrily in his chair, tears of frustration pooling in his eyes and threatening to spill forth down his reddened cheeks. The ropes dug in further, smearing small amounts of blood against his skin. The pain was hardly noticeable though, with adrenaline coursing thick through his veins.
Steve continued to trace his fingers around, frowning as he felt the dressing of the wound behind his ear. Pressing gently on it, and despising the small whimper it caused, Steve felt his possessiveness flare up.
Peter’s eyes widened at the unfamiliar name, excitement pulling him out of his drowsy state of mind. He sat up against the bedhead. “No!” Peter quickly shrunk back at the look on Tony’s face at his shouting. Although it still wasn’t that late, Steve wouldn’t be all that happy to know that Tony was letting Peter be up this late. “I thought Falcon was his bestest friend,” Peter spoke again, this time in an exaggerated whisper.
This was where she laughed freely as she affectionately called Tony
Tony is slightly nauseous by the end of the ride and Steve is looking far too amused the seventh time he has to catch Tony when the violent rocking tips Tony's balance and he has to scramble for support to keep from being tossed bodily onto the floor. He hangs onto the passenger poles and Steve for dear life and he's only mildly embarrassed about falling face first into Steve's chest three times, completely not even on purpose. Halfway into the journey, a seat opens up near them and Steve quickly ushers Tony onto the plastic bench and Steve stands in front of him like a protective sentinel for the remaining duration of the ride.
“Are we playing stereotypes?” Tony asks, delighted, when Steve says he wants to study together after school. “No, wait, let me guess. You're totally bad at math and science, aren't you? Living up to the jock cliché? Trying to get me alone with you so I can ‘tutor’ you? That's either the start of a really bad porno or a ridiculous horror movie where you take me to your secret basement and saw off all my limbs.”
Later, Natasha paints Tony’s toes as he braids Loki’s hair, and Tony tries not to think too much of his earlier sadness. They chat and banter and eat pie and ice cream, and Tony thinks wonderingly of how he got so lucky with his friends, that these people are willing to put up with him at all.
“Did you mean it?” Steve finally interrupts.
Bruce chuckles, a small spark of light jumping back into his dull eyes. He takes the seat Steve vacated and removes his glasses to wipe the lens with his shirt. “You’re recovering well if you’re so dramatic as always. Helen Cho looked over your charts before she left for the night. We had to use the Cradle to regenerate that nasty wound in your side, but aside from some malnutrition and dehydration, you’re doing pretty well after spending so much time in space.”
“This is ridiculous, isn’t it?” Tony asks when they settle down for lunch at a small cafe near the museum. He picks idly at his cheeseburger and watches with rapt fascination as Steve eats his fries one by one, licking his lips to catch the salt after each bite until they’re cherry red.
, c’mon Steve, I love seeing you like this. Covered with my name and wearing my armor. I want the whole world to see you like this, how you belong to me—ah, right there—just as I belong to you.
The first email comes from Howard on the Sunday before Thanksgiving. Tony used to wonder if this is how parents normally talk to their children, but watching Steve and Sarah stringing holly on the mantle and singing along to pop songs on the radio, the cold confirmation comes that no, it's not. His and Howard's relationship never has been and never will be normal.
Tony is seventeen the fourth time his heart breaks. He is getting so used to it by that point, it shouldn't even hurt anymore. But it is agony. At first, it feels like numbness until the burn flames through his chest, and it hurts so much he wonders how he will survive.
Then two.
“Oh, Anthony,” she sighs, taking him by the hand. She tugs him upstairs and gestures for him to sit by the foot of her bed as she goes to rummage in her huge walk-in closet.
"I'm - I'm going to go -" Peter nodded towards where Tony went and Natasha nodded.
"Um," Steve titled his head to look at Tony and was surprised when Tony titled his head back. "I guess we have a cat."
May was shocked.
Natasha chuckled. "Well aren't you clever
"Okay." Peter chewed his lip again for a second.
"You can throw that hard work away unfortunately." Steve said.
After school, Peter found a limo with Tony's bodyguard Happy Hogan next to it. He yelped a bit and dragged MJ and Ned out the back entrance. They didn't question him, just walked with him to Central New York and Central Park. They walked around Peter breathed in the fresh hair, feeling happier.
them that way. Any friend he had that was a girl-Natalia, Peggy, Wanda-all felt like sisters to him. He was never outward about it because nobody talked about it then. Usually, he found himself flustered around other men. More recently, Natalia said that they term for him is 'gay' and that he likes boys.
It didn't make him feel better though.
Tony had gotten Steve to do karaoke with him and while Tony was obviously drunk, Steve had super metabolism so he didn't look all that drunk. Clint was losing his mind laughing and Sam and Bucky were just giggling at Clint's laughter. Thor was chatting with Rhodey at the bar and Wanda and Pietro were somewhere in the shadows, just observing.
"Harry," Peter stressed. He looked around. "We shouldn't even
Bruce frowned, "Yes but it shouldn't be."
"It's okay. It's just me." Harry whispered, his voice tickling Peter's ear. Peter shivered, throat going dry. It was only a few months ago when he found out he was gay and Harry being this close was not helping.
"Yes." Tony said automatically. "Let's go.
He couldn't help it though. Everything about the damn man just reminded him of Howard and he hated that.
Steve asked Natalia what wings he had and Natalia responded with "Hummingbird" (Steve later looked up what a hummingbird looked like and how it moved and agreed that that was exactly what Peter was like).
"Actually," Steve cut it and then went a bit red. "Ah...I missed that." he looked back to his sketch and started to mindlessly trace the drawing lines while he let that settle in.
Tony harrumphed but nodded. "Fine. Fine. Whatever."
Instead, his wings just hovered and spread, letting him land softly on the ground. He landed and turned to see Tony frowning.
"You okay?" Natalia asked. Steve nodded, still thinking.
Jarvis seemed to know that he had wings and believed in Tony when Tony told him so.
The Ten Rings came and blew up the hum-vee caravan that the army cars had made and consequently blew up Tony as well.
"I -" Tony stopped blinking. "Peter has just made two AIs,"
But he didn't have any proof to show that what looked like a heathy 80 year old man was dying.
Peter wailed and most of the Avengers went limp. Wanda started crying, letting the tears fall easily. Bucky hung is head low and Steve gaped. Natalia's face hardened.
. Can you see them?"
"Got any clues yet?" Steve was next to her, holding her hand to keep her calm. Pepper was still at work and Tony had volunteered to stay at home with Peter to help him design his new room.
And Peter told him about his parents. About his uncle and then his aunt. How he got his powers and became Spider-Man and then how he joined the Avengers. He even told Harley a little bit about why his wings don't move like they should. It got stressing though, Harley noticed that Peter was going white and stopped him from saying any more.
"That's
"Iron Man?" Natalia guessed.
Pepper made him her assistant.
"Bucky!" A girl who was maybe two-ish inches shorter than the kid ran up to him. "
"Yeah," Peter said. Then he paused for a moment, remembering that he was Spider-Man. "I - I mean -"
The Avengers continued to work together and helped the other recruits settle in. (They also found out that Clint has a family and it wasn't...all that....surprising. It was surprising though.)
"Steve." Tony complained. "Hel me out here, will ya?"
"Yep, world famous cheeseburgers for moi," Tony made a yummy sound. "By the way Harley, if you want to stay, feel free too."
"Have you talked to him?" Bucky hiccuped, grinning.
Steve didn't understand why Tony cared so much about everyone so he finally asked him why he acted so distraught when even one person died. Tony looked Steve in the eye and said, "Because they didn't have to die. Those are people who are just living their lives and it's not just villains who kill them and rip their families apart-it's us too. We attract those villains and it causes people to die." Tony wiped his mouth and looked at the ground. "That's why."
"You know there's a party going on upstairs right?" Natasha startled a little but turned to see Tony leaning against the door frame of her room.
"Because it..." Steve hesitated. "I got less nightmares..."
flirt-panic and stop speaking.
Ned guilty pressed a button and left the room, "Hey mom?"
Iron Man." Peter babbled off, mind whirling. "And now apparently he's my
save Tony.
"What can I say? Great minds think alike!" Clint hopped down and fist bumped Peter.
"To - Ton - Ton - Tony," Steve stuttered, trying to speak but Tony stood up on his hand legs and pressed his front paws into Steve's chest. He pressed a little harder and Steve got the message, lying back down.
"Thanks so much," the girl he was just talking to - Maddie - turned from her apartment building steps to look at him. "That guy just kept giving me the creeps."
"Get to work guys." He told them.
Thor launched himself at the wizard when the guy suddenly disappeared and Thor just tumbled through air. Thor steadied himself and frowned.
The elevator dinged again and Steve and Tony came out from the lab below.
I'm just going to post the rest of it today
Tony Stark avoided Steve Rogers as much as he could and when he couldn't-he acted like a total asshole. Every time he walked away from the situation he cringed and winced at remembering what he did.
He fell to his knees and sobbed.
"Anyway." Tony grunted, turning and pushing a fallen workbench back up. "What's up?" Tony had cooled down (literally) and started putting stuff back.
Artie was standing there, sneering. He stomped on the pad and hissed something at Steve but all Steve cared about was his pad. He tried to shove Artie off the pad but Artie just pressed harder and laughed.
Natalia grinned at him and hugged him tightly.
Jarvis said he had a high pain tolerance.
"Uh...hi?" Peter gave a nervous smile and he stared at the group, eyes wide with surprise.
Peter chewed his lip. "I - yeah...okay," Peter kept his cross fingers behind his back. Bucky gave him a once over with scrutinizing eyes before nodding, satisfied.
"Phoenix!" Steve yelped, jumping in his seat. Tony jumped behind him. "They're phoenix wings!"
"Okay," Peter nodded, still feeling guilty.
"No, you shouldn't have." Steve told him and the other three looked at him, in shock and surprise. "Because I was going to ask
"Yeah," Peter nodded. "Right. Yeah."
His father still hit him and started to get drunk more often than not. Maria didn't pay attention to either of them.
PS I have 7/15 chapters complete. I am working on chapter 8. Y'all have literally inspired me once again to sit down and just write out the last few chapters so here we go!
Well, this may not have surpassed that but it definitely got close.
Tony shook his head. "You're something else, Cap." He sighed and tossed all the papers in a shredder next to the table. "Questions?"
Peter smiled and jogged forward to give him a quick hug. "Thanks,"
"Steve," Natalia recovered first. "We're not that dumb. But it's nice of you to finally come out." Steve opened his mouth in surprise.
Over and over and over again.
"Peter was taken from me when he was three years old. I had
." Killian' grin widened. "And who better to test it than the man who rejected it."
They all paused to look at him.
"Wanna kiss?" Pepper asked.
done before and clearly not something he had done with a childhood friend.
So he kept his mouth shut.
Tony hated his wings.
"How about you back off,
it's a big fucking deal." Carol supplied.
"Ye-eahhhh-yep," Peter talked through his yawn.
Later, Steve found that Nick Fury had been looking to Falcon and Spider-Man. (He's also been looking at others but refuses to tell Steve.)
She followed Clint up and helped bring down the last few boxes. She glanced around the bare room and couldn't help but nod in satisfaction and close the door.
"How did this happen?" Steve muttered while Natasha peered over the ridge to look at the warehouse.
Her eyes softened up and she looked sad. "And then they burned."
Steve gaped. "Tony..."
be if it weren't for New York's light pollution. Harley apparently had been fascinated by the stars in Tennesse and he learned about them as much as he could.
And then there was a loud bang and Tony was lying on the ground, groaning. "Oh what the fuck? What the fuck? I - I'm down? Question mark? What the hell happened?"
Steve and the Howling Commandos worked over the next few weeks to destroy every HYDRA base that Steve remembered from the map he saw when he rescued Bucky.
"My name is Phil Coulson," the man introduced himself. "And you're Peter Carbonell Parker, correct?"
Steve raised his eyebrows to Natalia who was draped over Bucky. Natalia just shrugged in response and Bucky kept his eyes trained on the door that the two had left through.
Tony insisted on a walk in closet so Peter had that be built underneath the loft. On top of the loft was Peter's bed and bathroom. In between the spiral staircase and the tinkering space was a floor to ceiling window that jutted out with a stretching space underneath it and the ability to open onto a mini balcony.
"I love you too," Natasha kissed her cheek back as her mind whirled for a moment. "So how do we get Bucky to spill?"
Ned just opened his mouth.
MJ rolled her eyes. "I'll ask mine when I get home."
moms and
He was absolutely
is my freaking
"This was your idea!" Bucky and Tony yelled at the same time. Peter burst into laughter through the comm.
The wedding was small. Natalia dressed herself up and Pepper was her maid of honor. It was just the Avengers and Natalia didn't want anything fancy (Bucky didn't care, he just wanted to get married).
take him on as many dates as much as he could. Because he loved Tony when he wasn't being an ass around everyone else.
"Ouch." Clint - Hawkeye - sighed. He got to his feet pretty easily though and threw Mr. Stark a glare who was still giggling.
"How could he fly?" Wanda frowned.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I love it when you speak Russian," Pepper murmured, sipping her drink. "It's very sexy,"
"We're not done." Natalia told Tony.
that any of it happened. The stance of her body, her emotions, her confusion, and facial features all prove that. I can't deny that she's been a positive influence on Peter and I can't deny that she does have some semblance of rights. But that doesn't mean I have to like it." She scowled and crossed her arms, watching as Phil came in with papers.
"Sir most certainly does not have this." JARVIS's voice came through the comm. Peter unplugged his ears and stared at Clint and Steve, eyes wide.
"Just follow me to the car Pete," MJ sighed. "Let's get you to the Tower."
"I mean-" Bucky stumbled.
As he grew older, he found he couldn't get much taller. According to his ma, it was because of all the sicknesses he had. Steve tried to make the most of it, even when the war started. He helped other people on the street, despite them not wanting his help and he fought back when people bullied him. Unlike what he did with Artie.
T'Challa, Thor, and Vision came barging in after Sam. Thor's lightning wings were flickering and spasming-halfway between angry and worried. T'challa's black and white wings were twitching but kept a calm demeanor like he always does. Vision looked impassive and only slightly concerned for his comrades. He didn't have wings.
"So, I'm just going to bite the bullet and ask how you're doing," Pepper sighed. "I noticed you were missing so I sent Tony up to get you. What'd he say to you?"
There was a pause and then Peter spoke back, "I love you too, mom,"
The Avengers' first fight was against Thor's brother Loki.
"That's crazy," MJ shook her head. "Only you Pete. Only you."
"It don't bite, he says," Peter hissed, mocking Harry and nursing his hand. "It's fine, he says,"
"Oh yeah." Peter blinked. "Wait..." Peter recognized Harry again who was standing near a cafe and talking to another curly haired boy around the same age. Harry looked aggravated and the other kid looked about the same but...Peter recognized the other kid and found himself instinctively walking towards the duo.
"Did I say something?" Tony frowned.
The door dinged open and Natasha and May looked up from the communal couch.
Tony slapped his face. "I shouldn't have said anything..."
Thor's wings were pure lightning and thirteen feet long. Bruce's were green wings that were more sharply angled. They were down and draped on the floor behind him because he slouched and looked around nervously. The wings seemed skittish as well and they looked damaged. They seemed to be about five feet long, the shortest in the group.
"Any idea how we can get back?" Steve asked.
"Yep." Peter yawned suddenly.
Steve rolled his eyes, smiling. Since their third or fourth date, Tony always acted like a little hyperactive four year old around Steve. And only Steve. He was still a bit of a sarcastic ass around everyone else (except for Harley and Peter).
"Yes," she smiled at him and Peter re countered the moments when he ran into Harry and Harley again. May looked happy that he was spending time with them again - he could tell that May missed those two and felt bad that Peter had to make new friends.
Steve nodded and looked at his own golden wings.
"Oh my god!" Clint busted out laughing while Steve blinked several times.
"Boys," Natasha rolled her eyes. "Peter? I've got something to tell you."
Peter choked on the next bite of sandwich he took. "I -
All around him the noise seemed amplified and it hurt so Steve focused on Erskine. He was shorter than Erskine before but now he was taller. Steve couldn't totally believe that he was that tall and Erskine was smiling at him proudly.
his hand.
"Yeah, crazy," Tony seemed to be in a state of shock as well and Natasha noticed that the others had began and shift around to do what they were going to do today.
"Do you think he knows what's happening?" Tony inquired.
"How the fucking hell did you get into my Tower?" Tony asked loudly.
"Where is he?" She demanded, her voice quiet but strong and threatening. Phil held out his hands.
"Come on!" she called and Tony flew out, activating his suit while Natasha grabbed a stumbling Peter and pulled him up the side of the hill. A loud boom echoed behind them and it was a tad too close because Natasha and Peter went flying.
sorry, I didn't realize someone lived here-"
"How are you?" Harley asked, pulling Peter out of his stupor.
And then Peter came and Steve got to see a whole new man.
"Of course," Peter nodded and watched as Harley walked away. "I'm going to try and patrol tonight."
heads up, there might be a lot of inaccuracies so whoops but eh at the same time I don't really care anymore. anyways, have fun, we're like two chapters away from the end oop
Tony sniffed before sitting down and sticking his head in the bowl to scarf it all down. Natasha gestured with her hands like 'see? don't feed him cat food idiots'.
"Definitely," Natasha nodded as Clint said, "Almost indefinitely."
"Steve?" Tony looked at him, eyebrow raised.
Ned nodded enthusiastically as they ducked out of the back of the school and towards MJ's new truck.
"Complicated?" Peter frowned.
Natasha sat at the island, watching them cook as she twitched her lips around, wondering what was going to happen. She knew that May was nice and she was grateful for everything and on some level Natasha figured that if she put the past to the side and worked on getting to know May, the both of them would actually have a pretty good time getting along.
"Yeah. Harry?" Peter swallowed, still smiling. Harry grinned back.
want me on the team?" Tony looked at him.
"Holy shit," Tony said loudly and they looked at him. "You two
Jarvis was his favorite. Mostly because his dad was out looking for Captain America and his mom was busy running a company so only Jarvis could watch over Tony (and Sophia but Sophia was fired when Tony's mom found out that Sophia was teaching Tony Spanish to the point when Tony couldn't understand English).
"Steve?" Bucky tested.
"I - yeah," Peter blushed. "I'm a geek."
Steve stared at the kid who had puffed out his chest and glared at Artie. Artie, who had laughed and was about to ask the kid to do something-probably to help him get Steve off his back-froze.
"Yes Mr. Peter?" JARVIS asked.
Peter's leg began to jiggle more and he found himself turning into a nervous wreck because yeah...there's no way out of this situation.
Bucky nodded slowly. "Right."
"The 'Sight'?" Peter frowned.
"You're the kid that we needed. The one that the Parkers refused to give up." The man smirked suddenly. "Of course we had to eliminate them but we thought that the brother might give you up."
Peter chewers his lip. "I just feel like something is coming."
Just, stopped. Stopped moving, stopped breathing, stopped struggling, stopped
Peter grinned and typed back. He asked where he might be able to find things and MJ gave him directions to 2nd on fish street where a robbery was happening.
He jumped off the roof when no one was looking. He floated for a bit but the wings stayed still and he didn't know how to get them to flap.
Steve ran in and found Tony on the ground. A hole was blasted on the other side and lava seemed to leak out. Steve hurried over to Tony and attempted to help him up. Steve pulled away though because his hands practically burned.
"We have to find the gang," Natasha explained. "We're trying to figure out how to get Bucky to spill the beans."
Peter laid on his bed later that night, painfully aware of the conversation between May and the doctor. He could hear every word in crisp english even with ear muffs on to muffle everything.
Wanda and Pietro were trying to fight out of their bonds but Steve could see them struggling. Wanda looked like she was on the verge of tears and that made sense to Steve because she was probably reading Killian's mind.
Here's another chapter
"Yeah," Tony's wings lowered. "I figured."
"Why would you-?" Steve stopped.
Steve stared at him. "What?"
Everyone was chatty with each other and even though there were several random ladies and gentlemen in the penthouse at the moment, that didn't stop anyone partying with each other all together.
Stark actually looked excited and Natasha's heart broke a little when she saw Stark's reaction when she told him that Peter had been kidnapped five years ago.
Steve was happy for Natalia and the next day, Peggy, Natalia, and Steve went to a store in Brooklyn where Steve was told that his 'chance' was getting into this program. For...something.
visiting me. And I don't think you all would want to do this?"
"Just this morning." Steve told him. Fury nodded slowly.
"It was nice seeing you Peter," he smiled lavishly and Peter smiled back and nodded, seeing Harley flush in shock in the corner of his eye.
"Hey Nat!" Scott came in through the elevator, waving with Clint on his heels. Clint looked a little drowsy and he bypassed everyone in favor of flopping onto the living room floor and closing his eyes.
Tony snorted. "So?"
Steve had tried to chase the man. He caught him but the man killed himself in front of Steve's eyes. Steve went into shock because
"Um, remember Harley and Harry?" Peter asked and May lit up.
"Is this what it feels like to be drunk?" He muttered and he distantly heard Harry laugh.
"You really think that pretending to be the son of two Avengers is going to make you something special Parker?" Flash came up behind him and sneered. Peter stared at him as MJ scoffed.
"So, how is he?" Tony asked as Natasha walked down.
"That one." Tony pointed. "That's where we're jumping off." And he grabbed Steve's arm and pulled him towards whatever building he had pointed at.
"That-that's really not how it works, but okay..." Harley replied weakly, surprised and touched that Peter would care that much about a stranger.
Natasha cracked a smile, taking note of the twins that were emerging from the shadows to lay down next to Clint. Clint was the first one to knock out the twins and make connections with them. Wanda laid across Clint's stomach and he let out a little oof but allowed it and started petting Pietro's hair.
"Let's see if this works." Killian smiled and walked back to Peter.
"What does -?" Steve started but froze when he heard a loud meow on the other end. "Uh. Tony?"
"So anything else that I need to know?" Natasha asked. "Like allergies or whatever?"
Peter jerked towards the voice.
Kind, caring, loving, determined, protective. Everything Steve thought he wasn't. Steve cared for Tony-before as a brother because that's what Tony was to him. But it wasn't until his wing brushed Tony's that he realized he might feel a little bit more.
"There. Take a shower." Peter announced and walked back to the couch, flipping down next to Natasha. Steve pulled back, appalled and Tony blinked.
Steve smiled. "Hello lovely," and he pecked Tony's lips before flipping to another reality TV show. Tony muttered something and then laid down.
"No!" Steve stopped. "Well, for a little bit yeah. But no!"
Mr. Stark barked a laugh as Hawkeye toppled backward and Peter gaped.
No response.
He was fourteen when he met his friends Rhodey and Pepper. Pepper could see wings and loved Tony's.
SHIELD supposed that there was a glitch in the system but either way, Natasha was pregnant and this would be the only time she would probably ever get pregnant. So she wasn't about to screw this up.
in forever and he tried to pay but Harley insisted saying, "Peter, I'm the one taking you out on a date.
Peter turned to look at everyone who all seemed to be deep in thought.
Steve rolls his eyes and tightens his grip on Tony's hand. Tony watches helplessly as Happy cheerfully waves at them from where he stands by the nice comfy car parked at the side of the street.
The jukebox is still perched in the corner by the long sprawling counter, quietly humming away as a slow ballad plays from the tinny crackling speakers. He makes a quick stop to drop a quarter into the machine, flicking through the selection until he finds The Supremes.
“Come down here,” she commands, and tugs on Tony’s pant leg until he kneels.
“Me too,” Steve replies, confusion heavy in his tone.
“You have the mind and preferences of a freshly minted nonagenarian,” Tony replies, not bothering to bite back his grin.
Steve laughs, bringing one hand up to cup Tony’s face, his thumb stroking gently along his jaw. “No contract,” he promises. “Just please stop calling me Rogers. It makes me feel like you’re out of reach when you do that. Like we’re strangers. You can call me anything else. Even snookums.”
Before Steve can reply, the shrill ding of an incoming message distracts Tony. Pepper must be very angry if she went through FRIDAY to bypass his dark mode to reach him. He leans over to dig through their pile of clothes for his phone while Steve tries to keep him from falling off their bed, letting out a tiny cheer when he finds the device.
“Oh fuck,” Tony moans, catching Steve’s lips in another searing kiss as second finger joins the first inside him. They move in slow shallow thrusts, stoking the flame at Tony’s core, and he needs
“Is this okay?” he asks, his lips a hair's breadth away from Tony's mouth.
“Yeah but,” Steve says, his cheeks turning redder, “mine is like. Ridiculous. Atrocious.”
He wipes furiously at his eyes before his father can see his tears and from somewhere above him, he is aware of yelling but he can only hear snatches of it between the rising buzz in his ears.
“I’m sorry,” Steve says, shattering the oppressive silence.
“Everyone’s great, Steve,” Ben replies, leaning against the countertop. “Always good of you to ask. Peter is excitedly looking forward to watching your next game. He really looks up to you.”
“The guy I met—there was no way he was pretending,” Rhodey says, and Tony wishes he never called. “No one is that good of an actor. No, hear me out, Tones! I know it's hard for you to trust that people genuinely care about you, and if I could punch Howard in the face, I would. But believe me, I would bet everything I own that Rogers wasn't faking it. Not the way you think. No one looks at someone the way he did to you if he wasn't ridiculously in love with you.”
“Wait, just one last
“Jesus fucking Christ,” Tony murmurs as he trails reverent fingers over the contours of Steve's chest, feeling the shift of muscle beneath his palm.
“I was—”
“What, you want to see the tattoo?” Tony teases, swallowing hard. His tongue feels thick and his mouth swollen, his heartbeat speeding up at the command.
Tony can't help the laughter that bubbles from his throat, loud and bright as he watches his friends horse around in the water. Pepper is sitting on Sam’s shoulders as Loki sits astride Thor, the four of them laughing as they try to wrestle each other into the water. On the other end of the pool, Clint finds a ball from somewhere and they start a round of water polo, with some of their other classmates eventually joining in.
Tony groans. He does kind of feel bad but he doesn't know if he feels
Tony isn’t avoiding Steve. He’s not. He just wants to talk to Bruce about time dilation.
“Pepper—”
Tony snorts. “As if she doesn't know what you're doing spending so much time at my house,” he says, waggling his eyebrows exaggeratedly. He presses his fingers lightly against the purpled mark he left on Steve's shoulder.
Every day, like clockwork, Steve brings him breakfast and coffee in the labs. After second period, he would be waiting in the halls outside of Tony’s classroom door to drop a note into his hands and again right before the start of seventh. Sometimes they're about Tony, sometimes they're little anecdotes and punny jokes. Lately, they've been slowly transitioning to more doodles, usually observational sketches Steve makes of eyes and hands. Sometimes, they're comic characters, and Tony soon realizes the big muscly one is supposed to be Steve and the high tech robot armor is Tony. He likes those notes the best.
He drifts in and out of wakefulness for an eternity. There are flashes of color behind his eyes as he struggles to blink them open.
“Okay,” Loki echoes. He gives Tony a weird look before reaching into his bag. “I received this in the mail this morning.”
Tony smiles but doesn't say anything. He presses his cup-warmed hand over Steve's name, scraping his nails lightly over the silk thread and settles in to watch the game as the brass band marches onto the field to open the first quarter.
On the third and fourth days, he skips school, uncaring of the rumors and things he knows are being said about him. He walks through his house like a specter, barely lucid enough to form coherent thoughts. He's listless and empty and everything hurts. From all of the times his heart has been broken and remade shard by shard, he doesn't remember it ever feeling like this.
But Tony doesn't tell Steve how much he hates it, hates how he's been set on the path to be a merchant of death long before he even understood what war means. He doesn't tell Steve about the sleepless nights spent awake thinking about his name printed on weapons deployed to destroy cities and lives. He doesn't tell Steve the screams he hears in his head and the roar of explosions he knows he made. He doesn't tell Steve he can't watch the news anymore, can't stomach any of it. He doesn’t tell Steve he dreams often of Rhodey in a fighter jet getting shot down by a Stark Industries drone. He doesn't tell Steve how sick it made him feel to ever think Steve might've thought of signing up to add his name to the list of men and women dying too young.
Steve wants to keep his eyes open so he doesn’t miss a thing: from the flutter of Tony's long lashes against the high crest of his cheeks to the soft inhale as Steve moves one hand from his jaw to the line of Tony's throat and down to his chest. His fingers skirt around the scars that make Tony self-conscious, traveling along the swaths of smooth skin as his husband arches up underneath him, following the heat of his palms. Steve lingers at Tony’s nipples, knowing that’s a favorite sensitive spot, and he’s rewarded with a soft moan.
“Please take care of him,” Rhodey is saying to Pepper. “Make sure he doesn't get into too much trouble.”
“That cannot be true,” Jarvis says, and Tony appreciates it, he really does, but try as Jarvis will to reassure him, he knows how everything was wrong from the start and nothing was ever going to end well.
“Hi, honey,” she says directly to Tony, and Tony wishes a chasm would open up in the rug and swallow him whole. “I'm Sarah Rogers. It's nice to meet you.”
Tony stares him down and replies drily, “That was horrible, you ROTC nerd.”
There’s a beat of silence before Bruce replies. “Pepper is fine,” he says.
Tony only responds with another filthy kiss that leaves them both panting for air after they part. When Tony breaks the kiss with a smiling gasp, his cheeks are gorgeously flushed, lips beestung kiss-swollen, dark eyes blown wide. He steals Steve’s breath in that moment.
“I want to
First, he ran from Steve. Now he runs from Natasha.
“Okay,” Tony sighs, wondering not for the first time what he's done to deserve friends like them.
,” Tony groans as he flops face first onto his bed.
Steve wrinkles his nose in distaste. “Really,” he deadpans.
“There is no
“You know, I think I might take up painting again when I retire,” Jarvis says apropos of nothing. Tony frowns slightly at the abrupt change in subject as Jarvis continues, “I often painted when I was younger. I drew a lot too. You might guess who my favorite subject was.”
Tony doesn't tell Jarvis he barely has time to take a breath with three prototypes he needs to build, much less eat. He sustains himself on handfuls of leftover mincemeat pie Sarah had packed home for him and cup after cup of cold stale coffee to keep himself awake.
“Three more hours?!” Pepper exclaims. She sighs, and Tony can hear the exasperation in her voice. “You're working way too hard, Tony. It's unhealthy.”
pills, the
,” Tony croaks. He holds up his hands to stop Steve from saying anything else when he opens his mouth again. “And there never will be,” he says firmly. “Pepper is one of my best friends and I'm not going to get between her and Rhodey.”
,” Steve interrupts. “You're really not getting it at all. That day, that was just a friendly conversation.” He ignores Tony's snort of derision and continues, “Peggy was telling me how glad she is that I look so happy. I swear, that was it. She told me she was glad I found someone who is able to make me smile all the time, and she was happy for me—for
to power them home. He breathes harshly in the pitch black as he fumbles for the flip phone on the nightstand and his panting breaths don’t slow he feels the familiar plastic between his fingers. He curls his grip around it, tight enough to hear the casing groan as he breathes.
“It's only ten forty now,” Steve says, glancing at his phone. He reaches over to pull Tony closer until he's laying half sprawled on top of Steve with his head pillowed on Steve's chest. “I'm not so sure we can make it either the food coma creeping in. We should probably set an alarm.”
“We'll make it this year,” Tony promises softly, his heart clenching painfully in his chest.
“Can’t it be both?”
“Do what?” Steve asks mildly.
“It's just SI stuff,” Tony finally says. “Just crap Howard wanted me to build and it's not even working properly right now, the code is a mess and I'm still trying to figure out the right components. It's not really good enough to talk about yet. It's not done or anything. It's really boring,” he finishes lamely.
The spark of agitation ignites into flame. “It doesn't fucking matter, Rogers,” Tony says, all but baring his teeth. “Your letter was written a long time ago—”
Tony scoffs, wanting nothing more than to get away. He gets up and tries to push past Steve to get out of the lab but Steve is blocking the door and he is not budging. “I don't fucking care, Rogers. It's none of my business. Now get out of my way.”
“Military family,” Peggy says simply. “Something we have in common.”
“Oh, you're in for it then,” Steve informs him, and immediately resumes the tickling until tears of mirth gather in the corners of Tony's eyes and leak down the sides of his cheeks. He wriggles like a fish in Steve’s grip, trying desperately to dislodge him, but Steve is far stronger and apparently very determined to tickle Tony to death.
Tony sniffs. “What’s the point of us even going? I can just sign the donation check at home.”
Steve breathes a gusty sigh through his nose and squares his shoulders. They really are very impressive shoulders. “I've liked you since we were kids, Tony, since the first day we met in ninth grade,” he says slowly as though he's afraid Tony might bolt again. “I've always liked you.”
“Was he now?” Tony says, a smile curling his lips. He glances over at Steve whose cheeks are beet red and he's refusing to meet Tony's eyes.
“It's nice to see you too, Tones,” Rhodey says affectionately, laughing. He still has an armful of clinging Tony, who absolutely refuses to let go of him, even when they make the rounds of introductions.
Pepper is disturbingly awake as she passes Tony his venti americano with three extra shots and slides into the seat next to him. She reaches over to fix his wrinkled collar and tries to finger comb his unruly hair into submission. He submits manfully to her fussing.
“You are sure about this?”
Tony loves Steve so much, he aches with how intensely everything feels firebright and crystal sharp every time Steve is near him. He cannot possibly lose this because he's being stupid, not again, not when he can finally,
“Steve…” Tony says warningly, his voice tapering into a sharp gasp when Steve sucks at the column of Tony’s neck and scrapes his teeth against the sensitive skin.
It is honestly, a pretty good time. Eventually, they get some cleaning done, enough to make a sizeable dent in the amount of junk Tony hoards.
Tony squints at him. “Not one bit.” He wonders a little at Steve’s shift in behavior when just earlier in the day, he seemed cautious about their fake relationship, but Tony ultimately decides not to look the gift stallion in the mouth. He’ll appreciate the (rather thorough) cooperation while he has it.
“I love seeing you wear my colors,” Steve whispers against the shell of Tony's ear, sending shivers down his spine. His voice is barely audible above the music, a loud hip hop beat they ignore in favor of swaying slowly together, pressed nearly chest to chest. Steve's fingers are tracing his name stitched on Tony's breast, reverent and careful. “You look so good in red and blue.”
“It wasn’t about propaganda or accomplishment for him, to have you home,” Tony continues. “He wanted to do it for you, and for Aunt Peggy, so she could have that closure. It was the one thing he wanted to do right.”
They barely manage to make it to the bed a handful of feet away before they're tearing each other's clothes off, mouths pressed together in heated kisses. They land on the covers with a soft
“Oooh, Rogers, how forward of you!” Tony gasps.
“I’ve also decided I will write you at least two notes every day,” Steve says. Tony blinks at him blankly. “Peggy always said I wasn’t romantic enough, so I figured I should practice doing things like write love notes,” Steve explains, shrugging, and the slightly uncomfortable look creeps back onto his face.
Tony thinks maybe he should feel some kind of spark at that, satisfaction maybe. Vindication perhaps. But all he feels is empty. He squeezes his eyes shut.
Jarvis sucks in a harsh breath as though Tony has said something that hurts him. “I beg to differ, Anthony. It is frankly insulting that you think so. Your friends love you a great deal. Your mother loved you. Ana loves you. And of course, I love you, my dear boy. I love you very much, we all do, and I want nothing but the very best for you.”
—feel so good.
who looks absolutely devastated as he whispers, “Tony,” the sound deafeningly loud in the silent clearing.
Luckily, Steve isn't stupidly frozen. “Hey,” he says with a bright smile as he slings an arm across Tony's shoulders to pull him close as though they do this all the time. They start walking. “How was class?”
“Come on, you useless cretin,” Loki snarls as Tony hangs limply from his clutch. “You're awfully heavy for someone so fucking puny.”
“Oh my god,” Tony groans as Steve laughs. “If I knew you were going to go into that big brother mode of yours, I would've shut the door in your face. I take back what I said earlier. I'm shipping you back to your precious university right now. Get out of my house.”
happy you finally have Steve.”
Tony takes mercy on him and moves down to take more of Steve’s cock in his mouth, swallowing down as much of the considerable length as he’s able until it presses snug against the back of his throat. He’s not sure if the next moan is from himself or from Steve whose head is tossed back against the chair, broad chest heaving with heavy breaths.
They're so caught up in the tickle fight, they don't hear the front door opening and closing and nearing footsteps until it's too late. A lamp flickers on with a soft
Steve hums in consideration, his eyes roving around the lab, taking in the haphazard pile of metal in the corner, the benches and counters scattered throughout the large space, the bank of monitors anchored to the wall behind them, the detritus of tools and parts laying on every available surface, and the threadbare couch pushed against the far wall where Tony powernaps when he has a spare moment. It's the first time Steve has been down in the mansion’s basement, Tony realizes.
Tony sighs exaggeratedly. “Then you and me both, sweetums. Not my best subject either.”
Steve is with him, as though he’s afraid if he so much as raises his voice, Tony will disappear and be gone forever. It’s stupid and ridiculous and Tony hates it. He hates the hollow look in Steve’s eyes. He hates the quiet tone of his voice. He hates the way Steve treats him like fine china, fragile and breakable. But most of all, he hates the way he misses the way they used to fight.
“Stevie,” Bucky Barnes was the first to pick his jaw up off the floor. “You didn't tell me your boy was Tony fuckin’ Stark.”
“I’m the luckiest man in the world,” Steve murmurs, his tone pitching lower to match.
Tony's heart clenches tight, can't bear to tell Jarvis he's not, not really. Because nothing is real and it'll all end soon. Steve is going to leave once Peggy takes him back and Tony will be left in this cold house to pick up the pieces of his own foolish heart.
Tony tells himself this is fine, everything
Outside the mansion, snow is fluttering down from a steel grey sky that is darkening deep purple, fat white flakes drifting lazily down from the clouds gathered above. From the windows, they can see Fifth Avenue sprawling aglow in bright cheerful yellow, warm and hazy in the winter fog.
That's how Pepper and Rhodey find them when they arrive. Pepper’s cheeks are gorgeously pinked from the winter chill and Rhodey has certainly bulked up over the last few months. His shoulders are straining the woolen fabric of his coat, his dark hair cropped shorter than Tony’s ever seen, and his smile is so big, his eyes crinkle at the edges.
“I’m sleepy,” Tony murmurs sometime after ten. They're halfway through
The hyper focused viral attention on their relationship starts to peter down sometime during the second week. Tony notices fewer phones aimed in their direction and fewer tweets and snaps about them as the days pass. He can tell Steve is relieved now that the attention is shifting away from them, especially when the sharks find a new victim in Brock Rumlow who recently got booted off the wrestling team for drug use.
“You can't possibly go empty handed,” Jarvis had said earlier that day as he pulled ingredients from the fridge. “I will not allow it. It is rude after Miss Rogers has so graciously invited you to spend the holiday in her home. Now kindly get out of my kitchen. I have not yet forgotten about your green cupcake debacle, and you are absolutely not allowed to touch anything here.”
