When his little mate begins to cry out in pain as his stomach starts to cramp and there is a searing pain in his groin, he bites down again on the bonding gland releasing his own secretions to force the change to quicken.  He can do nothing about the pain, it is nature’s way of ensuring only the strong can adapt and change, he can only keep fucking and knotting his mate, pumping cum up into his stomach.  In the dead of the night he pushed a ring gag into Tony’s mouth and forces his cock deep into his throat, not before his greedy little mate mewls and whines, tongue lathing his thick mushroom head, lapping up the steady steam of pre cum.  Tony’s body is lax under him as he lets Steve take and take from him.  His pain filled eyes beg for Steve to help him, and he does, alternately fucking his mouth and asshole as he runs his fingers along the newly forming hole, behind his hard, little cock.
“ Wonderful sweetheart, you have reached your target weight of 85 kilograms, I am so proud of you.   My baby deserves a celebration breakfast, come on let’s go down and tell the team, they will want to celebrate with us.
All that was needed was a gentle press on a slim shoulder and Tony was sinking back down, slick running in rivulets down their arms, easing the way for hard thick muscular arms to be swallowed up in the dark heat of their omega’s gaping holes. Blissed out he only managed to rise and fall on their fists a few times before his body exploded into a million burning pieces at the intensity of his orgasm.
She sucked the unhooded clit into her mouth letting it rest on her tongue, soaking it with her saliva, the warmth of her mouth heated the chilled nub of flesh.  Pursing her lips, she sucked and tugged, rolling her tongue around the piercing, as she forced Loki’s thighs further apart with her hands, so that she could bite into the soft flesh of Loki’s cunt lips as the tip of her tongue pulled on the piercing.
This chapter contains spanking, non consensual bondage, body modification and milking.  Do not read if this is not your thing.
The white fitted silk shirt showed off the curve of his small breasts and a hint of lacy cleavage. Tony had not been happy with the heels, but a couple of minutes of continuously vibrating omega balls had him squirming and panting, begging Steve to let him come. Needless to say, his omega was a bit unsteady on the heels after a string of orgasms.  It did not matter to Steve as it gave him an excuse to hold Tony close as they walked into the Avengers lounge where the cameras had been set up for the interview.
The bright orange hair was startling, and he decidedly didn’t like the short cut. The too small suit and the glimpse of lace stocking top and cleavage when she sat, would be enough to distract or entice any business associates, something his Pepper would never have condoned, and judging by the pinched look on this Pepper’s face she was none to happy about her new appearance.
A plan of action was worked out after meeting with Pepper and Rhodey, who had admitted that they had long suspected but were never able to find any proof.  Pepper along with SI legal department took care of all the legal documentation and set the court date with a Judge that would be sympathetic towards Captain America and the Avengers request for ownership.  They did not want to alert the press or the public to the change in Stark’s status until after they were awarded ownership of both the Pet and Stark Industries.
Silence greeted his words, Clint muttered about the shooting range and practice, abandoning the rest of his breakfast.  Wanda and Vision stayed a while before leaving together hand in hand, Steve knew that they were both so wrapped up in each other that little seemed to affect them since Vision survived after the battle with Thanos.
He was beyond furious with the ungrateful bitch, how dare he accuse him of rape!  They were a mated pair, in the eyes of the law he owned Tony and could do anything he wanted as the omega had freely consented to their mating.
Tony closed his eyes as he took Natasha’s thin cock into his mouth, his fingers moved to her pussy stroking the small soft lips before dipping inside.  Tony mechanically sucked and fingered her until she pushed him off and came all over his face and chest.  Her small hard fingers smeared her juices over his face and body deliberately pinching and scratching his skin as she went.  Sitting back, she readjusted her skirt wiping her fingers clean on his hair.
“Pepper time to wake up!  You didn’t think that you were going to escape with just a little physical discipline.  Pepper you are going feel  every inch of Thor as he rips your cunt apart and when he is done, you will take mine and I am not going to hold back on my strength this time.”
Howard had made sure to drum in to Tony with words, fists and cold clinical experiments that Steve Rogers was the only Alpha that he would ever be able to bond fully with. Tony had been proud, fascinated and excited when young to be the chosen mate of Captain America, who could blame him for his years of anger and frustration when he finally found out that he had been groomed and biologically altered to be the omega of a dead Alpha.  Howard and Marie’s insistence that Steve Roger’s would be found alive fell on deaf ears.
“Ste….Alpha, l don’t understand, why?”
Without any hesitation Steve picked up his pen and signed, looking round he felt pride in the fact that the rest of his team/pack has also signed immediately.
Steve continued kissing his baby boy’s swollen lips, nipping and licking the soft skin along his jaw, swallowing down Tony’s breathy mewls and whimpers.  Feeling the pressure building up in his balls he pulled off the heavy diaper tossing it on the floor, he thrust his cock between Tony’s spread thighs over his smooth perineum to nudge at the base of his butt plug.  His baby boy’s small hands grasped his slick member as it slid back and forth between his fingers, looking at those delicate fingers struggling to contain his girth pushed him over the edge.
Poor baby Tony gets to suck on a strange popsicle.
Tony was silent for awhile after he finished, body once again tense, waves of anxiety and confusion rolling of him, Steve held him gently as he waited for some response to his words,  perhaps it was a bit much to take in all at once, but Steve wanted to have things settled so that all his omega had to do was concentrate on getting healthy and settling in to his new role as omega mate to the Alpha of the Avengers Pack.
“Clever girl BB, that is a perfect brand, you are a very, talented young lady.  Now Darcy why don’t you say thank you to BB and then you can go settle in your crate for the night, make sure that you swallow down the feeding gag and push back on to the dildo once the door has closed. Set the timer for one hour on and three hours off, until 9am.”
His eyes were heavily rimmed with black kohl eye liner ending in a sharp thin wing. Dark shimmery bluish grey shadow blended to a shimmering gold shadow on his brow.  Dark green shimmery shadow emphasized the area under his eyes following the shape of the black eye liner.  The inner rims of his eyes also had a coating of black kohl pencil.  His thick long eye lashes needed no mascara but had been curled.
Hulk was aware of the other Alphas watching him, but he wanted the attachments to be a surprise, the thick correction collar with its many d-rings made it easy for him to clip on second piece of jewellery.  Picking up the last part of the outfit he placed the headband with it’s cute little horns and cow ears so that it sat nestled in thick dark curls.
“There we go Mr President, by the morning her breasts will be at their maximum size along with her nipples.  I would suggest nipple caps to stop leakage and also if she is crawling, they will be brushing along the floor”
“That’s it Tony look at you taking both our cocks such a good cocksucker, going to feed you my cum now, then Bucky is going to fuck your ass whilst you eat the rest of your breakfast. JARVIS says that you are behind with your feeding schedule so as my punishment to you for this morning you are not leaving this bed until you have eaten and drunk yesterday’s missed meals.”
Steve and Winter had headlines from all the news papers and news channels running across the holo-mirror for their omega to see, as they watched their milk cow’s udders swell and distend, flesh turning a deeper shade of purple the longer they were restricted within the too small confines of the milking cups.
“ Just a little taster Captain to wet your appetite, you want to tap my ass then you are going to have to work for it!”
“Dr Cho I believe that we should keep things simple, dose the omega with the modified serum, enough to heal him completely.  He looks younger than your predicted age so report to the Omega Control Office that he has aged down to sixteen, this will mean that as a High Order Omega with no immediate family he will need to have two Guardian Alphas, one for his personal life and one for Stark Industries? That way Ms Potts and I will have full control of all aspects of his life and I will be legally obligated to bond him into the Avengers.
Each thrust forced his body up, his nipples dragging against the cold glass, the friction rubbing the tender flesh raw, his traitorous cock smearing the glass with small drops of precum.  Fingers joined the cock filling his cunt, stuffing him full, the burning stretch tipping him over the edge as his pussy clamped down on Steve’s knot and his cock spurted over the glass.
This is your chance to have the childhood that you never had but sorely need, to be nurtured and loved unconditionally by your new Daddy.  I can see that you are confused by my calling Captain Rogers your daddy, but that is the role he has chosen and wants to fill, you will come naturally in time to see him as such and it is not uncommon for it to intertwine with the sexual side of your relationship.  He will by your Daddy Bear and you his baby cub, it is just another expression of the Dominant/Submissive nature of your whole relationship.”
“Tony please answer the question truthfully, why did you go off on your own to the restroom at the Gala, when you knew that you were not allowed?”
Steve laughed, Tony was far from skinny, he had not lost all the baby weight from his previous pregnancy so still had a softness and roundness to his face and limbs. His breeding pouch had enlarged far quicker this time, his stomach full and round, his breasts were a sight to behold, even swollen with milk they were still high and tight with long thick nipples. Between the stimulation of feeding the triplets and the sessions on the milking machine their omega’s breasts would never stop producing milk.
Bucky had remained silent wanting to get a read on how the other Avengers felt about omegas, if his plan was to work he needed to know if there were any liberal alphas in the tower he had to watch out for.
Steve spent a while stroking Tony’s back and ass until he felt the omega relax, the tension leaving his limbs.  He could see from the mirrored tile on the floor that Tony was already half asleep, eyelids fluttering, mouth lax, it seemed almost a shame to disturb him, he looked so young and innocent.
Winter placed his hand on the petite omega’s neck rubbing the small bundle of nerves, Tony’s body immediately relaxed, his body flooding with calming omega endorphins.
Settling himself against the headboard he picked up his Stark pad and logged into an exclusive omega clothing site Bruce had suggested to him, he wasn’t sure that Tony would be receptive to a lot of the clothes and lingerie that he ordered, but this was how he wanted his omega to dress, Tony would just have to adapt and accept that this was his Alpha’s decision.
Steve listened and could easily hear the hurt and anger in the omega’s voice and feel his body trembling with emotion as he rested against his chest.  But there was still some doubt in his mind, Natasha had warned him that Starks were all geniuses and very adept at manipulating people to think and do as they wanted them to do. This situation was no different, Tony had still not revealed anything that would categorically confirm he was their Tony.
The plan for now is to concentrate on bringing him to a harmonious relationship with his transition to full omega and going forward teach him the necessary tools to be able to communicate openly his feelings and concerns with you as his Alpha and with his pack mates.    It is not going to be easy, Tony may seem very verbose and open but, if you listen and watch him carefully you will find that he never really divulges anything of great meaning about himself, it is a mask to hide a very insecure and socially awkward person, who has never been taught the necessary social skills to communicate with people who do not hold the same genius level of intelligence.
Steve is insatiable and Tony finds he can’t say no to him, blow jobs are part of his morning routine now, he preens under the praise he gets when Steve wakes up to his lips around his thick cock.  There are no all-nighters in the workshop, Steve takes him to bed and thoroughly fucks him, every night, always trapping his cum deep inside him with ever increasingly larger plugs.  He doesn’t protest anymore, not wanting to disappoint Steve.
“Well look at you, such a tasty little thing, hmmm that silly goatee needs to go, Jarvis laser it off, kill the follicles permanently.  Thankfully body hair is not a thing for omegas in your world either”
Winter crouched down in front of Tony, fisting his hair to stop him struggling and to force eye contact.  The meg bitch’s nipples were already red and swollen within the teat cups, milk squirting rhythmically from each nipple.  His breasts were squashed against the sides of the larger suction cups, a light shade of purple as the bands compressed and pushed the swelling flesh forward.  His cock hardened pulsing in time with each pump of the machine, he was going to have to fuck the only open hole available as soon as he had put the bitch in his place.
His media campaign had been incredibly successful, Tony was seen as both cute and sexy, but a little dim,  Steve had been posting clips of Tony when he was half awake, walking into things, asking Steve how to turn the shower on or to find his special mug when he was actually holding it, playing tag with his bots and getting all the answers wrong on Family Trivial Pursuit and lots of other clips that showed him as clueless and a bit of an airhead.
Tony was internally cursing his habit of engaging his mouth before his brain which was a habit that happened all too often.  To be totally helpless and at an Alpha’s mercy was not what he had ever wanted so why was there a swirl of excitement in the pit of his stomach and why was his cock painfully pressing against the nubs of his cock cage.  It seemed his body was on board but his mind had yet to catch up.
Suddenly there was a loud crash and an enraged cry, Ty went flying into the far wall, blood smearing the paint as Ty’s unconscious body slid to the floor. As he scrambled for purchase on marble vanity, he could see Steve dragging Ty out through the smashed door, throwing him at Clint and Thor, Natasha on her phone, calling Happy to bring the car round to the back entrance.
Slipping Tony’s robe off wanting him naked, he opened the leather jewellery case the he had earlier placed on the dressing table.
This world will be in chaos for weeks, when the virus has run its course, the trail will lead back to the Tower and Steve Rogers, who of course will be nowhere to be found.  As the piece de resistance the Tower will implode the minute, they try to gain entry.
Tony fucked himself on Steve’s cock using the sides of the bath once again for leverage the warm water buoying his pregnant belly, but no matter how much he bounced on his Alpha’s cock he could not get enough rise to push himself down hard and hit his prostrate each time.  It really sucked that he was totally reliant on his Alpha to give him an orgasm or another omega.  No matter how much he masturbated or rode his Alpha’s cock he could not orgasm without his Alpha’s permission.
“Do you really mean all that Steve, you are not just saying it because you feel sorry for me or because it would be practical and convenient to have me as your mate and the Pack’s Omega.  I really want to say yes, but I am so scared that I won’t be good enough for you even if I am an omega now.  Steve, why I am being so indecisive when you are offering me all that I have wanted for the last year since we had the talk, what’s the matter with me? I made decisions all the time as Iron Man and CTO without getting all emotional and stressed, why am a being such a cry baby now about every little thing, help me Steve, you need to tell me what to do.”
After the birth your omega will have multiple pups to feed so you will need to continue this diet to produce maximum milk production.  Your omega’s breasts are developing at a rate in proportion to his body size, but with serum enhanced pups to feed I strongly suggest along with the continued milking and massage that you allow  injections into each breast with a rapid natural tissue growth hormone to boost the development of his breasts.
Tony felt hands pull him away from his Alpha and lay him down on soft cushions arranging his limbs so his legs were spread wide and his arms held above his head.  A silk scarf was tied around his eyes blocking most of his sight all he could see were the shadowy figures of the other omegas as they settled him down amongst them.
“Darcy please will you do the honour of becoming my Bonded Omega, I know that it seems sudden, but I have worshiped and adored you from afar for months now.   I have been so sad and lonely since the death of my wife, but you have started to make me believe that I can have a second chance at meaningful bond and maybe a family, please make this lonely man happy and say yes.”
No, well he just pretended to know everything, got lucky a couple of times, then he revelled in all the hype about himself and took it as truth.  Became an arrogant ‘son of a bitch’ and thought he was the greatest and most righteous Alpha of all time.
Loki fought the bond, but it was futile, in the end his instincts kicked in and he felt an overwhelming desire to care for and protect the pup.  Brandt was constantly suckling, gaining weight rapidly as the week went on.  Loki’s nipples were swollen and tender, his breasts filled with milk, he had no time to care for himself in between feeding and being fucked by Thor.
Oh well time for another lesson in obedience, he enjoyed the fight that Tony put up to a certain extent and did not want to completely break him but he could not let Tony know that yet.  He had to exert total control and show who was the master in this relationship any feelings he felt for Tony would be dealt with once his Omega was not an embarrassment to him in public.  If Captain America could not show total control over his Omega it would cause an uproar and push forward the Omega rights campaign, something that was not wanted by the majority of Governments and Alphas of the world.
He watched approvingly as Mr Potts first tanned her backside before clamping her swollen nipples and then ordering his wife to eat her daughter out until she had come three times.
There was no doubt that his omega was beautiful, slim body with a soft curved stomach and small breasts with dusky pink nipples.  There was no hint of muscle on his arms or legs, his bubble butt was ripe for biting and his slender legs ended in dainty feet.
“Dr Gottlieb, I know that Mr Potts has not spoken to his daughter due to the takeover bid a few years ago, but if we can get hold of any voice recordings, JARVIS can replicate and expand on the vocabulary once he has sufficient data.  I think Pepper would do anything to gain her dad’s approval and attention and can you imagine what lengths she will go to, to get an I love you or I am proud of you.”
Chapter 9
Steve pulled Tony to his feet and led him to the full-length mirror, hands on his shoulders he forced him to look at himself and take in all the changes to his body.
“Doom bots in Central Park, the Fantastic Four are off world so we need to take care of them before too much more damage is caused so wheels up in 5 mins”
You need to ensure that he sticks to the plan, but also eats some fresh fruit and raw vegetables.  I would suggest not letting him have any other foods as it will cause an imbalance in his diet.  He needs to put on weight to sustain this pregnancy especially as he is carrying more than one enhanced pup, I would suggest that his meals are supervised as we all know Tony’s poor eating habits when left to himself.
Karl, feeding tubes on constant for the rest of the day for these two, need to fatten up our expectant cows.
Steve is a manipulative bastard.
“Ms Potts good of you to acknowledge  your Alpha, now since you seem to be under the impression that you do not need to show respect to your Pack Leader when you enter a room l am going to give you three rules that you will follow or suffer the consequences.
Now why don’t you run along and have a shower, then spend some time bonding with Sarah whilst l discuss your progress with your Alpha, l am sure he will be pleased that you are adapting so well.
Happy wants me to increase her milk flow and enlarge her breasts as a punishment.  I am of the opinion she needs to rid herself of her businesswoman persona and see herself in her new and true role, this will help.  Natasha will still need her occasionally for SI work, but she can do it from the VIP guest suite.”
“Right on your and knees, now mount yourself on that wooden cock, sink right down.  Hurry up, you are not the only new milker we need to process.
“My friends I must take Thanos’s body to be disposed of properly and the Infinity Stones need to be secured in the All-Fathers deepest Vault.
Tony switched off the news, he felt sorry for Darcy, she was nothing more than a breeding cow for the President, who obviously didn’t care at all about her.  That Betty Blue girl had suddenly started to accompany the President everywhere.  He did not feel sorry for the young foolish beta, she would learn the hard way that there was no way that she would every become First Lady or the President’s Consort.
On the car journey back to the tower after dinner, Steve could only laugh as his omega pouted and whined that he still would have finished the whole of his second desert if Clint hadn’t stolen it away. Steve contented himself with cuddling his omega and rubbing a gentle hand over his distended tummy, not mentioning the dessert cake that Natasha had hidden the boot, a present from the chef to Tony.
Pepper was then attached to a milking and fucking machine, the suction cups not only stretching her nipples but also her breasts until she was screaming in agony and unbelievable still climaxing repeatedly, squirting from her cunt.  The two cowboys now naked, forced the huge dildo into her asshole and switched on the machine. The camera in the head of the dildo caught ever shot of her gaping hole as it was pounded by the dildo. The camera under the milking machine filmed every one of her climaxes, her fat clit and swollen pussy lips dripping with her cum.  By the end of the milking session, her breasts were extremely swollen, and her nipples stretched to at least 3 inches.
He was completely taken with Betty Blue from the moment she was handed into the limo. Her rose and cream complexion, bright blue eyes and long, long, golden hair. She was tall and willowy unlike Darcy, practically flat chested, but he could see the shape of her nipples through the thin cotton dress she was wearing.  In another life she would have been a runway model or a film star, regardless of her orientation.
He lay face down on the bed, humming as large hands massaged his back and shoulders, fingers digging into all the knots until he lay limp and relaxed. The fingers trailed down to his cheeks, pulling them apart, rubbing gently at his hole, until a trickle of slick leaked out.  Hot breath on his hole was the only warning before a tongue began licking up the slick, prodding at his twitching hole, until he loosened enough to allow the tongue entrance and start fucking his hole. He moaned and pushed back, jerking when fingers pinched his cheeks and a gravelly voice told him to lay still.
He approved of Captain Rogers and would defer to his greater knowledge of how to a bonded relationship worked but he had reservations about Sargent Barnes which has be exacerbated by the Hydra files he had been scanning over the last few days and heightened further by the notebooks and what amounted to an instruction manual on triggering the Winter Soldier to take control and perform missions. JARVIS had already decided on a plan of action, the timing was critical Sargent Barnes needed to be dealt with before the pups were born and before he inflicted permanent damage to Alpha Rogers or their omega.
“Tony I am going to set you down, you need to tell me what’s the matter, I don’t like that that you didn’t stop me when you started to be in pain, in future you need to tell me immediately so that I can help you.”
In the morning there was dry cum on his drawers, when he was washing, he noticed the small bruises on his ass cheeks.  This happened two or three times a week, each act one that an alpha would perform on his omega, he hated that it felt so good, that his body responded, but it wasn’t real so there was no harm in getting off, and he certainly would never tell anyone.  He was an Alpha, and it just was not done that you enjoyed been used like an omega.
Sinking into the soft cushions of the couch he snuggled under two of the merino wool blankets, their softness and warmth chasing away the chill.  The workshop was heated to a comfortable level for the babies and himself but over the last couple of days he could not shake the chill creeping into his bones and the constant hunger gnawing at his gut.  His holes twitched and ached with a need to be filled and even he could now smell the scent of longing and distress he was emitting from his bonding marks.
Tony caught a glance of himself in the full-length mirror, he might as well have been naked for all that the translucent material covered up.  His collar and cuffs bejewelled as they were, clearly proclaimed his status as a bonded and mated omega, the shimmer of his silver coloured shift highlighted his full breasts and pregnant belly with every step he took.  But it was the final two adornments that his Alphas attached to him that truly marked his status as an Omega, Winter cupped his face with one hand as the other pinched the ends of the nose ring tightly against his septum, moments late he could feel the small thick ring laying against his top lip.  Steve took Winter’s place, fingers running over the humiliating piece of so called, jewellery, before attaching an intricately woven, double, chain leash to his collar.
Steve took his time stroking and petting his omega’s naked back, whilst keeping one hand pressed against the small bundle of nerves on his neck, releasing a constant wave of soothing pheromones.  Jiggling the base of the plug filling his hole he motioned with his eyes for Jarvis to set it to vibrate. Pumping three fingers in to the wet heat of Tony’s cunt he smiled as Tony’s angry curses turned into breathy moans of need and want.
“Master Bjorn, you were right, he has responded well to our care, it confused him but eventually he began to relax and respond to the positive attention, especially when he realised, he would be rewarded with the sweet scent of omega pheromones.
His work as Iron Man and for Stark Industries needed to be discussed and time limits for his lab and workshop put into place.  He knew from talks with Pepper that Tony once he had an idea he would drop everything and lock himself away in the workshop for days at a time until he had finished creating or fixing his armour.
Surprisingly he was okay with Tony’s forced retirement, wanting his best friend to embrace being his true self and if it kept Tony safe from harm and curbed his reckless behaviour so much the better.  He had joked that a least now he would be able to spank his bratty friend if he sassed or misbehaved.  Steve had laughed and had given his permission for Rhodey to spank Tony if his omega got out of line when they spent time together.  He could see that Tony was going to continually have a cherry red ass around his best friend, who no doubt had numerous spankings saved up for all the stress and strain that he had put him under over the years of their friendship.
Just a small respite from all the bad stuff for Tony.
Do you don’t want Hulk to get angry do you?”
“Yes Alpha.”
Steve has not been prepared to hear Tony’s hormone imbalance was still dangerously low after a week of treatment, and that there was a real chance that he would not be able to take his omega home.  It would be devastating for Tony to have to remain in hospital and would have a severe impact on his fragile sense of self-worth.
“ That’s baby number one, good size and length.  Baby number two is also looking good, measurements on par with baby number one, you are going to have two good size pups. Hmm heart beats are sounding a bit strange seems to be an echo, might just be the machine let me try and move the babies around as they are quite close together.”
“Odin, Asgard will have its golden omega, Thor will have his Consort. The omega must be bred frequently, not just by Thor but also by yourself, if Asgard is to survive and thrive.  Never allow the omega to be bred outside of your family, Hella will return and place her seed within, and it will prosper.  Loki’s get, and Thor and Loki’s bastard children will all contribute to the family line.
Dragging the naked omega into his arms he lay down on the sofa, arms and legs circling and trapping the small framed omega against his body, the omega’s breathing was soft and steady the small wound on its forehead already scabbed over.  Pressing his hardening cock against the omega’s crack he closed his eyes, for the first time in 70 years he wasn’t afraid to close his eyes and sleep.  His memories disjointed and fractured would not be wiped away this time, he would wait for the Primary Alpha to return so that their bond could be completed and the little honey omega would then service both his primary and secondary Alpha.
“Fuck, Natasha, little prim and proper do goody spiderling is just as slutty an omega as Stark is when you strip away the enhancements he was hiding behind.  It’s a good thing we tracked the bitch down, what a mess the stupid meg would have created if one of our enemies has found him and forced a bond whilst keeping his powers.”
Odin did send for Tony the following evening, Sita walked him through the corridors a leash attached to his collar. He was naked, his holes plugged, and his nipples caught in tight clamps.  Sita had scrubbed him clean inside and out, only applying a thin layer of moisturising cream to his skin.
“That’s it Doll, take every drop, cock sluts need to be kept filled with cock and cum, you are such a greedy bitch!”
This is so embarrassing, I have never had sex with a man, and have never had anything in my ass until your finger.”
Natasha hissed, throwing her yogurt spoon hitting him dead centre of his forehead.  Thor who had raised Mjölnir laughed and sat back down as yogurt dripped down Clint’s face.
I would suggest two sessions of 3 hours each day to begin with, preferably morning and early evening, if his breasts become extremely heavy and full during the interim period we can always review how many sessions may be needed.”
She scowled as he parted her legs and pressed the scanner against her pussy, but carried on speaking to her PA, setting up meetings with legal and finance to discuss the mergers.  She didn’t notice the slight sting from the injections as she was deep in discussions with the Japanese Office, only when Natasha took away her phone after the call ended did she emerge from work mode, an admonishment dying on her lips as she noticed the dark scowl on Rogers face.
They fell into a pattern, Steve would bring him lunch every day and sometimes even breakfast if he was on an engineering binge.  He would ask Tony to accompany him on trips around New York, unable to resist Cap’s puppy dog eyes he would cave in and go.  After a few weeks Steve would only have to look at him and say his name in the way that sent shivers down his spine and he would gladly abandon whatever he was dong to accompany Steve.
Omegas in this society are treasured and loved, yes they have to belong to a pack and be mated by the age of 18, this chapter will give the reason why.
"This collar is now part of you, just like your rings it cannot be removed. You are my omega and I will never give you up, this collar shows our commitment as a bonded for life couple. No matter what other Alphas join our bond you are MY OMEGA first and foremost and you are never to forget that!”
“Hello Professor, how is he, has he woken yet?  It was incredibly fortuitous that you and Bruce managed the separation earlier this week, do you think you will be able to achieve it with Banner and the Hulk?”
The birthing chair looked positively medieval to Tony, more like a instrument of torture.  Made of Jotun ice the horseshoe shaped seat allowed for Loki’s to be placed with his vagina on full display as his legs were spread and bent back so that his ankles were tethered to his thighs.  His wrists were cuffed to the straps around his thighs, and a further cloth strap under his breasts held him against the back of the chair.  Tony could see that Loki’s pale blue skin was darkening, the white whorls standing out in stark contrast.
Slick production and his responses to sexual stimulation are on par with our calculated figures after 6 months.  Do not allow Tony to deny himself or you, sexual stimulation and orgasms, the release of endorphins will help rebalance his brain and body chemistry.
Tony’s Alphas would see to it that their omega was bathed and prepared, ready to be displayed before the world’s cameras and the higher echelons of Society as the Poster Omega for the newly passed Omega Registration Laws.  Loki would also be on display to some extent but his position as a god and Prince of Asgard came before him being an omega.  Thor could do whatever he wanted with Loki in private and on Asgard, but when in public on Midgard he would be treated according to his rank first, his gender as an omega would be known but he would not be subject to the new Omega Registration Laws now in place on Midgard.
Tony muttered a quiet ‘luv ou daddy’ around his pacifier as he completely dropped in to his little headspace, his anger and upset at what Steve had done to him washing away as his mind calmed and became centred on the lullaby his daddy continued to sing as he gently rocked him to sleep.
After pushing the dildos up into Tony’s dripping holes, Steve had him step in to the body harness, pulling it up to fit snuggly over his hips, the strap between his legs pushed the dildos higher up in to his stuffed holes covering them completely, holding them firmly in place.  His cock was pushed through a small sheath so that that only the tip showed with its piercing.
Chapter 3
Nurse Meyer handed him a slim key card.
“Cap, you need to decide right now, Fury has just called we are needed for a mission, pick up is in five minutes and War Machine is already on route to the heli-carrier, it’s a Hydra Base in Siberia, going to take at least 48 hours.
Tony’s ass hole gaped wide open due to the size of the butt plug so Steve had no trouble sliding his engorged cock in to it’s warm wet heat, content to just leisurely thrust slowly in and out as he began to work first one then two fingers in to his omega’s birthing canal.  Once he had both fingers fully seated he began to scissoring his fingers pushing against the tightly muscled walls stretching and enlarging the forming channel.  Using the slick leaking from his omega’s ass hole he worked a third finger in thrusting them up harder in time with his cock now pounding his omega’s ass.
Tony had years of breeding in front of him, Winter wanted two more litters after this before he allowed his bitch a year’s break.
Gripping Tony’s hair, he pulled him in to a rough kiss teeth biting and sucking his lips and tongue, dominating completely giving his omega no chance to participate.  Drinking down his omega’s moans he continued to ravage Tony’s mouth until could feel him gasping for breath.
The President made his rounds meeting and greeting his guests, he kept an eye on Darcy, aware of each strike of the switch.  He wanted the pups out so that he could bring the full force of his desires back down on his bitch.
“This is called a dragon’s tongue whip, a light flick of it on your clit and cunt will sting but have you begging for more, can you feel how your hungry cunt lips are trying to swallow the tip even though you are plugged? Dirty slutty omegas, you are all the same, will welcome anything into your holes as long as it gets you off.”
At first, he had been unsure of the formation of Breeding Centres and the regulation that all newly presented omegas when they came of age would have too birth two pups before bonding to an Alpha chosen for them by the Registry, and that once bonded they would be required by law to bear a minimum of three pups.  After visiting a centre that was near completion he could see that they would be well provided for during their stay, artificial insemination techniques and c-sections would be used on the omegas so that they could remain unsullied for their future mates.  They would receive education and training on proper omega behaviour and correction if they showed continuous overt signs of disobedience.
Suddenly his omega surged up crying out as another contraction rippled through his body, Steve could feel the bones grinding in his hand as his Tony squeezed it with all his might as he screamed through the pain.
He was aware of his Alpha waiting for him to pull himself together and knew there was a limited amount of time he would be given before he would be punished for not presenting himself properly.
Pushing two pillows under her hips gave him full view of her now naked mound and tight cunt lips.  It was clear to see she was a virgin and had probably never even played with any toys or even fingered herself, his inner Alpha roared with pride at being the one to take her virginity and make her his mate, it made him even more determined to have her. Spreading her cunt lips, he pushed two lube coated fingers in to her tight channel uncaring of her pained moan, thrusting them slowly up as his thumb coaxed her clit from its hiding place.  He took his time, knowing that he needed to stretch her just enough so that his cockhead could gain entrance, when he could feel the tips of his fingers knock against the thick membrane of her omega hymen, he withdrew them to concentrate on massaging her clit until she was a wet, squirming, whiny mess, bleary confused eyes staring  up at him.
“He isn’t my daddy he’s my husband,  stupid baby play, don’t like it, not going to be treated like a baby anymore makes me feel sick, Ty could have r..raped me because l’m so weak cause of Steve!”
“l didn’t want to bother Steve he was busy talking to important people and l really needed to pee, I wanted to go on my own to show him a wasn’t a baby.”
“Don’t matter if she’s out of it, Steve, still got warm holes that we can fuck.  Got balls full of cream ready and waiting for or little omega, you get first pick of her sloppy holes, me I don’t mind where I shove my knot, as long as she takes my load.”
“Captain Rogers, Tony’s transition seems to have stalled slightly, we expected that the booster injection of omega hormones given yesterday would have given the final push to increase the production of his own omega hormones and pheromones to fully balance out his levels.
Steve watched the confusion then the anger roll over Banner’s features, he watched how he grabbed a tight hold of his omega’s hair and pushed her down on his cock, holding her there.
Oohhh, don’t tease, please I need your cock in me, want to feel you filling me up.”
At the moment Tony was in full restraint, the nano tech body suit conformed to every part of his body and head.  Every orifice filled with a huge pulsating Phallus, deaf and blind to the world all he could do was feel the pain and pleasure that his Alpha provided.  Thick bands round his wrists, legs, waist, neck and head held him immobile, a feeding tube pumped his stomach full of nutrients, the last layer of muscle relaxing and allowing fat to cover the last trace of his six pack.
“Tony come sit on my lap, the film is about to start.”
Pepper fought against Happy’s words, she only needed to make it another few steps to the open elevator doors.  She chanted ‘No’ over and over as she struggled with each step.  Just as her fingers brushed the elevator doors, Steve voice rang out and she dropped to her knees.
“Dr Banner I want you to make her tits bigger but not obscene, you can do that to Darcy, I want hers to be the size of watermelons with cow teats.  BB’s butt cheeks need a bit of padding but other than that I want her skinny.”
“The Omega Registration Law places omegas back under the control and care of the Government and Alphas, ensures that all omegas will have to follow the regulations set out for them, be given the proper care and guidance needed for them to fulfil their purpose in modern society, no longer will they be allowed to upset the natural order.”
I agree with him, if she didn’t want to be treated this way, she would have used her Freedom Pass to get out by now.
Steve, Bucky noticed was looking very thoughtful, Bucky decided to stay silent and let him process all the different comments made by the Avengers.  He was happy that all of them had been pro Bucky bonding with the little bitch.  The appointment with the obstetrician would be the final push to make Steve decide in favour of cementing their triad bond straight away.
With those parting words Steve rushed from the surgery to join the other Avengers.
Dancing showgirls, war bonds a few lines of a long forgotten song, something about a star spangled man with a plan! Humming quietly, he gazed at the soft rounded face, plump lips and thick long lashes hiding he knew beautiful tawny brown eyes.  Tracing the outline of the omega’s jaw and cheek bones he next ran his fingers through the mess of dark curly hair.
Epilogue
Warning - Forced deep throating and feeding.
“Look at you sweetheart, such a tiny soft baby cock, you will have no control over it, one little stroke and it’s hard, another and all you have is few drops of cum, no real orgasm from that at all for you, but plenty of fun to be had for me, playing with my new toy.”
“Captain Rogers I can assure you that this injection will produce the desired results, it will act as a catalyst with the previous formula and kick start an intensive rapid reaction.  I am only able to now offer this now as it has only been released today to us for trial by the Medical Board.  Your boy will be the first official human recipient, all previous testing has proven positive, every subject has seen a reduction in size by a minimum of 3 inches with the combination of formula.”
You will have many requests for his stud services or, just his cum for insemination purposes.
Love for Tony was possible but only if he could be shaped into some semblance of what he wanted and needed.  He may be living in the 21st Century now but the values and believes he was taught as a 1930s Alpha were too deeply ingrained for him to completely change his ways.
He knew that it was not only just because his Alpha had made it clear that this would be the case, it was also his growing realisation of his need to protect and nurture his pups.  The thought of not being there for them was unbearable, but giving up being Iron Man was his last link to freedom and there would be no going back.  Tears dripping down his face he ushered the bots towards the armour and stood silently as they cleaned and polished the suit until it gleamed.
Tiny bit of light on the horizon if your squint.
“ Go kneel on the cushion by the President’s feet, make sure that you kiss his hand once you are kneeling. Keep your eyes lowered at all times and those tits shoved out.
He is going to keep Pepper collared, gagged and naked here in the Tower until the babies are born.  He is going to immerse her in total submissive training until she finally cracks and admits her true nature.
“Ahgg…mmmm…y yes, yes come on harder, harder, fuck just right there! Come on you bastard! Fill me up with your cum, want the real thing deep inside me. Want to feel it every time I move.”
Crossing the room he grabbed his Omega’s hair pulling him up into a rough kiss, fingers brushing over the brand pressing the raised skin causing Tony to hiss in pain. Forcing entrance into Tony’s mouth he swallowed each whimper and moan of pain licking and biting swollen lips fingers still scratching over the brand. Salty tears dripped onto his lips as his Omega tried to escape the increasing pressure and pain.
“Ohh, ohh please Alpha more, need it, need your knot in my cunt.”
“Baby come sit on my lap again, now l want you to lean forward just a bit, there we go.  Now be quiet sweetheart, l am going to slide you back onto my cock and then you are going to sit and keep me warm whilst we watch the film.”
Huffing he managed to crawl into the large nest he had made in the centre of the lounge, soft large round mattresses filled the whole of the sunken floor raising it on level with the surrounding sofas, pillows and blankets and items of pack clothing covered the top mattress.  Tony had taken great delight in placing each item of stolen clothing on display in his nest.  Once placed in a pregnant omega’s nest no one could remove them until after the birth.
I want him to enjoy being bonded and our pack omega for a while, without the worry of being pregnant so young and after his first heat.
Tony burrowed his head against daddy’s broad chest unable to keep looking at his stern face, with the pacifier filling his mouth he couldn’t say anything, how was he supposed to say sorry or let him know that he understood, he didn’t want to be punished, what if daddy filled his mouth with that nasty soap again or even worse spanked his backside.
It had taken months, but they had finally found the correct universe, Dr Strange had literally torn through the multi – verse to search for their missing Avenger.  They hadn’t had time to view to much through the portal as it would only be stable for two hours, but it was enough to for Steve and Natasha to form the outline of their rescue mission.
Now you better hope that you start producing milk in the next couple of minutes or l am going to get Dr Banner to inject them so that they are the size of watermelons.”
“I am so sorry Steve, l can’t help it, whatever that bastard did to me when he removed my penis, just makes it happen sometimes when l become over stimulated.”
His feet were bare Steve had been displeased by Tony’s lack of proper omega clothes, sandals and jewellery, he was busily pacing by the elevator awaiting delivery of said items.
Tony wailed as Steve tortured another orgasm out of him, tears streamed down his face as his dry cunt throbbed, the raw skin of his clit burning under his Alpha’s thumb.  His hole clenched on Steve’s knot his stressed muscles weakly milking another load of cum.
Pepper smiled then laughed at Fury’s comment but the humour did not reach her eyes.
“Settle down bitch, you will have to get used to this, l do not always want to stop fort the bathroom if l am driving or watching a film.”
“Come on cow, you know the routine, make sure you piss and shit, then into the shower.”
“I would like to thank all of the guests here tonight for their generous donations to the Maria Stark Foundation, believe me when I say that your money will make a great difference to the charities that this Foundation supports. It is a great honour to carry on the good work started by Maria Stark, who can be held up as a shining example of what all other omegas should strive to be.
After peppering his omega’s face with kisses he moved down to his small nipples, whilst continuing to fingers his twitching hole.  The hard little nipples stood erect, tasty little nubs of flesh that he sucked and bit until Tony’s cock was dripping precum over his soft fleshy belly.
Thighs settle either side of his pulled back arms and the wet folds of Ruby’s pussy cover his face. Knowing what he has to do he licks and sucks the fleshy lips of her pussy, tongue flicking teasingly over her clit. Soon she is grinding down his tongue as he fucks her cunt, his pointed tongue jabbing up into dripping hole.  He alternates between fucking her and sucking her swollen clit, soon she is gasping on the brink of an orgasm. Her hands grasp his hair mashing his mouth and nose into her wetness, he bites down on her clit she screams as her pussy squirts her sweet juice into is open mouth.
Tony was furious, the fog had cleared from his mind and he could think clearly again.  He struggled to get out of the bath, but Steve just pinned his hands together and carried on washing him.  He tried kicking his legs, but the water restricted the movement of his already weakened limbs even further.
Today he only drops the cane once at ten swats, he can’t help the silent tears that fall, his wants to be good for Alpha Steve and take his discipline without disappointing him.  The two strikes of the cane sear across his thighs, the welts raised and throbbing as Steve runs his fingers along the red stripes.
Bruce looped the thin cord round the omega’s balls, ensuring that it was sitting high and tight before giving it a final hard tug, grinning as the omega squealed like a stuck pig, the Hulk within him murmured his approval, requesting that he be the one to wield the emasculator, Bruce acceded, after all why should he have all the fun.
“Well Steve l will tell you, soldier daddy wasn’t your real daddy, naughty mummy Sarah was being fucked by another omega, and you were the result, a one in ten chance.
When he presented as an Alpha at sixteen, he promised himself that he would live up to Steve Rogers memory, he would be just like Cap, he would make his father proud.
Within minutes there was the sound of a frustrated huff and he watched as Tony gave up the pretence and opened his eyes.
Tony lay stunned watching his pups, how the hell was he going to birth them let alone look after them, his chest throbbed at the thought of little mouths fighting to latch on.  Christ, he was going to need help there was no way he could do this on his own, there was no way he could picture Steve changing nappies or helping with midnight feedings.  Howard had never been there for his mother during his childhood so he could not see Steve being any different.  Steve like Howard would probably only want to see quiet clean babies and children who knew their place and did not answer back.
Tony landed in front of his Steve practically bouncing in his boots, flipping up his face plate he drew breath and was off.
Another drink is fed to him as hands massage his body, he drifts afterwards, semi aware that he is being touched and moved into different positions, he can smell the hash build up of chemicals form the camera flash but doesn’t care as long as Bucky is whispering what a good girl he is, and how pleased he is that they are going to be together forever.
Tony snuggled down with the pups who were all now asleep, Anna and Sarah’s tiny mouths still loosely attached to his nipples, little Maria sleeping cuddled on his stomach. Closing his eyes, he marvelled at the waves of love he felt for his pups, he could not imagine being without them now.  Whilst he still struggled with the lose of his freedom and being Iron Man, he would never regret the birth of his babies.
Tony noticed the change in his Alphas straight away, they disciplined him for the slightest infraction of their rules, he was naked and leashed all the time now, his small diamond nose ring replaced with a large, plain vibranium one.  He was not allowed any lab time unless it was to work on the Avengers equipment.
It took a matter of moments with his enhanced strength to rip of the mittens and begin massaging his poor baby’s cramping hands.  Ignoring the pained whimpers as he massaged each hand he continued until he felt all the tension leave Tony’s fingers.
Stroking his fingers along his omega’s crack he jostles the plug and then pushes on the base of the dildo enjoying needy whine of his bitch. He can see Tony’s thighs quivering with the strain of keeping in position, how he catches himself and braces his muscles before each near collapse.
Don’t worry Tony can take a dozen, he has an advanced healing factor and this will count as his discipline for today for his earlier bad behaviour.”
Alpha Natasha, l am extremely grateful for both your kind offers and accept them, l would offer what services l can as thanks.  This omega will be fascinating to study and l am interested in the use of genetics to improve the breeding and birth of omegas. In my world we are returning to the traditional role of omegas due to the effects of the war with Thanos, l doubt that they will go as far as the extremes of this world though.
Are the rumours that have been circulating true that you have initiated a full Traditional Alpha Bond?  Does this mean that you are not an advocate for Omega Rights?
Tears streamed down her face as she begged them to let him go, she would suffer through the President’s fumbling attempts at seduction, she had the alpha tranquilizer in her bag and would slip it in his drink.  Once he was asleep she would be able to leave, claiming that he had decided she was not the omega he wanted after all.  She would be able to meet up with Sam at one of their prearranged spots and then they could join their parents in Canada.
“Steve do you mind if a gag your bitch, l  work better in silence.”
Tony lay pliant in his Alpha’s arms lazily sucking on a third cum shake. His labour had been halted for now, whilst still lucid before the sedative kicked in Steve had explained to him what had happened with Bucky and Winter as Steve had taken to calling him, thankfully between being in subspace and then going in to shock he could not remember much of what Bucky had done to him.
I have not been able to voice my opinion for years on A/O relationships due to my situation with Hulk, but l can assure you that l have always been traditionalist in my views, it’s why Betty would not commit to being my omega.”
Now, his birthing channel is still very tight, you will need to keep penetrating him regularly and keep a dildo inserted at all other times.  His pelvis has spread, but due to his short stature and the likelihood of his birthing channel being small and tight he is not going to have any easy birth.”
I am keeping him restrained until we know whether he is our Tony or not.  Also he is in pre heat, don’t ask me how but unless you want him humping your leg and presenting his cunt for you to mount then it is safer form all concerned if he is restrained.”
I would suggest a septum piercing in addition, to take some of the strain if you are agreeable?”
Once the omega started to stir, he climbed out and got dressed in his sweats and t-shirt. After eating a quick meal, the nurse bought the baby back for him to hold.  Bruce arrived a short while later, standing off to the side to monitor the situation as the whimpers of the hungry baby stirred Tony to open his eyes, his befuddled gaze landed on Steve’s face, his sharp intake of breath and panicked moan had Steve reaching out to cup his face, making him meet his eyes.
FROZEN FURY
Releasing his hold on Tony’s hair he reached down and began to rub circles over the swollen mound of his Omega’s stomach, increasing the pressure with each pass he loved the feeling of kneading the cum through the thin skin. The massaging would help release the cum through the stomach lining so that it could be absorbed quicker into every cell and organ of his Omega, creating an unbreakable link, binding him forever to his Alpha.
Steve escorted her out to her car, both relieved that their deception was undiscovered. Pepper was a beautiful strong Alpha and any other time he would willingly have taken the time to pleasure her, but he had an omega to punish and bond with.  Pepper’s knowing glance down at his hardening cock showed that she knew exactly what he was thinking.
A quick jerk of the leash had Loki rising to her feet, so that they could follow the President into dinner. Sira left the shift where it had fallen, whores should only wear body jewellery and breeders needed nothing more than basic piercings to be led around by.
He watched as the herder repeatedly slapped May’s breasts after he had released her milking cups.
The Inspector reveals Tony's punishment.
1.	 Welcome - Tony sank to his knees, head bowed, hands clasped behind his back.
Clint head thudded against the table, “Fucking hell! What fucked up world allows an omega to damage themselves in such a way, let alone gives them the freedom to play at being a Superhero.  Also, those suits cost millions, so who is funding him?  Oh my god! Tell me that this version of Stark doesn’t have free control over his own money or his Company, Omegas are not capable of holding such high-powered positions, their brains are not wired to deal with stress or make decisions for themselves.
Happy grabbed hold of her hair as he looked into her eyes.
The mating bond tied him to this Steve, his omega biology adapting to his Alpha’s pheromones, craving them along with his Alpha’s knot and attention.  It didn’t matter that Steve had tricked him, he had freely given his consent and his physiology had begun to adapt to the bond processes of this universe.
Tony smiled at the other Avengers, around another mouthful of pasta, he had woken that morning starving, whining at Steve to feed him as he was starting to fade away. Steve had laughed and smiled and told him to stop being ridiculous but had still started to feed him the array of breakfast foods already prepared for him, he couldn’t help the silly smile on his face even now at the warm looks of approval he was getting at every mouthful of food he ate.
Bruce found the both Alphas sitting in the kitchen, surrounded by the remains of their lunch.  The air was thick with the heavy musk of Alpha arousal mixed with the sweet scent of a well fucked omega.  Bruce felt his cock hardening, the Hulk rumbled that he wanted to play with the pretty little milk cow’s titties.
Bruce works on the combined antidote for Extremis.
Your mind and body is in overdrive, trying to fulfil the biological imperatives that keep an omega physically and mentally balanced.”
Nurse Mayer made quick work of stripping Tony then disposing of the soiled diaper and dirty wipes. She paid no heed to the flushed face and muffled cries of distress as she went about the business of bathing him and washing his tangled sweaty hair.
Odin had chained him to the bottom step of his throne and offered his mouth and ass to anyone who wanted him.  It had been thoroughly degrading, as Odin revealed that he was the former Captain America and a fake Alpha, who had abused their Golden Omega.  To add to his utter humiliation Loki had been present and had laughed and smirked at him as Fandral and Hogun had spit roasted him.
Natasha why don’t you get your scissors, now is as good a time as any to give Pepper a makeover. At least she will stay still for you, or else she will end up with a pussy full of broken glass.”
At all other times only Steve and JARVIS would be able to gain access to the work shop.  Tony’s codes could not be used without permission from his Alpha or under unless JARVIS had been instructed to allow him entry.
Tony do you agree to become my Traditional Omega, do you accept that as your Alpha I have complete authority to do whatever I deem necessary to ensure that you fulfil your potential as a Traditional Omega.”
“No!  I am an alpha, you can’t turn me into a bitch omega, this is just a game we are playing.  I won’t give in you bastard! You will never break me.”
Alpha Rogers has requested that her image and dress be updated for her new position and that her clothing for the Avengers Pack be more in keeping with her status within the pack.”
Bruce nodded, he was pleased that Steve was taking the initiative to make his omega conform.
“Steve, I agree with Thor and so does the Hulk, with the right stud dog Pup could produce exceptional litters.  Also, breeding Pup would clearly show our pet his new role in life and keep him busy, so he would have less time for pining about his old life as Tony Stark/Iron Man.”
“Professor Hulk finally fingered your cunt then Pepper? Just wait until he decides to fuck you as a punishment.”
Chapter 6
Ten hours after  Ironman had been airlifted of the battle field Captain America stormed in to Fury’s office followed by the Thor, Bruce, Natasha and Clint, uncaring as the door slammed in to the wall cracking the plaster.
“Shhh! The pups are asleep lets go to the bedroom you can tell me what is happening whilst you change into your uniform, JARVIS alerted me that there is a mission.”
6.	Inspection second position – Blushing he widened his knees until his hole and genitals were on display.
Zeus followed after Raider sinking his teeth in to the other thin shoulder, Brutus forcing his member into Peter’s screaming mouth, his huge balls slapping against the omega’s chin.
Winter’s eyes lit up at the thought of their pregnant meg riding his cock with huge tits bouncing and jiggling as he thrust up into the bitch’s cunt.
“Hated it, wanted to put the unruly bitch in his place so many times, cane his behind until he bled, make him respect his betters.  But no, we had to put up with him swanning around acting like and alpha because Shield needed his tech and his funding.
I am going to wake him up this afternoon so that he can bond with his baby, before that l want you to hold and scent the baby, then lay with Tony and cover him in your scent as well, it will encourage Tony to see you as his Alpha.  Finger his pussy and place his spend on your cock and glands. When he wakes the first thing, he will see is you holding the baby, encourage him to hold and feed her and be as tactile as you can with Tony. Omegas are needy and emotionally fragile at the best of times, but especially after childbirth. Tony will be even more so after the traumatic events of the past few months, that is why he needs the stability of a bond and the firm guidance of his Alpha.”
When he entered to lounge he was pleased to see the rest of the Avengers along with Happy and Pepper.
Whilst walking back to the conference room he wondered if this alternate omega had ever been disciplined, it aroused him to think that he could be the first Alpha to do so.  After taking a moment to adjust his erection, he entered the conference room, hand itching to pick up the cane and proceed with the omega’s punishment. He had decided on the wicked rattan cane as a nod to the Inspector that he would not be lenient in his choice of punishment tool, it would not be sustainable to use it for every punishment but once or twice a week as long as the skin was not broken.  Being careful to stay out of view of the omega he bought the cane down on his raised cheeks.
He was glad to see the back of his huge melon breasts, but wished that his nipples were not constantly hard and sensitive to the slightest touch, he was secretly relieved that May did most of the milk feeding before the pups latched on to him, by that time they only need to suckle briefly for greeting and scenting.
Steve was beaming by the time he had finished, Natasha was incredibly happy for him and Tony, their Pack would be complete soon and hopefully Tony would fall pregnant during his heat.  It was selfish of her to want him to have pups now but her barren womb ached for a pup to hold, to pamper and spoil.
Loki suffered through being poked and prodded by the healers as they checked on the babies, as usual they fucked his cunt wide open, so much easier to do an internal examination if his hole was loose and wet, they reasoned.  Then they strapped him to the milking bench and gritted the dreaded feeding gag, he hated that his curves were becoming more pronounced with each passing week, Odin wanted him to be plump and soft, did not want a bony, tall bitch.  So, he endured the forced feeding as his breasts were milked, he had no idea what was in the mixture they fed him, it tasted foul bit his weight was increasing rapidly.
Now get naked, get on the bed and present, let me take away the weight for a while.  What do you say?”
Peter lay silent once the sedative took effect, his limbs heavy and useless.  He could feel a slight tugging as Banner worked, his head bent low between his thighs.  He desperately wanted to believe that this was all just a ploy to frighten him in to behaving and that the bloody swabs were fake.
“Sweet-heart you taste as sweet as you look, our pretty virgin omega, quivering holes and trembling flesh ready to be breached and fucked full of our cum.”
Checking his out-fit he couldn’t help but smile, his butt looked peachy in the tight leather booty shorts, his small breasts needing no support, the sting of the diamond nipple clamps keeping his heat simmering. His body was back to its pre Loki milk weight increase, which he much preferred, although with his heat due soon he could kiss goodbye to his boyish figure for the next six months, and now with his smaller stature he was going to look like an Oompa Loompa.
Once Sarah was born, l immediately bonded and mated Tony. He is now my omega and as such I will ensure fully that he will follow all the laws that have been recently passed with regards to omegas, and also my rules as his Alpha.
“Good boy, don’t forget the count starts again if you get the number wrong or forget the honorific.”
He let ought a frustrated cry as the lips and finger disappeared, he knew that he if he wanted them back, he would have to beg, so far, he had held out, until now.
You are so new to being, an omega, and have much to learn but good manners are something everyone is taught, so you cannot hide behind your new status. I am giving you a small amount of lee way due to the treatment you received last night but I have decided since you acted like a spoilt brat you will be punished as if you were a naughty child, just like my Ma used to do to me when I was disrespectful and mouthed off at her.
“That’s it Pepper, nearly there, just a few more minutes, come on now, say the words, poor little beta bitch needs her Alpha’s big cock to satisfy her greedy cunt.  Only when you truly submit will I give you my knot.”
Bruce caged Peter for the night, ensuring his hands and ankles were cuffed his legs splayed wide so his wound could not be touched.  The feeding gag stretched his mouth wide open and the fast flow of the supplement had the omega gagging and desperately trying to swallow the thick liquid.
The plug forced her to walk with a widened gait, she made it to the bathroom door before it became to much and she had to stop, clinging to the door frame to keep standing.
“Ahh, Inspector I am sorry for any confusion in the matter of the Cradle, I should have been more, clear in my report.  The Cradle is not a viable option for general medical use, the cost alone is impractical, added to the fact that it is keyed to my DNA so that only I as its creator am able to operate it. It is one of a kind and cannot be moved from this facility due to the incredible sensitivity of its programming.  Also, it is at capacity for the people that are coded into its inner structure to be able to heal, that being all the current Avengers, Miss Potts and Colonel Rhodes.
“Aye, little omega it would be such a sadness if we could not bring our shield brother and pack omega back to our home, such a celebration feast we have planned, to welcome you fully in to the Pack.”
“Pepper if you have chosen to kneel before me to show obeisance, I expect you to do so in a refined and elegant manner.  Now I am going to let go of you and I expect your next attempt to be worthy of my beta-alpha.”
“Good boy sweetheart, once we are home, we can revisit this in more convivial surroundings. Now let’s get you cleaned up, plugged and caged, for being such a well-behaved omega I am going to let you wear this new pretty omega outfit.”
“Sweetheart you get yourself into so much trouble by inadvertently speaking your thoughts out loud.  Now come along, I think you are going to be pleasantly surprised by the food you are going to be served.”
Hawkeye once again chose not to engage his brain to mouth filter.
Banner was fascinated by the alien looking omega squatting with their arms tied to a bar above their head and ankles buckled to rings on the floor, she had little room for movement, other than to squat lower, he assumed this was so she could bear down when ready to push.  Betty looked terrified and he sensed through the bond that she never wanted pups if this was how she had to give birth.
“mmm please s..stop, ahhhh hurts to much, too much, SSS Steve!”
The photo of Tony licking up his own sex juices off the White House Ballroom floor as his Alphas stood guard broke the internet.
“So good, mmmmmmh, more Alpha, need you so b..bad.”
The screens lit up, flashing news paper articles, photos and television news reports about ‘Tony Stark troubled teen arrested for drink driving,’ ‘Tony Stark playboy, alcoholic, drug addict,’ ‘Tony Stark out of control genius!’ ‘Howard Stark’s son throwing away his father’s legacy after kidnapping!’ “Billionaire Tony Stark in rehab for third time.’ ‘Tony Stark’s drunken sex orgy with Playboy Calendar Centre Folds, all 12 in One Night!’
Follow all directions given by the photographer so that you can begin to show Steve that you sincerely want to repent for your disobedience last night and this morning.”
Money was no object, anything anyone wanted he always seemed to be able to buy or find. Drink, drugs, girls, holiday homes, trips to Vegas, recommendations from Howard Stark (forged of course) to get into the top Universities of their choice or an internship.  Tony sold himself and his soul to keep the loneliness and heartache at bay.
“Awww is poor little tubby puppy shy? Well you better get over it I time for tomorrow night.”
He couldn’t be a baby for Steve after this it was too scary and felt dirty after Ty’s cruel, mocking words. But Steve loved it and he didn’t want to disappoint him.   Oh god, what if Steve sent him away now, what if he had ruined everything with his stupid, rebellious behaviour.
“Steve, he has a few bruises on his body, his eye is slightly swollen, but I don’t think it will blacken.  There is no sign of penetration, it looks as though you got there just in time.  Take him back to your suite, a warm bath and lots of comfort are needed for tonight.
Miss Potts smirked as she spoke whilst placing the files of paper in front of Steve.  She could see the worry in Tony eyes he knew when she got that look on her face it never boded well for him.  A pen was place into his hand Steve moved him forward so that he could sign the papers, he knew there was no point in fighting this it was a done deal the moment Steve had claimed him.
The first part of the examination passed quickly, the doctor confirming that both his shoulder and leg were now fully healed, and he would no longer need the walking boot and would just need to do some gentle muscle strengthening exercises.
Betty smiles as he helps her out the limo, keeping his hand on the small of her back as they walk up the steps into the Residence.
Better still just let me move in with you and your Ma, no one would question it, and you wouldn’t get better up all the time because they think you are lying.”
"Yes Steve, I want to get better for you, I promise I will I do anything that is needed to make you happy, just want us to be together.”
Steve carried his omega back to the penthouse, musing that it seemed to be a thing he was doing on a regular basis. Passed out, fucked out or stuffed full of food he liked the feel of his small pregnant omega secure in his arms.
“Oh my this is totally not what I unexpected, oh dear this is a bit of a shock, this has never happened to me before I am so sorry.”
Once dressed he had Jarvis scan the omega to see if he needed medical attention.
Glancing round he realised that all the Alphas were intently watching Sira torture Loki’s clit.  He guessed that he really should say something, and that he was probably going to get punished, but fuck it!
“So fucking tight even after being stretched and fucked for days!
Natasha contact your pet Judge, ensure that all the legal paperwork is prepared and ready to be signed, after the legal matters have been settled arrange a fatal accident. Once I have advised Rhodes of Stark’s deception, then I think the Colonel needs to be called back to active duty straight away, perhaps a six-month tour of Afghanistan could be arranged. By the time his tour is complete, then this new Stark will be firmly integrated into his role as our omega.
them insane at times, it was their fault for not giving him what he wanted.
