Mary looked over at him, easily reaching out to take the lump of clothing that Peter’s pressed into her arms. He ran back out of the room, last minute packing. “So not Malibu then.” Tony raised an eyebrow at her. “Peter won’t tell me where you guys are going, just that it’s going to be you, Mr Steve, Jamie, and himself. For your birthday.”
Steve had noticed before that Tony didn't take anything from anyone when it was handed over. Bruce would always put his stuff on a flat surface for him, even if he was going to just pick it up right away, and Natasha did the same last night when giving him something to drink for dinner. But Tony had taken the bracelets from Steve this morning, hadn’t he?
The corner of Mary's lips turned up a little, and she slowly lifted her hand closest to Tony up, Tony instantly reaching forward to take in both of his. He leaned his head down, resting his forehead on her shoulder lightly, closing his eyes when he felt Mary's other hand rest gently on top of his head. A couple of tears leaked onto the shoulder of the shirt that she was wearing, but neither of them would say anything about it.
"Wade." Steve stood up, walking around the couch towards the boy. Wade took a step back from Steve, a slight glare on his face.
"The big bottle," Steve told her. "Won't even limit you to how many you want to eat." She eyed him, throwing the offer around in her head, then smiled brightly at him.
“Well, yes and no,” Tony said, turning a smile back to him. “Pick a car, whichever one you want to ride in.”
“Did you really think that Wade would be able to keep his mouth shut about anything?” Tony questioned. “Not when he’s excited about something at least. And apparently trying to get Peter in on it, too.”
Downstairs, Tony went for one of the comm units that everyone had. He had passed on the design to SHIELD as well, knowing that they were much better than what the organization had been using before. When he turned it on he was treated to a familiar voice.
"Emotioned out?" Steve questioned. Tony happened to notice that one of his plates was almost empty already. How did the man manage to eat that much food already, and have a conversation? All without talking with the food still in his mouth? Maybe Tony should ask Steve for a blood sample, study that super soldier metabolism. Maybe he could use some other perks to get better results in the workshop.
“He says with confidence,” Steve said with a smile. “It’ll be good to get out of here, Buck. In fact, let’s escape them now.”
"If it were true what you're implying, we wouldn't be having this conversation." Mary had that spark of optimism that Tony envied sometimes. "You would have blown Peter and I off as nothing more than a dirty secret to be kept in the closet, paid off with lots of money."
"A lot's changed since your time, Cap!" Tony called out. "This is a whole new beast to contend with."
In the kitchen, Steve was sitting across from Julie, three mugs of coffee set out, one waiting for Tony next to Steve. He sat down and glanced between the both of them. "He's been living in New York all this time," Steve told Tony. "Only five miles away from their house." Tony frowned. In the divorce it had been ruled that Colonel Wilson had to move outside of the city that Julie and Wade were living in. It was no secret that he probably had more than one residence, but Tony was more than a little upset to hear how he had been able to hide at least one place from everyone.
They sat in silence for a while, and Tony could feel his chest not moving so rapidly, not trying to force air into his lungs. He was feeling a little calmer, and not so much pain. His eyes were starting to drift shut, feeling exhausted, until Steve's near whispers caught his attention. "I was worried." Steve? He was worried? About what? "I saw you falling in the water, that's the only way I can describe it. And you weren't moving, weren't trying to get back up, and I thought that...." Steve trailed off, taking a deep breath. Steve was worried about him. "All I could think about was what you said a couple weeks ago, about how you didn't go into the water. I couldn't lose someone else in my life."
“I hope you don’t mind if I take a peek as well.” There was a very familiar voice behind Tony. He hopped up in shock at the fact of someone else being in the room that he didn’t see, and the disbelief at the owner of the voice. A very dressed down Loki strolled towards the two men, looking not the least bit dead. “I’d like to see how this has progressed, if you are still plagued with dreams and visions.”
"I missed you too!" Peter wrapped his arms around Tony's neck. "I had so much fun, and I can't wait to tell you about it!"
"That's up to him," Tony replied, looking back at Peter. "Remember, little man, adults have other things that might keep them from moving here. We have to ask first." Tony paused a little, Peter nodding his head. "But, you can tell him that there is a place for him if he wants to move here."
"Are they coming in through the garage?" Tony asked, as practically hopped down the stairs. At the bottom though he took a deep breath, feeling a bit of tightness in his chest. He shook his head a little, before heading down the hall."
Pepper lifted Jamie so that she was standing on her feet on Pepper’s legs. “Listen, if this ever becomes too much, you call Aunt Pepper up, anytime.” Now Tony was rolling his eyes. “Aunt Pepper will help you.”
"So, she'll be living upstairs, too?" Peter asked carefully, pulling his eyes back to look at Tony. Tony nodded a couple of times. “Are you gonna help take care of her?"
Tony made a whining noise. “I was afraid you were going to say that. I need to keep working on stuff, need to keep creating.”
"You're sadly mistaken if you think this isn't a situation that I can't get out of," Tony taunted. "And I know you're not going to kill her, you just admitted that you want to use her as leverage, and not against me." The man just smirked, not moving, and Tony didn't like it.
"The reactor accepted the element," Bruce told him. They entered the lab and Tony saw the new arc reactor sitting on the desk opposite of Loki's scepter. He had put in a new triangle design, getting a little tired of the circle. He had wanted something new.
Sam stared at Steve from across the table, not really knowing how big this 'little' get together could actually get. Steve and Tony had Jamie between them on one side of the table, Peter at the corner of the next side, closest to Tony, with Wade next to him, and Julie next to her son. On the other side close to Steve was Mary and Coulson with the twins between them, and Sam sitting between Bruce and William, with Rachel next to her husband by Julie.
She took a breath and placed a hand on her injured side, before leaning against the wall. “I was born in Germany, just outside of Nuremburg. Jacob was my father,” she told them. “I didn’t know him, he and my mother died before I was even three, and I was shipped off the US to live with my Aunt.” She looked at them, and they could see that she was as troubled with the information as they were. “I was always told that they had been killed in a burglary gone wrong, and since I had been sleeping so quietly that the burglar didn’t even know I was there. And I never had a reason to look them up.”
Of course he wasn't expecting the man in the middle of the track when he came around the bend. Was that electri- And then he was in the air, with the car. He tumbled int he air, unable to get out of the vehicle, his brain working in slow motion, along with the rest of time. Tony's body jerked as he landed, letting out a shout when his head, thankfully protected by the helmet, scraped against the ground.
"I've got to think about Peter, too," Tony said weakly. They both knew that was a non-issue, Peter adored Steve.
"Hey, Pete," Steve said to the boy, and Tony raised his eyebrow slightly at Steve's own nickname for the boy. "You get checked out?"
Tony tapped at Steve’s hand with his fingers, and his head whipped over to look at him. His other hand was resting on his chest, over his arc reactor, his eyes were nearly closed, but he was looking at Steve, he was back. The blonde leaned down, dropping a kiss on his forehead, brushing back some sweat soaked hair. When had that happened, Steve wondered.
"How many years later, though?" Bruce asked, taking off his glasses. Tony thinks about it, and he's right. There at least a seven year gap between him and Bruce meeting. "They could have easily stolen this in the years after Howard died." Tony turned to look back at the formula that Bruce had made while working on the Super Soldier Serum for Howard Stark.
"Agent," Tony said after Peter ran over to his surprise. "I wasn't aware that you owned anything that was a black suit and a white shirt." Coulson was dressed in khaki's and a dark blue sweater, wearing glasses that Tony had never seen before.
Tony turned his body away to put distance between him and the baby girl. "Don't do this," he told the kid. "Get your sister, walk away while you can. This isn't-"
"And here I thought that the only kind of suit you owned was black," Tony told the groom. He was wearing a white suit, rather reminiscent of his work outfit, with a black shirt, and a white tie.
Tony's hands were carding through Peter's hair at the moment, both of them quiet, just needing each other, when an alert popped up in the corner of the screen.
Tony was on the floor, at one point having propped himself up against the couch, but had since moved to his side. Peter was tucked under one Tony’s arms, and Jamie was laying on top of Peter and Tony’s arms, while Wade was on his back and draped over Tony’s hip. All four of them were fast asleep, a couple of pillows, and blankets, haphazardly around, and over and under them. Tony’s tablet was pushed away, and he was still wearing his black work pants, but he had discarded the tie and button down shirt and was just in a black undershirt. Jamie had pulled off his socks, and they were nowhere to be found.
"Remember the giant arc reactor that Howard had built in the California HQ?" Tony had known Bruce since he was just a teen, first meeting him when he was an intern at Stark Industries.
“And how many times were you kicked out for sneaking in at night to try and teach yourself?” He continued. “Until finally, Mr Streeter let you come in twice a week, only cause he didn’t wanna haf ‘ta call the cops on you. Also, cause those first several black eyes weren’t doin’ ya no favors with your Ma, or the ladies.”
Peter put his hands up, asking silently if he could ask Mary about the sleeping arrangements, and Tony put the phone in his hand after tapping a few times and Steve could hear the phone ringing. Peter started to hop around a little with the phone pressed up to his ear, and Steve looked back over at Tony. Tony caught Steve's eye, and Steve could tell that he wasn't going to back down first. This was not the same man that he had talked to over the phone, (was it the phone, it was technically the tablet), he could tell by the eyes that this man remembered that night, and he wasn't about to bring it up. Steve would have too.
Tony heard the sound of an engine pulling in to the garage, and then shutting off. “Vee!” He whispered excitedly as he turned towards the garage. “Jarvis is home now! I can’t wait to show you to him. He’s my best friend, and I know that he’ll be excited to meet you!” He hugged her before running off to meet Jarvis and Ana.
The space around him rippled, almost violently. “Intruders. Too many.” Tony’s breathing picked up and his body jerked again, a wave of pain washing through him. His mind felt like it was being pulled in two different directions, and apart felt like it was anchored and wasn’t going to move. His hands started to burn again and he could practically feel the rage of his subconscious captors. They wanted him, they wanted him badly, and there would be promised pain. On the other side was a calmer sense, frantic, but no anger.
Tony's expression deadpanned once more. "You have to make pancakes for Rhodey, too. He's here, and he eats a lot!" He called as he headed for the stairs.
"Well, that would probably be the point of this fancy dress," She told him, finishing her champagne. As she put the glass on the tray of a passing waiter, Tony took her hands, leading her to the dance floor. "I didn't know you were going to be here."
“You were able to glean all of this, but were too weak to fight your way back?” Loki almost scoffed.
The food was in the middle, making it easier to pass around, although the chimichangas were staying suspiciously close to Wade the whole time.
"Sometimes my mom had bad nights, when she can't sleep," Wade continued. "And I can't sleep, and then I'll sit with her. She can't work sometimes, but I know that she's gone to find Jackson because he helps her with the cancer."
“I don’t like the idea that this is all connected,” Tony added. “Alright, I’ll grab the babies. You know where we’ll be if you need anything. Jarvis should be fully functional in a few minutes or so.”
"I'm going with you," Steve said, cutting off Tony's rant. His eyes were bright, a fire lit behind them. "You're going to need help getting him out." Tony looked at him then nodded once. "I'll get Barton and Romanoff, they'll know how to find him, and the best way to transport him."
"Yeah, yeah," Tony said with a wave of his hand, the trio stopping by another door. "Get your archer boyfriend out of there."
Tony heaved a sigh and turned to face her in the doorway of the jet, thankful that no cameras were around. yet. "Pepper, you can yell at me all you want later, but right now, I need to see my son. A combination of things happening, only some of which is my fault, has guaranteed that my time will once again be limited with Peter." Pepper blinked, stopping in front of him on the steps. There might have been a slight pleading tone in his voice. "I am going to be hearing about this psycho having arc reactor technology within the next hour, and the press is going to descend upon me like vultures in the desert. This plane ride home is going to be the most time I get with Peter for a long time, Pep." Tony glanced back inside the jet a little. "I need this time right now."
Steve tried not to shake his head a little. “He went to go see Dr Strange today.” Mary raised an eyebrow, and that’s when Steve knew that Mary didn’t know about the recent troubles with Tony. It seemed that Steve had been the only one he talked about what he was experiencing after the Battle. Steve obviously hadn’t said anything to her, because it was up to Tony on if he wanted anyone else to know or not. “Loki did something to him, and I don’t really know how to explain it. There was, someone? Something? Out there controlling Loki, and it had gotten into Tony’s mind.” Mary raised a hand to her face, but didn’t look away from Steve.
"Dr Banner," Coulson spoke up this time. "You're the best expert we have on the scientific aspect of a Serum, do you recognize the formula?"
He had saved his personal floors for last, getting all other living floors complete, mostly because he had managed to talk Bruce instead at the Tower instead of disappearing again. He was introduced to his Gems, becoming the 6
There was a light rumble through the building as Steve burst through the door to the roof, and his breath caught in his throat for a second. Then he was sprinting across the roof, taking the tired looking Tony into his arms. He had been leaning against Thor’s side, Thor supporting most of his weight, but he didn’t look hurt. Tony seemed to sage against Steve once his arm were around him, and he Tony was dropping his head, slotting his face into Steve’s neck against his shoulder.
“Déjà vu,” Tony mumbled with his smirk. “Stevie! Tell him to put on the suit!” He almost giggled at the glare Steve sent him.
“That sounds more like the Tony Stark I know,” Steve said with a little snort. Tony leaned his head up to press a kiss to his jaw. The Super Soldier smiled and leaned his head back a little against the bed, letting his eyes slip shut, arms still around Tony.
“Sorry, baby,” Steve pressed a gentle kiss to his temple. “I don’t wanna wait too long though. You shouldn’t have used the suit.”
"Hey, I don't know anything about what your crazy brother went through before getting here," Tony said, putting his hands up, and he swore he saw Loki smirk a little. "I'm still technically trying to get used to the fact that other worlds can be accessed and-"
Tony was sitting on the floor of his living room, using Ruby’s special brush to comb out her mane and tail. Tony took special care of her, had ever since she had pushed her way out of her egg. She had always been the smallest, but had bonded the closest to Tony, other than Vee. She was shy around others, even Pepper and Coulson, but she loved to be brushed by Tony.
Tony stumbled out of the elevator, nearly hitting the floor, until he opened the door to his workshop. There, there was the other arc reactor. He gasped, body feeling cold, slowly dying, shrapnel tearing it's way closer to his heart with every exaggerated beat. Why did the workshop suddenly feel so big?! He had to get to the suit, he had to get Peter back!
Steve smiled at them and slid off the bed, going out to grab the menu from the bar. It wasn’t long before Peter did indeed seek him out. “Hey, Petey,” Steve called out when he saw him walk into the room. “We’re gonna order some food in to the room, wanna help me pick it out?” Peter nodded and walked over, letting Steve help him up onto one of the tall barstool seats. “Going out to eat is fun, but I think we need a night of just eating in front of the TV.”
He stopped when he saw a file that had been tried to be redacted, but his bug had copied it first, making a ghost file for Tony. He frowned as he opened it, seeing a lot of medical jargon. Tony didn't think that would be out of the ordinary, there were a lot of SHIELD agents that had been injured during the attack on the Hellicarrier, but this was different, someone was trying to hide this file. It looked like it had been entered into the system for all of three minutes. That was enough time for someone to enter it, print it off to make a manual file, and then remove it from the system. It was considered a Level Seven security clearance.
Coulson slipped into Mary's office and she glanced up. It wasn't very often that she could be found in her office, because that meant that she actually had to do paperwork, and she didn't really like it. "This doesn't look like a social visit, hunny bunny." Coulson smirked a little at her over-exaggerated pet name for him.
Tony pulled off his sunglasses and met the man’s eyes in front of him. The bags under his eyes were starting to become noticeable from the lack of sleep that Tony was getting thanks to the nightmares. “Something happened last year, during the battle. I really don’t know how to explain it, but something happened when I was alone with Loki. He claims that he was under the control of some other being, out there, in space.”
Julie nodded, leaning against the table they were sitting at. "I can still send a bodyguard with you when you go out, with and without Wade," Tony told her. "There's a nice man named Todd who'd be willing to help you out, and I trust him. They can go with you to make sure you get to your treatments, and keep an eye on Wade. Todd already does half of that anyway."
"Alright sap, listen," Tony chuckled, poking Steve's chest. "We're going to back into your bedroom-"
“Alright, you know what, I have to try and help you,” Tony said, sitting up, and bracing Jamie with his legs. “This is starting to get sad, and I gotta give my boyfriend some love.”
Tony was getting used to Steve's habits of housekeeping. He of course knew some things from Jarvis, the human one, from when he was younger, but he had grown up with maids, and cooks, and other servants, but Steve hadn't. He was very particular about leftover food as well, but that was from growing up with little money, and war rations. Tony helped him put the rest of the food in containers and into the fridge, dishes in the dishwasher, before he was able to pull Steve over to the couch.
Turning his attention back to Rachel, Steve put his hands on the front of his belt. "Ma'am, I understand that you are upset about Mary, I am as well. I worked very close with her, and I helped watch Peter. But, I would ask that you not turn that anger towards Tony."
“Shit,” Tony raced for a tablet, finding one just by the couch, and started typing on the screen. “This was planned, and it was so underhanded that even I didn’t see it. I at least didn’t anticipate something for another day or two.”
"The one we made cupcakes for, right?" Steve asked, and he saw Tony nodded out of the corner of his eye.
"We know who you are," the woman spoke first. There was Mary's fiery spirit. "I think that everyone in the world knows who you are now."
"You didn't get a blanket," Tony said absently, not looking at him. Steve blinked a little; he had completely forgotten around it. Tony kicked his legs out, lying across Steve's lap, and his feet pushed the blanket out with them so that it covered Steve's legs. "Alright, everyone settled in? Good? Good. Let's start this thing!"
"Everyone just had cupcakes at the party," Mary said, sitting down across from Tony and Peter. "I thought that you and Peter could share your own cake. Making memories and all that."
In the time between the time that Tony got home, and the time before he became Iron Man to the public, he worked with Vee on acquiring Eevee eggs. Eight of them to be exact. Vee sat on the desk, watching as Tony meticulously made sure that the eggs were well incubated, the temperature around them perfect, and as he talked to them everyday. The robots circled around, but were careful not to touch.
He rubbed his face, still feeling utterly exhausted. Steve had been right, eventually his body would become too tired, and he would sleep without any dreams. He hoped. Putting his arm over his face, he rested his eyes for just a second. He had gone over the wording for the press releases, signed the papers for the restraining order on George, and worked on a way to contain Loki so that Thor could move him over to the Manor today, and away from SHIELD.
"That's good work, Tony," William said, clapping a hand on his arm. "That's real good work. Mary'll be real happy about that when she wakes up." Tony smiled and nodded.
"She's awake, and making jokes," Peter said happily. Steve put him back on his feet as he stirred the pasta in the pot on the stove, but kept his eyes on the boy. "Granpa and Phil say that that's really good, and that she should be coming home real soon."
Tony stopped suddenly, and looked at Peter closely, narrowing his eyes as he inspected him. He hummed, then held out Peter at arm’s length, the little Stark giggling and smiling. "Hmmmm, well you I guess you don't look like food. You kind of look like a boy. Are you positive?"
"Yeah, well my words weren't exactly painting your praises," Tony groused. "Seriously, don't worry about it, bridge under the water. Or water under the bridge, whatever, saying never made sense anyway." Tony pushed himself to the end of the bed, getting up. "Better get down to the kitchen before Peter hunts us down. Birthday pancakes are a serious tradition, but I'm sure you know that."
"Sir," he managed to get out, trying to catch his breath. "It's the Avengers, they're here!" A low boom could be heard overhead, punctuating his statement.
“I can not let you make that claim,” Tony told him. He motioned towards Steve, and pulled him down by his tee, giving him a kiss. He tugged a little on Steve’s bottom lip with his teeth and smiled. “Alright Soldier, get-“
"No," she said with a shake of her head. "Just a couple of us would need to go. It would look suspicious if the whole team was suddenly in the capitol." Tony didn't like what she was suggesting. "The intel isn't solid yet, so we would need to gather more."
"You get to see Peter more than he does," she said simply with a shrug of her shoulders. "If I'm working late you get to pick him up from school, and you're teaching him art."
"He doesn't want to." Steve slid out of the booth, grabbing the new diaper bag that Steve had packed up before they went into the diner, and leaned in to take Jamie from Tony. "But he will." Tony watched her face scrunch up as she yawned herself awake, turning to lay against Steve's chest as she was transferred. "She's going to be a creature of comfort."
Rhodey looked at Tony, eyebrow raised. Tony knew the look on Rhodey's face, he had seen it often, well, often enough. Rhodey was assessing the situation. To him it looked like Tony was giving everyone exactly what they wanted, but that wasn't how Tony Stark operated; in fact he often did the opposite of what people wanted him to do. Tony tried not to smirk, practically seeing those thoughts go through the military mans head.
"Jarvis will pull up the GPS, he'll guide you." Tony was running the possibilities through his head. There was a high possibility that the two women after her had been Hydra, if what Steve was saying was true. It was obvious that they were after her, because Steve had contacted her. And last they knew, Steve was in DC, where Fury was as well, with SHIELD. SHIELD that now seemed to be more Hydra than anything else. This could explain the weird missions.
"They're not even ten yet, Steve!" Tony declared, throwing his hands up a little. "They're school yard crushes, that's it. They'll be friends forever, of that I have no doubt-"
The man glanced down at the two girls, his arms wrapped around them both. "My youngest gets confused about why we can't go home, and I think my oldest is starting to catch on." He looked back up at Tony. "But, I'm luckier than others around here, I got my girls with me." Tony nodded a little.
It didn’t seem that long, but Steve must have drifted off a little because next thing he knew there was a pressure on his chest, and he was waking up. Tony must have been moving, and he wondered if he was going to wake him up so that they could move back up to the bed. Then the pressure turned sharp, then painful, then
"Peter talk you into coming back with us?" Tony asked Steve as he walked over. The blonde looked at him and nodded. "Mary's there, just to let you know, so, you know," he shrugged a little. Tony ran his hand through Peter's hair. "Guess we'd better get to where there's a bed then, right?"
He set the shield back in its place, and Steve turned from the secure case as it closed, locking away the vibranium item, and he froze when there was already someone standing in front of him. “Wade,” he breathed out, relaxing a little. “It’s late, what are you doing up?”
"Perfect time to take a raincheck on the show," Tony said as he hopped up from the couch. "I'm gonna go whisper dirty words to Captain America now."
Steve was off changing into some dry clothes, seeing the last of the guests off, and Tony was picking up the pool toys and chairs that are around the pool itself. Natasha and Clint headed back for SHIELD, unable to stay for dinner, while Bruce, Mary and Coulson, and William and Rachel, were wrapping up the leftovers from the party, and probably ordering a pizza or something for dinner, while Peter and Wade had collected all the presents to put in Peter's room. Steve had said he'd be back down to help Tony with the clean up of everything else. He was going to let Steve grab the toys from inside the pool.
"Mr Stark," Mary's father greeted as he shook his hand. He hadn't warmed up to Tony, per se, but he had acknowledged that Tony was at least taking care of Peter, and wasn't a horrible father. Tony had preened a little at the half compliment.
“Like you wouldn’t be able to rig your phone to ring, or heaven forbid even give off the Avengers alarm.”
"-have to get any messier." That was Fury's voice. She stayed just out of side, pistol at the ready, and leaned a little. She could see Fury with a silver case in his hands, meant or the tesseract. Her hairs were starting to stand on end, and she glanced up, seeing the swirl of blue energy at the ceiling. This would be more of Tony's field, or possibly Dr Banner's.
"There is no other Peter like your Peter, though," Steve counter argued. Peter wiggled his whole body between the two men, making them move closer together so he didn't fall. He was too busy having fun. "I want this Peter."
“What are we going to do about the Serum that they’ve already got?” Steve asked, looking between the two scientists. “They might already be using that on people, right?”
"Yes," Thor nodded. "It is where it belongs, having been lost from my father's vault many years ago. It has proven to not be safe here on Midgard."
Tony found a few moments every few hours, when Wanda would lose focus, talking to her brother, where he could break free of the control. He started programming a distress beacon, hidden inside some sub-program. He had activated it that morning, and he hoped that Bruce had found the signal.
"Good idea!" Peter jumped up to go for the address book that Mary kept by the cordless phone. Tony was fairly certain they would just end up getting box mix for the cupcakes, but Jarvis would guide them safely. Jarvis knew how to keep Tony from burning down a kitchen,... Again.
"Daddy!" Tony looked around, hearing the cry from far away. Tony started to tread water now, kicking his feet, looking for the familiar exit of a cave that he could remember from nearly five years ago.
"Not very high for the first day or two," she said. "We want to get his heart working at normal pace again, but the stress of walking might overdo it right away."
Tony blinked a little. "I'll come down to the pool with you, sure." He didn't have to go swimming, all he had to do was be in the same room with them. He'd be fine. The two boys whooped and went running back inside. "Don't run so fast in the house!" He shouted after them, and the retreating steps became quieter as they slowed down. "Thank you!"
Tony shot a repulsor beam at Loki before he was even thinking about landing, throwing the man back, hitting some stairs. That was a little satisfying. Tony landed, then raised both arms, weapons at the ready, all trained on Loki. And what the hell was he wearing on his head? Honestly, how did he expect anyone to take him seriously with that helmet?
Steve fixed the wide brimmed hat he had tucked on Jamie’s head as they got out of the car in front of the hotel. The weather in California was different than New York, but he noted, not entirely in a bad way. Jamie reached up to play with the edge of her hat, but Steve stopped her from taking it off, holding her close to his chest. Peter had grabbed his backpack, sliding out of the car first, with Tony close behind him to keep an eye on him, and Steve not far behind, taking in the sight of the large building.
"She's waiting for us to come to Granma's room." The older man told him. "They only want two grown-ups and one Peter back there at a time," he quickly explained when he saw Peter look back at Tony.
Strange cleared his throat a little, a small disapproving frown on his features. “As for the interfering force that both helped and hindered, that is still a complete mystery to me. It’s not like something I’ve ever encountered before, and I can’t seem to find it again. I can tell for a fact that it’s not malevolent, though.”
"Good job, Tony," the male voice said again, and Tony felt a little bit of pride bubble in his chest. "Peter is in bed, he's sleeping. Mary has gong to go take a picture, and she's going to text it to you, okay?"
Steve closed his eyes tightly, gave one last squeeze to Tony's hand before letting go, giving a little lean to get up. He had to shake it off. He was in the plane again, he was going down, and could see the water and the ice rushing up to meet him. He knew it had to be done, to save the world, but this time he hadn't lost consciousness. He gasped, freezing water filling his lungs, burning his eyes, the cold soaking straight to his bones. Steve let out a strangled whimper through clenched teeth, and his eyes shot open when two warm hands were pressed to his cheeks. Tony was in front of him, his amber eyes clear with worry, and patience.
"Okay, so here's what I'm thinking," Tony starts. He had every intention of getting up to refill his coffee mug, and to not have to look at Steve and get distracted. That was before grabbed his mug and got up to refill it for him. "We should test this thing out, whatever this thing is that might or might not be between us." He took the mug from Steve, trying his hardest to keep his eyes down. "Because, although you know about Peter, and he likes you, and all that wonderful jazz, I still gotta be, careful." Steve looked like a quizzical puppy when he tilted his head, and his blue eyes shining. "Mary didn't introduce Agent to Peter, at least as her boyfriend, until they had been dating for like, four months or something, and I think there were 'I love you's' exchanged."
“Is this another Game of Thrones plea?” Danielle Cavanaugh asked as she crossed her legs at the knee.
"You with a little girl? We would all be doomed!" Tony straightened in the chair, watching the boys push Steve to the bathroom to get dressed. "Can you imagine, some blonde girl running around, the same spit-fire nature in her as Captain America? And I would give just about anything to see the first person who dares ask out Cap's precious little girl. Would polishing your shield be the equivalent of cleaning the rifle?"
“Don’t tell me you’re encouraging this??” Mary questioned, adding to the pancake pile that Meg was in charge of.
Mary laughed as she spun back in to him, taking his other hand. "You said you couldn't dance!" She accused.
“If you could that would be wonderful,” Tony said, turning around to smile at her. “They might actually be up in the Penthouse, and there’s a reason for that. Also, Steve is no longer Mr Steve, he’s Papa.” Mary’s mouth dropped and her eyes widened a little but the elevator doors were already closing. “I’ll explain later!”
Steve hummed along with the piano, inwardly pleased at how well Tony was playing. “We have a song now, you know,” he commented, and Tony snorted out a chuckle.
Bucky nodded, giving Wade’s shoulder a little squeeze. “The point of the lessons are in hopes that you never have to use it, but so that you’re always prepared.” That’s what Steve had told the kids, and Bucky liked that a hell of a lot better than what he had learned with Hydra. “I’m glad you had the training.”
"Ah, of course, that super soldier appetite," Tony said with a nod. He pulled out his phone from his pants pocket and started scrolling through his messages. "Oh, hey, Mary. Thought I'd mention, I'll take Peter right after his birthday party, Wade'll be staying over the two nights after."
"Are you sure about that?" There was a chittering sound that echoed across the space, and a shiver raced down his back. "There are many ways that we can reach you, can hurt you." It pulled his face closer, deep voice whispering with a twisted glee. "He is willing to make a deal with you, to save you some suffering for what you've done to Him."
“Well, considering I didn’t get to do this when I was teenager,” Steve said with a little smile. He reached his spoon over again, but Tony had grabbed his own and they clanked against each other.
"We've also got scans out for the Maximoffs," Steve told him. "They have a vendetta against you, and they made their play obvious."
The doors closed and Tony lilted a little to the side, closing his eyes. Steve put a hand on his side to catch him. "Son of a bitch! He was not gentle when he stole my bullet."
"Jerk," Steve said with a smile. "Just looking for my friend back, Bucky. The guy that was always there in the alley, who had a mouth that rivaled a drunk's, and an attitude to match. The guy that didn't take no lip, or punch, for nothin' and was willing to give back twice as good as he got, for better and worse. The guy who had my back, no matter what. Till the end of the line."
Tony let out a little sigh, letting his shirt drop back down. Jarvis was right, he usually was. It had been six months since he had discovered the palladium poisoning, but he believed tho have contracted symptoms all the back before Christmas. "Start tracking his location, J. Let me know the second you have a contact number, unless it's during dinner."
“We’ll call, Mama. Love you, Mama!” He grinned and started to hop out of the room towards the elevator.
Steve put his other hand on Tony's back, rubbing small circles, helping him calm down. The wheezes were quieting down, slowing down, Tony's breathing evening out slowly. "That's it," Steve soothed quietly. "Almost there."
Was Tony not happy with the way she was? Would he try to evolve her as well? She hoped not. Steve had promised to never force her to evolve if she didn’t want too.
The light suddenly darkened through the window, and there were several cracks of lightning. Steve turned to look out the window, then noticed that the clouds were swirling over just one spot, and that was the Tower. That was Thor. He was running again for the stairs, this time running up. If Thor was coming, and he was aiming directly for the Tower, the best place to land would be the roof. Tony had actually semi planned that anyway, redoing the roof with enough space for Thor to land on, but never specifically saying that that was what it was for.
"No, no, no, no," Tony repeated. He pushed Peter's shirt up, seeing the set in arc reactor. And the black lines of palladium poisoning marring his chest. "No, please, no."
"Jarvis is keeping tabs on him, but he should be fine for a few minutes," Bruce said, tapping at something on the screen, most likely a treatment plan. "No longer than ten minutes though." He looked back up at Mary. "The only reason I'm stepping out of my comfort zone to treat him like this, is because I know he'll turn away any other medical doctor. He doesn't realize it now, but this is serious. And that's not even mentioning what's going on in his head right now." He gave Mary a purposeful look. "This is all stuff you should be telling that man," he said pointing in the pool room. She knew that he was referring to Steve. Bruce squeezed her shoulder a little before heading off down the hall.
He had told Wade that his Mom had to go somewhere else to get some medicine, that she hadn't been able to get to Jackson. Tony wasn't sure if Wade had been close to Jackson or not, and didn't really feel that he should be the one to tell him he was dead. Tony glanced in the mirror to check on Wade every so often, watching the boy continue the came on the tablet.
"There's a reason that she lives so far away," Steve said as he tucked his legs under himself now. "I really don't know if I could keep up with her energy all the time."
“We have to be prepared,” he nodded. “They’re based off of the idea of the Mark VII, being able to have a suit come to me when I need it, and not have to need a service station. I’ve been fine tuning all the little things, making different suits for different needs instead of the same suit for everything. Why the need to keep adding on when I can just be prepared for everything at once?” Tony took a breath and started to rub his temples. “If we’re supposed to be the best defense for this planet, then why aren’t we taking any pre-emptive action?”
"Loki, fuck, what the hell are you doing in here!" Tony shouted, subtly looking around for a weapon. "How did you get out of your cage?" Tony tried not to move when Loki stepped closer to both Tony and the bed. He did move closer to the bed when Loki looked to be getting closer to Steve.
“Obviously not if you’re still talking,” Steve said with a devious smirk, then kissed him again before he could say anything else. Tony hummed against Steve’s lips, then mimed zipping his lips. “Jarvis, did you record that?” He laughed when Tony punched his shoulder. “I’ve put a bit of thought behind these next few days, and I’m confident that you’re going to enjoy it. And yes, lots of simple food to make, because I really don’t think we’re going to be up for making meals that take too long to prepare and cook.”
Rachel snorted. "The Stark Expo, the monument to his ego." She rolled her eyes, but she was starting to lose her argument. "And where is he now? Downstairs, hiding, feeling sorry for himself?"
"Not like I have anything else to spend it on, and it's not like I wouldn't hesitate to spend my entire fortune on Peter." Tony would give up his fortune for Peter, in fact. He leaned his head against Mary's shoulder when she started to run her fingers through his hair, and they sat there for a couple of minutes. "You're not done are you?" Mary hummed and shook her head no. "I'm going to be emotionally wrecked, aren't I?" She nodded.
"I had a flashback, guess what? That happens when you've been tortured for months," Tony growled out. "That's never going to stop, no matter what some quack says to me on a couch. I've got too many things to do without wasting my time on something that won't work."
"Yes please!" Peter jumped a little, hugging Steve around the neck. Steve smiled, lifting Peter effortless into his arms, tucking him against his side.
"I know, but it's called being an adult. Now, go take a shower, and get dressed in clean clothes," Mary told him. "I'll be there with Peter in forty-five minutes.
Tony tumbled to the ground, fighting back the dizziness in his head, and tried to push himself back up. A hand gripped his arm and hauled him to his feet, making his head spin. “Mr Stark, we have need of you.” He looked towards the voice, the person holding him up, and nothing could stop the yellow color even through his double vision. Wade and Peter were shouting from the car as another AIM agent was opening the back door.
He gave the trap a wider berth, and quickly found apartment 3E. He knocked twice and waited, adjusting his dark sunglasses, hands finding his pockets again. The door opened a couple of seconds later and Mary was there, giving him a little smile, opening the door wider to let him inside. Tony looked around as he walked in, eyeing the little apartment. The walls weren’t chipping like out in the hall, but it also looked like Mary had probably painted the walls a soft blue. The floors were hardwood, no carpet except for the new rug in the middle of the small living room, obviously meant for Peter so he didn’t hurt himself on the wood. Tony saw that Peter was sleeping in a bassinet by the gently used loveseat, and he wondered if all newborns were as quiet as he seemed to be.
Tony reacted in a flash, hand flying out to grab one Clint’s wrist, his leg sweeping out to bring the man to the ground, his other hand pressing down at his throat without cutting off any air. Tony was breathing heavily through his nose at a wide eyed Clint, weapons sliding out of his hands. It only took a second for Clint to react though, only being caught off guard once before his training kicked in.
“What about before he took the shield back up?” Tony pushed himself up on his elbows. “My impression was that he wasn’t doing that much while he tried to figure out what he wanted to do.”
"Yeah, he's back in the States," Tony said, turning back to look at her. "I guess he needed to make sure that he didn't miss anything when he destroyed the lab. He's keeping his distance from Steve. I'm thinking there was a whole new level of torture and brainwashing, if he's trying to pick up the pieces of his memory." Mary hummed, nodding. "Right now, he's still high up on my list, but not enough to be on a constant look out."
"Let me help." Steve jumped into action, scooping up the silverware in one hand, and pausing a bit before taking the bowl of ice cream, waiting for the slight nod from Mary, saying that he could give the little boy his treat.
Bucky closed his eyes, rubbing his face with his good hand, and groaned softly. “And there’s nothing that’s gonna stop you is there?” Wade shook his head no, grinning. “In the interest of not having Stevie go berserk every time you two end up in the hospital, which would be often, I’m going to take it upon myself to teach you how not to die.”
Turning his hand he gave a shoddily aimed blast to the face to Thor back from him, just a little, then threw his head forward in a head bang. Thor looked utterly appalled that Tony would do such a thing and slammed his head right back into him, sending Tony onto the ground. Shooting back up Tony went for another punch but Thor hit first, sending Tony to his knees. Before he had time to block, Thor was punching his shoulder and his back, pushing him down further.
"That's why you found her." Bucky nodded. "I've read some of the files.... How did you get away form them?"
“Never said that I disagreed with any of this, or found fault with it.” Steve placed a soft kiss on the bridge of Tony’s nose. “Just listening off the things I know about you, and reason why I do love you.” Tony wiggled his nose a little, and lay his head back down, against Steve’s shoulder this time.
“Hey, everything’s alright.” Steve peeked out and he saw that Bucky was trying to soothe Jamie. She was wriggling in Bruce’s arms, but didn’t want Bucky to take her. She moved away from his hands, her cheeks red and scrunched. “Yeah, I know, but everything’s okay now.”
Well, it had been a decent idea of a plan, was his first thought when he woke up in the morning, still wrapped around a sleeping Steve Rogers.
"Steve is with them, trying to get them to, stay, dressed." Tony rubbed his face, handing the tablet back to Pepper. "Third door, on the right," she said brightly as Tony left the kitchen, before snagging one of the crème puffs.
"I'm going to go down, highly anticipating the arrival of our darling son!" Tony called to her, heading for the elevator. "You are allowed to join me, if you stop talking about my relationship."
Steve hesitated as a dozen different thoughts went through his mind. The elevator doors opened and he started to guide Tony to their bedroom. The lights were off in the main rooms, the hall lights dimmed. Jamie’s door was mostly closed, the glow of a night light peeking out from under the door frame, while Peter’s door was closed all the way. Once inside their bedroom, Steve closed the door and Tony went off to the closet to change into his night clothes.
"Why are you still even making food?" Tony asked him. "Peter's at school, Agent is headed to the office, and I'm sure that Mary's about to head that way, too."
Mary was looking up towards the roof, starting to look around for a ladder, or anything to get up there to help. "Mary!" Tony whisper shouted.
"Because you're a superhero. And you promised." Tony hugged Peter tightly, kissing the top of his head.
Tony grit his jaw tightly, his knuckles turning white as his grip tightened. Mary had been in that car when the base had literally fallen to pieces. She had a bullet wound to her right calf, with a tibular and fibular break as well, a broken nose form the airbag, four cracked ribs, a dislocated shoulder, and coxal bone fracture on her left hip. Tony's brain worked with what he was given, formulas appearing to explain all the breaks. She had been much too fast, probably trying to get out, and the rocks brought her to a dead stop, propelling her with too much force to her body.
"She's not wrong," Tony said. "And to do it properly I would have needed to have seen the original hand, or what's been collected."
“They were invited,” another voice spoke up as the bedroom door opened again. Stephen Strange walked in, unfortunately with Loki still trailing behind him. “I have need Ms Maximoff’s skills. I have found out that she’s been inside of his head before.” Steve took a step back closer to the bed when Loki also looked over to the bed, looking past Tony. Jamie’s hand was grasping at Steve’s pant leg, and he moved an arm back to rest on top of her head.
"Please, Jarvis," Steve said with a nod. A couple weeks ago Tony had said that he was working on a new harness for the shield, and he had told Steve to stop by before his next mission. This may be too soon, but Steve also wanted to say bye to Tony before he left.
Steve paled at the words, at the thought. Tony had been working on saving his life as a side project. He shouldn't have been called in if he had been dying, it wouldn't have been worth it. If Steve thought about it though, how many had actually known what had been going on, other than Dr Banner? Tony wouldn't have told them, that was for certain.
"Oh, you are going to be a troublemaker!" Tony smiled, turning back towards his plate of pancakes. "Alright, my little monster, help me demolish this plate of pancakes."
“I’m proud, Tony, you’re slowly learning, and I don’t have to tell you anymore.” She grinned and Tony rolled his eyes. “I think you might be my favorite client to work with.”
"With all due-" Rachel started, but Steve leveled her with a look that only Captain America can use, and she stopped suddenly.
“Stop learning from Steve, the punk,” Bucky said and let go of Wade’s arm to stand up. Wade took a couple steps back but followed behind him, like his shadow, as he headed for the kitchen. Bucky stopped and looked over his shoulder at the kid. “Why didn’t you ask Romanoff to train you?”
Bucky reached into his pocket as Meg walked across the room to grab her tablet. He looked at the green wrapped chocolate mints. “What about the little one?” He turned his head over, taking note that Peter and Wade had noticed and were moving closer to him.
"I don't even know what you got me, but I'm sure it's amazing," Steve immediately countered. "I know you made it, so that already makes it better than any store bought item. It's the curse of us artistic types." He paused when he heard a sniff. "Are you crying?"
"Still trying to figure that one out myself," Tony said with a sigh. "But wait, there's more!" Steve glanced over and saw Bruce walking in from the back of the lab. He nodded to Steve in greeting.
And Steve knew what was happening. "Tony never wants Peter to have to beg for attention," Steve nearly whispered. Bruce just took another drink from his cup, letting Steve work this one out. "He's nurtured everything that Peter has ever shown a little bit of an interest in. He gave up being a CEO to try and spend more time with Peter."
"I am currently tracking Sergeant Barnes, and running the new information," his AI responded, trying to ease his creator's mind. Tony nodded a little. His eyes closed when Steve reached up with one hand to rub at the back of his neck.
"They should live with us!" Peter proclaimed and Tony raised an eyebrow. "That way, when Wade's mom gets sick, we can help take care of her." Tony caught Steve glancing back at him from the kitchen. "There are more bedrooms at your house, and Mama likes talking to Wade's Mom, too. They do it all the time."
"Yeah, thanks Jarvis," he said with a nod. "I'll take it in the Penthouse, let me just put Jamie down for a nap first." If anything, Steve figured that the call would be enough of a distraction until some news, about just about anything, would be coming through. Steve hated not being able to do anything.
A beeping in his ear, and a red signal was all the warning Tony had before he was trying to roll away from a target lock of a rocket. The rocket clipped the side of his arm, sending Tony tumbling down towards the highway, correcting his course just before crashing into the concrete. He stood up, hand out as his repulsor charged and saw two people with rocket launchers pointed at him.
"It's almost as if someone came down to the workshop and dragged me to my bedroom." Tony shot Steve a glare over his mug. Steve just smiled.
"Let me get her out of here." Tony would never admit it, but his voice may have taken a pleading edge. Pietro looked to his sister, ready to grab Tony, to stop him from walking out the door. She shook her head to him once, he frowned, but he stepped away from the door. Tony didn't wait for what came next.
"They're going to recruit a fourth into their group," William told him ominously. "This only spells trouble for you. Mary already likes her and she's been telling Rachel about her, and now the newest house guest." Tony blinked and looked up at him. "I'm only telling the truth. You're doomed."
“There are ways of giving incentive to make your work.” The man growled and walked over towards the car, dragging an unstable Tony with him. “We should have left by-“ he grunted when he was thrown back suddenly, losing his grip on Tony finally, but Tony was also falling to the ground. He moved his arms quickly to cushion his head before it could smack against the concrete. The last thing Tony needed was to put himself in a coma as well.
He let out a sigh, looking down at the ground, before bringing his eyes back up to look at the woman in the bed. Steve couldn't help but feel guilty. If he hadn't of called her, gotten her involved, he wouldn't be looking at Meg in the bed, recovering from what could have been something fatal. Natasha had gotten a copy of the reports for him to look at. She'd recover, a minor surgery to her lung that had been nicked by the bullet, but they said she'd been lucky. She was asleep, had been since they finished surgery nearly ten hours previous, but her vitals were strong and promising.
Steve sucked in his own gulp of air as he broke the surface, and then there were hands reaching for him and Tony. Looking over, he saw Bruce and William at the edge, arms extended, and he started to move as fast as he could closer. He made sure to hand over Tony first to them.
"I think you're doing pretty well with Peter," Mary told him, rubbing the top of his hand with her fingers.
Tony reached over to take Steve’s hand with one of his. “I’m sorry, Steve. If you want, we’ll get the lawyers-“
"And look where its gotten me, again." Tony wrinkled his nose a little. "It's going to be hard to get to see Peter, and I can't stand when that happens. I asked Pepper to be CEO so I could focus on the important things in my life, to make time to be a better Dad, and somehow I managed to draw even more attention to myself."
“Thanks, James.” Tony raised an eyebrow at him over his shoulder at the level of familiarity between the two. “What? He gave me the shovel talk when he finally found out we were dating. Now we talk.”
"Enough things that keep you from sleeping?" Rhodey asked, watching Tony pause, but kept at his task. "I can see that you haven't slept in a while."
"On whether or not that Captain America continues," Mary said, confirming his thoughts. "Oh!" She started walking back into the bedroom, remembering something important. Steve followed and watched her walk over to a wooden armoire, opening the two doors. He saw the shield sitting there, on display, the same as the day he went down with the plane. Mary had moved and Steve walked forward, dropping the bags that he had forgotten he was still holding, and reached out, running his fingers along the edge.
“They finished about an hour ago,” Bruce told him. “I was going to have Jarvis let you know when you got back.”
“It was only two days,” Steve corrected and started to leave the secure room, hand on Wade’s shoulders so he’d follow. He didn’t usually like when Peter or Wade went up there without permission, or without an adult with them. At the moment Jamie wasn’t allowed up there at all. That’s where most of the Avengers weapons were secured, their suits, and other components that they didn’t really need to be getting their noses poked into. Since Bucky and Steve had been training with Peter and Wade though, they allowed them a little freedom on the rule, as long as they used common sense, and didn’t sneak around.
Steve leaned down to pass the baby to Tony, but stayed there for a second before he was kissing Tony, hand cupping his cheek. "I'll try not to take too long," Steve told him, smiling before heading for the bathroom.
Tony stretched, groaning a bit as he sat up. "He's asleep, dead to the world," Tony told him. "It's like his body just naturally ignores the laws of physics and gravity."
"No." He shook his head and held onto Tony tighter. "I'm not gonna let him hurt you." If Tony didn't have a bullet in his arm, he would have laughed at the glare that Peter sent towards the mystery man. "Don't hurt him."
“Shhh,” a gentle voice brushed past his ears. “Try to hide.” Tony bit back a whimper of pain. This voice was not one he had heard before, and there seemed to be nothing sinister behind it. It vaguely sounded like a woman’s voice to him. “Too much pain. I help.” He briefly wondered about the way that it spoke in broken sentences, but that quickly became less of a factor when the burning sensation started again. “He tries to find you. But cannot. You stay until he stops.”
Tony lay with Peter for a few hours after he went to sleep, wanting to keep the boy close, reassuring himself that he was still alright. He had thrown out the peanut butter snack, and then the peanut butter itself. He almost threw out the knife he had used, but Rhodey had taken that and thrown it in the dishwasher.
“I believe that you said some of the same things to me,” Bucky reminded him. “When you was still a little guy, and I was dating,…”
"That's right," Steve said, giving him a smile. "Only Captain America can have this shield, right?" Peter nodded. "I'm gonna need you to listen to Jarvis, and either your Daddy or I will come and get you. We want you to stay safe while we save the day."
Inside, he ordered a scotch, needing one badly now with all the cameras around him, turning when he heard his name being called by his ear. "Mr Stark?"
“I can’t say I wouldn’t agree with that,” Julie answered back, briefly running her fingers across Wade’s head. She was about to head for Wade’s bedroom when Steve shook his head a little. She frowned, then nodded as understanding dawned on her face. Julie instead moved towards the door to her bedroom and Steve followed.
"I'm so glad that you have fun, baby." Mary smiled at Peter. "You know the rules, be good for Mr Steve, do what he says. You both have our numbers, and I will call you later, alright?"
"You don't need that much room," Steve said with a chuckle. "Just a quarter of New York." Steve laughed when Tony threw a pair of Peter's socks at him, easily catching them though. "I imagine there will be more room when we finish the Tower, too."
Peter rolled the ornament back and forth between his hands, grinning as he watched it. He suddenly looked over at Mary, face very serious. "Mama, will Santa know to come here? He's never been here."
"Of course, Sir." Tony glared a little at the AI's voice. "I do believe that Mrs Parker, Mrs Fitzgerald, and Ms Wilson do intend to meet Miss Rosenfeld outside. Shall I tell them that you will be joining them?"
"Depends on the importance," Tony threw in. He glanced at his watch again. "Rachel, can I entrust the boys with you? We've got to check in with the groom as well, then I'm going to rendezvous with Pepper." Rachel shooed them off, and Tony hooked an arm with Natasha to pull her form the room as well, Steve following.
"Something like that, yeah," he nodded. He wrapped a couple of cookies individually and set them aside. "I love him, which is something I never thought I'd be able to do. Love anyone, that is. Or rather, be with someone who loves me in return." Steve pulled out a couple of containers from a crowded cabinet. He was going to make sure that Tony added more cabinet space when they remodeled the floor. All the new things they added for Jamie alone filled the spaces to max, but when Steve started cooking with Tony, he had added containers for leftovers that Tony never had had before.
Coulson cleared his throat a little, smoothing his tie down a little. "Sadly, we can't share this information with Peter-"
"Steve, listen to me, don't interrupt. I've got people with Meg, she's on her way to the hospital. Tony's suit is being transported back to the Tower. Bruce is already working to try and track Tony, and Coulson is already calling in favors to get more eyes open for him." Steve felt himself sinking down, someone guiding him to a chair. "Let me help you take care of this, because right now, you're the only one who's able to take care of Project Insight." Hill and Fury must have updated her on everything. "You've got to do this."
"Well, I'll try not to in the future, but I was trying to make myself more comfortable, too." Steve raised an eyebrow at him, but Tony shook his head. "No, this isn't about me right now, it's you time." He reached out to take Steve's other hand in his, thumb rubbing over his knuckles. "Is part of it about being a new dad? About Jamie? We never did talk about that, and that's on me. I'm-"
“It’s alright,” he tried to reassure her. Tony met Steve just inside the living room where the entrance was. “Cap.” Ruby was still out of sight, and Tony kind of hoped she stayed that way.
"Twelve percent?? How did you come up with that number?" Bruce Banner shouldn't have asked, he had known Tony for far too long to know better than that.
"You've got one more drone incoming," Natasha's voice came back over their coms suddenly. Tony noted that she sounded different. "This one looks different. It's the last one though, you're on your own boys." The transmission was cut and tony frowned.
Tony shook his head a little. It was a trap. If he breathed in too much air, he would cough again, and then he wouldn't be able to get any to his lungs, to his body. But, if he stayed like this he wouldn't get enough air to his body anyway. There was a hand gently pressing to his, lifting it and placing it on a wet, but strong chest.
Tony got up, adjusting Peter in his arms and headed to the other side of the room, Coulson falling into step just behind him. He stepped down a hall and stopped at the third door in the hall, Jarvis opening the door automatically for him. Tony turned Peter a little as the lights came up, showing Peter a fully stocked Art Room. Peter's eyes widened and Tony put him down, the little boy instantly running inside.
"Mama!" Peter squealed and curled up when Tony hit a particularly ticklish spot by his neck. Mary laughed and walked over, going to take his hands. Tony smiled and reached over to pull Mary down on the bed.
Steve snorted and shook his head a little. He glanced down when Jamie pat both her hands on his chest. "I do have some good news for you about your little one, though," Bruce added in.
"Yeah," Steve nodded, thanking the waitress when she brought over some waters for them. "I know, it's got a lot of bells and whistles on it, and I've pretty much only mastered the music app. Do you-" He lowered the menu a little to help her unlock the phone, and blinked. She had already unlocked the phone, had the music app open, and was looking through his road trip playlist.
“I’m pretty sure I just said that.” Tony narrowed his eyes at Steve and his shit eating grin. “Shouldn’t you be out in the kitchen with Peter?” Tony grumbled a little and Steve glanced over, raising an eyebrow. “I didn’t quite catch that.”
Tony took his hand away from Steve’s head and leaned over slightly to grab something. He saw Tony’s tablet come down in front of his face, and it was lighting up. “Here we go. Jarvis, lets pull up the boys first, yeah?” A camera came up, in the corner of Peter’s room, showing the interesting position that Peter had fallen asleep in. He was laying on his stomach, cheek pressed into the pillow with his mouth open slightly. Steve smiled softly. “No wonder he drinks so much in the morning, he’s drying himself out like that. I should check his pillow in the morning.”
"That's her work station," Steve explained. "She works from home. Remember that glass lampshade I put up before New Year's?" Tony nodded.
"Well, I was convinced that perhaps simpler was the better way to go," Tony replied. "Apparently, Safari's in Africa are frowned upon for seven to ten-year-olds."
Mary watched him, then pulled out her phone again. She really didn't want to send this text, but it wasn't really a choice now; this was her job. 'Gonna be late, something came up at work.'
Steve started to wake up slowly, something not sitting right. He remembered falling asleep on the couch up in the Penthouse, Jamie down for a nap, and Tony with Peter. He pulled in a breath through his nose then opened his eyes. And promptly yelped, jumping up and falling off the couch onto the floor.
"The source building isn't that close to the Tower, they shouldn't be there that fast," Captain America said, concern dipping into his voice.
"You're going to have too, Peter won't accept it any other way." Tony turned his head to look at Steve, and he saw the guarded look in his eyes. He could practically see Tony's walls rebuilding themselves in real time. "Better check in with your Handler, she should probably know about this mission, too."
Todd smiled brightly at Tony. "She's going to be a handful," he said instantly and Tony groaned lightly. "I have two of them. But, I wouldn't trade them for the world."
"Waiting for mission details," he answered her, rolling his left shoulder a little, the gears whirring in the arm. "Confirm target, Colonel Michael Wilson?"
"I remember his eyes, the same kind of slate blue." She looked between the two men who were openly staring at her. "Someone's cart had gotten away from them in the parking lot, and it was kind of icy, so it just kept on rolling. I didn't see it until someone was shouting, and it was about to hit me when he was suddenly there, stopping it." She rubbed her hands together in a nervous habit. "He didn't really say much, just asked if I was okay, and that's when I saw his eyes, then he walked off."
"I probably wouldn't have, honestly." Tony shrugged a little. "Everyone's favorite brainwashed assassin found his way into the Tower, and he went and confronted Wilson." Both Mary and Rachel looked at him with wide eyes. "Oh yes, everything gets better."
“She doesn’t like things on her feet,” Steve groaned, pressing his face into the bed when Jamie threw the sock across the room.
"Good." Steve closed his eyes again. He shifted his legs and found that they were harder to move. Peeking one eye open, he glanced down and saw that in the night Tony had tangled his legs with Steve's. Tony had claimed to not be a cuddler, but when they slept in the same bed, Tony did his best to become one entity with Steve in the middle of the bed.
Tony took a couple of silent breaths as they approached the podium, all the reporters and cameras having finished set-up. They were all standing, while all the occupants inside had chairs, benches, and cots to sit in. They seemed unaffected by the press conference about to happen, and eyed Tony, Steve, and Pepper as they walked through, curious.
“They got lucky,” Steve countered. “Everyone has to get lucky at least once.” Tony was biting his lip, wheezing in breaths as he couldn’t stop laughing.
"Tony certainly has a way with words," she chuckled. "I haven't heard about this little cutey though. Wade's only mentioned the twins."
“I’m not hunched,” Steve retaliated, leaning back in his chair now. Tony tried not to chuckle. “What brings you up here? I thought you’d be downstairs for at least a few hours more.”
“Grab me something to wear then, and I’ll make it speedy.” Steve walked backwards for a bit, looking at Bucky, then turned and headed for the showers. Bucky was positive that letting Steve get clean would be much appreciated.
Tony took the town car that Happy usually drove him around in to Mary's apartment. He had to park on the street and he looked around the neighborhood before he got out of the car. The sun was setting, there were other kids playing on the street, chasing each other around the corner, a couple of dogs barking and following them. It wasn't a busy street, a busy area, but it also didn't scream the safest place for a new, young mother to live with her infant son, alone. This was not what Tony Stark was used to, either.
“Happy Birthday, Mr Steve!” Peter grinned up at him as Steve hugged him back. ”Are we gonna watch the fireworks for your birthday?”
"Wade looks really funny when he's fast walking to the elevator." Steve walked over, leaning in to drop a light kiss on Tony's lips, trying not to get him sweaty either.
"Alright, I'm on my way," Tony answered, shooting out of the Tower, pushing the power to shorten his flight time. "Does the door swing in towards you?"
Tony watched as Steve stood up from his chair with more grace than he had seen in the man. He blinked, lost, and maybe a little turned on.
"Ah, well," Tony shrugged a little, putting his hands in his pockets. "The jet was in California, and the pilot hasn't been flying Pepper very often, so I wanted to give him a job." He knew that the pilot, and co-pilot, both had families, and while they did make a salary, Tony liked to give them bonuses for last minute flights. Such as this one. "I hope you don't mind, but I moved your lodgings from the hotel that Mary told you about, to the Manor. Peter and Mary are coming over tonight, and Peter's going to spend the night, so I thought it would be a nice surprise for him."
He was watching the footage, looking for any sign of what car Wade might be in when his phone rang. Steve nodded to the guard as he answered. “Tony?”
Steve showed Tony the text from his phone at a stop light, the boys in the back of the car talking excitedly about possibly living together. Tony knew that Peter would immediately ask Wade's mom to move in with them at the hospital. They had woken Phil up, and he was responding well. By the time they'd get back he would be fully awake, and ready for visitors. Tony smiled and nodded. "'Bout time."
"Your Mom amuses me," Tony said, smirking a little, causing Mary to hit his arm as she walked by. "I think she might be one of my most formidable foes to date!"
He closed his eyes tightly, palms rubbing at his face, and he could see them shoving Tony into a car in his mind, and driving off. Because Steve's day couldn't get any worse. The first time he saw the metal armed assassin on the roof, rage coursed through his body. He almost called Tony right then, to make sure that he didn't leave the Tower, but everything was already going to shit, and he couldn't risk being tracked.
Sooooo! This is a late chapter, because as I went to post this, I lost nearly 4000 words of it. This morning. To put that in perspective, usually, each chapter ranges about 8,000 words, sometimes more, sometimes less. I was left with just 2,500 words, and had to rewrite the chapter over. So, this chapter became a little shorter, and took a little longer. Sorry for the delay, but here it is! Next chapter will be happy times, and I'm going to back it up to three different places as I'm working on it!
Peter wrapped his arms around Tony's neck, and his legs around his waist. "Now it's stuck to my chest!" Tony laughed and dropped into a chair, arm catching Peter so he could sit in his lap. "How was school, kiddo? Get all your homework done?"
"Tell mom not to worry, we won't get into much trouble." He smiled when Mary gave him a warning look. "Go on, don't be late to work now." She hummed a little and went off with a wave.
Steve was standing there, the door closing shut behind him. He was still in the pants to his uniform, in his blue undershirt, and the cowl and shield were gone. His hair seemed to still be sticking up, so he had just pulled them off, and he was panting like he was out of breath. In his hand he held onto a little glass vase with some rather interesting looking orange flowers in it.
"I should be asking you that," Tony shot back, leaning back a little to make sure she wasn't injured. "Who just runs into a dangerous situation like that." Mary raised an eyebrow, mouth open about to say something before Tony stopped her. "That isn't already involved in said situation."
Tony could have killed him there, if he could move, as Stane leaned over him, like he still had any right to be this close to Tony. "Do you really think that just because you have an idea, it belongs to you?" Tony wanted to lash out, to throw his body at Stane, to get him as far away from his son as possible. He had made a promise to Peter, to protect him from everything. "Your father, he helped give us the atomic bomb. now what kind of world would it be today if he was as selfish as you?"
“Now that seems a little unfair,” Tony pouted. He would have thrown a bigger fuss, but he knew on some level that Steve was right. As he looked at Steve’s face, he knew that Steve also knew that, and that there was no getting around that. “Jarvis wouldn’t possibly listen to that request.”
' for probably four months after it had come out, wanting to watch it all the time. Steve was pretty sure he had the whole thing memorized, along with songs, with how many times Peter had watched it. He remembered this part of the song because Peter had announced that his Daddy had an island, and Steve thought of Tony every time he heard the song now. Had the movie come out before Steve had figured out who Peter's Dad was, claiming to own an island would have raised an eyebrow, now it wasn't much of a shock.
"You're the one who opened your mouth," Steve whispered when he walked by with the other two plates of food. "You brought this on yourself."
"You are the first person to shamelessly accept my offer of something that could potentially get expensive." Tony was used to being turned down when he offered a gift, or to help with something. So much so that he usually just went about and bought whatever it was he wanted to give to someone, and never mention the price.
They didn't look happy, Clint not even attempting to mask it from his expression. "Captain," he finally forced out. Steve stared at Natasha, not breaking gaze once, before she finally gave the tiniest of nods.
"I thought it'd take a lot longer for you to get used to that nice of a bed," Tony told him. He waved a hand over the panel by the main door and the workshop went dark.
"Yeah? I remember some of the jokes that you told me," Tony said, smiling at him. Peter's fingers traced the circles of the arc reactor.
They had both ‘dressed down’, jeans and a t-shirt, sunglasses, and Steve wearing his baby accessory. They had brought a stroller, of course, but they both figured that it would be easier for everyone to just use the wraps and carriers with Jamie, taking turns carrying her and going with Peter on the rides that Jamie couldn’t go on. It was easier to keep an eye on Jamie this way as well, no chances of someone, (Hydra), snatching her from a carrier. Steve was also insistent that she wear a wide brimmed sun hat, along with baby sunscreen. He was a model protective parent.
"I may not be able to cook much, or well, but what I do know how to make, it's made very well." Tony turned to face Steve with his own mug. "Little bits of my childhood that I remember fondly. Let's move out to the TV, mindless media calls for us." Tony moved before Steve could say anything else.
“Sadly, we don’t get what we want,” she said softly. “But we roll with the curves, and we make life our bitch afterwards.” She tapped his cheek gently on one side. “Make a phone call if you have, too. You know what to do if it gets too bad.” Steve knew that she was referring to the therapist that he still on on call.
"I'm sure that it'll drive Tony crazy that someone was able to get past Jarvis as well," Natasha said as she looked between the two men. "Steve, I think that you should stay here while Clint and I go back to report to Fury."
"What did happen, ma'am?" He asked her, blue eyes looking for an answer she probably wasn't going to be able to give.
“This Tony Stark,” Pepper started, motioning to him as he tried to take Jamie’s shoes before she threw them. “This Tony is different than any other Tony I’ve known before. I like this Tony Stark the best.”
"Mary said I could trust you," Tony tried pass it off with a shrug. "No need to go digging where there was no dirt."
"Yeah, of course." Steve hugged Peter a little when the little boy laid his head on his shoulder, looking at Tony. Tony reached forward with his good arm, bopping Peter's nose.
"Well, years of self-defense training," Tony shrugged a little. Steve let go of Tony, but stayed next to him on the bed, just in case.
"How about some chicken and penne?" Rhodey said from inside the pantry, holding up a box of pasta. "Feels kind of Italian?"
“I was young,” she told them. “Probably started my first class when I was seven or eight. It was my Aunt’s idea, thought that maybe I would make more friends if I did stuff outside of school.”
The first thing Steve had done after Mary left was search the apartment for bugs, or any type of listening device, or camera. When he didn't find anything, although he found a lot of stuff that he was going to ask Mary about, he felt a little better. He looked inside the icebox to see that it was actually empty, and decided that he would have to make a list of groceries. He found some paper and a pen in the study, and took it out to the dining room table, wanting to be closer to the front door. Steve pulled out a separate piece of paper to write out questions that he had as well, such as if groceries were still rationed out with stamps. It was clear that there was a freedom with money again, judging by the car that Mary drove; it seemed very luxurious.
They found the office to Dr D. Cavanaugh and walked in, Steve pulling out the initial paperwork that Tony had pre-filled out, handing it the receptionist. They were told that it would be a few minutes, so Steve led Tony towards a loveseat. “You should give me your phone.” Tony raised an eyebrow at Steve at the suggestion. “You won’t be able to use it as a distraction, and you know that I will come in if there’s an emergency.”
“I think you don’t get anything unless you’ve earned it,” Bucky barked back, standing behind Steve’s shoulder.
"It's a prototype," Tony started. "It's going to be a tower, one that runs off of clean energy." Mary tilted her head, curious. "Not connected to any power grid, self-sustaining."
Tony gently pushed open the door to Peter's room, seeing the little boy start to turn, waking up slowly. He walked in, sitting on the side of the bed, hand reaching over to gently rub his back. peter yawned, rolling onto his back, Tony biting his lip seeing the little face scrunched up in sleep. Sleepy eyes opened and saw Tony, then Peter smiled. Tony felt something nearly explode with warmth in his chest and he reached over to pick up Peter.
"Yeah, but he's usually joining you in those fights," Bucky fired back easily. "He needs you to take care of him, too, Punk."
"Give her a chance at life," Tony growled at him. And then Wanda's hands were at his head again and he was backing up into the wall.
“Forty-two??” Steve looked at Tony with big eyes. He had seen some of the suits, and the more recent ones weren’t just upgrades of the current Iron Man armor. They were different colors, different body styles, they looked like they all had different functions. Steve was sure that there were multiple hidden functions. “The one that I walked in on, thirty-nine? That one looks almost like it was space grade.”
Steve was trying to stick a sandwich in Tony's mouth, trying to get him to slow down, but Tony had an agenda planned out. The two of them were on one of the empty living floors, the smell of fresh paint still lingering a tiny bit, and movers were bring in furniture and boxes.
Tony snorted as he stood up from the bed, cracking his shoulders and back. "Like father, like son, huh?" He and Bruce headed back down to the lab.
"You do know that what happened yesterday wasn't his fault, right?" Steve asked. He could feel the evil eye from his Ma as he talked to a woman like this, but she was directing her anger and emotions in the wrong direction. "What happened to Mary wasn't his fault either."
And while Tony was excited about the start of this new project, he was even more excited to see that enough cameras had backed off enough that they weren't surrounding the site, or the Manor, anymore. Tony was nearly giddy when he discovered that he would be able to sneak out of the house again.
"The pavilions," Bruce said, moving forward. "If they're structured just right..." Jarvis started moving things around for them. "Protons and Neutrons."
“This kid here, I swear.” Tony wrapped his arms around Peter and started to tickle his sides. Peter squealed with laughter and wiggled around. “He has so much energy!”
Steve knew he was tearing up as his vision blurred briefly, but he felt the stretch on his face from his smile. “Yeah, baby girl, that’s me. That’s my name.” He rocked back a little, sitting on his feet, feeling content and free, even if for just a minute. Movement in front of him pulled his attention back to Tony and Peter, the older man leaning in to whisper something in Peter’s ear, then patting his back as the boy jumped up. Peter pressed a kiss to Steve’s cheek before running from the room and down the hall.
"What was that?" She whispered, before moving to crawl closer to him. "I could not see where you were, but I could feel something." She held up her hand and saw a shimmer of blue swirl through the red. "You have been controlled before." She smiled at him again. "I can use that."
"It won't be for long, though." Tony tried to keep Peter confident, distracted from what could be really happening outside. "Cap, Widow, and Hawkeye are on their way."
"There's, uh, there's an ER half a mile that way." The two men looked over at Meg's shaky voice. "That was intense." Steve leaned over, gently patting her arms, and checking her over for any injuries. "I'm okay, just not sure that my legs are going to support me right now."
"Dadddddddy," Peter whined when he couldn't get past Tony. Tony was talking quietly with someone outside, and Steve was curious. Tony peered over his shoulder, smirking at Peter, then moved as he opened the door.
Tony had all but spilled out of the elevator as he made his way to his workshop. It was his safe place, his haven. The Iron Man suits were there, his bots were there, his distractions were there. "Jarvis, black out mode," Tony forced out as soon as he slipped into the work area, leaning against the doors. "Emergencies only." The AI didn't say anything, but the glass went dark. He slid down to the ground slowly, closing his eyes and trying to catch his breath.
Mary nodded and she started the car. He frowned a little. "It certainly is. All the work that you did back in World War II, it went very far, it helped the Allies win the war." She noted that he was looking around the inside of the car when she put it into drive. "Is something wrong?"
"Maybe wait and see what subjects he'll be best at during school," Tony thought out loud, heading back over towards the Mark II armor. "Let's continue with the mobility tests today, J."
"It's safe to assume that Strucker knew everything that Howard had tried, right?" Coulson asked, leaning away from the screen now. "He'd know that Howard had given Tony some form of the Serum." Both the scientists nodded. "So, why not activate Tony's own Serum?"
"I'm enjoying it, though." Tony grinned. Steve moved his leg to wrap his ankle around Tony's. He eventually ended up continuing to feed Tony every so often, to keep the genius from stealing the food from his plate. Tony repaid the favor though by sharing his dessert with Steve. All the while, Jarvis playing Christmas songs softly.
Tony growled, then screamed as he pulled against the mental restraints. There was crack, a large pop, and he was stumbling forward onto the counter. With a glance back he saw Wanda on her knees, hand to her head. He didn't delay, scooping an arm in to wrap about the baby and the blankets, and held her to his chest as he moved to the other end of the counter to scoop up the vials. Turning in a semi-circle he reached around the grab the journal, and small knife, from the desk and bound out of the room and into the hall.
"A SHIELD agent," Mary shot back. "Are you okay, though?" She lightly touched the cut that was around his eye. It had been cleaned and was looking much better than before, and they had put a couple of bandages over it too, hiding it a bit better.
"Oh no! Oh, I want to see that happen!" Tony had to lean against the couch as he laughed. "This is what your crappy music gets you!"
"Now I really like her if she can pull that reaction from you," Mary said with a smile. Steve just let out a soft groan before closing his sketchbook.
"I think Peter and Wade look very handsome," Rachel said, leaning down to straighten Wade's bow tie. Wade beamed with a wide smile. "I wonder though, how did you get talked into wearing those shoes, Captain?"
But then I remind you all that I'm evil. But, more Bucky! And Peter and Wade! I am slowly, slowly, starting to give Tony space to breath. And eventually we'll leave the month of May..... May usually seems like a busy time in this series.
Tony tapped his screwdriver on the tabletop, waiting for Jarvis to pull up the mission report. Peter was at school, would be getting out late as he and Wade had joined the newly fledged chess team, or were at least trying out for it. Mary and Coulson would be gone until the next weekend, Bruce was in South America, Barton, and now Romanoff, were off on missions for SHIELD. Tony was alone in the Tower, again.
“There’s, there’s sound, I mean, color, both?” Tony’s hand pulled Steve down, chest to chest, and he jerked his hips up into Steve’s hand. “When there’s sound, voices, moans, it’s color right now. Steve, I need you move more, please!” Steve’s chest moved as he chuckled, and Tony moaned, tipping his head back. “I am having a sensory overload, and I’m so damned touch sensitive right now that you’re driving me crazy!”
"You're not going to turn into a weather villain," Steve told him. Tony flopped down on the couch in the workshop. "It's just a couple of days."
Mary held out a thumb drive to him without saying a word. He raised an eyebrow and took it, reaching for his tablet from the coffee table. "That might get your boyfriend home sooner." He raised both eyebrows and plugged it into the tablet. It was nearly the end of February now, and Steve and Natasha were still no closer to finding the location of the research lab, or coming back to New York. "It’s got an encryption on it that we can't touch without it frying all the information on it."
There was a pause on the phone. "Tony?" Her sleepy voice echoed through the workshop. "What time is it?"
Tony hummed a little. "Avengers meeting time." Steve nodded, grabbing the little glass to fill with water so he could rinse his mouth. "Bruce said he'd probably have some test results ready early afternoon, too."
What Tony had not been expecting to walk in the door was a woman that looked vaguely familiar. When he lifted his sunglasses a little, he remembered her from nearly a year ago, but it was her honey colored eyes, and the brown hair that had been curled around her shoulders when they first met. He was pretty sure that his nearly drunken brain at the time thought it would be a good idea to sleep with someone that looked like him, you know, if he was a female.
"Wow, Tony Stark." Tony almost jumped at the voice and he tilted his head to see the familiar woman standing there. He remembered her, briefly. "Fancy seeing you here."
Three months passed, and then, there was a flurry of activity. Jarvis had the robots moving again, people were coming over to restock the kitchen, to clean the mansion. Pepper came over with Happy, a smile on her face.
"I think I'm owed a moment to see to him," Tony growled out. "Mary would be demanding the same thing if she were here right now, and Peter was with him when Loki attacked him. I have a right to see him." Fury looked ready to shoot Tony down, but he wasn't done yet. "My son was put in danger because of the secrets that your organization had, his mother is now in a coma because of your actions, and I put my life on the line to help clean up your mess and save the world! I think you all owe me!"
"He's my AI, well, he's the voice in my house," Tony explained. "He helps run the house. J, say hi."
"We had perfected using mirrors and sunlight." Steve grunted as he landed a punch to one of the gunmen.
Tony simultaneously loved and hated that voice, that tone. He swallowed and closed his eyes, feeling a familiar prickling starting to build up behind his lids. "Strangely emotional," Tony croaked out. He sniffed a little when he felt Steve's finger threading through Tony's hair. "How did you stick by me all week without wanting to throw me out of a window?"
"No, but what's coming out of your mouth, it sounds like responsibility." Mary narrowed her eyes at him a little, studying him.
"I think I'm going to need it," he chuckled and waved a bit as the doors closed again, and was headed down to the lobby. He briefly wondered if it would look odd bringing the security guard out with him. Todd would be-
Tony gasped, sitting up in the cot, in the dark cold cave, the battery attached to his chest. His hands shook as he looked down, seeing the familiar blue of the arc reactor, the new arc reactor. But why were there wires attached to it? Tony blinked his eyes rapidly, looking around, his eyes adjusting from the light of the arc reactor to the dark of the cave. Not again, he wouldn't be caught in a cave again.
Tony pulled his hand up, fingers resting lightly on Steve's arm. "I am a glorified, volcanic, mess, Steve. My baggage? My baggage has its own penthouse with little baggage babies, and grandbabies. I come with a kid, that will always be first in my life, and I can't say that I can ever put you before him, or anyone. Your life was stolen from you, and you have a chance at getting it back now-"
Peter giggled when Steve reached around and wrapped an arm around Peter's middle, picking him up, carrying him under his arm. "Ma'am, I think you lost something in the elevator." Steve smiled at Mary as he walked onto their floor. Peter let his body become dead weight, flopping as Steve walked.
"I did, but I'm back now," he smiled at him, walking over to the little group. "Did you eat all your food?"
"Daddy says that family has to take care of family," Peter said firmly. "That must be why he brought you here so fast. He wants you to help Mama, too."
Tony frowned a little. Again, he hadn’t been expecting that. No money, not demanding they move in together, get married, whatever she could do to use him or his money. Just, spend time with the baby? He studied her for a few seconds, trying to get a read on if she was telling the truth, or trying to play the long game.
Tony flew back to the attacked floor and saw Steve standing closer to the window, looking like he was inspecting something, his shield on his back. Tony flew a bit closer then frowned. “Hey, Cap, are you-“
Tony met Steve in the hallway on the way to Julie's, Peter in his arms, asleep on his shoulder. He had gotten a call from Coulson that Rachel was out of surgery, but the next twelve hours would really be the most telling for her condition. She was stable, but not awake. They would be staying at the hospital overnight. Steve then texted him to meet him upstairs, than it might be better if Peter spent the night with Wade. Something was up.
Hullo!! Yes it's been a while hasn't it my lovelies?? SO yes, there is going to be another part to this series, and coming soon. I promise! I have indeed seen both Civil War and Infinity War, and all the movies in between, and will be working those in in their own way. As usual, there are no worries about spoilers with the more recent movies. I like to give about between 6-10 months after a movie comes out before I started using spoiler-y items in my stories, giving everyone a chance to either see it or learn about it.
"Is he okay??" She turned and got closer to Tony, her voice a little higher, her head swiveling around to look for Peter. Tony put his hands on her forearms, trying to still her.
"Maybe people just like putting their mouth on you." Tony kissed his neck again, smiling against his skin. "With a baby attached to you, I know I can't keep away from you." Tony moved around to the front of Steve, red sunglasses on, dressed down in jeans, an old band tee, and a black jacket, smirking at Steve, and he ran his fingers through Jamie's hair. "Can I just parade you around with me? That's it, I just want to show you off."
"We're not using his money," Steve said as he pulled his pants up, tucking the shirt in. "Although, with what I have in mind, it would be easier to-"
"Not with furniture needing to be moved, and there's still boxes coming in, and I know everything is labeled-" Steve cut off Tony's rambling with a quick kiss.
“You’re here to do the little paperwork stuff until Dr Cavanaugh comes?” The woman looked up at him, putting on a pleasant smile. She folded her hands over her knee. “Is he not coming? Because a friendly call from the office would have been nice.”
"Tony." He was suddenly turned around by a hand on his arm. Steve had stepped into the cordoned off area. "Come on, let's go back upstairs."
“We gotta learn how to protect our family!” Peter barreled on next. “If we start when we’re young then we’ll only get better! And we’ll know how to use it all for good! How am I going to help take care of Jamie if running and hiding doesn’t work?” Wade glanced at Peter, then leaned in to whisper in his ear. Steve strained to listen, but frowned a little when it wasn’t a language he recognized. Peter shook his head a little and looked back at Wade. He murmured something else quietly, then Wade let out a little huff, then shrugged and nodded.
"No, no, you want me to talk about feelings, and emotions, and stuff like that." Tony hadn't moved away from the bar.
Steve walked back out to the living room, lemonade and water in his hands, and saw that the opening credits to a movie were on pause. He plopped down on the couch and Peter leaned over to pull him closer, so that Steve was leaning against Tony's bent legs. "Thank you for the drink, Mr Steve." Steve smiled and ruffled his hair a little, smiling when Peter wiggled away to settle back against Tony. Tony snorted and rolled his eyes, a smirk on the corner of his lips, and wrapped the blanket back around them.
Tony frowned and pulled his hand down, looking at the older man. "I used to get them all the time," William admitted. "After I got back from my tours of duty, PTSD."
"Did you get hurt?" Peter asked softly, not pressing down on the marks, just in case they hurt his Daddy.
The elevator doors opened, and Tony was stepping out, holding the doors to let mother and son in, before he hurried over to Steve. He pressed a hand to Steve’s cheek, eyes taking in the blood stains. “What happened?”
Steve looked up into the sky immediately as the soldiers fell, lifeless. He needed to see the red and gold of the suit, he needed to see Tony! He felt Thor's gaze on him. The portal was open for too long, if they waited much longer then the destruction that the nuke was wreaking to the chitauri would come back, and Tony's sacrifice would have been for naught.
"They put in a little self-destruct sequence for us." Tony grinned a little. "Alright, first one to the device gets the honor of-" Tony turned when an alarm blared to the side of the HUD, and a something was slamming into the chest plate and throwing him back. The HUD of the helmet flickered before going dark. Tony drew in a deep breath and quickly reached up, catching the latches and forcibly pushed the helmet off. The light of the sun hit his face and he let out a breath. Then he remembered where he was. "Shit."
“Daddy!” Peter called from the SUV and Tony was nearly running, trying not to stumble, for the door. Widow steadied him with a hand to his shoulder briefly before Tony was leaning inside the car. Peter had his arms wrapped around Jamie as he held her close, Wade in front of them with his arms up, hands clenched into fists.
Mary followed Coulson down the hallway after stepping out of the elevator. Coulson seemed almost giddy and Mary had raised an eyebrow. She never saw him like this when they were at work."Not that this isn't important, but it isn't something that could have waited until tomorrow?" She caught up and walked next to him, purposely making their arms bump once.
Steve dropped next to Tony, leaning over him to kiss him, Tony pulling a soft moan as he deepened the kiss. "Feeling better about it now that you're here." Steve took a second to just breathe in Tony, his cologne, with the undercurrents of metal and spice that always seemed to follow the man around. "Not that I'm not happy to see you here, but I am wondering why you were so insistent."
"I actually like to think of myself as human." Steve brought over Tony's meds and a glass of water for him. He sat down next to Tony, leaning over to kiss him again after he had taken the pills. Tony leaned into the kiss, resting his forehead against Steve's even after their lips broke apart. "How are you feeling?" Steve asked in a soft voice.
“You wanted to ask because you think the reason for all the new suits is tied to that,” Tony said. “I think that’s what you meant to say.”
"Then the Son of Coul will make a full recovery?" Thor asked, a smile on his face. Steve nodded, and Thor's smile brightened more. "I am glad that the Gods smile upon him so kindly."
Iron Man was landing back on the stage, and Steve raised an eyebrow when the stage started to move, platforms rising up, showing what looked to be robots, drones, of some kind. Tony turned to look at them, the audience cheering, thinking it was part of the show. Steve knew better. Mary, and Tony in the press, had made it explicitly clear, Tony didn't make weapons anymore. He looked up the newly branded War Machine, piloted by Colonel Rhodes, touched down on stage next to him. It looked like the two best friends were having a conversation, before suddenly War Machine and the drones all pointed their arms, and weapons, at Tony.
"Can you tell me where you are, Tony?" They needed to get him out of his head, away from the flashbacks.
"But not what happened with Steve?" Tony raised an eyebrow at Natasha. "I'm just saying, you don't have to treat this the same. Steve knows about Peter, and Peter knows about him, so there's nothing to hide, or to try and protect."
“No,” Tony forced his feet to move until he was eventually running in the direction he thought he heard Steve yelling from. Not the kids, he had to get to the kids. Tony tripped on the uneven ground, tucking himself up so he could roll, and was trying to push himself up again. Until a large hand was grasping his upper arm, pulling him up to his feet. “Ste-“ Tony turned, the other man’s name on his lips, but he froze when he saw who the hand belonged too.
"Sometimes I don't notice the right things," Tony said under his breath. "Back to the talking point, you're doing a great job so far. Better than I did when Peter was her age. You've kind of handled this whole surprise Dad situation better than a lot of people would have."
"Sir," Jarvis spoke after a moment, into the silence of the shattered glass of his workshop. "Ms Parker is on the line."
Steve wiped down the counter after putting the used dishes in the dishwasher, then reached over to pick up Jamie, pushing the jumper into the far corner for now. He could see that Tony was engrossed in the footage by the small frown on his face, and figured he had another minute or so before he would notice what Steve had seen.
"Practicing in one of my Iron Man suits, probably." Tony brushed off the Mark IV armor a little before closing the glass doors again. "Had to make a deal with the military before they broke down the doors. But, only Rhodey can use the suit, so I feel moderately okay about that."
Tony nodded a little. "If you need a place to lay low from the cameras, you can stay here," Tony said, kicking himself. What the hell, Stark? "You can have the best view of the city all the time, staying here."
Tony turned and wrapped his hands around Steve's, following the motion. "J, raise temperature ten degrees," Tony said gently, looking down at Steve's hands. The vents above them started spilling out warm air. "I can't guarantee that it'll stay like that for long," Tony started to follow up. "The workshop has to stay temperature regulated, specially when production is going. And, I uh, I can't handle a certain temperature. Reminds me of the desert. But I'm not a huge fan of the cold either, again, desert."
Tony brushed his shirt a little, trying to smooth it out a bit, before heading out into the hall. "Pancakes!" He heard Peter shout excitedly. Tony pulled out his phone, pulling up the recording option. "But it's not Saturday!"
“Language,” Steve intoned again and Tony slowly turned his head to look at Steve, and amused smile on his face.
“As far as I know she’s had no contact with any of my family. We have the same Dad, but she was born in America, and he never really wanted anything to do with her,” she shrugged. “I’ll give you her contact information, but, we haven’t really talked since the twins were born.”
Steve was halfway out the room before Natasha put a hand on his arm. "You should have talked to me about this one beforehand," he told her, expression halfway to disappointed.
“You two were made for each other,” Pepper said, shaking her head. “This is why I stay in California, so all I have to worry about is the company. I’m putting all of the PR team on you- no, I’m hiring a new team, just for you two.”
"I'm thinking that I stopped a mad-man," Tony answered, not looking at Pepper, watching the roads, timing how long until they got to the airstrip.
"Another science experiment gone wrong, boys," Natasha said as the quinjet landed, Clint in the pilot's seat. Steve and Tony stepped on board. Steve was still insisting that Tony stay close to someone when he left the building, just in case the assassin was still watching him. They didn't believe that he had given on taking out Tony so easily, but that of course Tony would beef up his security. That apparently meant not flying the Iron Man suit ahead of the other Avengers.
“I’d say that it would be a miracle if we make it past Christmas without something happening,” Steve whispered so he didn’t wake up Jamie, or the twins. “But, I’ll be happy if we can make it past Peter’s birthday. Preferably past Jamie’s first birthday.” Steve turned his head a little to look at Bucky. “How’s Meg doing?”
"I'm a Bounty Hunter, who stole a lightsaber!" He grinned, reaching over for another chimichanga before Julie grabbed the plate to help him.
“Flaaare,” she trilled out quietly, but happily. Tony grinned at her, then grinned at Vee. This was his family, and he would protect them to the end.
"I'm not worried about Agent or Mary getting dressed on time, but I feel that I must ask about my wayward son, and his best friend." Tony groaned when Pepper just smiled at him. "Where are they?"
"She's good, she's been doing this for years, honestly." Tony looked over Peter's shoulder, watching him do his math homework. He smirked a little, proudly, as his son was working through them like it was elementary- well, like it was nothing for the little boy. "And, it frees me up enough to be there, more, for you and Peter," Tony added quietly.
"A week at most," Bruce answered, cleaning his glasses out of habit. "Jarvis can help me start to separate the compounds in the samples, and try to recreate a formula."
"But, we're all boys here," Wade said, looking suspiciously innocent. "We all have the same boy parts." Peter giggled in Tony's arm. "And no one takes that long to put on pants."
"You know the rules," Peter told him, nodding like it was the simplest thing. "Only on Saturdays, or birthdays, or really special days!"
"-and you're going to lay down and get some sleep." Tony finished and grabbed Steve's tablet. "I'm going to lay next to you, and use this, and stare adoringly, and creepily, while you sleep."
“What if they come back? They’re not going to stop searching for this place, just because they can’t get access to my head anymore.” He looked over at her. His brain was in full activity mode. The only other person he talked to like this, about this subject, was Jarvis. It almost felt good to get it off his chest, and he knew that even if Danielle wouldn’t understand the science behind it all, she wouldn't judge him. “I know what’s out there, I’ve seen it. Took a bomb straight up into space to meet them, and then played an unwilling host to them for more than a year after that. There has to be a way to be ready for them. I know that we’re not going to be able to hold them back.”
BTW, the cherry allergy, specifically to maraschino cherries, is completely true. I have it. It's so fun when it freaks your friends out, too. They limit my cherry intake.
“I’m sorry, baby,” Steve murmured against the side of her head, peppering her with soft kisses. “I’m sorry, I’ve got you now.” He started to rub her back when she started to hiccup. “Yeah, you’re okay now. Let’s go see Daddy.” She nodded a little, hands gripping his shirt tightly. Steve caught Bruce and Bucky’s eyes, nodding to them before moving back to the bedroom. He knew that Bruce would want to come and check on Tony, but it looked like the scientist was willing to wait.
The man in black stayed silent. Tony could make out that there was a mask on his face past the glare of the setting sun shining past him. "Well, if you used that to help you get in, then it must work, so not Hammer. Probably a good move. Maybe I should get into the prosthetic game, bet I could make something better."
"I'm not getting sleep anytime soon," Tony told him, but kept going on so Steve couldn't question him. "And getting stuff that you'll need for Jamie is going to be more important. So, while I'm at my meeting, which has nothing to do with the business, you should take Jamie to Bruce. When I get back we'll go out and buy probably too much stuff, and I won't even bother to listen to you try and tell me to not spend the money. And when we get back, we'll have to prepare for Peter coming home." Tony had effortlessly moved from Steve's arms to grab his coffee again, mouth still moving a mile a minute. "And we'll have to contact the hospital in DC, because we can't leave Meg down there for long, and we have to find out when she can be discharged. Let's just convert the floor above my workshop into an artist studio for both of you. I'll need your input and direction, but I think it would be good. You can take Peter there for lessons-"
“As far as I could tell, someone hacked into the school’s system, and names were added to Wade’s file.” Tony turned so he could lean back against Steve’s chest now, relaxing and dropping his head back against Steve’s shoulder. “They had looked into Peter’s file, but hadn’t altered it. There’s no way the school would have known, but I’m also not trusting their safety to such a weak security system. I won’t take a chance on this happening again.” Steve nodded and kissed him again. “It’s almost time to start making dinner, so we should go wake up Jamie so she’ll sleep through the night.”
“What is Strange doing to help him?” Mary said immediately, moving over to the bed. She slipped on the bed next to him, brushing the hair from Tony’s head. “When is he going to wake up?”
“Tony’s thinking about pulling Peter from school until next week,” Steve whispered to Julie as they all walked back inside, Todd making sure the door was shut and secure. “Honestly, I think he’s ready to Home School them until Middle School.”
"What was supposed to go into the Tower?" Steve asked as he started to hand some of Peter's clothes to Tony.
Tony looked up and followed Steve’s eyes to the suit. While most of it was the bare bones of any suit, the arms and chest were covered in white and dark grey armoring, and there was the beginnings of a jet pack on the back. “This has been in here all day, actually been in here most of the week.”
Tony stood up, charging up the suit for a center blast, straight to the reactor in Vanko's suit. The shield hit Vanko a third time, and Tony let loose the unibeam shot. He hit the reactor and Tony saw it explode, short circuiting the suit with satisfaction. Vanko went down, sparking, and Tony walked over, pulling the helmet off of him.
“Did you just ‘Language’ me?” He smirked, and leaned his elbow on the table, about to put his chin on his fist, but Steve pushed his elbow off the table. “And you got my elbows off the table!”
“Eeeeeeveeeee!! Veeee!” Tony closed his eyes tight, hand clenching the counter of the bar. Luckily his soft cries were hidden over Steve Rogers calls of joy. He quickly left the room, his heart feeling like it was breaking in his chest as Vee was reunited with her Steve. He wanted to get to his room and drink away the sounds of Vee and Steve.
"Pretty sure he's going to want to get his hands on Jamie again," Tony commented. "I'm half way sure he had used the last of Cap's DNA, so he can't try another clone." The both walked out towards the lab when the elevator stopped. "I wasn't able to get more information about what they were doing down there, but it seemed like a pretty big operation."
"Yes." Or not. "In fact, involving yourself is exactly what I would expect you to do. Throwing yourself into the thick of it so that you don't actually have to think about it means, a distraction for you."
“I’m putting an embargo on entering my head,” Tony decided. “You people are already driving me crazy.”
Pietro leaned in a little and Steve tried to pull back. “She looks just like you, unsurprisingly.” Steve almost growled at him, and Pietro nearly smirked.
"I have to get back to my son, let's make this quick, Rhodey." They both aimed their weapons, his repulsor's charging up, and the garden was awash with flashes, and bullets. Tony and Rhodey moved in a circle, backs to each other, like the well-oiled machine that they could be after years of knowing each other.
"Someone's gotta do it," Tony said. His tone wasn't bitter, sounded more,... resigned, than anything. "Since I can't do it at all, and I know that Peter likes you, I'm not too worried."
Tony tightened his jaw a little, then the words forced themselves out. Mary had a way with him. "Yeah, I'm not thrilled about it, wasn't when you first announced it. Didn't mean I wasn't happy for you, that I am happy for you, you deserve to have that happiness again. And I know it couldn't have been easy for you to even get back into a relationship so soon after your last one, ending the way it did." Mary shrugged and nodded at the same time. "But, this one affects me, too, and it's completely selfish, and childish, of me."
A soft knock at the door drew Tony's attention, and he saw Bruce standing there with Coulson. Tony glanced at the clock on the wall. He had been laying with Peter for nearly three hours. The arc reactor should be done by now with the preliminary tests.
"Just hand him here, I'll have to show you everything." Steve passed Peter over to Mary, and he couldn't keep his laugh in anymore.
"Peter." Steve moved, tilted Peter's head up a little by his chin. "I'm going to help your Daddy, but I need to keep you safe as well." Steve moved his arm, holding the shield, to show it to Peter, watching the little boy take a second to process what he was looking at, then his eyes widened.
"How are the girls, Todd?" Tony asked, pausing a bit at the security station. He stuck his hand out as Todd stood up, both men smiling as their hands met. The single father that Tony had met at the community center before the press conference about Peter, right after the Battle, had indeed called Tony to take him up on the job offer. The Tower was being rebuilt and so Tony offered him a position in the city, and almost a year later the man was working his way up to head of security in the building. He and Happy talked a lot.
Mary took a couple deep breaths, then looked at Steve. "Oh, lord, you're serious." Steve nodded. "I think I'm going to need more details. I know you and Tony have been tight lipped about most things that happened back at the Manor when-"
"Hi Daddy!" Peter ran over, jumping up, wrapping his arms around Tony's waist, his legs around Tony's leg.
Tony jerked, turning his body in spot, but didn’t see anything, or anyone, around him. A wave of blues and purples rippled on his side and he turned his head to try and follow it. It seemed like more stars seemed to appear, twinkling at him, but it didn’t seem as sinister as he had once felt. He bit back a gasp when he felt a burning in his fingers and palms. The heat tried to race up his arms, but was rerouted just past his wrists. It was like a bug caught under a jar, running about to try and find an exit, causing more pain in his hands.
“Your Papa is so considerate,” Pepper said as she cooed at Jamie in her lap, ignoring Tony. “Dressing you in an outfit that I picked out. He’s a good man, yes he is.”
“It’s Disney, everything is overpriced.” Tony snorted and nodded. “Go on, have fun, have a good birthday. And relax, Tony. You’ve earned it.” She kissed his cheek and Tony gave her a small smile.
"He shoved me away," he heard Mary's mother hiss to her husband in the hallway. "Nearly slammed me into the dresser, he shouldn't be coddled-"
So, the response from the last chapter blew me away! Thank you everyone! So this story will officially become a series. I have an idea of where I want this one to end, where it'll feel natural, and then I'll probably launch right into the next story. Most of them will be multi-chapter fics, and I'll throw in some one-shots here and there. Most will probably be scenes that occur during time-jumps, or stuff that just doesn't fit into a chapter. I can't wait guys! So, here is a special, fun, chapter for you all!
alarm is going off." She got up from the couch. "Talk it out, because I'm not coming back until you two have come to some kind of agreement. There's already too much tension in this building."
Tony paused a little in his playing, leaning back against Steve. “My mom used to play a lot, she wanted me to learn as a kid. I wanted to play the violin, but she said that a pianist’s fingers would be valued more.” He reached up one hand, rubbing Steve’s cheek to bring his head closer. “She would be appalled at all the calluses that I have now. My fingers didn’t turn out as longer and slender as she would have liked. I never did have the perfect poise to play like the masters.”
"You can tell them not to worry about it," Bucky said after a couple moments silence. The others looked at him. "He won't be sending anyone else."
"Thanks for taking Peter today," Mary said, moving forward to kiss the cheeks of her folks. "We'll talk tomorrow."
"Yeah," the man nodded. "Not sure what kind of housing they'll be getting us though, so many places destroyed, not many left open." He wrinkled his nose a little. "Not really looking to move too far away, finding a new job is hard enough, but finding one that works around my girls is even harder."
"An inspiration to us all, Stark." Tony heard the click of the safety coming off the weapon. "I'm not patient though. I'll still get-" The man slammed to the ground, the gun falling from his hands, and an all too familiar red, white, and blue shield was flying in the air.
“Well, you had plan enough to shore up a babysitter for the kids,” Steve commented as he slid in the car.
“Someone’s ambitious,” Tony said, leaned his shoulder against Steve now. He bit his lip a little and Steve shifted his eyes to look at him. Steve pressed a kiss to his cheek before leaning his head against Tony’s. “Feels a little weird, not having to get little Bit up from a nap, or get dinner ready for Peter. I was still adjusting to him being back in school.”
"Oh, you're so generous, Mr Stark." Steve rolled his eyes, walking towards the back door to grab three sets of coats. "I'm so happy that you approve of my friends."
"You're going to have to keep a low profile now, unless you want to announce your identity," Mary said, looking over at him. "I'll be staying here with Peter, and Phil, until I'm 100%."
He sat down on the edge of the chair by the bed, and took the sling off from around his neck, the strap starting to rub at the skin. He flexed his fingers a little and held up his bandaged wrist. "Your wonder boy did this, by the way," Tony said softly. Tony took a breath. "I could really use you right now, Mary," he whispered. He rested his arms on his knees, looking down. "I don't know what to do. You've always been the better parent, and all I seemed to do was bring more trouble." Tony felt a tingle behind his eyes, and tried to push it back. "And I shouldn't even be the one sitting here. Agent should be here, doing this, talking to you, nursing you back to health. He would know what to do. I approved, by the way, of you and him. Wish I would have told him."
"We are so having a serious talk about this at the hospital," Steve told her before jumping to his feet. "Stay here, I'm going to get the car." He took off running, applying his Super Soldier training to speed up.
Speaking of, I'm putting out feelers on who might be interested in some type of podcast exploring the characters of the MCU? Exploring more into the reasons why someone might or might not have reacted the way they did in the movies, and now series, and digging into what worked, what didn't, what should have been different. Also looking into getting feedback about why some liked actions, why others didn't, like why some ppl were Team Cap, and other were Team Stark. I want to see this as like a live thing where I get feedback while it's happening, or even putting out information, then asking the big questions to follow up on the next time. It might stream on Twitch while also going out in Podcast format.
"I'm not convinced." Tony leaned over, stealing a kiss from Steve before digging into his breakfast. It had been three days since they had both found themselves in Tony workshop, breaking down barriers, (and discussing what their baggage babies would look like), and they hadn't done much more than steal kisses as they passed in other in the Tower. It may not be happening in the gym anymore, but Steve didn't fail to notice that Tony only did it when they were alone.
"But you didn't," Bruce told him forcefully. "You didn't, and nothing happened. To either of you." Tony nodded a little.
Tony licked his lips a little, and nodded. "You remember two weeks ago, in my workshop? When you pulled me out of a panic attack?" Steve nodded. "And, in the pool room, I, I thought I saw something. It startled me, and that's when I fell into the water."
Life updates: I've gotten a promotion at work, and am currently on a Work From Home basis until further notice. Which I adore. I'm also working with resin, making Dice sets. Clicky Clacks that you throw around in games. I've made some Marvel themed dice, and it's only the start. If you're interested in seeing what my Works In Progress are, or finished products up for sale might be, you can find that all under - Megara Makes. It's on FB, Insta, Twitter, Etsy. Really, just about anywhere.
Tony nodded a little. “I’m tired, Steve.” He closed his eyes again as Steve wrapped strong arms around him, sharing the sentiment.
“Still nothing to worry about,” she said with a nod. “I was worried about you, Tony. I trusted that you would figure something out, but I’d be lying if I said that I was worried that it might not be in time.”
“Not too long after I woke up here, and I went with Mary to SHIELD, I was working on testing the limits of my strength. There had only been a few times in the War that I had done that, but I wasn’t actually paying attention to anything.” Steve worried at his lip a little until Tony reached over and gently tugged his lip down. “I mean, I had really only spent a few years in this new body of mine. I still felt like an awkward newborn fawn, or something. I’m so used to being the sickly little five foot nothing, under a hundred pounds, boy from Brooklyn that got in way over his head.”
“It was fun,” Steve admitted, smiling almost shyly when Pepper rolled her eyes. The eye roll seemed to scream that she was used to dealing with this kind of stuff with Tony,
He looked up, back in space, but now, someone was walking towards him. Tony's feet started to push himself backwards against the ground, hands still chained, unable to get up in time. It wasn't a who, it was a thing, covered in golden armor, a dark hood pulled over its grotesque face. It moved faster than Tony, and a grey hand with one too many fingers reached down and grabbed onto Tony's shirt, hauling him to his feet.
"You'll show me later, anyway," the older man said with a shrug. "And all I need is some tea right now, and I'll be good for a few more hours."
"And it's cold," Tony said, his voice finding volume again. "Again, it's that whole lack of anything out there, no way for heat to stay when it has so much room to move about." Tony met Steve's eyes. "I was dying out there, I felt it, and I was so damned cold. I wish I could say that the last thing I heard was Peter telling me he loved me, and it would have been enough. Surrounded by absolutely nothing, to either drift for the rest of my life until whatever else lives out there found me, or to be destroyed by the explosion I delivered. It would have been enough because my son loved me." Tony shook his head a little, before tilting it up, eyes looking at the ceiling. "But, there wasn't, there was another voice. You've heard it. Before Thor took his destructive little brother back to Asgard."
"What is it that you have discovered?" Bruce asked, ignoring Tony's question. "What possible thing would be important enough to try and talk yourself out pursuing anything with Steve?" Tony looked over at the older man. "Please, I've known you for like, fifteen years now, Tony. I knew you before you hired Pepper. You're both attracted to each other, and only you could possibly find a reason to not pursue a relationship with him. I know this, because I did in fact talk with him yesterday, and I know he's not the one about to say no."
"His name is Wade," Steve muttered, leaning back against the couch. He was more tired than he thought if three people had been able to startle him like that. "Peter is down with Tony in the workshop, Wade. Why don't you go find them."
"He followed you in every store you went into," Tony said, showing hacked footage of some stores and a restaurant. "And I thought it was just some fanboy who figured out your identity from those pictures last year, until I saw this." The footage from a restaurant paused, and Tony overlaid it a heat filter. "This footage I was watching live, Jarvis tracking it in real time, and I got a little creative." The mans' body was glowing reds and oranges, some yellow, except for his left arm. There were thin lines of red, but the outline was cooler blues and purples.
“He-he said he was gon-gonna hurt Mom,” Wade sobbed out, hands clutching Steve’s shirt. “I wan-wanted to stop h-him.”
“I’m not seeing anything else around the Tower anyway,” Sam reported. “Maybe it’s best we go back in before something else pops up? I’m really not looking forward to leaving Earth.” Tony couldn’t fault his logic, he hated portals.
"He is now," Tony told her. "But you should probably get him to a doctor, to get diagnosed. One that I haven't had sign some confidentiality agreements and all."
"Daddy!!" Tony turned and Peter slammed into him, arms wrapping around, sending him back down to the ground, landing on his back. He puffed out some air, but wrapped his arms around Peter tightly.
"Right! Ten minutes, got it," Tony nodded and wandered off, probably back to his room, or to get Wade and Peter.
"My plans are to spend the weekend with my son," Tony said, rolling his eyes. "I had the last board meeting until next week, and I've cleared my schedule with Pepper, specifically for this weekend." Like he said he would, giving Mary and Coulson a worry free holiday.
“Sure!” Peter nodded, beaming at the chance to show off, something that Jamie obviously couldn’t do.
"Tony, my dear, you're in the will," Rachel looked over at him. "By name, right up front. Whatever you want, you can have it."
"I have to give this to Peter," Tony said holding up the backpack. "Delay her for a couple of minutes. I told Peter I'd be right back, and I have to let him know that I'll be a little longer. Dull transparency with the kid for a bit." Steve could understand that.
"You just woke up," Tony argued. "As cliché as it sounds, you do still need to rest, ease yourself into being back in the real world."
"Come soon! Bye-bye Daddy!" Tony froze a little when he heard Peter say the word that he had been trying to avoid.
“You never know, if you don’t do,” Wade said with a smile. “I know what parkour is, and I think it’s awesome. Peter and I wanna start doing it.”
Tony answered right away. "She's in Baltimore, possible Hydra tails." He let out a breath. "Just keep following the GPS, we'll get you back home." They heard her let out a breath, then there was a crunching noise, and a shout. "What was that?"
Tony had pulled out a few more personal notebooks of Howard's, and was flipping through them, looking at random equations, drawings of a cube, when Bruce returned with a film projector. It was set up, and within fifteen minutes they were watching a old reel of the Stark Expo. Maybe Tony could use this, drum up the public support. He'd use the complete version of course, but he could use this stuff.
After a minute Steve gently moved Tony to rest on the bed, moving to go meet Mary outside of the room. As he closed the door to the bedroom, he saw Mary making her way down the hallway. She gave him a smile until she actually saw his face, and her lips tipped back down.
The front door was pushed open, banging against the wall, and Steve moved, leaning over Jamie to cover her body, and Bucky was pulling out a dagger in one hand and a gun in the other, pointed at the intruder. Tony slid to a stop on the floor, eyes wide. Bucky straightened and put his weapons away with a grunt.
“Thanks, Jarvis.” Steve was able to take a breath, and started to pat down his shirt and pants from wrinkles. He hadn’t actually thought about it, but he probably looked a bit of a mess. As he was running his hands through his hair the doors opened to the floor that Mary was on. Steve stepped out, then stopped. He didn’t actually know where Mary would be. Steve hadn’t actually helped Tony on this floor, had mostly just helped with the rebuild of the broken windows and doors on the penthouse floor, where Peter would be sleeping.
"Let me start with some of the first ones that my own parents asked me." Mary shifted her balance to one hip. "No, Tony doesn't pay me off. No, I don't blackmail him to spend time with Peter. No, I'm not in love with Tony Stark, neither is he in love with me. No, he isn't going to leave us."
"You asked me to come over," he told him. "Remember, you called me yesterday and we had this whole conversation. I said that the end of my 72 hour leave was coming up,and then I'd actually have to go back to doing my military job, and you said-"
“Mary must be cooking them,” Tony said with a grin. “I’m glad I stocked up on pancake ingredients yesterday.”
"So you went and found her again," Steve finished. "But, why just her?" Bucky gave him a deadpan look, and Steve was reminded of the Bucky from Brooklyn that he almost stumbled. "The babies...."
"Look at it," Tony smiled a little, walking around it in a circle a couple of the time. "That's a much lighter blue. It feels better just from here."
"Greeting, Ms Parker," Jarvis greeted as Mary walked into the kitchen, then stopped, looking at Tony, and the mess.
“She doesn’t like big sweeping movements right now,” Steve explained to him, leaning forward to grab another sandwich to hand it to Tony, then grabbed a container and a small spoon. “It just started yesterday, that I noticed. Hey, can Papa feed you come applesauce?”
"I'm just getting my brownie points for being on top of things today," Tony said, glancing at Steve. "Let me build my ego before the magical moment shifts to someone else." Natasha had gone over to the couch, pulling Barton off of the couch and back to his feet.
"I remember bits and pieces," his best friend said quietly, accent gone again. "None of it in order. Sometimes it's from when we were younger, sometimes it's from the Winter Soldier. Took me forever to remember my name was James, and any more than that I started getting headaches. I still get them sometimes."
"Cause I'm special," Peter preened a little, a look of mischief on his face. That look was pure Stark.
Steve blinked a little, wondering why Tony was telling him this, then he realized that Tony was kind of asking his opinion. "I would say that that's probably not a bad idea," Steve said carefully. "I'm usually not for keeping something from anyone, especially Peter, but he's been through a lot the past few days." Tony nodded a little, his fingers starting to snap in a nervous habit. Steve touched Tony's elbow, and the man stopped snapping and looked at Steve. "Why don't you go in and see him first."
“Stop focusing on the song,” Tony whined a little, curling over Steve’s head and shoulders. “It’s not important-“
“No it’s nooooot,” Peter said. His growling stomach proved otherwise, and Peter only giggled as Tony rolled his eyes with a smile. “It’s gonna eat everyone!”
Anyway, enjoy more cuteness! Some of the lines were taken from the movie directly, (I'm watching it as I go), and that's all owned by Marvel, not by me.
Tony let out a shuddered breath, back arching a little. “I can,” he took a breath, trying to put his thoughts together from the intense feelings rushing through his body. “I can feel your fingers against my skin. I can feel the ridges of your fingerprints.” He could feel Steve’s heartbeat through his fingers, and it was like it was vibrating through his body. He gasped when Steve’s hand trailed lower, brushing against his erection as he pushed the sheet off of his body. “I, uh,” Tony licked his lips as he tried to focus. “I felt, the fabric, every fiber.”
“This is so Cool!” Peter exclaimed, grinning and moving the light saber around in one hand, then to the next hand, trying his hardest do all the smooth movements they had seen.
“I’ll seek someone out about magic before I find myself willingly making a visit to Reed Richards,” Tony grumbled against Steve’s skin. “I hear Doctor Strange has recently made his way into the strange world of not normal, or some such nonsense that I didn’t want to pay attention too until just now.” Steve placed a soft kiss on the top of Tony’s head. “Maybe I’ll make a visit, at a semi-decent hour for humans.”
"You went through me personal things??" Tony shouted at him. "You followed us around? I should call the police on this alone!" Tony held up the personal picture. "This was in my workshop! A place I know you've never been, and were never allowed to go to!" Despite the rage that billowed out in waves, the blonde in front of him just kept smiling.
"Yeah, tell you what," Tony interrupted that. "Do a weather and ATC check." He looked towards the exit of the garage. "Start listening in on ground control."
Tony pulled up Wade's backpack and pulled out a Starkpad, placing it on the bed tray. "I brought something so you don't get horribly bored watching TV all day," Tony said.
"No!" The woman suddenly shouted over the phone. "Don't let her go! It is so ridiculously not safe there right now. You should totally do lock down procedures yourself, or something, I don't know." Bruce tapped the screen, showing Tony a dot in Baltimore. "Shit, I'd rather be dealing with out silver armed friend, right now." That was raising red flags in Tony and Bruce's mind. The talking over the phone stopped, and there was the soft click of something. "Hydra, freaking Hydra is inside SHIELD," she started to whisper over the phone. She had obviously entered a different room, locking the door.
"I heard him, whoever he is," Wade said motioning towards Bucky. "He's talking about my Dad." Steve crouched down to one knee and nodded. "He made someone hurt Peter's Dad and Granma?"
"The only disappointing thing in here is the scum in front of me," Steve growled out. "I would get out of here if you know what's good you, and it would be wise if those loose lips suddenly figured out how to stay closed." Steve grabbed George's collar this time, pulling him back to open the door, and shoved him outside. Steve slammed the door shut, locking it, letting out a breath. He turned around to see both Tony and Rachel looking at him, the former with a look of shock, and the latter with a pleased smirk.
"No!" Tony shouted and rushed forward, but the mans eyes were already rolling back, his mouth bubbling from a cyanide pill. "Dammit!"
“As well as it’s going to be for now,” Steve told him. He moved to sit next to Tony on the piano bench, watching as the brunette put both hands on the piano now, playing something softly. It wasn’t anything that Steve recognized, but the way that Tony played it, it seemed to soothe him a bit more. “Wade’s starting to work through what actually happened yesterday, and he’s been thinking.”
Tony looked at Steve, and sniffed, wiping a fake tear form the corner of his eye. “My son is able to distinguish between light sabers. I’m so proud.” Steve was turning his over in his hand, smiling at it, feeling the weight, knowing that Tony had diligently taken the time to craft these. “Okay, now I want you both to point them out, and then press the button there.” Tony took a step away from them and Steve raised an eyebrow.
“Okay, not the point I was going for,” Tony grumbled a little. “Alright, so two years ago, smartass.” Steve opened his mouth to answer and Tony lightly thwapped his chest. “Completely not the point. You get what I’m trying to say.”
Hai there! Crazy world, huh??  I was just want to say that you're all amazing, sticking around as long as you have! I really appreciate it, I love seeing it, and I'm glad that I can bring something that so many people like. I hope this doesn't disappoint! Here's the chapter that's going to set up the next big installment of the Proof series! I'm starting to feel like Disney+ with all my little plots all over.
"Mary." Tony heaved himself up, Rhodey helping him. "Obidiah's got Peter, Rhodey, he has him." Rhodey's eyes widened and he let Tony guide him over to the assembly station. "I've got to get over there." The floor started to move and Rhodey took a step back, the suit starting to assemble around him.
"Same weird child that stares at people until they wake up." Tony scrunched his eyes up a bit. "Seriously, that's creepy." Wade's mom only shrugged. "Well, yes, he made his case, and I can't find a fault in it. I'd like it, and I know I'm not the only one, if you and Wade would take up residence at the Tower." Julie blinked slowly at him, not moving. "Doesn't have to be anything huge, like the penthouse that I have, and you wouldn't have a mortgage. Peter and Wade are constantly having sleepovers, and doing homework together until either you, Mary, or myself come pick them up, so this would be easier. They could ride together to school, so they leave at the same time, and not be late." Tony took a little breath. "And, there would always be someone nearby, for when you have to go to the hospital," he said gently.
“Your neighbor went on a cross-country exploration trip,” Tony told her. “And he has been listening to some ghastly music while doing it.”
It wasn't too long after that he noticed Peter's yawns, his hand stilling with the pencil that was on his sketch paper. Tony put his Starkpad down on the coffee table, trusting Bruce to make sure it didn't fall, and reached over to take the pencil from Peter's hand before he accidentally messed up his drawing. Peter made a little noise of protest when Tony took the sketchbook too, Bruce taking it to place it with the tablet. He wrapped his arms around Peter and brought him up to his chest, tucking him into his arms as he leaned back against the arm of the couch. Peter yawned again, laying his head on Tony's chest, and tucking his body in between Tony's arm and side, closing his eyes.
“My precious puppy.” Tony grinned at him. “Also, you should start thinking about what you want to do for your birthday.” Steve was about to protest but Tony put a finger on his lips. “Nope, if I had to do something, so do you. You’re still young enough to enjoy doing things on your birthday, despite the two and a half kids that you’ve acquired.”
"You'll have eaten it all?" Steve asked and Coulson nodded. "For a small second I thought you were going to say that Mary was pregnant."
“Weren’t you going to be gone this afternoon?” Bruce asked, not looking up from his computer screen.
“This is bordering on blasphemy, babe,” Tony told him. “I’m gonna start to worry if you suddenly want me to cook something, and take me on a little road trip.”
When Mary walked to Steve's floor, she saw him on the loveseat. To her, he looked cramped up. His back was against the arm, and his feet were pressed against the other end, forcing him to draw his knees up. Even though he was using his thighs as a surface to hold his sketchbook, it still looked like he was too close to the paper. But he looked comfortable.
"I tried to get furnishings that you might be more familiar, and comfortable with," Mary said as she gently shut the door. In the kitchen was an icebox that looked new to him, something that he and his mother never had the luxury of owning. The stove looked better than anything he had every seen, with few buttons, and he was sure he could figure out anything he didn't know.
So he found himself, slipping out of their apartment, (with a note on his Mom’s forehead, telling her where he was going, he didn’t want to worry her), and sneaking down the hallway. His destination wasn’t far away, in fact it was on the same floor. He was on a mission, to go to Miss Meg’s floor, and sneak up on her roommate. Miss Meg had of course told him that he was welcome to come over whenever he liked, so long as the door was unlocked. Wade figured that Jarvis was in charge of the locks by the way he had overheard Dr Bruce talking with the scary red-headed Avenger. She hadn’t been too keen on them for some reason, even though Peter and Wade enjoyed spending time in Miss Meg’s apartment when their parents were busy.
Bucky’s back straightened and his eyes darkened a little. Steve smirked slightly. “We are going to destroy them.” Steve whooped and hugged Bucky quickly, and Tony started giggling again.
Tony bit his lip as he smiled, watching them and recording. Steve leaned in to get her neck again and Jamie's hands were pushing at his cheeks. When Steve tried leaning down again, she pushed her head up, putting her lips to his cheek, and tried blowing her own raspberry against him. Tony laughed when Steve's face scrunched up with a smile. Tony's laugh seemed to make Jamie's even louder, pleased that she did the right thing.
