. My body aches from too much tension, the lactic acid from such intense adrenaline settling in my muscles as if I’ve been running for an hour.
Emerging from the tunnel, he shielded his eyes from the midday sun and spun around, trying to get his bearings. He was in a part of the forest that he didn't recognize, and he considered the possibility that he had perhaps entered another realm entirely. Then, in the distance, he saw a circle of stones, and without a second thought, he sprinted towards it and leapt into the middle of it.
The ritual of making tea calms me--nothing has changed. Literally nothing; the kettle is still in the same place, the tea bags are the same, even my mug…
I hear the flap of the paper being unfolded and the cough from John before he starts reading in a tired monotone, working to keep the tune out of his voice as he recognizes the song:
I added a new poem in before this chapter (ch.1). Sorry for any confusion--it came to me today suddenly while thinking about this fic. Please check it out :)
Our story is clicking along! At this point, I'm expecting us to have another 5 or so chapters. Our boys do derail me from time to time, but we are nearing the end for sure. Thanks for your support!
“Hm,” I hum noncommittally. The fact that Sherlock is abiding by his brother’s command frightens me nearly as much as the clear threat from Moran.
John nodded, taking a long pull from the stein in his hand before answering, “Braw, braw. Ye?” He eyed his companion, watching for signs of concern at his obvious lie, but Brodie had been at the pub well before him and was several pints into his evening already.
My heart is pounding against my ribs and my fingers are tingling as I anchor myself to his presence, mind drifting hazily in a sea of endorphins while he mutters soothing adulations to my skin. As my thoughts slowly coalesce, I’m aware of the slow rut of his hips against me, his neglected cock rubbing along my inner thigh. The slick trail he leaves sets my blood afire.
My feet are frozen to the threshold of the flat. It’s been 8 months since I’ve stepped foot in here, and
I read him every terrible, agony-filled word. Every moment of insanity and rage. We organized the letters by postage date, and read them in order to each other, alternating as needed. Neither of us slept that night, preferring instead to see it through to the end. My heart ached when Sherlock read his letters to me, his rich baritone becoming rough with overuse and exhaustion the later it got. When he writes, it sounds like poetry--an odd contrast to the harsh and vulgar language I used. There was such
. John shrank back as the creature leaned towards him, peering into his face with the same curious expression he wore in the wood.
’ sigh and push past him into my bedroom, limping slightly. Water drips from the gauze around my thigh, large droplets rolling long trails down my legs and onto the rug. Pausing in front of my wardrobe, I’m surprised that a set of determined footsteps haven’t followed me yet. “John?” I call as I whirl around to face him, framed in the doorway to my bedroom.
Turning off the tap, I reach for the kitchen towel to dry off before assessing the state of my burn. Minor--the coffee was barely above drinking temperature. He must have waited until it was just right before deciding to bring it over to me so I could drink it right away. Hm.
Sherlock’s mouth dropped open and he froze as his mind worked. “I don’t understand,” he finally admitted. “I...
What a waste of time! The man spent more of his breath complaining about what a fool Anderson was and how long he worked on the bullets than he did on anything else of note. I probed every way I knew how, asking him time and again what the hunter might have been after. The smith, named Lestrade, merely shook his head and continued on, cursing the man in colorful German expletives while banging on a piece of iron he was shaping into a spike. When I asked him where Anderson purchased the silver for the bullets, he merely shrugged and continued on with the racket he was creating.
“None going home with you today, boys?” the middle aged woman behind the counter asked, as she always did when they came to visit. “Redbeard has his eyes on you, Sherlock,” she added, nodding over at the Irish Setter.
there,” I throw an apologetic face at Greg, who shrugs indifferently. “If he isn’t there, we will go tomorrow and you can deduce all the clues you like. If he
“John Watson, you are the most handsome man I have ever seen,” I reply, my voice barely above a whisper. “I have missed your face easily as much as you’ve missed mine.”
John stared, distracted by the way Sherlock’s hands moved. So precise, so careful as he squeezed fractions of drops into the test tube. How he managed to get an experiment started in the short time John was in the loo was a mystery.
Leaning back on my haunches, I nod with a heavy sigh. If anything, the sedation will ease some of John’s emotional suffering for the time being. The doctor, wary of any aggressive limbs, moves carefully forward and plunges the needle into John’s flexed bicep, depressing it quickly so he can scurry away the moment the deed is done. Slowly, the wracking sobs below me dissolve in the stilted air around us. I catch Mycroft’s eye, placing all of my frustration, disappointment, and fury into my stare. He blanches, eyebrows shooting to his hairline as he interprets my gaze.
At the disturbance the door to the hospital room opens as Mycroft sweeps in, face a carefully constructed mask of apathy as he surveys the scene, undoubtedly reading it perfectly. “John, as you are aware, Sherlock--”
, which makes her automatically a source of attention. Our clever trickster wormed his way in with her, and by the time our evening cordials were drained and the candles were flickering with the last bits of wick and wax, he was escorting her off to her sleeping quarters. She laughed and clutched his arm, calling him
His musculature was beyond anything I had ever witnessed, and as I reached out to touch him, he stilled substantially while focusing on the sensation. Gently, I ran my fingers through his fur and was surprised to find it soft and thick, with an undercoat that reminded me of sheepskin. Weaving deep, I stroked small circles into his arms, earning a shudder from him.
“Your threats are meaningless Constable. Nevertheless, it’s clear: Anderson went off hunting something that outsized and outwitted him, and he lost. Perhaps he should have listened more carefully to the whispers about the forest before getting himself involved in something supernatural.”
His hand, quivering and pale, rises slowly to his face, fingertips settling on his brow below the EEG cap. The machine’s beeping increases as he continues to return to consciousness until he slides the sensors off his head with a gentle push. My throat is tight and dry, preventing me from saying anything while I watch him, waiting for his eyes to open.
This chapter is written from Sherlock's POV while he's still in his medically induced coma following his near-death experience in the warehouse. It coincides, at the end, with the end of John's POV in the previous chapter.
“Mycroft,” John commented quietly, reaching down to run his fingertips in the cat’s long, soft fur. The cat chirped his response, the sound mismatched to his size, and ran off towards their cabin, hoping for a second morning meal.
“Third,” Sherlock commented as he swiped his keycard at the door. It clicked and he flung it open, pulling John inside and pushing him against the wall. He caged him with his arms and leaned in, a predatory gleam in his eyes. “I have a terrible roommate, though. If he’s here, I’ll remove him against his will.”
Transfixed, John opened his mouth. The creature leaned in, towering over him, until their faces were barely centimeters apart. Somehow despite the increasing fog enveloping his thoughts, John noted that Sherlock didn’t breathe. He mirrored the man, and though the burning in his lungs felt familiar and
The trashcan flies across the smoking area with the force of my kick, slamming noisily against the opposite wall. Three quick strides and I’m over there, denting it repeatedly. The sound echoes off the sides of the building, ricocheting the racket across the courtyard and startling the other smokers. They hastily extinguish their cigarettes and scurry inside, but I barely notice as I unleash every ounce of rage I feel on the bin at my feet.
I hear him snort before he turns and saunters back to the door of the hospital. “As you wish, Detective Inspector.” I watch him as he turns down the corridor, no doubt heading back towards Sherlock’s room.
And then, he walked in, uninvited, and dropped his bag in the same spot he always does, next to his desk. Glancing back, he smirked and walked over to Sherlock's bureau to snatch up the note he had left earlier that day.
"Who was that man?"  I demanded of the servant selling cuts of venison and links of sausage. The servant ignored me, offering the finest steak he had available to me. I again demanded the name of the bizarre man, and the salesman pulled another steak from the table, holding it up in my face while exclaiming in German that it was clearly the meat a
as if they had known each other since childhood. They rarely made appearances after that first evening, and I was disappointed. No one else seemed to compare in intellect and cunning, and I was therefore quite
We shared a look that told me all I needed to know. As I gathered my belongings, my sight fell upon his lower leg, which was wrapped several times over with the worn leather strap I had seen him caressing the day before. He followed my gaze, and without a word reached down and unwound it. As he did, his body morphed before my eyes, shrinking and losing the excess of hair that covered it. In the span of two breaths, what lay before me was the pale haired man I knew.
, John murmured as he took a drink of his pint. He slipped his shoes off and stretched his feet out in front of him, resting them on the edge of my seat. For a moment, it felt like we were home. I glanced up at him, watching the fire dance across his face, and he smiled again as our eyes met. There was a warmth there that could easily be interpreted as
“I thought--it seemed easier,” he finally replies. He sounds like a child defending a poor decision, hoping for mercy. Penitent, in a way.
He’s watching me, eyes half hooded with the effects of his intravenous pain relief, yet still somehow bright and fully aware. Not just watching--
The pain as it bloomed through my face when he hit me, my cheekbone cracked and my nose instantly swollen and bleeding. The taste of snot and blood and tears, salty and bitter and coppery as it filled my mouth, coating my tongue and making me nauseous.
Without giving anything away, I just want to say that this chapter is a huge turning point for our boys, and I am really excited about it!
I’m gasping, choking, sputtering. My assailant had his thumb pressed on my windpipe for far too long. I can’t seem to get a full breath without shuddering pain wrenching through my throat. I’ll surely be bruised in the span of an hour, his grip was so tight.
While I typically do not put much stock into cliches and adages, preferring instead to draw my own conclusions, I have heard it said that
Cracking open a beer and his physio text, he settled at his desk and let the breeze ruffle his hair while he studied for his test. It didn’t take long for his thoughts to drift to his conversation with Sherlock, which served to brighten his mood and tighten his pants. When it was too difficult to concentrate, he set the book aside, chugged the last of his beer, and got into bed.
that he’s lengthening his spine and raising his chin ever-so-slightly towards the ceiling as he responds,
The early stages of the fight between Charles and our companions is crystallizing--Anthea was probably knocked out first, caught totally unawares, considering her distinct lack of visible injuries and the glazed over appearance of her eyes. Mild to moderate concussion, some nausea and dizziness for a day or two and she’ll be back to herself. Then, Lestrade was the next target, and he nearly lost consciousness after he was overpowered and strangled. Mycroft must have happened upon them and fought off Charles, taking a blow to the face in the process as he saved Lestrade’s life. Of course neither of them were a match for the vicious brutality of Moran’s subordinate, who quickly trounced them both and tied them up together against a support pole before he surprised me as I left the empty office I had been investigating.
John fished his second pen for the day out of the side pocket of his bag, giving his friend a sidelong glance. “Make sure you get it back when you're done. Pretty sure this one's down to its last bit of ink, and I have two more exams after this.”
. You showed up and it was like that bit in The Wizard of Oz, when Dorothy steps out of the grey house and everything is in full technicolor. Nothing compares to that, Sherlock.
“Och, ye ken. Sam as aye,” the man replied with a grunt. “Damn!” he shouted, a hand flying up to gesture rudely at the television in the corner. “Ye see thes?” he asked John, cheeks reddening in rage. Their local rugby team was losing to a new one from London. John didn’t care, but Brodie clearly did.
“That wasn’t needed, and you damn well know it,” I state, voice shaking. I need a cuppa and a smoke to calm my nerves after this incident.
After signaling for another fill, Brodie cleared his throat and asked, “Hoo hae ye bin?” while scratching at his scruffy, auburn beard.
When he opened them, he was laying comfortably in his bed at home, flannel sheets soft and warm against his naked body.
. I’m sure Mycroft has an eye on him. No need to rush. Striding down the hallway, I take the left turn into the kitchen and--
I am grateful that Sherlock allows John these simple gestures of care. He’s always neglected himself terribly. If I believed in fate, I might concede that he’s spent his life in need of a doctor like John.
Sherlock slid off his chair and landed softly on his knees between John's legs. John lifted his hand to Sherlock's face and ran the pad of his thumb over Sherlock's prominent cheekbone. Sherlock put his hands on John's sides. They both leaned into each other until their lips met. The kiss started slow and gentle, just a mere brushing of their mouths together. It was John who tenderly deepened the kiss; increasing the pressure and opening his mouth to run his tongue along Sherlock's lower lip, asking to deepen this kiss. Sherlock gasped, parting his lips wide enough for John to take his chance and start exploring Sherlock's mouth. John smiled against Sherlock's soft cupid's bow lips. He had imagined this moment so many times and it was perfect. Sherlock was surprised to find how much he enjoyed kissing. He hadn't understood what could be found appealing about it before, thinking it highly disgusting sharing salvia with someone else. But then John changed his mind on many things, why not kissing. Sherlock was relieved that John took over as he was sure it was evident that he had no idea what he was doing.
“John? Come along. It’s time for bed. I’ve gotten you some pajamas. Let’s go.” Sherlock gently touched John’s arm to rouse him.
A man clad in leather on a motorbike pulled up to the crime scene. He climbed off the bike and walked up to the tape. Detective Inspector Lestrade intercepted the man as he was trying to walk onto the crime scene. His identity completely obscured by the outfit he wore and his helmet.
“Unfinished? What piece was it?” John seemed confused as Sherlock rarely played unfinished classics.
It was easy enough to hack into the cameras that Mycroft Holmes had hidden in 221B Baker Street. Honestly, the British government should consider some type of security. She had a strong suspicion when John left the night Sherlock came back, he would find his way to Baker Street. She wasn’t surprised the next morning when she saw him on the CCTV cameras standing outside the door. The audio was crap inside the flat but she was able to read the body language, John and Sherlock were definitely more than just friends and flatmates, even if neither had admitted it yet. It would only be a matter of time before Mary was dismissed and those two got HER happy ever after story. By the time they had fallen asleep leaning on each other watching the Telly, she had a plan in mind to eliminate Sherlock for good this time.
The fog dissipated, and John stopped moving towards the Fae. “Nae,” he argued, shaking his head. “Mah name isnae Hamish, an' thes is nae mah home. Goodbye, Sherlock.”
John returns my smile with a lopsided smirk. “I know.” Something unspoken passes between us--a fondness, a brotherhood of the men who tolerate and, at times, admire my brother and his ridiculous quirks. A new understanding.
I lean over, bracing myself on the wall for support while I attempt to wash my legs and feet quickly.
“Sherlock, I...you know I want to, right?” I ask, leaning forward to wrap my hand around his bicep, thumb stroking the muscle. “Probably better to wait until we can take as much time as we like, hm?”
The next chapter will wrap up this story! Don't worry about Mycroft--all will be well and he will definitely get fed soon!
Not bothering to pay him any extra attention, I snap, “Oh, do shut up, Mycroft, and fetch my things. John and I are going home.”
Then, he saw it again, and his mind was made up. Scooting out from beneath his sleeping cat, he grabbed the jacket by the door and pulled it on, flipping the collar up around his neck. He snatched a hat from the rack, then stuffed his pocket with a hank of rope and his knife.
He shakes his head, clearing the fog from his eyes, and frowns down at the ground while he thinks. A moment passes and he glances back up suddenly. “An office. One in recent use, probably by Moran.” Nodding, I pull out my phone and begin searching for the floor plans for the warehouse, striding out of the office and onto the factory floor, away from the rest of my compatriots. I’m barely limping as my leg continues to heal and the adrenaline numbs any lingering pain.
. After some irritated, muttered curses, he cleaned and redressed my wound, bandaged my shoulder, ordered takeaway, and settled with me on the couch. We’ve since finished our food and with bellies full, have taken to reclining comfortably with each other. All evidence of our previous tension has dissipated in lieu of this newfound understanding between us. John’s fingers again continue their stroking and my eyes slide shut. I could sleep like this. (If I slept.)
Another few moments pass, and he finally frowns to himself with resolution. “Sherlock, I can’t do this. I can’t marry Mary.”
“Whoa, laddie!” John exclaimed, pulling his stinging hand away. The cat rolled over onto his stomach and looked up at John with lazy, bored eyes. Sighing, John shoved Mycroft to one side and swung his legs over, bracing for the cold winter air. He could feel the chill in the floorboards even through the thick, woolen socks he bought from the market last year. After a quick shuffle to the toilet, he wrapped one of his best afghans around his shoulders and began his morning routine.
Here I am, sitting in the back of one of Mycroft’s luxury vehicles, staring at a door and knowing that once I open it I will have
Moments after the buzzer sounds, Lestrade and I have gone upstairs, I’ve deposited the bread on the counter and the post on the table with the rest of the sprawling pile, and I’m seated across from Sherlock while the Detective Inspector explains his recent findings.
. He reaches for the letter, snatching it out of John’s hand recklessly. The soldier inhales roughly through his nose, nostrils flaring as he focuses on containing his mounting frustration with Sherlock’s behavior. How he manages living with him is beyond me. “And what does the Met have to say about this, Mycroft? I’m sure
pieces of irrelevant and boring mail to the tableful we have already’ and I can’t help but chuckle to myself. Even when he’s being an arse, I find him endearing. I suppose I always have, although now I’m happy to admit that I love the arsehole Sherlock Holmes.
. An ache rose high in his throat, making it difficult to swallow. He fought the feeling, knowing what it was but refusing to name it. “Ah hae tae go. Aam...aam sorry.”
Though it’s challenging to hear clearly, I can make out the faint sound of a resigned sigh before the doorknob turns with a
, as Sherlock called it, wasn’t until later in the afternoon. He had a maths exam in an hour and a half, which he was sure to pass easily, and then enough of a gap that he could probably grab lunch at the dining hall before
John wasn’t the only person who decided that this, the coldest day they had seen this season, was the best time to stock up on supplies. Nearly everyone he had ever met was at the market, bundled up so tightly he could barely tell who was who. He had worn his overcoat and thick knit hat, but he stood out like a sore thumb with his lack of winter gear. A few villagers gave him strange looks, but he ignored them. He was used to it by now, ever since he came
A quick glance to my right reveals my hallucinated companion, face twisted up while he watches my malicious rage at his brother. His eyes are dark, pleading and pained.
He’s been keeping everything to himself since I awoke, and it’s tearing him to pieces. I’m tired of hiding from him. Tired of
I bite back an irritated, snarky response and move further inside, pausing at the bottom of the steps. The throbbing in my head subsides as I consider the challenge before us. “Sherlock, how in the hell are you going to get up all these stairs?” I ask, turning again to face him.
“The usual,” I agree, glancing back up at the windows. Sherlock’s taken to playing his violin; Bach’s
, I need to feel his body shake beneath my power over him. I want to hear him cry out torturously. Perhaps he might catch a glimpse of the black torment he’s put me...put Sherlock...put
Mycroft huffs, looking out the windows while his jaw works, teeth clenching in frustration. Finally, he replies evenly, “And what makes you think he’ll return to Baker street?”
Looking down at his body, he fought back the sting in his eyes. He had lost a significant amount of weight while living with Sherlock. He tried to remember the last time he ate, and found himself coming up short. Shutting his eyes, he focused.
Everything about me freezes, including my rogue bloody hand, and I squeeze my eyes shut with a silent prayer to rewind the last few moments.
Except there must be, because he’s on the floor, blood pouring from a terrible gash in his throat, his eyes feral while he dies in front of me. I kneel to pull him to me, his blood soaking my clothing and staining my hands and I plead, I beg, I reassure. “
he’s doing it. Knowing why doesn’t stop the bouncing, though. So, we eat, and I keep my comments to myself.
The scotsman opened his eyes and glanced sideways, too enraged to look fully at the bizarre being. Sitting back on his haunches, John brought a hand up to scratch at his beard. His conscious thoughts still drifted in and out of his mind, hiding behind smoke and mirrors whenever he tried to pull them together. He shook his head and stood, leaving his bloodied jacket at his feet.
A quick, irritated sigh escapes his lips before he looks away from me in an attempt to break the tension. I could throttle him for it, but I don’t need to be arrested right now.
Too many seconds pass and finally he breaks the silence we’re trapped in. Clearing his throat, he looks towards the living room and chuckles. It’s a harsh, unnaturally forced sound, and it grates on my ears. “Pretty ridiculous, you know.”
I hadn’t considered fully how my absence would affect his life. Though for me, it felt as if I had engaged in a 2 year intermission from the main drama of my time on this planet, for him it apparently was an ending of one chapter and subsequent new beginning.
Black curls bounced as the creature shook his head. He stood, looming into John’s space, and replied matter-of-factly, “You
, and was panting by the time we made it to the car. As we drove, his eyes slid shut and his head fell back on the seat. I know he should have stayed longer at the hospital, but I also know neither of us would have tolerated it for very long. My words to Mycroft were a half-truth, ignoring the fact that I was already crawling out of my skin in there.
against me,” Sherlock states nastily, throwing his collar up against his neck and shifting to open the door. “Inform me of anything new.”
Sucking in as much as he could, John nearly collapsed as the cool air flooded his lungs. He braced himself against the wall with a clammy hand to keep from falling. The lights around him seemed too bright as he gasped and heaved, his heart pounding in his chest. Ice trickled down his spine, his stomach bottoming out while his ears burned. The fog stayed in his thoughts, threatening to yank them apart at the seams with violent rage.
.” He pushed up on his heels and caught his boyfriend in a kiss, cradling his head and threading his fingers into Sherlock’s dark, curly hair. The two remained entwined for several moments until Sherlock broke away and grinned.
“He isn’t even trying to get away, I’ve got it sorted,” I protest, shifting to shield John as much as I can from them.
Mycroft still hasn’t left yet, his car idling near the curb below. No doubt ordering the battalion to protect us and ensure we
Though I may complain, I do miss having you around. It’s so quiet. I find myself longing for your violin music, even in the middle of the night. Funny how easy it is to take for granted the things you find annoying, then how we miss them when they are gone. I shall be pleased to have you back, my dear boy, even if it wakes me at times I am not ready.
The skin wrapped around his bones and sinewy, lean muscles felt tight, caked with the grime of months living underground. As his senses rebounded, freed from the thick, wet blanket of deprivation Sherlock had wrapped around them, everything seemed too loud, too bright,
The prickle of embarrassment crawls up the back of my neck, covering me in goosebumps. I can feel my cheeks heat and I look away, shoving the rest of the bread in my mouth while my mind goes blank.
Pressing my eyes shut as a wave of pain shudders through my body, I take a deep breath and wait while I hear the sound of heavy boots clomping near my head. Strong hands wrap around my shoulders, rolling me off my stomach and heaving me up while familiar blue-gold eyes peer into my own, soft and tired.
John was captivated, and most of him was ready to give in. Most of him wanted to return to the creature’s arms, wanted to return to his bed. He knew that Sherlock spoke the truth before--his life had been a void, lacking any depth or purpose aside from…
Just as I stepped past the sign, there was a crack of twigs behind me and a hand on my shoulder, yanking me roughly back outside the perimeter.
) and Mary (lies, lies). The smile on his face says otherwise--he’s waiting expectantly in the middle of the room, hands on his hips and eyes soft. I’m drawn to him, returning to his arms as the waltz begins. He settles his hand on the small of my back and pulls me to him, his other hand snatching mine up as he takes the lead.
He was afraid, but not of the man in the wood. Not of the mysterious events in his house, nor the way he kept losing time. Anyone else would be terrified had they been subjected to such horrors.
to me,” Moran continues in a sing-song voice, cutting John off with a reference to his earlier letter. In my periphery, I see John plant his feet shoulder-width apart; natural defensive posturing. Obviously he knows Moran is playing with him, attempting to manipulate him into giving himself up to them. John is smarter and stronger than that, though. A few well-placed words aren’t enough to shake his foundation.
“I’ll just stand here, then,” I reply evenly, leaning against the wall near the bottom step and crossing my arms.
The heaviness that had settled into my bones a few moments ago lifts and is replaced by a spreading warmth that makes my stomach do flips and my lips draw up into an involuntary grin.
He lets out a huge yawn and drops his hands to his hips, adopting his best authoritative pose. “If I don’t see you by noon, I’ll come to Baker Street myself. Have to explain how all
. I still don’t know what will happen or what he’ll say, but I need to have this moment with him. We’ve been fighting for
“Sherlock? Ready?” John asks. I hadn’t noticed him reenter the room, holding the bag of my clothing. Mycroft is gone, already heading back to his office with Anthea now that it’s been decided we are leaving this wretched place and returning to our home.
“What?” I ask, confused. My feet are heavy, rooted to the floor with uncertainty while my heart hammers into my ribs.
. A fair feat, considering I tower over most and the man most likely to be in this house (aside from myself) was Watson, who was considerably shorter than this.
Disappointment and guilt pool in my gut. Maybe I misunderstood what he was trying to say. He didn’t pull away, but he might be too affected by the medications to even consider it.
,” the voice murmured again, the deep baritone sending chills up the man’s spine. “I’m right, you know.”
“Mr. Holmes, I do not recommend you enter the forest alone,” he insisted, his fingers twitching at his side. “It is not safe,” he added, pursing his lips.
“Sherlock?” John asks when I’m unwilling to move. A quick glance reveals the source of our interruption.
As I scribbled, I laughed. It was a sick, crazy laugh, and remembering it now makes my head feel thick and my stomach twist.
Sherlock clears his throat, his eyebrows raised at my contemplative silence. “Moran was…?” he asks curiously.
The ache in his belly worsened, drawing his attention back to the idea of going to the loo. He waffled, knowing that the moment he got out of bed he’d lose his cozy snuggling partner for the day. Sherlock’s warm breath tickled the hairs on the back of his neck, and that decided it. The loo could wait. The voice of his anatomy professor echoed around his brain, little snippets from last week’s lecture threading its way through his thoughts.
I’m staring at the door. That black door with those distinctive gold numbers and antique knocker. The door that I shut the day of Sherlock’s funeral, expecting that it would be the last time I closed it behind me. Closing off that part of my life, leaving it entirely, attempting to forget and move on. Move forward.
The hot water stings my chest, leaving a red flush in its wake. I wait for him to finish, even though I know what he won’t say.
Finally, he clears his throat and tries again with renewed courage. “I want to come home. I want to...I want to
, even, when Charles dropped limp to the floor, blood oozing out of his broken arm where the bone pushed through the skin. His head was at such an unnatural angle and I didn’t even flinch. No part of me felt any remorse as Moran struggled against me before collapsing back into his chair.”
Pressing his trembling fingers together and sandwiching them between his thighs for warmth, he shook his head at this traitorous fantasy.
Nuzzling his favorite terrier, John took one last deep breath and smiled. “Yeah, s’pose we need a house first. Let’s go, Sherlock, before I give into every last urge to skip the maths exam and stay here for the rest of the day.”
The next song on the playlist begins, filling the flat with a lilting, romantic waltz meant for sleepy couples at the end of a long evening of dancing. Grabbing his hands, I place them appropriately and smile. “Another day, John. One, two, three…”
,” I plead. He stares at me throughout my monologue, blinking lazily. His expression is flat, detached. It’s the same look he had when he sent me off so he could meet with Moriarty on the roof. I know this face. It’s the
“Yes, perhaps it is time for a cigarette. Join me?” Mycroft asks, ignoring my challenge and jumping straight to showing off. Must have seen my fingers twitch or something bloody insignificant like that.
have heard me gasping for air. Did the acrobat make it out and now John’s chasing him down in the alley? Rubbing my throat with a leather-gloved hand, I lurch out to search for him, hoping he’s okay. It feels like hours of searching every nook and cranny of Chinatown with no sign of him, no response via phone,
I reached into my pocket and pulled out the hunting cap I retrieved from Watson’s house and tossed it to the man. He caught it easily, staring at it in his hands, before he plopped down onto a nearby seat. I tipped my cap to him, said, “Good morning,” and left him there.
Several hours, tests, blood draws, bandages, lectures, prescriptions, and moments of frustration later, I’m clean, treated, and discharged from acute care. My phone dings the moment I step out into the waiting area.
, John, let me in,” I plead, pressing my hand flat against the door. “John…” My knees buckle beneath me at imagining him collapsed on the floor, shaking with fear and pale as a sheet, silent sobs wracking his body. I ache to hold him, to keep him in my arms and reassure him that I’m here.
Around mouthfuls, I respond, “Sherlock’s fine. Healing rather well, although he keeps forgetting he’s injured and is careless at times. But, you know, he’s wouldn’t be Sherlock if he didn’t do that.”
“Hope you’re not having second thoughts?” John jokes with a lopsided smirk while I shrug out of my shirt.
! Instead of continuing to speak, I stare, blinking rapidly and clenching my fists at my sides. Restless agitation sends sparks through my muscles, filling my chest with an annoying hum.
Sherlock leans down to press a soft kiss to my cheek before turning away and stalking to his wardrobe, flinging the doors aside to find some suitable clothing for our upcoming meeting with Mycroft. It never fails to surprise me the moments that he chooses to keep appearances when compared with the stubborn petulance he so often displays. (The “sheet episode” at Buckingham Palace comes to mind.)
. And yet it isn’t. It can’t be. We’ve had a lifetime apart between then and now. With a deep breath and a nod to myself, I take that first step back into our flat. A glance at Sherlock reveals a single grey eye under the mop of dark brown curls, cheek still pressed into the leather--watching me. Waiting.
Before he can get off the floor, I’m on my knees and snatching at his dressing gown to keep him with me. “No? Sherlock?” I search his face, confused.
At that, the man in front of me stopped dead in his tracks while the blood drained from his face. “Supernatural, you say? You don’t mean...the rumors, are they…?” He glanced around as if certain a creature of the forest was lurking behind the curtains.
His feet shuffle across the lino as he moves a bit closer and rests a tentative touch on my hand. Though I flinch, I fight to keep it in place. Every instinct in me is screaming to
“Greg, hi,” I start, throwing him a false smile. He’s too busy staring at Sherlock, shellshocked, to notice me. I clear my throat and he blinks, startling back to reality while his eyes snap to mine.
I prepare our cups and walk over to him, setting his down on the coffee table. As I turn away, about to go to my chair, I hear the creak of the leather cushions adjusting.
I don’t know what he’s thinking or feeling about these letters. I had asked Molly to bring them here, but in the intensity of returning home from the hospital, the memory was nearly deleted entirely. I hadn’t paid much mind to the table, only to snort as John continued adding post to the already irritating pile.
John takes a deep, shuddering breath and steels himself, jaw working as he swallows. “Yes. However, I need to…” His eyes roam again, pausing at my pelvis as they have several times already. “I need to be able to focus and I don’t trust that I can if you aren’t at least wearing pants, Sherlock.”
The two rose to their feet, saying a few last goodbyes to the dogs at the shelter, and then left the kennel.
“Shut up, Sherlock. You’re not listening to me,” John interrupts, huffing out a sigh. “I can’t marry Mary because I’m not in love with her. She was...a
A blink, then an eyebrow raise. Refusing to rise to the bait. I’ve missed our sparring in my time away enough that I could almost smile.
I waved my hand between us and looked over at the fire, feigning indifference to his praise. Secretly, pride was swelling in my chest at his acknowledgement of my contribution to Henry Knight’s psychological well-being. I wanted to say
I will depart in the morning. Watson be damned--I’ll gain entry to his property, even if it means we go to fisticuffs about it.
here, he’d be outgunned. Admit it, John, and head over there,” I say, pointing off to my right. “There’s an office on the far end of the room.”
He doesn’t believe me, he’s shaking his head. “You’re not real, Sherlock. Stop this, stop it right now. Let me die here, let me--” Suddenly we’re back in the sweets warehouse, and John’s on his knees, eyes burning into me while he pleads. “Let me die here,” he repeats. “I’m tired of fighting for a life that’s a lie. That isn’t worth it,” he begs, his voice cracking. I blink and now he’s lying on the pavement in front of Barts, black-red blood oozing from the back of his skull in a wide circle. His hair is matted to his broken head, eyes glassy and pupils constricted to pinpoints while he stares up at me. His mouth moves, but no sound erupts. I watch his lips, and realize with a sickening horror what he’s begging of me.
I’m going to go mad. I want to scream. I want to throw my chair. I want to shake his shoulders and demand that he
him.” He swallows thickly before using the last of his cigarette, breath stuttering out of him. “Immensely,” he adds before dropping his butt to the ground and stepping on it to put the fire out. “If you don’t agree with hospitalization, what would you suggest? We can’t let him keep behaving like this.”
“Tea?” John asks me while I sway around the flat, playing my violin and navigating the web of information surrounding Moran and our recent interaction. I pull open the door in my Mind Palace to the Moriarty wing--it’s full of names, faces, locations, various crimes that I’ve linked to them and ones I know are related but I have yet to connect the direct line. And, of course, the triple locked, padded room where I keep Moriarty himself for those times I need to dissect his twisted brain. I will not be opening that room today. This isn’t about him--this is about Moran and his unusually strong and concerning interest in
The waiting room silences immediately at my outburst, heads turning slowly towards us. Mycroft’s eyes narrow in frustration as he leans closer to me, willing some semblance of privacy to our conversation and pointedly ignoring our audience. “Doctor Watson, I can have you escorted out of here and brought right back to the hospital you came from if it’s necessary. I hope I won’t need to go so far, though, and that you can remember your place in all of this.”
“So I’ve heard. However, a man has disappeared, and I have been employed to find out why,” I replied with a shrug as I tugged my hat onto my head. “And I have yet to hear the tale of how the woods came to be so dangerous, so I will find out for myself.”
Sherlock wave his hand dismissively and continues plotting our evening while I shrug at Greg. “It’s probably mostly adverts and other junk, to be honest. We’ll…,” I glance at Sherlock, who glares my direction. “
Across the field he watched as the storm ravaged the forest. He wondered if the dark shadows at the base of the trees held anything resembling his nightmares. Part of him hoped it did. The other part was terrified.
Straightening my shoulders, I throw my chin out in a display of confidence and respond curtly, “Doctor Watson, please. We aren’t familiar enough for first names, Moran.”
,” he repeats. “I...as you know I am usually a man of action, preferring to face challenges the moment I recognize them and respond in kind. I have never been prone to anxieties, and typically matters of sentiment are so easily dismissed that I rarely even notice when they arise. However, I find myself...stuck. Trapped? Paralyzed? Any of those words will do to describe the feeling I have when it comes to...
“I calculated it. Come on, John. We have to go outside, now!” He tugged at John’s hand, pulling him out to the bus stop.
a terrified, tiny voice asks in the corner of my thoughts, giving into the shameful fear coursing through my body.
. Not usually, anyway. I hold his serious stare, allowing the briefest of apologies to flash across my face. He catches it, naturally, and gives a curt nod before his features resume their usual distance.
Icy fingertips trailed against the back of his neck as the presence shifted to his other side and argued, “
“John, I appreciate everything you’ve done to help my brother, but at this time your services are not necessary,” Mycroft states as evenly as he can--a mask. His fist is tight on the handle of his umbrella, however--tension. Anger. Fear. Hurt. Pain. His knuckles are white. He’s just as scared as I am, and apparently it’s causing him to be an idiot if he thinks I’m leaving right now.
John sighed. It was a long, exhausted sigh, full of regret and discomfort. He blinked slowly, licking his lips, and then stared up at the ceiling of his bedroom. His face felt heavy, and his bones ached with exertion and poor weather. Above him, he heard the
I’m staring, and I do not care in the slightest as I memorize every inch of his glorious skin. From his broad, muscled shoulders, past the puckered flesh of his scar, down the lean planes of his abdomen, through the coarse hair trailing below his belly button to his hard,
“Afternoon,” John says, clearing his throat. He smiles over at me, a curt one full of stress and fear. He removes his coat and hangs it up, shutting the door to the flat in the process.
Sherlock waves his free hand dismissively. “Details. Plus, if I had crutches I wouldn’t have the pleasure of your...
His therapist has expected him to use writing as a coping skill in the past (a successful trial, though the adrenaline from chasing criminals through London worked much better).
John strode forward, winding his arms around Sherlock’s waist and pulling him into the room. He kicked the door shut and stepped forward, pressing the taller man against it. “On the contrary, Sherlock Holmes, I find this all rather
, I remind myself as I watch his eyelids sink at the effects of his pain relief. He struggles against it, blinking heavily and shaking his head while his gaze becomes distant and unfocused.
The rest of the test time flew by, leaving John rushing at the end. He did his best, plopped it onto his professor’s desk, and slunk out of the classroom at the back of the pack. Even Mike had finished before him, a rare occurrence between them. Throwing his backpack over his shoulder, John checked his watch and considered what he would do between exams.
days. Finally, my phone dings while I’m in the middle of analyzing different strains of bacteria that could be used to incapacitate a victim. (It’s for a case,
“How could you do that?!” I shout, losing control of my barely subdued rage. “How could...I can’t believe this! You’re the bloody police, how could you let this happen? I thought he was dead, I can’t believe--”
“John, wake up,” a familiar baritone commands softly in my ear. A few errant curls brush my cheek, and I flinch involuntarily, skin hypersensitive and ticklish. “John, it’s time…,” the voice continues, so close that it rumbles in my chest. A brief flutter settles in my stomach as I lean forward, chasing the rich tones I know all too well.
“Sherlock,” John murmurs, his hand coming up to card through my curls. His tone sounds as lost and confused as I feel. “Can we talk?”
Is this what is happening between John and I? Is he merely fond because I almost died in his arms? Because I
As John walked to class, his phone went off again. Probably just Mike confirming he got the message. He ignored it and kept going, but then his pocket vibrated again. And again. And
“John, it’s time. Wake up,” he repeats, tone shifting towards irritation for needing to repeat himself. He
“Yeah...I do. Not all the time. The medication...it won’t stop that. I have to manage it in other ways.” There’s a flash outside the window, followed by the crash of thunder loud enough to rattle the entire house. Below us, I can hear Mrs. Hudson’s yelp as she rushes to grab one of her many trinkets from plummeting off a shelf. The room illuminates again as another bolt of lightning flies across the darkened sky, the storm raging on. If I were prone to metaphor I might compare it to our lives as they stand currently--safe within Baker street while chaos surrounds us, trying to force its way in.
***to skip the consent issue, stop reading when Sherlock says "Hamish, I love how you taste" and skip forward to the break followed with "Time passed."***
Entering the trees was like being enveloped in a gigantic shield as the wind and rain suddenly stopped their assault. The sound of the storm seemed captured by glass, distorted as if John was under water.
was there, grinning that sick, dead-eyed grin at me. I'm choking on the stifling, copper tinted air around me and the acidic sting of bile,
“You know full well his name is Greg,” he murmurs, tilting his head to rest on the side of my shoulder.
going?” She waggles her eyebrows at me, a knowing smirk on her lips. “This is an old house, dear. These floors aren’t soundproof, you know.”
I mimic him, taking a sip of my own tea while keeping his gaze. “John, you know full well what my answer will be.”
“It can wait,” I state, turning my head towards John’s belly. His lap is a warm and comfortable pillow, and the fingers threading through my curls and tickling my scalp are too irresistible to abandon for the Detective Inspector. The ringing stops, and I inhale deeply, losing myself in John’s scent. Two minutes pass, and then--
Gaze falling to the rugby bag on the floor, his thoughts drifted to his now routine evening rendezvous with the handsome man named John. He wondered if perhaps his irritating roommate and John knew each other. They clearly had practice together.
“Mycroft,” John said quietly, setting down the kettle. The cat ignored him, crouching as it crept backwards away from the doorway. His nails scraped along the slate hearth as he slid across the floor, tail tucked low behind him. A skitter from the bedroom drew John's attention, pulling his gaze from the cat.
“Did you?” A voice like silk and venom, full of contempt, slithered into his ears, wiping his mind completely blank and freeing him from the torture in his arm. The words floated, surrounding him as they enveloped him in dissonant feelings of comfort and panic.
My hands reach up to claw at my throat, feeling the tube that was hastily jammed down it being slowly, torturously removed.
. Specifically, my involvement in any. I was honest, yet I fear I may have pushed his interest away. I suppose I might have been unsure--I usually am uncomfortable when dealing with...
John’s hands pressed harder into his dying friend, thick blood gurgling out around them from the bullet wound. Wishing he could swipe at the intrusion, he instead shrugged his shoulder up, hoping to make it go away. Beneath him, Greg squirmed and writhed, face contorted in a scowl as the color drained from his face.
The sound of the post being delivered jars me to the present, so I get to my feet and head to the door. I need a break from his anxious energy, and I owe Mrs. Hudson a hello. As the knob unlatches, Sherlock stops his agitated movements, his head snapping up to stare at me.
“Fine. Get him onto a bed,” I command as I push off of the floor, mindful of John’s unconscious form below me. “And don’t you dare strap him down. He’s been through enough trauma in the past week, he doesn’t need you idiots triggering more.” Fishing in my jacket pocket, I find the key to my cuffs and lean down to unlock and remove them. Seems they had an extreme effect on him, and I swallow back the stone of guilt at my need for them. As I move away, the doctor and several nurses move into John’s space, checking his pulse, pupils, and other vital signs before rolling him to his side.
John. Still shocked John. As if I have ever been known to do things less than perfect. His time away from me has made him forget.
“Mm,” I agree in the moments before the world fades away into nothing but black, filled with the sounds of the rain pelting the windows, the thunder breaking open the sky, and the clock ticking.
I sink to the floor in the hallway, knees suddenly weak and tremulous, and lose myself in a vortex of swirling, terrible emotions.
“Let’s make it a year, shall we?” I add under my breath as I turn to walk away, my damp coat thudding heavily against my calves.
Along my stroll through the village back to the inn, I passed the local market filled with servants and maidens bartering for items to make their supper. Unfortunately, the village is of a size that each person recognizes the other, and newcomers such as myself draw exaggerated attention. The moment I entered the edge of the market to become acquainted with their customs and wares, the townspeople fell quiet except for their hushed conversations about
Thank you EVERYONE who read and left a kudos or comment--even those who have been secretly following--THANK YOU for your readership and support. I encourage you to leave me a note here or send me a message on Tumblr (@Arcwin1) if you have thoughts about the story.
Again the voice licked at his ear, a tickle on the tiniest of hairs on his skin as it purred, “Leave him, then.”
Tossing my phone down, I stride quickly down the hall, dressing gown fluttering behind me. “John? John!?” I call, pounding on the door. “John, let me in,
That’s it. I don’t have to listen to this. “Shut it, you prat.” I stare at the clock. I missed lunch... again. The clock seems to be speeding forward to spite me. Just like everything else in my life apparently.
. It’s not fair. Distrust feels involuntary, like slamming a foot on the brake to avoid an accident even when you’re not the driver.
She laughs, a tittering, joyous sound I hadn’t realized I missed until now. “Oh, no, John. That’s not what I meant at all. Of course he’s healing fine--
“Hm?” he mumbled. Swallowing, he picked up his glass of water and took a large gulp. “Something wrong?”
sure. In actuality I doubted, no--hoped, in fact--that he wouldn’t be so dim-witted. He proved me right in more ways than one.
him how much he means to me. Even if he will interpret it as an act, a ruse related to my showing him how to dance for his wedding (to
Seconds, minutes, hours, days passed--John couldn't tell, as the moment felt timeless and yet instantaneous. The world stopped spinning, the trees stood still once more, and above him, he heard the call of a crow.
of what you need--violence, an outlet for all that anger--but it isn’t the good stuff. Nah, he can’t give you what you truly want, what you
I could use another cigarette to calm my thundering heart, but now’s not the time. “Well, to put it bluntly, you assaulted Mycroft Holmes for touching you and I ended up putting you flat before you got sedated.”
He nods, shoving his hands roughly in his pockets, and closes the distance to the door, cold fingers fumbling with his key. My feet are frozen, unable to move as I watch him disappear into the dark doorway and consider what awaits us upstairs. Another panic attack? More inaccurate ramblings about morality? Will he finally rage at me for leaving him?
John frowned, caught off guard, then looked down at his body to double check his clothing and gear was correct. Sometimes in a rush, he’d run off to practice still holding his backpack full of bio and anatomy texts, but it wasn’t the case today.
A deep, shuddering breath later and I close the gap, sliding my hand over his and hooking my fingers around to rest under his palm. While I’m sure it’s reflexive, I feel his fingers tighten reassuringly around mine, holding them in place. I stroke the top of his wrist with my thumb and lean back in my chair, determined to wait for him to wake. His chest rises and falls, reminding me of the tide, and I find myself being lulled to sleep by it, the hint of a smile settling involuntarily on my face.
.” I don’t bother keeping the loud moan from crawling out of my throat, my eyes sliding shut involuntarily while my knees wobble under his touch. He takes it as an invitation to start trailing wet, open-mouthed kisses along my jawline, his fingers tightening in my curls to hold me still against his onslaught.
“Your brother--” I gasp as he sucks on my pulse point, hands snaking up my shirt to tug at my nipples.
I’ve been spending most of my free time baking, as usual, when I haven’t been busy tidying up your flat. Really, Sherlock, consider beating the rugs from time to time. The dust in there is intolerable. I don’t know how you manage without sneezing all the time.
we’re talking about. A bullet to the leg is hardly enough to kill him. Hell, he didn’t even die when he jumped off the roof of Bart’s. I’m starting to think he might be invincible.”
“What else of mine is here?” I ask, realization dawning. I set the mug down and cross my arms, immediately feeling aggressive. Anger flares inside me at his lack of response; his dismissal of my concern. As usual, he fails to see the problem, like the idiot he is. Slowly, he lifts his head completely off the couch to stare at me. His face is statuesque, impassive. A mask.
. Stretching my arm out, I twist my fingers in the sheets and sigh. Sherlock isn’t in bed. My chest aches, my stomach dropping with the automatic fear that he regrets our actions last night. That I’m too much of a
just shot,” he chides as he places his hands on my shoulders, stepping between my knees. Our eyes are nearly level like this, our bodies so close I can feel the warmth from his skin and his breath on my face. His scent wafts over me, some of it familiar and some of it
Sherlock was kneeling next to him, doing the same. “Not until we have a house, I’m afraid,” he commented, grabbing an Irish Setter by the head and ruffling its ears. Kissing the dog’s head, he whispered something gentle while stroking its neck.
Perhaps you should consider doing the fieldwork yourself. It would do you wonders around the midsection.
“Of course I want you to come home with me, John,” I interrupt, voice firmer than I expected it would be.
, the man who abhors emotion with every fiber of his being. I did this to myself, and I’ll have to deal with the consequences of it once he rejects me, repulsed by my
“Well, what would you like to know about me?” John asked, folding his hands in front of him on the table. Around them, the clatter of forks on plates and idle chatter seemed to fade as the man stared at him, blue-gold eyes soft and friendly. A light brown stubble covered his chin and cheeks, and his blonde hair was wind swept and falling down onto his forehead. His hand, tan from the rugby practices, came up to brush it aside, and Sherlock was speechless.
Even through his Belstaff I can feel the sharp angles of his hip bones under my fingers, and it spurs a traitorous thought:
Inhaling deeply through his nostrils, Watson cocked his head to the side and huffed, then smiled in a way that sent a chill up my back. “I’m sure the innkeeper informed you of the dangers in the forest,
“Focus on how you feel. Dancing is about feelings, not thoughts,” I explain, breath hitching in my throat as he stares into my eyes. (Intense.
“Do you?” It’s now or never, John. We need to get this out in the open so we can move forward. “I’m tired of avoiding it, of acting like it isn’t happening. Please, just...tell me about it,” I plead, reaching to lay my palm over his heart. He flinches when I touch him, but doesn’t pull away like I fear he might. The rain continues outside, picking up in speed and beating at the window. The wind howls against the brick, filling the room with its eerie cries. The clock near my wardrobe ticks one hundred and thirty seven times before he finally relaxes against me, dropping his head down and letting his breath go with a slow, shuddering sigh.
The moment he unlocked it, his face turned four shades of red and he nearly dropped his phone. He fumbled it in his fingers for a few seconds.
“No, absolutely not, Sherlock. Not this time. You’re still on the mend. We don’t need to go rushing off. They’ve got it sorted.” We have been home for barely two days and he’s still got a limp--it’s ridiculous that he’s considering chasing questionable leads. I’m just as eager as he is find some resolution and see this through, but enough is enough. “Let them check it out. He probably
Returning his attention to his hand, he examined it for fractures and determined it bruised and nothing more. A threat, then.
He releases my hands with a scoff, face drawing up in a ridiculous expression. “Go shower, old man. I’ll make you a new cup of coffee, since you so perfectly ruined the last one. Once you’re dressed we will talk about the case. I have my eye on a night out at Angelo’s.” His eyes light up before he twirls me around toward the bathroom, patting my arse as he shoos me down the hall.
“Anthea,” I say quietly. She nods in my periphery and the car shifts gears and pulls away from the curb, heading back through the maze of London’s chaos to our offices, our haven.
Breaking the thick silence surrounding us, John comments bluntly, “Those are song lyrics. From The Police, yeah?
“They didn’t go anywhere from there,” Lestrade replies, tone flat with exhaustion. “I’ve been staking it out myself just to be sure. I didn’t want...well, after what happened the last time we were there...we were careless last time. Not again,” he asserts, hands on his hips and voice full of steel. “I have my best folks there now, watching every exit. I only left when you texted so I could give you the update myself. Knew you wouldn’t believe anyone else.” He pulls a chair over from the table and slumps down into it, knees falling open as he yawns.
All at once, the cacophony of the gale around the forest ceased, leaving the place eerily quiet save for the pounding of his own heart in his ears. John thought of Mycroft, settled in his chair next to the fire, purring contentedly. Not knowing that John was bargaining with his very life as he knelt on the forest floor, awaiting the judgment and sentencing of the orphic man behind him. Part of him knew he ought to feel something,
At the edge of the market was a man of smaller stature than most German men who had sandy blonde, scruffy hair with piercing eyes who was not busying himself with gossip like the rest of the idlers. Instead, he was staring directly at me across the market, his nostrils flaring as he inhaled. It was unnerving knowing this man was watching my every move, as he did nothing to hide his clear interest in me. I wondered if perhaps he was paranoid of strangers, though the way he held himself did not suggest fear. Far from it, in fact. Our eyes lingered on each other, for his gaze seemed a challenge that I did not want to back down from.
After a few more breaths, he pulls me upright, bringing our chests flush. I can feel his heart pounding behind his ribs, a steady thumping that mimics my own. It’s grounding in a way, reminding me that we are both human, both alive and wrapped around each other. This isn’t another exercise in my Mind Palace. This is
“John?” he asks from behind me, voice tight with exhaustion. He obviously wasn’t physically ready to leave the hospital. Getting dressed left him breathless. He refused a wheelchair,
They walked to the bus stop together and waited, watching a bus as it came trundling down the road towards them. John knew it was exactly the one he needed to get to his exam, and he smiled.
He coughs quietly in an attempt to clear his throat and jumpstart his vocal chords before speaking in a meek, disbelieving voice, “John. You’re...you’re here.”
“Mycroft, of course I’ll return to Baker street. Don’t be an arsehole,” I hear from over my right shoulder. The back of my neck immediately tingles with a flood of embarrassment, shame, and excitement that John has been privy to at least some of this exchange between us. I take a deep breath before turning to face him, needing visual observation to properly assess his emotional state and determine whether he means what he says.
A breeze ruffles my hair, flapping it softly against my forehead, and I open my eyes to see the skyline of London in front of me and the street below. I’m on the roof at Bart’s, and I know with the acrid, bitter taste of bile rising in the back of my throat that Moriarty is behind me. He wants me to jump to save them.
Following our stumbling, awkward attempt at getting him fully dressed (interspersed with a creative variety of curses from both of us), we find ourselves standing at the doorway to exit the flat. Mycroft texted moments ago to let us know he'd arrived and was expecting us, yet neither of us seem intent on breaking open the relative safety of Baker Street. The entire atmosphere has changed between us, settling somewhere in the middle of nervous excitement about this new dimension of our relationship and the comfortable familiarity we held before everything happened.
The taste in his mouth was awful, a bitterness that wouldn't wash away no matter how many times he swallowed. His stomach growled its frustration with him, and he thought of the oats and doorknob. Would it be the same, now? Was he forever trapped in that parallel world with the wrong cat and the wrong house?
. Walking the line between pleasure and pain, the line between staying forever and leaving without a look back. Never a grey area, never a moment that he thought they could make it work without him losing all of what he is. Losing all of his humanity, losing all of his soul.
words to accurately elucidate the cyclone of emotions and thoughts battering themselves against the inside of my ribs.
Once I returned to the village, I partook of a small dram of morphine and settled myself by the fireplace to let me thoughts wander without tethers. I do some of my best thinking in this state, as the anxieties of daily life are stripped away and my consciousness is free to roam. I awoke as the early roosters announced dawn, the soft grey light peeking through the curtains at the opposite end of the dim room.
Taking the stairs two at a time feels like molasses, yet my broken body fights against moving any faster. I hate it, hate how much pain I’m in and how much it pales in comparison to what Sherlock’s just survived.
John plants his feet and stands up straight, clearly unsure about my plan. “I don’t like the idea of you going alone. You’re still injured,” he says, resting a hand on my forearm.
name, though somewhere deep in his lungs he knew it wasn’t complete possession. It was merely agreeing to the arrangement, going along with it because he didn’t know what else to do. He felt like a cat, seeing the benefits of his master and determining they outweighed the risks. When his thoughts could connect enough to remind him of this reality, he felt a spark of power low in his belly.
Waving his hand, Sherlock smirked. “Same way I can tell you’ve been wanking off to me since we met two weeks ago.”
But first, he’d eliminate the mold problem entirely. He wanted his arsehole roommate, the elusive “SH” to do it, but short of setting a spring trap for the man it didn’t seem likely he’d get his way. Right as he was about to pull out his cleaners, the phone dinged in his rugby bag.
Also, John surprised me in this chapter quite a bit. I had a whole different track planned and BAMF John swooped in and changed everything on me!
After repairing his relationship with the cat and restarting the fire, John walked into the kitchen and grabbed the tin of oats.
I reach the restricted area and smack the call button with the palm of my hand, leaning down to glance through the tiny window at the security guard on the other side. “John Watson, here to see Sherlock Holmes. I’m...I’m on the list.” The guard nods as a buzzing sound indicates the lock release and I snatch open the door, narrowly avoiding slamming into Mycroft. I teeter backwards, nearly losing my balance as I dance around him.
, Sherlock. They’re...I was angry, Sherlock. I was so angry, and hurt, and I put all of that and more into these letters. It’s...it’s
“Good morning, Gavin!” I shout, using both palms to thrust open the warehouse door and step out into the cool, clear twilight. The air is brisk, immediately condensing the exhalations from my mouth into fat clouds as I look up and down the street, orienting myself to my surroundings.
Huffing out a chuckle to myself, I look at my feet while stubbing out my own completed cigarette. “How’s the arm?” I ask with a smirk. He shifts from one foot to the next before setting the corners of his mouth in an annoyed grimace. “
He clears his throat, clearly still uncomfortable. His feet fidget on the floor, fingers toy with the loose thread. The flush in his cheeks is more prominent, and he keeps opening his mouth as if he’s about to speak.
Lestrade snorts next to me, hiding his laugh, and turns to mutter something unintelligible to John, who chuckles in kind. They both glance back at myself and Mycroft, a few more chuckles escaping them as they share a conspiratorial look with one another. Rolling my eyes at them, I begin surveying the room we’re in--an office of some sort. No evidence of disturbance--empty desk and shelving, save a few crumpled pieces of rubbish here and there from well over a year ago. The warehouse has been inhabited by rats--unsurprising given the leftover sweets materials lurking in the storerooms. Moran and his lackeys must have used other, more discreet areas in the building.
With a quick slide of his thumb, John shut the screen off before Mike could see what was there. “Nothing,” he lied, face continuing to turn shades of purple and red. “Just...nothing.”
One of the few things I took when I moved--a simple, white mug with the Union Jack on the inside. It shouldn't be here. Nothing that I took with me should be here, and yet
Instead, I nod and he pulls open the door, revealing my annoying brother, Anthea, and Lestrade. Distinct lack of Molly Hooper--good. I would have throttled my brother soundly if he had insisted on her presence this evening. Mycroft barely pays me a glance, his eyes flicking towards me as casually as if he were noticing some leaves rustling in the wind.
I went to Watson’s house shortly after dawn. The forest was barely alive, and the silence in the trees was as thick and heavy as a wet blanket. It was remarkable, the way the woods seemed to envelope me, hiding the outside world from all senses. It was as if I stepped into another realm entirely, and if I believed in the supernatural
His thoughts were at war. He felt like an innocent bystander in his own mind, watching the two factions debate the pros and cons of getting on the bus. Beside him, Sherlock grinned like a fool, clearly convinced he was going to get on that bus and go with him. Their hands were still intertwined between them, fingers laced together. Sherlock squeezed his hand affectionately, clearly thrilled that he had won the battle with John’s conscience.
Squatting on my haunches, I reached for the cap, fingers brushing against the fabric just as a low growl shook me in my own skin. Snatching up the hat, I turned my head to the right just as another growl crawled up my spine and made my breath catch in my throat.
. I know what a sympathetic nervous system response looks like, John. What do you…,” he pauses, searching for words. “How can I help you with it?”
This evening’s interaction was his favorite so far. As they approached each other on the green, a blush darkened John’s neck and cheeks. Sherlock smirked--the man had continued masturbating while thinking about him. It made his heart race, thinking about John’s strong hands wrapped around his cock while he bit back Sherlock’s name.
“Obviously,” I reply with false sarcasm, rolling my eyes. He smirks and drops the bag in a chair to come help me as I throw the blanket off my lap and swing my legs over the side of the bed.
“I didn't have the chance to introduce myself,” I called after him. He paused a moment, never turning back to face me, and shook his head before continuing on. I considered shouting after him a second time, but the set of his muscular shoulders informed me that keeping my silence was the wiser option.
. Though I cannot begin to contain my excitement at his need for me, I find a thrill in making myself wait.
He purses his lips, suppressing a scowl at my implied insult. “I can assure you that he is in good care, John.”
His head cocks ever so slightly to the side, face deliberately blank. “No.” He moves to stand, withdrawing his hand from mine and shifting his feet underneath him to stand.
In his daze, John barely realized that he’d stopped breathing the moment he locked eyes with the man. The burning continued, though he couldn’t force himself to care enough to remedy it.
of the door as it unlatches startles me, and I’m unsurprised to see him returning with a doctor who is holding a syringe.
“Nonsense,” Sherlock dismissed with a wave of his hand. “I know how intelligent you are, and I know how much you studied beforehand. I also know how challenging the course material is, and calculating in a small range for error, I expect you to come home with a 94% on The Big One. The others, probably similar though I didn’t spend as much time on the statistics and probability for them. This
Sherlock's face fell. What had he done to the cuddly, jumper wearing doctor? His actions he knew would hurt the doctor but in the end it was to save him. Sherlock raised his steely
Sherlock and John finally get back to the conversation they were having more they were so rudely interrupted.
Sherlock shuddered thinking of John with that woman. Mary. His John with anyone else was just ridiculous. And there was something about Mary that Sherlock didn’t trust. She was hiding something that Sherlock was unable to deduce. Likely because of the situation he was not at the top of his game. He just didn’t know what to do about getting John back. Sherlock struggled with feeling like he didn't have the right to disrupt John’s life again. Maybe he should just try to forget about the army Doctor. Maybe this is what that asinine quote about loving something and letting it go meant.
"I'm fine, Mrs Hudson. I've missed you, too. My mission just took a bit longer than expected." He gave her a quick kiss on the cheek by way of greeting.
“Well, as it were, I’ve been plagued by horrible nightmares. And since I am out of patches and drugs are a bit not good, research indicates that one way to relax is human contact as it releases the chemicals….” Sherlock was cut off by John pulling back his duvet. “Come ‘ere then. Save me the science lesson.”
“It has been quite a day. But, John, I do love you very much. We all do, just no one else more than me. At least I hope not.” Sherlock chuckled.
Sherlock, having heard his annoying brother, entered the kitchen. “Go away, brother mine. It’s far too early for your ‘matters of national importance.’”
Everything stopped for the men as realization dawned on both of them. Not a word was said but they read everything in each other's eyes and faces. One of John's hands reached up and gently, almost hesitatingly, cupped Sherlock's cheek, running a thumb along those ridiculous cheekbones. The detective leaned his head into the touch. At the same time, he ran his hand up John's back and rested just behind his neck while he adjusted his other arm to be properly wrapped around his waist, holding him as if he was the most precious thing in all the world. Finally, after years of denying their feelings, dying, coming back, escapades all over the world kept secret from each other, and their enemies finally slain, their lips met for the first time.
Sherlock fell back into his chair unceremoniously. When did he even fall in love with John? How, after so long of protecting himself by shutting off all emotion, did this seemingly unassuming, ordinary man find his way into Sherlock’s heart? There was no denying after examining the data, he was indeed in love with his blogger. And not just a passing crush or physical attraction. He knew that this was all much deeper than that. From the moment he laid eyes on John, he knew there was something different about him but after that first case, he not only killed a man to save Sherlock, he stayed. John Hamish Watson did not run when Sherlock became his arrogant, insulting, cruel self. Instead, John tried to understand. He saw the man behind the mask. He refused to ever believe Sherlock when he declared himself to be a high functioning sociopath.
Sherlock explained the looks, the touches, and everything he had observed about John’s behavior. Molly listened patiently with a knowing smile on her face.
Sherlock was anxious for the rest of the day. He thought at least 17 ways to tell John how he felt about him but none of them were perfect. This needed to be perfect. He paced the flat until Mrs. Hudson came up and told him to stop stamping his feet when he walked. He picked Angelo’s for the sake of sentiment. They were on their first case when they went there and John managed to get over his limp, leaving his cane there as they chased a cab through the streets of London, trying to catch a serial killer but in the end finding a very confused American tourist. Sherlock smiled at the memory. When they first met, he knew John was different and had immediate feelings toward him but he didn’t realize at that time, it was love. And then it hit him. He knew how the night had to progress for him to be able to tell John how he felt. Sherlock immediately made a call and then started to get dressed for dinner.
I'm really enjoying writing this fic and it's been an awesome and needed distraction while I've been waiting for a few things to fall into place.
Thank you all who have read this story and taken time to comment and give kudos! It's really appreciated. :-)
“Sherlock, you are a very difficult man. You blow up the kitchen and you burn my jumpers. You don’t seem to understand the mundane tasks that make the world go round and refuse to participate in them,” Sherlock was looking away as if preparing for the rejection he saw coming. John reached up and gently turned Sherlock’s face back to him and continued, “But you are a brilliant man. You care more than you will ever let yourself believe. You may not see the million ways you do care towards our friends or even me, you may not be conventional about it, but the love is there. Sherlock Holmes, you saved my life the moment you asked me ‘Afghanistan or Iraq’. I knew life with you would never be boring. Of course, I love you, too. It’s always been you, without a doubt.” John gave Sherlock the widest smile as he had tears threatening to fall from his glistening eyes.
Sherlock must have been desperate for a case as John estimated this was barely a 4 on Sherlock’s case scale. Within 5 minutes of being on the scene, the case was solved. The man had been killed by his wife with his own gun after she found him cheating. Dull. Once they applied just a bit of pressure to the wife, she confessed.
“I’m having a lovely time but it seems rather important for Greg to be so insistent on getting you to the crime scene.”
I'm so sorry for the delay everyone! You know, occasionally real life gets in the way. But thank you so much for the kudos and comments!! I'm so happy, so many of you are enjoying the story.
The car stopped in front of an old warehouse. And the woman got out of the car with her face still buried in her phone, and indicated Sherlock should go in. After a quick glance of his surroundings, he went through the open bay door to meet his kidnapper. He could see the shadow of someone ahead of him but it wasn’t until he got much closer that he could make out who the person was.
After returning his gun to it’s proper place in his nightstand drawer, John joined Sherlock downstairs where he had already turned the kettle on for tea. As promised, John made them a cup of tea and managed to find a rerun of Monty Python and the Holy Grail playing. As they mindlessly watched King Arthur’s crusade, they began to doze off again, leaning against each other on the couch.
Sherlock took him by the hand and led him to his bedroom, he had already changed while John got ready. They climbed into bed, John’s head resting on Sherlock’s chest while Sherlock absentmindedly run his hand up and down John’s back.
The early morning hours found John Watson in the kitchen of 221B Baker Street making a cuppa. After a night of strange dreams, he had abandoned sleep. He couldn’t for the life of him figure out why he was having such vivid, romantic dreams about his flatmate. He is straight, as he often pointed out to those who assumed he and Sherlock Holmes were a couple. Wasn’t he? It hit him last night when they returned from a case that resulted in both of them taking a dip in the Thames. Sherlock in pursuit of the criminal, John to rescue Sherlock as the detective struggled with the criminal and almost went under. They arrived home and started to peel the layers of sopping wet clothing off themselves. John found breathing difficult when Sherlock deposited the Belstaff coat on a chair and his purple shirt was literally painted on to him. The buttons strained on a good day but they almost gave up the fight when wet and pulled tightly across his chest. John almost lost it when Sherlock started to remove the shirt and exposed his pale chest. He had gotten extremely turned on by this. He excused himself to the shower as quickly as possible to avoid any embarrassment if Sherlock noticed his, uhem, issue.
“Oh, Sherlock,” John ran his hand through Sherlock’s curls with one hand and linked his fingers with Sherlock’s with the other, “There is nothing you can do or say that’s going to make me leave you. Yes, we will have spats just as we always do, and we may get upset with each other. I love you and will always love you. You are the most amazing thing that’s ever happened in my life, I don’t want anyone or anything else. We’ll go at your pace, whatever you are comfortable with and start there. This is all new to me too. As long as you are mine, I’m happy.”
“John, I have to talk to you about something.” The words came out harsher than he intended as he was finding words hard to grasp at the moment. He could almost see John physically bracing himself for bad news.
Sherlock looked surprised for moment. Maybe he should have questioned more when he thought John was starting to doubt him. He chastised himself for his own sentimentality. Ultimately, believing John doubted him helped Sherlock keep him safe. He would never regret that. His voice heavy with emotion he said, “Thank you, John.”
Sherlock opened his mouth to unleash once again on Lestrade when John finally stepped in. "Sherlock, a word?"
"When we have pints, you can tell me all the cloak and dagger stuff. Come on then, he's been in a right state since he got back and you've been gone. Hey, Sherlock, someone here for ya!"
Sorry for more scene building but it's needed. The story will pick up soon!!! I'm trying to make the POV changes clear because while it makes sense in my head, I don't want it to be too confusing.
With an uncomfortable groan, Sherlock eased out of bed to change into clean pajamas and brought a flannel and clean clothes for John. After a quick change, they took up their previous position cuddling on the bed. They laid in silence, sharing the occasional sleepy kiss.
That was interesting. The mold was suddenly forgotten and Sherlock went to his mind palace to examine this development. ‘Could he possibly be interested in something more?’ Sherlock replayed the last 6 weeks in clips, analyzing every moment with John to see if there was a hint that he wanted to be more. He knew John was smiling more and seemed happier but that could be attributed to sleeping better; which was the point of the sleeping arrangements. He remembered several moments of touch that last a tick or two longer than necessary, looks that seemed to linger. Sherlock thought maybe this meant that John had started to return his feelings. He was suddenly afraid, he didn’t know enough about these things to trust himself. He couldn’t risk ruining what they had if he was misinterpreting the situation. He needed to talk to someone about this, but who? Mycroft was not an option at all. Mrs Hudson would be exhausting and already thought they were together. Molly? Yes! He would talk to Molly. She was over the crush that she had on Sherlock since the fall. He would go to Bart’s tomorrow and talk to Molly. With that decided, he decided it was time to go to bed. He changed quickly and climbed into bed next to John. John rolled over and wrapped an arm around Sherlock and sighed. Sherlock smiled and fell asleep thinking about finally kissing his doctor.
The waiter appeared with their glasses of wine and a delicious looking plate of various cheeses to nibble on while their meals were being made. John tucked into the starter and Sherlock was staring at him intensely, his hands steepled under his chin. John indulged the scrutiny for a few minutes but it was getting awkward.
Sherlock very discreetly snuck out of the flat. While he had told those who mattered he was back, it was not yet common knowledge. He was headed to Scotland Yard to see Lestrade about some cold cases when he saw a black sedan waiting for him, a young female with her face buried in her phone.
John had already gotten to the kitchen and poured the water. As he turned to walk out of the kitchen, he walked straight into a yawning Sherlock who clearly wasn't expecting a short army doctor in his path. John instinctively raised his hands to brace himself and they landed on Sherlock's chest, as Sherlock wrapped his arms around John as he stumbled. First thing Sherlock processed was that his hands were on John's bare skin which he also wasn't expecting. He leaned back slightly and realized he was holding an almost completely naked blogger. Their eyes met a split second later.
Probably more an an epilogue. Just some happy, lovely fluff as our boys figure out home is where the heart is.
They were instantly greeted by Angelo himself. “Ah, boys! It’s been too long! Come, sit, your usual table.” Angelo ushered them to a small table by the front window. Angelo spoke in a constant stream of small talk, telling John he had been following their cases on his blog and admonishing Sherlock for being too thin. Angelo had stopped being a mere former client several years before and was now part of their rather oddly pieced together family. Angelo turned around and placed a candle on their table, “For the happy couple,” he said and winked at them. “I will prepare your meals tonight, no menus! I know just the thing.” With that Angelo disappeared into the kitchen.
Sherlock turned to look at John. He looked into those deep pools of green, he was looking for strength to speak in those kind eyes he knew he could rely on but could see that John was putting his guard up. He took a deep breath and began; “John, I am a difficult man. Well, that’s an understatement. I’m at the very least a difficult man, at worst a high functioning sociopath with little regard to those around me. I never pretended to understand human emotions, I learned from a young age that caring was not an advantage; a chemical defect. Since I met you, I find I no longer feel the same way. From the moment you walked into Bart’s with Mike, I knew there was something different about you. I was both intrigued and afraid. When you came on that first case with me, you said amazing when most people called me a freak. I told you I was married to my work because I was afraid. Alone was all I had, it was what protected me. I knew if anyone was going to break through the wall I had built around myself, it would be you. And I was terrified of the control that would give you over me. John, you saw me. When no one else bothered to understand me, you did. You made me feel like I mattered beyond the work. You-you saved my life in so many ways. You are the bravest, kindest, wisest man I have ever had the good fortune of knowing. I knew as you started to break down the wall I put up to protect myself, that I could trust you with the best and worst of me. Which makes what I’m about to tell you so very frightening. You may walk away and never want to see me again and I wouldn’t be able to bare it,” Sherlock paused and swallowed hard, “John Hamish Watson, I love you.” Sherlock took a breath and looked over at John for his response.
“Oh, Mary, how dull. You thought this all through with your heart and not your head, which is why you will be caught. You are supposed to be a bloody clever assassin.  First of all, my brother pulls this act of whisking someone away to Intimidate other people, not to me. Honestly, think it through. Why would Mycroft need to pull some intimidation tactic with his own brother? He hasn’t intimidated me since I’ve been out of nappies.  Secondly, Anthea having a bit of time off? You honestly think Mycroft gives that poor woman a holiday? And to that end, whoever your accomplice’s are need some serious guidance on how to perform a kidnapping. They left me with my mobile and didn’t even sit in the back with me to make sure I couldn’t use it. These are all beginner’s mistakes, Mary.”
The two fell into comfortable banter, reminiscing, and teasing each other about their various cases and the crazy situations they ended up in. Sherlock would occasionally experiment with John’s personal space by talking just a little softer, requiring John to subconsciously lean closer to Sherlock to hear him over the bustle of the restaurant. He also ever so subtly moved his seat closer to John, who did not seem to mind or notice Sherlock getting closer to him.
John opened his eyes and tried to orient himself. He was in the sitting room, on the couch, curled up on Sherlock. The previous day and night came back to him and he smiled up at Sherlock.
“There’s always something.” Sherlock smiled broadly and moved closer to  John. It was impossible to tell who initiated the kiss as they were both leaning towards each other at the exact same time.
John stifled a giggle. Sherlock stood and offered Mrs. Hudson a kiss on the cheek. "No, Mrs. Hudson. Nothing we can't sort out later."
Sherlock’s face turned ashen when he saw John’s new scar. He reached out and gingerly touched the spot on his arm, he couldn’t stop himself. Tears began to well in his eyes as he looked back up at John’s face.
John reached up and pressed a quick chaste kiss on Sherlock's lips. "Sherlock, I know how important what we were talking about is. And I really appreciate you willing to put aside an obviously very interesting case for me. But that's not who we are, love. We need to help. The sooner you can solve it, the sooner we can return to this."
"I didn't hear any yelling so I thought it might be safe to bring up some welcome home treats to my boys." She looked between the two men. "Oh dear. Am I interrupting something terribly important?"
Sherlock looked briefly hurt before training his face to the blank mask he usually wore. “Ok, John. You can just ignore me and I will endeavor to not run to your side but I can’t promise.”
“I took the liberty of ordering in advance. My understanding is that their sampler menu is not to be missed. I ordered that with a cheese plate and they will provide pairings of wine they deem appropriate to each dish. I hope that is acceptable.” Sherlock asked without really asking. More assuming and hoping  that John would tell him if it was not good.
After a seemingly endless shift at the surgery and then chasing criminals through the streets of London, it had been a long 24 hours since John Watson had last seen his bed. He wasn’t like his flatmate, Sherlock Holmes, he actually needed sleep on a regular basis. He stripped off his clothes, tossing them off to the corner, grabbed a pair of pajama bottoms, and curled up under the blankets. He was asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow. His bedroom door opening a couple hours later woke him from a deep sleep. He had been a light sleeper since he was in the army.
Sherlock looked at John concerned and bewildered. Sentiment really wasn’t his area, but he would learn for John.
“Not really. I’m here aren’t I? It was a bit like an alternate universe though. You took out the evil you, only seemed fitting I took out the evil me.” John flashed him a big smile and started laughing. Sherlock gapped at him for a moment and then gave into the laughter. They had tears in their eyes and could barely catch their breath by the time they stopped.
John always thought, it there was ever a moment that anything could happen between them, it would be in a post case, adrenaline filled moment of passion. He was completely shocked that it happened on a perfectly ordinary morning, completely by accident.
When they got into the flat, Sherlock was practically vibrating with anticipation. He walked directly to his chair and sat, indicating to John he should do the same.  He needed to know what John was feeling and he needed to know NOW. He knew what he saw, but he needed to hear John say it. More importantly, he needed to know what was making John feel doubtful.
John reached out to open the fridge to get the milk and paused. “Sherlock. I don’t know how long you were back in the flat before you told me you were alive. You didn’t restock on body parts did you?”
John’s cheeks flushed. “Sorry, Sherlock. Everything is fine. I just saw it’s half 10. I haven’t slept this late since Uni. Just surprised me.”
I hope this chapter helps make up for it a little bit. I'm hopeful it won't be such a lag between posting.
Sherlock closed his eyes and took a deep breath. “John, I-well-I, uhm, my feelings towards you, they are, well, they aren’t platonic. They never have been.”
Sherlock put out the fire, brought his own glass to the kitchen. By the time he went back to his room, there was an army doctor curled up and fast asleep in his bed. His heart felt warm. He quickly changed himself and climbed into the other side of the bed. “Goodnight, John.”
“This is difficult for me, John. I don’t quite know where to start or how you will react to what I am about to say. So I’m hoping you will allow me to finish.”
Sherlock chuckled and gave Mrs. Hudson a kiss on the cheek. “Can’t get anything passed you, can we, Hudders?”
John gently pulled away from Sherlock, running his hands down his arms and gently grasping Sherlock’s hands. He started to walk backwards towards the bedroom and smiled at Sherlock. A brief look of worry crossed Sherlock’s face before he returned the smile and allowed himself to be lead to his, no their, bedroom. They kicked off their shoes and crawled into the bed as they had so many nights before, only this time not afraid to touch each other. Sherlock pulled himself up so he was half on top of John and kissed him again.
“Uhm, yes. Quite well, thank you. I’m sorry for waking you last night.” Sherlock said with an air of embarrassment in his voice as he started to untangle himself from the doctor.
“I know. And it really is ok. We’re ok. Let’s go get that cuppa.” John stood, walking to the door. He turned back, “I’ll meet you in the kitchen. Gotta lock my gun back up. I thought someone broke in and was killing you.” He gave his signature crooked smile before heading to his room.
“Alright, boys, separate corners or I’m calling Mummy. What do you want, Mycroft? I can only hold him off so long.”
John goes to Baker Street to talk to Sherlock but has more realizations about his feelings before the conversation ever takes place.
“The face you make when you talk to him is hardly a complicated deduction even for those of us who aren’t geniuses.”
Now that Sherlock was looking less peaky, John cleared his throat and looked at his friend with an odd intensity in his eyes. "Sherlock, did Mycroft tell you anything about why I was asked to work for MI6?"
They arrived back at Baker Street later that morning and John went back to resume making the coffee that had been abandoned earlier. Sherlock strode over to his violin and started playing. John placed their coffees down and just listened to Sherlock play. The tune started out light and playful but slowly turned into a deeper melody sounding serious and almost sad. As John closed his eyes and was lost in the music, it abruptly stopped.
John shook his head. "Mycroft always has to make everything more dramatic than it was. When I started working with the yard again without you, I managed to get myself in a few more tight spots than I would've had you been there. Yes, that meant I had to use my own special skills to save my own skin but everything was done in self defense. And I suppose he didn't tell you that the crime I broke up was some arsehole attempting to rape a woman. So yeah, that's on me. I was offered the position with MI6 for a very specific mission."
"You think killing me will make John love you? Hmmm. Possible. I can be rather difficult at times. He’s threatened to do it himself more than once. It would be rather ambitious of you to try though, I couldn’t even successfully kill me.”
Sherlock pulled his phone out of his pocket and kept it low in the seat to avoid drawing attention to himself. He feigned looking out the window having a sulk because his brother was tearing him away from his day.
John let Sherlock’s words roll over him for a moment. Of anything he could have guessed Sherlock was about to tell him, he never expected his to declare his love for John. He stared at Sherlock, trying to piece together how to respond, how to tell him that he loved him as well. He could see Sherlock frantically trying to read his face.
John convinces Sherlock to help Greg with the case even thought Sherlock really doesn't want to go to a crime scene right then.
Something has to change for these guys. John takes the first tiptoe towards deepening their relationship.
“How did I not see what she was, Sherlock? How did I miss something this big? Is Mary Morstan even her name? I was prepared to marry her for Christ’s sake! I’m so tired of all the people I care about lying to me. I can’t take it anymore.” John’s face had been filled with rage as he spoke, then it fell and he just looked broken.
“I’m exhausted, Sherlock. I’m going to head to bed. This is so strange, are you coming with me? Are we sharing a bed now?” John gave a confused but hopeful half smile.
Sherlock hesitated a moment before starting to speak. “John, I have no idea what to say right now. I think this is first. So I’m just going to say it and hope that if you don’t agree, I can teach you how to delete a memory.” Sherlock bit his bottom lip and looked at John with wide eyes. “John, I’m rubbish at emotions and sentiment but I can’t keep ignoring what I am feeling. From the moment we met, I knew there was something different about you. You accepted me for who I am, even though I know I can be difficult. You are my conductor of light, when I'm lost, I know you will lead me home. John, you've made me reconsider my opinion about love being a chemical defect. So I guess I might as well just put it out there. John Watson, I love you.”
Sherlock leaned into John’s hand as a tear rolled down his face. He practically melted with the feeling of relief that washed over him, he pulled John into a hug. “Thank you, John.”
Sherlock realized, he couldn’t delete John even if he tried, which he wasn’t wont to do. John brought him back to his humanity. A side he hadn’t seen in a very,very long time. He would deny it to everyone who asked, but he liked better the man he had become thanks to John. He smirked to himself as he realized he was just too selfish to ever let John go without a fight. He was Sherlock Holmes for God’s sake. Ultimately, he would do as John wished but he couldn’t let go without trying. He didn’t even know if John loved him back as he insisted to anyone who listened that he was not gay. But something about having John even in just close proximity, living at Baker Street with him would be enough. It would have to be. He needed John more than he was willing to admit. He knew it was wrong on some level to try to make John remain single just because he wanted him around but Sherlock didn’t care. He was more than willing to offer whatever physical assistance he could for John’s needs and companionship would not be a problem at all.
As he leaned against the sink, a small sob broke through. Looking up to his reflection in the mirror, John shook his head to himself. ‘Get it together, Watson.’ He thought to himself. He knew this would be a difficult conversation but he had almost wished Sherlock was his usual arrogant, matter of fact self. John knew how to handle that version of Sherlock. But this time, Sherlock let his own emotions show through while he explained everything. His heart bared in his eyes. John didn’t know how to handle this. He wanted to wrap his arms around Sherlock and somehow make it go away. John didn’t even try to convince himself otherwise, he knew he forgave Sherlock for all of it. John splashed his face with cold water and tried to compose himself before going back out into the flat.
He broke the kiss as his mind started whirling. He looked into John’s eyes, feeling vulnerable as he started to doubt himself again. John could see Sherlock’s face fall and he was alarmed.
“Sherlock, are you ok?” John’s brow was creased in worry at his friend who had suddenly started to look upset. They were having a lovely evening, what could Sherlock be thinking of that changed his mood so suddenly? Unless he was thinking the case that didn’t end up so well, namely, Moriarty and the fall. John had to push those memories away. Sherlock came back to him, that’s all that mattered.
John came back to sit on the couch and looked at Sherlock. His unruly curls framing that gorgeous face. Those cheekbones, God those cheekbones. His beautiful full cupid's bow lips. So soft and warm. John dozed off observing Sherlock's stunning features. It wasn't until his head lolled to the side, landing on the detective's shoulder, that Sherlock opened his eyes. He smiled seeing the doctor snoozing there. It wasn't the first time John had fallen asleep on Sherlock's shoulder but this was different. Sherlock very carefully shifted his arm around John's shoulders. He pulled the blanket from the back of the couch and wrapped it around them both. Listening to John's rhythmic breathing, lulled Sherlock to sleep as well, curled up with his blogger.
John woke early the next morning to find that Sherlock had come to bed at some point. He briefly wondered what experiment he had been working on and then grimaced as he thought about the mess in the kitchen he was about to walk into. Careful not to disturb Sherlock, he eased himself out of bed and shuffled down the hall to the kitchen. Surprisingly, just a few mold samples in petri dishes on the kitchen table, all in all not bad. He put the kettle on and then went to take a shower. It was going to be another long day at the surgery, he could just tell. He didn’t really want to go in, much preferring spending time with Sherlock. But there were no cases and he needed to pay the rent.
“Dr. Watson, you are one of the best agents MI6 has. You need to stay on. There are other world problems aside from Moriarty. Be reasonable.”
John removed his suit jacket and sat in his chair opposite Sherlock. He had no idea where to begin to discuss all of this. Sherlock and emotions don’t usually mix and he didn’t want to scare him off if John was feeling something more than Sherlock was. He decided once more he was going to let Sherlock take the lead on this one. John had to be careful here, everything was on the line for him and he couldn’t lose his detective.  John looked over at Sherlock, “What did you want to say at the restaurant, Sherlock?”
They thanked Angelo and tucked into the hearty pasta dish in front of them. Conversation had ceased as they both were too focused on enjoying the meal in front of them. Sherlock even cleared his plate despite the nerves building in his stomach. Things were going well but he still was afraid. If John rejected him, he could lose him forever. He thought back to his conversation with Molly earlier today and tried to find that courage again.
Sherlock walked to his room, pretending he couldn’t feel John’s eyes on him as he walked away. As soon as he shut the door, he released a deep breath. He had just asked John to dinner at a fancy French restaurant and John had said yes. But did John know he meant it as a date? Did he mean it as a date? Clearly John must know that it was something different than just a casual meal between flatmates since when John assumed Angelo’s, Sherlock seemed to catch him off guard by asking him to dinner at Clos Maggiore. How was he going to play this? He knew he had to tread extremely carefully as if he started to show too much interest and John didn’t reciprocate, then John would leave him forever. He couldn’t have that. Losing the army doctor was not an option. Sherlock ran his hands through his hair, why is he risking this now? Why couldn’t he leave well enough alone? His thoughts floated back to this morning, when John helped him up. Their hands seemed to fit so well together. There was something different. He knew John felt it too. The both seemed to be trying to communicate something to each other, but he didn’t know what. ‘Blasted sentiment!’ was all Sherlock thought while trying to clear his mind of all the wishy washy thoughts surrounding his doctor. He needed to clear his mind and approach this in a rational, almost scientific matter. It would not do to lose John because he lacked control over his emotions.
John hugged Sherlock back tightly. “Sherlock, just please, don’t lie to me anymore. Whatever you have to tell me about anything, I can take it. I just can’t live with the lies and the secrets. Please, just promise me that. We will face whatever comes our way together, yeah?”
"There’s always something. I knew I was missing something that night I met you but I assumed it was because of everything else going on. Not that you were actually trying to hide something. Well done. You almost got away with it. Shame that you’ll finally be caught without actually getting your man.”
“You are a genius, Sherlock. You can deduce someone's entire life story by the way they knot their shoelaces, you have an incredible memory and know 243 types of ash. How could you not have  been able to deduce how I feel about you? I’ve always loved you. I just never dreamed you would feel the same way.”
Sherlock hoped his opinion of how good those tight fitting trousers looked wasn't obvious. “You look quite nice, John. I’m not used to seeing you in a suit. The cut and color suit you.”
"If you are done stating the obvious, Lestrade. I need to see the rest of the house. There must be evidence of a struggle somewhere. Five grown people didn't just sit there and allow themselves to be drugged." Sherlock started to walk out of the dining room, into the kitchen.
John felt very confused. Did Sherlock realize that Clos Maggiore was known to be one of the most romantic restaurants in London? Sherlock doesn’t usually know things like that. Maybe he just had a hankering for French food. Surely, that must be it. John cursed at himself; why hadn’t he been listening to Sherlock? ‘Bloody hell! He’s figured it out hasn’t he?’ John fretted to himself while he went up to his room to find something appropriate to wear.
John blushed. "Sherlock, I love you. I just want to do this right. I want to make sure we want the same thing."
"Sherlock, as much as I love kissing you, good God do I love it. We do actually need to figure out where we go from here."
Sherlock took a deep breath, leaned back, and started to unbutton his shirt. “I don’t think so, Sherlock. That’s my job, one I think I’m going to rather enjoy.” John got on his knees and took over unbuttoning Sherlock’s shirt, kissing his neck as he worked. When he was done, he pushed the shirt off Sherlock’s shoulders and looked at the expanse of cream colored skin in front of him. He had seen Sherlock without a shirt on before, hazard of the trade, he was his doctor after all. But looking at him like this, it was completely different. He leaned back for a moment, “God, you are gorgeous.” He returned to kissing Sherlock’s neck biting gently, teasing his skin with his tongue as he ran his hands down Sherlock’s chest and torso. The moans coming from Sherlock were almost enough to make John lose control right then. Sherlock put his hands on John’s shoulders and leaned him back into the bed. He would not be deterred as much as he loved feeling John’s lips and hands all over him. He needed to see John. He knew he should take his time but the desire to see and feel John was stronger than the pull of any drug and he couldn’t put it off any longer. He worked John’s belt and trousers open and pulled his trousers off in one fluid motion, leaving John only in his pants.
John was equal parts shocked at Sherlock’s declaration and humbled that Sherlock thought that much of him, his cheeks turned nearly scarlet. “Thank you. I hope you know you are very important to me too, Sherlock.”
Sherlock sighed and leaned against the desk, knowing he had to finally verbalize what he has kept so hidden, “I-I love him. I don’t know what to do, Molly, I’ve never felt this before. I don’t know how to do relationships. All I know is I want John Watson.”
“Yes, sir.” The shorter man grumbled good naturedly. As he set about reheating the water and getting the mugs ready, he smiled to himself. Mr “I’m married to my work” just declared that he was an equal partner in the Work. Maybe there was a chance after all.
Sherlock’s face had gone paler than normal and was almost frozen in a mix of shock and fear. He looked at John.
Now it was John's turn to blush. “Thank you, Sherlock. I don’t think I’m all that important but I do appreciate it.”
Sherlock and John talk about the fall and realize how much they mean to each other. Both want to make the leap but still hesitate.
“Well, John, if you must know, no other country in the world, save for Asia, understands the meaning of a good cup of tea. When the opportunity arose I could make myself a decent cup, I did.” Sherlock offered him a small smirk.
The ride in the cab was also quiet but the air was buzzing with energy from the two men. They both stared out their respective windows but both were caught stealing glances as the other and smiled.
"Lestrade! As John discovered, there is a child missing from this "family dinner". You are going to find that he has some mental health or addiction issues. Likely both. When you find him, I'd be interested in sitting in on the interview but I'm sure you will find he was the killer. Unlikely he had an accomplice. This is revenge. Some big trigger drove him to this. While I admit this has been an interesting case, I'm afraid my attention is needed elsewhere." Sherlock spun on his heels, popped the collar on the Belstaff and strode out of the house. John shook his head with a smirk, nodded at Greg, and jogged after his mad detective.
Sherlock smiled shyly at John, a blush rising on his cheeks. “For you, John. I would only forgo a crime scene for you.”
John reached into the back of the closet and his hand made contact with what he was looking for. It was a grey pinstripe suit that he hadn’t needed in years but always kept on hand just in case. He didn’t think his frumpy brown suit was going to fit the bill tonight. He went to the bathroom to take a quick shower praying the suit still fit.
Sherlock’s heart shattered seeing John like this. He would’ve warned John about Mary if he had known. He didn’t know how to make it better. He just knew didn't want to be the cause of anymore pain to John Watson.
John put his hand over Sherlock’s on his shoulder. “Don’t, Sherlock. This was nothing. The scar tissue from the old wound prevented this one from being any worse. We survived this whole ordeal with just a few more scars but we survived to come back to each other. That’s all that matters. Moriarty and Moran are gone for good. They can’t try to come between us anymore.”
"I could be mistaken but there appears to be a family member missing. There are 6 people in this photo and only 5 bodies. It looks like there is a man missing from the dinner party."
“’Night, love.” John’s eyes had already started closing as he relaxed even more onto Sherlock. He was thinking about he finally felt home. He had his love, his home, and his family. As hard as everything had been, it led him to this. He wouldn’t trade that for anything in the world.
This chapter is fluff because they needed to get through this conversation. I'm not done with the boys yet but I wanted to get them through this.
Now just because John hadn't given Mary a thought during his day with Sherlock, didn’t mean that Mary hadn’t been thinking about him. More accurately, Mary was thinking about Sherlock. Who did that bloody arsehole think he was showing up like that? Mary had waited to long to ease her way into John Watson’s life to be forgotten about because of Sherlock Bloody Holmes. Mary thought back to the first time she laid eyes on John. Through the sniper scope of her rifle at the pool. Moriarty always had to be so dramatic. As an assassin, she was generally able to separate herself from her targets but she was quite taken with the doctor when she first laid eyes on him. Mary chuckled to herself, ‘love at first sight, if I didn’t have to kill him.’ Mary was relieved when Moriarty signaled that there was no need to kill Sherlock and John at the time. Well, she could give two shites about Sherlock, but she was happy that John would live. Maybe they could have coffee sometime she had thought then.
Sherlock leaned forward, only inches away from John and smiled wickedly at him. "I believe we left off somewhere around..." He cut himself off as he pressed his lips to John's. John smiled against Sherlock's lips and his lifted his hand to bury it in those curls that had teased him for so long. They kissed for a few minutes and then John reluctantly pulled away gently. Sherlock let out of tiny whine of annoyance. He was perfectly content with just snogging John for the rest of the day.
Sherlock studied the photo. The man that was missing was definitely a member of the dead family, he was the spitting image of the father. Something was clearly off with the man in the picture, his body language spoke volumes that he was at odds with the family, he stood a distance from the family, almost an after thought. Interesting.
“Well then,” sniffed the government official. “I will be off. Good day, brother. Dr. Watson.” Mycroft turned on his heel dramatically and left the flat.
“John, I’m so sorry. I’m sorry I couldn’t read Mary to know who she really was. You deserve someone who loves you and can cherish you. I’m indescribably sorry that I lied to you about being dead. If I could have told you and kept you safe, I would have. I knew when I left, you may hate me forever and never forgive me. John, I’ve never been one for emotions but as much as that hurt to know that I may have had to come back to a life where you hated me, I took comfort in knowing that you would be safe. It is not a life I want, but if that was what the result was, then so be it. I don’t want to cause you anymore pain, John. Please tell me what you need from me and I will make it so. If you need me to walk out of this flat and never come back for you to find happiness, consider me gone. I can’t bear causing you moments pain.”
Around 7am Sherlock gave up hiding in his room. He needed a cup of coffee. For a man who rarely needed sleep, he was exhausted from being up most of the night thinking of John. When he walked into the kitchen, he could see John sitting in his chair. “Morning, John.” He said. When there was no response, Sherlock went to the front of the chair and found that John had fallen asleep sitting in his chair. He crouched down and took this opportunity to study his face. His blonde/grey hair was longer than he normally wore it, he had been forgetting to go to a barber. Sherlock loved the way the slightly longer wisps brushed against John’s forehead, making him look years younger; not that John was terribly old but between the grey in his hair and the worry around his eyes when he was awake made him seem much older. In his slumber, all his stresses had worn away. Sherlock smirked when he reached John’s full lips. How he wanted to wake him by just leaning forward and kissing him awake and then take him to bed properly. Suddenly, John jerked awake and pushed his arms out, hitting Sherlock who in turn stumbled back bouncing his back off his own chair before hitting the floor.
John shook his head. Bloody Mycroft. "I have a lot to tell and I know you are going to have questions so bear with me, yeah?" Sherlock looked confused and intrigued, he offered a small nod even though he knew he would still interrupt with questions.
I’m here. Why wouldn’t I be?” My cheeks are hot with embarrassment, and I feel the urge to run out of the room.
I probed many of the men, hoping to hear what it was that made the woods such a dangerous environment. None were able to say aloud, casting furtive glances at one another and muttering to themselves in a local dialect I couldn’t quite understand. Whatever it is, they were sure to keep it from me. No matter. I will learn of it on my own.
Deep in the center of John’s mind, he registered the unspoken threat facing him as the white-eyed man in front of him narrowed his eyes, his jaw clenching, pulling his cheekbones taut. He glanced down at Sherlock’s hands and noticed his fingers twitching at his sides in annoyance. Scratching at his beard, John diverted the question. “Whit ur ye?”
? I know he’s going to wake up. I’ve been doing nothing but wishing for it to happen for the past few days and now that it’s actually here, I’m afraid of it.
Though I have solved the initial reason for my trip here, I intend on staying until I can further explain my observations this morning.
We’re both staring at the doorway for a moment, and then we both shift to look at the table. It’s a right mess: papers scattered everywhere, envelopes in piles, adverts and newsprint in haphazard piles. Sherlock wordlessly gapes, then quirks an eyebrow at me, so I get out of my chair and cross the distance slowly, as if expecting the papers to jump up and bite me. Underneath the last pile I added, the corner of a envelope pokes out, my name and the address to my old flat scrawled across it. I shift the paper obscuring it, and...
My pulse is still pounding in my ears, breath panting noisily through my open mouth while I lean against the hallway wall. The night air was chilly, but instead of being a paralytic, it felt refreshing as it burned inside my lungs. We were chasing the cab that I was sure had the serial killer in it; well, I
). There are two months until the event, and nearly everything has been accounted for. That which hasn’t I have on a list and am systematically making my way through it. There is literally nothing he needs to concern himself with. The care I have put into the preparations for his wedding is with as much veracity as I would for my own. (It is a moot point, of course. There will be no Holmes weddings.)
“Oy!” he shouted, whirling around in frustration. Seeing only trees, he sighed, plopping down onto the forest floor.
to save his life, and he never seemed to mind. I can’t shake the feeling that he believes himself responsible for what’s happened. I wish we were both better at talking about...
. The things I’ve written in these letters, they’re downright horrible and I don’t want you to have to read them. It’s over now, anyway. It doesn’t matter. Let me just--,” he insists, frowning at me with shame and reaching for them.
Groaning, I shove my hands into the pockets of my coat and head into the black with only the sound of the dripping rainwater and the dim light of the crescent moon to accompany me.
John grinned, then pushed up on his heels to plant a sloppy kiss on Sherlock’s mouth. “Good,” he commented, then kissed him again. “I have one of those, too. Looks like we have even more in common.”
. The lights above him danced, flickering and flaunting at his retinas and threatening to blind him as he stared, unblinking, at the terrible, great man in front of him.
As the knots in my shoulders begin to loosen, I consider the task washing my hair will be. It’s still tangled, crunchy, and disgusting from the conductive gel and exfoliant used with the electroencephalography cap, and I’m torn between my urge to have a clean scalp and how repulsed I am knowing how it will feel under my fingers the moment when the water hits it. With a deep breath, I tilt my head back and let the water pelt my hair, congealed blobs immediately slinking off my curls and plummeting loudly around my feet. A deep, guttural groan crawls up from my chest, and there’s a shift in the floorboards in the hallway in response.
*Dubious consent? Sort of? Does being entranced by a magical fae count as not being capable of giving consent? Honestly, as the narrator, I can tell you that even if he wasn't entranced our Scotsman would 100% be all up on that sweet piece of ass that is Sherlock.
“Watson?” I asked quietly, hoping to keep my response to him a secret. Every part of me knew that there was no way this could be the same man, yet his voice was familiar enough that I trusted my observations over my own skeptical views.
Once I see him...once I can touch him and know he’s breathing again, he’s got a pulse...my eyes slide shut as I try to force the recent events from my memory, focusing instead on what he was saying before...
“Except you, mortal,” the voice continued, again wrapping itself around his thoughts and squeezing the life from them.
Mycroft purses his lips as he breathes deeply, quelling his annoyance at me. “There are multiple exit points, dear brother. Ten was the least I could provide to ensure adequate coverage.”
Eventually the air between us shifts and John’s face softens, his hand coming up to scratch at his beard. With a sigh, he says, “We don’t need to do this right now, hm? Let’s...let’s talk about it later. After we catch the bastard who tried to kill us both and
As of this moment, I have some evidence to suggest that these tales may be true. That there may be some form of human evolution that has allowed certain individuals to acquire this trait. It is also possible that there is an object that possess the ability to create the illusion of animalistic size and proportions, much like that purported “magic” show we attended last Autumn.
,” I interrupt, voice full of steel. “How many more tests need they run? At this point my staples can be removed, and they’ve had an EEG on me for the past 24 hours, no doubt collecting my brain activity and determining I’m no longer at risk of damage or prolonged coma. I--” Pausing, I bite my lip with uncertainty at how much I want to reveal. A soft snore from John decides it for me. “I need to get John home. You know as well as I that he cannot stay here much longer and maintain his tenuous grasp on reality. He’s malnourished and exhausted.
. I simply wished to keep you from having to experience such displeasure again, dear Constable,” I replied with a grin.
I smile at him. “Just grabbing the post.” Stepping out onto the landing, I hear him complain about it being ‘completely unnecessary to add even
He tore his gaze away from the man and looked back down at his own hands. The jacket was bunched in them still, covered in rusty blotches, but he was no longer pressing into Greg’s stomach. The man was gone, vanished while his attention was diverted.
“And from there?” Sherlock asks, popping up in his chair to sit on his heels. “Where did they go from there? Or did you lose them?”
“John.” His gaze snaps up to mine, the hesitation to continue and urge to flee evident on his face. I must do something to lighten the mood, or he’ll give up entirely and I’ll lose my chance forever. “I can’t have you making a fool out of yourself in front of all of those people. Then they would forever associate your foolish gyrations with me, and it would tarnish my reputation.”
“You have two hours,” was all the man said in his usual droll monotone before he took a seat behind his desk and pulled out his tablet.
I appreciate each and every one of you for spending time to read this story! I have loved working on it, enjoying this very alternative type of AU for my two beloved Baker street boys. It's been a fun foray into some psychological horror as a genre. Please take time to leave me some feedback in the comments, or message me on Tumblr @Arcwin1. Thanks again!
“He’s asleep, John. As you know, he lost a significant amount of blood, requiring a few transfusions. They were able to stabilize him, remove the bullet, and close his wound; however, he had to be placed into a temporary, medically-induced coma to ensure his body recovers from the shock of such trauma. He nearly died,” Mycroft finishes, expression becoming pale and serious.
work these days. We require your particular knowledge of the criminal psyche to give NSY a direction to head in.”
Moran, who looked me over like a piece of meat and liked how my blood tasted. Moran, who wanted to hold my attention but failed, and who lashed out when he jealously realized it. Moran, who smiled with wicked, blood-stained lips and prowled around me like a panther with his quarry in sight.
Brodie nodded and turned back towards the bar, pleased with his friend’s agreement, only John wasn’t agreeing. He didn’t bother with the argument, instead finishing his second pint quickly and ordering a third.
I push the thought from my mind--waste of time. Can’t go there right now. He’s not interested, he never was. I was right before, in the hallway during the Pink Lady case. He just didn’t want to be the only bachelor in the flat, that’s all. Was worried I’d out-shag him (
Never one to be submissive, I pop up off the floor and set my stance: arms crossed, feet shoulder width apart, shoulders squared, chin raised. “Now hold on a minute, it's about me too. Don't think you can just shut me out of it!” I argue. He stands his ground, face still a carefully constructed mask of impassivity. He blinks leisurely at me and continues holding himself as still as possible--his usual defense when he doesn’t intend to give in but is avoiding a clear confrontation.
, per se, and this university wasn’t known for being particularly friendly to anything that wasn’t considered “normal.” He braced himself for an attack, and decided to put himself out there in a way that only the young seem to have the balls for.
“John Watson, you are an idiot,” he states firmly with a frown, interrupting my internal self deprecating monologue and forcing my gaze back to his. “I have
I hate myself for that, hate the fact that my love for him caused this entire situation. If he hadn’t meant so much to me, Moriarty would never have targeted him. I wouldn’t have needed to fake my own suicide and hide it from him to keep him alive. A catch 22--I died to keep him alive, which in turn nearly killed him. If he had known, he surely would have been killed.
He’s laying still, statuesque, and has an ungodly amount of wires and tubes snaking around his body, entering his perfect skin in numerous, awful places, causing purple-black bruises to mottle his usually pale complexion. His lips are parted as his breath whistles quietly in and out, shallow yet rhythmic. His face is covered in an auburn-brown, patchy beard, and his dark curls are greasy, matted to his head. A grey pallor covers his skin, settling in dark blotches under his eyes, and his prominent cheekbones are sharper than usual with malnourishment.
, John,” I respond, wrapping my arm further around his waist and pulling him close to me. My heart races, pounding against my ribs so hard I keep his chest a few inches from mine, knowing it’ll give me away. With my other hand, I grasp his and pull it up, settling us into typical ballroom waltz positioning. “Now,” I start, throat tight. “We’ll start with me leading so you can understand the basics, and then you’ll take the lead so you can practice.”
I watch as his shoulders straighten, chin jutting forward in a show of confidence that I doubt he feels. “Once he wakes from the sedative, I’ll propose these options to him if he is lucid enough,” he replies calmly, the mask of certainty sliding over his features.
A week passed before John entered the forest again. This time, he left his knife at home, though alarms sang in his head and he felt its absence more than he ever noticed it banging against his thigh in the past. His sleep had been fitful the entire week, full of nightmares of crows and faceless, bizarre creatures that strapped him to the trees and flayed him open. He woke each morning in a cold sweat, face hot and hair matted to his forehead. Whispers that felt like snakes slithering on his skin surrounded him, their tendrils crawling into his ears until his heart pounded and head throbbed. The seventh day he awoke in such a panic that he immediately yanked on his boots over the thick wool socks he wore to sleep, tying sloppy bows in the laces as he hopped towards the door. Mycroft stared at him from the floor in front of the ember-filled hearth, head cocked to the side in confusion at John’s impatience.
The memory fades, evaporating into the haze of painkillers clogging my synapses. What would John say if he knew about these middle-of-the-night rendezvous between us? Initially, he’d bark at me about privacy and boundaries, frustrated with my lack of understanding (or caring). I would let him shout about it; no use arguing. He’s right--we don’t have a relationship that allows for such unbidden contact and familiarity between us.
The only answer he received was a clicking noise, then the soft buzz of an empty line. He frowned, staring at the wall, and listened.
“Sorry, I--,” he starts, grasping my hands firmly and pulling me upright. We’re standing close, our hands still clasped between us and feet separated by the tub wall. I can hear his breath catch, see his pupils dilate, and feel his pulse flutter beneath my fingers under the thin skin of his wrists. He licks his lips again and swallows roughly.
Slowly, his lids rise, gaze immediately finding me. A chaotic play of emotions flies across his features--surprise, fear, hurt...and then finally, relief. More than relief;
Not bothering to answer, I take one last look at my two sleeping mates before brushing harshly past him, heading for the exit to the smoking area. I’m already fiddling with a lighter before the doors close behind me, cupping my hand around the end of the cigarette perched between my chapped lips. The first drag makes my blood sing and the involuntary quiver of my muscles subside. I’m vaguely aware as Mycroft steps out to join me, the
I have had such an experience that I daresay if I recount it here, you will find me quite mad. I would not believe it myself had I not seen it with my own eyes.
“Do you wish to test me?” He returned to his chore, the sounds of his axe echoing around the black trees of the forest. I lingered a moment longer, then turned on my heel and walked back to the village to document my findings here.
Anderson, a man of humble upbringing and low wealth, would have spent nearly all of his earnings on such exotic ammunition, which begs the question: what was he hunting?
name. It seemed lost to him, like a word trapped on the tip of his tongue, stuck behind his teeth in the most irritating way. He played with it, rolling different sounds around in his mouth when he knew Sherlock wasn’t watching, hoping something might
