“Fuck,” Captain America whispered under his breath as Tony’s ears rang. “You alright?”
“Magic.”
“Yeah. We can take the elevator and be in the lower lobby in forty seconds.”
Irises had too many meanings for anything to make sense.
“It’s 9:30!”
Secretly, Steve always liked the flowers because they reflected light unlike anything else, especially the yellow ones. And because they were Tony’s flowers, but no one had to know that.
“It’s filled out, with our names,” Tony interrupted. “I got it just in case you couldn’t take a hint or ultimately said no. It’s not Alpha Night yet, so I’m still not breaking any rules here. As a matter of fact, I’m following the rules because I’m asking you if you’d like to be mine. All you have to do is say yes and sign. Then you don’t even have to worry about Alpha Night or someone else stealing me away or worrying about me saying yes, because I already have.”
“Okay, why not. Surprise me.”
Rhodey sent a few photos of Tony absolutely disgusted as an apology when Steve coughed up a few marigold petals. The payback was worth it, though.
“I don’t think she would be that mean,” Steve said, voice somewhere far away. Was he speaking out loud? Damn, that’s not good.
“That’s amazing,” Steve replied, his smile growing. “I’ve always liked the concept of engineering. It’s like art being given a practical application.”
—continued, interrupting his panicked thoughts. The man indicated had very dark skin and was lithe. Antonius recognized him as a member of the clans south of the Land of the Riverbank across the Great Sea. He had different features than Actus did. How did he get to this far of a land? Or were they not far from his home at all?
If only he had the courage to voice those feelings. He was supposed to be an alpha, wasn’t he? It wasn’t unusual for an alpha to get tongue tied around an omega, but
dying because of his weapons. It would take generations for those scars to heal, if they ever did.
not knowing what this was going to be about. Why did his teacher have to be so vague? Why had he only sent a physical note? Why not some sort of lengthy email that he could have JARVIS pick apart?
“But you’re not coming down with a cold, are you?” he asked gently.
“Oh, you’re not doing that again, are you?” Sam groaned.
That he was completely ignorant of it all.
He was colorblind once more, but everything was still sharp and in focus. He wondered if there was a way to compare what a real dog actually saw and what he was seeing. Did the serum have any effect on this? Would his experience change depending upon what caused this? If he was changed by a mad scientist, would it be different from what Doctor Strange might be able to do?
. Sadly, that only happened in the movies. The suit was back home.
are you going to do that?”
Tony grinned and rocked back on his heels. He was dressed casually, as he always did when he came to the library for one event or another. It was probably something with Legos, but Steve wasn’t sure how one got stuck in Tony’s hair. He probably let the kids have too much fun and hadn’t even noticed one of them got up to such mischief.
Ordinarily, men would have gotten hurt and an entire crop would have been lost.
Tony could not help but roll his eyes. “Thanks. Wonderful.”
From the looks of it, he was in a cave once more, but it was obviously in use by the living. Skins and hides were arranged around the floor, save for areas reserved for cooking and preparing food. He was on some of those skins with a large amount of cloth covering him, made from wool, but it was dyed a deep blue color. It had to have been expensive—only the richest of kings could afford to get cloth of this color and quality.
“You gotta thousand-mile stare there,” Steve said quietly. “Mind clueing me in?”
“But I am going to be right there with you,” Tony said. “One hundred percent. Whatever it takes. You are amazing and beautiful and you are one of
The scents of coffee and baked goods wafted over him the moment he opened the door. It had the typical architecture of the area: wooden floors, exposed brick walls, and tall, thin windows. Morning sun was already starting to stream in, but by the afternoon, the entire shop would be flooded with golden light.
“My paintings!” Steve gasped, looking for them.
of all things. It had been some months since he and Steve initially met and it was a whirlwind.
. Broad shoulders, blonde hair that seemed to be a little too floppy to be completely professional, and he was wearing these glasses that were downright sinful! There was no way this guy was a teacher. He was too handsome. This
“You are a horrible betrayer of fun.”
Would the world really benefit from that?
“Mm—you are
No, Antonius only wanted to be given a chance to redeem himself. To go back and save his friends.
A very, very big problem.
Pepper had arranged the meeting, sale, and whole shebang, but Tony did need to actually see the paintings, shake hands with the museum officials, and sign the needed paperwork. He was just starting to talk to the curators when this tiny, skinny tornado of righteous fury came upon them.
Tony blinked. Huh. How had he gotten to a chair?
With how things were last time, Steve was really surprised that they didn’t all rush back home to toss Tony out the nearest window or something.
On the way to May and Ben’s house, Tony heard a ping and brought his phone out—as he had hoped, it was the message from Mr. Rogers giving him the contact information to the paraprofessionals and his own contact information and office hours. He put it away without answering it. JARVIS would remind him on Monday morning. For now, he wanted to get his son smiling again and not worrying so much about the latest curveball life had thrown him.
“So, there aren’t any alphas that have caught your eye?”
“Where is he?” Tony asked without preamble.
The best part was that his jitters
It was absolutely perfect.
“I’m starting to think he’s the wrench,” Steve said.
“It’s Betty,” Carol called as she got the darts from the board so they could begin another round. “She got the letters from everyone. We’ll all probably be drowning in crocuses soon.”
“For you,” Tony replied.
A few people, proper lords and ladies really, stared at him openly as he stood in his working clothes and boldly knocked on the front door of a grand, rich house. Was it any wonder? He had soot and dust on his shoes. His pants were fraying slightly at the hems. He probably was going to leave footprints on the steps, which someone else would have to clean again. If only there was a patch of grass he could have wiped his shoes on or some sort of mat but—
“Thor! You’re just in time.” The woman exclaimed as she threw herself into the blond’s arms in a single leap, achieving an impressive amount of air.
Osborn wasn’t as obsessive about security as Tony was but it wasn’t like he just let anyone waltz into his facilities. Most of his security was Stark Tech, a season or so outdated but still better than any of the other shit on the market. It was galling to even admit but the thieves had sliced through Oscorps security programs like butter, using some sort of hack that mimicked as an alpha override.
So even the guy he’d only just got done making peace with had something to say about it? Was he going to tell Tony he was better than that (when he knew for a fact he wasn’t) and that he’d have dug up some nonexistent moral fiber at the last minute?
“I’m sorry.” The woman apologized profusely as Clint stepped in front of Tony with a docked arrow and Natasha had a gun leveled at where her heart should be (the jury was still out on that one).
There was some blond news reporter on television talking to some guy in a suit whose name Nyota didn’t recognize. She had no idea what it was they were supposed to be looking at.
“It is called ṣiru,” he added absently as he stirred the mixture. Clinking the spoon smartly once or twice on the rim before he turned to Tony with a smile, mug in hand. “But most everyone just calls it
“Volstags.” Thor corrected the boy with a jiggle, frowning with a censure he did not truly feel that made the kit on his shoulders giggle. “If you offend them, they may not bestow any gifts upon you.”
Tony had never expected to become part of a pride, let alone head one, so he's at a complete loss as to what to do when Jarvis lets him know that Clint is on his way, and then Barton is suddenly there in front of Tony asking his permission to get collared.
He needed to get airborne, and if the suit was compromised he'd just have to improvise.
jealously
Some like Bucky, Laura, and Sam had stuck; but most of them were overflow from when there weren’t enough beds at the youth shelter and they didn’t stay long. Even so, while they were under her roof Sarah had always insisted on being called mom. And it had hurt her that she couldn’t do more than offer a temporary respite on their little farm. He’d seen her hide enough crayon drawings up in that box she didn’t think they knew about, to know that those other kids had a piece of her and always would.
Luke glanced around at the tools littering the floor around them with an expression that cried bullshit and Tony sighed. Debar being the one medically trained engineer who was able to tell what Tony had changed in the last hours just by the tools he was using was both amazing and unfortunate.
"Tony!" Natasha and JARVIS' voices seemed to melt into one panicked cry as he plummeted, but the jump had been necessary because he was too open on that roof and he'd seen how wide a range M.O.D.O.K's energy beam had.
The kit flushes, remembering how his boy had lain beside him on the bed, wiping the sweat from his body with a wash cloth while the kit had whimpered and mewled for a touch they both knew was criminal.
“Yeah, I think we’ve met.” Tony said with a swallow, unsure how to about the fact that he was in the debt of such a powerful stranger. “Your love life must suck.”
Tony wasn't too miffed about it. He still got to have Steve Rogers between his legs as they roared out of the tower garage, so whoever said he couldn't graciously concede defeat was a damn liar.
Tensing, Tony waved the man to silence.
When his heart rate had slowed and a curious glance down at his arms revealed no more glowing veins, he started to feel awkward because, thanks for the assist and all but, he wasn’t comfortable being held by an actual ass stranger.
Her rooms are like her, inviting and sunlit, and what is stored in them is more precious than treasure. And it helps sometimes, for Tony to think of her. To go in his mind and live those memories again. And so he does.
"Easy on the chatter guys." Steve warned from where he walked ahead, pushing through branches and ferns, directed by Tony and Natasha who had both gone high in the hopes of being able to see farther than a few feet in front of them through the mist.
Tony wanted to insist that neither of them were as qualified as he was in the field of engineering and that if anyone was capable of safely stretching the limits of the cradle it was him, but the protests died on his tongue in the face of Luke's silently patient demeanor.
“Why can’t we just show them the video?” Anya asked with a petulant pout of her lips, flicking her red ponytail over her shoulder. “The other Avengers believed us when we showed them.”
Ivan will have to give Pietro low marks for his continued misbehavior, but it won’t matter. With abilities like theirs, the twins would have to be serious fuck ups to be deemed failures and terminated like the others. Of all the kats to come out of the program at castle black, Ivan found the twins by far the most interesting. It’s why they are still alive.
"Shut up Stark. We all know you have JARVIS remind you a few days before or else you'd forget you even had heats. And you know you wouldn't enjoy DUMMY assisting you half as much as one of us."
When a beggar shows up at the kitchen door one night demanding to see Master Stark Ana is shocked. Thankfully Tony is there keeping her company and reading up on Africa. When he hears his voice, he knows it's the boy who saved his journal and Tony leaps out of his chair.
Green eyes watched him, waiting as he told his story. She probably knew where it was going but Natasha just waited and he was grateful for that. Soldiering himself Steve pressed on.
Rhodes for his part stared steadily back at Steve his expression completely inscrutable as he replied by route, “All service in the United States Armed Forces is still voluntary.”
Steve... Steve just swallowed thickly, before turning and stomping off, as if someone had shouted 'get thee from my sight', and the look on his face was so lost (so haunted) Tony didn't have it in him to enjoy a second of what he knew was a necessary victory. And even if he could have been that much of a cold hearted bastard there was always the looming prospect of Coulson and Fury to deal with. The debriefing was going to be a shit show.
Before he knew it, he was somehow dressed and already in front of the coffee shop. Someone like him should be sick of the scent of coffee, tired of seeing the same place nearly every day, but Tony found himself drawn to the shop. It was cozy. It felt like home. He knew that he was welcomed and known here, despite his last name. He knew the floorboards, for god’s sake.
Pepper snatched the phone out of Tony’s hand, speaking a lot more evenly and calmly than he could manage at the moment. “We will be there in about ten minutes. Is there anything we can do besides call a doctor? Do you want us to call for an ambulance?”
Today had started out so normal, so nice. The sun rose, the birds sang, and his bagels were perfectly toasted. He made it to work on time and without incident. Most of his shift would be at the front desk, checking out books and answering questions as needed. He also had some filing to do, which included some forms he had printed out at home.
, if Tony isn’t interested, hopefully we can be friends afterwards. But … if he does accept, I’m not sure what I’ll do.”
Over the next weeks, Antonius created and created: he made arrows, lengths of metal that could hold pieces of wood together, small parts that made the loom work better, and more.
But Sam, Rhodey, Clint, Bruce, and dozens of others all swore fealty once more.
—I mean, thank you,” Steve stammered, horribly nervous now.
Peter started drumming his fingers on the desk. “Um. I guess?”
“You. Me. Hallway. Now. MJ, please keep an eye on the class. We shouldn’t be more than a few minutes. I expect all of you to continue your assignments as you were.”
He thought back to the goon mentioning they had plenty of money.
“I … don’t know.”
The simple request brought Steve back to earth. Tony was going through an apparently unexpected rut and needed help. There was nothing to panic about. His friend needed help and that was it. That was all that was going on.
At that moment, they heard a gun lock.
He did not say any of his titles. He did not mention any of his lineage or their legacies.
“Huh?” he asked, looking up from his phone.
As much as he tried not to think about it, the attack during his Jericho demonstration and kidnapping was suspicious. How did someone know to attack
A dozen different answers came up, which caused Betty to find the hat they always relied upon to prevent arguments from going too far. They attempted a rotation schedule, which they lost track of, and voting was not much better either. The night was young, but as they learned over and over again, they could argue among themselves for eternity.
“I need to know that you want a future with me. That you know there’s no going back. That you’ll be there with me, fighting for us because we’re
The collar was simple but fine leather, with an unobtrusive purple plate in the center with an chip embedded that allowed JARVIS to monitor his condition and his location at all times. One could never be too careful.
Steve loved Bucky too, and wanted to be with him too. What had happened to Barnes wasn’t his fault, and he’d need Steve and all the help he could get if he was ever going to come back from that. That old bond wasn’t just any old bond. It was real love, and Tony couldn’t ask Steve to betray that love and ask not to be betrayed in the same breath.
“What’s this about Tony?” Steve asked after the silence in the room had gone on long enough to become awkward.
With all that heat sex and claiming going around there should be a gaggle of kits running through the tower, nobody caring too much which of Tony's pairings sired them because kits belong to the pride and pride means family. God can you even imagine?
It’s not so bad during the night hours but when he’s sucked into some strange walking dream in daylight hours it’s a problem. They are in a middle of a mission, and if he loses Wanda and Pietro over this, he’s going to track down Tony Stark.
“Do we know what their target is?” Steve was asking, and there was a crackle on Coulson’s end of the radio before the agent’s voice filled the jet speakers.
Tony’s never been able to just let go like that, to put down the fight and let somebody elses hands take him apart with confidence that he won’t break for good. But last night he did and it was probably glorious if the pleasurable ache left over is anything to go by.
He must be dreaming again.
Tony bristled, the burning edge of Steve's fight wreaking havoc on his senses. There was the one part of him that wanted to curl up small and appease, to soothe and gentle the volatile forces surging within Steve because he was fel and he was good for this, good for bringing a tom back from the edge; but no dice. Because he's not just some fel, who is going to tuck his tail in and mewl every time a tom gets angry at him.
"She has a separate bed for afternoon naps." Clint pointed out, jabbing an accusing finger at the screen.
“I like your bikini.” Natasha returned with a sly smirk as she tackled her back, jabbing the other woman with her widow-bites on her open skin. Nakia jerked and hissed in pain, heaving with an impressive show of strength until they’d both tipped over and were in danger of rolling off the bridge. Natasha abandoned her hold on the woman when she was stung by a bolt from Nakia’s energy blade. A moment later both women were back on their feet and at it again.
Well as nice as sleeping with his boyfriend was, it wasn’t a proper coping tactic he reminded himself staunchly as he finished suiting up. He was going to get through his grief eventually by doing exactly as he was doing. Which was openly communicating with his partner and keeping things honest.
And that, Thor knew, was the end of any protest that Tony might have offered.
That's the cost of forward momentum. Everybody blamed him but Natasha knew better. The death that followed Stark was just a consequence of nature. Matter destabilizes. Everything breaks down. You can't go forward without loss and for better or for worse, Stark meant future.
The craftsmanship on the collar Tony had made for him really was breathtaking.
"Yeah... you're probably right about that last part." Steve huffed a laugh, looking away for a moment. When he turned back to Tony there was a pink flush to the back of his neck and a nervousness to him that was  kind of a lot endearing if Tony were honest.
Relax, it seemed to say. Which sounded great, awesome.
It was late when Tony made his way up to the penthouse. By rights he should have been exhausted by the time he and Pepper wrapped up the last meeting of the day (a video call with the Forman in charge of the build over on the Island) as it was fifteen after nine in the evening and past decent dinner hour.
“I’ll grab the others.” He agreed, already turning to do just that.
One minute the car had been moving smoothly down the mostly empty mountain highway and the next Happy was calling back from the driver’s seat that something was going on ahead of them.
Where Hughard has grown tired of Tony always being underfoot and is always calling for Maria to ‘come get the boy’, Tony is uncle Obi’s little man, and Tony collects every gem of advice on manhood that Uncle Obi readily doles out.
Tony scowls and drops his fork with a clatter on purpose and his father clears his throat.
He breathes – in and out – and he reaches.
“You don’t have to lay it on Cap, I know I’d make a shitty parent.”
“I don't think it matters where you take him Steve," Bruce segued the uncomfortable topic. "It’s the thought that counts. Where were you thinking?”
To Tony’s shock Steve jumped in front of his repulsor fire, shield raised, breath coming rapidly as the blast resounded off the surface and Tony had to twist in order to avoid being struck by his own shot.
"Or I find you and I end you." Tony promised. "Don't bet against me."
“Easy, Cap, I know it’s been a –
“I can think of some worse ways to die.” Steve said with a dry laugh, pulling away from their embrace with a purposeful step. Tony could tell by the look on his face alone that the ‘Captain’ was back, and ready to throw everything he had in the hunt for Winter Soldier. He told himself not to give into the feeling of trepidation stirring in his gut.
“Only the material I want to use is a tad bit alien and Bruce went crying to Pepper who says I need to get a medical opinion, which is just plain – “Tony’s grumbling was aborted by the sudden appearance of a plate laden with smoked fish in front of his nose.
Phil eventually gets Tony and Natasha situated in the back of a medical van and gets them on their way to the hospital.
Tony and Pepper had to go through all of these names too, digging into backgrounds and searching for subterfuge of some sort. Tony didn’t trust Ross not to try and sneak in spies or otherwise try to sabotage their efforts on the island. That and there was a practical reality that they couldn’t take just anyone. At least not at first. It was perhaps a cruel reality, but a reality nonetheless, that to get their community off the ground they needed people with skills and talents to fill all the roles that would open up. They would also have to be relatively healthy and mentally sound. Unfortunately, the reality of the abandoned and abused of the Gata population was they were often neither.
Clint and his brother Barney had gotten luckier than most. They’d been bought by Carson’s Carnival and shipped to the US of A almost before their eyes fully opened. The circus life hadn’t been so bad, when you compared it to getting chewed up and tossed away when your body was too broken to fight anymore.
“The scent doesn’t linger on you. You use scent blockers?”
Tony chuckled and Steve's eyes were dancing with affection and mirth as he scoffed.
Ivan’s programing dictated that now he escorts the twins back to command, where they would at best be terminated outright and at worst sent back to castle black for reevaluation. Those where his directives. Feelings didn’t matter when it came to Ivan’s programing. The twins knew that. But Ivan’s feelings had disrupted his programing in the past. They’d gambled their lives on the strength of those feelings.
"Aye Captain, I hear you. I am -"
Two Days Later
Bruce ignored it as best he could, breathing in and out, letting the anger simmer quietly in the background.
Leaning close T’Challa asked lowly, a warm thread of humor in his tone, “Did you just imply that I smell bad?”
"One condition?" Steve's face lit up with hope and Tony laughed. "Just let me call Pepper. She'll have kittens if I don't and well... they'd lock us up for scientific study considering."
His lips turned up in a tentative (Tony almost dared to say shy) smile as he murmured in greeting, "Hey Tony."
These kinds of parties were never going to be his favorite, but they weren’t all bad.
"Come on Soldier," Tony squeezed Steve's hand with a gentle smile and tugged him toward the bar. "I'm tapped out. Let's get a drink."
Few things in Tony’s life have ever inspired true awe, and even fewer people have managed it. Jacob Yinsen is one of them.
“Maybe not as much as you’d think,” Steve replied with a terse shrug. “You worked with him Tony, and he impressed you. He’d have to really know his stuff to do that, and you were right about what you said before. It doesn’t matter where he got the degrees or what titles he’s got. He’s good and you trusted him… and I think you should invite him back to help with the surgery.”
He and Barney went hungry a lot, got whipped their fair share, but it taught them how to fend for themselves. They learned the rules: Stay ahead. Sleep with an eye open. Always be useful. Play them before they play you.
“You’re still selling that melodrama?” Tony sneered, the burning bright edge of his fury prickling the air around Natasha’s skin. “Poor Ty, couldn’t make daddy happy because one little kitten figured out he was a dirt bag.”
Steve’s mouth tilted upward in an almost smile, a smile that didn’t quite take off.
“It was efficient.” Tony thought that was all that she’d say on the matter, but then he moved her eyes from Steve back to him and there was a bite of censure to her tone as she finished, “But then you took your eyes off him. Don’t do that again.”
“Tony’s a fan of that movie. We know. Why is that important?”
Yes you are." Steve murmured lowly in answer to something Tony had almost forgotten.
"This is strange to me," Thor was the one with the guts to say, face setting into a pensive frown. "The Benu are held as sacred among the Kǫtrdýr."
“What’s with boys and wanting to blow things up?” Anya grumbled and Tommy shrugged.
"Currently we have not achieved one hundred percent accuracy." JARVIS' tone carried the computer equivalent of a sigh. "But given time we could improve it."
Tony was snickering, until he caught the faint but unmistakable whiff of a very pissed off tom.
Yeah, better all-around to get this wagon train moving.
Douchbag is yanking the fel out from underneath a kitchen island by her tail but he doesn’t look armed so Clint loads quick, aims even quicker and lets fire even as he’s calling out, “Hey asshole. No touching.”
“We drew him out. I couldn’t see much, but he was there Steve. Now we know a little more what to expect and we’ll be better prepared next time.”
So Steve wasn’t up to date on how people were getting together these days but he knew the basics. He couldn’t just assume that he and Tony were dating because they hung out and talked more now, even if it often felt like dating. They’d agreed to get to know one another and try and sort out if a relationship was something they both wanted. Well Steve was pretty sure he did, so that meant he’d have to get up the courage to ask Tony out officially.
“I’ve got you.” He assured and Tony smiled shakily even though he was the only one aware of it.
“Yeah” she answered, her voice sounding strangled and she laughed. Squeezing both their hands once more. Her eyes sought Jaime’s and found him where he was holding a very pale looking Anya. “I think we are.”
“I wanted to be sure you slept.” T’Challa answered brightly as he approached, not at all concerned apparently that Tony might be angry to find him there. “Jarvis agreed with me that you were not likely to do so given your many worries, and while he forbade me from entering your private chambers his protocols said nothing of public hallways.”
A moment later Tony felt the tell tale pressure on his whiskers, just before someone loomed over him to press a hand against the small of his back. He went stiff, adrenaline spiking through him, and told himself that if it was an assassin pressed to his back Natasha would have done a lot more than mutter a warning.
“I don’t know, the part where a close ‘source’ tells them how our liberal government full of PC-brained social justice freaks forced a national icon to be a part of their dangerous social experiment despite his reservations, was kind of interesting.” Tony stared hard at Fury.
(She didn’t deserve you.)
Tony smiled. It was always nice to be right. Assured now that T’Challa was logged into the ships computer he sent him the footage recorded from the suit.
T’Challa seemed to get it now, because his eyes had softened with a mix of familiar anger and sadness.
For the first time that evening he didn’t feel strong or confident. He felt like the earth had just opened up under him and he was falling with nothing to catch him. He jerked as if shocked when T’Challa reached for his hand but didn’t pull it away.
Yowler might have been the only social media platform designed for kats, but it was still monitored by the government, and now that everyone on the team knew that “Luke from medical” was actually T’Challa Prince of Wakanda, what would have been the point in continuing to use it?
Tony was the only one not shocked by this, having been raised in a domestic household largely in the public eye. He’d seen all the “civilized” methods of gentling anxious Gata, all the myriad ways in which they could be violated and subjugated in plain sight. It was obviously all about control, but on paper rubbing the O-gland was toted as a “harmless” way of tapping into a fels pleasure centers and easing the nerves, but for the obvious reason was also considered a very personal privilege between Gata and their masters. Masters got angry when other people tried to touch their pets so intimately.
“It wasn’t your fault.” Tony said, calmly, but Steve knew he was just trying to make the best of things. But when he opened his mouth, Tony’s eyes narrowed and his ears arched dangerously and Steve slowly closed it again.
“I lost him, not long after. Three or four weeks, maybe. He was acting stranger than usual, going feral on us… it could have been the war, could have been any number of things. We really did deserve everything he wanted to throw at us. But I can’t stop thinking now, that maybe his moods were driven by the fact that I got him pregnant. And then I got him killed.”
"What, to try and win me to your side or something?" Tony scoffed because that was too arrogant even for Loki. Tony had no idea whether he was real or not, or how he's gotten out of his cage if he was, but he couldn't discount Loki's powers of projection either.
Fury had said, sliding Steve a stack of files regarding the initiative its purpose, and his potential teammates.
“We need to go” Tony commanded, dropping his phone back into his suit pocket in one decisive motion and Steve straightened.
Still, it was miserable going through heat alone and the world was full of masters who would pay good money to stud out their toms. This time around, when his heat had been coming on and Marilyn had gotten a good whiff of him, it hadn’t surprised him a bit when Mr. Allen came knocking on their door offering a stud price.  It wasn’t as much as some fancy kitten with a pedigree would probably pull in, but it was more money than they’d seen in a while.
Of anyone, Bruce had the least to apologize for and it didn't surprise Tony that he was the first, if you discounted being surprised that anyone would bother. It wasn't like Natasha was wrong. He had agreed to join the Initiative and he was lagging behind the others in enthusiasm despite that, and Tony would have to be a particular kind of insensitive not to care how much this could mean for Bruce, who had pushed yeah but nowhere near as hard as Tony would have if their positions were reversed.
But Jaime was shaking his head and a sense of dread was crawling up Nyota’s spine.
(She) thinks but (he) can’t help the way (he) feels at the sight of the soldier, the familiar feel of his arms, and the shock of his scent. It’s so foreign from what (he) remembers.
"Ouch woman! Why must you always beat at me so?" Fandral whined and Sif smirked at him. Thor just laughed, for if Fandral had not figured out yet why their Shield Sister was always so sore with him then he never would. Kǫtrdýr had strange ways of showing their affection.
They were calling it Benadin-X, or BX for their shorthand notes.
A device that could destroy an entire planet with the push of a button. No colliding earths meant no destroyed universes.  Billions of lives lost in an instant and trillions saved. Tony had built it, because of course he had, and uncle Steve…
“See,” Tony murmured, crossing the short distance to put a consoling hand on his shoulder when Steve opened his mouth to protest. His body was entirely too tense but he responded almost instantly to the touch, unconsciously shifting closer to Tony’s body.
Tony and Yinsen are down at the docs and Tony is nine. He's excited because Devi's ship is in port and he wants to show him the engine designs he's been working on. He hasn't shown Hughard yet because they aren't ready. Hughard always spots the flaws, even the tiniest ones. They have to be perfect. And maybe, just maybe if they are, Hughard will agree to try it.
"I should go." Luke suggested, moving to rise from his chair.
Tony filed the information away, certain now that his hunches were correct.
“Of course, sir.”
He yawned and blinked awake. The sun was lower in the sky and Tony was no longer talking to a half dozen people on the computer. Instead, he was sitting down next to him and stroking Steve’s head.
Steve finished swallowing a bite of his sandwich as Thor came over, full of energy as always.
“It’s like a rut,” Sam repeated. “We should have seen it. He’s got all the typical behaviors.”
He wanted to understand—
. Unless he passed by Bruce without seeing him? Was he that oblivious whenever Steve came into the room? Did the others talk about him when he wasn’t there? Was Bruce psychic?
Tony looked back to the television to see Belle arguing with the Beast. “It is?”
If someone was searching for Captain America, Howard likely funded it.
That got him thinking.
“What?” everyone exclaimed in one way or another.
“When is he going to wake up?” someone complained. “We need access to those mainframes.”
“Are those burgers?”
His heart thudded. He had no idea where he was. He could not go back.
But he also thought he knew—
do some of the things alphas were now brought to court for. It was fine. This was fine. This was his friend, the man he was half in love with. He
Tony was surprised to see another person coming into the apartment. “Clint?”
“We use the Dewey Decimal System.”
Sam thought for a moment. “Usually alphas go through their first ruts when they’re much younger. The drive to mate is not as intense as it can be when they’re older, but by the time that happens, they’re closer to being adults. I’d say just make sure he’s physically comfortable and do what we can to make him feel safe. He’s not quite himself right now.”
“I’m sure Happy will get me there,” Tony replied. “Steve! You’re soaked!”
“And then I up and left for three weeks,” Tony muttered.
“No.”
… but nice. He liked it. It was intimate, quiet.
He wasn’t sure about those rumors, never having met someone from those lands or seeing the results of those curses first hand, but there was always truth somewhere.
“JARVIS?”
He hoped that his dad had private tutors who were sympathetic or were willing to try different learning techniques or something. Peter wouldn’t wish his experiences on anyone.
“Needless to say, we need to keep chatter about HYDRA quiet. We are working on infiltrating their ranks and rooting them out. It’s a slow process, but anything could tip them off and compromise our agents.”
“Excellent!”
Gods, if it weren’t for Tony, none of this would have been possible. On the day Schmidt attacked, it had been completely unexpected. Some nobles immediately pointed fingers to Tony and others that were closest to Steve, but he knew Tony. He would never endanger their people, let alone allow a madman like Schmidt to run amok and take over. But they had been caught unprepared, unaware. It was all Steve could do to convince Schmidt to keep him as a prisoner and distract him long enough that Tony could get everyone he could out alive.
—had been saying for weeks now. He didn’t even think he could peg the exact moment that turned it from a crush to love. No, seriously, when did it happen? Did it even matter if he remembered or not?
was someone even going to get a chance!
“Uh.”
“Really?” Steve asked.
“I’m ignoring him. He’s just a jerk. There’s no need to bring out the lawyers, promise.”
“W-What?” he asked.
Now if only he could get the stupid voices in his head to be as logical.
“I want to be serious for a bit. This is a big change. Things are going to
“Mr. Stark! Hold on!”
Tony sighed and pressed a kiss to his temple. “I still love you. I’m still only interested in you. I still don’t want to do anything you’re not interested in. Not having sex isn’t a deal breaker for me. You being an alpha doesn’t change my feelings for you, though it
the control freak like his father had been.
“No fair, I begged Natasha and she said no!”
His eyes were the same blue that guided him out of the caves.
Coulson smiled. “Your country appreciates that. Do you know what they wanted with you?”
He prayed for—
“He’s regaining consciousness.”
This was Tony. He could do it.
A hand was slammed on his forehead, scalding hot.
“Here,” she said absently, pushing forward a bowl. “Squirrels burn through a lot of energy.”
Tony walked inside, closed the door, and crouched in front of him, keeping some distance.
He appreciated Stiofán’s story most of all: upon his birth, Stiofán was so weak and frail, that his original clan did not believe that he would live. His mother, loving him so dearly, used all of her powers and knowledge as a healer to keep him alive. The gods spoke to her, Stiofán explained, telling her of new medicines and herbs that aided his breathing. They did not know why the gods had cursed him with such a weak body only to keep him alive, but Antonius had a feeling that the strength of his limbs was put into the strength of his spirit.
“Not get fired.”
Ned happily described some of the chemical changes, like the one where water was turned into ‘gold’ and another where a blue liquid was turned into an amber color one. They had written down the chemical equations, along with their observations, for him to copy later.
They all could hear some shuffling, but the door only opened a crack. With a gentle nudge, Bucky made everyone take a few steps back so there was defined space between them, Tony, and the door. Steve barely poked his head out, but they could all see how miserable he looked.
It was great to see the movies, to have a regular movie night with friends. To share snacks and make jokes and just appreciate a night in. It had been a while since he had taken the time to just … relax. Not focus on work or what he was going to do with the armor or Stane. He knew he would have to deal with it soon, along with the aftermath of the kidnapping, but he was happy to let everyone keep their distance and think him in a fragile state of being yet again. He wouldn’t have to argue against having to attend meetings or sit through overly long annual reports.
“We have a couch and some spare blankets.”
Natasha grinned.
“No?”
“Steve? Earth to Steve!”
“Yeah, well,” he mumbled, feeling shy all of the sudden.
“Tony …”
Kill him
The office was brightly lit with a window, decorated with degrees and certifications, pictures of students and school events, and other such souvenirs. The principal sat behind their desk, looking a bit tense and stressed. Tony motioned for Peter to sit down in one of the chairs available, while Flash almost stomped over and flopped into the seat. He wanted to hold back any judgements, but man, it looked like the kid was just mildly inconvenienced, rather than in serious trouble.
This was going to end up on the news tonight.
Tony handed it back.
Hanahaki Disease might be for unrequited love, but it was only for
Next to him, Tony gave him a flash of a smile. It was hard to see in the darkness of the tower they were in, but that was Tony: always bright.
“Tony, no one has ever
Mr. Rogers was sitting behind his desk and Tony inwardly
As he worked on the drinks, Tony took the opportunity to look around again. It was quiet; the breakfast rush had really died down, but it was still cozy.
He shook his head. He could figure that out later.
That made his blood freeze.
“That is very mature of you,” Pepper said.
In the end, Flash got suspended and his schedule was changed so he and Peter would have a slim chance of interacting, if at all. It was also recommended that he would see the school counselor to find the root of his bullying behaviors and develop better intrapersonal skills beyond intimidation. Mr. Thompson was also furious to learn that Flash frequently threatened others with their lawyers to keep himself out of trouble or get what he wanted.
“Mr. Rogers, I believe that one swat is satisfactory this time,” JARVIS said from Tony’s phone.
The last time he had gone on a date or anything of the sort was five months ago, when he broke up with someone he refused to even name in his own thoughts. Some might speculate that he was wallowing in self-pity and needed to get back onto the proverbial horse, but it was much more complicated than that. When someone’s words and thoughts were twisted around, when they were constantly gaslighted by the person who was supposed to cherish and respect them … it does things to a person. It takes a long time to recover from such an ordeal.
Steve hated the Académie.
He never understood why people liked romance novels or any of those sappy movies. They always lacked a certain … aspect of reality. Namely that people who were oblivious when someone was in love with them or they kept their feelings hidden from someone else were irresponsible idiots and the ultimate jerk.
Steve blinked and focused.
Like making Steve smile.
“So, why are you invested in my love life?”
May had smiled at his continuation of her metaphor. “Exactly.”
a cappuccino and that the coffee shop was the quickest way to get anything decent, because so help him god, he was going to fire whoever ordered the swill that was in the breakroom at SI. That stuff was horrible. Why that person was not dead yet, he had no idea, because his employees deserved better than that. Replacing all of the coffee was going onto his to-do list, right after revolutionizing green energy and—
A teacher just sent a bully to the principal’s office, no big deal. That’s what they were supposed to do. Problems like that were supposed to be addressed.
There is definitely attraction on his part. If he asked, there is a high probability that Steve would say yes. It would be fun. They’d do something simple, like get ice cream and walk around a park, enjoy the good weather and each other’s company. He seems like the kind of guy who would appreciate something simple and old fashioned, not flashy cars and fancy dinners.
It took Steve and Bucky months to renovate the building, but they took the extra time to properly restore the wood floors and other details of the brownstone. Natasha spoke Russian and her favorite people were the little old ladies who were just as scary as she was. Bucky knew Russian too, but he only ever used it to snark in secret with Natasha. Not a single pillow, chair, or mug matched in the whole place because Sam bought everything on clearance.
“I’m on it, I’m on it!” Happy said, needing no prompt to drive like the worst of them.
Really, calling someone ‘penis’ instead of their name was on the less creative end of the insult spectrum. Flash had yet to even use sarcasm or proper puns.
“As we learned two seconds into looking at the blue prints?”
“Of course,” Stephen replied. “Especially now that we know the source of it.”
“Besides, what could happen?”
“Hey, worry about apologies later. Think you can open the door so we can talk?”
Buk grumbled, his arms crossed with a stormy look on his features.
He nodded and kissed him softly. “I know.”
“We did not want to mention it until you did,” Stiofán admitted. “But perhaps, you did not even know. Toní, you have a mark of Lugh—you have been blessed.”
“Yeah. Let’s do that.”
He was just going to have to live with his bitter disappointment.
“Not me?” Peter asked. “That’s what had been done before.”
He got woken up not by petals, but by text messages.
Steve chuckled, a little sadly. “We stuck together in the slums through the war. Why not some ice? He was off a few hundred feet, but thank goodness for thermal scanners.”
Tony hummed, trying to keep it all in. He took in a breath and mentally recited the first fifty digits of pi.
Steve nodded. “Okay. You’ll be getting my Ma’s chicken soup regardless.”
“The meeting with Mr. Rogers,” Peter repeated. “I saw you leaving the school between periods. Unless you were speaking with the principal? Or someone else?”
“It’s a date.”
It was
Steve’s heart pounded. They stared at one another in silence.
Everyone looked at each other in confusion.
Maybe he could reduce the power needed for those guys, redirect it to other areas, like an underwater life support system and if he’s going to really be flying, he needs to make sure that it can withstand the temperatures up there …
“What?” Steve croaked from the couch, miserable from being poked and prodded.
Huh, maybe not a complete idiot.
“For all our sanity’s sake!” Sam begged.
Because he had to know.
should do their dishes then.”
Hell, his asthma was a strike against him alone.
To—no, Master Stark—was expecting him? Expecting him?
This time, Tony had an hour or so to kill before his next meeting and he was going to spend it enjoying a coffee that wasn’t to go for once. No, inner voice that sounded suspiciously like Pepper, he was not going to use it to ‘ogle’ at Steve. That would be rude.
He liked Italian food, appreciated trashy movies and novels, and was obsessed with coffee. Put a plate of food in front of him and he would eat it, simply because he appreciated food, even if it wasn’t something free-range, organic, non-genetically-modified gourmet. He liked puns and even if he didn’t get baseball, he still paid enough attention to figure out the statistics.
Steve shrugged. “No clue. Degree requirements are so
“Or what?”
“Have a good one, Steve.”
“The oracle?” Antonius repeated.
“Thanks, Pepper,” Bucky said before hanging up.
the armor. Pepper and Rhodey worried about him constantly, he knew, but that was nothing new. He did his best to keep on top of everything going on at SI, but … but he knew that it wasn’t sustainable. The plans no one knew about, would never know about, were going to cause some hiccups later on.
“More tests, certainly. While all teachers get training and education about learning disorders and other disabilities, I am by no means an expert. I cannot give a diagnosis. I’m actually shocked and disappointed no one else has spoken up for Peter before now.”
“You sure about him, though? If he does say yes?”
“Every word,” said Steve, without missing a beat.
“Uh-oh.”
They had to play this smart. They had to go slow.
“Stiofán,” the man with wheat hair said, touching his own chest. Then he pointed to the person next to him: a taller man with slightly darker skin and long dark hair pulled back with a leather string. “Séamus.”
It had been a few years since he had originally come to these lands and now, he could not bear the thought of ever parting from them. He still thought of his friends and wondered whatever became of them, as much as he grew to love the friends he had made here. The forge had grown and expanded more than it ever could in Thrinacia. He was allowed to design what he wanted, use what resources he could find, and more often than not, he made items that allowed people to perform their duties more easily and protect each other from the dangerous wilds.
“See you in about … seven hours?” Steve teased when he went over to say goodbye.
Tony caught his hand and kissed his palm.
“Cappuccino,” Tony said, because hopefully, no one could mess that order up. “Hey, you got the same accent as the other guy!”
“Antonius,” he said, his voice choking, pointing to himself.
“Thank you, thank you, thank you,” Peter exclaimed.
It seemed to have the standard fare, but he had no idea what any of the specials to the right of those were. Just
She raised an eyebrow. “After you finally got settled into a new routine and are showing improvement with you accommodations? No way. You don’t deserve that. Besides, having Flash change a class or two so you don’t run into one another as often will show him that his behavior will not be tolerated
“Y-You are d-dead to m-me.”
“Done.”
There was a little nook with an old table and some wooden chairs with soft green cushions. A professional set up filled the rest of the room, all sleek and modern: a huge island in the center, plenty of cabinets for storage, a huge refrigerator, an industrial sized mixing machine, and just about everything else a team of bakers would need. All the scents of the coffee shop were in full force here. A single breath was all it took to get Tony’s mouth to start watering.
“They are
One night, Tony brought his copies of
“Tell—tell Rhodey. Bruce too. If something happens, get him out of here. Call Betty. JARVIS, make backup copies of this. Put it with our evidence against—against Stane. Start looking for others who might have been in on this.”
“I am afraid I cannot sir,” JARVIS said. “I confirmed, but if I attempt to hack into the server the files are held on, it will unleash a Trojan horse. I can destroy it, but it would alert the people who are monitoring the server, which would jeopardize your mission.”
“I’m sorry, but I don’t know who you are.”
But while it wasn’t a secret among them that Tony didn’t want to be CEO or CFO or whatever acronym it was, letting his father know was much harder.
Steve protested, he knew he bruised easily, but the man was tugging him down the street, holding his canvases under his other arm with his toolbox. He tried, really, but before he could blink, he was in an upstairs apartment, sitting on an expensive couch, waiting for the stranger he had smacked into to come back with a … Steve had no idea, but god, he was uncomfortable.
“Yeah. I’ll see if he wants to give me the rundown tomorrow, beyond what he told me today. He’ll probably apologize like crazy too.”
“I coughed up some of those petals a few weeks ago, when I gave Jane some drawing lessons.”
“Oh, but there is. There really, really is.”
—why would he bother dragging out something that would just be unhealthy and waste their time?
The acting was really different too. More gestures, more facial expressions, but nothing over the top. Not being able to hear inflections—and those text cards—really stopped him from being able to immerse himself in the world before him. But every character looked different and unique, from their costumes to heights and body types. Without sound, little details like that needed to be more present, more authentic. There wasn’t an accent that could give an audience all the context they needed for someone’s background. They had to pay attention.
“You mean the fact that we’re currently living in the ghostly past of our destroyed universe? Would we really call that a problem?”
“I hope Tony isn’t watching that shit" he mumbled darkly.
Natasha’s warning sounded amused, which didn’t make much sense given the situation.
“Why must I? All the tribes speak Xhosa just as we do and we never leave Wakanda. What does it matter if I can speak English, or anything else?”
Unfortunately, out of the way also happened to be sprawled inelegantly into a heap on the floor in a tangle of sticky webbing.
Tony laughed the whole way to the ground. He was laughing significantly less when Natasha got her hands on him awhile later.
"I shall do so Sir, but if it is your intention to prevent Ms. Romanov from making good on her threat, might I suggest an impromptu vacation? You do enjoy the Malibu house." JARVIS answered as Tony plopped down in the open chair beside Rhodey.
Clint just grunted and ears twitching with discomfort Tony shifted, reaching for his tablet. He didn't know what to think.
“All done!” they crow with triumph and Mama nuzzles her nose against their rounded cheek, and they giggle at the tickle of her whiskers.
It started before Howard Stark, before Captain America and Project Rebirth, with that afore mentioned ancient civilization. Probably a few of them if we're being exact here, but it's the Egyptians that everyone remembers.
T’Chaka chuckles.
Queen’s gotta do what a Queen’s gotta do sometimes.
to you, and that means everything that happens to you matters to me.”
“So?” Nyota shrugged. “Everybody knows Steve used to be dad’s consort. We’ve all heard the, ‘everybody in the Pride has different roles but we all love each other very much’ speech a million times.”
Tony knew that Fury had hoped he'd get one whiff of the biggest tomkat in creation and that he'd roll over and ask to be bonded and stuffed full of super kits, but uh no, fuck that.
The Avengers were strong and they knew their gifts, but Tony had never been more aware of the alien nature of his genes. But this time the proof came from without and not within. This was the true modern Alurio, as close to the Alurio of old as it was possible to get. The distinction between them and what the world called Gata could not have been more clear, and privately Tony was beginning to understand why the Prince of Wakanda had such a stick up his ass about it.
Tony’s eyes widened suddenly, another realization sinking in. Guy knew his name. Catman released an exasperated sounding sigh.
“But I need you to tell me the truth. Is Norman making you do this, the whole Spider boy routine?” Tony asked gravely.
Oh god. Tony groaned, rolling his eyes heavenward. He was catching feelings again. If he wasn’t careful he’d find himself buying the kid clothes and decorating a room for him within the tower. Harley would get jealous. Maybe he should schedule a ‘just because we’ve decided to adopt a spiderbaby doesn’t mean mom and dad love you any less’ talk for their future.
“You didn’t know about Jaime until today,” she said, maybe just to say it out loud. It was clear she didn’t need Steve’s confirmation. There was something very hard about her expression. “This boy is -”
But the real cherry on top (like he hadn't been given enough shit to deal with) and the one thing that spoiled all of Howard's grand plans for him, was the fact that Tony's a queen.
The unfeeling voice of a woman Steve could only call cold hearted whispered through his mind and he swallowed thickly, tempted to pull Natasha into his chest and banish that voice and anything else that wanted to get close to her, but he knew she wouldn’t tolerate it from him or anyone else. So he just held on to what he could, rubbing his thumbs over her hands to warm them as she blinked away the betraying moisture in her eyes.
Steve looked a little too relieved to see him.
Tony, however, always seemed to be able to find him.
“JARVIS, freeze whatever section Barton is in,” Tony growled.
Or that his father demanded a lot of him.
“Hey, Peter, do you find yourself daydreaming a lot in your other classes?”
“I’m sorry, I should have watched out where I was going,” Steve said. “I—”
It took some time to board off of the plane, go through security, and wait for their baggage, but finally,
He would probably be called in sooner or later. They would need his side of the story to collaborate with Mrs. Elison’s report, right? But what if Flash twisted it around or threatened the family lawyers again? What if—
When he came back, Tony was looking rather drowsy, but Steve insisted that he eat half of the bowl he heated up so he’d have something in his stomach. The heat of the soup also helped to clear out his nose and Steve now knew that Tony blew his nose like a bad trumpet player.
Growing up, I had the fortune to have a dad who was really into science fiction and who loved to share these books, movies, and shows with me. I have a lot of good memories with him because of that and there will be more of these memories featured in this story. My dad has been gone for a while now, but the books mentioned in this chapter are the ones I distinctly remember him loving the most. A bit of a tribute to him, if you will, as he helped me find reprints of the Captain America comics before he passed, simply because I loved Captain America.
Steve jumped. “Did you just quote Isabella from
Steve had an umbrella and a scarf, but he was hesitating to go outside himself. This autumn was slipping into winter quicker than usual with bitter winds and foul weather changing every other second. Even the kids were complaining. One little girl muttered that if there wasn’t any snow or frost to stomp around in, why was the weather bothering to be all wet and gross?
“Tony!”
“I’m okay,” he finally said, swallowing. “Tony didn’t do anything. I think he noticed I was panicking despite everything, because he offered to call for an ambulance. I said it was okay that he crashed on the couch.”
“Oh?” Tony asked, propping himself on his elbow. “Did you really think that?”
“We will help you.”
Maybe.
Tony held his breath.
Pepper made a mental note to do a background check on this ‘Mr. Rogers’. It seemed that this was an idea that Peter would not let go.
Bucky learned that early on in their friendship, but it spoke to how stubborn Bucky could be when he kept looking for him anyways and refused to let Steve wallow for too long.
“I am going to kill Bruce.”
Yeah. He was okay now.
“No,” the sniper called, clearly annoyed. “Signal’s jammed.”
But as he worked, other things filtered into his mind: the way some of his higher ups and heads of departments were a little jumpy; how Obie was behaving since he came back. It was like someone knew something and they weren’t telling him.
The real story about Captain America was not like the comics at all. Besides the number of different serial runs, the different plot lines (and holes), writers and points in time, plus some characters that were purely fictional; the government had to keep its secrets. The super soldier serum was truly lost. It could not be derived from Steve’s DNA or blood. The paperwork needed to change him from KIA to active service member was taking forever to process.
, your vernacular. Whatever you wanna call it. It’s so old fashioned.”
“I am afraid, sir, your most recent work binge ended approximately seventeen hours ago, and this was due to an important board meeting and a series of tours given to investors.”
Tony didn’t like it, but he had to pretend nothing was wrong.
Some people wondered how much of a Captain America fan Tony was.
. This was something he had not thought about yet.
“Tony!”
“Don’t you think I’ve been doing that?” Bucky growled.
“Oh.”
It was horrible, god awful, inhumane blackmail, but the paperwork got done.
“And so, I sketch with charcoal and sculpt, instead of trying to work with watercolor. But that doesn’t make me less of an artist, right?”
The cancer has been the work of a few years struggle now, so it wasn’t like Tony hadn’t known in the back of his mind that this day would come. So why is he dreading this so much?
“You know for once in my life Big Green I’m not going to argue with that, but we need to get to – ”
"She told Narmer that she would go with him to fight the Benu and the only thing she asked for in return for her service was the promise that when he rebuilt the kingdom, that she would have a home in it. Taken by her strange yet undeniable beauty Namer agreed to her terms and together they set out to destroy the Benu. They fought for many months until finally the last of them flew into the great tear in the sky and Niethotep cast a spell to close it forever.
Clint had ducked into the cockpit to pilot so Thor was carrying her into the jet, which was a humiliating position to find herself in but as far as rides went it arguably wasn’t that bad. Still, it was very damsel in distress. Oh well, if any of them was stupid enough to take it to heart she’d correct them. She kind of hoped they did. It would be fun. Thor carried her into the waiting jet and over to a medical cot, depositing her gently.
Clint can smell a set up from a mile away.
It wouldn’t change anything, but Ivan still wanted to know what it was he had sold his soul for.
The scent of pepper assaulted Tony’s nose and his whiskers twitched. God the testosterone was so thick in this room he could bottle it up and make money off it. Stupid a la toms. Tony caught Natasha’s eye and rolled his back into his skull. He couldn’t see it but he felt her smile.
“And they have horns on top of their head that can crush armor! And he says they’re magical, like unicorns, and that if you leave food for one and it comes to your house it will grant your wishes; but they usually only show themselves at Christmas.”
They're not human despite appearing so (minus a few cosmetic differences) so nobody raises too much of a stink about their rights to own property, hold jobs, or you know decide whether or not they'd like to date the tom of their choice and have kits.
“Isn’t that my line?” Steve didn’t laugh at the joke but he slid his arms around Tony and breathed deep, taking comfort in his scent as much as he was the physical closeness. He needed this, Tony realized. They both did. It was one thing to know that Gata bonds were intimate, another thing to experience it.
He shut the others out, seeking that particular bond he always ignored, the familiar signatures of Steve’s brain patterns that both attracted and haunted, and allowed himself to sink within them.
Clint's not human, at least not the sort of human that other human beings recognize as human. He's 'Gata' which means that he's homo-catus, which for those without a PHD in biology means he's a human feline hybrid.
He couldn't be sure, but if Steve's friend Bucky had been a queen it was almost certain that Steve had been fully bonded previously and what was happening now was his biology going haywire in response to that loss.
“Steve. You know he’s not really here.” Tony ignored Barnes altogether to gently but firmly grasp Steve by the elbow.
“T’Sia,” Son of KaResh,” Came the replies and Queen Bastet nodded regally in acknowledgment.
“Hi Honey, bad day at work?” He batted his eyelashes at her and she rolled her eyes, but as predicted let the gesture pass without violent retaliation.
“Would anyone who wasn’t me come in like this?” Clint asked, flipping a few switches on the console so that the search beams on the quinjet flared on dramatically and the air strip was pumped full of loud music.
But some missions require more personal touch. Longer stints of wakefulness, and as such the soldier requires different directives.
“Oh thank fuck. Jus’ give me a minute.” Tony all but moaned as he fell against the car sticking his head inside the open window and as close to the vents as he could reach on the tip-toes of his feet. Again, who gave a fuck about dignity when it was this hot. When he got back to New York he was going to kill Rhodey.
“Look I’m not gonna claim that I thought it through or that the heat didn’t take us both for a ride,” Tony said, hopping off the bar and striding toward him.  “But do me a favor and listen. Don’t try and speak for me. I know what it’s like to feel like you’re going to die without a bite and wonder if you can hold on to that last little bit of fight to keep your neck to the bed. I’ve been there. I know the feeling, so don’t tell me I don’t know the difference between being forced and my own choices.”
They climb in the back of the jeep. The desert sun blazes above them and all they can think about is how they can’t wait to get back into the air conditioning and away from the puppy dog looks of adoration these soldiers are giving them as they gather the courage to ask for a selfie.
He looked soft in the glow of the Christmas lights. Soft, and strikingly lonely in a way that tugged at something in Tony's chest until he heard himself clearing his throat softly. Steve looked up startled, but relaxed when he saw that it was Tony approaching.
"I wanted to apologize for earlier. I didn't mean it how it sounded." Steve falterd, probably noticing how wildly unimpressed Tony was with the start of said apology and blundered on. "But I think Nat's right and it doesn't really matter what I thought I meant."
"Don't encourage them to get any crazier," Steve muttered under his breath pulling a grinning Tony back toward the dance floor but before they departed he pinned Peter Rasputin with the kind of penetrating gaze that only Captain America could give, which threatened dishonor on your entire family line and all your cows if you disappointed him and said, "You make sure she gets home safe son. And take it easy on the drinks."
She’d been drawn back to Tony’s side as he began to thrash on the couch, his thoughts running wildly through her head with frightening magnetism, every brush of emotion and wave of pain dragging at her like riptide.
Closing his eyes he blocked out everything that wasn’t his own heartbeat, and then he opened his mind once more, reaching for his team.
When Tony joined the others on the common floor later he had his second best armor on. His suit was classic black (a perfect match for the hair on his tail and ears because who likes to clash) and tailored to fit like a glove in the sleek sensuous style that people preferred with kats.
It was a shoulder shot. Enough to incapacitate the guy but not cause any fatal damage.
And this was why Tony had no trouble believing Bruce would make an excellent dad. He didn't have a shameless bone in his body and already had that 'in this family we hug it out' rumpled dad look going for him. Tony had been thinking a lot about the vision he'd had and what Bruce had told him about his. Imagining Bruce with a mate and kits of his own just did funny things to Tony. Nobody deserved it more and Tony wanted so badly to promise that it would happen.
Steve jerked free of the dream, the echo of the little girl's scream lingering so tangibly in his mind that for a minute he thought his ears might actually be ringing. It was far from the first time that Steve had been subject to a disorienting dream. He'd had nightmares fueled by the horrors of war and bittersweet dreams of being back in his own time surrounded by familiar faces that left him devastated come morning. However, he wasn’t entirely sure he wouldn’t have preferred even those dreams over ones like the one he’d had since they'd taken that soup on Asgard.
“Castle Black.” Natasha finally turned away from the bed to look at Tony, one hand still set upon the blanket that half-covered Steve. Tony’s eyes caught hers as he stood up straighter in his chair, intent on every word she spoke. She’d left to speak to a contact of hers, because there were places too buried for even Tony to get to without some help to point him in the right direction and time was of the essence. “It’s a codename for a facility where the Russians have been engaged in human experiments. Cancer research mostly, but it’s a front for their real aim.”
