Sherlock glanced over at the rubbish littering the ground and bunched his eyebrows together. Even he had no clue what the man’s method of organization was, judging by the randomness of all the items. “Did you see the intruder at all?”
John sighed and rubbed at his forehead like he was getting a headache. “I’m starting to reconsider.”
There was a quiet rustle of cloth as Sherlock shifted in the bed and faced the back of John. “I would like to kiss you for experiment purposes, as well.”
He shouldn’t feel guilty for making a new friend in Sherlock. He shouldn’t feel like he’s somehow doing Guest a disservice, but he does. He feels like he’s
Though they were seasoned skiers, they were also a rowdy group. Sherlock didn’t bother imposing rules on their behavior as he’d never had a problem with them in the twelve odd years he’d worked with the majority of them, but he didn’t like to mingle. Mingling would make it seem as though they were amicable and if they were amicable they would likely try to offer him advice and Sherlock didn’t need anyone in his head.
Sherlock blinked twice in rapid succession, his mouth falling open in shock, and then he shook his head as he broke into a grin, falling forward a bit to rest his palms on his thighs. “Oh my god,” he whispered to himself.
Her bright smile glinted in the sun. “This is a much different Sherlock Holmes than we usually see, what’s changed?”
to find out John’s taste in mugs for tea, and how he might rearrange the refrigerator and where he would leave the mail after retrieving it in the afternoon. He wanted John consulting on cases with him, wanted his input, wanted him to be involved in the work.
In time, the pilot came over the PA and instructed them all to return their seatbacks to an upright position and direct their attention to the front of the plane for a demonstration of the onboard safety practices. Sherlock hazarded a glance to his right, slightly surprised to see that John still had his eyes closed, though he had moved his seat. He wasn’t sure why he was so shocked; Sherlock knew nothing about the man but he’d been so sure that he was the type to follow the rules.
“Anyway,” John says, about to turn the conversation to safer topics, when the waitress comes with the edamame. “Feel free,” John says, gesturing at the bowl and then pops a pod into his mouth, sucking out the soybeans inside. He watches as Sherlock reaches forth and does the same, plump lips wrapping around a-
The realization sends a sharp pain racing across his chest. It’s not the first he’s thought that when going to bathe, but it still hurts, still stings, just like the first time.
John hummed noncommittally and walked on, and for a time neither one of them said a thing. Sherlock was content to glance at John out of his periphery, noting his shortened gait and the set of his shoulders, the utilitarian cut and style of his coat. Conventionally attractive, Sherlock supposed, with a pleasant and unassuming demeanour. There was the mystery of him too, the possibility of something harder and more dangerous; perhaps he used his sad jumpers to hide the soldier in him, the harder, rougher edges.
Is this what it’s like to have a friend, he wonders. It’s been so long since Sherlock referred to anyone–even privately, to himself–as a friend, that he spends a few moments parsing out exactly what this is. It could be friendship, he supposes; he’s never been in any sort of online exchange like this before, so he’s not really sure.
Moran just grinned predatorily down at him. “Well, we haven’t been caught yet. Jim is very good, very… thorough. And I’m good at, well--you already know what I’m good at.” He shrugged and shucked his bulky leather coat, draping it carefully on the sofa. He pulled his arms across his chest, stretching out; it was an unsettling sight, watching someone limber up in preparation of inflicting pain.
Moriarty’s voice slowly notched up in anger, the tone becoming shrill. “Because I hadn’t accounted for you!”
In the early hours of the morning he gets up and grabs his laptop, bringing it back to bed with him. John gets beneath the covers and makes sure he’s comfortable before booting up and logging on. He feels decadent, browsing the internet like this. He goes through the usual rigamarole of deleting spam and then opens a reply message from Molly.
“Just?” Sherlock asks, and then presses in again, bending at the waist, catching John’s mouth in another, sloppy kiss.
Sherlock dipped his head in recognition once more, in thanks. They did the same in return and Molly smiled at him, winked, and then opened the door and led the team out, back to the tram. They would be at the finish line awaiting him; for the first time in his career, he would have a group of people waiting at the finish line for him.
Tentatively, John reaches across to brush Sherlock’s knee with his knuckles before pulling away. “I mean… it could be good.”
Sherlock steeled himself and rushed to get his words out, before he could convince himself that he was being too sentimental. “What you wanted, to have me just to yourself for awhile. I want it, I want
“It’s not a lack of people skills,” Lestrade mumbled under his breath, and paced once across the room in a meandering line, shaking his head while his arms were still crossed over his chest. He dragged his hands down over his face. “You’re just a dick.”
How did he let this happen? As brilliant, terrifying, humbling as it is, he should have seen this coming. Should have predicted it.
But then he could; on the mountain, of course. Sherlock could outski him, outperform him, show the skiing community and the world that they’d backed the wrong horse. There was a gleeful thrill at that, imagining himself besting Moriarty for gold. Pressing his hands together, he rested them on his lips and sank deeply into thought.
They’ve gotten eons better at talking, but there’s no truly smooth way to say any of it. They’ve been in love with one another so long that John thinks that maybe this is even more intimate than the sex–sex that he hopes will come sooner rather than later–but sleeping together was something completely different.
He has a bit of an out-of-body experience as Sherlock slides his Black Card across the fashionably-distressed check-in desk, the clerk’s eyes flicking between the card and Sherlock’s face. The man behind the desk throws a knowing smile John’s way, and he finds himself doing nothing more than giving a small, resigned sigh.
John was quiet when he responded. “Of course. Yes. Enough for a lifetime.” He blinked, his eyes trailing over Sherlock’s form and across the room; for a moment he was lost in thought. “Far too much.”
be something? “Why,” John pauses, his tongue passing over his lips as he tamps down the urge to cross his arms over his chest in a display of confrontation. “In the
Sherlock doesn’t know, he doesn’t know anything. He’s so totally at sea that he can’t think of a thing to write in return, other than,
that John wants to see if Sherlock can continue to take him by surprise, because wouldn’t that be something?
When he’s returned to the flat he’s distracted for a bit by his laptop, reviewing emails that Lestrade has sent him. The sweat on his skin is long since dry when he drags himself to the shower. He spends far too long beneath the spray, going over various ridiculous scenarios in his head, scenarios he acknowledges are insane and very unlikely to happen, but he can’t help mulling over anyway.
“Hah,” Sherlock’s eyes peeled open and he moved his hands from John’s hips to his shoulders, pushing him away. “Get undressed and get in my bed
Sherlock ponders that; sometimes, John5NF’s emails are the only thing he looks forward to in his day, as completely insane as that is. If he keeps John5NF like this, on the internet, he won’t lose anything. Theoretically, he could continue corresponding with John for years and years, share the simple, online companionship with no risk. Or, he could meet this John5NF character and find out if he’s as interesting as he seems.
Sherlock’s lips formed a thin line, but he refused to let the news affect him; he’d only just managed to center himself. A pair of skis could be top of the line, perfect even, but it all depended on the athlete who wore them. If Hoslinger hadn’t used them before, he wasn’t likely to perform well with them now.
All of my thanks to Erin and Allison for being all "Oh hey, you writing that? You writing it? Oh hey, how's Uphill coming?" and then still reading it over for me, you know, months later.
Phillip gave him a confused look but did as told, examining all of the bolts and fastenings; he pulled away and nodded at Sherlock, confirming everything was all set. Sherlock frowned and kept his eyes on his skis, “And you’re sure you stripped them both down before you waxed?”
Sherlock ducked the questions with his usual aplomb, using his fast-paced words to steer the reporters’ inquiries back to his prowess on the slopes rather than his proclivities in bed. It only spurred to fuel the flames, however, and now they were positively rabid to get confirmation of his preferences despite the host country’s attitude towards homoesexuality. Sherlock’s propensity to dodge the press only heightened his status as an enigma in the sport.
“Greg,” Sherlock implored, working up the ability to humble himself. “I wouldn’t ask if it wasn’t important. I
Sherlock scoped out the area and though the bleachers were packed, there was a small area set just in front of them for authorized personnel and athletes that was out of direct range of the television cameras. They would no doubt find Sherlock eventually, knowing of the “feud” between him and Moriarty, but hopefully he could avoid a direct reaction shot. “Over there.”
Sherlock sighed and rolled his eyes, walking as briskly as was possible in his state towards his hotel.
“I suppose,” he returned and stepped into the room, quietly shutting the door behind him. Sherlock toed off his shoes easily during the four steps it took to reach John. Once they were face to face Sherlock dipped pressing his lips beneath John’s left eye, fluttering a kiss there as his hands once more found the curve of John’s hips and held.
His hits the ‘Send’ button with an exaggerated stab of his finger on the track pad, and then he waits.
He rolls from bed, stretches, and decides on a whim to don his running clothes and go for a jog, an indulgence he's been unable to entertain until presently. John doesn’t plan it, just grabs his keys and phone and heads out into the surprisingly bright London day, thrilled that he apparently no longer needs his walking stick to keep himself upright.
The woman at the register sighs, though her cheeks color a bit. She’s always been a bit enamored with him, even if she tries to hide it with her twenty-something nonchalance. “Yep, again. We’re only doing cash orders,” she directs to Sherlock and then turns her attention back to John. “I’m really sorry, sir.”
Sherlock swallows, squeezes John’s shoulders one last time before separating their bodies entirely. “Care to see my bedroom?”
Sherlock scoffs, rolls his eyes and crosses his legs in the other direction. “God, get your mind out of the gutter; she’s got a new morgue technician.”
Sherlock’s pupils blew wide at the thought of John on top of him, around him, and he complied quickly which resulted in him maneuvering a bit awkwardly in long limbs. He tossed two pillows against the headboard and leaned back against them, splaying his thighs wide as his hand went to his cock again.
Sherlock padded across the room, intent on finding his watch but pulled up short next to the desk. He squinted down, crossed to the window to open the curtains for some light, and then went back. On the desk was a room service container with a note.
“...eat?” John finishes, dipping his head as he feels a slow grin slide up on his lips. He’s enjoying this slow, syrupy heat that’s settling in his stomach; he’s delighting in savoring this sweet burn.
He was able to carry his body across the expanse of marbled floor, and collapsed on a garishly-patterned sofa, his bones very nearly sighing in relief as he did. Sherlock closed his eyes and waited, listening as other patrons entered the hotel, though they didn’t stay to linger in the opulent (but rather needlessly expansive) lobby. He didn’t consider for a moment that someone of import might see him because he was too busy attempting to keep his eyes from remaining closed when his lids would falter and droop.
draft. Frustrated, he quickly googles whether or not he can retrieve a sent mail and to his dismay, finds that it’s impossible. He then checks that the email was at least sent from the Guest account and not his general one and is relieved to see that it was.
Sherlock stretched and ran a hand through his hair, gathering himself quickly together. “John called you, I assume.”
“Rayson Thurbridge? It says two thousand pounds, question mark. Question mark. Were you ever paid, by this person, who by the way sounds like a villain out of a superhero film?”
Sherlock nodded and stood up, John looked so different than the small boy that was once in his room. Sure, he was lean and had some muscles, but now he was taller and broader. His muscles had grown so that he was more built rather than lean, and he was no longer pale and pasty, but a beautiful gold tan. As different as John looked though, it was moments like this that Sherlock remembered he was still the same boy he fell in love with. He walked over to the door and together they went to his old house.
“No...” John protested, weakly. Sherlock was dead, he watched him die. How could he be alive? He couldn’t. It was as simple as that, but it just felt so real... And he felt like the interaction had set him back immensely.
'What's on your mind now, Whitney?' You may ask and I would tell you that I still have to fucking pee, cheers!
John about choked on air, but managed to keep a calm face. Thankfully, the attention was diverted off of him because the door had opened up and an older woman was standing there squealing and hugging Sherlock. He had not been expecting Sherlock to say that and the fact that Sherlock did was incredibly surprising. He imagined Sherlock to be someone who would cry themselves to sleep at night if someone died and he couldn’t ‘save’ them. He acted like he didn’t give a shit on the telly, sure, but John thought that that was just an act... Maybe he didn’t know everything he thought he did about this man after all.
I'M ON FIRE!!! I will be having two updates in a row!! I will be updating Everything Is Not What It Seems later tonight! So if you love this story, but haven't read that one you should! John is an assassin hired to kill sherlock holmes! (;
hey hey hey. It's been years. but now that five years has passed i am making this story later and finishing it. because i made a promise to myself and everyone reading this story that it would not be left unfinished and dammit i am going to keep that promise!!!!
They sat down at Ed’s Diner and ordered breakfast. John had eggs and toast with bacon, while Lestrade just had a coffee. He claimed to have already eaten before work, which was a perfectly reasonable claim so John didn’t question it. They talked for a while about nothing and then finally John felt comfortable enough to tell him everything… It felt so good to tell someone all of the things he was feeling. How his father kicked him out for being gay, how he got kicked out of Sherlock's house and how he had nowhere to go. He told Lestrade everything as he ate his breakfast and sipped his orange juice.
A week later John was getting ready for school in the guest bedroom. Sherlock had allowed him to come back and even though he woke up from his coma a week ago and was released from the hospital five days ago Sherlock and John hadn’t said a word to each other. It wasn’t that John didn’t want to, but he was being stubborn like always, really why should he talk to Sherlock if Sherlock was going to throw a fit. And also, Sherlock was the one who got them in to this mess, so as far as he was concerned it was Sherlock's move. Not his.
Sherlock growled and didn’t text back. He started to run as fast as he could and soon he arrived at Lestrade’s door. He pounded on it angrily.
an afterlife Sherlock would never forgive me, though I suppose Sherlock's not going to forgive me now anyway.” He sighed.
John was silent for a moment and then swallowed thickly, “I can’t make that promise....” He whispered as his hand came up to hold the locket that was wrapped around his neck. He did that when he was under stress, he had only been wearing it for about a month, but the habit developed quickly and Sherlock noticed just as quick.
John sniffed and looked out over Sherlock’s shoulder. “Yeah, well, we have to, don’t we? Can’t let him get away with that.”
John settled his hand against the side of Sherlock’s face and then trailed his fingers through Sherlock’s hair. “Greg filled me in on the chaos, he says he thinks they’ll move the final two days back.”
And why, he wonders, does the prospect of lying to anonymous, Internet John make him feel so terrible?
“Afternoon, Molly. All’s well in sub basement B?” he asks with a smile and then turns to wink at John.
Sherlock sinks into the recesses of his mind, mulling each athlete over when he’s snapped out of his thoughts by a palm clapping him in the middle of his back.
is John making him happy. Why is the simple act of chatting to another person bringing him such immense… contentment? Why is John confiding in him? Is John as deficient as he is? What is it about John that makes him so accessible? What is it about John that makes Sherlock
There are dozens and dozens of other questions that John could ask, but he sends those off first and waits.
Sherlock remains where he’s standing, hands at his sides, at a loss for what to do. “Is Doctor Watson around?” he finally asks, not entirely sure why he’s so eager to find the answer to that question. God, he’s being battered about by desires he’s so unaccustomed to; it’s unsettling.
He rolled his head on his shoulders, huffed out the last of his irritation, slung his towel around his neck and made his way to the elliptical, notching the incline up and settled in, leaning over the machine and allowing the mechanical swishing noise to wash over him and drown out his thoughts. Sherlock focused forward at a television that was covering snowboarding preliminaries, and worked himself until his legs protested; glancing down at the readings, he was happy to note that he’d gone five miles without even realizing it. Sometimes, he found his workouts tedious in their repetitive nature, but being able to zone out was helpful.
“Mmm, who’s to say you’re the handsome man I was talking about?” came John’s coquettish reply and Sherlock barked a laugh and leaned in to nip the crest of his ear.
Sherlock shrugs, rifling through the box before him and then kicking it with one foot, sliding it across the floor to where John is seated. It skitters to a stop just before John’s ankles and he rolls his eyes.
It’s the other things, the things that are hard to qualify the real importance of, the things that make absolutely no sense outside the context of a relationship. The things that have meaning between two people, that are crucial, that may be small and meaningful to some, but to those two people, are cherished.
He took his time in the showers, standing with his head ducked down under the spray for long minutes while other people came and went. The pounding, rushing water beat any remaining thoughts from his head and he felt some of the tension flake mercifully away. He had days to get focused on his upcoming race; right now he needed to try to center himself. Thoughts of John, of his ski team, of the flight to Russia and every step he’d taken to get where he was still pressed at him though he did his best to let them go, if only for the time being.
“Besides,” John assured, yawning into the vee of his elbow. “By the time you’re out of there I’ll be long asleep. I’ll just clean myself up and the bathroom is all yours.”
Is it wrong to spend time with John under the guise of a case? It likely isn’t the best avenue, but Sherlock finds himself rather confused. Are there rules about this? Surely there are. But this isn’t a date, so perhaps there aren’t.
Sherlock took a short little breath and then another, and sat up; the bathwater was turning cold and his limbs were beginning to ache anew. He needed ibuprofen and more water, and perhaps a nap before he was fit to do anything else. Though he deplored sleeping, he was aware of its very obvious restorative properties and recognized that after a nap he might be better suited to tackle the problem at hand.
room to change into clothes suitable,” John bent and brought his lips to Sherlock’s ear, “to grinding against handsome men in dark corners.”
of heavy metal losing momentum loud in the cavernous space--but doors finally swing shut. John sighs and wipes a palm over his face. “Well he’s…”
“John!” she calls, brightly from their bedroom. “Those damn throw pillows you ordered came. Throw pillows, seriously, can’t believe you’re decorating the living room, when—John!” she interrupts herself; he can hear her marching to the door. “Are you bathing in there?”
Angelo smiles at the both of them, “As always, whatever you want, on the house, for you and your date.”
John chuckles and settles back more firmly into the plush valley created by a stack of pillows. “Can’t blame NBC Sports for causing wind, love.”
Sherlock swallowed, knowing he’d wanted to wait for this, this intimacy. But John had made it perfectly plain that he wanted more with Sherlock, that what was developing between them would reach far beyond the physical. If he’d been worried about John’s intentions, John had clarified them with a few heartfelt words. Sherlock’s blood thickened and slowed in his veins as his heart beat painfully in his chest; he could imagine much more with this man, a lifetime more, and Sherlock found the need to prove that with his body.
John smiles at him, a secretive little thing, and Sherlock thinks it’s important, John’s pointing that out, that his sister was dating a woman. But why? Why does he want Sherlock to know that?
They parted ways at the hospital, John being whisked off to a new hotel where the other ski team medics were staying. Sherlock agreed with him that it was probably for the best, being around other medical personnel while also providing some distance between them while the reporters were all champing at the bit for a morsel of a story.
Sherlock turns to him, his face completely blank; their gazes hold, as though to ask, Now? Finally? We’re doing this? and Sherlock takes a deep breath, doesn’t look away. “Simon. Just before… the first time I went in.”
Sherlock swallowed audibly and shifted backward ever so slightly, until John’s chest was flush with his back. His mind screamed at him to keep it together but for once, his body moved of its own volition, seeking what it wanted. John’s exhale was audible and he felt it paint across his skin, which responded immediately in goosebumps.
Sally raises a brow, not one to back down from a challenge. Sherlock has always admired that about her, but he’ll never admit to it. “Who’re you? A colleague? How long have you known him, then?”
Sherlock smiled back, unseen by John. “Yes,” he said and pressed his mouth to John’s brow. “Now, I believe I said
, Sherlock,” John says and then presses in, centimeter by centimeter, eyes glued to Sherlock’s face, watching, caring.
“Yes, love,” John amends and steps up to him, dips his head until Sherlock glances up and catches his gaze. “I know that.”
“That’s good to know,” John says and then laughs, leaning forward on the table, the candlelight flickering in his open gaze. “Look, I’m uh, I’m glad that we worked this out, and…”
Licking his lips, Greg fumbled over the words, bringing Molly just the slightest bit closer in at his side. “I’m uh, I’m…”
“Yeah, yeah, and he, well, he was impressive. He… yeah,” John said, gulped and turned his attention away, swallowing a few hearty pulls of his beer.
He generally ate alone, unlike the majority of the other athletes at the Games who traveled about in their respective sport groups. The Athlete’s Village was set up in a way that was conducive to group activities, and it was conspicuous when anyone roamed about without a gaggle of their fellow competitors. He got stares, but he was used to it, having learned long ago to ignore the attention and carry on like always.
Sherlock chuckled, his diaphragm cringing at the movement. “My plan is to--and I can’t believe I’m saying this--is to do absolutely nothing because I… can’t. At the moment.” Even as he said it, Sherlock frowned. He wasn’t used to being sedentary and it would surely drive him slightly mad but there was nothing for it.
“I’m sorry,” John croaked and Sherlock immediately torqued his neck, trying to catch a glimpse of his face.
using it; there would be more accidents, right? More deaths? Or… the obvious connection, blackmail.”
The lights in the room are low, but not off. Sherlock is glad for it; he wants to see John’s body thrown into chiaroscuro, seek out the dips and creases of John’s shadowy body with tongue and fingers.
“Do you know what this coffee reminds me of? The first day I met you,” Sherlock says, and it’s a shade close to wistful.
Pressing his lips together, his face is a mask of reprimand. “It’s a tabloid John, ‘believable’ is in direct opposition with their mission.”
“Ah, Molly, do you have the newest goggles, the ones I’ve yet to try?” he asked, moving efficiently around the area until he found the bench next to where his gear was prepared. She came up beside him belatedly, reaching into one of his sleek gear bags to produce the goggles.
John reaches over, sifting his fingers through Sherlock’s tangled curls. “Well, I’m proud of you for being so… open, too.” John clears his throat and looks away, towards the window that looks out over the village. “A lot of people are going to watch that and think… ‘I can do that.’”
He swallowed and blinked down at his lap. “And if Moriarty is responsible for this, these deaths, think about what danger you’re in Sherlock. He could target you, he could-”
John turns and is confronted with a portly, grinning, ever-chipper Mike Stamford. John hasn’t seen Mike in going on eight years, now. He’s not changed much from the man with whom John had come up through medical school; he’s still heavyset and seems to still be brazenly optimistic, if the light in his eyes and the dimples that dot his cheeks are any indication.
That night, John peels Sherlock out of his clothing, and Sherlock-uncharacteristically-lets him. He takes his time, sliding buttons through their holes, dotting kisses on newly-bared skin. Sherlock feels as though he’s being worshipped, and he finds himself giving his body and mind over entirely to the sensation.
Sherlock spends the next few days casually chatting with John5NF, learning silly, innocuous, truly meaningless things about him. They share their thoughts about London, about the improvements on the Tube, about the new exhibition at the Portrait Gallery. He learns John’s London and John learns his.
He huffed, setting the bar back onto the holding rack and grit his teeth. “Another,” he demanded and after stretching out his arms, went for another set. If Greg had still been coaching him, he wouldn’t have questioned Sherlock’s intensity, would have simply stood and spotted him, made off-hand comments that would fuel Sherlock’s resolve. If Sherlock were being honest with himself, that was one of the things that he missed the most, Greg’s constant goading. The man knew how to get Sherlock in the proper headspace without Sherlock even realizing it and didn’t take any flack from him, forcing him through rounds and rounds of leg lifts until he was sure that Sherlock had gotten all he could from his muscles.
about my training, hm? Mother and father were content to stand back and let me achieve at my own pace while you… you were always the one
Sherlock suddenly finds that he too despises himself; to be someone that John doesn’t like, to be someone that one of the best people he’s ever interacted with doesn’t take to…
It’s that moment that the bell chimes and John tears his gaze away from Sherlock’s shocked expression and looks towards the door, but it’s a couple come in to order coffee. And he can’t help it, truly cannot, when his expression falls. It’s nine-fifteen now, and no Guest. God, he feels like an utter fool.
A few long minutes of silence later, interspersed with the quiet noise of swallowing, Sherlock asks, “You think it’s too outlandish?”
John types it out, finger by finger, his stomach turning further and further in his body until it feels like it’s flipped clear over inside of him. He squints at the screen, frowns, shrugs, frowns
There’s comfortable silence, during which John picks up an olive and pops it into his mouth. When he’s finished chewing, he clears his throat and swirls the wine in his glass. “Do you see things about me?” John asks, his eyes bright and questioning.
“Hah,” John says, wiping the sweat from his forehead, flopping down onto the pillow. “Haaaaaaah, god, okay.”
He reached the hallway that lead to his room and was utterly dismayed to find no sign of the clerks’ presence. With an audible groan, Sherlock slumped against the wall and then slid down it all the way to the floor. He just wanted to
Insurance had paid Mrs. Hudson quite handsomely after the incident with the explosion–supplemented, of course, by Mycroft–and it had been Sherlock who suggested finally converting the garden-level flat into a livable space. The insurance payout coupled with the short sale of John’s flat outside the city had left them enough to finance a hefty renovation, with enough leftover to take care of most of John’s past debts.
Sherlock looked up to the sky and laughed openly, ribs jostling unhappily at the movement, and then he skied over to the designated area on the sidelines and waited in front of the large NBC Sports backdrop. He was smiling far too much, he was sure, but he couldn’t seem to stop.
Sherlock almost smiled; even if he wasn’t exactly in the proper headspace, his team certainly was. He found himself an empty stall and began tugging on his Lycra, pausing to appreciate how snugly it fit his body. This was a singular sensation he was sure he would miss, the idea that he was one long line from the crown of his head to the tips of his toes, that he was held together, bound by this suit. Sherlock sighed as he adjusted the wrists and the ankles and tugged on his Olympic vest.
Sherlock frowned and pressed on, “And considering that the rumors would be even more damning in the current political climate, I don’t think it’s-”
“Nominally,” he said with the ghost of a smile, his cheeks rounding and darkening them with the slightest flush.
“Oh, yeah. Before. There’ve been uhm, well,” Molly bites her lip, looks a bit nervous, smiles to herself and then frowns. “Mike knows.”
There was a sigh and Sherlock turned to look down at John. He was smiling, shaking his head. “God, your ego is enormous.”
Taking a glance around, Sherlock noted that Molly and Lestrade weren’t with them and he could only hope that they were already at the peak waiting. Phillip sat in a corner of their tram staring out the window at the powder covering the run, caught in his thoughts.  Sherlock felt a swell of annoyance rise in him, and stood suddenly amongst his techs.
He snatched up his phone with one hand and ran his other through his hair. There were a dozen or so texts waiting for him and Sherlock smiled down at the screen, noticing that a few of them were from John. He noted that he’d had several missed calls, two from Molly, but didn’t have the patience for her voicemails at the moment. Generally, she would call him about the most inane things, giving him information that could be better shared via text, and he didn’t have the patience to listen to a ten minute message about how she’d given his skis a proper wipe down, as she
Sherlock blinked, went back, and opened the next article. It was small, but it was there; a tiny little thread, linking dead skiers to Jim Moriarty.
Sherlock swallowed. “I’m not sure that’s a wise idea. I’ll have to speak with my agent about giving an interview and-”
They’re a few paces down the pavement when Sherlock glances over at John. The feeble sunlight pushing its way through the low clouds seems to encompass him, seems to bend around and hold him, suspended, beautiful. John’s hair is still wet and Sherlock admonishes himself mightily for finding it charming, the way it looks slicked down, almost as though he’s a greaser from the fifties. John keeps his hair military-neat, but Sherlock finds himself wondering how he could best muss it with his fingers, undo some of that rigidity.  It’s an entirely inappropriate road to start down, but he finds himself on it more and more lately.
assumed drug deal gone wrong. But these here,” Sherlock stabs the photograph of the crime scene. “If these are staples you’re looking at a surgical mishap. Location of the supposed staples indicates some sort of incision to the abdomen, likely meaning that the victim was certainly out of the hospital against medical advice as they’d keep a patient with such an incision bedridden until healing was further along. Check the local hospitals for anyone with abdominal surgery who left against medical advice.”
“Hah, no, nice try, now get up, it’s got to take you ages to fix that hair.” John made a vague gesture towards Sherlock’s head and pulled on his trousers.
“So you’ve known her for a while,” John translates, slowly, deciphering Sherlock’s hastily-delivered string of words.
He taps a fingernail against the side of his mobile, willing a reply to come. He doesn’t want the reply so that he’ll have an answer for Lestrade. No; he wants the answer for an entirely different reason, he realizes. He just wants to chat with John5NF, to interact, to
“Once more with the romance,” Sherlock intones the last word with what John is sure he means to be disgust, but sounds much more like bashfulness.
It’s a very, very introspective message that John5NF has sent, and it sends something like a ripple of mirth down Sherlock’s spine. The way John5NF speaks about London reminds him of how he feels about the city; not in springtime, and not so soft and romantic, but Sherlock loves London all the same. It’s touching, in a way, knowing that someone else, someone he’s become so fond of, is also so fond of a place that he is.
They make a few more pleasantries before Bode peels off to speak with someone else and John finally plucks Sherlock’s mobile form his hand–Sherlock’s face showing an ‘o’ of surprise and gentle outrage–and settles it in his own rear pocket. “You
The response is almost immediate, and John finds himself wishing--for some reason--that he could chat with Guest, over an instant messaging program.
He was strong lines and graceful curves, his hips cutting to the left and right to steer his body. Powerful calves shifted and contracted, angling his skis. His lean muscles flexed beneath the lycra as he twisted around a sharp turn and thudded over a jump, his head down and eyes focused as he rocketed ahead.
John pulls back to look at Sherlock’s face. “S’why you feel like you’re going to burst. It’s why I feel the same… you’ve… filled me up.”
Sherlock’s face twists, as though he’s upset with himself for not calling it to attention before. He composes himself, looks all of prim and proper when he poses, “So. You’re.”
,” John repeats and picks up the pace, infinitesimally. He shudders, tugs his knees in tighter as Sherlock’s legs squeeze at his sides. It’s difficult like this, but they can see one another, right down to the marrow of the others’ bones. They can see.
The job seems… good. A decent salary--one that would keep him in London at least--and relatively close to his bedsit. Molly had seemed pleasant and he could see her being a good co-worker and he’d be around Mike again. His therapist would be over the moon if he took the job. John knows it’s not ideal, and he doesn’t pretend that it is, but he also knows that the longer he waits to take a position, the less likely it is that he will be able to get anything respectable.
“Sorry,” John is confused, pressing his fore and middle finger to the center of his forehead and interjects. “Are you quoting
His dressing gown flutters out angrily behind him as he stands from his laptop and spins. He has to get out, has to move, be free, break from the tethers that are binding him to this preposterous situation that… should be beneath him but…
developed the wax himself, had even attempted to sell it legally. Money, Sherlock realized, profit, was a vicious motivator but Moriarty wanted something more. The pieces all slotted into place: Moriarty setting up a network of athletes to sell his product across the globe. His intentions to win the downhill and do away with his competition; he would have the fame and the money and control an illegal operation that spanned several continents, an international web of criminals.
Sherlock swallows, looking gangly and out of place before John; his eyes have gone wide and wet—wet?—and he seems a bit lost. “I don’t like seeing you hurt, John,” he says, his voice low and rumbling.
Sherlock’s chest is flushed red, from John’s hands, and the shower, and John doesn’t linger there long, though vows silently to himself to lavish some attention in the very near future on the toned expanse of skin. His thumb swipes a nipple and Sherlock sighs, arching gently into the touch.
John blinks, touched by the softness in Sherlock’s tone, in his touch. “There’s nothing wrong with my pajamas,” he whispers back.
This has been both a blast and a burden to write. There were times when there was nothing else I could think about other than Sherlock in lycra; in those moments the words came easily. Then summer turned up and there was nothing I wanted to write about
to wake him fully, just as the water was. Long minutes were dedicated to scraping his fingernails against his scalp as he shampooed and conditioned his hair and scrubbed himself down. He lingered once he was through, fingers wandering below his waist to ghost over his cock.
“Ah, little painkillers and some hot water sounds just the ticket.” John stood and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s nape. “Couple of middle aged wrecks having a soak.”
He didn’t have to wait long before Moriarty showed up with his entourage, the hulking form of Moran pulling up the rear; he scanned the occupants of the main floor and Sherlock sat up straighter in his seat to ensure he’d be seen when Moran’s gaze tracked to the corner.
He turned with a wink and sauntered off back towards the locker rooms and Sherlock released a huge gust of air he hadn’t realized he’d been holding.
“Sure you’re not going too hard?” his spotter asked, fingertips lingering just beneath the bar as Sherlock held the weights aloft.
for a very long time. The message disappears and reappears several times before his message appears.
“Oh,” John said, clearing his throat primly. “And erm, just out of curiosity, how will you introduce me?”
He dreamt distantly of cornfields flecked with stalks of gray, of the tumultuous ocean and of soldiers lying low and preparing for combat.
Moriarty and Moran fell back into whispering at one another and Sherlock craned his neck around to glance at the room, seeing if there was anything he could possibly use to his advantage. To his left was the bathroom and the hallway to the bedroom and to his right--
”No, Sherlock,” John climbs hastily onto the bed and shuffles over, tosses one knee over Sherlock so that he’s straddling Sherlock’s thighs. “Never. This has been... ” John sighs, palms pressed into Sherlock’s stomach, “God, you… I’ve wanted you so much. For so long. I…”
He crossed the finish line with a cutting little swish of his skis, skidding up to where the finisher’s backdrop would normally be; he fitted his goggles onto the forehead of his helmet and gazed up at the mountain. That had felt good, brilliant in fact, and in a moment Sherlock found himself unstrapping his feet and setting back up the mountain for another run.
Sherlock’s mouth slips open and John seizes his opportunity, deepening it, resting back against the sofa as Sherlock maneuvers to his knees and drapes himself over John. It’s an odd angle, to be sure, and Sherlock is pressing down on him, towering over him, but John finds he quite likes it. Hands go to hips–they want to go to Sherlock’s backside, but don’t stray that far–and Sherlock tips his head, falls deeper, changes the angle, and their tongues touch and retreat.
Moriarty's upper lip twisted and he stood back as though placated, and then suddenly lashed out, bringing his palm up in a hard slap across John’s cheek.
Sherlock taps his mobile to his mouth while he thinks of what he wants to say; how he can possibly properly convey what he’s striving to?
It would be a different story altogether, Sherlock realized, if Moriarty were a better skier than he was, but he
Sherlock momentarily considered outright lying, claiming that he barely knew John at all, but the tabloids would call his bluff for him. Besides, Sherlock was certain that Moriarty or one of his little henchmen had actually seen them together; there was no denying their association now.
They parted ways when they reached the gym, agreeing to be back at Sherlock’s suite at the meeting time. Sherlock went through his standard workout, incorporating a bit more cardio than usual. He was keyed up, on edge, suffused with a reckless sense of anticipation and he needed to sweat it out.
?” Until that moment Sherlock didn’t know where John lived, but that knowledge was promptly superseded by acknowledging the fact that yes, it
He wanted to prove with his hands and lips and tongue and cock how positively extraordinary he found John Watson. It was a strange feeling, though not unwelcome, wanting to be so close and intimate with someone whom he’d really only just met. But something in his core, something deep down in his gut evened out and settled at the thought of having John in his bed.
It’s a disappointment when they reach their table and John’s hand falls away as they sit down. They’re seated at a small, wobbly table sandwiched between an enormous, empty brick fireplace and faux-weathered picture window. Sherlock takes a stick of chewing gum from his pocket, folds it in half and bends to secure it beneath the table leg, his curls nearly catching fire from the small candle situated towards the outer edge. John snatches it away, and Sherlock glances up in surprise.
He’s stunned when Sherlock shrugs, smiles and stands; for a moment he’s relieved, but then Sherlock moves to the table in front of him and takes a seat facing John, smiling serenely all the while. “Not what I meant,” John says, but Sherlock just presses his lips together and raises his brows in a silent
“He’s… a scientist,” Molly begins tentatively. “I, we’re… friends and he, well, he sometimes comes in to look--not to look at, sorry, sorry--he experiments on things. Not, not in a weird way. Well, sometimes in a--He’s
Barcelona,” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “A week, we’ll nap all afternoon and I’ll tend to your wounds and we’ll eat nothing but paella and drinking nothing but wine.”
It was slow motion, leaving the gate. He shoved off so hard that he didn’t make contact with the snow for a second or two but when he did, something burst to life inside of him, suffusing his entire being with simultaneous riot and calm.
“Fuck,” John bends his knees above the water, only to find his skin flecked with fine, gold dust. He is covered in glitter.
“Like men. Yes.” He whispered. “But unlike you I don’t think I’ll ever be able to say that out loud again. It stays between us? I just took out my anger on you… And I’m sorry… do you think it would be possible to ever forgive me?” He swallowed thickly as he slowly looked up at John, his best friend.
“Sherlock...” he whispered quietly and didn’t speak for a long time, “I love you... do you know that?”
Sherlock closed his eyes and let out a breath, willing it not to turn into a whimper. John wasn’t supposed to see. He just wasn’t, that wasn’t part of the plan.
, and he just nodded. He had to swallow a few times to be able to get the words out, and tamp down his emotions. “Of course… Anything…. Do you – umm… Do you have lube and condoms…?”
Sherlock sighed and closed his eyes slightly, “is this really about the chair, John?” He asked softly as he leaned forward and rested his elbows on his knees.
“Are you afraid of getting hurt? Is that what this is about? Because I can assure you from the look in John's eyes he doesn’t plan on leaving anytime soon.”
John snuck into the room later that night. Sherlock was probably up because he never seemed to sleep, but when he opened the door he realised that he was wrong and that Sherlock was already fast asleep in bed. He sighed, but it was all okay because it was meant to be a surprise and if Sherlock was up he wouldn’t stop asking questions. He just hoped he made the right decision…
John pulled his fake one out and bounced it in his hands a bit, “You can use mine if you need...” John watched in amazement as Sherlock blinked in utter shock. He could tell that Sherlock was confused, but he shook it off and stood up.
“John... I—“ he swallowed hard and tried to collect his thoughts, “I didn’t mean what I said... any of it and trust me when I say you have every right to hate me, but my father... he said if I didn’t do what I did he would kill you and mummy and Mycroft! And I couldn’t let that happen... please understand... I need you and I love you so much, John! To the moon and back!” he whispered, the words tumbling out of his mouth like he was speaking so fast they couldn’t keep up. He clicked his mouth shut again once he finished speaking and swallowed once more.
She screamed and punched him in the face, though it was rather weak. She didn’t want to hurt him – she was overcome with emotions, yes, but hurting him was not something she wanted to do. She choked on a sob and then hugged him tightly, “Why!” She sniffled.
John gave a breathless laugh and shook his head once, “No, I suppose not.” He smiled softly and then slowly rested his hand on her knee and drew circles with his thumb.
A silver haired man came into the room and he and Sherlock talked back and forth about some bloke named Anderson, but John wasn’t really paying that much attention. Before he knew what was happening the silver man left and Sherlock was running out the door, “Mrs. Hudson I won’t be home until later! John don’t wait up.” He hummed and then was out of the flat.
Sherlock practically choked at the flavour, he immediately spat it out and half drooled on himself. “John!!!! That was disgusting!!” He flailed and glared at John, who was just laughing his head off and wiping tears from his eyes.
Sherlock sighed. “Cakeman. Not even you and your brilliantness can fix this.” Sherlock and Mycroft were close. They had become even closer with John in their lives. He would never admit this, but he looked up to his brother a lot. Maybe one day he would be ready to tell him, but today was not that day.
“God, you’re annoying, and I will never get what he sees in you. I just said I didn’t care about you! I wanted to see
“John, I have been losing too much blood… I got shot before we even left the house – Just please.” He whispered.
Ted threw John back down on the ground, well at least that got him to let go of John. “What’s so funny, fag junior?” he yelled and started making his way towards Sherlock.
John's head shot up and he looked at Sherlock. He looked back down at his father and then up at Sherlock again. He had gotten carried away and felt a bit guilty by it.
They got back from a case one night and Sherlock was in a bad mood because he couldn’t solve it. Of course he couldn’t solve it... John was the cause of it and he hated himself for it. That was a first and he didn’t like it. “It’s fine... you’ll catch him eventually...” Of that John was certain, but that was because John would have to reveal himself to Sherlock and it and then Sherlock would understand. He would also hate John, though he supposed that didn’t matter because he was supposed to torture him.
Sherlock deduced everything perfectly – well it would have been perfect had it been true, but it was exactly what John wanted him to say so it was perfect. He was amazed and soon they arrived to the abandoned house where a lady and a man tormented Sherlock... John actually felt bad and swallowed because it reminded him of himself when he was in school and at the orphanage, but he pushed the thought down and soon they were inside.
Sherlock cried with joy and smiled at John, “Yay!” He hummed and waited patiently, John was always so good to him. Saving him in this drastic time of need.
John swallowed hard because he wasn’t sure he did... he didn’t know what the future held for him and Sherlock and in a way that scared him. He wanted to stay with him, but he had a feeling that that wasn’t going to happen… especially considering how things were right now. How Sherlock was – he had to leave Sherlock before Sherlock left him because he knew that if Sherlock chose to leave him – well, he didn’t think he would be able to continue on and that
“Well, I think we should drink to that.” He hummed sadly and poured two glasses. He handed one to Sherlock and they clanked glasses, Sherlock was honestly so grateful that he understood. He definitely didn’t want to lose Brian as a friend. Sherlock downed his drink as Brian did the same, “Wanna go watch telly on the couch?” Brian asked softly.
John just smiled sadly and then went to go pack a bag for the both of them, it was the least he could do for Sherlock. These next few weeks he wanted Sherlock to do as minimal work as possible.
Sherlock swallowed hard and stared up at the ceiling because what was he supposed to do now? He took a shaky breath and wouldn’t look at Brian, “John’s dead.” He said with no emotion whatsoever. This way he didn’t have to deal with anything – this way he was hoping it would hurt less, but it didn’t.
Sherlock swallowed and finally pulled away slightly. He leaned back in and kissed the top of her head, “Bye...” He whispered. He looked at the man and nodded once before walking a bit away from the casket and sitting down.
An old woman answered... she was probably around Mrs. Hudson’s age. “Christ...” John breathed under his breath.
“Of course,” He hummed and stood up straight. “Whenever you’re ready just click – well, I’m sure I don’t need to tell you how to play a video. Take all the time you need.” And with that he left the room.
“Now, Irene. Let’s not jump to conclusions here. I simply missed you and thought it best to introduce my boyfriend to you.” He explained, trying not to let the beginnings of a panic attack creep up on him. Perhaps this wasn’t a good idea after all, but he just wanted John to feel the way
Sherlock woke up and stretched. He sighed as he looked around the room and then shook his head. He slept in the guest bedroom... his and John's old room, but that was only because the bed was comfier and his was covered in experiments. He was doing a lot of that now... Experiments. He scrubbed at his face and then stood up to go take a shower, but then swallowed and looked away at the thought. John liked showers... a bath... yes; a bath would work just fine.
Mycroft swallowed hard and continued to drive to the nearest hospital. He could hear Sherlock, but he would be quiet… This moment was John's. Not his… He had plenty of moments he could have had and even though he never took them, even though his brother was dying, he just couldn’t let his emotions show. Not now, not like this.
Sherlock felt his heart jerk and then felt stupid because he didn’t know why his heart was jerking. “Alright, is that ok with your parents?”
John knew that he needed to tell Sherlock about his mum and he would, but now was not the time. Sherlock was already going through an overwhelming amount of emotions, to toss his mum into the mix would just be cruel. He climbed in next to Sherlock and held him close, eventually both drifting off to sleep curled up in each other’s arms.
Brian bit his lip and sighed, looking up at Sherlock with such hope, “But you can't just sit there and tell me you didn’t feel anything for me... right?”
John sighed and shook his head. “No, that’s what everyone thinks of you. I on the other hand have probably read way too much into the books and have come up with my own theory on his personality.”
John was a brilliant man. He was smarter than anyone he had ever had the pleasure of meeting and sometimes he would follow Sherlock Holmes in the paper and would just laugh. Everyone thought that Sherlock was brilliant, a prodigy, but John was so much smarter than him! However, he knew his job and he knew his place... unlike Sherlock he couldn’t flaunt his abilities, but he loved his job more than life so he supposed he was okay with it.
Sherlock flopped down on the couch and then Mycroft came up to him and handed him back his phone, “If he texts you again, Sherlock, I need to know. Do you understand me?” He said in a menacing voice, narrowing his eyes. Sherlock huffed and nodded slowly, leave it to Mycroft to be meddling. Mycroft let out a small breath of relief and then walked towards the front door, “Okay... Detective Inspector Garrett and I will be back later...” He waited for a reply, but when there wasn’t one he sighed and walked out of the house.
Twenty-four hours later and John was finally able to see Sherlock. Mycroft probably held John in his arms for ten hours, but he wouldn’t tell Sherlock that. He needed comfort and so did Mycroft, they found it in each other and for that John was grateful. John walked into Sherlock’s room and smiled brightly when he saw that he was awake. “Hi…” He said quietly. “How are you feeling?”
He grumbled to himself and didn’t say another word because there was nothing to say. Soon they were where he was supposed to go and he was pushed out of the car. He growled a bit because they could have at least been gentle with him. They pulled the bag off of his head and John blinked a few time to regain his eyesight back. He saw a man leaning on an umbrella with a chair in the centre of the room. The chair wasn’t for umbrella man so it must be for him... ha! There was no way in hell he was using that!
John growled, “BUT I WASN’T!” He screamed back. “Why can’t you just let it go, Sherlock!!? What’s done is done and I can’t change the past! REMEMBER THAT! That’s what
Chapter 13 will be Sherlock's Point of view so it will kind of jump backwards in time... JUST A HEADS UP! WOO!!! Anyway thanks for reading!!
He wasn’t scared though, this was Mycroft – though, the man did just drug him and tie him to a bed so perhaps he should have been scared, but he wasn’t. He let his head fall back into the mattress and just stared up at the ceiling until someone came to retrieve him. John wasn’t sure how much time had passed, but sooner or later the door opened to reveal Mycroft stepping in, blinking slightly. “Oh, you’re awake…” He drawled and walked over to sit on the edge of the bed.
The next morning John awoke to the door slamming shut. He gasped, jerked upright abruptly, and then fell out of the bed. He huffed slightly and thought to himself he really needed to stop sleeping on the edge of the bed, because really, falling out every other day was getting rather tedious. Maybe if he pressed the bed up to a wall… That could work. He groaned and then blinked rapidly multiple times to try and get the sleep out of his eyes. “What is it? What’s happening?” He yawned sleepily, not thinking anything was wrong. Mycroft and Sherlock probably just had a fight or something.
Sherlock grabbed the locket from him and then walked behind John. He put the locket around John’s neck and clasped the back together, unlike the dog tags it wasn’t long enough to just slip over John's head, “There.” He hummed.
“....no.... I want to surprise him,” He said slowly. “What’s he doing nowadays anyway?” He knew he said he would be done no matter what had happened, but this was different. How could Sherlock write if he wasn’t getting his letters, and why would he continue to write if he thought John was dead? He supposed that’s why he was still trying.
“No, you don’t... but under the circumstances I really think you should have.” She whispered quietly. She wasn’t angry John had shoved her away, she understood, she really did.
Claire was sitting there staring at him, but she wasn't angry... He could tell she was incredibly sad and perhaps a bit joyful? He wasn't Sherlock. He couldn't deduce things like he could, but he did learn a few things. "Hey..." Claire whispered softly.
him! And he wasn’t there! No, I didn’t need him every day, I’m perfectly capable of functioning on my own, ta, but some days were harder than others. Some days I had no one to talk to and I needed that. But he wasn’t there – he never was. I wrote him every day for a whole fucking year and still he couldn’t even be arsed to send me a letter saying ‘Oh, hey John, but I would rather not write to you anymore.’ – hell! Even a ‘Fuck off, you twat,’ would have been better than the silence I got!!!
John swallowed, hard. “No… I–“ okay, so very much still angry with him. John had hoped he had forgiven him quickly, but that was clearly not the case. “Look. I’m sorry I left you last night. I probably left you when you really needed me. And I realise that that was shit on my part.” He heard Sherlock hum a small hum, letting John know he hit the nail on the head with that one. “But I promise that it will be alright… Okay..?”
John leaned against the couch and pulled out a paper from the stack of jobs people had sent him and looked over it. He groaned, rolled his eyes, and threw it behind him.
Sherlock felt his blood boil in his veins and hissed, “Who the fuck did he kill? How do you even know it’s confirmed? Why did you even think to
Sherlock huffed and narrowed his eyes into the cup, maybe John would just forget about everything and come back like nothing had happened. That being thought, it wasn’t Sherlock's lucky day and he stiffened when he heard John speak his next words.
Sherlock instantly felt better, of course John would understand he had gone through the same thing and Sherlock had known that, but he still couldn’t help the voice inside his head saying John would leave him. He opened his mouth to speak again, but John beat him to it. “That’s not all of it though, is it.” He said quietly.
Sherlock sighed and scooted over as far as he could. “I promise you won’t because it is physically impossible for you to do that because your name is John Hamish Watson and as far as I know... it is physically impossible for John Hamish Watson’s to hurt me.” He smiled a bit at John and patted next to the bed.
John didn’t care because he tortured people for a living, but Sherlock’s John would. He growled and then shoved Sherlock, “Clean. It. Up.” He spat.
Lestrade had eventually just stopped showing up with cases because he knew Sherlock wouldn’t come. Normally, Sherlock would regret that, but this was something so unexplainable he couldn’t just give up on it. He would search his whole life just to get answers! Every day he would sit and stare at his wall while he waited… Waited for a sound… A sound that would bring hope.
The blond boy blinked rapidly, “I... I’m sorry. If you wanted to go so bad I would have taken you, but I didn’t know... You usually find errands boring and by the end of them you get all grouchy. Though, I promise I will take you with me next time!” He smiled brightly.
John narrowed his eyes slightly, he honestly didn’t know if that was true or if Mycroft was just trying to get a rise out of him. Though, if Mycroft was speaking the truth he honestly wouldn’t be surprised. The first six months Sherlock was not the same, he was constantly doing experiments and hardly giving John the time of day. He most likely drugged John on occasion just to test a hypothesis he had about an experiment.
“John really. He didn’t get that far… He started to undo my belt when they came…” He whispered. “He didn’t even kiss me. He just brushed his fingers all over me and—“ Sherlock shivered and felt like he was going to throw up so he stopped talking.
! In truth, even though he hid it well, Mycroft hadn’t been the same since John died... he closed himself off just like Sherlock – only he didn’t use drugs, he used work. Perhaps, that’s why he got to where he was so fast. John had been the anchor of that family, whether they had realised this or not.
“Clean me off… I just feel like it’s so against your nature… but here you are doing it.” He smiled happily and held Sherlock close to him.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “Shut up. I’m going to write to you every single day until you get sick of me!”
“WELL FIND SOMEONE!” He shouts and throws his tea cup across the room. It almost hits John, but he’s manages to dodge it. It hits the wall behind him instead and shatters.
John laid down on the seat and blinked a bit. “Sherlock, are you alright…” He did not like the sound of Sherlock's voice one bit and his stomach sank as he thought of the worst case scenario.
And Claire – bless her heart – was hanging on a thread of patience, “No, you won’t.” She said softly. “I won’t let you.”
The man was by him in a second, wrapping him up in his arms and running his fingers through his hair, “Shh, John. Shh... it’s okay, my love.” He whispered.
Sherlock nodded once and stared at the rotting wall in front of him, “Good... I – good.” He said firmly. “Just give me a five more months, tops.”
“YOU. DO. NOT. TOUCH. HIM!” he said in between each punch. Calling them both degrading names was one thing, but almost hurting his friends… and not just his friends. He almost hurt
“John, please. I want to apologise… What I did was wrong.” He swallowed, “I came to ask for your forgiveness. I can't take back what I did… But I just wanted to say that I’m sorry and that it won’t happen again. To you –  or Sherlock.” He whispered, “I just – I was scared, John.”
John blinked and stopped writing. He slowly looked up at Zack and nodded slowly. “Alright.... I just- I’ll be gone before school gets out...” John knew that this was going to happen eventually, but he didn’t plan on staying here for that long anyway... He had only needed three or four more weeks and then he would be gone! Everything would have worked itself out... He was certain of that.
him, Sherlock. I had a hard enough time keeping him alive before, I’ve absolutely no idea how I’m going to do it now. That being said you better hurry the fuck up and come home because I don’t think he can last much longer. Especially not after last night,” She bit out and then hung up before Sherlock had the chance to say anything because she could not deal with him right now.
John began to cut away until Sherlock started to squirm like a mad man, causing John to almost cut him because he was already drunk and didn’t have good precision, “Sherlock! If you don't stop that I’ll end up cutting your dick off!”
John nodded. He wasn’t usually hungry in the morning, but they hadn’t eaten anything at all yesterday so his stomach was angry with him. John sat up and frowned as he looked down at his jumper and skinny jeans. He hated sleeping in clothes and he
Little did this stranger know Claire happened to be a runner in high school… Though, she doubted that he actually knew she was following him anyway, which definitely worked in her favour. She sped up her pace and soon was tackling the man to the ground and forcing his hands behind his back.
“Like I got shot in the chest.” He snickered, but then winced a bit. “You know how long I have to stay in here..?” He asked softly.
OH MY GOD MY FUCKING HAND HURTS AND I HAVE NO IDEA WHY. A LITTLE INVISIBLE GREMLIN IS STABBING ME WITH A LITTLE INVISIBLE PIN.
And John's heart shattered because she was right... no one did want to be with him. Claire felt like he was a chore, and right now that was the only friend he had. Zack gave up on trying to spend time with him because he would always turn him away, and when he didn’t turn him away he just sat there staring at the wall... and Sherlock fucking killed himself to get away from him.
He pursed his lips and slowly looked up at Sherlock, “You’ll take the guest bedroom.” He said dryly, because as much as he wanted to sleep with Sherlock, he honestly didn’t think his body could handle it.
Sherlock did in fact follow The Doctor and Donna trailed behind them. When they got to the TARDIS’ door The Doctor held it opened for Sherlock to step in first. He took a deep breath and slowly entered the TARDIS. He blinked rapidly and just took everything in. “How.. HOW is it doing that!!” He asked as he heard The Doctor step inside.
“Mm, why do you think?” Mycroft hummed and didn’t look up, he couldn’t look at his brother, not while he was like this.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and John looked like he was about to keel over and die from embarrassment, he also wasn’t doing anything to deny the fact that they didn’t actually have sex and John wanted to punch him. “You only say that because you know that if you were to set out and ‘seek it’ you would fail!” Sherlock said while still snickering. He plunged his finger in a jar of peanut butter and sucked it off and then smiled at John.
broke Sherlock! And the thought of Sherlock actually killing himself, when he had literally told last night that he had suicidal tendencies?? He was feeling horrible, and guilty, and the worst part of all of this was that Sherlock's confession from last night kept playing over and over and over again in his mind. He couldn’t stop it no matter how hard he wanted to. The clock ticked slowly on the wall and he just wanted this day to be over. He wanted to go to Sherlock and apologise because god, he was the biggest prick in the history of biggest pricks.
The Doctor just grinned. “2014 It is then!! Hold on tight, you two!” He thwacked the final lever and then they were off.
Mike sighed and shook his head, “right... because you’re always fine, yeah?” he bit his lip when John just glared daggers at him. “Just do me a favour...” He took a deep breath, “don’t... don’t get invested...”
“No you aren’t. How’s your shoulder? Let me take a look at it.” Sherlock reached forward to place a hand on the man’s shoulder, but he recoiled and Sherlock quickly brought his hand away. “Sorry…” He looked around awkwardly.
also i'm laughing because john basically does a cinderella story reference at the end and i didnt even notice that until now - future me speaking.
John kept the gun pointed on the man as he walked over to the mattress. He dropped down to his knees and lifted it up. Sure enough the letters were all under there. There were about fifteen piles of letters stacked together with a rubber band holding them in place. He frowned slightly, “You didn’t read them...”
sarjl ...... I just did a random keyboard mash and that mash reminds me of the word garlic so i'm keeping it.
John didn’t say a word, didn’t even acknowledge her, as she led him back to bed. It seemed as though he was finally broken. Just a shell of the man he once was, she thought he had been a shell before. Just a human on autopilot, but this… this was what John looked like as a broken man. Before he was at least living somewhat, now he was just empty.
John started to panic and tried to think of a way to get out of that without being a colossal dick. “No, Sherlock you really don’t have to do that… and when I say ‘really’ I mean you
Mycroft sighed, “Pity, I was hoping you would finish drinking that before you dropped it.” He sighed and went to clean up the mess. It was the last thing he saw before everything went black.
John knew he was messed up and he knew he had a problem. It kept him awake most nights in all honesty because the smell and taste of blood should not be something that he got off on, but he did. It wasn’t something anyone, but mental people got off on and that made him feel broken. Growing up was hard because he felt so lost with the things he felt and the things he wanted to do, but he couldn’t help feel this way. It was like an itch and it wouldn’t go away unless he gave into it, so he compromised... He only tortured and killed people that other people wanted dead, granted it wasn’t a good compromise, but it was a compromise nonetheless.
John sat there with two fingers inside of Sherlock waiting for him to say he could move again. Eventually he saw Sherlock nod slowly and he continued with two until he added three, but this time Sherlock didn’t wince and he didn’t groan out of pain so John assumed that he was alright and kept going.
Sherlock looked out the window as the DI drove to his house and then stopped. “I’ll call you if we need help with anything, Sherlock. Now get out of here and go be with John.” He smiled softly.
Sherlock flinched at her tone of voice. He knew he had messed up and he knew that there were consequences, “Why...” He whispered quietly, because honestly he thought that his and John’s pain were equivalent.
“I know. I loved it, my love. Thank you,” He looked up just as it started raining and John just started laughing. Sherlock blinked slightly because he didn’t really think his comment warranted laughing. “What..?”
John blinked rapidly, this had to be a trap… Mycroft was the one who got him into this mess. “He’s the one who tipped you, and now he’s letting me go?” He raised an eyebrow slightly.
“You know... They always said I was a brilliant actor.” He looked at John and smirked. “Perhaps I should go for a career in that instead of Detective work.”
John squeezed his eyes shut. It was just the wind and God dammit Sherlock was not about to stop him now. Not when he was so close to finally seeing him again!!
John wanted to push Sherlock away, he wanted to be cross with the fact that Sherlock was touching him. He couldn’t help it though, everything about this situation was ridiculous and he started giggling into Sherlock's neck as Sherlock held him. He couldn’t help it no matter how hard he tried and that was one of the things he loved most about Sherlock... Sherlock would literally do anything for him. Sherlock could make him laugh even when he thought it was impossible and John loved being with him. Hell, he loved being with him even when they weren’t talking. He continued to giggle as he held onto Sherlock tighter, all the sadness dripping away.
She was still blushing from the kiss, “Stop it! Or I’m going to fall in love with you and then all hope would be lost for all the remaining John's out in the world. You give regular men a bad name.”
“Whatever could you possibly ask me? You’ve already taken everything.” He says dryly and John thinks he can strangle him.
funny how dreams change, isn't is. Still love London to bits, and would love to live there, but going to school there wasn’t the right thing for me. So, no past me. you didn’t die. haha
Sherlock was a bit antsy today though because he hadn’t received a letter for two weeks... well one week and three days. It was just odd because he usually got his letters on Monday’s and it was already Thursday! He sat on the couch and paced as dread flooded through him. What if John had died! He talked about getting deployed in his last letter and that terrified Sherlock, but he managed to be strong on his side of the letter. Besides, he didn’t actually think John would get deployed that fast, and if he did the letter was probably late because he was getting set up with everything. Plus, now he would be farther away so it most likely took longer to mail.
Mycroft was silent for a long moment before he finally nodded and stepped inside, “Come in then... Kettle’s just boiled.”
“No, really! I am Sherlock Holmes! I’m not dressing up as anybody, but myself! Now I would like to know how cars work, please!” He hummed.
“It may have been just a guess, but my hell you were right,” John looked over at Sherlock and grinned. “I’m just… confused right now… but what about you?”
– actually no. We weren’t even fighting. You were the prick that destroyed me, telling me this relationship we have was all an experiment.” He hissed out and looked at Sherlock with a glare. “Doesn’t mean you need to be a prick about it all the time! Yes, I was going to tell them, but I obviously wasn’t ready! Thanks for throwing me into something I don’t want to do. And by the fucking way as soon as I woke up from my bloody coma I told you, so it wasn’t like I was keeping anything from you.” He snapped and then looked at his friends, “I’m joining the army and I leave exactly one week from today.” He said, deadpanned. He wasn’t happy about what Sherlock did because really… it wasn’t his fucking place. It may not have been as bad as outing someone for being gay, but still. It was something he needed to tell his friends and he was going to, he just needed time, but clearly Sherlock couldn’t even give that to him. As soon as the words to his friends were out of his mouth, he stood up and went to one of the toilets. He walked in and locked the door behind him. He wanted to lock the door to the whole loo, but unfortunately the bloody place didn’t have a door to begin with, just a curvy hallway for privacy. He didn’t plan on coming out until the bell rang, he could easily skip without missing anything in the class, what classes were going to give out assignments on the last day?
John was so drunk and all of his senses were heightened, he wanted it to last, but he was so close. John groaned at that and thrusted a few more times before coming inside of Sherlock, hard.
She knocked on the door, “John?” She called out. “Better get decent before I come in.” Claire tried at a joke, but it fell short. The key to his flat felt heavy in her hand, but she didn’t want to use it just yet. It felt like an invasion of privacy, especially knowing he had a girl over. Plus, if they were in the middle – or hadn’t started yet – John would hate her for ruining it for him.
"You're going the wrong way..." Sherlock whispered. Now was not the time to correct John, but if he really wanted to get home then he did in fact need to correct John. Because if he didn’t John would most certainly be even angrier at him when he found out Sherlock knew they were going the wrong way and didn’t say anything. Everything was so complicated right now he wanted to throw up.
our relationship isn’t going to be able to last if you don't tell me...” He whispered. “I’ve let you read all of my letters, those made me vulnerable and I could have just locked them away and not have ever let you read them, but I opened up to you and now you’re still shutting me out... You told me you were angry and resentful with me because I was lying about the letters, that you were pushing me away because I wasn’t being honest, but now you know that I
Sherlock snickered and then looked at John who had gone a very bright shade of red, “Oh, Cakeman… You’re just jealous that you can’t get any action,” He snickered more and this made John's face go even redder than it was previously. Of course, all they did was snog a bit until Sherlock had his little panic attack, but Sherlock didn’t mind letting Mycroft think what he wanted. The dirtier he thought, the better it was for Sherlock. He wanted to haunt that man’s memories every day until he died.
They went to the brother’s house next and Sherlock was able to retrieve the memory stick. It was mesmerising to John how Sherlock was playing this out exactly how he wanted it to. However, it hurt him at the same time.
He could feel his cousins and aunts giving him looks of pity, but he didn’t care! He just wanted his mother back!
Kevin smirked and snatched the money to see if it was real. When he finished inspecting it and was happy with the money Sherlock had given him, he threw the bag of cocaine at Sherlock and smiled, “have fun, Mate.”
“Nonsense! Just until you get back on your feet John. Come on! We can go right now.” He smiled happily and paid for the bill.
She rolled her eyes again, “Hmm, I don't know....” She smiled softly and watched as he laughed a bit. They continued to talk for what seemed like hours, they talked about anything and everything. John mostly talking about all the good things he remembered from Sherlock, he talked about his father and about Sherlock's father. And he really didn’t bring up the present, just reminiscing on the past.
Sherlock just chuckled. It was so like John to use vulgar language at a time like this. “Well, I can’t promise you anything, but I will try my hardest to stay alive forever and ever.” He smiled and pushed himself up a tad to kiss John sweetly.
“On the contrary. I am coming and I will walk home. I usually go for walks late at night anyway, it really isn’t a big deal, John.”
John smiled as he pulled away and sat on the chair next to Lily’s bedside. He was so cold and his whole entire body hurt, he thought it would get better the longer he was up and about, but it only seemed to get worse and worse as each second passed, “I missed you too.” He said softly.
“Of course you are…” John replied with a hint of sarcasm. “And what does being a ‘consulting detective’ consist of?”
John gave a small smile and a one shoulder shrug. “You make me forget things constantly. I love that about you.” He hummed happily.
“Dramatic....” Sherlock echoes and just blinks at John, “We had sex and you think I’m being dramatic?” He growls.
Donna smirked and looked at The Doctor. “Perhaps you landed your baby at the wrong place again.” She smirked. “Wouldn’t be the first time that’s happened. I’m starting to suspect you really don’t know how to fly it.”
Brian scoffed, “I’m not helping him. He’s a freak,” he grumbled as he kicked some of the books and papers farther across the room while he made his way towards the door. “Yeah, nice try, mate, but I’m gonna head home now.” He nudged on Zack and together the two of them and the rest of the team walked out of the room.
yesterday, but when he heard the door open and saw Cakeman standing in the doorway, covering his eyes with his hand, he realised that that was not the case. Really though, was almost dying and going through emotional turmoil not enough to miss school?
John gaped at the man. “Is there are way to save him?” he said, his voice wavering slightly. He clenched his jaw and looked down at his friend’s closed eyelids.
He could feel Sherlock’s heart racing against his chest whenever Sherlock kissed him and soon they were both panting against each other’s mouths, racing toward the finish.
The dark made it impossible to get a good look at anything, so when he heard the familiar loud whir of the approaching bot, he searched frantically in the dark to see how close the bot was. It sounded a lot closer than it was and John blamed the bot’s fan. Clearly Thomas Crawley, the old man that owned the junkyard, didn’t take as good care of his bot as he should. More proof of that was given as the bot rolled closer and John saw that the bot’s age-yellowed eye-lights were flickering instead of glowing a steady bright white.
John pulled away and kissed across Sherlock’s face to his ear. “Now that’s fucking kissing,” John whispered into the shell of Sherlock’s ear. “God,” John moaned as Sherlock’s belly rubbed against his growing erection. “Sherlock,” he panted, reluctantly. “We should stop.”
When John got home from school the next day, the first thing he did was head to his bedroom. He tossed his backpack on his bed, then went to the closet to drag out the android.
“I wouldn’t if you didn’t want me to,” John says, because Sherlock’s holding tight, but not so tight that John can’t breathe, can’t speak.
Peeved, he took a calming breath and buttoned his jacket, avoiding Sherlock’s obvious gaze as he fiddled about with the wrinkles.
“Hello Sherlock,” Mycroft said, stilling the pen on the pad of paper he’d been writing on. He looked up at Sherlock with a pinched humourless smile, observing the likely damage Sherlock had done to his bedroom wall. “How can I help you?”
“John,” Sherlock breathed, coming to a stop in front of John’s chair as if he’d been searching all over for him and was almost relieved to find him when John had been sitting in the same place pretty much all day.
John woke to something very rigid prodding into the small of his back. A blush burned his cheeks when he realized he was just as hard and pressing into the person in front of him. John’s heart skipped upon realizing that it was Sherlock in his arms, not Sherrinford.
Sherlock sighed heavily. “What is it, John?” he asked, turning over to face John. The bulge passing underneath the blanket as he did didn’t fail at catching John’s attention and John swallowed hard. It seemed he and Sherrinford weren't the only ones who'd been affected.
John quickens his step and barely spares a glance over his shoulder before slipping behind the bleachers and out the hidden door into the crisp, dark night.
John himself laughed as he eased out his fingers, causing Sherlock to frown at the loss of having John inside him. “You’ve lost your marbles, love.”
John smiled and cupped his hand around the android’s cheek as he leaned in. He pressed his lips softly to the android’s cupid’s bow lips. They were almost soft and cold to the touch. John laid back down facing the bot. “Goodnight, Sherlock,” he whispered.
The flat was quiet. No bouncing of a ball off the walls, no gunshots, no “John, I’m bored” groaned from the corner of the sofa. Sherlock’s violin sat untouched in the corner of the living room collecting dust.
John’s breath escaped him in a gust and he pushed his fingers back through the chain link fence to track the bot’s movements. He waited a whole three minutes before he finally decided it was safe to go. He slung his dirty black duffel bag over his shoulder and gripped the links of the fence to pull himself up and over. He landed on the other side with a muffled thump and took off at a run toward the nearest pile he wanted to search. He had only 27 minutes to dig until the bot’s next patrol, and 22 before he should head out.
When John got outside, the street was nearly empty and there was no Sherlock in sight. He groaned and reached into his pocket to dig out his phone when he saw a familiar figure disappearing around the corner to his right. John turned and took off after him.
John stared at her. “Umm… okay. Sure. I’ll just pretend that isn’t completely mad. Is this other me a doctor, too?”
“Picked this one up on Flaraxine” Rose said. “They just grow out of the ground there. Look,” she said, reaching forward and breaking off a piece. “It’s edible.” Rose popped the piece into her mouth, then got another piece and broke it in half to offer to Sherlock and John. Sherlock ignored her and leaned in close to the mirror to study his suddenly blue skin. His eyes flicked up to John as he saw him reaching for the edible glass and the yellow-y tint returned to his cheeks. Both The Doctor and Rose noticed this and they met each other’s gaze knowingly, both trying to conceal their matching smiles.
“I’m excited to see what Sherlock is going to show me,” John said, though that wasn’t just it. Sherrinford had been flirting with him pretty much all night and John was embarrassingly starting to get aroused by it. He couldn’t stop thinking about the fact that, if Sherlock wasn’t so closed off to emotions, he would be the same way.
John’s skin was jumping with anticipation as he let the android slump down onto the sofa. He couldn’t resist running his fingertips along the bot’s pearly cheekbones. With the shades drawn, the shadows in the room made the android’s cheeks look razor sharp.
A small smile came onto Sherlock’s face as he looked at John and it went unnoticed as John looked away to finish off his last bite of food. He swiped his mouth with a cloth napkin then turned to Sherlock. “Ready?”
Sherlock paused, likely trying to remember which one Greg was. “It’s nothing like that,” Sherlock finally said, following him into the kitchen.
“Must you always follow me?” Sherlock says, his voice cutting, sharp as the rocks digging into John’s skull. His voice is harsh, but that’s not what John pays attention to now. All his focus is on that single place of bare contact between him and Sherlock - his neck, where Sherlock’s fingers feel like ice wrapped around the column of his throat.
“Now that you’re awake, we can get started with your lessons,” he said. He stood up and tugged the flashlight off the side of his head, then walked over to the table in front of the one he’d just been sitting at. He started to clear off the top. “This can be your workspace. I’ve more than enough tools for the both of us.”
Sherlock glanced over and watched as John and Rose walked away, then he returned his gaze to the TARDIS’s control panel. A burst of red spread from Sherlock’s temples as he studied the curious buttons and cranks and within moments, he was almost completely the colour of a cherry.
From in Sherlock’s bedroom, John could hear Sherlock's phone chime, but he was busy staring at the side of his friend's face to really comprehend it.
John leaned forward and looked at the androids brow ridge where the crack had been, but it was no longer there. “If it can repair itself, why is it still silver then?”
They stayed in the ship until the sunlight no longer shone through the slats along the roof and the only source of lighting came from the single bulb on the ceiling. It gave off a dim yellow glow just bright enough to read by.
“And…” Sherlock said, watching his face closely. “You don’t know how to deal with it, because they’re both interested in you, too.”
“I could use a bite, yeah,” John said. “Got to eat when I can; sometimes he forgets that I need feeding.”
Hearing this, Rose hopped off the metal bar she was sat on and walked over to them. She put her hands on John’s arms and smiled. “It was nice to meet you, John,” she said, before pulling him into a quick hug. “Maybe consider doing that thing we talked about?” she said under her breath, tilting her head toward Sherlock and raising her eyebrows suggestively.
Sherlock decided he should probably get some sleep, too, in preparation for the following day. He quickly changed from his black trousers and white button-up into a big, soft white t-shirt and kept on his black pants. He fell asleep almost instantly and was awoken the next morning by Sherrinford shaking him awake.
John paused his hand. He pulled away the cup that had just barely grazed his lips and looked down into the dark brown liquid.
“We really aren’t,” Sherrinford said. “Sherlock enjoys showing off. That’s the frailty of genius: it needs an audience.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but John smiled in amusement. He unlatched the gate to reach them. “I was actually going to text you when I got home to see if you guys were free today,” he admitted.
Sherlock’s hold falters slightly and then his grip is gone, leaving just Sherlock’s skin against John’s, like he can’t bring himself to move away completely.
John’s tired legs pumped as he raced blindly through the maze of junk piles and cars in various stages of decay toward the fence, his torch's beam bouncing wildly. The fence was just in his sight when he heard the sound of the dogs growling. John heaved the robot higher up into his arms before propelling it over the fence. It landed with a loud thump on the ground, but John had no time to worry about the damage he might have done as he jumped and latched onto the fence, taking the torch from his mouth and tossing it over the fence after the bot.
Sherlock chuckled. "The only thing worse than me complaining about being cold is you complaining about it," he said. He pressed the scarf into John's chest and John dutifully accepted it. He wrapped it around his neck and quickly followed Sherlock down the stairs and outside. The cold weather chilled John's face the moment he stepped out the door.
“Repairing the damage,” he murmured. There was a clicking sound, then the purple wire started to glow. Sherlock looked up at John with a grin. It was an unexpected peek of the Sherrinford inside Sherlock he tried so hard to conceal. “The wire must have been knocked loose when it received a blow to its head.”
The android’s eyes glowed brighter for a moment and then dimmed. “Did. He did have a tracker on me. It appears Mycroft had it removed, as well as part of my memory. I can’t recall Sherlock’s address, nor phone number. No matter. If Sherlock is looking for me, he will find me.”
John was fascinated by the android’s previous owner, as well as the android itself. He couldn’t get over how well done the work on the bot was. Its movements were only slightly mechanical, only noticeable if you were watching intently, and it was perfectly capable of holding conversation. John found himself forgetting sometimes that he was talking to something that wasn’t even human.
Sherlock began dragging the android toward the door and John interceded once again. “What are you talking about? I didn’t do anything to him!”
Like ash from a destructive volcano, dust blanketed every surface, smothering everything in its wake with layers of its fine, choking grey. The dust dulled the silver surfaces and it swirled in the long-abandoned room, disturbed, and it filled each breath he pulled into his small lungs, suffocating him.
Sherlock hesitated, finally feeling what John had been feeling all night. Seeing him in this state seemed to leech all the nerves from John’s body, replacing it with a need to take care of Sherlock’s needs.
“Where do you keep the androids?” Sherlock asked from a distance, catching the man unaware. He slipped his feet off the desk and placed the magazine over his lap.
With a satisfied smirk, Sherlock turned away from the fence and brushed past the old man on his way to find who made off with his android.
“So you, what, travel through time with him?” John asked, his eyebrows trying to reach his hairline.
Sherlock threw the liquid back and grimaced. It tasted like pepper. He sneezed almost as soon as the liquid was down, then again, and one more time.
Sherlock gaped at the android. “The speed of its speech has returned to factory settings and it appears to be forming its own opinions again...” Sherlock murmured. “The camouflage interface has been damaged.”
He pulled his arm out from beneath Sherlock and shifted awkwardly between Sherlock and Sherrinford until he was on his back. He glanced over at Sherrinford and saw that his eyes were still closed. “You made him... fully functional?”
John glanced over at Sherlock, who was currently crouching on the ground and poking at a banana peel with a pair of tweezers. “Um… no.”
There were bottles of lube filled with liquids every flavour and colour of the rainbow. John stared in disbelief at the sheer amount of them before his curiosity got the best of him. He glanced toward the door to make sure Sherlock hadn't gotten impatient and come in search of his phone before he reached out and picked one of the bottles up. A green apple-flavoured one, as the bright green colour suggested.
The movie quickly passed without John’s notice and the credits soon began to roll. John leaned forward and switched the empty popcorn bowl for the remote and sat back down to shut off the telly. Sherrinford’s hand immediately returned to rest on his thigh and John swallowed.
He had been comfortable with the denial; he’d drowned himself in it happily. But now, lightly touching the stone marking his best friend’s grave, his head bobbed out of the water and he gasped for air. This was really happening.
He wondered what Sherlock might think of the black headstone. John thought it was quite fitting, actually. It somehow managed to portray the mysterious, beautiful dead man whose body lay 6 feet under John’s feet.
“What’d you do that for?” John asked as Sherlock moved past him and carried Sherrinford back to his chair.
A candle never failed to be put down on top of their table whenever they went to Angelo’s. At first, it had annoyed him, because no one had listened when he'd said he wasn't Sherlock's date, but now he found that it annoyed him for a whole different reason: it annoyed him because he wasn't Sherlock's date. John stared at the dancing flame as he spun noodles around and around his fork and shoved them into his mouth.
John’s house was quiet when they got there. Sherlock and Sherrinford followed him to his bedroom and he felt them watching as he sifted through his clothes to retrieve pyjamas and an outfit for the following day. Normally he slept in nothing or his pants, so it took him awhile to find his blue striped pyjama bottoms.
The flashing lights and police tape at the crime scene come into view soon after and the event slips from John’s mind like a balloon from a child’s fingers.
The compliment had put John in a good mood and he chuckled to himself as he stood. They buttoned up their suit jackets and, with a wave from John to the staff, they headed for the door.
“Don’t. You didn’t know her and you could care less. You’re more of a machine than your android," John said, with a look of disappointment on his face. "Take him and go.”
“Wait, sorry. What? Banana pudding?” John frowned in confusion, obviously missing their line of thought. It certainly wasn’t the first time that he was the last to understand what was happening.
As they walked, his flatmate filled him in on the case. He did his best to pay attention, but John quickly came to understand what Sherlock had meant earlier about distractions. The warm, slightly spicy scent of Sherlock's cologne filled John's nose each time he inhaled and he soon found himself breathing faster just to take in more of it. He’d smelled the cologne, but never up close like this so he could smell every little nuance.
John felt Sherlock coming undone against him and opened his eyes to see Sherlock’s were closed. He slipped his fingers into Sherlock’s hair and kissed him, remembering when things were simple, when he could kiss Sherlock like this under a beating sun with not a care in the world.
“Yeah,” John nodded, feeling like he'd been rejected. He leaned in and gave Sherrinford a soft kiss. “See you.”
“If you had just listened, Sherlock, I wouldn’t have had to do it,” he heard Mycroft say just before Sherlock grabbed the door handle and slammed the door shut as loud as he could, barely catching a glimpse of his brother's fallen expression as the door swung closed.
John wasn’t entirely sure how Sherlock had deduced that the murderer was going to watch this movie. Did murderers even watch romances? At the moment, there was a man trying to keep his girlfriend from leaving him after she’d caught him cheating on her. John rolled his eyes at the predictability of it all, but Sherlock seemed intrigued when the man surged forward and began to kiss her. As John predicted, the woman jerked away and took her bags with her on the way out the door; the only good part of the movie so far.
The bot rolled to a stop less than 5 feet away from where John was crouched. His legs were tired from rugby practice earlier that day and they ached as he stayed still in the crouched position watching the bot turn and begin to roll in his direction. He found it not fair that the Old Man Crawley got to have a bot and he didn’t. He had wanted one since he was a kid and knew he would take a lot better care of it than the cranky old man.
The android’s lights glowed brighter in the way John had come to realize meant that it was thinking and then it made the buzzing hum sound again. “It would appear that some damage may have been caused in that region.”
Sherlock sought refuge in the only place no one else could go (or even fit if they tried) - his pirate ship. He closed the wooden door and threw the lock (his own personal addition to his father’s creation) before immediately sinking against the door’s support and burying his face in his knees.
The thought made John’s legs feel weak and he stepped toward the stone. There was a lump in his throat and he struggled to take a breath as he reached out to touch it, to feel that it was, in fact, there. It was cold to the touch. Cold like Sherlock must be tucked away in the Earth with nothing but a coffin and silk lining to keep him warm.
Sherlock’s eyes widened. “What have you done to it?” Sherlock said. He shoved past John and hurried the rest of the way to John’s room. He glanced quickly around the small room before going for the closet. He threw the door open and gasped when he saw the android curled up on the floor inside. He turned eyes that could melt metal on John. “What did you do?” he roared.
John stared in awe at the room, his breath caught in his throat, until Sherlock lightly touched the back of his hand.
His eyes are drawn to him immediately. Across a crowded room, dimmed and coloured by the beams of crossing purple and green lights, he sits, and John’s eyes gravitate to him the moment he’s through the door.
Sherlock, on the other hand, sat with his elbows resting on both armrests and his hands folded over his flat belly. He was watching the big screen in front of them, because, as he said, they couldn’t both watch the door.
Another sigh and he heard his mother’s footsteps shuffle closer. He felt a thump against the door and could hear her sliding down to sit, leaning against the door opposite him. “What’s wrong, my boy?”
The longer the conversation went on, the sadder John began to feel, so he decided to change the subject completely. He turned to Sherlock. “You said there was something you wanted to show me that you thought I might like?”
John’s cheeks warmed and he caught Sherlock’s ears turning a bit pink. “Alright. Now that we’ve got that settled, I think I should really get some sleep.”
John’s frowned worriedly and crossed the room to perch on the table beside them. “Very good, thanks,” he answered, peering into the open plate at the back of Sherrinford’s head. “Um… what are you doing?” he asked Sherlock when he prodded at a purple wire.
“Yeah, but for some reason, they rarely turn orange,” he said, shaking the screwdriver and tapping the tip. “I like orange.”
John giggled. “Right here?” he asked, brushing his thumb over the smooth surface of the android’s pearly cheek.
They walked hand-in-hand the rest of the way home, John clasping onto Sherlock like he just might float away if he were to let go. Once they reached 221, John held the door open for Sherlock and followed closed behind him up the stairs. He stopped the taller man outside of the door to their flat with a hand on his sleeve.
“So,” John started, turning to the fridge and pulling it open to reach for the Prego. “Have you got a case on?” he asked, then he stared into the fridge as he waited for Sherlock to answer until he realized he wasn’t seeing the jar of spaghetti sauce anywhere, which only brought the frown back to his face.
Sherlock stilled instantly and drew back. “Yes,” he said, his voice rough. “That was certainly enough information.”
There was something very disconcerting about the way Sherlock watched the movie so attentively. John had to keep forcing his gaze from his flatmate’s face, illuminated by the fluorescent blue of the screen. He hadn’t realized he’d begun to absently lick the butter off his fingers until he glanced over at Sherlock and found him watching him like he had been the movie.
Sherlock didn’t say anything. He just blinked and moved closer to John until their noses bumped together. His breath was warm against John’s mouth for what felt like an eternity before he covered the hair's breadth between them. “You said I could kiss you once you had some sleep. Is that still alright?” he asked, his soft lips brushing against John’s as he spoke. “Experimental purposes?”
He took the stairs two at a time to his room and went to his wardrobe to frown at the confines. His eyes settled on the suit a girlfriend had bought him before he’d gone to Afghanistan and he hesitated a moment before taking it out. He held it up in front of himself as he looked in the mirror. He’d never worn the suit before, never really had the opportunity, but now seemed as good a time as any. It wasn’t really something he would normally wear, but if he was going to stand beside Sherlock looking like that, then he would damn well look good, too.
“Hello, John,” the android said from where he was on the table. He was laying front down on the metal table and the back of his head was open. He turned his head to rest it on his other arm, much to Sherlock's annoyance. “Did you sleep well?”
“I’m kidding. Of course I do. Well, I mean, I’d like to take you out on a date first, but yeah,” John smiled warmly.
"Well, for one thing it's too small," Sherlock said, tugging on a sleeve of the oatmeal jumper with a frown. The short sleeves stopped about an inch above Sherlock's wrists. "And it smells like you."
“You’re tired,” Sherlock said behind him. John turned from gaping through the sitting room archway and found Sherlock watching him with a small smile turning up one corner of his mouth. “Let me show you to my room.”
“But why?” John asked, looking over at Sherlock. “Why, of all people, would you want to be around me?”
“That suit,” Sherlock said after a long stretch of quiet, still facing out the window. “It looks nice on you.”
Sherlock’s brow furrowed, but it went unseen as John stared at Sherlock’s hand. It barely grazed John’s coat before it retreated. Sherlock was holding a piece of popcorn between his long, elegant fingers when he pulled his hand back. John’s eyes widened when he realized his mistake and his ears burned. Sherlock flicked the piece of popcorn onto the floor, but he was wearing a small, amused smile by the time John looked up at him; a carefully chosen mask.
John sat back then and pushed Sherlock’s legs farther apart to find his entrance again. He reached for the lube again and coated the fingers of his good hand with it. They were both virgins at the moment, Sherlock never having had sex and John never having done it this way, so John was gentle as he eased his finger inside.
Sherlock surged forward and pressed his lips hard against John’s. His lips caught the side of John’s mouth and he realigned, covering John’s lips with his. Sherlock pressed long, thoughtful kisses to John’s lips over and over, each time for longer than the last, until John caught Sherlock’s bottom lip between his teeth and slid his tongue into Sherlock’s parted mouth.
“Shh,” Sherlock whispered in his ear, his breath warm in the crisp autumn air. His body curved around John’s back and John blushed upon realizing he fit neatly underneath Sherlock’s chin. Like puzzle pieces, they locked together perfectly.
“Hmm?” Sherlock said, fauxing innocence. He slammed the book in his hands closed and pushed it back among the rest.
“Who are you guys?” John asked as they hoisted Sherlock up between them, each of Sherlock’s arms draped over his and the other man’s shoulders and their arms around Sherlock’s back. He was like a dead weight between them.
Today was the first day since that Sherlock hadn’t gone near his computer. Instead, Sherlock had been in his bedroom and not come out until now. Whatever this experiment of his was, it had kept him mostly quiet for the past three days, and if by agreeing John could keep Sherlock from catching the kitchen on fire again, then he would. For his sanity and no other reason, he told himself. Sherlock’s almost shy expression had nothing to do with it.
John was crossing the field after another arduous day of rugby practice with some of his mates when he spotted two familiar matching figures standing on the other side of the surrounding fence. His heated skin flushed even hotter and he quickly dismissed himself from his group of friends to walk over to them.
“You’re kidding me! God, this would make things so much easier. Sherlock’s such a picky eater sometimes. One day he’ll claim to hate chilli, then he’ll be boiling some over the stovetop the next. Where’d you get it?”
“Do you want… do you want me to power him on?” Sherlock asked, looking down at John. His pupils were beautifully wide and his cheeks were flushed.
He slowly eased inside of Sherlock, watching Sherlock’s face as he winced and held his breath. John didn’t stop until he was buried inside of him.
John froze up as Sherlock held him close. Sherlock was so warm and John wanted nothing more than to press himself back against him to soak up his heat, but he knew what that would look like to onlookers: like they were cuddling up somewhere, getting each off in an alley or something. Sherlock’s coat would be perfect for it.
His cheeks started to burn as Sherrinford pressed his lips to John’s neck and he glanced sideways at Sherlock who seemed not to have noticed yet. Soon Sherrinford was nuzzling behind John’s ear and he bit his bottom lip when Sherrinford opened his damp mouth against John’s neck and began to tease his tongue across John’s skin.
It was awkward at first. There were too many limbs, no one knew where to be, and Sherrinford couldn’t seem to stop going back to John’s mouth. But then John shifted slightly and Sherrinford’s cock aligned behind him again and his own erection lined up with Sherlock’s, and suddenly they fit. Sherrinford’s hands ran back and forth over John’s chest and he kissed him while Sherlock held onto his hips to experimentally thrust himself against John.
“What are you going to do with him?” John asked, looking at the Blabbersnog. He was still partially in his human disguise, but his arms were tentacles and he had fins like sunrays surrounding his head. The Doctor had him in a temporary cage that had colourful, shimmering bars John suspected might hurt if one touched them.
, John’s racing thoughts warned. Instinctively, John flinched his face away from Sherlock’s hand before Sherlock could cup his cheek.
Sherlock didn’t bother looking at the bag, because he knew exactly what was inside. He seethed at his brother, barely keeping himself from lunging across the desk and throttling him. “You can’t do this, Mycroft! Give. It. Back!”
“Doctor, what is it?” Rose said, going to stand beside The Doctor and look at what he was looking at. It was a book titled ‘Famed Criminals of Dodalo’. John couldn’t help but notice how nicely The Doctor and Rose seemed to slot together as they looked down at the book, how The Doctor curved around her shoulder like it was a frequent thing for them to be so close.
Sherlock sighed heavily. “The metal that makes up this android has abilities similar to that of a chameleon or a cuttlefish where it can mimic the colors around it to fit in or, rather, disappear. I wanted to give it the ability to mimic whatever shape I chose, so I could make it look like whomever I wanted, but Mycroft threatened to tell Mummy and have my funds denied to me.” Sherlock huffed. “The android is supposed to share my exact coloring.”
“Had sex with it?” Sherlock asked, glancing over his shoulder at John. “Yes.” He said it as if it was perfectly normal.
Finding nothing of interest but a nice lamp that was mostly unscathed in the first pile that he would give to Harry to replace her broken one, John moved onto the next [ile, and then the next upon seeing nothing interesting in the second. He was about to write off this trip as a waste of time when the torch's light glinted off shiny metal at the bottom of the third pile. He dropped into a crouch that made his legs throb and reached for the metal.
Upon first glance, the metal looked like it was just a thick pipe, but John knew better. He held his breath as he tugged on the metal leg. He knew not to get his hopes up; it wasn’t rare for him to come across random pieces of broken robots, but the leg didn’t budge. Heart racing, John began to push the junk surrounding the robot leg out of the way. His digging revealed a hip that was attached to a torso. He wrapped his arms around the middle of the bot and gave it a hearty pull.
He’s not sure why, but John’s heart falls a little bit at that. At least the question had sounded interesting, and he’d seen many instances of trauma like that before. He was almost certain that he’d be able to provide an accurate assessment if he’d just been given more information. He reviews some of the other problems posed by the users that are still in the room, but doesn’t particularly feel the need to give his input. With a frown, he brings the cursor up to close out the window when a personal chat box pops up on the left hand side of his screen.
“Ah,” John chuckles, coaxing him out of yet another reverie as he takes a sip of his soju and appraises the flavor, settling on a shrug before meeting Sherlock’s gaze. “
“Ah,” John said, ducked his head and then grinned, turning the full force of his smile on Sherlock. “Well, good.”
“Well, yes,” John concedes. This is all still so new to him, so fresh. It’s like the packaging is still on their relationship. He still gets a thrill down his spine every time Sherlock decides to kiss him, he’s still caught completely off guard by the strength of the orgasms Sherlock wrings out of him, he still stares in wonder at Sherlock asleep, wondering how this all came to be, this incredible, incandescent love. “But if not for the bed, then what?”
The room is slowly filling but the speaker doesn’t appear to be present, so John checks his email. He’s not sure why he’s not surprised, not sure why he breathes a sigh of relief when he sees that there is one from Guest.
Sherlock’s chin falls forward and he fights to swallow as the roaring in his ears becomes nearly deafening.
“Consulting detective,” Sherlock corrects, poking at his ginger. “Only one in the world. When the police are out of their depth–which is always–they come to me.”
,” Sherlock said with a smile, passing through to the kitchen. “Keeps an ever-watchful eye over the entire flat.”
and made glancing contact with John’s parka. It was stunning, the way John started, his face jumping from passive to delighted and engaged in seconds. “Oi, well done, Sherlock Holmes!” The others he was standing with turned in Sherlock’s direction and gave him applause, to which Sherlock silently inclined his head in thanks.
Sherlock watched as John shrugged into his jeans and then glanced down at the bed once more, longingly. “I hope when this is all over...” John began and stopped short, and then stood straight, composing himself.
They fell into a companionable silence, both of them perched on the gurney, and didn’t speak again until a doctor sauntered over, removing her gloves as she did so. “Holmes, you know this man, Watson.” Her voice was thick and brusque, her composure lending to her appearance of efficiency. “I’m Doctor Suslova, I treated him.”
The kiss slowed and petered out naturally, John peppering three kisses to Sherlock’s chin before leaning back and opening his eyes. Sherlock gazed down at him, pupils blown wide with arousal, and smiled.
Moriarty was a dot at the top of the hill, in sight of the spectators and closing in on Sherlock’s time. Sherlock took a deep breath, and then held the air in his lungs as his gaze flicked almost instantaneously to the body crossing the finish line and the clock.
“Here,” Sherlock says without preamble and thrusts out a twenty pound note, his elbow just brushing John’s shoulder.
“John--” Sherlock slurred, peeled his eyes open and struggled up onto his elbows, feeling drugged by lethargy.
While the tub was filling he stripped and collected two large bottles of water from the minifridge, intending to get a jump on his hydration while relaxing. He didn’t have any oil or bubble bath so he poured a bit of his expensive shampoo beneath the running water and watched as it foamed up pleasantly. Snatching up his mobile from the bedroom, he stripped down and climbed into the pleasantly scalding water.
the message reads and Sherlock finds himself falling back onto his bed in a fit of delight. Half-heartedly he rebukes himself to no avail, as a smile slides up onto his face. There’s no point in trying to halt the flood of emotions that chatting with John evokes in him.
“‘Course,” John’s hands settle on his stomach before thinking better of it; his left hand reaches over to clasp Sherlock, high up on his thigh. “You ‘right?”
Despite the late hour, John is wide awake and cannot find something to occupy his mind. He has read the few books he has on hand, and aside from his medical tomes he’d retrieved from Harry when collecting his meager belongings, there’s nothing else to peruse. John doesn’t have a television, though he supposes he could use his computer to load one of those instant-film websites he’s heard about.
“No. Comment.” Sherlock glares at the man, leaning in to snarl the words into his face.. That would give the media all that they would need for a day or two, and he was glad. Not that he didn’t enjoy speaking about his time spent outsmarting Jim Moriarty, but he was getting rather tired of it. He’d much rather talk of his own accomplishments.
Sherlock’s brows jump at that, and his eyes take on a new sparkle. It’s… quite something. “Yes, you know him?”
It’s taken Sherlock some time to understand those idiosyncrasies, those seemingly insignificant little details. But they’re important; he understands now, after knowing John, that the way someone laughs, the tone and the volume, it matters.
Moran’s jaw set a bit more tightly and Sherlock continued on before Moran could think about their situation or gather any of his thoughts together.
John’s tongue touches his upper lip for a moment and he’s completely still, taking a breath, allowing himself a moment to acknowledge that all of this will firmly be in the “before Sherlock and I made love” portion of his life. He watches Sherlock–-pink cheeked and adorably ruffled—watch him.
A little clamor of something stirred in Sherlock’s gut and he aimed for nonchalant when he asked, “You were watching me?”
Sherlock picked through the kitchen and living area, but found nothing of interest. The rooms were nearly spartan in their neatness and Sherlock couldn’t help but wonder who’d imposed that rule. John appeared a moment later from around back where Sherlock assumed the bedrooms were and gave him a short nod.
He runs his thumbs along the side of his mobile and attempts to begin again, but the dog hops up and rests his snout on Sherlock’s thigh. He drops a hand to Redbeard’s head and pets him briefly before scratching behind the ears.
“I’d heard that, yeah. Hopefully that doesn’t mean more work for me.” John walked cautiously beside Sherlock, matching his slower pace.
Redbeard bumps his nose into Sherlock’s knee and Sherlock glances down, muttering, “I’ve never…understood this.”
John places an open-mouthed kiss at the base of Sherlock’s neck and then steps out of the shower, “I’ll get you your fancy-arse hair products,” he says and when he turns back with them in hand, Sherlock’s eyes are closed and he’s slumped against the wall.
John snickered and then ran into the kitchen naked while Sherlock sobbed even harder. When he came back he was still crying about his trousers, speaking to the space John used to be like he hadn’t even left. John pulled out a pair a scissors and snapped them opened and closed a couple of times, getting a bit too close to Sherlock's nose at one point, “Look what I have!!” he giggled and then knelt down, grabbing at Sherlock's trousers.
“Afghanistan... And how did you know that?” He smirked even though he most definitely knew and he would get to hear the deduction process in action. He was thrumming in anticipation, but just as Sherlock opened his mouth to speak Molly walked in. John wanted to growl, but instead he just clenched his hand against his cane a bit tighter.
"’You'll know...’ The fairy whispered again and coughed. ‘Goodbye, River.’ She said softly and then passed away.“ Sherlock gasped as a random bolt of pain ran through his body. He placed his hand over John's and just breathed for a moment. He could finish the story, he had to. He would not leave John like this. He looked up at John with glazed over eyes and continued once again.
Mike grabbed his arm once they got to the top of the stairs and John turned around a punched him in the face. He groaned and shook it off, “I deserved that, but John... you didn’t find out who he sent to save him.”
“Really, Sherlock? You picked a defect.” He rolled his eyes slightly and watched as John quickly tore his eyes away, “Tell me John, did you lose brain cells for every time your father beat you? I’ve met your father, you know, he’s a lovely man and I’m sure that every beating he gave you was well deserved so basically you did that to yourself.” He drawled. “Hell, if you were my kid I would beat you too. The man’s basically a saint for putting up with you.”
John stared at Sherlock and just blinked for a good thirty seconds. His boyfriend?? What the fuck. Clearly he hadn’t heard Sherlock correctly. He jutted his jaw forward and tilted his head a bit, “I’m sorry?” He said in a clipped tone.
Though, it seemed he didn’t need to because Sherlock knew what he wanted to ask, Sherlock always seemed to know what he wanted to ask without having to voice it. “They found me before it was too late... I didn’t wake up for two days and once I did they took me to a rehabilitation centre – it obviously didn’t work, but they tried... and I stopped trying to kill myself so I suppose they did accomplish something.” He took a deep breath, “Still... I have those thoughts sometimes... even still, and I know I shouldn’t because I have you, but… it’s not the same. We both know that.”
! Of course it lasted eight months! That’s how long I needed to do the experiment for! And thank god for that! Any longer and I would have killed myself. You really are a hard person to live with, John. No wonder your father beat you.”
The worst part about it was that Brian was smart. He acted like the sweetest guy when Sherlock was around, but the second Sherlock was gone, or even just left the room, he would turn cold and evil. John realised evil was a strong word, but he didn’t know what else to call it! He honestly couldn’t believe him and Brian used to be extremely close, to the point where John thought they were best friends. Sherlock and John would be in the middle of snogging heatedly, while stripping their clothes. They would get down to just their pants and finally,
The person that grabbed him laughed as he picked John up when he tried to wiggle away, “Not going to happen.” He hummed.
Sherlock swallowed and just laid there as he watched Brian get to work. Brian rolled up his sleeve and with gentle hands put the blue band around his arm and tied it tight. He hadn’t really said yes to them, but he was too weak to turn them down. Anything that could help him get his mind off John was something he would welcome.
my dad's name is Bill and he is seriously one of a kind. Me and my friends all say that we want to marry a "Bill" when we get married because he is literally the perfect guy. You're probably thinking that's weird because he's like my dad... but growing up with a Bill i honestly dont think i could settle any less..... my parents rarely fight and when they do he brings her home goofy cards and roses....
He nodded slowly and sighed, "Maybe another day... I don't think I can handle it at the moment and it wouldn’t help anyone if I broke down in front of John."
“Come on... let’s get you back to bed...” She said quietly as she helped him up. She didn’t care if it was already morning. John needed to rest.
Mike winced and swallowed. He slowly put down the crowbar he had been holding and gave John a sheepish smile, "Sorry... Thought it was an intruder. Um, what are you doing here...?"
John hummed. “No, I’m fine. I really should get going though, someone’s expecting me. And they told me not to be late…” He whispered loudly, like he was trying to whisper quietly, but was failing miserably. He took a step, but stumbled, “oh… my body feels funny…” He frowned slightly, reaching out to grab something to hold onto, but there was nothing there so he just started falling forward.
you to tell people earlier, but you weren’t ready and I accepted that.” He said softly and used his free hand to run his fingers through John's hair.
John just laughed hysterically. “You can’t do that! You’re barely even home! I don’t really think you have any authority over this house hold. I’m not leaving Sherlock and nothing that you threaten me with will make me leave! So you can SHOVE IT UP YOUR FUCKING ARSEHOLE AND GET THE HELL OUT OF THIS HOUSE!!” It was silly really because this wasn’t even John’s house, but he considered Lily and Mycroft and Sherlock part of his family… He wasn’t going to let this pig of a man push them around. Not to mention he was fuming with anger, he didn’t have the best of judgement right now. Sigar, however had other plans, he stood up and grabbed a rather sharp dinner knife.
“I would love to meet your father!” He smiled softly. “I want to know everything about you, and besides… He can’t be worse than my father.” John said quietly as he swallowed down the emotion that threatened to make its way up his throat.
John slowly stood up and grabbed his bag; he slung it around his shoulder, nodded at Zack, and then left the house. He wasn’t going to go to school today... he figured one day of missing wouldn’t make him fail and none of his classes were doing anything anyway. John walked aimlessly around for hours because he didn’t know where he was going. School was out by now and John needed to find somewhere safe before it got dark. Somewhere he could sleep because he was exhausted from all the walking, and everything else. The part he wandered in could be considered a scary place at night and he felt like he was being followed. Well... He didn’t feel like it because he knew he was being followed, but truthfully he didn’t care. He wanted to die anyway, just refused to let Sherlock win. If he got murdered he figured it would be a win, win. He would die, and the murder would find sexual gratification in killing him – or whatever murders felt these days. Sherlock would know. Christ, Sherlock this, Sherlock that… Give it a rest already.
John swallowed a bit, “Because I wanted to see you...” He took a breath before continuing. “God, you look – well, you look amazing... You actually grew into your features and don’t look like such a child anymore.” He smirked slightly. “Not that you didn’t look amazing before, but growing up definitely suited you.”
Brian smiled sadly, “I got these because you obviously need something to cheer you up... I’ve never done them, but I don’t play rugby anymore so I figure its okay... I’ll do it with you and we can have sex... or not, but I hear that when you’re high sex is like magic...” He trailed off and started to lift up Sherlock's sleeve.
A week later John was sitting at the rugby lunch table. Things had been pretty mellow ever since John had beaten up Sherlock. Sherlock would continue to sit at his tree and John would continue to sit with his team mates and that was that. Today was a bit different though, Brian was being shifty and he kept glancing over at the tree. John would have said something, but he just wasn’t ready to come out and if he backed Sherlock up that would raise suspicion, which would most likely cause another fight. He sighed and picked at his salad, trying his best to ignore the whole situation.
Zack opened the door and frowned when he saw John. He tilted his head and was about to say something because honestly John looked like shit, but before he could even get anything out John had cut him off.
He realised now that he wasn’t the only one who suffered and he had no idea why he didn’t realise that until now... He supposed he was just being selfish, or maybe he supposed it had been easier for Sherlock because he knew the outcome of John, but that wasn’t right. If John had gotten news that Sherlock had died he would have acted the same way, perhaps not knowing was better… Perhaps, John was the one who got off easily.
“Now wait just a minute! You’re going to tell me what Sherlock did and then I will tell you if it is a good idea to go back to him, alright?”
“I’m quite sure I could. I spent three years without you and I will gladly spend the rest of my life without you there! I don't need you! In fact you slow me down quite a bit. These feelings are tedious. The faster you’re out of my life the better.” He growls back, but his heart was breaking. ‘Stay... please... just please...
John’s lips twitched slightly and he swallowed back his emotions. He nodded slowly and grabbed his hand, “Of course I’ll marry you, you git.” He said fondly, “And of course out of all the ways to propose you do it in the back of a cab on a whim.” He chuckled softly.
John pulled away and smiled some, “now, we have two options. Number one would be to go home and number two would be to go to class.” He whispered and brushed his nose against Sherlock's.
Sherlock thrashed and the officer just picked him up. He was very big and Sherlock was a twig. John sighed and was guided out after Sherlock, he didn’t fight against the man so he got to walk. However, he watched as the officer practically threw Sherlock on the ground once they passed the police tape. He ran to him and put a hand on his shoulder. “You okay..?” He whispered.
“Fine… but remember this is a shot in the dark and I really don’t want you to be mad. And I don’t want to jeopardise our friendship because I seem to have grown atta—“
John stood there happily and looked at Sherlock. God, he was something else, “So... How did you find this place?” He wanted to talk to him, get to know his weaknesses.
“John! No! This is why I didn’t want to tell you! I knew you would overreact.” Sherlock huffed, he didn’t even care that John had thrown his bag everywhere, he had more where that came from anyway, and he certainly wasn’t going to show John his arm.
They stayed like that for a long time before finally John yawned. It was pretty late and he was tired. He pulled away slowly and looked at Sherlock. “There. Now I’m going to go sleep. You can take the bed… I’ll grab the floor.”
John's eyes snapped open and he gasped, “Sherlock! I had the worst dream! You said that—“ He stopped abruptly when he realised it was Zack waking him up and not Sherlock.
John smirked and stepped forward, “See the thing is... you people like to be dramatic. You like to stick your nose where it doesn’t belong and you like to mess with other people’s business when really you should have stayed out of it.” He growled.
John hissed and grabbed him at his lapels, but before he could do anything else he just broke into sobs and pressed his head into Sherlock's chest. "How could you do something like this!
trying, he really was, but John obviously didn’t see it like that – in John’s defence though, he hadn’t seen the Sherlock before he came back. His brain swirled around as it thought of many outcomes, but then Sherlock's eyes widened at the very possibility that John wasn’t going to come back unless it was to get his things. Sherlock’s hand slowly reached up and wrapped around John’s dog tags, he couldn’t have that happen! Of course he wasn’t going to force John to stay... if John truly didn’t want to stay then he would let him go because all he wanted in life was for John to be happy and if leaving made him happy then by all means he would let him leave, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t going to do everything in his power to stop John from leaving... He grabbed his coat and decided to chase after him, he needed to explain everything, he needed John to listen to the full story before he decided to be angry and leave for good.
John laughed slightly and shook his head, “No, but I think you should be.” John dropped his cane and in one swift motion reached for the gun that he carried in the back of his trousers. He spun around and shot the two people in the car so they fell dead. He sighed and frowned a bit, “Pity... I was going to ask that woman out on a date.” He sighed and turned back to the man with an umbrella.
because this was not a matter of if! He would wake up because Sherlock wouldn’t take anything less. He looked at John's lifeless body; it was like he was as cocoon... There and present, but lifeless and unmoving. He swallowed hard and his mind started to drift. It seemed to be doing a lot of that these days, he told himself it was because his brain was trying to figure out an alternate ending for what really happened. Perhaps a way to punish him, see other possibilities he could have taken that didn’t end up with John fighting for his life.
She sighed and scrubbed her face slightly, “He’s in pain. They won’t give him any medicine because of how he tried to kill himself – afraid he’s an addict or something, but yes, he’s fine.”
John frowned and looked at him. “That’s not true… Why would you say that? Did something happen, Sherlock..?”
John awoke to the sounds of footsteps walking into the office. He must have overslept and he had no idea how the hell he was going to climb out from under the desk without being seen. Especially when the man that was walking into the office just sat down in the chair and started typing away on his computer. Who the fuck came to school on a Sunday? The desk was fairly big so John could hide under there easily without being kicked or seen. He was still in his suit and it hadn’t dried from the rain so he was shaking like a leaf. He leaned against one of the walls under the desk and just closed his eyes, looking up to stare at the bottom of the desk. The desk was built so that from the outside it went all the way down to the floor so no one could see under it unless they were on the other side of it. And even then they had to bend down to look under.
He swallowed and looked up in the direction towards Sherlock. He watched as Sherlock grabbed his phone and read the message, what he saw next made his heart shatter once again. He saw Sherlock roll his eyes and shove his phone back into his pocket, completely ignoring John.
ready to be with Sherlock again – the real bloody Sherlock, mind – you show up and tell me not to do it! Like you actually care for me when I know that you don't!! You're not real. The real one died years ago. Now leave me alone and let. Me. Do. This." He hissed, looking at Sherlock with a fire in his eyes that Sherlock was certain he had never seen before.
“He was rude, arrogant, and cocky! All around he was a bastard and frankly I think the author who wrote about him made him seem more brilliant than he actually was.”
She bit her lip slightly and nodded, “I think I would like that very much.” She sighed happily, the ‘took you long enough’ unspoken, but written all over her face.
Sherlock smiled softly, he wanted to reach forward to grab John's hand, but he also didn’t know what lines were drawn in their boundaries right now, “I asked you what you were doing at Mycroft's house.”
John frowned. “I’m sorry – and no, that is not pity. I am genuinely sorry because no one deserves that... Not ever, but I also think that you shouldn’t not like anyone just because of one bad experience you had when you were six….”
He laid on the bed thinking everything over, he did that a lot in his free time because he didn’t have anything to do... Sherlock stopped writing him and he was not about to continue when it was clear that Sherlock was done and had been for three years now. Besides, he was done with Sherlock anyway, he just wished he had an outlet to vent to. Miles was dead so he couldn’t vent him anymore and ever since Miles had died he closed himself off. It was too risky to make friends out here and he wasn’t about to experience the type of hurt and anger and hatred that he felt when Miles died... not again. He couldn’t because he honestly didn’t know if he could take that pain again. In a way that was worse than losing Sherlock… Sherlock was just a letter, someone far away, but Miles had quickly become his best friend.
When John didn’t say anything Mycroft continued to speak, “He wouldn’t be happy that I tried to assault you, but I didn’t. He knows I’m hurting and don’t exactly think like a normal person – though, I do a brilliant job of hiding that – he would just be proud at the fact that I changed my mind. No, I came up with something else. Some other way to hurt you, and that is why he’s never going to forgive me.” He hummed, standing up to pace around the room.
John snapped back to the real world and looked down at Sherlock, "Oh my god..." He choked out and started shaking. "Sherlock I–"
“Please... would you do this for me...?” Sherlock whispered once he realised that John wasn’t going to say anything back.
John swallowed and was quiet for a long time before he nodded. He knew what that was like. He was so angry when he first started having thoughts about men. He also wasn’t sure Brian figured out that him and Sherlock were a couple, but he didn’t care really. “Yeah, we’re cool. I’m going to go finish my shower.” He nodded once and walked back up the stairs.
She froze slightly and then swallowed hard, “That’s impossible, John... Sherlock is…” She took a breath and searched for the correct words to say, “He’s dead, John...” She said slowly.
John wanted to scream. He wanted to punch Sherlock and he wanted to hide himself under a rock and never come out. He wanted to throw himself off of a cliff or drown himself in the Thames. Sherlock had used him and John felt like nothing else in his life would ever matter. That nothing in his life mattered now. He was so broken and hurt... Sherlock was right... He hated Sherlock. He hated that he was right because now more than anything he wanted Sherlock to be wrong, but he wasn’t. John was broken and passed the point of no return. He wasn’t fixable anymore, and perhaps he never would be. “Sherlock...” He swallowed hard and spoke quietly, “I don’t have anywhere to go...” He looked down at the ground and closed his eyes. Great, he was practically pleading with the man who had just destroyed him to let him stay. He was a fucking loser.
Sherlock didn’t even try and deny it, “yes, well… I was worried you weren’t going to come and on the chance that you did I wanted it to look nice for you. And before you say anything, yes I know you’re a man of your word, but I just had anxieties. I have… a lot of that now.” He cleared his throat and looked away before turning to look back at John, “Tea?”
Because I’m trying to convince myself I don’t want to spend every moment with him, Sherlock thought instantly, but instead of saying that, he didn’t answer at all.
John glanced toward the eggs in the pan and his stomach begged for him to eat them. "Yep," John nodded.
“I’ll go up,” Sherlock said, heading quickly for the staircase inside the building. His coat flapped against his calves as he started ascending the stairs.
In the hidden darkness of the theater, John was the one watching for once, and what he saw was beautiful. Eventually, he closed his eyes again with a smile on his lips and got lost right along with him. His heart didn’t stop thrumming to the music for the rest of the night.
John held onto the bucket of popcorn with one hand and clutched a handful of said buttery popcorn in the other. Every so often he would crunch on a piece or two, but never too many at once, because when the time came for him to run, he didn’t want to die by inhaling a piece and choking to death. He could just imagine Sherlock’s disappointment if he went out that way.
It was different from the night before. It was slow and careful and exploratory, but it felt completely new, as well. It felt like it was leading up to something more. John slid his hand down Sherlock’s back, feeling ribs and the lean musculature that led to his waistband. He settled his hand on Sherlock’s hip and followed Sherlock’s lead.
Sherlock huffed a sigh and turned to leave when something in the grass caught his eye. He stepped over to the fence and stooped down to retrieve the torn piece of denim. As he was bent squatted down, Sherlock spotted dirt on the fence’s links. He pinched a little between his fingertips, felt the texture and took a sniff, then sprinkled it off his hands onto the ground before rising. Dirt from the rugby field of the nearby high school.
Except, as John walks beside Sherlock, he goes over the occurrence in his head again and he doesn’t remember Sherlock standing so close. And hadn’t Sherlock’s hands been tucked into his pockets for the whole of the walk? John glances over at Sherlock again and his friend stares blankly ahead. John looks away and worries the inside of his lip. Had Sherlock really been trying to hold his hand?
Sherlock smiled warmly at him and John held out the phone. Sherlock glanced down at it and there was a barely imperceptible moment of hesitance before his long fingers curled around it. His eyes flitted up to meet John's for a fleeting moment, then Sherlock was turning his back on John and heading for his coat. John could swear that was a blush he saw colouring Sherlock's cheeks.
Sherlock went into the closet and dragged the android out from the shadows. Once out again, he held it in front of himself and looked it up and down. “Do you realize how much work you’ve flushed down the drain? I’m going to kill Mycroft!”
He’s slammed against the cement wall before he’s a had the chance to breathe and what little air in his lungs is knocked out of him as he collides with the rocky, hard wall.
“I’m alright, John!” Sherlock grumbled and pushed John’s hand away, feeling sparks jolt through his arm where John had touched him. He looked down at his hand and wiggled his fingers to make sure everything was in working order. “Did you see where he went?” Sherlock asked, looking at John in the dark hall.
Annoyed at being so easily distracted, he looked away from the clock and caught the android just turning away from the clock as well. “Can we go see John?” the android asked, it's glowing lights on Sherlock's face. “He should be getting done with rugby practice in 25 minutes.”
John grinned into the kiss and got lost in it, losing track of where they were until they passed under the shadow of the doorway and found themselves standing in their room, surrounded by red rose petals scattered around their feet.
John turned toward the android with a smile and his lips were quickly caught up in a kiss. John grunted at the force of it and Sherlock hissed.
John’s steps had slowed as he watched Sherlock speak and listened attentively. Now he looked ahead of him again and laughed, smiling brightly. “That’s brilliant!”
“Well, yeah, you’ve been staring at me since we got here,” John retorted. “Have you even blinked? I know he hasn’t,” John says, gesturing toward the android. Its eyes look almost exactly like Sherlock’s, except there’s the dimmest, almost imperceptible light glowing behind them.
John’s exhaustion started to catch up to him and he yawned. “You can lay down beside me if you want,” he told the android with his eyes still closed. He waited until he heard movement and the bed dipped beside him before he opened them to peer at the android. It laid down on the mattress and John propped himself up on an arm. The android had told him earlier that it could be charged by a power outlet and John popped open the back of the android’s neck to stretch out the cord inside so he could charge it.
He tried to keep as quiet as possible as he slipped his fingers out of the fence and inched back against the rough bark of a tree trunk. The flickering sensor stopped at his feet and John tucked them underneath himself as he covered his nose and mouth to stifle his breathing.
John chuckled and went on to stare at the strange jell-o like food. He poked at it. “Does it actually taste like spaghetti and meatballs?”
“Yes, but if you touch its hair now, it will be. It senses your intent, knows what you expect to feel, and so it allows you to feel that.”
“Sherlock told me him and John were on to Vavalovx, because he’d broken into a friend’s restaurant, so we looked into it and it turns out that the last time he was caught, he’d broken into a restaurant, as well, so that gives us at least a general idea of what we’re looking for: food.”
He knew it was none of his business, but this was possibly the only answer he'd ever get to one of the questions that had plagued him for years and he was going to take it if he could. He tilted up a few of the other bottles and noticed that each of them had been used at least once. An image of Sherlock spreading the liquid on his cock filled John's head and his neck flushed.
“No,” Sherlock replied, scanning inside the android’s open chest. He jiggled a few wires and ignored the temptation to fix the thought filter and return it to the way it had been, without free will. It was frustrating hearing his own thoughts spoken aloud, as if he wasn’t being tortured with them enough already inside his own head.
John smiled. Sherrinford was the same, his personality unaltered. John couldn't resist reaching for Sherrinford’s hand. Only hours earlier that hand had been wrapped around both him and Sherlock. The thought made him blush and he gave the hand a squeeze before helping Sherrinford up off the table. “Why didn’t you-” he started, turning to Sherlock, but Sherlock fluttered his hand dismissively in the air.
“Sherlock,” he growled, peering closer at it, but it only took him a moment to realize that whatever was inside was darker than what had originally been in there. “That was for dinner tonight. I told you ahead of time specifically so you wouldn’t do anything to it.”
When there was no reaction from Sherlock, Sherrinford called to him. “Sherlock, did you hear that? John said you can kiss him.”
Sherlock tentatively lifted the lock and cracked the door open. He peered out and saw his mum standing a few safe feet away with her hands raised. She wore an apron and not a lab coat.
“Come on, John,” Rose bumped him with her elbow cordially. “You have to actually eat it. It’s harmless.”
As he suspected, he did not feel a pulse beneath his thumb, no warmth in Sherlock’s skin, and true panic took hold of John. Sherlock was edging ever closer to the monster.
Sherlock glanced up at the sound of the door whooshing closed. John came to a stop just inside the door. His hair was matted down on one side and his pyjamas looked rumpled. He smiled at Sherlock when he noticed him among the android parts and ran his fingers through his hair, attempting to arrange it into some sort of order. “You shouldn’t have let me sleep,” he said, his voice rough with the last dregs of a good night's sleep.
“No,” Sherrinford answered, his mouth against John’s spine. “He was trying to convince himself that you’re only an experiment.”
Sherlock took a few pieces and looked to the screen as Sean Connery’s Bond came onto the screen. John quickly got caught up in the story and, much to his surprise, so did Sherlock and Sherrinford, so when Sherrinford’s fingertips came to rest against John’s thigh, he barely noticed. It wasn’t until the android leaned in and grazed his nose along John’s neck that John finally blinked out of the story.
“What do you mean so so? I was able to trick my brother into believing that it was me, that’s how much it looks like me.”
He kissed him for all the days they couldn’t be together and all the nights Sherlock kept himself away, and kissed him through the dig of Sherlock’s fingers in his back, the cut of Sherlock’s teeth as he lost the control he’d had to keep them sheathed. He continued to kiss Sherlock down his cheek, down the side of his neck, holding him close as Sherlock’s fingers found their way into his hair and gripped it tight as he went in for the bite. John let out a scream as Sherlock sank his teeth deep into John’s neck and began to drink.
Sherlock stared at the boy’s body, unable to resist. His calves were carved and his thighs were thick with muscle, and his dark blue boxer-briefs covered a beautifully curved arse. Sherlock imagined placing his hands on the boy's hips and holding him close.
With the fumbling feet of a child just shy of a toddler, he approached the tall tables, so high they avoided the top of his curled hair. On tip toes he stood to peer at the coating of grey on the once shiny surfaces. With a tentative touch, clumsy and small, he pressed the pad of his pointer finger against the soft dust. Like his mother’s face powder, it clung gladly to his skin, colouring him not a ghostly white, but a rather ghastly grey. It wiped easily from his fingertip onto his shirt. On the surface remained a light dusting that almost managed to hold the lines and whorls of his fingerprint, evidence that he was here.
“Please what, John?” Sherlock asked, though it was clear he knew what John meant. He was just going to make him ask for it.
“Jesus,” John said. “A million... Christ! And your brother just threw it out? That’s... that’s insane! Christ! A million? Why did it cost so much?”
The sound of the boy’s bedroom door closing caught Sherlock’s attention and he spent two seconds debating the morals of the situation before he pulled himself back up to look in the window. He quickly dropped back down upon seeing the boy toweling off, because his cock gave a twitch in his jeans, attempting at an erection that he wasn’t willing to deal with at the moment.
“So…” Rose started, pushing her own jell-o like food around her plate, “you and Sherlock. Are you two… together?” she asked, raising her eyebrows.
John’s mouth parted and he looked over at Sherlock, whose eyes glanced over at him nervously. “I couldn’t possibly,” John said, shaking his head. “That’s way too much money, Sherlock. No, I can’t.”
“Yes,” Sherlock confirmed, a bit too quickly to be believable, and his cheeks started to swirl, a mix of yellow with the subtlest hints of orange around his cheekbones and a focus of green everywhere else.
The room was a wasteland and it was the worst thing Sherlock had ever seen in his handful years of life. All the glass and plastic left to be buried like bodies; a metallic, powdery graveyard. He was ashamed of his mother for allowing such a thing to happen, and right beneath their very feet, too; he couldn’t look at the monstrosity a moment longer. Each day, they passed above their forgotten bodies, desecrating their final resting place with their ignorance.
Sherlock was quiet for a long moment before John felt the bed dip. Sherlock leaned up on one arm and looked down at John. “I know what this is about,” he said, looking John in the eyes.
John was quickly discovering that, though Sherrinford was supposed to be just an android version of Sherlock, that really wasn’t the case at all, at least not anymore. Where Sherrinford was very open with how he felt, Sherlock was decidedly reserved when it came to his feelings, though he had no trouble speaking his mind about everything else. John felt very sure of himself when it came to responding to Sherrinford, but it was different with Sherlock. Somehow, Sherlock still managed to remain a mystery to him and as much as John enjoyed unravelling him, he didn’t want to scare him away by doing so.
“I need,” Sherlock said through bared teeth, “for you to get away from me.” He tilted his head sideways, looking absolutely predatory, and glared at John. “Leave,” he growled. “John,” he managed after, his voice soft in desperation. He took a tentative breath, trying to keep control of himself and just barely managing to.
John gaped at Sherlock, then at Sherrinford, who wore a big, goofy smile, then finally at the rest of the room. “You barely even know me,” he breathed.
“I couldn’t bear not seeing you,” John said. He gently pushed apart Sherlock’s legs so that he was framed between them and then kneeled on the mattress. He leaned down with his arms on either side of Sherlock, bracing himself as he leaned down to kiss Sherlock soft and slow.
With another yawn, John laid back down on the bed facing the android and he studied the bot’s silvery profile. It was really quite beautiful and he'd spent a lot of the day admiring that fact. “Can I touch you?” John asked.
The TARDIS was filled with an orangish-yellow glow and a large console in the middle of the room that was lit with turquoise up to the ceiling. Hexagons decorated the walls and thick wires hung from the ceiling. It was strange room and it was big.
John paused when he spotted a button just behind the android’s right ear. He leaned forward and saw a thin, dark blue power sign branding the top. He took a nervous breath before pressing it.
With just himself and the imagined Sherlock in the room, John slowly backed up toward his bed. When the mattress bumped at his legs, he sank down, his eyes never leaving Sherlock’s for fear that he’d disappear.
John looked at his friend with an amused smile and found him focusing once again on the slide in his microscope. "And?"
Sherrinford was fairly quiet through the lesson, sitting off to the side with a book in his hand. At one point, he placed a tray with tea on the table beside John and prepared him a cup while observing them. He complimented John on how well he was doing and even brushed John’s hair back from his forehead and dabbed his brow with a napkin. That had stunned John into silence and he felt Sherlock’s body still against him.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, his smile widening until there were crinkles around his eyes. A tear escaped down his cheek.
His suggestion was met by two very displeased looking faces and he rolled his eyes. “Yep, we’re staying in,” John said. He turned toward the entertainment center and opened the cabinets underneath. They were stocked with movies. Without even seeing the titles, Sherlock presumed most were action films.
The robot’s eyes lit on John and it made a buzzing sound that John thought was probably supposed to be a hum. “That explains it, then.”
From the doorway, John watched as Sherlock and Sherrinford walked away to an idling black car at the end of his driveway. He closed the door long after they were gone, then leaned against it with a heavy sigh. He was starting to feel like he may be in way over his head.
“Oof!” Sherlock’s breath was knocked out of him as he was shoved against a wall while the creature fled, thudding down the stairs with heavy footsteps that only seemed to get louder the further down it went. Through the stars in his eyes, Sherlock could’ve sworn the man’s fingers stretched into tentacle-like hands, but he didn’t have any time to think on it, because he lost consciousness a moment later.
The power sign glowed a soft blue and the bot came to life right before John’s eyes. It seemed to take into account its slumped position and it straightened, using its long-fingered hands to push itself off the sofa cushions. When it was in the upright position, it stared at John.
Thinking of John, Sherlock dug into his pocket and pulled out his phone. On top of the text yesterday, he’d received another from John earlier this afternoon, which he’d ignored as well. He pulled up the first one and smiled.
“No,” Sherlock answered quickly. John eyed him suspiciously, but Sherlock looked like he was being honest. “Last time you said ‘no’ I nearly lost an eyebrow, Sherlock.”
Finally heading out the door, John held it open for Sherlock and, after swiping his sweating palm on his trousers, held out his hand. He and Sherlock weren’t really the type to flaunt their affections about, but John needed something to keep him stabilized - he was growing more heated every second. Sherlock gave pause before he took hold.
Sherlock studied John’s face and he looked just as vulnerable as Sherlock felt. They were still for a moment, neither of them saying a word, before John couldn’t keep his hands to himself any longer and reached up toward Sherlock. He cupped Sherlock’s face in his hand. “Come down here,” he said, his voice suddenly rough.
The way those words sounded coming out of Sherlock’s mouth sent a curl of warmth through John’s body and he stared down at his motionless hands, trying to clear his head. He cleared his throat instead. “How long will it take?” he croaked.
Once he had his clothes all stored away in a backpack, he lead the way to the kitchen where he quickly scribbled a note for Harry and his father, letting them know where he was.
Sherlock noticed its absence immediately upon arriving in his bedroom. He paused in the door and his eyes went directly to the empty chair beside his bed where his android always waited for his eventual return. Sherlock turned right back around instantly and stormed from the room.
John turned to face Sherlock. “You have a heart,” John said. “You’re letting me use your lab when you don’t have to. That’s a really nice thing to do, Sherlock.”
Sherlock thundered down the hall to Mycroft’s office and slammed the heavy wooden door open and into the wall. He braced himself on the door frame and glared across the room at his brother, who sat in his squeaky leather chair that cried under his weight every time he shifted, behind the big wooden desk that hid his ever-expanding waistband.
He released Sherrinford’s hand just before they got to the end of the hall and Sherlock stopped in front of a door. He glanced over his shoulder at John with an almost shy smile before he turned the doorknob and entered.
“Yeah, alright,” he said, before promptly walked over to the counter to clear it off, spray it down, then wash his hands after wiping it up. Then, he took out both cutting boards, the wooden and the plastic, and kept the wooden for himself.
John rolls his eyes, sets his mouth and doesn’t allow his gaze to stray to Molly. Molly, for her part, takes a moment before speaking. “John, you didn’t tell me… you know Sherlock?”
Pocketing his mobile out of sheer confliction, he avoids responding to the email. He gets himself ready for bed and feeds Redbeard, thinking about John5NF all the while. About why he wants to tell him things, all of a sudden, about why he even struck up a conversation outside of the chat room in the first place.
Sherlock settled gently onto his back, resting his head carefully on the pillow. For a brief moment he felt like a young boy, a teenager, speaking on the phone to a crush. It was a novel sensation that was instantly wiped away by the reminder that not a day ago they had both been in the clutches of a madman and had nearly died.
He didn’t take his eyes off of John as Greg struggled to get him free. Once the ropes were pulled away, Sherlock fought against the violent waves of pain and went to his knees, crossed the room at a crawl and sat at John’s head. With gentle hands he lifted John’s upper body and resettled him across his lap. Greg came over and sank down on the floor as well, back against the sofa with his legs stretched in front of him.
He flew over the Russian Trampoline, gaining speed, diving into the Accala Valley with determination, poles a weight between his arms and torso. Gritting his teeth, he skied a few meters outside of the course, angling himself back onto the proper side of the blue line just in time to contend with the hard, icy conditions into which the lower part of the course had frozen.
“Fine,” Molly scoffs, rounds the gurney and heads towards her office. “High praise coming from you!” she calls from inside, shucking her lab coat in order to pull on a fluffy cardigan.
There’s some shuffling and rearranging of the bedding, and Sherlock turns away, his back to John, though his body so close the warmth seeps into John’s skin. It’s not cuddling, not exactly, but it’s so close that it stuns John. Baby steps, he reminds himself.
Sherlock stands, checking his watch, and is shocked to find that it’s nearing quarter past eight. Hastily, he dons his jacket and follows Molly as she weaves through the people towards the door.
“Not romantic,” John grumbles and takes a step into Sherlock’s personal space, chest to chest. “You know how I like to be... “ John takes a large inhale through his nose and then presses his mouth to Sherlock’s shoulder. “Romantic.”
a complete idiot. Sherlock twisted his empty fork against his plate and found himself wondering where John was right at that very moment; was he conversing with other athletes from the delegation, chatting with them just as amicably as he’d chatted with Sherlock? Getting to
“A week,” he says simply. “Billy Kincaid,” Sherlock adds, and John could swear he hears something he would call wistful in his voice.
But when Sherlock stills, John glances up at him, astonished and saddened to find apprehension in his gaze.
It sounds like something out of a spy movie. “And how long did that take you?” John asks, leaning forward with interest.
I guess, well, nearly ten years. Of romance. Bringing you mince pies and… and doing the laundry. Letting you lullaby Rosie to sleep.”
Sherlock stood and stretched, his back and knees creaking from being in such an awkward position for so long. He twisted his torso on his hips. “Indeed, the final day to qualify.”
“I am and I’m… I’m not. But you, you’re being dragged into a rather precarious situation, and I wouldn’t want-”
John rockets himself off of the bench and strides forward on the pavement, in the direction of his flat; his fists pump back and forth at his sides. He simultaneously can’t believe he asked such a question and realizes that the question is entirely innocuous. He can’t help wanting to flesh out Guest a bit more in his imagination.
“Pompous,” John returns and then hunches down to trail his fingers along the backs of Sherlock’s thighs and calves. The front of him is last, and John only gives him a perfunctory wash around his pelvis, leaving the more intensive cleansing up to Sherlock.
