A bit of the tension leaves Steve’s shoulders.  “Good.  I’ll put this to use.”  He taps a finger on the edge of the device.  He breathes deeply.  “But that’s not what I called you here for.”
His vocal cords seem to be tied in a knot.  “I might have helped you more with your search for him.”
He was starting to get into it (the sweet, almost reverent way Steve kissed him was taking some getting used to, not that he was complaining), when Steve pulled back.  Tony was a grown man, so the noise he made could not be called a whine, no matter what Natasha said.
The cover’s worn, the cardboard fraying around the bent spiral binding.  He can’t tell what brand it once was, because Steve painted over it and it reads something about seeing tomorrow shining in your eyes.
Obadiah Stane, Howard’s business partner and heir presumptive until Tony’s birth, had taken control and had encouraged Tony to head to MIT while still producing inventions for Stark Industries.  A year later, and after an incident of kidnapping that Steve still hadn’t been debriefed on, Tony had built the Iron Man suit and had taken over from Stane, who had mysteriously disappeared.
“It’s just . . . a lot to process.”  He steeled himself at the worry in his new mentor’s eyes.  “I’ve had an . . . interesting few days.  I’ll be fine.”
“I will be sure to remember that,” Fury said as he rose from his couch.  “I have not been to Zancle since the reign of your late grandfather.  So it might be time.”
Instead of fussing over it and ripping it up and trying again, he melted the sealing wax and pressed his signet into the papyrus.  He extinguished the lamp, and crawled under his stromata.
“Why did you do it?  Why?  We spent so much time, energy . . . .  We were building a new world.  A new life.  Together.  And then you blew everything we built . . . everything we built together, you – you blew it all to hell.  For one guy.  Why?”
“- asked me.” Bruce cleared his throat awkwardly.  “The gamma readings are definitely consistent with Selvig's reports on the Tesseract.  But it's gonna take weeks to process.”
Carefully, Tony let an eye silt open and snapped it close immediately.  Steve had his face pressed into his knees, broad shoulders trembling.  Tiny gasps that would have been sobs to a lesser man filled the room.
“I’d rather not,” Pepper chimed.  “It’s not in my approved palate.  Okay, one for special occasions,” she consented to Tony’s pout, accepting the entire package, and striding to the kitchen to fetch the scissors.
Steve’s fingers flexed momentarily on the armrest. “Well,” he started slowly. “It’s a military operation . . . and you’re one of the nation’s leading contractors. Maybe . . . you could be brought in?”
“JARVIS, see if you can get Pepper to set up a meeting with marketing and OPI’s designer collections manager.  Not leaving you hanging, soldier,” Tony grinned.  “Now come here.”
He was thrown for a loop, though, seeming Tony’s nearly-naked form sprawled across the couch.  He was fast asleep, positioned much like Rose from
Natalasha, as Tony had started calling her in his head, was piloting, so he was stuck with Captain Beautif – Butthead.
an easy decision, but he’s going to do it anyway, damn the cost.  Like he’s set out on a journey he won’t come back from alive, but it’s okay, because staying home would be the death of him, too.
“Well,” Tony leaned back in his chair and sipped his whiskey, “I’m not going to stop guessing. Or trying to figure it out. Hope you know that.”
“I often wonder,” Steve’s voice said, close to his ear.  Tony didn’t turn to look at him, but savored the thrill of Steve’s hot breath ruffling the curls at the base of his neck.  “What made the gods choose Olympus as a home?  The first time I mounted the Kekropia, after the war, I looked down at Athens and all of Attika and the sea, and I thought I understood.  I’d never been allowed up before, and here I was, a king and a hero.  Now I understand better.  The Kekropia is fit for mortal heroes.  But here?  This view belongs only to immortals.”
Okay, this gets dangerously close to song fic.  I wouldn't consider it one, but music plays a big part.
“We’ll rough you up, too, Tony, don’t fret,” Clint had assured him while wrapping his hands after stripping and liberally oiling himself.
Nausikaa squealed, and suddenly there was a small net bag in her hands.  She stepped forward, and reached into the bag to draw out a handful of something which she tossed over his head.  Naus walked around his three times, throwing fistfuls as she went.  Tony reached out to catch what it was she was throwing: dried figs and assorted nuts.  Immediately, a lump formed in his throat.
These occurrences are always so surreal, because there are few people as direct as Steve about certain things. Sure, Steve would need a double-dose of emotional laxatives before you could even broach any sort of
Tony had somehow obtained a human ovum (where he got it, Steve probably would never know), and had worked with Bruce to re-program the ovum to produce human eggs using the Tony Stark X chromosome.  It had taken ages, but they had finally managed it, and has saturated it with LH hormones to make it produce eggs at a far accelerated rate aside from the normal one every twenty-eight days.  Many of the eggs that had been produced were defective and would not survive fertilization, but Tony and Bruce had spent the last several hours searching for the two undamaged that they had known would be in the pile.
When Tony finally reached his cock, the both let out a low groan, the vibrations thrumming up through Steve's skeleton, rocking him to pieces that seemed to roll about inside a prison of over-heated, over-stimulated skin and ineffectual muscle that did no other work than work the bellows of his lungs and the lightly strung vocal cords over his larynx.
He was impressed, and honestly a little flattered.  She was obviously the perceptive one of the group, and she hadn’t written him off completely.  “It’s something else, then.”
The stale reek of bourbon and acidic vomit had abated somewhat, but Tony still smelled wrong.  Usually the mulled metallic scent of oil, the slightly smoky but also metallic smell of engine grease, and the gritty-yet-fresh orange pumice aroma clung to Tony like a second skin.  Now, beneath the alcohol and stomach acid was nothing but laundry soap and deep down, so far Steve might have been projecting it, the always (because it was Tony) metallic tang of blood.
It was only due to Peter’s pathetic whining and Maria’s terrified warnings that he didn’t pull his funding on the Cap recovery expeditions.
Steve is staring at him with what Tony recognizes as his artist’s eye as he approaches, filled with wonder but trying to capture and understand as well.
Tony steps up onto the low wall, naked as he looks down at Manhattan. He allows the rolling, sparking heat that now hums beneath his skin constantly to grow and expand, and he feels his body morph.
The main town of Korkyra was located on a stubby peninsula that thrust out from the mainland.  A rocky outcropping at the tip was crowned by a few smallish, weather-beaten temples.  The town proper consisted of a small grouping of shabby but well-kept cottages and houses.  The palace, if it could be called that, sat high on the gentle slope that rolled down to the half-sheltered harbor.  It was certainly the largest building, and was slightly removed from the assortment of smaller houses and cottages.  There was no defined agora, just tables and stalls set up on the main thoroughfare.  There weren't even any city walls, only low gates and fences marking property lines.
“You should probably shower, then,” Steve was saying, sounding very far away.  “We got the guest room without a bathroom-“
of a problem, as the foot-tall creatures were squishy and not very smart, and Steve was ten times more capable than any normal foot soldier, but he still felt slightly ashamed when instead of nailing the creatures in the center of their bloated chest cavities, he lopped off limbs and had to try again.
“Listen, Tony.  I’m – I’m sorry I snapped at you.  You didn’t deserve it.  It’s just – I don’t have much.  The world’s really one of the few constants in my life and I – “
Pepper nodded once again, pulling out her handwritten telephone directory, consisting of all the people that were “involved in taking care of Tony Stark in some way or another”. She flipped it to “Interior Design” and picked up the receiver. “I’ve got it from here, boss. Steve, once I get a hold of Brenda, I’ll have you speak with her in regards to what you’d like your rooms to be like.”
. Only to be disappointed that Tony wasn’t nibbling at their persuasive charms. And now, he only had eyes for the bodyguard lurking in the corner of the room.
“Fuck, I’m not some figurine for you to polish and keep on a shelf!” he shouted as he ripped it off and let it fall from his fingers.
There were icicles forming in his eyelashes as the thin, atmospheric air hit him in the face.  Had he not had the serum, his would be suffocating from lack of oxygen.
It was the sailors, more than anything, which were the most tiring, with their incessant chatter and loud snores and awful hygiene.  They let their beards and hair grow slovenly and ragged, and did not oil their hair or skin.  And it wasn’t as though Tony could avoid them forever.  With the close quarters on the trireme, they were always right there.
No one questions why a dragon is helping them out, but they've had weirder allies.  He makes sure they've got the henchmen largely rounded up before he flies back off to where Steve is still standing.
As they cleared the maze of houses on their approach to the palace, Tony asked, “I don’t want to seem annoyed, but do they know who I am?”
Then he started digging around in the pack.  Along with the kykeon, there was bread, cheese, olives, and early figs.  Tony ate and drank the mash in a haze, thinking.  Or perhaps, overthinking.
It was probably very rude not to be contributing much to the conversation, but there wasn’t much that he could contribute, and anyway, Fury seemed content to eat his olives in silence.  Bruce was telling them about how he had gone to Kassiopi early that morning to treat a woman for hemorrhaging after the birth of twin sons.  He’d been able to stop her bleeding, thankfully, and had even helped her with the difficulty she had with her milk coming in.  Mother and babies were doing well, he was glad to report, and her husband promised that as soon as she regained her strength and removed the pollution from their house, they would make the trip down to the main town of Korkyra to make appropriate sacrifices to the gods in thanksgiving for their blessings.  With a blush, Bruce told them that the father had offered to name one of the boys in his honor.  Bruce had begged him not to, but the man was hell-bent on at least naming one of the boys Brimos.
Tony tugged them back over to the couch, and again pushing Steve down, crawled into his lap with this spine aligned with Steve’s sternum and his head tilted back on Steve’s shoulder.  Steve wrapped his arms around, interlacing their fingers over the arto-utero.  Steve pressed kisses to Tony’s closed eyelids, and they were still, quiet, waiting.
Steve turned back to glare at Tony, hard line held between his eyebrows.  When Tony swallowed nervously, the serious face crumbled, and Steve was laughing at him.  Tony just stared at him in confusion for a moment.  “Not many people do,” Steve chuckled, dabbing at the moisture in his eyes.  “I would wear a diadem, but those tend to get sweaty.  Peggy told me you had a bit of a mouth on you, so I shouldn’t be surprised.  Don’t worry about it,” he clapped a hand to Tony’s back, nearly sending him sprawling into the dirt.  “A sharp tongue gets you farther these days than a sharp sword.  How about we start again?  I call you Tony, you call me Steve, alright?”
Natasha had educated him on the songs produced about Vietnam and the Cold War.  She apparently adored the White Album, and Steve didn’t understand why until “Back in the USSR” came on and Clint had dropped his box of Froot Loops in a mad dash to dance with her.  She had shown him Billy Joel, saying he would love it, and started with The Nylon Curtain, and had teasingly changed his ringtone to the verse from “Allentown” that said “
Half of Tony wants to automatically apologize, while the other half wants to scream in frustration.  He sees the desolation on Steve’s face, he can tell it affected him terribly . . . but Tony can’t find it in him to feel sorry for him.  There’s a trace of pity, but Steve hasn’t done anything that warrants Tony’s sympathy.  Steve doesn’t deserve anything Tony has to give anymore.
Eager to change the subject, Tony latched on. “Yeah, pretty important neighbor moving in for next year. Happy, turn here.”
Steve’s knuckles are white, and if anything were clenched in them, it would undoubtedly be dust by now.  He knows what he’s doing, he knows what he’s saying.  He knows he probably shouldn’t.  But for once, he just wants to have the freedom to burn everything.  It’s been his job to preserve, to clean up, to repair, to fix.  The sour, stinging center of him just wants to be expulsive like he used to be, to blow everything up and leave it behind for everyone else.  He wants to rip Steve to shreds, because Steve doesn’t
The leaden ball of guilt that had been forming since Steve had left Tony alone in the music room finally completely solidified and threatened to knock him down ninety floors and embed him in the pavement at Pepper’s accusatory tone.
Tony rushed over and cleared a couple of attendants away. He placed a hand on Steve’s wet and chilly cheek, and rubbed a thumb over his eyelids. Steve’s straw-colored hair was plastered to his face, and was still half-encased in ice.
He’s drunk, because of course he is, a shithead teenager who just made his first real friend, when Rhodey looks at him, points with a crooked finger:  “Y’ve got
“Maybe I should call.  Ask if there’s a good time.”  Tony muttered, digging the toe of his work Oxford into the plush carpet.
He didn’t have much, just an overnight bag stuffed with some jeans and shirts and a few toiletries (and lube, plenty of lube).  Steve’s birthday present, which Tony had thankfully designed and had made after his own birthday but had never picked up, was nestled at the bottom of the bag.
And it’s only because Peter pouts adorably when Daddy teasingly says “No” when the toddler holds out the green pair with the lenses shaped like hearts.
“Yes. I kind of live here as well. I have other houses and apartments around the city, but as I tend to fall asleep on a workbench or at my desk, I have a bit of a private apartment here. I’ll have a suite set up for you, until we can find you your own apartment. If you want.”
Belatedly, Tony wondered about the other Alastors.  Were they the spawn of gods as well?  Or simply favorites?  Their attributes ran through his head.  Clint and his arrows.  Sam and his birds.  Bruce and his medicines.  Natasha and her . . . knives?  Poisons?  There were any number of guesses, and he was sure to get them all wrong.
Tony opened his mouth, like he was going to say something, but decided against it, closing his mouth and shaking his head.
While there was no way to create a child from their sperm cells, as they were both men and Tony had been rendered basically infertile after the palladium poisoning, there were other methods that had never been tried before.  From what Steve understood of what he had witnessed, Tony had found that, while his sperm was ineffectual, his chromosomal sequence had not been compromised.
A second, more invasive examination had been performed, stressing overall health, a brain capacity in the ninety-ninth percentile, and an appearance that could pass as German/Italian. Belated research done on the mother, who seemed to come from a small town high in the Ural Mountains.  The person who’d written the report had cited several other children suspected to be from the area, all of whom were cited with genius-level intellect.  Tony actually recognizes a few names.  A chess prodigy, several scientists working in the Russian government, a writer.  There are copies of those children’s files, and pictures sent for comparison.  All the children have dark hair and very familiar eyes.  All with the patronymic “Drakovich” or “Drakovna”.
of him.  Which couldn’t be right.  “Your reputation, unlike everyone else’s, precedes you.  Except maybe a few reputations we will not name, because it is unnecessary.”  Steve’s voice had risen, points of color high in his cheeks, determinedly not looking at Natasha, who was laughing at him.  “But Tony.  The things we do, you’re already doing in a sense.  I thought you might have what it takes when I saw you ten years ago.  When I began hearing stories of what you’d done . . . I
With a flourish, Clint pulled a crumpled bill from his armpit.  Bruce rifled through his battered leather wallet, and gathered Thor’s offering.  Natasha accepted the money, completely ignoring the damp look of Clint’s, and fanned them out for Steve and Tony to see.
“Well, this is actually kind of familiar.”  He gesture around.  Weapons and transport changes, but military discipline is millennia old.
As Tony approached the shed to get a better look, a voice called out “If you’re here to steal her poppy pods, realize she has given me permission to shoot you.”
There was blinding light, someone was shouting outside.  Pain beyond anything he had ever experienced, his cells were on fire, he wasn’t going to make it.  He was screaming.  Someone else was screaming, too.
Steve stood above Tony, absolutely drenched.  He would be lying if he said he didn’t notice the way the rivulets flowed down Steve’s thighs and individual beads glittered at his throat.  With the rippling light illuminating him from below, Tony thought of a cult statue, come to life, smiling indulgently and reaching down to pull him up.
Steve was running his finger around the rim of his glass. “It might be good if you could have someone around to look out for you, and your health, you know? I’m sure you have lots of employees, but do you have any that, I don’t know, take care of you?”
Tony is in the air and has Steve slung across the floor before he can blink. The explosion destroys only a couple of feet of timber, but sends the rest careening down, pinning him.
“He’s called Loki.  He’s . . . not from around here.  There’s a lot more we’ll have to bring you up to speed on if you’re in.  The world has gotten stranger then you already know.”
He fussed with his wedding band.  Gold-titanium alloy, the same metal used by Tony to make his suits.
was the one that Steve had decided to be with.  He could have anyone.  “Yeah, sound waves ripple along the arch of the dome, and when reflected with the basins, we can hear-“
,” Steve looked at him, blue eyes pale and huge in the dark and Tony couldn’t breathe.  “Is that a bad thing?”
Though, it did appeal to him, the idea of a person who knew, who understood. A person who would touch the metal on his chest like flesh, and delight in the subtleties of the mechanism as people used to kiss over the creases of his skin.
“Then no.”  Steve leaned in to kiss him.  “I’m gonna go on the tour of the building, then head into history museum.  But who knows.  Text me, and we’ll convene.”
Everything was always so explosive with Steve.  Where an orgasm with someone else would be nice, relieve stress and tension, and be a worthwhile experience, with Steve it was so much more.  Tony felt himself implode, all the wonderful things condensed into the two of them, writhing on the bed, the heat under which they had met never failing to flare up and set them ablaze again.
The grass slowly dissipated as boulders became more plentiful.  Scrub and stunted trees dotted the mountainside.  Wild goats bleated at them before scampering off.  The brilliant sun bore down, making Steve glow like a god and Tony sweat like a pig.
There were three other, more male rooms in addition to his and Natasha’s.  One, immediately to the left of Natasha’s, was bare except for a ridiculous number of archery supplies, like the man was stockpiling arrows.  Another room was a bit more lived in than the first two, with a kithara and a well-used desk.  It was quite sunny, with two walls with windows, shutters thrown open.  There was also an empty bird perch, so Tony wondered if this one belonged to the falcon Redwing’s owner.
“No, no, it makes sense that I live at least near you if I’m your bodyguard, so I can keep an eye on you. I honestly don’t know how well I would do in my own place right now.”
that he had to head to a meeting right after the consultation, and couldn’t go to lunch with them afterwards.  It didn’t matter that Tony
, Steve.  But me not telling you every little detail isn't me lying or a reason to distrust me.  And before you cut in, because I see you opening your mouth, I need to get better about doing world change-y things in secret, I know, I get it.  I'm working on it.  But my mother's family isn't any of your business.  I'm going to tell you.  It's just - " Tony presses a hand over his collarbone, where, hidden beneath his shirt, is his mother’s scale on a piece of leather cord.  "It's a lot to adjust to.  Mind bending.  I don't know what I'm doing."
He has their support, he reminds himself. They care. They don’t want him to relapse. They are so proud that he has quit the habit. If he needs help, he can call on them.
There’s only three of them here.  Vision drifts around rather listlessly, his childlike obsession with learning about the world gone.  Rhodey has thrown himself into his recovery regimen with gusto, and Tony follows him around, helping where he can, which is a lot.  He has a newfound respect for all that Rhodey did to take care of him in college.  He never thought he’d be helping Rhodey with bathing.  It was always the other way around.
And there he stood: Iron Man.  In the buffed and glinting armor, an injured eighteen-year-old, in both body and spirit.
Steve had no intentions of ever pulling away, but he felt the soft tremor that meant Tony needed to breathe.  He pulled away enough to let Tony gasp and pull air into his lungs and expel the carbon dioxide Steve had breathed into him.  He relished the warmth of sour coffee breath on his face.
It came from a man who was pulling a blade across his jaw line in front of a grimy, shattered mirror.
Pepper was suitably touched, and Steve rose to be cemented as her favorite (something Happy was endlessly bitter about), but Tony couldn’t begrudge her. Steve was his favorite, too.
The engineer nodded, digging a Twizzler out of his pocket.  “Call if you need any help,” he said in a way they better not need any, and rolled his chair back to his screens.
It was so easy to assume that Tony would have laughed at him and would have been venomous when he called Steve “old man”, but if anything, Tony had become his best friend.  Sure, Natasha was closest to Steve in physical age, or that Clint was “an acidic man-child with the maturity of a sloth” (or so Natasha said), or that Thor knew as much about the intricacies of modern culture as he did, or that Bruce understood being a science experiment.  But Natasha and Clint had never lived ordinary lives and their maturity levels were coping mechanisms, Thor was unfamiliar with the base culture, and Bruce hadn’t been left bereft of seventy years.
But Steve was already shaking his head, though he was smiling.  “Sam.  He’s of the Korkyran royal bloodline.  Between us, I have informed the local elites that I intend to name Sam as my heir.  He is from Ithika, but it's nearby and he’s taken to Korkyra with gusto.  Everyone loves him.  You might have noticed how they treated him as my right hand at breakfast?  He doesn’t quite know yet, and nothing’s written in stone, but I think Sam would do very well.  So, you’re not the
Imagining Tony wearing dark blue, outlined in white.  Steve shuttered and made a note to try drawing Tony in blue colored pencil.  He put the album under his arm and stepped into the elevator.
Steve sighs. He does a lot of sighing where Tony is concerned, it seems. “I’m sorry for what I’ve done that would ever make you believe that.”
The country slowly bled into suburbs, and the cars on the road thickened. Spying a familiar ridge, Tony engaged the jets and retracted the wheels, allowing him to take to the air. People leaned out of their cars and pointed. Iron Man gave them a vacant wave before disappearing into the brush on the side of the rise.
He had taken Tony in to his doctors this morning, and Tony had insisted Steve be present in the room throughout checkup.  Tony had “accidentally” forgotten that he didn’t need to be completely nude to show the doctors his stitches.
Steve was already halfway out of his chair. “Stay here and lock the door!” The heavy oak slammed behind him.
Tony looked at Steve in exasperated askance, but he just rolled his eyes again.  “You know Clint is an ass on purpose, right?”
Happy had offered to drive them up to the front door, but Steve had asked to be let out at the foot of the long approach.  Tony was regretting the decision to follow him, and they weren’t even halfway up the steep hill that lead to the terminal.
A fleet of dark, strangely shaped cars pulled up, surrounding him in three seconds.  Sleek.  Professional.
Tony deflates slightly, but a spiteful, resentful spark still lurks in his mind. “I don’t need a reason.   I don’t know why it’s so bad tonight. But it just . . . is.”
“Tony,” Steve said one night as he examined the dark blue-grey Natasha and Bucky had insisted on earlier (laughing uproariously at the name,
They unload Tony’s things, which consist of a large pack filled with food, tools, and other necessities, and the hand case holding his armor. His clothing was engineered to generate and retain the ideal temperature while being fit for weeks of wear if necessary.
Tony reluctantly let go of Steve’s arm, shaking the overly enthusiastic stiff hand before allowing Steve to take his turn.
His head was throbbing so bad.  It made the voices of whoever was trying to get him up sound like they were echoing around in his head.
The man was about to say something, but a bang sounded on the metal door and a rough voice sounded.  The door rattled, and slid open, admitting a troop of armed mercenaries.
Tony and Pepper went together like sodium and chlorine.  Both individually explosive, but when combined benign.  You could overlook the way they stifled one another because of how good it had tasted for only so long.
Firmly muscled arms loop loosely around Tony’s neck, and a face presses into the base of his skull.  It’s like pressing a button.  Fat tears spill from his eyes, and can’t stop them.  They fit together like a dream, like everything he had always wanted, but no.  No.  He messed up, he can’t . . . .
“My lawyers are no match for yours.  And oxtails are what they sound like: the tails of oxen.  You boil them, and the beef falls right off the bone.  They’re really fatty, but that muscle is never used, so it’s tender.  You pull out the bones and skim the fat, and add potatoes and carrots.  Done.”
They two nymphs ran their hands over his face and shoulders, tugging lightly at his hair and examining his scars.  It was completely non-sexual, reminding him of the way his mother would examine him whenever he was away from home for long.  Korkyra drew his hand up, running her fingers over the veins in his arms and tracing the lines on his palms.  She muttered softly, then began to sing.
“Just a second.” He pulled the plug from the wall socket and buttoned his shirt over the chest plate, folding the paper with the headline ‘JACK FROST STRIKES AGAIN’ away. His hands shook as he unlocked the dead bolt. “Fuck, I’m tired. Something going – oh
“Thanks, Pepper.”  He had JARVIS cut the call, then went about trying to find some sort of towel to dry Tony off.  There was drop cloth and raggedy bits of fabric everywhere, but Steve eventually found some old beach towels with Dum-E’s help.  He cut off the shower, and gently wiped the excess moisture from Tony’s stitches, before wrapping the genius in several towels and hoisting him up bridal style.
to know, was fine not knowing, because now it’s sitting next to him on the couch, making snide comments he never would have expected, and he notices how bright that smile is, and wonders if that serum had teeth whitener as one of its properties.
crossed Steve’s face, but the expression smoothed out into a mask of indifference.  He shrugged.  “No reason.  When do we go?”
Fury called him in for some meeting that afternoon, so Steve left JARVIS instructions to let Tony sleep.  He argued with himself over it, but ended up making a chicken salad sandwich for Tony, and put that and a thermos filled with hot broth on a tray, which he placed at Tony’s bedside with a note telling him where he would be and to call if he needed anything.  Steve also doodled a little comic of “Cyclops” chewing “Patriot” out.
With those magic words, Tony pulled Steve down by the collar of his shirt, and slid their open mouths together.
and the tiny sounds Tony was making were vibrating up his spine, and of course it was no surprise Steve was coming after only a few moments, and Tony sat back on his haunches, liking his lips as he eyed Steve’s still-aching cock.
Tony winked. “We’re good, doll.” She bustled off to get their drinks, fanning herself slightly with her notepad. “You alright, Steve?”
“Tony?” Steve’s gentle knock, rather than Pepper’s sharp raps or Happy’s open-palmed slam, rattled the locked door. “Can I come in?”
With Zoloto and Dikost and the rest of the shell, he learns the life of a dragon. The millennia-long lifespan, the different shells of the world, their place in the Earth’s order.
“Well, he’s refusing hospital fare and is forcing us to smuggle in outside food, so nothing out of character,”
It wasn’t.  All the stresses and surgeries in the area had weakened the heart muscle.  The reactor, for all the weight in his chest, had acted as a sort of pacemaker.  Now they were keeping a close watch on both heart and liver, and debating having him get a conventional pacemaker implanted.  Tony had drawn up blueprints and made a prototype for an arc reactor-powered implant that would act as a pacemaker, defibrillator, and artificial heart pump.  He was just waiting for some time off to have it put in.
Steve just shook his head.  He put his hands on his knees as he lifted himself from his own bench.  “Not one to be distracted.  I’ll have to remember that.  As for the forge . . . it
Nephalion raised his hands in surrender and shrugged.  “Just asking.  I say, if he’s here and he knows what he’s doing, better he call the shots than us, eh?”  He winked at Tony.
Steve is standing there, looking slightly lost in the monolith of concrete and steel.  He's holding a gift bag containing a box covered in a blue ribbon, studying the lump of rock with large pyrite crystals on a side table.  With a jolt, Tony realizes Steve’s never been up here before.
Steve shook his head.  “I don’t understand how someone such as you could long for the Golden Age so much.  I know why I might have like it, but you don’t seem the type.”
He enjoyed his time with Steve entirely too much. It was difficult to put a finger on just what held so much appeal, but it was something in the purity of Steve’s sight, there was he perceived the world, realistic and idealistic at the same time. Knowing how the world worked but constantly hoping for something better. Doing what he could to make things better. Making the world into something worthwhile.
“Da,” the man utters as he turns back to the terrain before them, leaving Tony still wondering what he is drinking. Whatever it is, it’s good.  And Akim has been good thus far at not asking questions.
Fury held out a manila folder, filled with sheets of information on the glowing blue cube he had last seen illuminating the blood-colored lines of Schmidt’s deformed face.
Tony reached up and pulled the cannula out of his nose, blinking at the dank surroundings, like a cave.  His vision was blurry, but he was able to make out what looked like the metal of a collapsible drinking cup.  He tried to grab it, but he miscalculated how well his fingers worked, and it clattered to the ground.  He was wracked with deep coughs, seizing control of his entire body.  He tried to roll off the cot to hurl the bile that was rising in his throat, but something stopped him.
friend.  I should have told you.  I know that.  But by the time there was any proof . . . we were watching it together.”
“That, is an electromagnet.  Hooked up to a car battery.  And it’s keeping the shrapnel from entering your heart, hmm?”
“Nightfall.  Isn’t that usually when dinner is?  Now, I have a few things to tend to.  Namely, informing the gossipy old men why a well-dressed Athenian is here.  The others will be around to help you, if you need it.”  Steve strode back to the stairs, then stopped.  “Will you be alright?”
Everyone laughed softly.  Pepper ruffled his hair, and Tony wrinkled his nose.  “Of course.” She glanced up at Steve.  “Will you – are you going to –“
Hardly daring to breathe, Tony answered.  “No.  I was needed, there isn’t much else to it.  Immortals . . . they’re envious of us, I think.  We die, and that – “
much older, like ten years, but you can complain all you want, the only people you’re gonna get with shared life experience are dead or in geriatric care.  And I’m not gonna say that age is ‘just a number’, that’s so cliché and it defiantly does matter, but we’re not most cases, are we?
“Well, we’re global, so I’m visiting plants and facilities on every continent all the time. But Flushing is my base.”
“I can’t support something I don’t support one hundred percent.  There’s all this talk of compromise, but you’re not allowed to make a stand anymore.  But maybe someone should.”
good at his metalwork.  Very good.  And barring the fact that the Alastors needed weapons and farm work was known to be so much easier with the addition of metal implements, Tony felt like it almost wasn’t a foolish want.  He
The realization left a cold feeling in his chest that had nothing to do with lack of power to the chest plate.
Steve and Thor rushed over, Thor ripping the golden faceplate off when they reached the prone figure of Iron Man.
Oh god, I'm SO SORRY if you saw this chapter earlier today.  I was working on some crappy bits of this on my phone and accidentally hit "Post" with my frickin' sausage fingers.  I deleted it as fast as I could (it was up for maybe a minute or two).  Sorry if it was spoiled :(  Most of it was saved elsewhere, thankfully.
They’d separated at the landing, Natasha into the woman’s room, Clint into the archery room, Sam into the sunshiny room.  They called out their goodnights, and Tony assumed he should return to his own room.  He’d disrobed, but sleep eluded him, too wound with questions.  The stairs creaked again, presumably Steve.  But instead of heading directly to what Tony had pegged as his room, the footsteps had paused outside Tony’s room for a moment, almost like Steve was hesitating.  Tony waited, but the moment passed, and Steve proceeded to his room.  Tony had waited several long moments before he lit a lamp and went to work on a letter to his mother.
, but my ass it still sore.  And I have more class than to take some guy’s virginity on a couch,” Tony griped.  Steve just closed his eyes and breathed through this nose as Clint let out a surprised victory whoop.
Sweat dripping down his face, making his skin glow gold, forcing him to close his eyes to avoid the salty burn from stinging.
“My, my, Captain, I having seen you this flustered since I first had you naked in my bed.  Anyway, why should straight couples get all the fun?” Tony said with a lascivious smirk, picking up a plastic specimen cup – for
And Tony didn’t help.  Always seeking Steve out, dropping whatever he was doing to join Steve for lunch, prioritizing things Steve had asked from him over anything from SHEILD or SI.  .  Always sitting next to Steve in team meetings or on game and movie nights.  Smiling that brilliant smile, like Steve was making him so happy for just being there.
Those working in the yards surrounding the palace had largely packed up and headed home, a few loiterers chatting about this and that.  Word seemed to have gotten out, because they pointed at him and the word “Athenian” drifted through the early evening air.  It was said with no malice, only curiosity, but Tony was fairly certain he would not be making intimate friends outside the Alastors.
Steve doesn’t even use his card at first, relying on his Army back pay, until Tony tells him to donate it to charity or something, and fuckin’ use the damn card already.  Gradually, the money makes its way to a variety of veteran and underprivileged kid help organizations, and Steve redecorates his floor, in pale blues and tans and warm wood.  And he sets up his spare room as a studio, but he still leaves paint dried on the table in the kitchen, and wipes his fingers covered in multicolor chalk dust on the couch.
He was in love with Steve.  He knew it like electrical currents and alloys and physics, like he knew pain and hurt and loneliness.
“No, she does.  But she also knows where you will sleep, and what dish you will eat from.  And she’s not a slave, nor a servant.  She won’t take kindly to you calling her anything of such.”
The room was filled by the time Tony and Rhodey entered, Tony still filthy and sweaty and clutching the bag holding Vanko’s head.  The men cheered, pulling him in and hammering on the armor, all of them asking questions at the same time, making it nothing more than a hum like bees.
Tony ended up sprawled on the floor, head in her lap as Maria stroked his hair with one hand and ran her bone needle threaded with gold along the edge of the garment, which was for him.  She made all the proper gasps of surprise in all the right places, flinching when Tony described the rotting head.
Inside are scales that look like they came from the back of a dragon. Edged in gold like Zoloto’s, but with a fiery red instead of green.
Its body is somewhere between the traditional “western” and “eastern” varieties. Its wings are pure western, thin membranes of scaly skin folded loosely.  The body longer and more serpentine, with four claws, one of which appears opposable.  That’s eastern.  The snout is just plain
He waited a few moments for Tony to cough up the last of the vile liquid (there were no chunks, thankfully), then, as gently as he could, wiped Tony’s mouth out with trembling fingers.
“These were in Phil Coulson's jacket. Guess he never did get you to sign them.  We're dead in the air up here.  Our communications, location of the cube, Banner, Thor.  I got nothing for you.  Lost my one good eye.  Maybe I had that coming.  Yes, we were going to build an arsenal with the Tesseract.  I never put all my chips on that number though, because I was playing something even riskier.  There was an idea, Stark knows this, called The Avengers Initiative.  The idea was to bring together a group of remarkable people, see if they could become something more.  See if they could work together when we needed them to, to fight the battles that we never could.  Phil Coulson died still believing in that idea, in heroes.  Well, it's an old fashioned notion.”
Tony was both tensed and relaxed, back arching up to meet him, face screwed up, clinging to Steve like a baby koala as he set a steady but relentless pace that had him grazing Tony’s prostate with every thrust.  Tony whimpered and gasped, eyelashes stuttering and clumping together with tears.  Steve worried for a moment, slowed when he saw the wetness on Tony’s face, terrified at what he might have done, until Tony growled “If you stop right
And Steve’s suddenly next to him, reaching out, and Tony melts into Steve’s chest, and Steve kisses him, long and low and deep, because Steve is considerate, and would probably kiss a prostitute.  Maybe Steve just likes kissing.  Tony can’t question it.
has the magic to make anyone feel special.  Not that being a dragon is the same as being a princess (many of his friends would say he has always been a princess, and you won't find him arguing), but the feeling that you're special and that you belong somewhere else, where you have no problems and people who love you for you and you can be
.  You latched on to the idea of Bucky.  You thought that if you brought him back, you could bring yourself back.  But you
Bruce cut into what was probably going to be the pissing contest of Tony’s life.  “Steve, tell me none of this smells a little funky to you?”
“God, man, are you a hoarder now too?” Rhodey asks with a light tone, but worry is steeped in the words. Worry that he’s going crazy.  Again.
family loved him, but they were obligated to an extent.  He had mastered talking and charming, and the people
“Yes.  Usually, he gets his run in first thing in the morning, then spends the rest of the day king-ing and training with us and whatever else.”
a chance.  He had escaped the ice.  What's to say he couldn't overcome the void of pain and misunderstanding and longing?
He was a bit more vigorous in toweling himself off, kneeling between Tony spread thighs.  With a lazy grunt, Tony snagged a small hand towel and after a few harsh pulls through his own hair, he loped the towel around Steve's neck and pulled him in.
He wasn’t sure exactly what to do with it.  With the new team residing upstate, there really was no purpose for the illuminated “A” on the side of the building any more, or all the now-vacated rooms.
“You think you can come again?” he asked, voice pitching far lower than usual, but judging by how dilated Tony’s eyes were, and the feeble twitches coming from his cock, this wasn’t going to be over soon.  He grinned at the determined look that crossed Tony’s face.
, he still loves his suits and he will continue to sort his M&M's by color before he eats them.  He will still drink too much coffee and still loves Steve.
Steve clutched the edge of the couch, trying not to crack the underlying wood in his anticipation.  Maria was sending a constant stream of
“It’s-it’s-it’s, I’m sorry, I don’t wanna get off on the wrong foot.  Do I look in the patch or the eye?  Honestly, I’m a bit hung-over, I don’t know if you’re real-“
Bruce nodded.  “I guess it’d be nice.  It’s not like I have plans.  And I won’t mind celebrating Steve’s birthday.  Those firefighters know how to party.”
He liked to cuddle, to curl up in the warmth of another, but the people who occupied his bed in the olden days were not those who he could laze about with, and now there was no one he was taking to bed for that to even happen.
have is the ability to breathe fire, chlorine gas, and the harmless tranquilizer Zoloto blasted him with on his first day in the mountains.  Which is awesome.  What would be more awesome is an explanation as to how, but he's just been teased that he might like to figure it out on his own.
And it all came together.  He’d gotten blackout drunk at his pre-eighteenth birthday party last night, to avoid finding out whether or not voices would bother him in the morning.
“Look, Steve, Clint and I have a usual bet.  Thor wanted in, so Bruce went in as well.  It’s not a huge deal.”  Steve still looked about ready to throw something, so Nat turned to the others.  “Okay, pay up and show our good Captain what was at stake before he has a coronary.”
. Tony wanted nothing more than to fix Steve’s problems, each and every one of them, until he was happy and content to say by Tony’s side forever. “Steve, I’d do anything to help you. You know that.”
And if he was to live here for a year, it was not in anyone’s best interest to be on the wrong foot with the king.  The man who he was supposed to be learning from.
The man had stood out amidst the congregated people like Apollo, all golden hair and smooth face.  An almost ephemeral halo of light had clung around him, setting him apart from the drab assorted dignitaries; they glittered with gems and gold but were still gritty.  He stood somehow pure but unfiltered.  It was an odd contrast, like the raw, uncultured man was better than the pasteurized polite society.
Tony winced.  “Not . . . exactly?  I just had them give us a standard agreement?  And Steve saw the requirements for diet and sex and the words ‘separation’ and ‘divorce’ were thrown around a lot . . . .   He got . . . upset.  Like it expected us to get divorced.  And well, the board won’t let us just get married without making sure he can’t take over and well, I don’t know what to do.”
“I already sent Happy to get them. Shit, is Tony okay? I completely forgot. Happy was showing me some the exit routes through the basement, and we came across him, but I’m supposed to be guarding
She finished fussing with her things, and stood, scooping up the jar of opium resin.  “Don’t get too distracted by all of our Alastor talk.  We need to remember that there are other things you are here to learn, yes?”
But Steve was still an Athenian by birth, and the hero of the most recent war, so his image littered the palace and the city.  Howard’s favorite drinking cup depicted Steve, and a fresco of him stood in pride of place in the throne room.
“Sorry, but we gotta move this along,” a snarky voice came from off to the side.  I was a short woman with thick curves, curly hair, a red bridesmaid dress, and a clunky black headset.
“I think this might just be a repackaged Fourth of July collection,” Natasha smirked, prodding the package.
He has more luck with the locals, who live in tiny pockets tucked around the base of the mountains. They claim it is still very dangerous, but not impossible.  In the summer.  But the locals are a superstitious bunch, and there are areas that they refuse to go.  Frightened that they would encroach on the territory of some flying beast that has left them in peace for centuries, save the occasional sheep.
“We’ll get this done, quick as we can.”  Natasha was draped over the back of his seat, still running her hands through his hair.  She had discovered years ago it turned him to putty.  Not today.  “It’ll go ten times as fast with you here.  We get the transmitter shut down, Steve can finish his mission, and in twelve hours you’ll be back at the Tower, with your fiancé, and you’ll be happy and back to your regular annoying self.”
The frescoes were exquisite.  There were no images of personal glory on the brightly-painted walls.  The left depicted a festival procession with several gods hovering overhead of the worshipers, Poseidon, Athena, and Artemis displayed most prominently.  The back wall, facing the entryway, showed Poseidon again, carrying a lovely maiden aloft as he rode the stylized waves in his chariot.  The right-hand wall, which the throne was positioned against and where Steve’s armor was hung, seemed more like a catalog of beasts, gorgons and hydras and drakons.  The paint seemed pretty fresh, like it had been re-done quite recently.  Perhaps, Tony belatedly remembered, it might have been Steve who had done the painting.
past them,” he whined.  He accepted the melon and put it back on the shelf.  She frowned until he picked up another clear plastic cup filled with slightly shrived grapes and apple slices and a strawberry parfait with granola.  She nodded approvingly before picking a second parfait for herself, then ushered him towards the salad bar.
There’s no official birth date, but David was left at the orphanage as a newborn on the day he has always been told he was born, and had looked to be approximately a few hours old. The initial check-up said he was healthy and had a lusty cry.  The mother had decided to remain anonymous, but had insisted on the name he had been given.
“No, indeed.  Well, gentlemen, I think that’s everything critical.  Tydeos, Bruce is seeing to Polites’s family, but if you could write up the important parts of this meeting and get it to him, that would be fantastic.  Also make sure the correct signs are posted.  We don’t need a plague on our hands, Apollo willing.  Pemon, over the next few days do the rounds, make sure everyone is getting ready for the grape harvest.  The figs should be in any day now as well.  Nephalion, make double sure we have everything needed for Kronia ready to go. Speaking of Kronia, Enarephoros, how about we just suspend work on the fountain until afterwards.  Tony, I’m not saying you have to help them, but you’ve volunteered yourself I’m afraid, and these people will hold you to it,” Steve paused to let the others laugh good-naturedly.  “And everyone, I don’t think we need do grand introductions, but Tony here will be with us for the foreseeable future.  He will be training with my Alastors, as well as shadowing me in my duties as your king.  Treat him no different than you would any other member of our house.  Though, on second thought, go easy on him until he knows he can snark back.”
It was utter ecstasy, moving in tandem with the man he loved, every breath out of his lungs was inhaled by with the man he loved, every breath out of his lungs was inhaled by Tony, and there was something beautiful and soft and vulnerable burning brightly in Tony’s cognac eyes, and Steve understood, finally, what the fuss was, why humanity wrote the same story again and again to try and find this heaven.
“Heresy,” Tony amended quickly. “I keep Iron Man funded and running, but he has more important things to do than looking after little old me. Anyway, I can have two bodyguards.”
Steve shifted their hands so that he was running his thumb over the ring.  “It’s common for sex-lives to dry up after a year or two.  Just the way it works.  We’ve had a lot of Avengers business recently.  And we’re not exactly young, are we?  We’re settled in our relationship, Tony.  We love each other and can figure out our problems when they arise,
Tony’s eyes were soft as he looked at his meal.  “It’s perfect, Steve.”  He grabbed a spoon and shoved some stew in his mouth and moaned.
“Yes, I’ve learned to take Clint’s stories with a grain of salt.  You don’t regularly set Men’s Warehouse suits on fire to make a point, do you?”
She always understood him, so he thinks she'd want him to search for his birth family.  Because she would know that not knowing would make him want to peel his skin off.
In his usual grumbling way, Happy spent the entire ride from Penn Station quietly bemoaning the dressing down Pepper was going to give him when they returned, because apparently she blamed him for Tony crashing and going MIA for an hour. She was also likely to be upset that Tony had just hired Steve without consulting her, but Tony wasn’t too worried about that. Steve had already won over Happy, which was a pretty awesome feat. Happy had sort of considered himself Tony’s bodyguard in a way, but as soon as Tony had mentioned Happy had once been a professional boxer, Steve had eagerly started asking about his record. He’d been vaguely self-conscious over his history of losses, but Steve had made an approving noise when Happy said it was because of the lack of desire to finish anyone off. Happy had started grilling Steve for his favorite boxers, but Steve had laughed uncomfortably, citing he was very out of date.
A keening sob escapes Tony’s lungs.  A hand drifts down, presses over the mass of scar tissue and the plastic of replaced bone.  The pressure helps.
The mere thought of Tony masturbating had nearly scrambled his brain.  Of course, it had to be true; he was still a teenager, even if he was of the age of majority.  While he had been through so much, it shouldn’t have affected his sex drive.  Now that Steve was thinking about it (read: couldn’t remove that thought from his head), it made sense; if his own experience was anything to go by, some alone time was a better stress reliever than most anything else he could do.  He could hammer on all the bags he wanted, but at the end of the day, the only thing that could loosen the tightness in his shoulders was having a hand around himself.
The glass of the coffee table let out a shudder as Tony’s phone vibrated with a text.  He lunged to scoop it up, checking if it was from Steve, ignoring the knowing look Bruce shot him over his glasses.
Steve stared at the ceiling, feeling the splatter of his release cool on his chest and the sharpening sting of the bite marks on his finger.
With upmost care, Tony places the bronze token on the nightstand where it always stays, before he allows himself to be tucked in.
Steve gently stroked Tony’s hair, and he let out a purr of contentment before slipping into unconsciousness.
His father screamed at him that geology wasn’t a proper field of science.  One November night after finishing a bottle of scotch, Howard gathered up the rocks and minerals and threw them in the duck pond.  The next morning, a brand new soldering iron was hissing and cracking on a sponge, and a dizzying assortment of freshly taped resistors rested where the magnifying glasses once stood.
“We do.  But we tend to save that for when we can lounge about sipping with grace.”  And Tony could tell that it was mirth that was dancing in the man’s eyes.  So he hadn’t completely fucked up.  “Water makes the vines grow.  Can’t be that awful.”
Bruce tilted his head, listening to whatever his daughter had to say, before stating, “Yeah, apparently our kids will grow up like cousins.”
“WE’RE GOING TO VEGAS WITHOUT YOU NOW!” was shouted from somewhere downstairs, but Tony was beyond caring.
when I’m with you, and I don’t really remember what it’s like to be content routinely since before we became the Avengers.  The others help, but it’s
He kicked off his boots and socks, toes smarting at the still-damp floor from the kids’ baths.  The rest of his clothes followed, making a tiny pile in the only dry patch of floor, right behind the door.
A guy in his thirties shamefully pulled out an orange.  “My kid didn’t want it, and I didn’t want to throw it out.  I wasn’t going to eat it in here, though-“
“Fine!” Steve throws his hands up in defeat.  “I want you to stay, happy?  I always want you to stay.  And after what you said – “ Steve looks away “ – but I’ll never force you to stay.”
“Good, really wonderful,” Tony tried to keep the eagerness at having Steve constantly within reach out of his voice, but failed miserably. “I do hope you like it here.”
he’d announced to them all, and they had just been so fucking charmed, stepping up to be Steve Rogers’ family, and Tony just couldn’t be content with just that, could he, so he’d gone and fallen in love with the bed head, the dry remarks, and the man who knew his history yet chose to believe in him.
.  Three days to read something which we would have to abide by immediately.  But – and I’m not excusing myself – I got word that Peggy had . . . .  And I just . . . couldn’t think.  Wouldn’t think.  I felt, at that time, that staying away from the UN, from the meeting . . . .  Maybe I would take my time to study them, and draw up a list of concerns, before heading to a meeting with that.  Take a break from the Avenging until the situation had been rectified.  Maybe.  I don’t know.  Maybe I’m just telling myself that now.  I can’t really remember thinking.  Only acting.
The lead agent, Coulson, took off his listening equipment and moved over towards where Steve was sitting, skimming through the digital files they had given him.   He was currently immersed in the story of one Bruce Banner.
“Well,” Steve looked vaguely uncomfortable. He chose his words carefully. “I was in for about four years. Just was – ah –
Tony shifted and sat up a bit straighter against the wall. He prodded the socket on his chest. “Captain? You military? Discharged?”
No one answered, as they were busy trying to subdue the ground forces.  Agent Romanoff had liberated one of the alien’s blasters, and was shooting it like she’d trained with it (or probably trained to use any weapon she got her hands on).  Barton was shooting and jumping and obviously his taking pent-up aggression out on the . . . things.
Tony looks up from a pile if miscellaneous wire and sees he has guests. Bearing bribes.  Carol is carrying a giant thermos, and Rhodey a pastry box.
Now, it was nearly unbearable.  It was one thing to spend time with Tony when everyone else was there, but knowing they were alone, knowing the others had left for the
He still kissed Tony like normal, and didn’t really seem to consciously pulling away . . . but the subconscious was a powerful thing.
He’s sitting on the couch in Tony’s lab, sketching idly, when Tony lifts his welding goggles and asks if he wants to get lunch.
“Why shouldn't they guy let off a little steam?”  He slung an arm around Rogers’s ridiculously broad shoulders, who promptly slung it off.
Probably because the stories liked to skip over the boring parts.  You never get the full disclosure when signing up to be a hero.
He hesitated for a moment, but soon enough Tony threw back the covers to reveal the entre expanse of his thinly muscled chest.  Light olive skin, with the arc reactor set dead-center between his vaguely defined pectorals.  Tiny coffee-colored nipples and the still-developing muscles of a teenager.  A wide, deep belly button, covered in the start of the trail of wiry black hair that moved under the band of his pajama pants, slung low over his hips.
He couldn’t hear Erskine as he narrated the process, especially as the serum was injected.  It was searing pain flooding his system; he wanted to curl into a ball, at the same he wanted to run for miles.  It was painful not because of the injection, but because of his system felt like it had more energy and power in it than is entre life combined.
“Never said it would.  But it’s not a switch, don’t you get it?  There will never be a way to go into someone’s head and scrub something out.  And if there was, don’t you think it would end up being used more to make people
The island of Korkyra was a wedge of rock, covered in deep greenery, lying in the crystalline sea.  It was shaped a bit like scythe.  There were hills dotted with sheep and goats, field flush with barley, vineyards heavy with grapes.  And everywhere, olive trees and fruit trees and other trees that didn’t grow any produce but still were striking.  Tony could see the peninsula housing Korkyra town, and could spot fishing boats leaving the harbor.  The town of Kassiopi was smaller, to the northeast in the shadow of the mountain.  The shores were lined with white sand and rocky cliffs, with boulders and pillars of rock forming channels and hideaways.  The clouds were close above them, their fluffy whiteness like fresh cream.
Bruce chuckled.  “Well, I mostly live out here.  Steve offered me a room in the main house, but that wasn’t the best idea for me.  I’m a bit of a chemist, and a healer.  If you start bleeding randomly, they’ll probably bring you to me.”
The crazy, manic inventor gleam was shining in Tony's eyes.  "I could lend you a bit of help, if you wanted."
“Uhh, Antinous, Prince of Athens.  Do I need the whole epithet?”  Clint laughed but shook his head, silver earrings jangling.
Tony grinned in satisfaction. The new engine was working like a charm, thrumming strong and smooth, just like a good engine should. No bad vibrations, no strange noises, no signs of overheating. Bit of a gas guzzler, but he was pushing it. No engine was built to run at 150 mph for 500 miles, so milder road testing was still in order, but Tony was very pleased with its performance thus far.
The stream of energy from the top of the Tower slowed and died.  The portal seemed to suck back in on itself.
It was the biggest fashion story of the year.  The OPI Avenger Designer Collection became a sellout with several colors becoming part of the regular rotation, and they decided to produce several other limited edition colors, including
He can pretend that Steve can’t sleep without him either, that Steve has to force himself to stand up, that Steve doesn’t want to leave the bed anymore than Tony wants him to, that the sigh and the deep breaths are him arguing with himself to stay.
“Oh, yes. Just checking in with Mister Stark when the alarm sounded. He mentioned something about hiring a new bodyguard.” Steve
The day was hot, the sun not helping, but there was a very brisk breeze that didn’t make Tony regret his windbreaker at all.  They held hands, which Tony loved and found ridiculous in equal measures.  But with no one to see them, he was content just to walk with his boyfriend through the ancient trees.
But it wasn’t nothing.  No matter what Tony said about branding, merchandizing, or looking cool, this was all for Bucky.
“And when Bucky – well, not Bucky – but he was the last piece of the past I had.  And they were going after him, and – I couldn’t think.  It’s like my brain got deleted.  And we were being chased, arrested, broken out, and – I was so focused on Bucky, any traces of judgement were gone.  And then I was hovering over you, about to sever your neck.  I don’t know how it happened.  It just did.  It’s no excuse, but – there it is.”
Steve reached out and claimed his share of the figs before Tony could inhale them all.  His reluctance was palpable.  “Do you . . . know what the people supposedly looked like?” he ventured cautiously.
The case they gave him was filled with junk.  Notebooks and files, old film he put on the ancient projector, a first edition Captain America comic he thought about putting up for auction for half a second until Peter complained loudly.  He paged through a notebook while idly watching his father get gradually more inebriated on film.
is the highest on my list of priorities right now,” Tony muttered, walking over and snatching up one of the sets of burgundy towels.
“It is,” and Steve gapes and turns away. “I couldn’t tell you yet, I couldn’t prove it!  I can’t phase.  But
Waking up on the ground is usually bad. His cheek is pressed to what feels like some sort of smooth concrete or stone.  Not quite marble.  There isn’t any of the usual pain Tony associates with spending any amount of time on the compact surface.  There are blankets wrapped around him, with one cushioning his temple and the top of his skull.  He is curled in the fetal position.  No chains or cuffs around his wrists or ankles, so that’s good.  His gauntlet is still on.  The armor case digs into his side.  Where is he?  Damn it’s cold here.
primly as she sat on a storage chest and ushered Tony to join her.  “I know you don’t like to hear it, but you
There had been so many ships that Tony had counted as he snuck around the ankles of the crowds with Rhodey, more than the Athenian Navy contained, until they encountered a group of rowdy Boeotian warriors passing through the crowd.  Messengers on the first ship whipped to the palace to inform Maria of the imminent arrival of the entire victorious Akaian army that would be staying in the city for an undisclosed amount of time, and to ready the best wine for a victory banquet.
“Wellll, this has been fun, but I gotta go stock up on my arrows for the trip,”  Clint said an hour later, jumping off the counter.  He cut around to grab a bottle of water from the fridge.  When the others turned away, he crept up behind Steve and hissed, “Have
That was when the shelf beneath the coffee table began to fill up with tiny bottles of Essie and OPI and Orly and Butter and China Glaze.  Bucky picked bright and dark colors, not content with the boring pale pinks and off-whites.  He liked the little decals, and the pens that Natasha got him for his birthday that he made Steve draw designs with, but his favorite by far were the glitter polishes, metallics, crackle finish, anything bright and funky.  There were pictures circulating of the Winter Soldier, Black Widow, and the Falcon getting lattes with their nails
but a quick look back at Steve told him he had better just get it over with.  “I am heir to the throne of Athens.  My mother was a princess form Zancle, and through my father I am descended from Theseus and Hermes.”   Tony didn’t fail to notice the knowing look the three nymphs shared, but he continued.  “I have undertaken a few minor quests, but I’m not much of a hero – “
. Shapanka’s icy fingers were curling around the ledge, working on pulling himself up. With lack of anything better to do, Tony stomped down on the frozen hands.
The portal was rippling slowly, and in the second before it disappeared entirely, a small figure encased in metal fell through.
“Steely Dan’s Can’t Buy a Thrill.  1972, but didn’t get very widespread until ’73.  First studio album, and rally the only one you need to listen to all the way through to get their feel.  Though, I need to get you to listen to ‘Peg’, for obvious reasons, and ‘Rikki Don’t Lose That Number’ should never be missed.  Well, do you wanna - ?”
The last woman waved.  “I am Korkyra.  Daughter of the river Asopos.  I am the mother of the royal house.”
“The logs basically say that it’s the search area for the bases where the UFOs originated from or whatever,” Carol tells him as she pours what looks like half a bottle of creamer into her styrofoam cup of coffee. “The search perimeters have been narrowed with time, but we don’t think he’s found anything yet.  And it's a huge area.”
“Okay,” he concedes.  He’ll drop it, for now.  Rhodey will bring it up again.  He always does.  “Hungry?”
Naus made a face, which Tony would have as well if he were being reminded of his family’s incest.  “So, yeah.  I found Odysseus washed up on the seashore.  Before you ask, he smelled horrible and was covered in leaves and needed a haircut.  I brought him so see my father, and eventually his identity came out and we helped him home.  Poseidon was pissed, so he tried to curse us.  He got the family for a couple generations, but he wasn’t able to curse the island.”  She puffed up her chest, obviously proud of whatever was coming next.  “Athena appeared to me, and gave me a choice: either I could fulfill my destiny as a princess and be shipped off to be some old guy’s baby factory, or I could stay here forever and protect my people but never marry.  I asked her where the hell I should sign up.”  She preened at their laughter.  “I guard the shores from the worst storms, and I make sure the fishermen have enough to catch.  Not glamorous, but it’s so much better than doing everyone’s laundry.”
“No trouble at all,” Steve face had smoothed out from where it had wrinkled at the phrase “body count”, but he looked determined to set things straight.  “What regiment?”
It slid by fast, and Tony had to grudgingly admit that the island didn’t look completely terrible.  There was an untamed nature to the place, raw power in the sea and sky, harsh winds sculpting the sand and rock into twisted, rippling shapes.  Beyond the strip of sand, harrowing cliffs topped with greenery or fields with vibrant wildflowers dotting the waves of grass lead up to hills covered in woody trees and scrub.  It was obvious that no large animals would live in the wilds here, so the daily worry of the
“What’s your grand plan?” Steve shouts over the crackle for flames. “You always have one.  Tell me.”
Deciding he’d seen enough, Tony left them to it.  He could still hear Redwing’s squawks and Clint and Sam’s yelps and the sharp
Bruce just laughed.  “You’re right.  Don’t worry; saying I’m not much of a fighter doesn’t offend me.  But there are more me’s than meet the eye.”  Bruce’s smile was pained.  He turned to the other two, who looked ready to stage a wrestling match to rival one of Herakles’.  “Should we be heading to dinner?  Sun’s getting low.”
But it's not.  Because he knows all about Skrulls and he knows next to nothing about dragons, only what Zoloto has told him and he's witnessed.
After a few more moments, Steve tells him an address.  He somehow has a pen in his hand and is scribbling it down without even making the decision to.
After the four-hour “Captain Tour Guide” show was over, Steve and Tony headed back to the Rookwood Parlor.  Steve consented to being photographed with the museum management (“At least you’ll let me wear my civvies.”), and graciously signed the old photo they had pulled out of the frame.
He could tell Steve was grinning ridiculously from the tone of his voice, and well, Steve’s good moods were usually infectious.  Tony flipped Bruce off, because the asshole was still grinning in smug satisfaction.  He heard Steve pass the baby off to what sounded like Sam and Natasha, then striding and the slamming of the screen door.
As they crossed through the palace gate, a redheaded woman in a black peplos darted forward, holding a linen sheet, which she artfully draped it around the cage of Steve’s chest and pulled the ends over his shoulder.  Obviously rote for him, Steve held the front as the woman quickly fastened it with a simple round sliver
It ached his heart to see Tony like this.  He had gone down to Tony’s workshop countless times to find him slung carelessly over the couch, limbs cluttered and mouth gaping, still covered in motor oil and WD-40.
“Well, that’s the issue then. I’ll always be heavy.  The stuff I’ve seen . . . stuff I’ve done.  I can’t forget it all.”
“Half, but da, comrade.” She punches his shoulder for his trouble, but it makes no impact while he’s in the suit.
He pushed through the crowd.  Tony was hyperventilating, flailing about, screaming as he tried to protect the arc reactor.  They keep trying to touch him, pin him down, and he screamed harder, his amber eyes rolling, looking for a way out.  They were trying to calm him, but since when had Tony ever been calmed by a stranger’s presence?
There were several serving maids bustling about, carting baskets of dyed wool and boxes of spun wool to and fro.  Their faces changed frequently enough that Tony didn’t bother leaning their names.
So it was off to Yekaterinburg for Tony. The orphanage’s records miraculously survived, despite age and the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the city’s name turnover.  For a case of rubles, the ladies in the office turned a blind eye to Tony rifling through the building’s records.
Bruce pulled of his glasses and rubbed the bridge of his nose.  “I do, but apparently she’ll be able to control him.  He’s going to be devoted to her, and she’ll be the only one to calm me down.  Whenever I phase, it’s her voice I hear when I come back.”
“And then usually you and Sam steal the seed to feed to the birds.  Oh yes, I’m onto you,” she responded to Clint’s affronted glare.
“I’m sending them the scans now,” Tony shouts as he smashes feet-first through the window of a conference room. Half a dozen people are cowering under the table, one woman trying to get a wheezing man calm down enough to breathe.  “I can take you two at a time,” he announces as he activates the speakers and gets back to what he knows best.
He lightly traced a finger through Tony’s ejaculate before raising it to his lips for a taste.  Tony stared, slack jawed.
“Well, what should I call her? It’s part of her job, and frankly, she does it very well. I love her to bits, and besides, it’s why she’s lasted so long. She and Happy aren’t afraid of me. They’ll both rope you into their circle, mark my words.”
Natasha just rolled her eyes.  “We all do it.  But Peggy is the main woman in Steve’s life, wouldn’t you say?”  She frowned at him.
They gradually approached the outside, skirting the large dry fountain at the center of the circle where a few passenger vans were unloading men in cheap suits and their families.  One little boy, maybe seven, examined scrutinizingly them from the distance.  In unison, Steve and Tony waved and the boy gasped, turning to tug at his father’s pant leg.  They were too far away to hear the boy’s exclamation, but “-ron Man!” and “-tan ‘Merica!” managed to drift over the still air.
and she’d drunk enough to down a bull elephant), managed to get back to the villa, and dumped the drunkards into their beds.  He reveled in it as Steve went through his tender way of stretching Tony out, and the gentle lovemaking that followed.  He was filled with wonder as he stared at Steve’s sleeping face, the idea that he would wake up to that face for the rest of his life.
Natasha drew the canvas covers over the baskets.  Tony obligingly picked one up, knowing better than to argue with a woman like that, and allowed Natasha to stack the other one on top of it.  The seed pods were exceptionally heavy.  Clint picked up the last basket, and wandered after them.
Steve grabbed for it with fumbling fingers and pressed his none almost entirely into the orange, focusing on the scent to chase away the memories.  Steve wasn’t the only one who couldn’t get the scent of burned bodies and explosions out his nose.
Dragonsennyy sits down on the ledge, booted feet dangling over the chasm-like drop into ice and rocks.
“Steve?” Tony asked when “Change of the Guard” started up.  Tony slid from his embrace.  Steve arms fell loose and wobbly at his sides; eyes still clenched shut as Tony moved over to the turntable to lift the needle.
.  Dionysus’ cousin, Makris, fled here from Hera’s wrath after Zeus entrusted her with the care of the baby.  Then, Poseidon again.  He kidnapped a beautiful nymph and brought her here, saying the island would be named after her, and her descendants would rule over it.”
Tony carried Steve’s “contribution” reverently over to the lab while Steve carefully righted himself.
We’re both committed to making this work.  When the lust fades, is the love and commitment still there?”
Pepper snorted.  “Just as long as you don’t go out on your next quest without your tunic.”  And Tony had to laugh.
That stumps him. Because he doesn’t really know.  “I’m not really sure.  I’ve accepted it, but I don’t think I’ve come to terms with it.”
“Thank you.”  And he was surprised by how genuine he sounded.  “I’m used to the finer things, but I’m not
“The Golden Age of Man,” Tony intoned vaguely, selecting an olive.  “It always fascinated me.  The idea that there once was a time where mortals frolicked around all day.  No war, no famine.  We were just
Shiiiiit, sorry I've left this to rot for a month.  I had final tests and such and was just feeling . . . off.  And I want to give this story the effort I can.  I'm sorry that it's kind of slow right now, but I have a lot of setting up to do first.  This is going to be loooong.
It was Times Square, but it wasn’t.  It was too bright; the paint of the signs was glowing and moving in some cases.  Billboards that looked like full-color photographs.
“Don’t talk that way,” Tony urged.  “I’m pretty sure I have it worse than you.  As least you get to pick.  Howard’s always bemoaning how he only has one legitimate kid to marry off to get a peace treaty.  He waffles between a dozen rich Athenian girls, and a load of foreign princesses.  Trust me, I’ll end up saddled to whoever’s father gives him the best deal when the time comes.”
His bones felt heavy, like all that was keeping him standing was his armor and the sweat.  He’d lost his sense of smell somewhere around Argos, so the stench that came from his skin was not as overpowering as it might have been.  But the odor of the decaying head in the leather pouch on his belt would probably keep anyone who might be able to tell him how bad he smelled away.
It was painful, almost as painful as the sight of Bucky falling, falling, and Steve was helpless.  Maria, so soft but with a core of steel and skin like iron, pulling away, Peter following.  They couldn’t leave, but put themselves at the back of his mind, the only thing he could feel was hurt from his daughter and anger from his son.
“Come on, let’s go give our congrats to the groom.”  He looped his arm more tightly around Tony’s, and Tony allowed himself the pleasure of letting Steve guide him around the worst of the rocks and tiny shrubs.
Steve snorted.  In the year since he had awaken, he had found how much of a propaganda symbol he had become.  People spewing hate, holding signs demeaning others, telling the reporters “Cap wouldn’t approve.”  What would they say that the name they loved to drop was in love with a male teenager?
The slick smile works now, because no one can tell that it doesn’t reach his eyes.  Contracts go through, because it’s a lot harder to call his bluff.
?”  Tony wailed.  “Maybe there’s a ransom note coded in the pixels.  What babies does Steve know?  Or does he
Obviously that was the wrong word.  An annoyed look flashed across Steve’s face.  “I wouldn’t say that to her, if you value your tongue.”
So he knew how to be naked in front of people.  But standing here with Steve, just the two of them and the sea, made Tony feel more vulnerable than usual.  Maybe it was because Tony was usually the most beautiful person in the room, maybe it was because this wasn’t a group setting with people he’d known for years.
, so he wouldn’t question it.  It was a few dozen cubits across, but knee-deep at the most.  Easy enough to cross, if he removed his greaves and sandals.
“Thought it was stew,” Tony retorted, stumbling in to sit down.  He plopped himself into one of the aluminum barstools affixed to the floor, spinning it slightly.
Laying there, again trying to catch his breath, Steve lazily pulled a finger through the mess on his chest, and brought a finger up to taste.
he teased, and after hearing Tony’s whine, brought his hand down, wrapping a slightly-rough palm around him.  Stroked firmly, just to the side of too hard.  “
“Steve?” Tony asked gently, gingerly placing a hand over this chest, with the flat of his palm pressed flat against Steve’s collarbone, a touch that was grounding but non-threatening.  Steve’s hand shot up, gripping Tony’s wrist tightly.  His breathing evened an increment.
Tony thought it was nice to see Steve having some more “settled” friends, as opposed to the eternal frat boys and Russian assassin he usually hung out with.  Not that Thor and Jane were anywhere near normal.  Two years before, the pair had apparently gotten so drunk they thought they had been transported to Asgard by Idris Elba.
“Alright.” Steve still sounded reluctant, but the drag of his footsteps started. “Wait. What do you want me to do with the key?”
Thor was standing at the end of the aisle, greeting guests with warm, full-bodied hugs.  Next to him stood a short man with a bushy white beard and an eye patch, with a tall, regal woman with golden hair on his arm.  Presumably his parents.  There was also a shifty-looking guy with stringy black hair in a tacky green-and-gold suit and handcuffs, with an Icelandic corrections officer hovering behind him.
Tony was fairly certain bracers would not become part of the usual hoplite kit, but hopefully they would protect him from getting his hand lopped off.
“What’re you sorry for?  Not like you could have prevented getting frozen.  Not like you could have made Howard be a better father.”  He was still pulling on the toe of his sock, probably irreparably stretching the seam out.
They did not speak so much as they scaled Mount Kratos.  It was perfectly hikeable, but they had to keep their eyes on the path.  Steve led the way.  Tony followed close behind, trying not to stare at the shifting muscles in Steve’s back.
“Me?”  Tony was honestly quite mystified as to why Steve would care at all about his opinion, but then, he did seem to be putting Tony feet-first into the fire of kingly decision making.  “I, um, don’t know.  It seems a neat fix.  My main concern would be flooding and storms.”
She held out the cutting board, he took it numbly, moving to spoon the herbal paste into the pot.  She pulled a dishrag off a hook by the sink, and wiped down her knife efficiently.  “Now,” she said, her tone back to one of normal conversation.  “I am going to find Clint, get him to stop dicking around with his arrows, find Bruce, and the three of us are going to exit the Tower.  None of us should be back for at least three days.  If, by the time I return, you two are not at least past the first kiss stage, I will spend untold hours hacking JARVIS to get the audio of the two of you masturbating thinking about each other, and will play it on the speaker system until you do pass the first kiss stage.”
“I sense I do not have long here, so I am afraid I must be blunt. My mother worries about what ails you.”
“He’s, uh, good.  Took him in to the doctor for a checkup this morning.  He’s doing fine, there’s no sign of infection, thank God.  Just needs more bed rest, mainly cause these painkillers are making him tired.  He’s up and about a bit more, though, but I’m trying to make sure he gets into bed before he’s out.”
“Ah.”  It did make sense.  Steve didn’t seem the type to be hell-bent on establishing his own royal house.  “I hope they like birds.”
David Drakovich Kuznetsov. Pronounced “Dah-VEET”, because he’s apparently Russian.  The boy was indicated to have been brought from the USSR to the USA when he was about two weeks old.  Then David disappeared from the record.  No pictures, nothing but the address of the orphanage in Sverdlovsk.
Really, the Henry Ford is like the best museum to explain the history of the last century in America.  They have this timeline exhibit . . . . Ugh, I'm drooling just thinking about it.  There's like an air raid shelter from WWII, and a hippie commune . . . .  And haft the place is filled with cars, planes, trains, ect.  Kinda a great place to start if you're not familiar with the finer aspects of American innovation.  It's just filled with old people pointing at things and telling their grandkids "We used to have one of those!"  It's great for seeing the differences between generations, and I think Steve would have benefitted from a visit.  Maybe I need to write "Captain America and Iron Man Go to the Henry Ford", ha!
.  Before the serum, no one wanted to.  After the serum, there was a war on.  He had held out hope that once it was over, he could go dancing with Peggy, but he woke up in a world were dancing was nothing like he remembered and Peggy could barely walk.
He drowned out their idle chatter, and scanned the files again.  Besides the Avenger profiles, there were terabytes off data on the Tesseract.  Whatever that was.
“If you swing by Detroit, head to the Henry Ford Museum.  It’s filled with cars and Americana.  Perfect for a crash course in the culture shifts, and well.  Cars.  I love cars.”
“You know those paints you got me?  The good ones?”  Tony nods, because he doesn’t know where this is going.  “I was surprised by how much change happened to fucking
Steve still looked dubious, but shook it off, curling in on himself and cradling his head in his hands. Tony took a blanket from one of the helpers and shooed them away. He carefully draped it over Steve’s shoulders. “Thank you for going out there to stall him. It gave me and Iron Man just enough time to trade places.”
“Steve, I’m going to live a long time. We tend to live for centuries.  Yeah, you can get killed and stuff, but if I
Phasing back, for all his struggle with the initial phase, is laughably easy.  The fire within him dims and he shrinks, wings folding to nothing, and he is left standing there, human again but with knowledge and power bubbling in wait.
“Not to push a change in topic, but how are you settling in?  It’s been less than a day, but you seem to be getting along pretty well.  They all seem to like you, Natasha especially.”
He dressed simply, then gathered up the jugs and navigated his way down to the kitchen where a porter relieved him of them.  Tony breathed deeply and made his way to the courtyard.
, he’s been out in the cold so long, and Steve is always warm, and he’s home. He’s always been home.
Steve had already busted the ring twice on missions, and once in an arm-wrestling match with Thor.  Tony really hadn’t gotten mad, because Steve was careful to collect all the pieces, and Tony simply melted them down and recast the ring.  The vibranium thankfully hadn’t been affected at all, though Tony had developed an annoying habit (to others, not Steve) of banging his ring on the table when he drummed his fingers.  Fury often complained that he needed his conference tables to have gyroscopes installed.  Steve’s husband simply drummed harder.
“Well,” Ilya says after a while, passing the tablet back. “I appears the only things they were able to discern were our physiology and whereabouts.”  He looks ill.
regulations for superheroes), and stormed out.  He wasn’t terrified of the ramifications.  Fury needed them far more than they needed Fury.
“I need to go to Iceland,” Natasha muttered.  “Then I could access his criminal record.  Stark, could you hook me up?”
“So, am I to assume that’s your dragon hoard?” Steve teases as he waves over at the ever-growing mound of tech, tools, and building materials.
“Threatening the safety of everyone on this ship isn't funny.”  He turned quickly to Bruce.  “No offense, doctor.”
Tony fled, with the coffee, limping slightly, and all Steve could was rush off to change and get his shield.
"Well, Captain." Tony lowered his voice an octave and allowed his eyes to fall to half-mast.  He was being ridiculously sultry, but Steve was on a hair trigger, and anything Tony did right now had Steve's blood thrumming and singing in his veins.  "Why don't we move this to the bedroom, hmmm?"
But maybe it was because he was still new to the hero thing.  Maybe after a few more years he would find the purpose and point of it.
Steve sat up harshly, peeling blankets and sheets off this sweaty skin.  His breathing was heaving like a racehorse’s, chest presumably swelling and contracting to their extremes.  Tony stayed relatively still, kept his breathing even, knowing any comfort he tried to offer would not be welcome or appreciated.
, Steve?" Tony snapped, harsh as splitting ice and shifting snow, like something he had been buried in for ages and had no hoped of escaping.
Suddenly tense, Steve made a noncommittal sound and kept his eyes straight ahead.  His tone was slightly apologetic.  “You see, Tony, I had the space prepared for someone I hope will fully join my Alastors very soon.  I have it from godly authorities that a child of Hephaestus will soon make their presence known.  I want that person to be able to develop their father’s gifts while with us.”
The music swelled to a crescendo, and Jane appeared and began her march (or waddle) down the aisle.  Her dress was simple in design, white gossamer and a sweetheart neckline.  But beneath the layers of floaty fabric were tiny electric lights in the shapes of constellations, and her eight month pregnant stomach stood out proudly.  Thor was weeping by the time she reached him.
Wanting to get away from his current line of though, and to restart their conversation, Tony gestured at a group of people plucking grass and flowers in the nearby hills, far below.  “Are you preparing for a festival?”
“Give yourself some credit.  Please.  Stark Tower is your baby.  Give yourself, twelve percent of the credit.”
Tony couldn’t help it.  Steve was so different from him in so many ways, but Tony was sure that if they got past the huffing and the yelling, they would fit together seamlessly, filling one another’s negative space until they were a single cohesive unit.
Steve.  The only thing that could distract Tony from his unsolved identity crisis was the enigma that was his host.  He could see now, what his father and Peggy and everyone else was always talking about.  The man’s
He landed roughly outside.  To think that only twelve hours ago, he’d been headed in to meet Pepper.  Now the fate of the world was resting on his shoulders, and the shoulders of five other people, two of which were missing.  And only two of them really knew each other.
He doesn’t encourage eye contact, keeps people distracted long enough for him to leave them in the bed (it’s not his bed, not really), and goes where JARVIS protects him from harm and people knowing that there’s some part of him that grows blacker and blacker, shriveling and languishing from lack of attention.
The scene shifted to Tom Hanks, Kevin Bacon, and some other guy in white fight suits floating in zero gravity.
“That you want to hear . . . ?” Tony can’t say he hasn’t entertained the idea of Steve’s reciprocation, but if it is
They were the only people who mattered, really.  Sex and flattery were easily found, but love and trust were sparing.
“I’ve signed more of these condolence letters that I can remember, but that name sounds familiar.  I’m sorry.”
It started slowly, with a fever.  Then he couldn’t control his impulse to take the suit through the In-n-Out drive-thru.  The skin around the arc reactor began to get red and inflamed with a silvery raised hashed pattern, and the compulsion to liquidize assets.  He donated ridiculous amounts to charity and stopped looking at profit margins.
“Very good, Steve.” Tony murmured, dropping a chaste kiss to the corner of Steve’s mouth.  He throbbed again.  “Oh no; much as I love your nonexistent refractory period, we have twins I would very much like to see in my lifetime.”
“Well,” Natalie fussed with the watch box.  “Hema says they will be.  Ria will take after her Daddy in a lot of ways.”
They took the road north, with was dusty and rutted from carts coming into town.  It swept high, giving excellent views of the town and the harbor.
He stares at his toe, at the ragged too-long nail, at the wiry curls decorating the knuckle. He has a strange attachment to that number. He keeps it on his phone for reasons unknown. Maybe it would be better to get rid of the number, but he clings to it, like people who save their dead mother’s voicemails.
Sleep eluded him.  He was the master of strategic napping, but curling up in bed by himself was always the start of hours of tossing and turning, subconsciously thinking that if he moved around enough, maybe he’d find what he wanted hiding in the covers.
So intent was Tony on kissing Steve he barely noticed being stripped, and Steve stripping himself.  Before he knew it, Tony was lying on his back, cock rubbing up the cleft of Steve’s ass.
And now one of the biggest things they have in common, having only the Avengers for family, is no longer applicable.
The island was long and slender, the rocky formation rising starkly from the crisp turquoise water.  The mainland of Epirus was very close to the east, a distance that was swimmable.  The clouds hung low over the mountains and the hills, before being swept away by the strong winds from the west.  The sun was frequently covered by the thick clouds, and the island plunged into darkness before the strong sunshine returning after only a moment.  The dramatic lighting illuminated high peaks and cliffs, pristine beaches, lush forests, lush fields, ripe vineyards, orchards flush with fruit and olives.
Steve had Tony set up on the edge of the bed, head bowed as he kneeled between Tony’s spread thighs, when Clint barged in saying:  “You guys got any regular toothpaste?  Nat only uses that sensitive gum shit and Bucky and Sam have already pack – OH GOD MY EYES!”
(In some growing, still fragile but hopeful part of his mind he was planning a year-long, no expense spared honeymoon.  They hadn’t reached
“I wondered the same thing.  But then I considered, where do floods and storms come from?”   Tony shrugged in agreement.  “I guess the best thing would be to try, and if we get any signs to stop, heed them.  Very good.  Alright then.  History of Korkyra.  It starts in the very beginning.  The island has been inhabited for a long time, because after Kronos castrated his father Ouranos, his blood and, um,
It was difficult, because it was only very recently that Tony could honestly say Steve was his friend.  It was still very fragile, and they still argued at every turn.  To already feel the way he did when there was only the slightest formation of affection between them was agonizing, but he had felt things were progressing well.
from another time, and would never fully be integrated into modern society.  He was too honest, too trusting, too optimistic to survive in any time.  Least of all now.
Steve is the first to come back, ostentatiously to gather his stuff to move it to the new training facility.  But FRIDAY alerts him in her soft burr that Captain Rogers is in his living room.
The guards disassembled to examine the vault door and make their reports, or else returned to their stations, giddy to share new gossip with other employees. Happy slid up beside Steve and Tony. “Boss, I swear you’re as nutty as him for lettin’ him go.”
“Ah.”  For the first time since arriving, Tony felt gut-wrenching disappointment.  It had been too presumptive of him, he supposed, that he could just have whatever he wanted.  But he
“Okay,” Tony whispered, still not believing, and Steve moved to kiss his tears away.  Sharp pecks along his cheeks and eyelashes, warm lips finally landing on his own.
Tony wordlessly held the psychedelic cover out, and Steve had to bite back a curse.  Steely Dan.  He had been wanting to do that group for a while now.
She sounded way too innocent for a woman who was killing people as they talked about Steve’s feelings.
Until, of course, Tony went behind everyone’s back and built a robot that was trying to destroy humanity, even if he hadn't programmed it to do anything of the sort.  That was sure to put a damper on any attempts at romance and put them back weeks in terms of relationship development.
Rhodey glowered.  “Pikas never wakes up long enough to challenge travelers.  Shit, are we going to have to start warning travelers going in that direction to go around the river source?”  Tony just shrugged, and Rhodey, half grumbling and half grinning, pulled Tony inside.
“Sure.” He rubs at his throat.  “Not that I don’t love you two, but is there any reason you’re here?  I have important . . . things to do.”  He waves a hand in the direction of the pile.
Steve frowned, eyebrows scrunching together.  “Mind your own business, Barton,” he mumbled as he burrowed into his fleece cocoon.
Steve smiled, melancholiness seeping into his face.  He averted his eyes and gracefully sat down, picking up a water skin.  He took a long drink, then offered it to Tony.  He was momentarily enraptured by the bead of water that escaped Steve’s lips, before his tongue darted out to capture it.  Belatedly, he took the skin and gulped some water, tumbling to sit on the ground.
Tony dozed a bit while he waited for the battery to charge itself enough to keep him good for a few hours. Once he deemed the power at an acceptable level, he retrieved the key and used the room phone to call the hotel he and Happy were staying at. It took a while for the switchboard operators to push him through, but eventually he was able to speak with an irate Happy, to whom he gave the address of the hotel he was currently in and asked for some new clothes.
Steve looks up from where he’s hunched over on the picnic table.  The wood was painted red at one point, but sun exposure has bleached it to make it oranger and clay-colored.  There’s some sort of book in Steve’s hands – looks to be history.  Not unusual.  Steve’s hair is different, longer and softer, curling a tad at the ends.  He needs a haircut.  He’s never known Steve to need a haircut.
“Not that easy to get rid of me,” he stepped fully into the room, ushering Steve to join him. “Pepper, meet Steve Rogers. From now on he’ll be my personal bodyguard.”
“Don’t worry, I like you better,” Tony said, tucking his arm into Steve’s.  He never thought he’d be the type to love walking arm-in-arm, but Steve had changed so many of his expectations already.
The Russian’s eyes glittered with too much knowledge.  “They don’t know it’s mutual.  Anyway, they’re just becoming more than acquaintances.  If they started anything now, it probably wouldn’t end very well.”
would have felt guilty for not helping.  For not doing my part.”  Steve met Tony’s eyes for the first time, red-rimmed but fiercely determined.  “And I wouldn’t have you.”
“Shower?” Tony gasped in Steve’s ear as he squirmed, pressed against the wall of his bedroom back at the Tower.  “We stink.”
“Never said it was.  It is, in a sense, completely fucked up.”  He pauses to let Steve have his little laugh.  “But if we want to change it, we have to play along for a while.  We gave to sit through boring meetings and wheel and deal with unsavory characters.  It sucks.  But we can’t just say ‘no’ anymore.  It’s not yes or no, black or white, up or down.  The world is grayscale.  Everything happens in degrees.  And everything is up for interpretation.  Twisted, more like.  Something sane and reasonable can snowball into the bane of humanity
“What he's got is an ACME dynamite kit.  It's gonna blow up in his face, and I'm gonna be there when it does.”
It should.  A dragon has told him that he is a dragon too.  That isn't something most people would just
“’In your blood.’” Tony quoted.  “Are you . . . okay, there’s no other way to say it, and don’t bullshit me: are you god spawn?”
“Money wasn’t the goal.  It was a ceremonial bet.  We got you two into a relationship.  That was what was at stake,” Nat winked as she tucked the three dollars into her pocket.
, where I'm gonna start putting updates and stuff for my stories, if that is how you usually track updates and such.  I'm not the best at working it yet, but hey, I'm trying.)
Sometimes Steve liked to sit still, sketch pad in his lap and charcoal clutched in his fingers, and gaze over the Manhattan skyline.  It helped, gazing over the buildings, trying to determine what was new, what was old, what had been remodeled, and what had been knocked down.  It was therapeutic in a way that none of his grief and adjustment councilors had helped (maybe because he had never attended more than one session with each new one that was recommended).  Maybe it was easier, seeing the changes to a skyline that had been so familiar from across the river, instead of in the faces of people he had never known.
Zoloto had warned him that he might start hoarding. The dragon kind, not the A&E kind.  He looks over at the pile.  Mostly tech or something connected.  Of course.  He makes a note to look into getting a vault built to hide it from everyone so they don’t worry.
to say – fuck – is that, whatever happens, whatever unforgiveable thing I think you’ve done – damn it!” Steve fists the armrest until Tony hears ominous cracking. Steve backs off, breathing thickly through his nose. “Tony.” And it is in every way Tony had ever wanted to hear, forlorn and desperate and filled with a burdened longing, loneliness that only Tony could cure. “At – at the end of the day, you’re
Tony froze from where he was shoving a pink-and-orange striped sock between to cushions.  “Well, not many people do.”
“Well,” Tony stood to join him as they walked over to the left wall.  “Using my terrific powers of deduction, I would assume Poseidon, Athena, and Artemis hold top positions in your pantheon?”
He ignored Rogers.  “You really have got a lid on it, haven't you?  What's your secret?  Mellow jazz?  Bongo drums? Huge bag of weed?”
Sam looked up, small piece of bread caught between his teeth as Redwing snatched it from him.  “Yeah?  Made by Hephaestus himself, or so they say.”  He winked, then when back to picking over a platter of vegetables.
“Not today.”  Steve buries his nose in Tony’s hair.  “But I need to get a geology text to read up on pyrite.”
Steve just sighed, and helped Tony sit up before taking the seat on the adjoining seat.  Their knees were touching.  “I as I told you last night, we are all familiar with the gods.  You’re perhaps a bit more aware of it that I first assumed, but I have to err on the side of caution.  While everyone knows about the gods . . . it doesn’t prepare you for them appearing right in front of you, asking you to do something for them.  A lot of the Alastors, not just the ones here, have had difficulty with it.  Take Bruce.  He worked in a temple for years, as a priest to Asklepius, and . . . well, sometimes it’s easier when the gods are distant.  Because when they’re in your blood . . . .”  Steve trailed off and sighed.  “It gets harder.  You can’t escape it.  No matter how you try to run.”
“Sorry about them.  They just . . . we don’t always have a lot to celebrate.  They like to go overboard when the opportunity strikes.”
Deciding any longer would be cruel, Steve curled his fingers, rubbing firmly on the gland.  Tony howled.
“Guys, let’s not get caught up in this,” Sam ordered with finality.  “It’s Thor’s wedding; we’re here for him along with his family.  If he’s willing to forgive him, who are we to judge?”
“How are you going to drink this now?” Steve asks softly, as he comes bearing a cup of Earth’s second favorite black liquid.
THE ROOKWOOD TEA ROOM WAS AN ORIGINAL FEATURE OF CINCINNATI UNION TERMINAL WHEN THE BUILDING FIRST OPENED IN 1933.  IT WAS DISIGNED BY WILLIAM E. HENTSCHEL, A WELL-KNOW ARTIST AT ROOKWOOD POTTERY, AND FEATURES A TILE FLOOR, FLOOR TO CEILING TILE, AND TILED PARTITIONS.  COFFEE, TEA, AND LIGHT REFRESHMENTS WERE SERVED.  DURING WORLD WAR II, THE ROOM WAS USED BY USO VOLUNTEERS, WHO SERVED COFFEE, COOKIES, AND DONUTS TO GIS PASSING THROUGH THE TERMINAL.  AFTER THE WAR, THE ROOM SERVED AS A GAME ROOM.  IT BECAME AN ICE CREAM AND CHILI PARLOR IN 1980, AND IS STILL OPERATED AS AN ICE CREAM PARLOR TODAY.
She had cried bitterly when, two months after her arrival, she received a letter from his grandmother, who informed her very gently that Uncle Peadar had passed, and had been sick for a while, but he had forgone medicine to save up for her passage to the States.
The thing about armor was that, once a battle was over, all it was useful for was working up a good sweat.
But it was charming in its humbleness.  The people smiled and waved openly, not kowtowing or attempting to curry favor.  Their eyes did seem to zero in on Tony, and plenty of whispers followed them, but nothing seemed outright malicious.  Their naked king didn't seem to phase them.
Two other women were reclined on a large boulder.  They both looked ageless, but for some inexplicable reason Tony felt they were more mature.  Both wore their dark hair in braids.  One was dressed much the same as the first, but her tunic was a softer shade of seafoam, and the golden diadem she wore was more substantial, akin to the ones Tony’s mother would wear.  She looked less robust than the first, more delicate and ethereal.  The third wore a longer tunic that was the shade of spilled wine, and while she was paler than the others, her cheeks were quite flush.  Her hair was crowned with a wreath of fresh ivy and grapevines like a
“Hey.”  A cold hand touched the nape of his neck, contrasting with the stuffy hot air of the van and making him jump.  “You sure you can handle this, Stark?”
“I have, but you had to be paying attention.”  Something about the excitement that was suddenly filling Steve made Tony want to collapse with dread.  He knew what Steve would say, even before he said it.  His calves were already on fire.  “Race you!”  And Steve was off, leaping over rocks, galloping as gracefully as a deer, down the perilous slope of the mountain.
“Well, than was nice,” Tony muttered.  “‘Pleased to meet you, here’s some nuts and figs and vague answers, let’s sing a song about your terrible future, now go on this dangerous quest.  Bye.’”
“Clint, you will wake up strung up by your ankles if you don’t shut up,” Natasha threatened calmly from ten feet away, were she was taking potshots at the lizards.
When they returned to the floor where Tony was staying, doctors and nurses were running, shouting, all moving towards Tony’s room.
Coulson looked uncomfortable, like he was about to toss his lunch.  “A lot of people were.  You were the world’s first superhero.  Banner thought gamma radiation might be the key to unlocking Erskine’s original formula.”
The woman in blue and gold tilted her head and smiled.  “Thor, my sweet, are you going to introduce me to your friends?”
After passing through Porterville and past Lake Success, the two-lane highway wound through for about thirty miles before reaching the podunk little town that really wasn’t much more than a place to ask for directions because you got lost on your way to your campground.
“If you are in Zancle,” Tony found himself saying, “do not hesitate to request hospitality from my uncle Polyxenus.  He detests my father, but adores my mother and misses her terribly.  If you seek harbor in my name, I am sure he will treat you kindly.”
Tony was just securing the gauntlets when Steve and Happy’s voices rose in shock. Pepper was close to screeching, but fell silent abruptly, the crackle of ice directly on the other side of the door. Happy yelled in rage, before he was silenced too. Tony pulled the helmet on just as the door flew open with such force the knob was driven into the sheet-rock. Steve, jaw clenched and gun raised, muscles bulging through his rolled-up shirtsleeves, looking glorious with the glow of battle, screamed “
Bruce was nice if a bit gloomy, and chatted amicably with him about his work as they made their way towards the throne room.  Clint was odd, but he seemed good-natured, maybe not harmless but not intentionally cruel either.  Natasha seemed to be the most dangerous, but something about her said that she was on her second chance and had no intention of fouling it up.  Tony asked Bruce if there was something between the other two.  His dry response was “Air.”
“So.” She crosses her arms and attempts to stand tall and imposing, but that really doesn’t work very well on him while he’s in the armor.  “Where have you been?”
Everyone seemed to know the family, and were asking a bunch of questions, about how healthy the boys were, if Bruce was sure her bleeding was permanently stopped, if the woman’s sister was still going to marry such-and-such.  As far as Tony could tell, the community on the island was very small and interconnected.  So another way he was different.  The only people he knew were the ones he had met that day.
Becoming a hero hadn’t been very high on his list of priorities, but when the Serpent of the Ten Rings had begun eating livestock in the Attic countryside, and reports arose that it spit acid, it had been decided that a single man should respond to the threat.  And Tony had been yammering about his new acid-proof armor.
Tony ignored the twins, until it was too painful to ignore their voices.  With Rhodey and Pepper, they were the only people who were ever honest with him.  His kids were
“Not well, if you couldn’t tell. Careful!” she snapped at the man who was gingerly patting at her hair. “This feels disgusting!” She narrowed her eyes. “He didn’t get you?”
Would Howard send a wild boar to torment Tony?  Probably not, if it meant Tony had an opportunity to prove himself.
“What do you think – honestly – about why I did what I did?  I don’t know myself, I can’t – why do you think –“  Steve cuts himself off, waiting.
They were both exceptionally worked up, so in no time Tony was clenching around him, crying out and pulling Steve over the glass-thin precipice.
Cap also had obviously heard something funny, as he was nearly bent double, laughing at something Tony couldn’t hear.
Pepper let her head thunk against the back of the couch.  “I have CEO work to do.  I don’t have time to schedule Avengers nail polish photo shoots.”
been to Athens.  Several times.  But I couldn’t go to him in person.  I’ve depended heavily on Peggy’s insistence.  She’s quite the persuasive one.”  A flash of sadness filled his eyes.  “I mainly went back to confer with her.  She’s quite fond of you.  It would have been another ten years before Howard agreed without her.  And by then it might be too late.”
“Maybe I shouldn’t tell you this, but the thing will vibrate if he sends you a text,” Rhodey grinned from the driver’s seat, cap pulled low over his brow.
“<It is unknown, and not to be known>” an old woman had told him with a dismissive tone. “<Unless you are to know.>”
Tony tried to imagine Steve on Lykabettos.  Some days, especially in high summer, it was almost impossible to walk without tripping over a pair of bodes.  Every bush and copse seemed to be teaming with moans and grunts.  The number of forgotten oil bottles must have been staggering.
Sometimes, he would ask her what she would have named him if they lived back in Érie.  She would smile, eyes like the soft blue of her church dress.
Steve held up a hand for silence.  “Do you know what makes good paint?  I honestly can’t tell you most of what they use today.  But classic pigments, I know a bit about.  Some are vegetable based; some are derived from other plants.  But they fade.  After a while, the organic pigments will fade.”
Both of them froze, motionless lips pressed together, shock at what had just happened leaching into their joints.  But then Tony made a tiny noise, more of a vibration of his lips, and the surge of movement broke the dam.
away for future exploration. “Hey.” He reached over and nudged Steve’s upper arm, feeling the rock-hard muscle beneath the fabric. “Don’t sell yourself short.”
“You think I'm not?  Why did Fury call us and why now?  Why not before?  What isn't he telling us?  I can't do the equation unless I have all the variables.”
The twins had actually helped him get in.  One of the questions they had asked for Erskine’s program was if he had the voices of his children in his head.  They hadn’t asked anything else, like names or anything else specific, but whoever was selected was insured survival if they would have children.  Steve didn’t know just exactly the project would require him to do, but he wanted to be the one chosen so badly it made his teeth ache.
There’s something sinister here, the dragon humming at the base of his skull whispers. Something bad.
“You know,” Tony smirked, pushing Steve down and straddling his thighs.  Steve’s hands automatically went to rest on the curve of Tony’s ass.  “They say half the fun of a baby is making it.”
the voice whispers.  It sounds old, like Steve telling stories of the war, but even older.  Like a voice emanating from the deepest bowels of time.
“Wunderbar! Iron Man, you make my quest far easier!” Zemo cheers as he approaches leisurely, casually drawing the tranq gun.
Because he was stupid, Tony asked, “Are you looking to get married?  You’re at a good age for it.  There are plenty of princesses floating around these days.”
Tony had very few (read: three) close friends before he met Steve.  Everyone else was either employed by him or were mere acquaintances he made out to be best friends in the world with in the media, when in reality he detested them.  As huge as the potential was, his life was very cut off from others.
A click echoed behind them. Shapanka gulped. Tony turned enough to see Steve, holding a .45 ACP semi-automatic like a seasoned professional, aimed between Shapanka’s eyebrows. “You heard the man. Start talking. What were you after?”
“‘Precious One of the Steelscales.’ But don’t go tripping over yourself.  I’m still very much Tony.”
The wick hissed in the oil, telling Tony that he should probably try for sleep. He scratched out a few more words, and held the papyrus up to read.
Steve’s room had been left immaculate.  No empty drawers gaping or trash left in the wastebasket.  It was like a hotel room, bed made, blinds drawn, and no trace of any human in habitation.
They’re brown, but that’s not a sufficient descriptor.  They’re brown like soil, like decay that gives everything new birth.  Brown is death and life and rebirth.  You just have to wait long enough.
with anyone either.  Only Pepper had been trusted enough, and it had been a while since she had lovingly explained that while she loved him, she wasn’t
Tony nodded numbly, still staring at the forgotten tray like it held the secrets of the universe.  He swallowed audibly, Adam’s apple moving in a tantalizing fashion.  Steve had to restrain himself from covering it with his mouth.
Which was terrible, really, because if it was anyone else they’d have already been rolling around in the unmade together.  But Steve was possibly one of the least-easy people he’d ever wanted to bed.  So might as well get what he could out of his system.
But he had insisted on walking.  It was easy to refuse help in a throne room, surrounded by perfumed ladies and wine.  Not so easy, when you had foregone filling your water skin because of your hangover.
he might be working with satellite imagery, but the vast majority of these sightings are at night, so he’s not really finding much.  We’ve requested some of the brains to look into it, but they haven’t found anything.”
His mother cupped his cheek again.  “Remember, you have always been my blessing and my joy.”  She knelt and picked the finished garment from the loom-weights, standing again and wrapping it over his white linen tunic.  “Go.”
century history books on it supported that, but the large amount of gay porn had been news to Tony.  Especially how most of the videos stared short men with dark hair and beards, and there were one too many mechanic / guy-with-car-trouble-who-can’t-afford-to-pay-for-mechanic’s-services-and-offers-alternative-payment scenarios.  Tony’d had to jerk off twice before he confronted Steve about lying about not wanting a tablet.  Steve had let Tony rant for several minutes, a frustratingly indulgent smile on his lips, before kissing him to shut him up.
He stood up, heavy limbs and heavier heart, moving toward his bathroom to wash the semen off his chest and the sweat from his body and the blood off his hand and remove the taste of iron from his mouth and allow his tears to fall without staining his skin.
“Well, there are men, there are gods, and there are those of us who are both, yet neither,” Steve nodded at him.
Steve cleared his throat, glaring at the pushes.  He’d finally seen the Avengers licensed ones.  “I don’t know.  He doesn’t need anything new.  I’ll make sure he gets his tablet and whatever else they’ll allow.  Maybe smuggle in some non-hospital food.  He’s going to be complaining when he wakes up.”
Out of all of Tony’s bastard half-siblings (of which there were maybe twenty they were certain of, plus untold others), Rhodey was one of his favorites, along with Pepper.  Both had been born before his parent’s marriage, and they didn’t disrespect Maria.  With Rhodey, his courtesan mother had left Athens shortly after his parents’ wedding, leaving Rhodey a toddler in the palace with nothing but the nickname of her place of origin.
He turned to Natasha, primly perched on the stone wall.  She held a finger to her lips, and pulled a small bag and slingshot from the folds of her dress.  Inside the bag were dried olive pits.  “
“My parents were a bit more godly than most heroes,” Makris said.  “My father was the son of Apollo by Kyrene, and became a bit of a god in his own right, of beekeeping and brewing and a host of other pastoral crafts; and my mother was a daughter of Kadmos, founder of Thebes, and Harmonia, daughter of Ares by Aphrodite.  My only brother was Aktaion, who was killed by his dogs for daring to see Artemis bathing.  I have faired much better, I must say,” she said with a hint of humor.  “As you likely know, after my aunt Semele was vaporized, Zeus carried her son in his thigh.  After he was delivered, Hermes brought baby Bakkhos to me; that’s what we called him then.  He only became known as Dionysus after he was taken to Mount Nysa to be raised after Hera found us.  Hermes thankfully took the baby to Nysa, and I fled here.  Demeter took pity on me, and with my help, she trained the people in the agricultural arts.  In gratitude, she made me an
His labs and offices are dark.  Covered in dust.  Outside of working on Rhodey’s braces, and investigating how to accommodate partial paralysis into the War Machine, he can’t bear to pick up a screwdriver.
“Remember your confidentiality agreements, Shapanka! And be sure to stop off at a psychiatrist on your way home!” Tony called after Shapanka’s retreating form. The man showed no sign of hearing him, rating about “cold feet” and “eternal life” and “the world will remember” as a pair of guards escorted him out.
“Yeah, but he’s just my great-grandfather.  The gods barely care about their kids, much less those that far down the line.  My bloodline isn’t what defines me.”
The slaves and hangers-on were scrambling about, carting around bolts of linen, platters of olives and roast meat, baskets of bread, and casks of wine.  When anyone saw him, they stopped and gave a respectful bow, and waited for him to pass before returning to their business, presumably preparing his victory feast.
, saw Steve’s transcripts from that year of art school, knew every little detail he could get his hands on because, hello, Daddy Dear lauds this specimen of masculinity, and Tony only ever was noticed in his shortcomings.  (So what if he had a massive want of the icon praising him for
Steve breathed deeply, like he was bracing himself for something.  “Do you know why I like it so much?”
Steve had sacrificed everything for the good of humanity.  People often diluted it to “his country”, but Steve wouldn’t demand to see proof of citizenship before he saved someone’s life.  An American wasn’t worth more in Steve’s eyes.  All life was equally precious.  You could probably claim a lot of people thought that way, but believed it to the fullest extent?  Just one of the many ways everyone paled in the shadow of Steve Rogers.
Steve doesn’t say anything for a while.  Dead air hangs between them, miles and miles that Tony doesn’t exactly know, but he seems to feel every single one of them.
“So,” Rhodey thankfully cleared his throat and patted the horse’s flank as one of the little slave girls brought it an apple to munch.  “Where’d you get her?”
he do?  Outlaw slavery?  Preposterous.  But, maybe there were advantages to kingship and being able to make laws.
“So, you wanted to get me away from him.  Why didn’t you just return to Athens in person?  I’d have stowed away even if he said no.”
Maybe that was why he hoarded his time with Steve. Because he knew there was a limit to it. And soon enough, all he would be left with is fond memories and an empty metal heart.
As quickly as it happened, Tony closed himself off, and averted his gaze, staring into the fire.  “What are you saying?” he bristled.
“Pepper,” Steve grabbed her shoulders and forced her to hold his gaze.  “You’ve been with Tony through some of the worst times of his life.  There’s nothing wrong with feeling responsible for him.  I just hope you realize that you don’t have to do it alone, anymore.  You said it yourself, we’re his family.  We’ll take care of him.”
“Of course,” Pikas eagerly ushered towards the water, a reverent look on his face.  Tony stored that bit of information away, collapsing to his knees and scooping handfuls of water into his parched mouth.  After a few moments, he took his helm and dipped it in the water, bringing it up to pour over his head.  He filled it again, this time taking a long drink, savoring the coolness and the slight taste of metal the helmet added.
He finds a slightly denser copse of thick firs, and attempts to settle in. He has no tent, idiot, but a portable thermal burner that will have to do.  He heats up some snow, then uses it to rehydrate an MCW.  The scarf covering his mouth sticks wetly in his beard from the humidity of his breath as he peels it away to shove his chicken stew in his face.
“Alright.  Hey.  Alright.  Good job, guys.  Let's just not come in tomorrow.  Let's just take a day.  Have you ever tried shawarma?  There's a shawarma joint about two blocks from here.  I don't know what it is, but I wanna try it,” Stark blathered.
So he doesn’t over think it, and just presses his mouth to Steve’s, soft and plush and wet, because he licked his lips, like he wanted Tony to kiss him.
.  Something bigger than the two of them, bigger than the Avengers, bigger than Earth, the Solar system, the galaxy, the Local Group, the Universe.  Something that if Tony believed in a divine being would make him think that it was pre-meditated, that in every version of the world, Steve Rogers and Tony Stark would find each other.  Carbon fiber strings of fate criss-crossing the layers of the Multiverse, anchoring them to one another through time and space and conflict, and declaring that Captain America and Iron Man were predestined to either save each other or destroy one another in tandem.
"TONY, DO YOU NEED PANTS?  OR A CONDOM?  TOOOOOONY.  STEVE, REMEMBER: THERE'S ALWAYS TIME FOR LUBE.  BE GENTLE, HE'S A SENSITIVE FLOWER."
They kept his spirits up.  They politely bad-mouthed Colonel Philips, and not-so-politely bad-mouthed his fellow recruits.  When he was kneeled over, panting for breath, Peter would say
“Mmm, Jarvis – the human Jarvis – used to make lamb and veal a lot.  Never stew, but it was always nicely grilled or fried.  Served with chunky vegetables, which I would always complain about, until he let me have mashed potatoes.  And he always made them, so I always knew he would let me have them if I whined enough.”  Tony’s slightly nostalgic smile slipped somewhat.  “I haven’t had lamb since he died.”
“Nah, we leave Steve to do that,” Rhodey stated off-handedly, twisting around to search for the turn.  “Did I pass it?”
Tony had spent a while now getting used to the room, exploring the contents, and trying out the mattress (it would do nicely).  But as always, he was itching for something to do.
Pikas visibly bristled, sheets of water sloughing off his shoulders.  He coughed.  “Yeah.  Well.  I didn’t win.  So.  People don’t talk about it much.  Answer the question!”
He starts wearing the sunglasses after that, because now he understands why his father always said that SI would go down the drain after he died, because he had a son who wore his heart on his sleeve.
Barton goes out and buys the most expensive commercially available yacht the next day, and returns it after seeing the card is approved.  Tony gives him a limit after that, but mainly because he wants to be a dick.
“Well, you know.  Inflation.”  Steve glared over at him, and when he saw Tony’s quivering lips, he rolled his eyes, and Tony lost it.
Beneath the mask, Zemo appears to be smiling. He fingers a small black remote in his palm.  “I must say, it is tempting . . . . “
EMTs are setting up nearby, so they’re swamped for a while, still scanning the wreckage for hot spots and getting the wounded over to the triage center. They’re lucky today.  Several have critical injuries, but nothing that is impossible to treat or will leave them with permanent damage.  Most are scraped up and a little bruised, with mild smoke inhalation.  No one here is going to die today.
Steve nodded vacantly. “Heart trouble, I can understand. Had quite a few medical troubles when I was younger. I’m better now.” His eyes darted up accompanied by a warm grin at Tony’s burst of laughter, then his face turned thoughtful. “Do you get these, um,
, working his hips in a rhythm that was only known by the two of them, a song and dance performed only for Steve.  He lifted himself, and twisted and curled and arched, smoothly undoing Steve’s fly, and reaching in to stroke him.
“Steve, breathe. Mister Stark should be fine. He should still be in his office. He’ll be glad to hear you took the initiative. If he had come across it, he would have tried the same thing. Albeit to less effective ends.” Steve had a lovely blush. Really, really lovely. “Stay here, the guards will be here before you know it. I’ll send Mister Stark down straight away.”
Tony sped away, not focused on anything besides getting away from the lizard.  Forgetting that stoplights were strung across intersections.  And being caught mid-air would allow the dragons to catch up with him.
Never let it be said that curiosity isn’t always his first instinct. The smart remarks come when he knows everything.
By way of answer, Steve lifted Tony once again and carried him to the bed.  He gently lowered a laughing Tony onto the pale blue sheets, keeping himself pressed against him as they moved once again to each other's mouths.
Tony shoves it away, watching it slide along the table.  Steve catches it before it tips over and shatters.  “Tony, what the hell?”
Steve glanced up, seeing Tony, sleep-muzzy and gorgeous as he snuggled into the couch, eyes hazy and filtered with gold.
still a kid.  Suffering from shell shock and whatever emotional abuse Howard had managed to put him through.
“Yes, he is . . . my best friend.  You could say partner in crime.”  She smiled secretly.  “Our lives are in no position to have her right now, but every child who speaks to their parents is born.  It’s fate.”
They’d had their fight around midday, and had been admitted to Tony’s room around four, after he had gotten out of surgery.
couple and used for religious retreats, and Steve didn’t want Tony’s visits ruined by potential bigots.
The wind still bites as it rushes across his bundled figure. But there is no winning against the Russian winter.  Something you only need to look at Napoleon or Hitler to know.
Something changed in the air, like Steve’s hand was hovering next to his face, and only by sheer force of will he kept himself still and heart rate down.
It was odd, the feeling of ninety plus years of sexual frustration sloughing off in less than twelve hours, but it a pleasant odd feeling.  Though Steve preferred the snuggling afterwards.
, it most certainly wasn’t one.  There were no servants offering platters, no mixing of wine in great
” Tony huffed as Bucky pulled him into a bone-crushing hug that drove their air from his lungs.  “No, stop,” Tony’s words were muffled by the metal shoulder.  “It’s nothing-“
His father, on the other hand, looked suitably unimpressed, lounging on his throne on the right side of the room, plucking uninterestedly at the hem of his scarlet
NOTE: If you’re more curious about the island, I am taking as much as possible from reality.  Korkyra in the Dorian dialect is Kerkyra (the rest of the world calls it Corfu).  The island likely wouldn’t have had permanent Greek residents at this time period (it was colonized by Eretria, then Corinth, in the early Archaic period), and certainly wasn’t a polis with a kingship.  But.  Hey.  Fanfiction.   (I’m pretty sure I’ve done more research than plenty of historical fiction writers, so there.  Like, I’m reading archeological papers on the locations of the ancient harbors, and am attempting to reconstruct an ancient map of the island because there are only modern ones.)  The island is a pretty busy tourist attraction, not for the ruins but because it’s BEAUTIFUL.  Crystal aquamarine waters and bright green foliage and craggy mountains and cliffs and beaches and sea caves.  So if you’re wondering what it looks like . . . Google is your friend.  Perfect location to . . . I don’t know, fall in love.
Suddenly, Tony remembered his analogy, and couldn’t help giggling, braking their connected lips.  “I gotta text Bruce,” he fumbled for his phone.
Aside from the curved wooden walls and doors, and the views of the rail yards from the high arched windows, the place was just as stiff and stuffy as the study where he had been forbidden to tread.  Thin peach-colored leather covering the structured chairs, held in place by well-rubbed machine tacks and tooling, did nothing to soften the ancient seats.  The entire place was done up in various woods, some clashing horribly, but all dark and bright.   The long table going down the center of the room was topped with a plane of glass to protect it, and there were small shelves beneath the individual seats which a representative of the historical society had tried pulling a weak joke, calling them “handy laptop holders”.  There were a collection of forced laughs and a sudden lack of eye contact.
“Well, it seems like it’s taking a while to stick, but I love you.  And I don’t see that changing anytime soon.  And well, I’d kind of like to make it down the aisle with you.  I don’t want to be one of those couples who are just
“See what?  A drunkard playing at pathetic hero.”  He turned away, back to the familiar swirling depths of the wine.
“Do not be. We needed to know.  As soon as I leave here, I am going to contact all the shells I can and tell them to be on high alert.  Thank you for sharing this with me.”
The main structure of the “palace” was like that of a larger house in Athens, but far more cluttered and sparsely appointed.  The main house was the normal two stories, well-kept but showing its age, with a number of additions and outbuildings criss-crossed with low stone walls for corralling livestock in the winter, but in the summer divided the outside into workspaces.
“We are, the model's locked and we're sweeping for the signature now.  When we get a hit, we'll have the location within half a mile,” Bruce supplied.
"I THINK YOU MISSED IT BUT THERE WAS A FUCKING DRAGON EARLIER.  DRAGON.  DID YOU SEE WHERE IT WENT?"
“He’s not capable of going to war?  Congress was fine when it was bombs and missiles Tony was creating when he was in the throes of puberty and grief.  Isn’t he now at an age where you’re supposed to make the decisions as to what you want to do with your life?  Are you upset he’s not doing what you want?”
like it?  It’s not exactly accessible.”  The jargon alone turned people off, even though the majority of the transmissions came from the mission logs.  Of the movie science Tony had seen over the years, Apollo 13 was one of the best attempts.  But not many people could understand gimbals and re-entry angles.
“Well, he’s got a pretty tight leash on him,” Steve conceded finally with a grimace.  “Let’s just hope Jane doesn’t have a bunch of candles at the reception, and some of us should probably try and stay sober enough that if anything breaks out – “
