“So, what’s your game plan?” Lestrade asked, catching Mycroft in his stare, the deep brown piercing the prefects icy blue.
Your boy has a plan, even if it doesnt really seem like it
He was never one to give hugs, never one to give human contact further than a handshake, but he felt like he needed this, probably more than Greg did. The reassurance that Greg was alive after what he’d just watched.
Sherlock groaned, picking up pace. Usually he found the chase for orgasm tedious, repetitive,
“Variants of mould.”
John laughed half-heartedly. “No, you don’t. He got me on the ground, between him and a wall, to protect my vital organs I tried to block him out with my arm. Big mistake, clearly.” He replied, gesturing with his wrist and wincing as a small stab of pain shot through it.
“I'm sorry.” John managed to choke out once he’d calmed down a little.
“It doesn’t matter, you are clearly appalled at the idea of a relationship further than platonic-“
“Uh, yeah, you guys head on, I’ll follow.” He replied, before walking back towards the stalls, hoping to find Sherlock.
That broke them both, they stopped moving. All it took was Sherlock to let out a snigger and they were both gone. Sherlock was giggling doubled over slightly like he did when something really got to him, John had his face buried in Sherlock’s shoulder shaking with laughter.
“I may be a hypocrite.”
“Piss off.”
“Then why the
know he knows.”
"But I-"
Greg was getting tired, his reactions were slowing ever so slightly, but once he had eyes on the snitch it didn’t take long for him to catch up to it. If he got it now there would be no hope of the blue house taking over, so he had to go.
But it seemed to be struggling with this particular first-year.
“Myc! I didn’t expect to meet you here. I thought I’d see you in the commons- Oh-“ Mycroft pulled him into his chest, his arms around his back holding him close, like if he let go Greg would shatter. Greg was his only friend, hell if that didn’t scare him within an inch of his own life.
indication.” His tone grew more urgent, as he fumbled for his phone, calling Anthea, now incredibly thankful that she would have her phone in her hand.
Once the principal had realised how Sherlock was being treated, after a stern word from Conrad Holmes, he was horrified and quick to amend the damage.
"But you said- when I tried- you're married to your work."
"Fuck." John breathed out again. "Thank you, Christ that was- oh my god." John couldn't speak, he couldn't thing, Sherlocks fingers were still in him and he could feel the taller mans erection underneath his hand.
"Don't you fucking dare, John Watson. It's not true, no matter what." Sherlock looked at him, it wasn't a stare of anger, it was a look of concern, of seriousness in a way John hadn't seen.
“Who was that?”
Was Greg’s threat, so he was left in his white dress shirt, tie abandoned, and the first two buttons undone.
“They won’t, I swear on my life.”
Sherlock stood, hands behind his back, gripping his wrist with his right hand hand as he stared across the hall. His eyes darting from person to person, noting the details, deciphering their motives.
Turning the first corner he could he was grabbed by the hand and pulled back, slender fingers interlocking his own. “She never chases anymore.” Sherlock frowned, before continuing to walk, John’s hand still clasped in his own as they walked up a staircase. “I suppose she has a hip.”
"Fuck- I'm- C-Christ,
The confirmation came when Sherlock found a needle that wasn't his in the bathroom.
“You’re doing quite well, considerably less of an idiot than anybody else I know. Their funny little brains, working half the speed they could if only they’d just
He didn’t know what did.
With a sigh, John pushed himself up reluctantly, Sherlock stayed on his back.
John would feel uncomfortable. Because the name on John’s finger was not
“You know the thing you did last time this happened?” John spoke, his voice was muffled as his head was still pressed into his legs. “Could you do it again?”
And despite being married to his work, here Sherlock was, pressed against his side. A troubled marriage, John supposed and chuckled to himself.
He was walking to meet Greg, who like usual was doing extra practice, always anxious that he was never good enough. Like usual, they were gonna do the walk to put the quidditch case back in the broom shed, and likely groan about the next test they had.
He rolled his eyes inwardly, he could’ve slapped himself there and then. What a chicken.
“Stupefied then.” Sherlock noted to himself and John as he stood up. He walked toward her and reached for his wand. “Rennervate.” He muttered, with the movement of his wand. The spell succeeded, but it didn’t work. He swallowed, before turning to face John, who looked just as scared as he felt. “This is stronger than it should be. Go to the library and tell somebody to alert Professor Spout and Madame Promfrey.” He asked the Gryffindor, before walking in careful circles around her, trying to work out how it had happened.
"You can't talk, you're. Fuck that feels so good, oh-
“So,” Sherlocks mum asked, as everyone got gathered at the table. “How did you two meet?”
“Thanks Greg.” John replied, taking Greg’s hand to stand, and heading towards the castle doors.
“Yes, but
“A ligilimens?” John asked, really there was no need for him to even speak if the older boy could just read his thoughts, but he was determined not to seem intimidated. He couldn’t help but feel violated at the idea, though he knew there was no use in trying to pretend he wasn’t.
He didn’t say anything, but he could see Mycroft, in the darkened living room, he was silhouetted with only the navy-blue sky and yellow of a table lamp illuminating the room.
John cleared his throat, feeling sickness rise in his throat, anxiety seeping through his skin. “Sorry, uhm, may I be excused?”
“Post?” The Hufflepuff asked, glancing at John. “I thought you said your family didn’t know?”
The boy grinned at him, picking up the case before walking over, keeping a distance in his muddy kit. “Yeah, not too bad. Extra practice, Johnstone lets me.”
“I’m only a call away if you need me. They’re going now, so you best be off.” Greg replied, pointing over to the Holmes’
His mind and his body seemed to be working in tandem against him. He didn’t blame John necessarily for kissing him, John was an idiot how was he to realise it would set off something like that? Hell, Sherlock hadn’t realised what it would do to him. He thought he’d deleted those memories.
“Her sister was making love potions for her to drug you?” He needed to clarify what he’d understood, John nodded, taking a sip of his drink. “Mate, that’s not okay, genuinely it’s- that- that’s ridiculously
The elder rolled his eyes. “Don’t be dramatic, John.”
“I like that John boy.” She’d spoken with a delighted grin on her face as she looked at the photo, John waved and then elbowed Sherlock who rolled his eyes and forced a smile and a wave.
Over the course of the next few days, Mycroft had been more withdrawn, he slept at his own flat, Greg slept at his flat.
care about.
He resisted the urge to grin as John was still staring at him, dumbfounded.
some cute shit here and some cute shit to come so like, stick around i guess
“I couldn’t think, I couldn’t read him, I-I can’t read you, I couldn’t breathe.” He wasn’t speaking from a logical place anymore, he could feel the anxiety rising in his throat, he was scared and he had no idea why.
Sherlock?” He spoke, as the next few were being sorted.
“Do you want to go back to the castle? I’ll have the house-elves make hot-chocolate.”
“I never said it was.” He replied, somewhat coldly, pulling his hands away from hers.
The first day back was always the slowest, Mycroft couldn’t wait for it to be over, so everything kicked back into full swing. He didn’t try to go to the Gryffindor commons, instead choosing to scowl at Anthea every time she texted him even though she was sitting opposite him as he read a book she’d downloaded onto his phone for him.
Suddenly John was looking up at him, and as if he was poking something dangerous with a stick, tentatively he reached a hand up, his fingers weaving through Sherlocks hair. Then his hand applied force, pulling Sherlock down as he pushed up, connecting their lips again, and Sherlock smiled into it, kissing him back.
“You thought you could- could jus’ hide away from me, eh?” He shoved John back against the wall of the hallway. “Thought you could leave me forever an’ then just
“You forget, John. That in the circumstance that we were to date, it would be far from a straight relationship.”
John pressed a gentle kiss to Sherlock’s lips again, now he was sitting on the arm of the detective’s chair as said detective flopped back into it. “I thought you’d be more pissed about the microscope, considering how it happened.” He spoke quietly, resting his forehead against the younger man’s, happy just to be in his company, he’d been working a lot at the clinic lately, Sherlock at the yard.
“And my limp? I’m sorry, you’re probably getting sick of this.” John replied, an amazed smile present on his face.
“No, not that, well that too, but for the whole thing about my hair. Thanks.”
“You.”
They were playing Wizards Chess to pass some time, John was beating him, they’d played so many games now where Sherlock had won, that John had his strategies memorised. Maybe not intentionally, but it seemed like for every move Sherlock wanted to make, John had it blocked before he could.
there is worse to come
Mycroft frowned, brow creased as he tried to work it out. “Why would you be self-conscious? The grey suited you, it looked nice.” Nice was an understatement, but Mycroft wasn’t sure if calling it endearingly beautiful was a step too far, most likely yes.
“John.”
had I known.”
Rolling his eyes, John heaved himself up, grabbing his jacket and his phone from his bedroom, before being tugged out the door by an overexcited six-year-old.
Sherlock smiled. He loved watching John work things out, the look of concentration that came over his face. Sherlock had spent plenty of time glancing at John when they were studying, just to see him focused. John deduced things differently to him, going through exactly what it
“John with all due respect, shut up. Your assumptions are frightfully insulting.” John looked at him quizzically, taking a biscuit. “I don’t care. The body is transport, considering you love throwing that quote in my face so often, I thought you would’ve listened to it. You needed my help and we’re-“ He broke his sentence, looking for the right word, flatmates? Colleagues? No, they were more than that. “We’re friends.”
“House-elves.” John muttered softly. “Asked them nicely.”
“I thought this was all for fun?”
“Just- Just about.” Sherlock replied, rubbing at his eyes. He noticed his fingers trembling as he lowered his hands and realised there was no way on earth he could show John his flying now.
“You’re the only one who’s ever told me anything like that. I didn’t realise it wasn’t considered platonic.”
“Oh uh, it was fine.” He spoke abruptly but by the time he looked back the family were gone. “Sorry,” He began turning back to Stamford. “I'm just tired.” He forced out a laugh, and the other boy was none the wiser.
The mother and father of the two boys were bidding them farewell, the elder nodded, and the younger did nothing, simply walking to board the train.
“I’m fine Gregory.” He dropped his hands and turned to the younger Gryffindor. “John, you have to come with me.” It wasn’t a request, it was an order and John felt his heart speed up with anxiety.
handed Sherlock a box with Jesus Christ in it, Sherlock may have thrown it out or blown it up, just to see what would happen.
Mycroft glanced over to him. “Upset, was he?”
Sherlock was still crying.
“Okay. Will you help me with my history paper?”
“Yeah he’s Giovanni’s secret boyfriend.”
"I- I don't know."
John handed his gift to Sherlock, it was neatly wrapped with a well tied bow, very different from the birthday presents he’d given Sherlock in the past. He caught the questioning look Sherlock was shooting his way and gave a nervous laugh before replying. “Mary taught me a wrapping spell; it took a few tries, but I wanted it to look nice.”
He did know.
“Yes, but he likes you and you made no effort to accompany him, even though you’re aware he has nobody else.”
John was seriously considering Sherlock’s remark about decking him one. “How dramatic.” He replied, turning to the door.
Even if it was just in his head, he could still hear John’s voice ringing reassurance. “
“Sherlock?” The shorter boy spoke after a moment of quiet, save for their breathing and the soft rustling of the trees outside with the summer nights breeze.
“Just open it.”
“Anthea.”
“Don’t you think that will raise suspicion?” Mycroft asked, and Greg noticed his knee beginning to jitter.
“I’m innocent.” He said again, a whisper this time as he pulled his knees to his chest.
He made John and himself another cup, knowing that John would keep himself up worrying about her waking up again, and knowing that he’d stay up with the doctor to keep him from going insane.
He'd had top surgery a few months before, he claimed something about a flu, as an excuse to why he was bed ridden.
“Uhm… Zero?”
Sherlock stared at him at breakfast, studying him as he read through the paper, his eyes scoring through the words as he absorbed the information from the pages, he wasn’t even pining over Sherlock at breakfast like he usually was. Something wasn’t right.
Because he did have a family. No matter how dysfunctional, or out of the ordinary.
“We need you to take us back to the castle.” Mycroft told him simply.
When Sherlock came back John was in his room, in his bed, curled in on himself. He was breathing quickly, not quite crying, but getting there.
“Merlin’s beard.” Mycroft spoke quietly, his face had gone pale and he looked more anxious now than he had before. “If he isn’t with any of us, there is a slight chance he wasn’t on the train at all.”
But then Mike Stamford just
So that was the ache and that was the anger.
Sherlock glanced at John’s mostly empty plate, and sighed, John was a fast ester when he was nervous. Figuring that John would not be coming back until Sherlock dragged him back at dessert, he pushed himself up. “Well, I must be off too then. I promised I’d show him my violin and it needs tuned. Dinner was lovely.”
Sherlock hummed in amusement. “It isn’t true that sleeping alongside another actually helps nightmares, but I’ll be here if you wake up again.”
I came from, you don’t know what I went through to get here. So, don’t act like you have all this figured out because you don’t have the slightest idea.” He spat, each word filled with enough venom to poison Mycroft ten times over.
He’d asked Sherlock’s. So now Sherlock
“Daddy! Lockie!” Rosie screamed from upstairs.
“Think of me when you do it.” Sherlock called over his shoulder as he walked away, and John ran to catch up with the prefect.
John turned his head, pressing a kiss to Sherlock’s mess of rich brown curls. “’S not your fault.” He murmured.
He gave up.
“No.”
“Convenient.”
“Well where do we go now!? I’m John, and you’re William. Our names haven’t changed since meeting each other and now the only other ways we can test it will make things awkward!”
“I don’t know, I just am!” Greg exploded, and Mycroft flinched at the volume. As he stared he caught himself and realised what was going on, coming back into the reality of the situation seemed to throw him for a loop, and he looked at Mycroft in an odd sort of shock, almost fear. “I-It’s stupid, I just- I dunno… I'm sorry, do you want to go back?” His voice broke, he sighed, and his shoulders dropped as the anger fizzled out of him, he directed his gaze immediately away from the Slytherin’s piercing glare.
And he was right, Mycroft did.
He had to do everything like Mycroft did. Damn him for being so good at everything. But Sherlock would never let him know that that’s what he thought.
Sherlock stood quietly in the doorway watching them for a moment, he loved how calm John was when he was with her, how his worries seemed to melt away with her in his arms. His voice was low and rhythmic as he read out the words to her, and she was enticed, snuggling back into his chest as she looked at the pictures on the pages. Sherlock couldn’t believe he was even slightly jealous of his Goddaughter in that moment, but he was,
“Here, eat that.” Mycroft said suddenly, turning from one of the larger and less magical looking plants, handing him a leave that looked an awful lot like mint.
“Well maybe I’ve also fallen victim to human attraction, Doctor.” Sherlock replied, not quite meeting his gaze, but smirking infuriatingly all the same. “Right, I take it you’ve been given everything you need to hear?” He asked, shutting his laptop and shoving it and a few other things into a messenger bag.
Both of Sherlock’s parents are perfectly normal, welcoming and kind. John was quite surprised given the two robots they’d produced as children. Then again, his father was an alcoholic and his mother suffered from presumed Stockholm syndrome, yet he turned out pretty normal as far as he was concerned. He thanked them for the Christmas present and the Easter egg they’d sent to him whilst he was still at school, and they waved him off with a knowing smile.
“No, you- you don’t. I know that- I- Its fine.” John stammered, finally catching his thoughts.
“Because she couldn’t get to you over the summer.” She replied. “It’ll take a little while to set in. When I realised what was going on for myself I couldn’t believe it either. She told me everything.”
John grinned, glancing over at Sherlock, who was staring dead ahead, a warm sense of calmness in his eyes. “Do you get threatened often?”
John licked his lips as Sherlock stared back at him, and his eyes dropped a fraction lower for a split second before going back to Sherlocks own, his face flushing red, and he turned back to his tea.
“Well I just deduced yours.” John replied.
“Yeah, and he knows, and he knows
“It’s fine.” He replied, offering a warning glare to John who just raised his eyebrows and made a face of mock innocence.
They were on a case, chasing the criminal, John was behind Sherlock, watching his back, pistol in hand. Until he wasn’t.
John was surprised to hear that Sherlock was staying over Christmas.
To his knowledge men that were friends generally didn’t go around showing affection to one another on the regular. They were no exception. They’d been mind-numbingly stereotypical in the manners that they’d done over the past two years. It wasn’t as though the Slytherin was cold toward him, he just lacked the knowledge of human responses. But Mycroft was almost certain that the hug he’d given Greg after the match was the
“He shouldn’t have fallen.”
He felt special that he got to hear it.
John breathed out in relief, his notes were the only thing Professor Snape praised him on, considering he was useless in the practical aspect of potions. He supposed he’d also make a good practicals assistant, considering he’d all but memorised the ingredients for the ones they were learning. “Alright, when and where? I have quidditch practice too by the way.” John replied matter-of-factly.
John shrugged mimicking his actions. "Sure. I just need to let Lestrade know."
“Thank you John.”
The Slytherin swallowed, he knew he couldn’t lie to her, there wouldn’t be any point. She couldn’t help him if she didn’t know exactly what happened. “I couldn’t.”
do, never what he can. Never that he can ace a written exam with one hundred per cent, never that he can save a life in a quidditch match, never that he can put up with a Ravenclaw prick for longer than ten minutes.” Sherlock spoke, with no sign of stopping. “You look at magic as something you can’t do because you’re muggle-born and everybody has had a head-start but it’s that very thought, not your lack of experience that is holding you back. Magic comes naturally to us, we’ve known about it since cognitive thought was even established, and you didn’t know until you were twelve. But none of that should matter, because when you hold your wand and you feel that power flooding through your veins, the moment you say the incantation it should flow. But its that thought, that word,
one. “Put out the lights.” He mouthed to the older boy who raised an eyebrow. John rolled his eyes. “Just do it!” He raised his voice to a shouted whisper, pointing when Sherlock flinched as a result.
He knew it was illogical, but he felt as if when he let go, Greg would phase away from reach.
The Ravenclaw was hanging from the broom upside-down like a sloth, he was about six feet in the air, so the fall wouldn’t kill him, but he was still reluctant to let go. “Jesus, maybe you’ll need a Cleansweep, I’ve heard they’re steady. A nimbus is certainly not doing you any favours.” John was holding back laughter.
Anthea had no answers, and the hurt in his chest and the breath catching in his throat every time Greg purposely avoided him increased in their power over him.
“For coming to the match. I didn’t expect to see you there and I guess it helped a bit to know you were.” John paused a bit before continuing, unsure of how to word what he wanted to say. “Because I’m muggleborn, I don’t have family like the rest of the team, and I didn’t really have friends before you, so, thanks.”
He, to his own annoyance, was worried about John. He still hadn't let their little get together at Hogsmeade slip his mind, and it was plaguing him that something so awful had happened to somebody he cared so much about.
“That’s an assumption.”
He had no friends, he was failing every class, he was nothing. The only thing he had was quidditch, it was all he was good at, all he enjoyed, even his team gave him some sense of company, even if the most he got from them was a clap on the back for saving a goal.
Sherlock was still annoyed, but it didn’t stop him from interlacing his hand in John’s.
“You still haven’t answered my question. I asked you first,” Sherlock said, his childish grin back on his face.
John's face was now a twisted mask of lividity. His voice was still steady and in control, but that control was waning.
When he had admitted to Mycroft his plan for his and Sherlock’s anniversary weekend, the elder Holmes brother had happily offered up the family cottage in the countryside.
“I say you do it tonight,” Lestrade suggested, putting his hands into his pockets. “Get the torture over and done with. That way, you can cut your losses short if…”
Sherlock nodded, meeting John’s contented blue eyes with his, now red around the edges. “Please don’t kiss me, not now, please?” He asked, trying to steady his voice.
to be angry than it is to be scared.”
His door opening was expected, what was said, however, was quite different to what he’d anticipated.
“No, we decided to tell all her friends, Mary said she does it to all of them, she was influencing them as well. She played sly with me, I might as well return the favour. She’ll probably confront me about it tomorrow, if not tonight.”
“Mycroft Holmes.”
to the clearing in the woods, Johns old broom was still there, hidden within the hollow tree.
Shakily, John pushed himself up, shivering a little, realising now that he was stark naked and they lived in England. He watched Sherlock intently, as he left the room for a moment, coming back with a basin, and a washcloth.
He hadn’t yet mastered deducing people on the spot, it always took a minute or two to study them before he got anything of use or matter.
Considering John’s dad spent all their money on cigarettes, alcohol and take away, there was never much food in their house. So, John used his work money to pay for his own meals at school.
“Obviously, my bike is in your garage, how else am I to leave?” Sherlock replied, his voice was a low murmur and the smile on John’s face prevented him from being annoyed. He was nervous about how his pupils, and other staff members would react if they discovered the true nature of their relationship.
He cared enough to help.
Sherlock panicked then, and for the first time in his entire life he tried to take something back. He’d been wrong, he hadn’t seen the possibility of John being upset.
“Do you actually need notes for potions?” John quirked up an eyebrow at him, mimicking his tone.
Sherlock needed to change the topic, he needed to distract John before he told anyone. The best way he could think of was to anger him. When John got angry,
He had no clue what he was about to see. He wanted to avoid the temptation but once he had his eyes fixed on the mirror it was hard for him to look away.
“Exactly, yet there is the minor indent of one in your finger.”
Lydia nodded. “Also spoken like a true Gryffindor.”
“Is it possible for you to go a Quidditch game without injuring your arm?”
. Thank you, Sherlock.”
John grinned at the look of surprise on Sherlock’s face. “Danse Macabre, you told me you liked it, remember?” It had taken him forever to find the sheet music for it, but he was lucky that he only had to look at it once.
“Why?”
“Well I suppose I owe you a secret now then.” Greg replied, pausing for a minute to think, before leaning forward. “Alright I got one. Promise you won’t laugh?”
“He’s better.” Mycroft replied. “Though, what you don’t seem to notice is that now, at this point in time, you are hurting him John.”
“Sherlock? Listen to me okay? Just take deep breaths, it sounds stupid, but it’ll help, I promise.” John whispered, still holding him, rubbing gentle circles into his back. “Follow mine okay?” He offered. “Sherlock you have to agree to it or I won’t know.”
John, yes, it suited him. Sherlock could tell by the way he squinted slightly as he looked up at the first-years being sorted, that he needed glasses, but didn’t like to wear them.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Without hesitance, Sherlock knelt over her and placed a gentle kiss to her forehead, to which she giggled. In his attempt to turn and go downstairs, she tugged at his sleeve.
“It was.”
Sherlock watched in confusion as his face flushed red, because it wasn’t from the sight of the taller man in just his boxers. Usually he slept naked, but he’d spare John that experience until he was more comfortable around him
He was trying to impress her then. His t-shirts were probably the only clothing he had that looked decent with the distress in his jeans.
“You don’t know how to hold a quill, you hold it like you would hold a ballpoint pen, unused in the magic world, commonly used by muggles. As seen by the splatters, and the tears in the paper toward the beginning of each page. Half-bloods usually have some practice.”
“You smiled at her.”
“Of course, go ahead.” Sherlock replied with a nod.
He was a considerable height taller than John, a lot more noticeable now they were close up, but John supposed that was just him being below average height in the first place.
It was John’s turn to furrow his brow. “Is it correct?” He asked.
“They aren’t dating, Sherlock.”
“I didn’t do anything-“
“Hm?”
Sherlock’s father and John talked about sport, discussing the pain of hockey and mourning the mutual dents in their shins from the twats who didn’t play fair. Sherlock’s mother talked to him about school. John managed a few jokes, to his surprise they actually laughed. Sherlock argued incredulously, a ridiculous biology hypothesis against him and Mycroft.
“You boys best get comfortable.” The engineer warned them with a cheerful smile.
The trio seated themselves in one of the glass compartments, shoving their trunks under their seats as they tried to make themselves a bit more comfortable.
Greg was a bit nervous as he walked into Mycroft's apartment, he was going to be staying the night for the first time. He already had a key, for when Mycroft needed him, or he needed Mycroft in an emergency. But he’s never stayed the night.
Sherlock tried to pay attention to what John was saying, as they drove back to the Holmes residence in the family’s black car, the driver just as silent as always.
“I like it when you’re smart. I tolerate you when you’re clever.”
“Mycroft!” He yelled after him, and eventually he was heard, the taller boy turning around, eyebrow raised, and he paused where he stood long enough for John to catch up. “Mycroft!” John repeated breathlessly. “Have you seen Sherlock- I need to talk to him!”
Harry to get me that binder. You know more than anyone, hell, Sherlock, I’ve let you fuck me, but I never…
“Well put one on, then.” Sherlock replied nonchalantly, flopping back into the spinny-chair they kept for the desk, rolling back away from it as John giggled a little at him, and turned to flick through the vinyl’s they had stacked up on the desk.
He’d be spending the end of the summer holidays with the Holmes family, as Lydia had proposed to his father that they could bring him to Kings Cross in September.
John shook his head and picked up his pace again, getting to the corridor of Sherlock’s tower, where the taller boy was waiting for him, leaning against the wall.
“I am questioning my gauge on your intellect.”
If Mycroft didn’t love him… Well, where
Sherlock nodded, still listening, still hearing nothing. “There wasn’t laughter or insult after it though.”
He couldn’t ignore the slight raise of an eyebrow they got from McGonagall as they passed her in the corridor.
“Yes, if you view that as misfortune.”
“Practice ends at half past one.” He spoke quickly, almost cursing himself for seeming insistent, desperate might have been the word.
“Judging by your expression, not by any amount close enough to make this reasonable.”
So, getting hit in the face with a quaffle at quidditch practice was all it took to make him snap completely.
“I meant it when I said you were gorgeous, I thought I went too far then. That you’d know, the kiss on the cheek was probably walking on thin ice.”
“You’re my only friend, who would I tell?”
“He’s still in confinement.” The Slytherin spoke after a moment of silence. “I don’t think they’ll let him out next year.” He twisted to look at Greg properly, and the Gryffindor’s calm expression dropped the moment he saw the pure stress and frustration in Mycroft's face.
“Boring, John.” John could’ve shivered. “Where’s the interest in following the rules?”
The room they’d locked him in was in one of the towers, they’d put a lock on it that couldn’t be opened with any spell taught before seventh year, and there was a slat which could be open and shut for sound to get in and out considering the door had a silencing charm. At least it meant nobody could hear him if they walked past. He could scream, and nobody would hear a thing.
John got up silently, his walk out of the room was brisk. Sherlock glared momentarily at Mycroft, the expression disappearing the moment his parents turned back to him.
John placed his head in his hands, trying not to cry alone in a compartment on the train. He had his earphones in, listening to one of his favourite violin pieces. That probably wasn’t helping his cause in preventing the tears.
Best friend.
“What are you doing?” John muttered, but he wasn’t angry, Sherlock was warm, and surprisingly the rolled-up sleeves of the taller man’s shirt weren’t bothering him.
Somebody else’s post had dropped into his cereal, splattering it all over him, had he not been so riled up from the nightmare, he probably would’ve just wiped it off his face and poured another bowl. However, he was tensed up and tired, so rather than doing what he normally would have, he slammed his hands down on the table and stormed out of the great hall.
Mycroft couldn’t help but smile gently. “Do you want to leave?”
“Take a seat, I’ll be with you in a moment.” He spoke, his voice was baritone and hypnotising, and John sat down in the wheeled chair opposite him.
“Trust me he doesn’t.” Sherlock replied. “Speaking of Lestrade, he needs us in to account for that man we chased, Wade Johnstone.”
That was another thing he’d learned in the months of their friendship, and the thing that made the concern grow rather than dissipate.
“Yes but Sherlock mayn’t be so forgiving.” Mycroft replied, clear disdain written in his tone, it wasn’t like him to get so worked up over a matter regarding his brother.
“You’re not a doctor.”
The doctor smiled, shaking his head, turning to walk to the doors, where Sherlock was waiting for him, typing furiously on his phone. "You're ready to leave?" He asked, not even looking up.
“You’re welcome.” Sherlock smiled despite the fact John wasn’t looking at him.
“Do you mean a panic-attack?” The Gryffindor frowned.
He searched for Sherlock down the tables, to see the boy looking back at him, smirking as he tied his own scarf around his neck. John simply shook his head and grinned at him, before joining the rest of the conversation at his table.
Sherlock cocked a brow at him, sniffing in annoyance, before turning back to his book and John felt a pang of guilt in his already sick stomach. “You go between wishing I’m an idiot and praising my brilliance, how am I supposed to tell which?” The Ravenclaw replied pointedly.
“You came on your own volition. It also gives a better reason as to why two grown men would also be accompanied by a little girl. It never hurts to be specific, so long as you’re right.”
He filled the kettle, flicking it on, and preparing two mugs of tea and a hot water-bottle. Setting the pack of painkillers he had, on the plate with the biscuits he bought. Tucking the water-bottle under his arm, he played a precarious game of human Jenga as he walked up the stairs. Keeping his balance in a desperate attempt not to dribble boiling tea down his fingers.
“Pine fresh.” Mycroft cut him off, and the door swung open, before he turned on his heel, walking to the Gryffindor commons.
“Sherlock you gormless pillock! I swear to god if you-“ He stopped dead in his tracks to find Sherlock simply standing, wand somewhat sheathed in the belt loop of his jeans, looking at Mycroft with mock confusion and concern.
He frowned, realising John didn’t understand. “I can’t see it John. Its your desire, not mine.”
“You aren’t going to ask me where mine is?” The doctor asked, the kettle had finished boiling and sherlock could hear the rattle of spoons and the pouring of water. They were now back at the topic of tattoos.
The bed was empty when John woke.
“Anderson got in a scrap with him, where were you?” Lestrade answered for the Ravenclaw, who was too out of it to even argue back.
“Sarah.” John replied simply, the hint of a sob in his throat but he swallowed it down.
“Damn right.” She giggled, in what Mycroft knew wasn’t her real laughter. You boys from Hogwarts?” She asked, even though she didn’t even glance at Greg.
“And you’d be lying through your teeth.” Mycroft replied with a smirk. He was a lot of things, arrogant, clever, a smart-ass git, but
John was breathing a bit more steadily, his shaking had calmed down, his head was in Sherlocks chest, facing the floor.
“You aren’t a doctor.” John spoke pointedly.
“Holmes, Sherlock.” McGonagall called, and the boy John at seen earlier walked up to the chair, sitting in it and staring ahead like he hadn’t a nerve in his body.
Just the sight of him brought a soft smile to his face. “Dr Watson, how can I help you?”
“We were both in a state, and I didn’t get to say everything I needed to.” John replied, his voice was growing quieter.
Sighing softly, he dropped his arms from around his legs, and followed the other boys up to the dorm.
John left with the slam of the door. Sherlock flinched.
"Oh, yes, right. I'm bored." Sherlock went to put his hand on John's arm, it took him a split second to realise that would be a gesture, far out of his norm, and instead went to push his hair behind his ear. He cursed himself for being rash, as John gave him a confused glance. "I did my time, got my congratulations-"
Slytherin.”
Needless to say, when the table cleared itself and Greg was involved in a chat with his father about quidditch, john and Mycroft slipped up to the library.
“I…” Mycroft paused, hesitant of the answer and even more uncertain of whether it would be wise to tell the Gryffindor. “I’m not quite sure.” He went with, a good lie, believable; people did irrational things when they were upset. He at least wanted Greg to know that the whole ordeal had indeed upset him, though he supposed his very presence told him that.
It was later than he’d usually be home, having to make the journey from Hogwarts, to Hogwarts and back again, and he was banking on the fact that his dad would be out at the pub and he could sneak in and pretend he came in earlier when his dad asked him about it the next day.
“You just repeated the same explanation I gave you.” Sherlock replied, John ducked his head, and the younger boy smiled. “You pay attention, you’re thoughtful, you care. What you lack in quick wit you make up for in common sense. You, John Watson, you keep me right. You’re my best and only friend, and you’re the only person besides my own mother and brother to give me a Christmas present, a birthday present. Why would I not like you?”
set his original deck on fire. He was the only one, other than Mycroft, who ever played with the seeker and it pissed him off a bit when Phil had done that. He could’ve sworn Greg was ready to cry over it, but he managed not to. Mycroft looked like he was ready for murder when he found out.
The wall shifted back and slid into itself, John turned and gestured to the Ravenclaw to follow him. Once both boys were in the passage way, the door shut, and Sherlock began to speak.
John’s mind palace wasn’t one he could walk through. Sherlock had learned that after enough time.
He through his legs over the bed, and stared at the stupid fabric sling. God it was the cane all over again.
“So, do you actually need help with transfiguration?”
“Fantastic.”
“Line of sight.” Sherlock replied, glancing up at him. “Culprit was taller than her, quite a bit, my height roughly, though I can’t be sure with her laid down.”
He checked the name on the wrapping again just to be sure it was meant for him. Sure enough, there it was in neat cursive, John Watson, Gryffindor, 2
Sherlock advanced forward, he was sitting on the side of John’s bed, his face mere inches away from the doctors own. His eyes carved directly into John’s gaze, studying them. “I'm not an idiot, John Watson. Can I help you?” He asked, his voice low and sincere.
“Here.” Sherlock’s voice came again, and something soft was draped over his shoulders, falling down his back, surrounding him in a soft sense of comfort, of safety. “You’re bound to be freezing.”
“Well I don’t know where to go from there.” He laughed a little, wincing slightly as it hurt to do so. He didn’t doubt Sherlock knew he had a crush, but he’d rather wait until he didn’t feel like he was being stabbed repeatedly in the stomach before he acted on it.
“Conductor?” Mycroft asked, pushing open the door to the engine room.
He hummed as a reply and John didn’t question it. “Had to take the binder off, made me sad.”
“Get over it, like any other normal person!” John yelled back, infuriated now.
Next time. That was enough for him.
By the time Mycroft even registered what she said, she was gone, and he spoke his reply to nobody other than himself. “… I know. He always is.”
“Y-Yes.”
It didn’t seem in his manner to keep Sherlock in a place of pain if he could prevent it. He shrugged it off, he was being stupid.
“Alright.” Sherlock replied before pushing himself up, allowing John a moment to pack up his chess set.
I didn't read past the fourth book, didn't watch past the fourth film.
“Thanks.” John replied, his voice quiet. “So, you have to pull it from the back and over.” He used his right arm to show Sherlock where to put his hands. “Just be careful not to rip it, it usually doesn’t take much force and-“
He was.
Without a word, the Gryffindor yanked him up by the wrist and dragged him out, much to his protests and confusion. This was far out of character for the Gryffindor. No reply was given as the shorter boy dragged Sherlock to the secret passage to the forest.
Maybe that’s was raised the sickness in his throat, maybe that’s what roused the nightmare from the depths of his mind but blaming it on nerves for the quidditch match seemed like the easier, simpler option.
Mycroft shook his head. “Sherlock keeps his secrets, but he isn’t the only Holmes that can read people. I do it better, in fact.”
“What happened? You weren’t in class.” He spoke out of breath, he’d ran then.
His arm had since healed, he was able to use it fully now after a few weeks of easy going and no quidditch. To which he was going insane about.
He pushed John off of him almost immediately, he saw the mixture of hurt and confusion on John’s face and unlike himself, he immediately scrambled to excuse himself. “I’m sorry I can’t- I can’t- Please.”
“You know exactly what I’m talking about. Let’s start with Amortentia.” He said simply. “The love potion meant for only seventh years to brew. Let’s start with how you’ve been drugging me on it for our entire relationship.”
All the tables had been pushed together to form one union, for all of those who didn’t have family to go home to, or couldn’t go home to, to be united. John thought it was quite sweet.
“Yes, I don’t mind, are
Then it stopped, the whole commotion stopped, and it felt like time froze as Greg’s body stopped falling.
He knew John loved Christmas, he hadn’t really had a good one since his mother passed away, but he chose to focus and hold onto the times when she was.
“It’s fine, John.” Sherlock spoke, turning on his side, pressing his lips gently to the nape of John’s neck. “Mycroft stop loitering!” He called, after he moved away from John’s ear.
“Make me, Watson.”
His skin prickled at the cold as it swept over his bare arms, so he grabbed his dressing gown from the foot of his bed, slipping his feet into his slippers and walking down the staircase silently. If he was honest with himself, this was around the time he’d usually make a cup of tea, have a row with the photographs, run an experiment.
The doctor jumped, stumbling back as a searing pain jabbed its way through his skin into his shoulder, he pressed his hand to it, to stop the bleeding, to cry out for help, but then steady hands were on his shoulders, and pale green eyes met dark blue. He was still in his living room.
“That’s… That’s how I always do it.”
Greg gave him a pointed look. “Oi, I might keep it from you for being a smartarse.”
Greg sighed and kissed Mycroft on the cheek, he hated when the other implied he insulted him. “Yes, love, I know but that’s not the point. For seconds, Sherlock, no doubt, will pick up on why
“If you’d like.”
“Yep. Powdered root of asphodel and infusion of wormwood makes?”
“I don’t know if any of it even matters-  Be-Because Dumbledore wants to talk to you and they talked about snapping your wand and suspension and expelling you and I didn’t hear much else and I-“ He was pacing, John, was pacing. His hands found his hair, running through it as his words sped up and his breathing quickened, he sounded on the verge of tears.
But when it was this time of year, who was going to say anything?
The smile on Greg’s face made it worth enduring the tiresome repetition that most muggle games relied on.
John pushed his head back into the mattress as he worked himself up again, using his thumb and forefinger to jerk himself off. "Do you have-"
“Yes, it’s alright,” he murmured. “It’s very…. you.”
Repairing it.
By the time they separated, both men had tears misting in their eyes.
"I never asked you to...." Sherlock began, but he was abruptly cut off.
This was how it always started.
“No…no we need to stop,” he said.
But it was the detective’s hair that caught John’s eye. Sherlock’s fly-away curls had been tamed with product, making them sleeker and sharper.
“I’ve always seen emotions as signs of deficiency. Chemical reactions to your surroundings that could easily be fought off if you tried hard enough. And before you ask, I have no idea where it stems from. Please spare me the psycho-analysis,”
“Yeah, well, that’s where I come in,” John said, squeezing Sherlock’s hand.
“I have two perfectly functioning hands. I can serve myself,” Sherlock whined, taking hold of John’s carving knife.
When Sherlock came back out, he had a plate of food in one hand and the bottle of whiskey in the other.
John's shock and anger, complete with cartoonish jaw movements, only served as fodder for Sherlock to continue.
He knew what he had to do.
“When are you going to do it?” Lestrade asked.
“I have to do it right now,” he told the empty toilet. He forced a smile onto his face to stop the tears from falling and walked out of the toilet.
*****
“You boys have any plans for the weekend?” Lestrade asked.
"And when I run my brain raw trying to keep you happy when you sit in that goddamn chair of yours, brooding over nothing, it is categorically all about FUCKING ME!"
In two strides, John had crossed the kitchen and wrapped his arms around Sherlock's neck. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John's waist and pressed their foreheads together. Another eternity passed as they lost themselves in each other's eyes. Sherlock's oceans meeting John's forests.
Sherlock was trying to keep up his annoyed façade but, more than likely due to the alcohol began to laugh.
That he could scan and save how whole he felt at this moment.
Sherlock paused for a moment before nodding. John then gently took Sherlock’s hand and guided it under his shirt onto his bare chest, right over his heart.
Who blamed him when that fantasy blew up in his face.
“You’re welcome!” Lestrade called after the detective.
"Your vacant little brain can AFFORD to just dismiss my work or ANY pursuit of knowledge. Mine cannot!" Sherlock shouted.
"Oh, hello John," Abigail said, her voice becoming pleasant. "It's been a while. How are you?"
"Sherlock, I'm sorry, but do you know how many times I've opened that fridge to find remnants of your little experiments? Some of them are not quite human. So you'll forgive me if I moved the damn eyeballs!"
John sighed, feeling a lump beginning to form in his throat.
Sherlock’s long, slender fingers began gently stroking John’s chest and abdomen, and the doctor almost almost forgot his own name. Sherlock’s face was so close that John could feel the detective’s shaky breath. It was no issue for John to capture his beloved’s lips in a kiss. The kiss was deep and passionate, but also gentle and reassuring.
Sherlock let out a laugh dripping with venom and sarcasm, and rubbed his eyes.
“Now you have to answer mine,” John said.
“Thank you,” John murmured.
To quote Mrs. Hudson, it was all so domestic.
He was giving Sherlock his most fatherly look. But there was no hiding the fondness underneath.
“It’s so beautiful,” he murmured. “I hope you didn’t bankrupt yourself.”
Dinner couldn’t have turned out better if John had bribed a deity. Sherlock dug into his roast like he hadn’t eaten in weeks. The quiet that surrounded them made the event all the more intimate. The pair made eyes at each other all the while, making the other giggle like school children. When Sherlock left to grab seconds, John looked out into the distance and thought the words “Thank you” as hard as he could.
"Christ, Sherlock" John said, slowly getting up. "What's wrong?"
He turned back to the cottage, his gaze falling on the semi-set table on the porch. He had to make the best of every moment. Quickly shaking himself and rubbing his eyes, John walked back towards the house.
"Absolutely.... because when I picked up your sodding chips for you at 2 AM, that was about me,"
He came outside to find Sherlock sitting at one end of the table, taking in the surroundings, as well as the beginnings of the sunset. To John’s delight, the detective’s eyes popped open upon seeing the food.
“I’m cleaning out all of his cold case files, and I’m fighting anyone who tries to stop me,” Sherlock said as he got up. He offered John his hand and helped him up. John put his hands on Sherlock’s hips and looked softly up at the detective.
John nodded, smirking. “Sholto. But I repressed the experience. I repressed the feelings. I threw it all in the bin and ignored it. But what we have…. I can’t repress that.”
“I try not to, love,” John said. “I just wish you would slow down and take care of yourself.”
It never failed to surprise John how well they fit together. John traced his fingers up Sherlock’s chest and deftly unbuttoned his shirt. The two separated for a second, allowing John to sit back on his heels. Sherlock was lying back in the pillows, his cheeks red and lightly gasping. Sweat was lightly glinting on the cut muscles in his abdomen.
“It was…overwhelming,”
John then went one step further and kissed Sherlock, caressing the back of the detective's neck. Sherlock gladly accepted the kiss…and then did something unexpected. He wrapped his arms around John’s waist and lifting the doctor off his feet! John gasped as his legs cinched themselves around Sherlock’s hips. He only relaxed when he felt the barrier underneath him. John started giggling uncontrollably, causing him to break the kiss.
Once John had ensured that their dinner wouldn’t explode if left alone, the two men took their drinks outside. Twilight was just creeping onto the horizon and the sun lowering in the sky cast a soft magenta glow over the sprawling fields and trees. Sherlock had eagerly taken John’s offer of dissecting his organizational habits when intoxicated, and John was happy to let him babble on. Seeing Sherlock comfortable enough to unpack his thoughts and feelings (as slightly condescending and sardonic as they were) made John feel more than a little warm inside.
stupefy Molly Hooper, he had a solid alibi. The staff were just so useless as to not figure out who the real culprit was, instead opting for the easiest option, to confine his little brother.
A small bit of worldly irony, John resisted the urge to smile, even just a little.
“Hey! You have a record player!” John called out to Sherlock. They were in the treehouse, Sherlock, Mycroft and their father had made it years ago in Conrad’s attempt to make his son’s more amenable to the outdoors. Sherlock decided that it was the best place to go when his parents went to bed and they wanted to talk.
“God dammit,” He muttered under his breath. “Uhm, racing heart, feeling weak, faint, or dizzy. Tingling, tremoring or numbness in the hands and fingers. Chest pains. Breathing difficulties. Feeling a loss of control.” He counted them off on his fingers, his voice growing quieter the more he realised that what he was describing was almost exactly what he had experienced.
“Even coke?” She asked, crawling off John and sitting on the end of her bed so her tiny button nose was nearly against Sherlock’s own. Her deep blue eyes the mirror image of her father’s as she looked at him like a lie detector.
John didn’t reply, instead he reached blindly for Sherlocks hand. He could barely contain a smile, knowing it wasn’t the time, but John clumsily linked their fingers together, squeezing like he needed it more than he needed air. He wouldn’t admit it, but he was secretly so fucking pleased.
“I’m not opposed to
They were nice.
“You would.”
“My hand is shaking.”
The loud sonorous call of the announcer bellowed out across the bleachers, and the two teams drew out onto the field.
“Tomorrow I think, Sherry is going positively mad having to wait.” She gave Mycroft a knowing look that made his stomach drop.
John took a breath, huffing it out in a sigh, dropping his head back down to his lap. He wanted to speak, he wanted to tell him, tell him everything, tell him about the nightmares and the panic attacks. Tell him about the words and thoughts that had begun to take over his entire mindset. But the words seem to just catch in his mouth and he could feel that same anxiety building up in his throat, turning his stomach.
“No.” John replied curtly, snatching his hand back, now healed correctly. “See, I told you, you have
He thought it would take place after a case, yes. But he thought it would be because John was hyped up on adrenaline and lost all cognitive thoughts. He thought it would happen in the heat of the moment and go unspoken for years to come.
“I’m fine. I-I’m okay.” John pushed himself up, sitting staring back at Sherlock, before wiping the tears of his face, cursing himself for his weakness. “Go back to work, don’t let me-“ He groaned pressing the heels of his hands into his eyes, as if it would supress the sounds in his head. “Don’t let me distract you.”
“I guess it’s a book.” John laughed as he took the very square, book-shaped present from his friend.
“I don’t know…” He muttered, leaning back into his chair, glancing through the messy blonde mop of hair at the teacher. His friends seemed to find it quite amusing, but this is where things began to get quite fun, he could see how it would pan out.
trying to get over you and you were hardly making it any easier for her.”
“Well I don’t suppose a man who hasn’t had a period for a decade-and-a-half owns any sanitary products. Sanitary towels if my guess is correct, do you want anything else?” Sherlock asked, his words quick, tying his scarf, his mouth quirked up into an amused smirk.
“Draught of living death.”
“You’re from an unloving household. Your dad is an alcoholic, your brother potentially likewise. You don’t like your brother, maybe because he left his wife, maybe you like his wife, maybe you don’t like his drinking. Your mother isn’t in the picture.” Sherlock spoke, keeping his voice down but speaking quickly, careful to annunciate in the hope that John would keep up. It was difficult for his mouth to keep up with his brain as it worked studying every inch of John that he could see in the hopes that he wouldn’t miss anything out.
Sherlock’s parents had gone out of their way to get John a present. Just because he was Sherlock’s friend.
“Yes, I’ll help you.”
It was as if the events of the morning hadn’t even taken place. It was as if the events of the afternoon were perfectly reasonable.
There was an odd sense of serenity, as they stood there for a moment in somewhat contented silence. Footsteps and voices rattling outside but they were alone, save for the other.
be idiotic. “I doubt it.” Yet again, his hands were shaking as he unwrapped the gift.
John’s stomach dropped as he came to a realisation even Mycroft hadn't made yet. “Nobody went back to check on him. Oh god- I slammed the door and it locked I never thought- they didn’t say I was the one letting him out.” He spoke rapidly trying desperately to justify himself, both to the other boys and his own inner judgement.
She had him wrapped around her little finger and he knew it fine rightly.
“I’ll be down momentarily.” Sherlock murmured to him as he walked past.
John rolled his eyes with a grin. “Quite.”
They were a strange pair, but nobody could really deny how good they were for each other.
“Don’t be, tell me about it, why does it upset you?”
“What for?” John asked, laughing sadly.
John pulled gently at his hair, and he raised his head, eyes making contact with Johns own, and the doctor lost his breath. He was struggling to think as he stared at Sherlock. He couldn't think of a better way to phrase it. "I'm not- I'm not a re-"
He licked his lips, realising his mouth felt like sand.
“What? Sherlock?”
“That’s fair. I'm just… I dunno.”
His breathing quickened as his vision went cloudy and his body threatened to go limp and slip of the broom, he managed to guide himself down before he fell completely, rolling on the grass like he was boneless before coming to a halt, chest heaving.
“I don’t have friends.” Sherlock replied, his voice almost becoming a his as he scowled at John, the word
“We got in a row. I said something really nasty to him,
Before he could stop himself he glanced to the crowds of people, skimming for Sherlock. He had a moment of disdain when he couldn’t find him. Had he not shown? It wasn’t a surprise, Sherlock didn’t much care for quidditch, but he’d hoped that, now they were boyfriends, he might come. He’d come to games before, but he’d stopped once it became boring. John supposed that’s why he wasn’t here, or why John couldn’t see him.
“And you’re the best friend of said weirdo, so I think that’s a good judge of your character.”
“Drag me anywhere near Puddifoots and I’ll shank you.”
“Until they let him out of isolation, I’m going to keep him company.” John replied like it was obvious, in truth it really should have been. They were allowing John to stay with him because they trusted Sherlock enough that he wouldn’t hurt the Gryffindor, and they trusted John enough that they didn’t think he was involved.
“Are you alright?” John asked.
After 45 minutes of frantic scrambling and questioning why he brought them and ingredient prepping, John allowed himself to sit down.
Before his brain could change its mind, John found himself recounting everything to his therapist. All of it. Tears were pooling on his cheekbones by the time he finished.
Incredibly attractive.
“I’ve never been with a bloke before. Well… not seriously,”
John nodded, composing himself.
The two looked at each other before launching themselves into an embrace. They held each other hard, willing their bodies to meld together. When they pulled apart, they kissed each other with relief, love, and infinite happiness.
And how had he repaid the detective?
“Happy anniversary, John.”
“I’m holding you to it,” John said.
"It is really not getting through your silly little mind, is it?"
Sherlock separated from John and turned to face him. His shoulders were slightly tense, and he looked suddenly nervous.
“He makes it so easy, that boy,” Lestrade said.
“Honestly, I don’t know,” John said, his chest suddenly feeling very tight. “I don’t even know what I’m going to say or how to bring it up.”
John then presented Sherlock his open palm.
John, feeling his throat beginning to constrict with emotion, only nodded.
But did the second chance deserve him?
“I love you, John Watson. Watson…. Holmes?”
“I just want to make it abundantly clear that I’m still awake,” Sherlock murmured. “My ears are still fully functional.”
John felt his smile grow. “Of course, I will. A thousand times, yes!”
“I’ve also fallen asleep to the memory of your extraordinary best man speech. It was… it was the first truly validating thing that anyone had ever told me. You also prevented the murder of a dear friend of mine, which was much appreciated.”
“And you’ll enjoy every second of it!” John replied, in kind.
"I'll be in the shower. You can join me, if you feel so inclined."
“But you wouldn’t have me any other way?” Sherlock asked, a tinge of worry in his voice.
John could see that the first three buttons of Sherlock’s (now crinkled) shirt were open. There were tiny droplets of sweat sliding down his neck and were pooling on his upper chest. John would be lying to himself if he said that he didn’t find this the least bit tantalizing.
***********
“You looked so happy and engrossed that I didn’t want to interrupt you. Plus, you look so adorable when you’re buzzed.”
“You’re not disappointing me. You could never do that.”
“Sholto?” Sherlock asked, rubbing his eyes with bridged fingers.
Only through a gentle poking on his face did Sherlock come back down to Earth.
“Not even close,” John whispered, snuggling back into Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock smiled his flirty smile and winked before turning and walking into the bathroom. John waited a beat before placing his phone back on the table and following Sherlock.
"How long have you been standing there?" John asked.
Sherlock hugged his pillow harder.
The two men’s eyes never left each other
“How are you, love?” he murmured.
Sherlock didn’t have to articulate it. John knew what he was implying.
"Ummm... to be completely honest, not well."
And he’d already walked away from Sherlock too many times.
"Unlike you, the idea of spending my days tapping drivel into a computer and running through facts about the sun and the moon, I slave away trying to keep my brain from dissolving into any semblance of everyone else's. But that's exactly what you seem set on doing. Because it's all about you!"
“I love you,” John whispered, planting another kiss on Sherlock’s cheek. “I love you so much.”
Sherlock nodded while sliding a knuckle under his eyes to remove the tears drying there.
It was now Sherlock’s turn to be shocked as John slid onto one knee in front of him. His eyes looked like they were verging on popping out of his head.
A little extra something to wrap up this little passion project of mine. I'd like to thank Prune_Cobbler for the inspiration.
Sherlock nodded. “I just…needed a shower. And to clear my head,”
John excused himself to go to the washroom while Sherlock promised to clean up the table. He made it into the toilet and closed the door before he slid down onto the floor. The barrier in his mind tumbled to the ground and every painful memory from the last few years slammed into him. His wedding day, his confusion when Sherlock left, his miserable life with Mary, every horrible thing he had done to Sherlock in the wake of her death…
Sherlock nodded, a fresh wave of tears coming down his face. “I don’t want you to leave if I do something wrong. I know that I don’t understand everything.”
human. More than you realize or care to admit,”
“I promise it was just today,” the detective said. “I could outline my meals for the last two days, down to the calories.”
The last thing that John felt before falling asleep was Sherlock pressing a soft kiss to his head.
Suddenly, Sherlock’s knees jerked up and he roughly pushed John away from him.
After a few more seconds, Sherlock gently pulled his fingers out from under John’s shirt.
“Greg,” John said, his tone quickly turning military captain. “I appreciate that you’re trying to help. But I can’t go there. I can’t.”
Despite the underlying feeling of terror in his stomach, John had never felt more excited nor more satisfied. He sat on the steps and lost himself in thought.
"At no point do I EVER ask you to prostrate yourself at my feet and coddle me like a child," Sherlock shouted.
God, he wished his beloved would slow down…
“On special occasions, people tend to indulge in alcohol. I don’t see why we can’t be any different.”
“That’s what you get for mocking me,” Sherlock said smugly.
John laughed. “I would be insulted if you didn’t. As long as you’re yourself,”
“It’s not that,” Sherlock said annoyedly. “It’s just… it’s just that… I don’t even know why I bother!”
The millisecond that it took for Sherlock to realize the joke was not lost on John, making him laugh. Upon seeing Sherlock’s smile slip away, John sobered.
John reached up to find Sherlock’s hand, intertwined their fingers and squeezed.
John was so stunned that he barely realized that he had rolled off of Sherlock. Sherlock’s voice was hoarse and choked. He sounded angry, annoyed and…scared.
"Do you have ANY idea how long I had been collecting data on those? I was testing blood coagulation and now my experiment is completely ruined!"
John went back inside and took two quick shots of whiskey. As the golden alcohol slid down his throat, warming it in the process, he decided to get moving on the preparations. He slid a foldable table out from its place next to the fridge and brought it outside. He then set about bringing out all of the best cutlery, china, and miscellaneous objects that he’d raided from the flat, and quickly set the table.
........
John could only shake his head and raise his index finger for Sherlock to wait. He shoved his hands into his pocket and pulled out the box that had been weighing on him for weeks. He managed to flip the box open, despite his swimming eyes to reveal the ring inside.
Beautiful.
John had years of confusion and shame on the tip of his tongue, but he couldn’t explain any of it. Sherlock’s eyes had visibly clouded over and had become stormy.
John slipped the ring onto Sherlock’s finger, marvelling at how perfectly it fit him.
Sherlock finally let out his breath and looked at John, the tears finally spilling down his face.
John stopped kissing him long enough to look into his eyes. They were glinting with school boy mischief.
And then her true identity was revealed. Lies upon lies upon manipulation so thick that you could cut through it.
The plate crashing against the wall behind him brought him back to the present. Sherlock was inches away from his face, his blue eyes icy with terror and his curls a chaotic mess around his cheeks.
The doctor poured their drinks while Sherlock dug into his food.
percent,” John murmured. There was no questioning his statement.
John could not believe that he remembered the steps after all these years. The two men fell into step and were perfectly in sync with the music. John allowed his head to rest on Sherlock’s chest and the detective instinctively held him tighter, resting his head on John’s.
“Will you promise to tell me if something is wrong?”
Sherlock’s hands were tracing the back of his neck. “Yes. This night has been beyond my wildest dreams. Thank you, John.”
John could feel a sad smile spreading on his face. Sherlock was finally succumbing to a week’s worth of sleep deprivation.
How was he going to survive the weekend if Sherlock…?
"John! What in God's name did you do?" shouted Sherlock. He was standing in the doorway, his blue eyes blazing.
“This…this is fantastic,” Sherlock said.
After placing his empty mug and plate on the floor, John let himself slip under the covers, appreciating how warm he felt. He lolled his head to the right to look at Sherlock. The detective had sunk so low into the pillows that he was basically on his back. His curls were mussed all around his face and there was a heat flush rising on his cheeks because of the duvet. His eyes were so narrowed that his eyelashes were almost resting on his cheeks.
John snorted and quickly covered his mouth as he watched Sherlock make a bee-line for the cottage.
John grabbed a pillow himself and hugged it, mimicking Sherlock.
“If everything goes to shit, these memories will carry me.” John thought.
“Of course, …. If you want to.”
The second that the words were out of his mouth, John felt a lightning strike of regret shoot through him. Sherlock’s face had crumpled, and his previously relaxed posture had tensed. A moment of awkward silence passed between them that made John want to bury himself in the ground.
The doctor let Sherlock take his hand and slip the ring on his finger (after almost putting it on the wrong finger).
The reason for his extreme nervousness.
God, it was a wonder that smoke didn’t actually come out of his ears!
He then went on to inspect the ring on his finger.
“Gregory, do you know a John Watson?” He asked, taking the hand of cards the half-blood dealt him.
Sherlock had brought a book with him to read in order to give John some semblance of privacy, though he did glance up from time to time, whether it was to see tears or a smile, mostly a combination of both. However, instead of reading, he managed to find some parchment paper hastily shoved between the back page from the cover.
John groaned in frustration, and partially in pain.
John got up grabbing his phone from the coffee table, where Sherlock had left it, leaving the living room to call. He knew Sherlocks order by now.
Dont know how good this is but it exists to here you go.
Then he went to Hogwarts and drowned.
He knew what howlers were, he knew they were more commonly found in letters, but he’d seen a girl get a howler in the form of a gift box, her mother had sent it to catch her off guard. Apparently she’d set fire to her sister’s hair before she got on the train. According to McGonagall, that present ranked seventh on the scale of loudest howlers ever sent.
“I didn’t expect
“I'm innocent.” He repeated to himself.
Sherlock glared at him, knowing he be too slightless from his own rage that he wouldn’t see the tears in Sherlock’s eyes. "
His breathes were uneven, and his face was hot, he needed to get away from everybody now. People were staring at him, as he pushed himself up and grabbed his broom.
“Hiding and watching.”
He appreciated the gift, and he was sure he would like it, he just didn’t understand it.
John had a very good knack for changing the subject like it had never been awkward. Sherlock also knew he had a knack for dwelling on a subject when it bothered him.
“It always helps to be sure.”
Johns hand tightened in Sherlocks hair and despite knowing it would, it still caught him off guard and he gasped, allowing John to use his tongue.
feelings had been revealed. Sherlocks remained safely locked away in a small box in the very back of his mind palace, where he’d thrown it and left it to rot since his first year at Hogwarts.
“Kitchen!” Mycroft called back, and Greg walked in to see a bottle of wine on the table, and when he inhaled he finally clocked on to the smell of something good.
“I don’t know. I'm not really good at much.” He replied honestly, trying not to acknowledge the shocked look on both Conrad and Lydia’s faces.
Sherlock didn’t reply, but lifted the watch from the box, and clasped it around his wrist. John smiled contently when Sherlock looked back at him.
“I could write to father, but Sherlock would have me dead if I told him about what happened.”
“I try my best.” There was a moment of silence and Mycroft noticed something stirring in Greg’s head, he always tended to furrow his brow when he was thinking. "Do you want me to try? No offense love, but he’s my best mate and…”
“I know but I couldn’t do that- It’d ruin her life and I don’t want to- I can’t-“ His speech was becoming erratic and his breathing began to speed up.
Sherlock cut him off. “Rosie, don’t forget your spellings.” He added quickly, ruffling her hair and poking out his tongue at her. “Afternoon.” This time he pressed a kiss to John’s temple before standing up, throwing his coat on as he ran out the door.
It’d been nearly a year since then, so many events, mishaps, close calls, all calculated of course. And it still hadn’t changed.
“Sounds good, but I'm not leaving until you say it.” A coy smile crept onto John’s lips and Sherlock knew immediately what he was getting at.
John huffed out a breath of cold air, before walking through the doors of the school. It was the parent-teacher evening at his daughter’s school and he was quite nervous.
“You aren’t, I’m sorry, I’m being a prick.” John replied, placing a hand over his eyes as tears threatened to well up, Sherlock sighed gently, feeling guilt stir in his stomach, decided get off the bed and sit down beside him. “It’s not your fault, its mine, I should’ve seen it, I barely liked her as a friend, even when she joined the team. I’m just angry, I feel so stupid…”
John was with Greg, they were in a pub on Diagon Alley, Greg offered to go with John to get his school books, considering Sherlock had all of Mycroft's old hand-me-downs and had no need to go. Sherlock being Sherlock, didn’t object and John left his phone for Sherlock to mess about with.
“I’d pay to see it.”
“You don’t know that.”
“I still can’t believe you did this for me.”
“Yes, with you, we look like a gay couple with a daughter, it’s quite easy for me to watch out the window and make conversation at the same time without raising suspicion.” He replied, his voice was low and melodic, baritone and frustratingly relaxing.
For a start he wasn’t even sure what he liked about the man. Or maybe there were too many things to choose from.
John pushed himself away from Sherlock’s hold, standing up and rubbing his eyes. It took him a minute to come to his senses before responding. “Uhm actually, I was wondering if I could sit with you? You’re pretty good at calming me down before matches.” He turned toward the secret door in the tree, so Sherlock couldn’t see how his face went hot after the request.
John would complain if he started to tear the kitchen apart.
John nodded, pushing himself up and closing the ensuite door behind him.
“Greg…” Mycroft spoke softly this time. It wasn’t often he used a nickname in regards to his friend, but somehow the stern and cold
“Does your head hurt?” He asked, Promfrey had told him it might happen.
“I try.” John replied with an amused hum, and the soft roar of the kettle sounded from the kitchen. The fridge opened. “A foot.
“So how do you plan on teaching me to fly?”
close, he already had somebody to fall back on.
Rather than telling her that though, he decided to state the obvious again, quite surprised she was missing all of it. “What other choice do I have? He’s my best friend.”
can she do that?”
“Ah, ah, ah.” Mycroft replied half-heartedly, resting his hand on his fist, and waving over the bartender.
“Your brother didn’t say exactly what you were missing, so I’m gonna need you to tell me that part.”
And so he did.
Mycroft found his lips against Greg’s once again.
There was a reason he never used that bathroom. He couldn’t bear to face the memories again.
“How do you know about my therapist?”
Harry didn’t believe him, he honestly didn’t blame her. Despite the fact that he’d been gone the entire year, and they hadn’t anywhere near the money for him to go to a boarding school, she still didn’t get it. For the most part she didn’t take interest in him when he came home, but he nearly shit himself when she found his wand, waving it about and teasing him for it. He knew wands were only meant for one person, but he wasn’t sure that she couldn’t do any damage with it, having the small potential to be a squib. She didn’t find it so funny when her hair caught fire.
He didn’t even have that many likeable qualities to begin with, what she saw in him outside of his birth date was a mystery he couldn’t be bothered to solve.
“Yes. I’ll be your boyfriend.”
“Because the John I moved in with is not the right one. Now we’re flatmates, and continuous exposure to one another is going to lead to some unwanted romantic ideas, and yet again I will have to look for a new flatmate. And for the
“It’s the mirror of Erised.” Sherlock explained, shoving his hands in his pockets. “What do you see?”
, so she used an abbreviation of his name to display the same affection.
“I’ll just live forever then.”
John smiled gently, pride written on his face, and Sherlock smiled back knowing he was right. “Why don’t you open it and check?”
“You alright? Strange to see you and Sarah not together, I at least thought you’d’ve been with Sherlock.” He replied, and his cheery disposition was enough to dampen John’s mood even more. “Problems? I thought she seemed a bit miffed.”
Considering the Gryffindor didn’t appear to be planning on a reply, Mycroft did instead. “The one and only. I take it you went, Hufflepuff, no?” He could’ve gagged, meaningless talking that would inevitably be forgotten made his stomach turn, but if he told her to piss off, he doubted she’d be too kind in letting them stay.
“I got dressed myself today.” She told him excitedly, bouncing on the spot. She was wearing a pair of jeans, and a power-rangers t-shirt, and her wellington boots, also yellow.
A few people in his year tried to talk to him, but he didn’t pay them much attention, instead choosing to pull his knees to his chest and study those around him.
“But? Mycroft you were fucking head boy! A prefect! You knew the whole time and didn’t say anything!?” Greg was furious now, he stood up with so much force that the chair knocked against the wall behind him.
“Get what?” John replied, his face tinting pinker than it had been before.
“You could teach me how to fly.”
She was. She could. She did.
“No, I suppose not.” Even in the dark of the tunnel, the smug grin on John’s face was visible.
“Apart from Ethan.” Philip replied, bite to his voice and the teenager on the other side of the room pretended like he hadn't heard it, continuing to stare down at the notes despite the fact that they hadn't written anything yet.
“How do I say that?” Sherlock asked, opening the box, realising if he said it wrong John would find it immediately hilarious, he’d learned his lesson after the television incident.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, confused. “What?”
“I still don’t know about this Sherlock.”
Dinner with the Holmes family was nicer than he expected.
“Speak up, I didn’t hear you.”
“Right.”
Outside the window a family caught his eye. A tall ginger boy, presumably a sixth or seventh year, standing aside his little brother, or so John presumed. They didn’t look anything alike, the younger had dark brown curls, that contrasted his pale skin, his nose was considerably less prominent than his elder’s and John couldn’t quite make out his eyes. John would’ve said they were in the same year had it not been that John hadn’t seen him during the past year.
He did a double take and paused for a minute, unable to believe what he’d just heard.
John pulled his phone out of the pocket of his shorts, a string of earbuds following. His phone lit up against his face and he squinted, turning the brightness down quickly in case Sherlock opened his eyes again.
John followed him as he twisted through the crowd, having to run in places to keep up with the taller boy, damn his short legs.
“Somebody cursed it.” Mycroft replied as he reached the realisation, to his knowledge snitches weren’t normally supposed to cause injury to the holder.
Sherlock did exactly that, trailing his hands lower, he pressed his palm solid against John's crotch, pushing the packer through the fabric of his trousers, against his skin, and he shuddered.
“Uhm, Sherlock?” He asked, feeling his face flush red again as the taller man looked up at him, he’d been in the middle of undoing his belt, he stared momentarily in confusion before it clicked in his head.
“Oh shut up.”
to go home.
He knew Sherlock hadn’t told him. But he knew just as well that Mycroft would’ve known the moment he set foot in the dining room, nevertheless opened his mouth.
The prefect didn’t speak for a while, to allow himself to breathe, and Greg, to his word, didn’t press anything or ask any questions.
Five minutes to the hour, John came rushing in through the doors, eyes quickly trained to Sherlock and even through his haze he recognised guilt and worry in John’s reactions to him.
“John! Mate are you okay?” Greg called as he ran over, Johnstone hot behind him, the rest of the team still in the air.
When he stepped out of the shower, towel around his waist he nearly screamed.
fine. That John wasn't fine with it.
His phone was almost dead, but he didn’t care, he needed to get out of there.
Sherlock hummed in agreement. “Yes. Police work. Lestrade’s brought me in, because the police are out of their depth.” He was sitting fairly close to John, their legs side by side, and his arm was draped over the back of John’s chair. They were facing the window, and every time John looked at the teacher, he was studying the street outside.
Sarah, of course, knew all about what happened, she’d badgered John to tell her the moment he stepped back into the Gryffindor commons. He didn’t particularly think she had any right to know, considering all she’d ever done in regards to Sherlock was give him dirty looks. He told her anyway, because she was his girlfriend and it would be rude to hide it from her. So, when an official looking letter just about missed his bowl, she was just as, if not more, excited than he was.
“Yes, I would like that.”
That’s the way it was for a while, normal. He went through with his classes, took his exams. He, Greg and Anthea (and Irene if she felt like it but Mycroft tried his best to avoid talking to her) sat in a group at meals. And he and Greg still did the extra practice routine, even if Mycroft ended up having to watch for a few minutes before he could get Greg to come down.
“I got a tin of sweetcorn.” She replied, her tongue just poking out between her teeth as she concentrated on colouring in the lines.
“Of course, I remember.” John replied, his voice was mumbled and with a quick glance up it was obvious John had caught on, his cheeks tinted pink and his ears quite red.
He woke up on Saturday morning, squinting at the clock, it read 6:23. Mycroft wasn’t in bed, and he sat up, seeing a sliver of light spread over the hardwood floor and up the walls.
“I always do.”
, he could handle himself just fine. He was twelve years old now for crying out loud.
Sherlock perked up at that, dropping his wrists to his sides again, not looking up. “Oh? Who was the culprit? I didn’t want to point fingers but she’s been friendly with a few fourth years recently and they would be likely for the strength of the-“
“Molly,” John clarified. “You aren’t sending her a valentine.”
“For what?” The Gryffindor asked.
She’d been very adamant to tell him that they were not under any circumstances to feed the ducks bread, she’d confiscated the tin of sweetcorn he was going to use for their dinner last night much to his inherent annoyance, but he allowed it nonetheless. In the end it was her that was grumbling given her distaste for peas.
all the angst boiiis all the angst
John dropped the paper into his lap, hand reaching to press against his shoulder, as if sherlock could see the tattoo, if it wasn’t completely obliterated by the shot. “Okay how did you do that?” He asked, slight annoyance in his tone, Sherlock wasn’t sure why, he at least knew he was correct.
Sherlock grunted in annoyance as the doors to the Ravenclaw commons opened. He’d been falling slowly through his mind palace, drooping to the floor in one of the rooms, ready to fall asleep, almost there, until a familiar hand shook his shoulder.
Usually he loved this, the quickening pace, the adrenaline rush through his veins but he couldn’t feel it.
“I don’t know.” Sherlock managed, blinking as he tried to get his vision to focus.
Other days John wouldn’t want nothing but his attention, taking his hand every chance he got, any form of contact he could get.
He laughed at that. “My dad’s flat barely has a book in it besides maybe a porno mag, never mind a full library. Yeah its pretty swank, mate.”
John shook his head, before following the man, closing the door behind him. He managed to get himself sat at the small table by the kitchen.
He had so many things he needed to talk about and no way to word them. Nobody who cared to ask.
“Its nice.” She said once she finished it.
They sat in Sherlock’s tower, it looked less like a prison now Sherlock wasn’t necessarily under quarantine, he had some bookshelves and a fire and his bedframe had been replaced with wood rather than the scantily clothed metal one he had that dug into his back with the thin mattress.
The Slytherin grabbed his phone from his messenger bag, still holding it like it was alien, his forefinger on the hand that wasn’t holding it did most of the work on the screen. His held it to his ear like a normal person, which was a relief. “Hello father, yes theres been an altercation- Sherlock’s been left at the castle so we’re going back for him- You know his usual behaviour, yes there is a need for all of us to be going, John especially- You best go home, there is a chance we mayn’t be home before tomorrow…” He winced visibly and pulled his phone away slightly as Mr Holmes yelled loud enough for Greg and John to hear the muffled noise of his voice. “Yes- Yes I know, goodbye.”
Sherlock coughed something that sounded suspiciously like “Liar.” Before taking a drink of water. “Sorry, dry throat.” He excused it as, and John kicked him under the table, noticing him try to stifle a grin.
The impact of the slap echoed before the stinging emerged, before he could react there was a punch to his head and the room started spinning as the back of his skull slammed against the wall behind him, a hit to the stomach doubled him over, one hand clutching his stomach and the other on his head, he was crying now but there was no stopping it. Another dig to the stomach had him collapsed.
“Disarm him and deck him in the face if he tries to kill you, won’t you?” Sherlock replied, and John grinned at him, shaking his head. He supposed Sherlock had realised that his posh accent paired with slang was highly entertaining. “Your disarmament charm was quite good the last time we practiced. Flitwick was impressed if I remember right.”
To his utmost surprise, Sherlock was there also, Mycroft presumed his study date with John Watson had gone well, considering there wasn’t a reason for him to be here otherwise.
“Oh yes, of course, how could I be so stupid- what is that?”
Until the day before Halloween. That’s when danger decided to strike.
He was bored.
Sherlock didn’t know what he wanted, and the sorting hat didn’t know where to put him. He had the bravery of a Gryffindor, the cunning of a Slytherin and the wisdom of a Ravenclaw, yet no idea which he was more partial to. Mycroft was surprised that the hat hadn’t had a stroke yet.
He was in disbelief. This was one of the nicest presents he’d ever been given in his life. Generally, he was lucky if his dad tossed him a quid on his birthday, or even wished him a Merry Christmas. Getting anything from Harry was a waste of a thought, she was usually drunk off her tits and almost too broke to pay her rent most of the time. A gift like this was nothing shy of a miracle.
“That’s because it isn’t idle conversation, and I quite enjoy it. It began with you comforting me, or at least I think that’s what that was. It worked, by the way.”
“My dad would probably be more angry if I did. I get a cab home anyway, its not like he’s waiting for something.” He was vague on purpose, hoping that Mycroft wouldn’t read too much into it.
As much as he didn’t want his attractive flatmate, who he had a very supressed crush on, to see him in his underwear. He really didn’t have much choice. He couldn’t wait there until his hand stopped shaking, because he didn’t know when it would stop.
“Yeah.” John spoke, his tone pained. “Just pains, I'm fine.”
Using his hand to fondle Sherlocks balls, he took as much in his mouth as he could without gagging, his nose just about grazing the detectives pubic hair.
“Got it. Love you, Johnny.”
“Do you know how many people there are in England called John, Mycroft?”
“Yes,” Mycroft spoke, inserting himself into the conversation. “When will he be arriving?”
“John. You’re going to be fine you know. On the pitch, you always are, always brilliant.”
Over the course of a few months Sherlock had come to the conclusion that as long as his chest was covered, John was fine with it.
They went to their preferred shops of choice, browsing and making a mockery of stuff out of boredom.
do it.
“Sherlock will likely invite John, we have a bit of land if you want to play, I know you’ll bring your broom.”
was far from anything he, or anyone else for that matter, had ever considered him to be.
“Good going genius.”
“How do you know he’s not the right one?”
“You’re wonderful.”
much. I-I-I’ve never had that before.”
It was nice of her to do so, but he didn’t like the fact that it appeared he doubted Greg with any stretch of his imagination.
She didn’t really mind, except when he did it in front of her friends or one of her boyfriends. Which he did on the regular, the mixture of shock and annoyance on her face was worth the punches to the arm he received every time.
“What?” She replied, confused and worried.
John licked his lips again. “You’re eating right?” Sherlock nodded, redirecting his gaze back to the tv. “Chinese sound alright to you?”
Sherlock wasn’t all too surprised when John started dating Sarah Sawyer.
“Don’t thank me yet, you haven’t opened it!”
“Goodnight, John Watson.”
She definitely had more of their dad’s features but they both had their mother’s nose and her eyes.
John shook his head and frowned for a moment, confused and slightly awestruck, before finding a card under the bar of chocolate.
His dad didn’t give a shit, neither did Harry and his mum had been long out of the picture. So, no suspicion was ever raised.
Sherlock laid beside him, his arm wrapped around John’s waist, and his head resting in the crook of Johns neck. His breath against John’s neck was strangely comforting, and his arm was grounding. John didn’t quite understand what on earth was happening, but as his breath left him he felt like his body wasn’t his own, he was floating above it somehow.
“Mary, Mary Morstan.” She stuck out her hand.
Now he was sitting on the edge of the bath, in his striped pyjama top and his red boxers, with a testosterone needle in his leg, held upright gently by his hand, the other one gripping the bath in an attempt to stop it from shaking.
John worked a shitty part-time Job, doing the graveyard shift at a pub. Despite being seventeen, the owner allowed John to work, he was a family friend.
“Christ Mycroft has it bad.”
“Your dressing grown is soft.”
He didn’t even have to go to Greg because he got two steps out of the library when he saw them, hand in hand walking down the corridor in his direction. They were talking about something that wasn’t nearly as funny as John’s laughter would mean it to be.
“Sherlock really has rubbed off on you hasn’t he?”
out then?” He asked absentmindedly as the read over the letter, the word felt foreign on his tongue.
“He’s our keeper, best one we’ve had since Wood, hell if he isn’t dedicated. He broke his arm our first match to save what would’ve been the winning goal. Nice lad too, muggle-born, he really seems to care about the team.” Lestrade replied. “Pick up two.” He added, and Mycroft rolled his eyes, taking the cards. “Why d’you want to know?”
Two days later John came into the Ravenclaw common room, Sherlock was sitting at one of the tables, head resting on the table, not asleep but bored and thinking.
“That you make out with in the kitchen.”
She wanted John to herself, and she was doing whatever it would take to have it that way. He couldn’t believe John still hadn't seen through her deceit, he thought the glasses would’ve sent some alarm bells ringing. John seemed to be happy with her though, he’d be considerably less so if Sherlock interfered. Sarah annoyed him to no end, always prying into every little crack of John’s life, to the point he was barely one person anymore.
The taller man shrugged. "I wouldn't object."
He hit play on his phone and slid it into Sherlock’s dressing gown pocket. It was almost fascinating to watch as Sherlock visibly relaxed, his eyes were still closed, and over time his breathing began to slow down.
Things were normal on the train, he’d shut down a rowdy group of third years with a glare, and managed civil conversation with a group of other Slytherin’s.
He immediately regretted the question.
“I also got you this.” He pushed another package towards him, it was thin and flat, and still neatly wrapped.
“Right, my apologies. We have a library, one that you can actually cast spells in, so if you want to go over anything to refresh yourself, we have the time.” Sherlock replied, in a desperate attempt to change the subject, talking about Sarah was the thing he wanted to
“Wanker.”
He cared enough to get him something.
“Good?”
“Well a bit, but really?” His expression went from sarcastic to disbelieving, he honestly couldn’t believe Sherlock hadn't realised yet.
The second was an April fools’ prank, in which a boy sent his lover a letter which boomed out the words “I LIKE YOUR BUTT!” Across the great hall for everyone to hear.
“Git.”
Then came John’s birthday. Sherlock had been acting strangely the entire day, and John had forgotten what day it was completely.
Somehow, despite all the doubt in his head, he knew Greg was happy like this as well.
“What I’ve done?” John asked, unable to stop the offense slipping into his voice.
“Knowing my constant effort to show off, you should’ve known I’ll be playing my own composition.” Sherlock replied, forcing a polite smile as he walked away
“Really? But you’re a first year.”
“Oh.”
He simply raised an eyebrow. “So now you’re poking fun at my drug habits?”
Sherlock, surprisingly, was enthusiastic about a weekend getaway. However, he needed to make sure that he humiliated Scotland Yard first. After Lestrade agreed to drop Sherlock off at the cottage, John took the day off and headed out to get things ready.
The question caught John off guard a little but he climatized quickly. “Not recently.” John replied, choosing to focus on his shot, rather than directing his gaze to Sherlock, knowing that Conrad was not a stupid man. “I had a few at the start of the year, but Sherlock was insistent on putting me off them.” He replied, directing a scowl to Sherlock who looked up at the mention of his name, replying with his sarcastic backwards smile.
He managed to work up the courage to text him the next morning. Something simplistic, it would certainly reflect his personality.
“Yep, are you coming round to mine?” John asked, and Sherlock rolled his eyes, moving closer, signalling that John keep his voice down.
“Well that checks out doesn’t it? You hadn't seen her in almost two months when you wanted to dump her, two months she hadn't been doing it, and two months you could think clearly.” Greg spoke, saying his thoughts aloud, and John nodded
As far as he was concerned, Sherlock’s parents were perfectly normal people. Sure, they were smart, but they didn’t deduce like Mycroft and Sherlock did. They seemed to show more emotion, and definitely weren’t shy of affection, to one another, and anybody they noticed needed it.
“Gold.”
His head rested against Sherlock’s chest once he relaxed enough to slump forward, and before he knew it he was crying, as the younger boy held him close, rubbing what he supposed were to be soothing circles into his back.
John choked and spluttered at that. He had barely thought about Sarah for the past two weeks he’d been at Sherlock’s, and truthfully, when he had thought about her, he wasn’t really thinking positively. “I- I uhm… I don’t know.”
“Sarah.”
Sherlock found John in the clearing in the forest at four in the morning, the day before the final quidditch match of the year.
John true to everything about his character, was reliable, focused, determined, but it wasn’t hard to tell his stamina was running out. Ravenclaw had been able to score a total of five shots, one every hour, almost like it was planned. Any other shot didn’t have a hope, much to the frustration of the Ravenclaw chaser.
John laughed, trying not to move, staring at the ceiling. “Doesn’t mean I don’t need one.”
But Greg was scared that Mycroft had his mind made up about everything. And Mycroft was unsure of the boundaries in such a relationship.
“So, this is it then. This is us. Soulmates.”
“Did you break up with her?” The Ravenclaw asked
If he’d had his way he would have been here three years ago, but Mummy said that he had to go when he got his letter, just as his older brother did.
He walked into the living room, where Mycroft would likely be waiting for him. They had the day planned for weeks, both of them wanted to go for a real date and wanted to spend some quality time with each other. Since visiting the Holmes’ residence while John was there, their time together had been fleeting, with Mycroft moving up a position in the ministry and Greg knuckling down in his training. So, this was the first time in a while where they both had a day off.
it become a habit.
Sliding into bed beside him, Sherlock placed a gentle hand on John’s good arm. “Do you mind contact?” He asked.
“He didn’t listen to you did he?” Greg spoke, a soft smile on his face as he leaned into Mycroft’s warmth.
He scribbled the note out on a scrap piece of parchment, before rolling it up and giving it to the Owl, who clasped it in her claws. Smiling gently, he offered her a soft stroke to the head, using his knuckles, before he opened the window and watched her fly.
“Why didn’t you just like me!?” She was crying now, and John fell back on his anger, his shoulders falling and he took a step back.
“Maybe.” John muttered, unsure of who would even get him a gift. Greg had got small presents for the team, just as he had, but he’d ordered them not to open them until Christmas day. Johnstone had just thrown him a tin of broom handle wax on their last team meeting before the break went out.
There was laughter and sarcasm and insults, Sherlock making John blush effortlessly and John trying to hide it vigorously and failing.
He gave John a look, a smirk, before he began to read it aloud. “Section one: speaking to people.” He could see John grow uncomfortable as he spoke. “Muggles like to make small talk, the same as we do, however muggle small talk is never about spells or pets or how expensive the latest broomstick model is. When talking to muggles here are some topics that are-“
“Yeah but that’s different, because Molly was-“
“I don’t know how you’d expect him to ever find out what name is on your finger when you cover it with a ring. Maybe he thinks it’s on your arm now he’s seen those ghastly patches.”
He looked genuinely concerned about the matter, that struck John as interesting, because the man in front of him didn’t really seem like the type of person to care too deeply about his student’s personal struggles.
Professor Flitwick unlocked the door for him, and he pushed his way into the room, taking in the scene that was playing out before him.
She might have said something in retort, Sherlock might have said something in support, but all John could hear was white noise, feeling like his body was on autopilot as he walked out of the great hall.
“Some do, this one won’t. I’ll probably just grow it out and cut the black off when it gets too long. Do you like it?”
Striking pain shot up his arm, all the way to his fingertips and he screamed.
“Oh, you smartass git.” John replied, before yanking sherlock down by the shirt, crashing their lips together in a mildly uncomfortable clash of teeth and lips. It didn’t take long for a comfortable position to be found, with frantic breaths and now open mouths.
He’d never had the courage to talk to him or ask him to be his friend. He thought he was far past that childish age in which that question was acceptable to ask.
Falling asleep beside John was quite easy, easier than it should’ve been.
“’Ello gentlemen.” The engineer was a stout but built man about John’s height if not shorter, he had dark hair mussed under a flat-cap. “What’s the matter? You look like you’ve seen a ghost. We made sure to get the ghosts off the train this year I promise.” He offered them a gleeful chuckle and John forced a smile.
John recognized every single note. The only thing that had changed was the key. The song was still poignant and devastating, but with a little hint of…
John let out the breath he’d been holding through his fingers. Sherlock inhaled sharply in turn and began.
“By choosing her,”
“Oh, I’m sure John has an itinerary that I’ll be less than gently dragged along to,” Sherlock replied, barely concealing his mocking smile.
John could no longer keep his mouth shut.
“I’m so happy,” John breathed when his mouth was free. “I don’t know what I would have done if you had said no.”
John gestured to his phone. "Did you hear?"
“Sherlock, we’ve been through hell and back together,” John said. “I’ve lost you too many times. I’m not leaving you while I’m still breathing,”
“But then you came along. And suddenly, it felt safe and possible to interact with my urges. But I can’t seem to make myself…perform,”
“I guess I’ll commit myself to be a pretty face to you,” Sherlock said.
The screeching of the kettle and the simultaneous ringing of the doorbell jolted John out of his reverie. He quickly took the kettle off of the stove and then went to answer the door. He had half a mind to call Sherlock and ask him to get the door, but he knew that there was no point. Sherlock had been locked away since mid-morning. He was up to his eyeballs in experiments (and solving Lestrade’s cases for him over text whenever he fancied it).
“No, it exists,” Sherlock said. “I just didn’t need it. But it gave me ample time to record this.”
And they began to dance.
Sherlock took John’s waist and John grasped Sherlock’s shoulders.
A horn blaring startled John out of his reverie. A police car was pulling up in front of the cottage. The driver and passenger side doors opened simultaneously to reveal Sherlock and Lestrade.
The tears were freely flowing down John’s face, as well. The doctor began to laugh, surprised that the lump in his throat would allow it. Sherlock seemed to only now realize the effect of his words and his face creased in worry.
“I know,” he said, placing his hand around Sherlock’s wrist and pulling the detective against the back of the chair. John then began to kiss his cheek. “I’m sorry,”
“What?” Sherlock asked.
Realizing he had hurt Sherlock’s feelings, John climbed onto the chair next to Sherlock and kneeled on it. Sherlock noted that his grin was cheeky, but sincere.
“Go on, dig in.”
“No need to do that,” John murmured. “It’s just…you know I worry.”
"Absolutely," Abigail said. "We can start regular appointments straight away. When do you want to start?"
“Honestly… I don’t know what I mean. I just… I want to feel your skin… and hold you and…. I want to understand what humans feel,”
“Is this alright?” Sherlock asked.
“It’s perfect,”
He then reached across the table and took his boyfriend’s hand, gently pressing his lips to the detective’s knuckles.
“Alright,” Sherlock interrupted, quickly grabbing his briefcase. “It’s been a long day. I’m going inside to drop off my things and change.”
“Alright, enough!” John said, yanking the knife back into his chest. “You’ve been bouncing around restlessly since we came back inside. If you do not let go, I will tie you to a chair. Understood?”
Sherlock’s face pulled down into a pout. “Selecting buzz words from my speech doesn’t count as listening,”
“Do you still think about her?” Sherlock’s voice was small and quiet.
“Ah, John,” he said, lifting himself onto his elbows. “I was wondering what was taking you so long. I almost came to check on you.”
As if it might protect him from his own vulnerability.
Instinctively knowing that he should clean up, he grabbed a nearby broom and swept up the broken pieces. He left them in the dustpan and then went about making himself tea. As he sipped the warm liquid, clear thoughts slowly started forming in his mind. What the hell had happened? They'd had their fair share of disagreements over the course of their relationship (hell, more than the average couple) and it had never come to this.
“It’s because it was the best night of my life.”
“Yes, sir,” the detective murmured, a flirty smile creeping onto his face. “I’ll be outside.”
“If he says no," John whispered.
by how beautiful he was.
“What do you mean?” John asked.
“Well, I have noticed that you seemed a little… firmer lately,” said John, deftly squeezing Sherlock’s bicep. He received a pinch on the inner thigh for his troubles.
John didn’t dare say the words aloud lest he shatter the perfection.
“It’s not your fault,” he murmured.
“You’re…beautiful,”
“John, what’s wrong? Did I say something wrong?”
"Every word."
"Hello?" the voice repeated.
John couldn’t take it anymore.
Sherlock annoyedly brushed his black curls out of his face. “That is
John began to tap a nervous beat on his legs, his fingers hitting a small bulky object in his pocket.
“No!” Sherlock said, emphatically. “It’s fine, it’s just…. strange,”
Or maybe it was the whiskey.
“Sherlock Holmes, the number of ways that I could tell you I love you could fill novels. But you gave me a life worth living. I was so alone, traumatized from war and directionless. You gave me the adventure that I needed…and you gave me your life to share. And my gratitude for that goes beyond words.”
With the kettle on and boiling, John began to putter around the kitchen. A wayward glance back towards the table made him notice his phone. Supposing he had left it there when he returned, John went to pick it up. As he cupped it in his hand, he closed his eyes and a rush of memories and colours flashed before him in rapid succession. Mary's death, St. Bart's, Sherrinford, last night...
Suddenly, John didn't know what to say.
“I wanted everything to be perfect,” John said. “We deserve it.”
He was referring to Sherlock’s light, musky cologne.
“May I…hold you?”
“But she made you happy. Anyone with two functioning eyes could see it. So, I had no qualms about doing everything that I could to protect you both. Clearly, I failed, so…” The detective shrugged and downed the contents of his glass. The beginnings of tears were forming in his eyes.
The detective then surprised John by bending down and kissing him.
John rolled off the bed and picked up the oily dishes lying on the floor. As he rounded the bed with the dishes in his hand, he heard Sherlock say “Wait.”
John had taken a significant chunk out of his rainy day fund to buy the ring. He had also taken advantage of a case to figure out Sherlock’s ring size. The simple silver band was now burning a hole in his pocket.
“Ah, John,” Sherlock said, acknowledging the doctor. “I thought you were going to spend the evening with Lestrade on the porch. Was he trying to convince you that everything was under control at Scotland Yard? And not that his cold case file team should be sacked for incompetence and idiocy?”
“May I?” he asked.
If Sherlock…?
Sherlock chuckled. “Not very difficult. And given that you’ve been busy, you look quite dashing yourself.”
Spurred on by Sherlock’s quiet moans, John continued his trajectory down Sherlock’s chest, digging his thumbs into his hip bones. As his fingers began travelling up the detective’s inner thigh and reaching for the waistband of his pants, he felt Sherlock tense. Mistaking it for excitement, John slipped his fingers under the elastic band of Sherlock’s boxers.
John nodded and loosened himself, allowing Sherlock to flawlessly dip him. As the last note played, Sherlock lifted the doctor back up to standing.
When John stopped pouring the alcohol, Sherlock knew he had said something wrong.
It always began tentative and soft; usually Sherlock trying to not keep his lips locked. But they relaxed as soon as he did. Sherlock loosened himself just enough to wrap his arms fully around John’s neck and pull the doctor on top of him.
When John walked back into the house, he found Sherlock in the kitchen, aimlessly pacing around and curiously analyzing the space. He was currently holding up the bottle of whiskey and seemed to be dissecting the label.
“All the time. I…I can’t help it. She’ll just appear in my dreams and I usually wake up feeling more than a little confused.”
"I'm sorry to hear that," she said. "I assumed everything was alright since I hadn't heard from you. What's happening?"
“I was stumbling around London, drunk, with the only person who ever made me feel truly whole. Laughing and smiling like a teenager at a year eleven ball.”
“Nothing out of the ordinary,” John murmured. His fingers traveled down to Sherlock’s open lapel.
John felt a smile spreading over his face.
“Hmm?” John replied, slipping his shirt off and throwing it off the bed.
“Did you not eat today?” John asked.
"Don't... you ever..." The words stumbled out of Sherlock's mouth, halting and gasping. The pair stared at each other for what felt like years, lost in their own separate realities of hurt and confusion. Suddenly, Sherlock turned on his heel and ran out the door. Still in shock, John barely registered the door slamming and the hurried, frantic footsteps down the stairs.
“Shall I lead?” Sherlock asked.
John was starting to feel the prickling of tears in his eyes.
“That makes two of us, love.”
“Special delivery!” shouted Lestrade, who had popped his head over the car roof. He seemed, for once, relaxed.
“Of course, I did,” John said, leaning further into the porch. “Stuff about alcohol, my closet, “I need to rethink my color palette”, stuff like that?”
John let go of Sherlock’s hand to grab two clean glasses. Once the golden liquid was poured, the two men raised their glasses in a toast.
“And that is why the colours in your wardrobe are less than advisable," Sherlock stated, downing what was left in his glass. John could feel how dopey his smile was when Sherlock turned to gauge his response.
“Agreed,” Sherlock replied.
“Sherlock, I didn’t mean to…”
John squeezed the detective’s hand playfully. “What does the table have to do with it?”
“I’m glad to see that my lessons weren’t a lost investment,” Sherlock replied.
“No, I want to treat you tonight. Just go sit outside and I’ll bring it out,”
Sherlock nodded. “It’s…strong,”
John climbed back onto the bed and sat with his back against the headboard. He tapped his legs, indicating for Sherlock to straddle him. The detective complied, surprising John with how strong his thighs were. John then took Sherlock’s hands in his and brought them up to the collar of his shirt.
“Yeah, clearly,” John said with a smirk, gesturing to the detective’s position.
“Yes, why?” Sherlock asked. When John began to laugh, Sherlock understood.
Finally, as Sherlock’s hands were edging towards the waistband of John’s pants, he broke the kiss.
Sherlock’s voice cracked and he rubbed at his eyes before continuing.
John sighed and squeezed Sherlock’s hand. “You’re such a cock.”
When the detective awkwardly slid off the couch onto one knee, the reality of what John was seeing set in and he clapped a hand to his mouth.
*******
“Of course,” said John. “Because you’re perfect and brilliant and the world is a better place with you in it,”
John was more than a little breathless. But he still managed to say, “Of course,”
John had been lying on his side mindlessly staring at his phone for what felt like hours when he felt a weight come onto the bed and a warm hand on his shoulder. He turned around to find his detective with nothing, but a towel wrapped around his waist. His soft smile was playful, with a hint of begging for forgiveness. John felt himself returning the smile, relieved.
Once John had his space back, he quickly piled both of their plates with copious amounts of food. But before he went outside, he hung his jacket on a chair, making sure that the box in the pocket hadn’t evaporated.
"Or when I stayed by the bloody toilet with you all of yesterday morning while you emptied the contents of your intestines, I was thinking about myself. "
