Tonight's meal is chicken and pasta, so John begins to defrost the chicken, humming absentmindedly a bit. It's one of the few times he feels at peace, when he's working on something to help his boyfriend. Just doing
"I just don't want to do this anymore," Sherlock sighs defeatedly, then rushes to clarify as he sees the alarm on his boyfriend's face, "I mean, this whole recovery thing. I want to get better, I do, but I wish it were easier. I would love nothing more than to be able to snap my fingers and get better. Not all this drama with the scales and the wrist checking and having to wake you up in the middle of the night because I had a flashback."
Soon, John notices Sherlock's breathing growing slow and even, and it appears the detective has fallen asleep. John feels a rush of affection for him, not quite sure why, but there it was regardless. He really needs to start preparing dinner, but for now, he can sit with Sherlock until the documentary ends.
"All right, lovely," John comments, washing his hands, gesturing for the detective to join him. John takes Sherlock's long, slender hands in his own and washes them, lovingly stroking the side of his palm with his thumb, gazing at him adoringly. Sherlock smiles despite himself, and leans in to kiss John.
Sherlock always looks over to the form sleeping beside him, resisting the urge to feel his neck for a pulse, to bring an ear to his mouth, listening for deep, even breaths. His fingers itch for something sharp, something to take the mental pain away and morph it into physical pain. He needs to cut.
"You sure you don't want a case or anything?" John asks, shifting uncomfortably as the detective's thumb ghosts over a patch of skin that was textured differently than the rest of him.
you." Sherlock huffs, turning to tend to Cluedo, who had started rubbing her face on Sherlock's hand demandingly. John just smiles and finishes up in the kitchen.
"Sherlock, is there something you're not telling me? You're being more of an arse than usual." John says, failing to conceal the hurt in his eyes.
Trying to move on from the disappointment and sadness he felt from Sherlock's search history, he logs into his account and starts on the paperwork. It didn't take long, but by the time he had submitted the last page, he was tired and ready to go to bed. He logs off, and turns his laptop off. His eyes hurt from staring at the screen; perhaps he should get reading glasses with a blue light filter.
"It will," John says, with a strong note of certainty in his voice. "It's the anticipation that's the worst part, everything else is surprisingly easy once you bite the bullet and dive in."
Sherlock is momentarily confused at his boyfriend's sudden discomfort until he feels his stomach again, making out raised lines crisscrossing his midsection.
But Sherlock was clever. Surely he could figure out how to take the razor apart, cut, and then put it back together seamlessly, right? And yes, he was perfectly capable of doing such, and he had done it many times, but that was with a higher end, reusable razor set. All John had given him were the cheap plastic disposable kind that would require breaking to access the blades inside.
The cuts on his arm were mostly superficial, but there were three that required stitches and one that Sherlock had to beg John to not have him go to hospital. John had said the only reason why he didn't bundle Sherlock into the car and take him there was because the cut had narrowly missed the two major arteries and only nicked one tendon.
"Is this okay?" John asks quietly, stroking his boyfriend's dark curls, doing his best to still the terrors running rampant in that beautiful head of his.
Sherlock's stomach sinks. Moving to London had been the start of what he hoped was a new life. Growing up in a small town meant that everyone knew everyone's business, and he was ever so desperate to escape the place that knew every painful detail about him. And now, people know.
"Okay, I think we're ready," John says, making Sherlock look up at him with a silly half smile on his face.
Sherlock's face twists into a scowl, "Oh, wipe that smug look off your face, Doctor Watson. I'm not your patient, you didn't "fix" me, I'm doing this on my own."
"You do know there's an alternative to this, right?" He says slowly, as if he was presenting an obvious option that Sherlock had elected to ignore.
His body hurts from the tension he held during the dream, and his jaw aches from clenching his teeth. His face is wet with tears, and the detective dissolves into silent sobs as he tries to rid the dream from his mind. He's become quite good at crying almost unnoticeably, but it had been awhile since he had cried like this. He usually felt so empty, but he's full out sobbing now, and it hurt everywhere to keep it contained. He claps a hand over his mouth to stop himself from making noise, and he tightened his body to suppress the sobs wracking his body. He squeezed his eyes shut so hard that his face hurt, but the image of John dead on the floor had burned itself into his minds eye, with no escaping it.
As the cab pulls up to the hospital, Sherlock inhales deeply, hold his breath, and exhales again, for 4 seconds each time. He didn't like using therapy-mandated coping skills such as breathing exercises, but they did help some. The detective is, again, put off by how deeply his supposed recovery is affecting him. Turning the thrill of the chase into an anxiety-inducing activity. All those damn emotions being dredged up would be the death of him. Poor choice of words, he admits, but the sentiment is the same.
Sherlock doesn't know how to feel. The whole "allowing emotions to present themselves and acknowledge them" thing he's been trying to do as been largely confusing and frustrating. What's the point of feeling things if you can't even fucking figure out what the hell you're feeling that way about? He puts down his violin, sits on his bed with his head in his hands, and tries to do some introspection.
He feels fingers loop through his own as Sherlock shifts to lay he head on John's lap, the latter stroking and playing with the former's dark curls.
"It's called heterochromia," Sherlock interrupts again. "I've had it all my life, it's one of the only things I do like about myself."
"What have you got for me?" the detective asks curtly, falling so easily back into the genius sociopath role he had assumed for years.
Not so standard reply. Maybe things were changing. John isn't sure what the change in desire to drink tea signified, but he was ready to accept any kind of change at this point. As John is making the tea, he casually remarks,
like progress, but after considering that six and a half months ago he was in a mental hospital with fresh cuts torn down his arms, things are quite a lot better than it used to be.
Because he can take care of his own damn self. He doesn't need a third parent. He's in control and a master of his mind and body.
He had expected John to laugh and poke fun at him for not being able to process basic human emotion, but his boyfriend stayed silent, looking off to the side and appearing to ponder it genuinely.
"It is good for you. You were half dead when we started, Sherl, anything's better than that, mate." John says kindly, smiling the way he did when he was looking at the detective, sending a rush of affection through Sherlock despite the circumstances.
Sherlock nods heavily, not looking at his boyfriend. "Yeah...just...just trying to wake up...I become absolutely useless after an attack...this is normal." His voice is husky and cracks every now and then, and John feels a pang of sadness watching his beautiful detective so deeply affected by his own mind. He proceeds into the bedroom and sits by his side, pressing the full length his body against Sherlock, who leans into his automatically.
Sherlock takes a breath, teetering on the edge of indecision. John was going to find out tonight anyway, but there was the matter of pride that Sherlock had too much of.
John just smiles in disbelief and shakes his head in amusement, which both angers and relieves the detective. Angry that he's laughing at him, but relieved that his sharp words didn't seem to hurt his boyfriend.
"Do you...do you think that will be okay forever?" Sherlock murmurs into John's neck. "I know you have...urges...and I can't satisfy them. Is that going to be a problem? Am I going to have to...I don't know, share you?" The last two words came out shakily, and John can feel his irregular breathing under his hands.
Sherlock, feeling much better emotionally at this point, stands, staggering a bit before John catches him.
"Yes, I'm fine," Sherlock says, trying to sound as normal as possible. His throat was still scratchy from crying, but at least his voice didn't break.
But when they got home, when no one could see, things changed. Instead of sitting in their respective chairs, they would cuddle up on the couch--Sherlock usually in some wildly uncomfortable position and insisting he was fine--and John would drink tea and absentmindedly fiddle with his boyfriend's curly dark locks. They would chat, Sherlock mumbling incoherently as he slipped into sleep, his neck aching in the morning as he realized John had stayed by his side the entire night. A good morning kiss was to be expected, and then the normal started once more. It was an exhausting whiplash effect that Sherlock thrived on.
John nods and smiles kindly. "If you say so, love. I'll come join you in a few, just let me clean up and I'll be with you."
"Do you...do you love me?" Sherlock asks, hating how small and uncertain he sounds. Like some schoolgirl waiting for an answer on his "do you love me? Check yes or no" note.
When John returns to the bedroom, he sees Sherlock perched on the edge of the bed, his shoulders hunched as he blinks blearily, trying to wake up. John has never seen Sherlock so reluctant to wake up; usually he was up and ready to go by 7:00am. It was also increasingly common for John to wake up to violin music at 5 in the morning when Sherlock couldn't sleep for fear of nightmares. So, watching the detective struggling to wake at almost 9:00am was a tad concerning. He knew it had to do with the panic attack, but he's never actually stuck around after a patient panic attack to see the long term effects of it.
John sighs patiently. "I already told you that you need to work on recovery, and I stand by that. However," he adds when Sherlock opens his mouth to object, "I have seen you working hard and eating, and I'm proud of you. Which is why I took the liberty of finding us a case to do."
"Well, what is someone like you? There's no one like you, Sherl, no one quite as beautiful, no one quite as enticing as you. I fell in love with you. I fell in love with everything about you, mate. If you had an extra five hours I could explain it all to you, but I doubt I'd be able to get it all out. Whatever the voices may tell you, they are wrong. I love you, okay?"
John pulls a first aid kit out of the closet, where he kept his gauze and suture needles and the like. It's more like Sherlock's emergency kit than a first aid kit, and it's not the first time they've had to use it.
"You want this, right? I mean, you're okay with this? This is what you want?" John asks breathlessly. He doesn't want to push Sherlock, not so soon after his panic attack. They had never gotten remotely close to this; the entirety of their relationship has been pretty much fully clothed on Sherlock's part, with the occasional shirtless John at night. John didn't know if Sherlock would ever be ready for anything intimate, and he was willing to wait forever if he needed to. He just wanted to make sure Sherlock was on board when the time came.
When he opens his eyes, he sees John's face. He could see the worry and fear drain from his face, and he watched it be replaced with pride and just a tiny bit of self-satisfaction.
Sherlock pulls away, and runs his shaking hands through his hair, and wipes his face and blows his nose with a kerchief he kept in his inside jacket pocket.
The two walk out of the room and down the hallway, Sherlock leaning a bit heavily on John, but doing his best to gather his thoughts and emotions again.
John wasn't a psychologist, he was an army doctor and he knows nothing about the inner workings of the mind; certainly not one as complex as Sherlock's. No one knew what goes on in that head of his.
"No, it's fine, you can put your hand there. It was just unexpected," Sherlock waves his hand dismissively. "I just mean that sometimes, I feel, that I don't show you how much I love you. I've never actually been
Sherlock got up, almost robotically, and walked into the evening air to hail a cab. He had a lot of thinking to do, and it wasn't going to be easy.
John beams, pressing his palm to the detective's cheek, Sherlock melting into his touch. "I'm proud of you, Sherlock. I knew you could do it."
"Every time I talk to him I feel like he's trying to dissect me," Sherlock says, already finding himself irritable about the topic. "Like I'm some patient he needs to diagnose and patch up."
"So last time you were here, you mentioned John...how is he?" Frank asks, startling the detective out of his rapid-fire deductions.
John responds with a brilliant smile. "That sounds like the Sherlock I know. Come along, we'll meet Lestrade so he can hand over jurisdiction."
"Well, you're the doctor here, so I must follow the doctor's orders, correct?" Sherlock sneers, catching himself off guard with the amount of venom in his voice. Yep, he's still angry.
"It's fine, John, I'll be alright," Sherlock says dismissively, waving his hand. They both knew the detective had an insanely high pain tolerance, but he knows his boyfriend still feels bad stitching him up with only topical anesthetic.
"It's not that easy." Sherlock snaps, hostility glowing in his chest. "You don't know anything about it."
Sherlock is quiet. The blood had stopped flowing, and had coagulated into a red jelly. This one would definitely scar, but it wasn't nearly as deep as some of his others.
The car ride is made with comfortable chatter and joking, and Sherlock feels more and more life and vigor settling into him, and he relaxes into the easy rhythm of working a case. As they approach the boy's house, Sherlock pops his collar and settles his face into his usual expression, and John can't help but find the show he puts on rather hilarious. Always the drama queen, that Sherlock.
Sherlock smiles, fancying the possibility of a normal activity that normal couples do on normal Friday nights. It was always so tiring constantly being the freak, the anomaly, that the concept of doing something as generic as a film night sounded heavenly.
Sherlock nods again, standing with John and allowing him to lead him back to the bedroom and into bed. John takes him up in his arms and holding him tightly.
They were drastically different, but somehow all the same. Every day he and John interview potential clients, almost every day they are running the streets of London, hand in hand, chasing taxis and criminals and running from the boredom that threatened to overtake the detective.
"So, first, we need to defrost the chicken," John says, handing the package of chicken to his boyfriend. "Just put it in the microwave on defrost for about 15 minutes."
As they returned to the flat, Sherlock tries to force all his negative feelings away so that he can enjoy winding down with John. It had been a routine with them: after a long day, or any day, really, they would settle down in the living room with a film and Cluedo, and decompress from the day. This always helped Sherlock when he was having a rough metal health day, and today was no different.
"This would be a preferable alternative to wrist checking," Sherlock says, covering John's hand with his own spindly piano hands, in turn feeling John's scars on his stomach, a wistful look on his face.
"Wow, he really has lost it," he hears Donovan saying as he stalks down the hallway. Anger fills up the detective's chest, but he doesn't turn around for fear of people seeing the tears welling in his eyes.
John's eyes fly open, his body tensing as he goes from 0 to 100 in a split second. "What...whassamatter? Sherlock...." his words slur with tiredness.
"Come on, love," John murmurs into his ear. "The movie's over, and I'd like your help with something."
He picks up the razor from the floor and examines it. Surely there would be a loophole, some way to extract the blades and then replace them.
"Sherlock, you in there? Are you alright?" John's voice is heard on the other side of the door, and Sherlock prays he didn't hear the soft clatter of the razor hitting the tile floor.
The two stay like that for a while, until Sherlock is finished with his tea. The detective stirs, and sits up. It's only 7:00 in the evening, but he feels exhausted, as if he could sleep for weeks and still wake up tired.
The two hail a cab, and spend the ride talking, laughing, and joking. Sherlock realizes how he missed the buzz of the pre-case adrenaline. His senses revving up to full gear, witty banter and flirtation with John, the thrill of the chase to land some criminal behind bars--oh how happy he was to be back!
"I'll take that as a 'I'm free, John, and I'll do whatever you'd like me to'" John laughs, reaching out and stroking Sherlock's hand.
He makes a decision. He inhales, holds his breath, and brings the blade across his wrist heavily. Blood beads up out of the cut, and run down his arm after a few seconds. The sight of it gives him a slight high, and he poises his blade to cut a second time before he's interrupted by a knock on the door, dropping the blade in surprise.
"Bilbo looks like someone I know, but I can't place it," Sherlock mumbles distractedly, leaning into John's touch.
"I love your hair, too," John continues, letting his hand gently card through Sherlock's curly locks. "It's just so soft-looking, with perfect curls and it falls so nicely about your face. I like the deep raven color of it as well, it's very striking when paired with your, um, rather
"Thank you, that was much appreciated," Sherlock says evenly, hoping that Lestrade would take his words to heart. So far it seemed like this bloke was the only one treating him normally at this point. "Let's get to it then. Where did you say the boy lived, again?"
"It's fine. I'll get used to it." Sherlock says, trying to force out words amidst the avalanche of frustrating emotions.
Sherlock had been sat on the couch for a solid 6 hours. Not because he was in his mind palace, or because he was watching a film. No, it was because Cluedo fell asleep in his lap at around noon and Sherlock didn't have the heart to move her.
"I didn't up and quit. It took me a while. I first wanted to stop after you came back. I didn't feel right doing it when I had my world given back to me. And I knew you'd find out. As selfish as that sounds, I didn't want you to deduce me. So I stopped."
Recovery had Sherlock so tied up that a case was the last thing on his mind. But now? Things are looking up, and the detective needs a fix for boredom that doesn't involve hurting himself.
John eyes Sherlock before scoffing and shaking his head, "No, of course not. I don't want you getting spun up over a few numbers portraying your relationship with gravity."
Sherlock's breath hitches, and he pulls back once again. John's vision is slightly clouded with lust, and he tries to blink away the sexual tension so he can see the situation properly.
"No, let me say this. I've been...angry at you. And I don't have a right to be, because you're just trying to take care of me since I can't do it on my own. And so I keep making jabs and accusations because of that," Sherlock explains, becoming more confident with every word he spoke. "I'm trying to understand what I'm feeling, because I don't like hurting you. Myself, no problem, but you? I could never."
It was a long time before Sherlock could breathe normally, a long time before his tears dried, but what was longest of all, were the years he spent believing that no one could love him, that no one could touch him, and that no one could see him cry.
"I don't think I did either," Sherlock said quietly, trying to go through his mental databases and find even a sliver of what he felt for John before he met him. Nothing.
"Well, you're right," John says quietly, not looking at his boyfriend. "You can't control other people. I was just trying to help you see that you're worth so much more than what everybody else says."
"Are you sure that's the best idea?" Lestrade asks John. Another wave of indignant annoyance washes over the detective, bringing him dangerously close to his breaking point.
He was gripped by a nightmare, one of the worst reccuring nightmares he gets.    The other terrors, the sensation of falling; the walls of hospitals, tallies scratched into every surface; those he could handle.
"What do you think we should do today?" John asks for the fourth time, lazily tracing hearts on Sherlock's hand.
He begins to start wiping his hands and mouth and flushes the toilet, and like a well-oiled machine, becomes presentable in a matter of seconds.
Sherlock slumped back down, his eyes shuttering closed again. Embarrassed or not, he still felt a sick sense of glee at the thought of still being light enough to be carried so easily by someone shorter than him.
John places a gauze pad on the wound and wraps it up. He sits still and stares at the dressed wound for a few moments, and for once Sherlock can't tell what he's thinking.
Sherlock's mouth twitches and he rolls his eyes, "Yes, Daddy." He says mockingly, then his face freezes when he realizes the implications.
"Well...I don't know, it sounds silly, but...how could you love me? I haven't the faintest why someone such as yourself would fancy someone like me."
"I'm sleeping," Sherlock said, lifting his head momentarily. "Just...just leave me be for a little while. I'm still cold."
And, despite everything, Sherlock has a wonderful time. He doesn't eat anything else, but after about an hour after his purging session, he finds himself swept up in the holiday spirit, and things are fine.
"You said we'd do something tonight," Sherlock whines, and John catches a glimpse of the petulant younger brother he once was.
The razors eventually snaps free, and two perfect little blades fall onto the bathroom floor. They're going to be harder to hold than a full blade, but he's past caring. He tests the razor on the inside of his wrists, just barely scratching the skin. He knows he should wake John up. He knows he's capable of putting the blades down before he could do more damage. He knows he's going to break John's heart, and maybe even drive John to leave him.
John is quiet, not making eye contact, throwing a glance at the room they just left. Several heads turned to stare at him, and Sherlock freezes like a deer in headlights, caught in the middle of his meltdown. Embarrassment colors his cheeks, and he storms off to the elevator to escape.
"It's fine. Keep...keep doing that," Sherlock says, cutting John off mid-apology. His eyes are unsure, and John's hands stay where they are as the kissing resumes.
"I hope so," the detective replies, equally as soft. "I'm feeling better now, I just hope it stays that way."
Sherlock nods, processing. God, how he loved this man. Who else could put up with his mental state, the constant battle of wills and resolve over something as minute as an extra bite of toast or a quick flash of the wrist? Sherlock knew he was extraordinarily lucky to have John for himself.
Sherlock stiffens, all to used to voices in his head. But he relaxes after a moment. This was a voice he recognized. This was John's voice.
"Could you..." the detective falters, feeling a bit silly. "Could you, er...describe me? What I look like? What I actually look like, I mean."
They were hosting a party, as they usually did for Christmas Eve. Last year was no exception, but according to John it did seem rather hollow without Sherlock there. Molly was indeed disappointed, he had heard. This year, hopefully, promised more fun and enjoyment now that he was home.
John smiles, and it makes the detective feel oddly inside. A mixture of guilt, pride, and love. "I'm proud of you, love. Eat whatever you feel you can."
But it's his first case in almost 6 months. If he had to eat one meal a day in order to have it, isn't that worth it a little? Besides, it was 2 meals less than he was usually required to eat. Sherlock decides not to push his luck. A case is worth one meal a day.
John nods and smiles, thoroughly enjoying his reaction. "Yes. I didn't get anything major, you could probably solve it in 48 hours, but I figured it was better than nothing."
Why does everyone think I'm not? I'm not some broken child, I am a grown-ass adult and I can fucking do things by my fucking self! Stop treating me like I'll break if you breathe on me, I swear on my goddamn life I will call a cab and leave you here if you don't stop fucking saying shit like that to me!" Sherlock shouts at the top of his lungs, his hands curling into fists so tight that his fingernails pierce the flesh of his palm. He has had it up to fucking
"Sherlock--" John says, his voice slightly strained, sucking in his stomach and moving a few inches away so that the other man's hand doesn't touch him.
Sherlock realizes his mistake and tries to backpedal, but John balls up his fist and looks as if he is about to swing, so Sherlock falls silent, readying himself for a blow.
Sherlock turns abruptly into the nearest room, throwing open the door hard enough to dent the adjacent wall, staggering halfway into the room before collapsing onto his hands and knees, his back arched and heaving. Great gasps and ragged sobs are torn from his body, and he feels like the entire world is ending right here, right now. There wasn't enough air, his head was on fire, and his chest felt like someone was being crushing him into a vice. Why the hell was he like this?? Why can't he just go back to normal life?? He
The door creaks open, startling John out of his catastrophic thinking spiral. He stands immediately, but resists the urge to rush over and meet Sherlock at the door. He noticed that it irritated his boyfriend to be constantly fussed over when he returned home from therapy.
Sherlock is a little irritated at this; he didn't like the idea that he was readable. Dangerous things happen when you have this many secrets and can be read like a book. He shakes it off, and the excitement of the pre-case high with it. He tries to prepare himself for the anticipated harassment once he gets to Scotland Yard, trying not to get too spun up about it. The last thing he needs is to have a panic attack the first day back.
John screenshots the search history, all of it, and sends the images to his phone, before deleting the screenshots from the computer and clearing the history. He kept the photos for documentation, but clears the history for the sake of Sherlock's fragile state. It's a funny sort of compromise, but John does his best to meet Sherlock halfway.
"What song is that, my dear John?" Sherlock asks quietly, not wanting to disturb the calm, peaceful ambiance.
John still isn't sure he comprehends this correctly, but he knows better than to shit on someone's identity. "I know you love me, and it's okay if you don't want sex, I'm not going to force you to do anything you don't want to do. Is kissing okay though? I mean, what is the line that we can't cross? What constitutes as sexual for you?"
John jerks his head up, his eyes turned to ice, "I should be grateful? Grateful you're not fucking dead?!"
"First, we need to watch the entirety of Lord of the Rings--you'll love Bilbo, I know you will--with snacks of your choice, of course, and then we can take a shower together--I heard that was fun, never tried it before myself, but we can try--and by then it'll be well past midnight so we can go to sleep satisfyingly exhausted."
John hands him a heart of lettuce, gently guiding Sherlock's hand as he chopped. Sherlock could have chosen to feel annoyed at the guidance; the man knew his way around a knife, but some part of him savored the touch and allowed it.
It's funny, isn't it? He can flay his flesh to the bone and not bat an eye, but the sting of antiseptic and the prick of a suture needle have him squirming.
"Hey. No. Don't walk away just yet. Can you talk to me, a little? Please?" John asks, sadness clouding his eyes and tiredness lining his face.
Sherlock shook his head. "It's fine. I never had a taste for it myself, the whole process was rather disappointing, but I understand that you're not like that, and I can't ask you to become completely celibate just for me. It's just a foreign concept, is all."
Sherlock is silent, emotions bubbling and broiling, too hot to sort out which was guilt and which was anger and which was sorrow.
John nods sympathetically. "I know, love. But it's like cleaning: an area can't be clean and healthy unless you pull everything out into to open and start fresh. Just remember that people, are, as you say, stupid, and sometimes you're going to have to deal with ignorance and stupidity from people, and you can't let that affect you too deeply."
John shrugs honestly. "I don't know. It's just...more real, more intense. Like the first time, but with some kind of urgency with it or something, like if I don't act now and love you hard enough I'll lose you forever or something. It's stupid, but that's the best way I can put it."
"All of Me, by John Legend." Sherlock answers instantly, surprising himself with his unexpected knowledge. "I remember hearing it when it first came out a few years ago, shortly after I met you, actually. Kept thinking; hoping, really, that someone would love me like that. You seemed too good to be true, so I didn't bank on it. It turned out to be you after all."
"Don't suppose you'll tell me where we're going?" Sherlock says, knowing the answer before he spoke.
"Would you like to watch a film tonight, love?" John asks from the kitchen. He had started saving the food that Sherlock didn't eat in the fridge so that the detective could finish it if he liked without having a fuss made over it. Another thing Sherlock appreciated.
"I suppose," His boyfriend says doubtfully. "I'm not very fond of pets. Doesn't make sense to voluntarily bring an animal into your own home." He sets the kitten back down into the box, then gets up and wanders into the back bedroom. Music is heard from within in a few moments.
Sherlock nods, unsure of himself. No one had even come close to caring to him like John did, and the lack of experience in the department left Sherlock more confused than he felt he had any right to be.
"How about...just my face?" Sherlock asks. He's not sure if he's up for a description of his body at this time. He knows he's gained weight, but he doesn't want to know how noticeable it is.
Thick white scars crisscrosses his stomach, some barely as thick as a pencil line and some that looked dangerously deep. They looked to be several months old, some as old as five years ago. Others looked as recent as a year ago. Sadness fills Sherlock, threatening to crush his ribcage, but is soon replaced by anger.
John leans back into Sherlock, his weight rather comforting, and Sherlock closes his eyes and tries to block out anything and everything that isn't John. His smell, his warmth, his breathing, his heartbeat; everything else is irrelevant.
He shifted, moving his arms to encircle Sherlock, who leaned into him and pressed his body against him. He had to protect this man. He had to save him, or find someone who could.
But watching Sherlock, the love of his life, break down so completely and thoroughly? It hurt his heart. Luckily he knew how to handle a panic attack, but if it weren't for the fact that he dealt with it regularly, John would have broken down himself, unable to cope with seeing his boyfriend in such distress. He hadn't ever seen Sherlock have a full blown panic attack; the worst thing he saw in that regard were his minor anxiety attacks that would leave him frozen for a minute or two. Sure, that was difficult to watch anyway, but watching the great consulting detective reduced to a pile of tears and fear in front of him shook him to his core.
John finds this difficult to process; as a man in his late forties, sexual attraction is a long-since established facet of his life. How could someone
Sherlock tries not to scowl as he steps on the scale John borrowed from the hospital. It was a blind scale, with the box and reader connected by a cord held by John, meaning that the only person who could see his weight was John.
He collapses on the floor, and pulls a towel down from the rack to muffle his cries. He cries until he's certain there's no more tears left in the world for him to cry, and after a few minutes he is left an empty husk of a person on the bathroom floor. His face hurt, his stomach hurt, everything hurt except for his soul, which remained completely numb. He needs to cut.
"You've got to pick up the fork, mate. I'm sure your parents taught you how to use one." John jokes, hoping to lighten the mood some.
"It's kind of odd for me to say this, Sherl, but...this is almost scientific, the way you do this," John says, most likely to ease the tension out of the air, "I mean, you'd have to have surgeon hands to cut this deep but not cause permanent damage."
"I'll just say this, and then I'll stop talking," John murmurs into Sherlock's ear, "no matter how far you run, no matter how many times you relapse, no matter how much you hate yourself, I will always love you, okay?"
Sherlock's mouth twitches again, and the half-hearted smile stays a fraction of a second longer than the last one.
"Anything for you, love." John says, trying to put as much kindness and as much love as he could into those four words. Sure, John had indeed fantasized about sex with Sherlock, but if he didn't want it, there was no point in pushing it. If all he got from this point on is a bottle of lotion and some tissues, it wouldn't matter, because he already has more than enough love from Sherlock Holmes.
The detective and his boyfriend finish making dinner, and they sit down to eat. Sherlock has estimated about 250 calories for the whole thing, excluding the salad dressing, which he politely declined to when offered. Not bad. At least not bad enough to freak out over.
On one hand, Sherlock was grateful for the grant of freedom and agency, but on the other, he didn't want special treatment. He knew Lestrade was trying to be helpful and kind, so he decided he'd take what he could get at this point. After yesterday's fiasco, he was just thankful he had a hand in the case at all.
Sherlock nods. He hasn't quit memorized the calorie count in most vegetables, seeing as they were all on his list of safe foods, and the nutrition facts are hard to read on the sly on the flimsy plastic encasing them, so he's flying blind for now.
try and tell me that my hurting myself was unjustified. You've been doing it for years because of how hurt you feel, and same goes for me. I stopped doing it, okay? I stopped cutting soon after you came back. I promise you I did." John says, his voice dropping in volume until that last part of what he said was whispered.
John seldom allowed himself the hopeful optimism that he wanted when thinking about the detective. It seemed like every time he allowed himself to feel hope about the situation, Sherlock would enter the bedroom with bloodied arms, or he would walk in on him feverishly exercising on the floor of the bathroom. It was rather exhausting, but John couldn't imagine how much harder it would be for Sherlock to constantly live like this, for years upon years.
Lestrade shrugs, unbothered. "And your whole deducing bit you do is none of yours either. You eat what you'd like, but I'm pretty sure John would want you to eat something."
Sherlock stiffens at his name, annoyed at himself for bringing John into something he shouldn't have to deal with. "He's fine."
Sherlock turns over again, pressing his back closer into John's chest. His boyfriend settles his fingers into the detective's hair once more, lightly scratching his scalp.
Sherlock doesn't say anything, but he picks the kitten up and holds her an arms length away, studying it. His gaze is one of scrutiny, but John can't tell if he likes the cat or if he thinks it's too silly to entertain the thought of having a pet.
"You alright, love?" John's voice was a gentle rumble in his ears. Sherlock nods, his head moving against the cotton of John's sweater. They were cuddled on the couch together, and the only thing grounding the detective was the warmth and weight of his boyfriend's arms around him.
"Come on then. It'll be fun. I promise." He reaches out a hand to Sherlock, who reluctantly takes it and is pulled into a standing position and led into the kitchen.
The interview with the boy proved to be rather disappointing; all Sherlock could glean was what he had already been told: cat goes missing, and then the cat returns. They had given the cat a bath since it had returned, so Sherlock wasn't able to deduce much from just looking at the cat. It had behaved oddly, shrinking away from people in fear, as well as staring intently into space before freaking out and running to safety. Sherlock wasn't as cat behaviorist, and Cluedo never had fits like that, so he didn't quite know what the significance of it is. The cat had been covered in mud and debris, he had been told, but that could be easily chalked up to having gone missing for 2 weeks.
His boyfriend laughs. "Yes, he does that to us all. Anyway, I just asked because you're looking at those crackers a little intensely. You don't have to have the hors d'oeuvres, but I'd like you to try some turkey later on. When they leave you can have whatever you'd like in return. Within reason."
John's mouth parts in disbelief, his eyes shining, sending another arrow of guilt through the detective.
Sherlock's hands tighten into deeper fists, and he keeps his eyes downcast. "I don't know. I've just never been interested. I thought I was aromantic for awhile--not feeling romantic attraction either--but that changed with you, and I thought maybe I would want to be intimate with you, but...I guess not. I still love you," he adds hastily, "but I don't feel anything sexual for you. It's not you, it's just how I am."
The kissing grows more desperate, more passionate, and Sherlock's hands find their way into John's hair, traveling down his back and under his T-shirt, and John feels his skin shiver at the welcome touch. He breaks the kiss and Sherlock pulls the shirt over his head, and at this, John pulls back farther.
The detective chews on this statement a while. As much as it pained him to admit it, he did want to talk some things over. Sometimes it was hard to talk to John around the whole boyfriend dynamic. A neutral party was probably the best bet for conversation.
"I'm sorry, Sherlock," John says, his eyes filled with secondhand hurt at the look on the detective's face. "I know how important privacy is to you, but these things happen. We don't have to talk about it, I've actually asked them not to say anything about it. They know it's your first case in months, and they're going to be gentle."
The words are out of Sherlock's mouth before he can register what he said. He immediately feels defensive and embarrassed, but he's not quite sure why.
After the movie was over, the two strip down and enter the shower, steam enveloping them like a blanket as they press together, bathed in hot water and love.
John felt Sherlock's breathing still for a moment, and he briefly regrets asking him so suddenly after last night. Still, the man had to eat something, yesterday all he had was tea with honey.
The sounds coming out of John's mouth are wretched, broken, and it's the worst sound Sherlock has ever heard in his life.
People were supposed to start arriving in less than an hour, at 7:00, and John was busy in the kitchen finishing up the food. It was mainly just hors d'oeuvres, but John was dead set on making a Christmas turkey that year. He had started cooking it at noon, and it was looking like it wouldn't be ready for another hour. He could tell John was stressing about it, but he didn't really know how to help with that. Comforting people wasn't really his strong suit, and he felt guilty because he knows that John would drop anything and everything just to make him feel better.
"I'll be there in a minute. I'm fine." Sherlock lies. He glances at his wrist, where blood was still running freely down his forearm. If he stops now he can probably get away with it. There was still the issue of obtaining a new razor before his scruff becomes noticeable, but he'll burn that bridge when he comes to it.
Being with John always inspired this particular feeling, which had only intensified as they became involved with one another, but he had never taken time to name it until now. Feeling safe hasn't really been a thing up until his more recent years, but he did rather enjoy the feeling. It was nice to know that for once, taking care of and protecting himself wasn't entirely up to him now.
John had to agree. The two were cuddling in bed, watching the morning sun filter through the dust, turning the air alive with flecks of gold. Sherlock's head rests on the crook of John's neck, tickling his flatmate with his breaths. Sherlock 's hand sits on John's chest under his T-shirt, relishing the feeling of his heartbeat on his palm. He moves his hand to John's stomach, caressing his thumb over his boyfriend's skin.
Focusing on the book was difficult; the image of Sherlock convulsing and sobbing on a hospital room floor kept flashing across his retinas, and he couldn't help but feel a deep and profound sadness. He felt a little helpless as well. There was only so much he can do for Sherlock in that state; nothing he could say or do would make the panic attack cease. His chest aches at the thought of his boyfriend suffering from these regularly, alone and afraid, with no one to hold him afterward and tell him he's loved and that he'd be okay.
"It's fine." Sherlock says quietly. He was so damn ready to start a new life. That's what moving to London had been about: running from his problems to a place where no one knew how broken he was. But now that was ruined. Now people
"Well, I don't know, how else would you manage to hurt yourself for so many years when everyone was fighting to keep you from doing it? How else could you manage to do the things you do to yourself and still stay sane?"
"Go to sleep. Stop thinking, just for now. Listen," John says, pulling him closer, pressing his hand into the back of his head, pulling Sherlock's head close to his chest. Sherlock marvelled at how perfectly their bodies fit together, the curves and strength of John filling the edges and emptiness in Sherlock. He could hear his heart beating smoothly in his chest.
with people treating him like a child, like he was broken, like he had to be babysat. Where did his autonomy go? What, you spend a few weeks in a hospital and take a few pills and suddenly you're unable to be a free person? He was so fucking
Sherlock turns over with some difficulty, looking directly into John's eyes. "Doesn't it get exhausting? The whole empathy thing? I've never seen the point of it, but after today I just can't believe how exhausting it is to care about something as simple as a cat, even thought Cluedo wasn't in the least bit of danger."
Sherlock had just finished having breakfast with John, their hands interlocking on top of the table as Sherlock nibbled on his toast that he never finished.
"You're plenty strong, mate, you're just focusing your efforts on the wrong things." John says with a hint of a smile.
"You know, I've been standing here for ten minutes listening to you making yourself sick." Her voice shakes with sadness, her lower lip trembling.
Sherlock's face twists into disgust. "Oh, come on, not Lestrade! I hate Scotland Yard," he mutters under his breath. Suddenly, something hits him. "Do they know?"
Sherlock's face is covered with red speckles, heavily concentrated around his eyes and cheekbones. He turns his face away from John's, and the doctor drops his hand.
"I love you too," he says sleepily, thoroughly loving the feeling of John's arms wrapped around him.
"Am now. What's the matter, love?" John says gently, his eyes soft and kind. He reaches out to Sherlock and grabs his hand, squeezing it reassuringly, grounding the detective.
"What are you thinking about, love?" John asks softly, bringing Sherlock back into the present moment.
The detective nods, blinking hard and shaking his head. Some life is returning to his eyes, and he seems to wake up more with every sip of coffee. He was sitting up straighter now, and his usual sense of regality and confidence returns with each passing minute. It did John good to see him back to himself, more or less, even though he knew it was mostly a facade. John can't help but marvel at how the detective masquerades as normal and functioning almost 24/7, even after being reduced to a heaving mess upon a hospital floor not even 16 hours ago. John doesn't think he could ever have that much strength and courage. Yes, he had been in the military and had seen a lot of shit, but he always was relatively healthy. Fighting tooth and nail with his own mind every second of the day, and then appearing normal to everyone else? His grit had nothing on Sherlock's. But the worst thing? Sherlock didn't even know how strong he was.
It's John's turn to blush, but he gets up and piles blankets and pillows on the ratty couch in the den and snuggled into Sherlock.
"For..." Sherlock begins, trailing off as he stares hard at the wall in front of him. "For being...there...for me. I can't remember the last time I had someone with me during a panic attack...or at least was with me in a helpful, nonjudgmental way. It's...it's refreshing, to say the least." Each word came out haltingly, as if speaking was physically painful.
John looks briefly hurt, but shakes it off. Lately Sherlock has been feeling guilty when that happens. He used to not care who he hurt by being brutally honest, but there was something about the look of betrayal and sadness in John's face that made him hate himself for not being as loving as John is. Especially, he felt, because he didn't deserve the kindness John so freely gave.
With that, they're kissing again, John's hands hesitatingly roaming over Sherlock's body, his fingertips stuttering across the detective's ribs and spine, and John feels a brief pang of sadness at the fact that Sherlock still had bones sticking out against his skin, even after six months of coerced eating.
Sherlock smiles a bit. John wasn't even awake, but he was caring for him even in his sleep. Sherlock grips his shoulder more firmly, shaking slightly.
Sherlock's heart is full of love for this man. No one had ever done what John has done for him. Not his parents, not Mycroft, not Molly, not anyone who had claimed to care about him has done so much for him. He was almost painfully grateful for the love and patience the army doctor has done for him.
Sherlock laughs softly at this. He was never one for labels, but he knew from a rather young age that he wasn't entirely straight. The thought didn't plague him like it does so many others, but it was just a fact. Sherlock Holmes is not straight. He never had a boyfriend or girlfriend or any sort of significant other to prove it, but he knew what he liked. And he liked John.
John shrugs, "If you can't, then I'll just work harder. Nothing will stop me from getting you help, Sherl. If I can't do it then I'll find someone who can. I love you, okay?"
He had been purging for close to fifteen minutes. He had gotten everything up in the first ten, but he couldn't stop raking his fingers down the back of his throat, obsessed with getting each tiny morsel of food out of his body and down the toilet. His knuckles bled, his throat was raw, and snot and tears dripped off his face and blurred his vision. Nothing but bile was coming up, but the detective knew the statistic that stated you could only purge up to 80% of what you ate, but goddammit,
"Habit, I suppose," Sherlock murmurs as he washes the blood down the sink in an orangey stream. He bandages his arms and walks out of the bathroom.
"No, it's fine. I just wasn't aware it...impacted others so greatly." Sherlock admits, not meeting Molly's eye.
He had seen a lot of panic attacks in his day. Working at a hospital meant that many patients with mental illnesses would be checked in, and panic attacks were a weekly occurrence in his profession. He was always very clinical about it, not allowing himself to react emotionally, even though watching someone's mind and body rebel against them to the point of convulsions wasn't exactly relaxing. He could handle pretty much anything thrown at him.
with the emotion was often a much more arduous task, but he still felt rather proud of himself for being able to identify  his emotions so well up to this point.
Sherlock nods, and downs the rest of his now room-temperature coffee. John exits the room, and Sherlock gets up, his muscles and joints protesting. After panic attacks, he was always left so terribly sore and his muscles ached for days. He was used to it, but it had been awhile since his last full-fledged attack, and the painful tenderness wasn't exactly welcome.
When their lips meet, everything else melts away as if it's the first time all over again. The first real kiss, not when John kissed him out of desperation when he was spilling his life story. Calories, carbs, trans fat, and kilograms disappear as they kiss, and Sherlock wants to stay like this forever.
"Well...yeah, I suppose, for you, but not for me." Sherlock grits his teeth, annoyed at himself for coming to pieces for a damn number.
It wasn't a lot, given how his stomach had shrunk, but he ate enough to where his stomach hurt, and with each bite he felt more and more out of control. He was full, so why couldn't he stop?!
"No." Sherlock says, a bit too quickly. Although he enjoys having John compliment him, he was beginning to feel a little uncomfortable with it. Logically, he knew John wouldn't lie to him or make anything up. But he couldn't stop the deep, prickly feeling that made him question everything he said.
John slowly untangles himself from Sherlock, careful not to wake him up as he disengages. It was still rather early, perhaps around 8:45 in the evening, and he still had some paperwork to do before the week was over. He no longer felt anxious about leaving his boyfriend alone in the bedroom anymore; he had grown fairly confident in Sherlock's ability to come find him if he felt the need to hurt himself.
"I'm sorry, that was rather forward. I just...we missed you a lot--I missed you a lot. And I was terribly worried about you. It's just nice to see you looking well."
"I'm proud of you, love," John says between mouthfuls of food. "Cooking dinner, then eating it. Lots of progress. It does me good to see you healing."
"I know," he says quietly, staring straight ahead. "I just wished I could have kept this to myself."
Sherlock strains to hear if John is awake, but he can't discern where he is from this far away. He figures he would have come to find him if he knew he was missing, so he was safe to cut.
20 minutes later, the two were back in Scotland Yard, and Sherlock's heart was about to hammer out of his chest. His grip on John's hand was a bit tight, and he had to force himself to relax his muscles every few minutes. It was so unlike him to be so rattled, but after yesterday, most of his confidence had been shattered.
His intense inner battle is interrupted by a ridiculously tiny mew. He jerks his head up, making eye contact with the little black kitten that had appeared in the doorway.
"I...thank you..." Sherlock says, a little uncertainly. "I missed being here last year as well. It's good to see you too, Molly."
Lestrade and Donovan exchange looks, which Sherlock doesn't like, but he presses on, trying to act like he used to.
John looks at him skeptically, biting his cheek and cocking his head in a way that made Sherlock's insides feel funny.
"Never mind. I'm just going to check now, okay? Roll up your sleeves, mate." John says certainly, as if he knew Sherlock would obey.
Molly takes a step forward and hugs Sherlock, something she had never done before. He finds his arms around her almost reflexively. She squeezes him tightly, then pulls back, a little too quickly.
Sherlock manages to get a handle on the crying long enough to get out of bed, trying not to wake John as the mattress creaks under the displaced weight. He staggers to the bathroom and shuts the door behind him, making sure to lock it.
"How? How'd you stop? You can't tell me you just up and quit." Sherlock says, his eyes desperate and searching John's face for some tell, an answer to the pain plaguing his life.
John pushed Sherlock away slightly, just far enough so he can make eye contact. "Never, my love. I'm yours, and yours alone. I can...make do. The internet is a wonderful place," he says with a wink. "Unless that bothers you?"
"Well, yeah, I hope so, or this would be a little awkward." John jokes, but then turns serious when he sees Sherlock's expression. "Of course I love you, Sherly. Why do you ask?"
Sherlock nods and tries to give John a grateful look before taking the cup of tea and sipping it. It was warm, and the heat travelled down his throat and spread across his chest, effectively calming his nerves and stilling his still slightly trembling hands. He doesn't quite remember the calorie count in Earl Grey tea, it's not high, but he can taste some honey in the tea and briefly wonders how many unseen calories he's consuming. He's too exhausted to attempt mental calculations, so he just sighs and leans into John.
Sherlock had laid back down after John started playing with his hair, and he turns over onto his side to face John at this. "Really? What was it, then?"
John shakes his head and returns to the kitchen. He recently has been trying to learn to cook. Fish and chips and other fast food was on the list of Sherlock's "fear foods"--foods that he absolutely refused to eat for fear of weight gain. John couldn't very well force him to eat junk food, but hopefully he would be more receptive to healthy, home cooked meals. He wasn't very good at it yet, but so far he has not set the flat on fire, so John is calling that a win.
The detective cups the side of his flatmate's face, one hand resting on the back of his neck. John grasps Sherlock's left wrist--dangerously close to discovering the new cuts made moments before--and Sherlock exhales slightly in pain, but  hopes John doesn't notice.
John runs his hands through his hair for the millionth time today, as if his follicles held the answer to his problem. "Well...I guess we'll just have to do it the old fashioned way and go out and look."
While the documentary was fascinating, Sherlock couldn't help but submit to the wonderful sensation of John stroking his hair. If Sherlock were a cat himself, he would be purring up a storm.
"Good morning, love," John says with a smile, reaching out to brush his thumb over his boyfriend's sharp cheekbones.
"Alright, love," John murmurs, almost as if to himself. He reaches into the freezer, past the bag of thumbs and under the frozen mystery substances, and pulls out some frozen chicken breasts.
It's John again, but he's in his flat that he lived in after Baker Street. He holds a gun to his head, his eyes squeezed shut as he pulls the trigger. Sherlock is deafened by the sound, and he wakes up with a start.
But what to do about that? Send him away to a looney bin for a few more weeks? Pump him full of IV nutrients and drug him out of his mind? The most important thing about recovery is honesty and will to change, and John wasn't sure Sherlock had much of either.
Sherlock stirs next to him, and John pushes the upsetting thoughts away as he closed his book and turned to face the detective.
"Hello, Molly," Sherlock replies, giving her a once-over as well. A new dress, but not too revealing; her bag held a a few gifts that look to be professionally wrapped; she was wearing perfume, but not too much; and her makeup accentuated everything the way it should without being over the top. It was obvious she was taking precautions to avoid being deduced and called out on her attempt to impress Sherlock. He knew she still fancied him, but she had respectfully backed off once she found out he and John were an item, which Sherlock appreciated.
Suddenly, Sherlock wakes with a start as he feels hands on his shoulders shaking him. He opens his eyes blearily and squinted at the two forms in front of him.
A brief flicker of annoyance across his therapists face, but he covers it with a strained smile. He guestures to the armchair next to the shuttered windows, and Sherlock delicately sits down.
Much hello-ing and hugging and laughing is offered, and Sherlock finds himself among them, feeling for once in his life as if he belongs somewhere, that he is not merely tolerated, but liked, even loved, and it feels wonderful.
A salad. That does sound good. Not too high in calories, but still tasty. Sherlock nods in agreement.
Sherlock opens his mouth to argue, ready to rapid-fire self-deprecating protests, but deflates a bit. Arguments are getting tiring these days. It used to be easy to attack and parry words and insults, but now it was more exhausting than cathartic. He doesn't know why, that's just how he is now.
He slips on his coat and ties his scarf, trying to feel normal again. He needed to get back into his usual mindset if he were going to make it through the case emotionally intact. A few deep breaths, and Sherlock starts to slip back into his old personality again.
"Yeah sure whatever mate." John laughs, looking down and shaking his head as his face filled with warmth.
Sherlock sits at the kitchen tables and offers his arm. John swabs it with a antiseptic wipe, which stings a little. After that, John threads the suture needle and begins working. It only took three stitches to close, but Sherlock knew it was three more than John had hoped to stitch tonight.
"I figured you wouldn't want to eat anything right now, but I thought you'd might like a cuppa. The grapes are for me, but you're welcome to have them."
"Yeah, I know. To be honest, I thought it might help you take care of yourself if you had another living thing to take care of. Something that needed you alive to survive itself. So...I brought her home." John finishes, rocking slightly on his heels in anticipation.
"Well, all right then," John says, scribbling numbers into a notepad that he kept hidden from the detective.
"Look: you never have to speak about things that you aren't ready to talk about. But sitting there silent and petulant isn't going to help you, and honestly, Sherlock, I don't really see you having any kind of quality of life if you don't try. I don't really see you having much more life ahead of you if you don't  try and fight what has been a part of you for your entire life." Frank looks at his watch, allowing Sherlock a moment to compose himself again. Before he can say anything, the therapist speaks again.
John looks at the reader, his expression unreadable. Sherlock has to bite the inside of his cheek hard to keep him from asking what the number was, but he winces when he chomps down on the skin, raw from being chewed on constantly.
"Okay, I think I have to get to work..." John murmurs into his boyfriend's lips, but makes no move to leave.
"Does it matter? They never come when called." Sherlock says petulantly, still eyeing the cat as if it were a creature of the deep.
"How's the most beautiful man in the world today?" Sherlock says, gliding into the room and pressing a kiss to John's greying strands.
But there was no denying it. Sherlock was doing better. His relapses were fewer and farther between, and he was less than a stone away from being in a healthy weight range. Mentally, John knew that it was still a battlefield for him. But at least he wasn't in physical danger anymore. And John doesn't think he's as suicidal anymore either. It's difficult for Sherlock to open up about such feelings, but he doesn't have that same desolate, dead look in his eyes anymore. And that was progress.
Sherlock breaks the kiss to pull his purple button-down up over his head, and he crosses his arms a little in front of his stomach, doubt clouding his mind.
"You never thought that I cared about you? You never thought that I would resort to cutting myself to escape from the pain of losing you? Compared to what the Fall did to me, these scars are nothing,
"It's just the capillaries in my face, John," he says, rather irritably. "They burst when I have panic attacks and I get the little freckles for about a week before they clear up. They look like hell, but it's normal. My normal, anyway."
After the lettuce is chopped up, John leaves the detective to work on some of the strawberries and snap peas they were adding, while he washes some spinach and slices some onions. The two work in comfortable silence, punctuated by knives chopping and scraping against cutting boards. John begins to hum a tune that Sherlock didn't recognize, but finds himself swaying slightly to the beat. He's not really one for music, but anything that John does is worth experiencing.
John inhales deeply, opening his eyes and shifts so that the hand cupping Sherlock's face is propping him up on the pillow. Sherlock's cheek feels suddenly cold with the warmth of his hand gone.
Sherlock is quiet, seemingly deep in thought. After a few seconds, he replies, "Maybe. I don't like giving up, I never have, but there was something so damn
John sighs with relief, running a hand through his greying hair. "Okay. That's good enough for now. Christ, I really am running late," he mumbles, glancing at his watch. "I'll be checking the severity of the wounds later, Sherl, I have to go now. I'm going to ask Mrs. Hudson to keep an eye on you--don't argue with me, Sherlock, not after what you've just done," he says sternly when Sherlock opens his mouth to argue, "--so just...be good, okay?"
"I'm sorry," Sherlock says quietly. Saying sorry was still difficult, but it wasn't quite like pulling teeth anymore. "I know you've helped me a lot, I didn't mean what I said."
He gently, ever so gently, slides his hands to Sherlock's waist, his fingers barely touching the detective's skin under his day-old shirt, before slipping his hand under the shirt and resting there at his waist. Sherlock's lips stall, and he pulls back a bit, inhaling sharply. John immediately jerks his hand back, already feeling guilty for pushing his boyfriend's boundaries like that without asking for consent.
!" He angrily mutters, smacking the side of his head and tugging on his hair a bit in frustration. Why the ever-loving
John is standing right outside the bathroom door, stumbling back when Sherlock opens the door in his face.
"I haven't, actually, but I'm not really all that hungry..." Sherlock tries to protest, staring at the food on his plate. He had intended to eat at the party, but after googling how many calories a tiny hors d'oeuvre could pack, his resolve weakened with every passing moment. Not to mention the turkey and the cider and the champagne and the cake afterwards....it was too much. He couldn't do it.
"What do you say, then? You can choose tonight, I've got a surprise for dinner." John says, winking at Sherlock. The detective can't tell if the fluttering in his belly was from the wink or from the thought of the words "surprise" and "dinner" in the same sentence.
Sherlock is made aware of a hand on his back--rather, just five fingertips gently resting on his right shoulder blade. The touch grounds him, but doesn't overwhelm him in his raw, vulnerable state. John says nothing, just continues keeping his fingers on his boyfriend's back until his sobs turn to whimpers, his gasps turn to shudders, and the twitching of his hands still into slight tremors. Slowly, after what feels like centuries, the detective pushes himself off his hands and knees and rocks back into a kneeling position, his head still bowed and his hands closed into fists.
The documentary John had rented is playing, and it was tracing the ancestry of cats all the way back to Egypt, where the first domesticated cat is thought to have originated. Sherlock is paying rapt attention to the film, but John finds it hard to focus on the TV when his own beauty is next to him, and John is allowing himself to indulge in what he had always itched to do ever since he met Sherlock: run his hands through his hair. The thick, curly longs feel so wonderfully right in his fingers, and John feels like maybe, just maybe, they'll make it out all right.
A knock at the door startles him, and fear rushes into his system as he freezes where he is, his fingers still partway in his mouth.
Silence again, another exchanging of looks. Sherlock whirls around, coat and scarf flapping dramatically, and grabs John by the hand and pulling him with him. His grip on his boyfriend's hand is a little too tight, but John, as always, endures.
Later, when both men were curled up in the two twin sized beds they shoved together, John turns over to look Sherlock in the eye.
Sherlock is silent. It almost didn't occur to him that other adults have faced this too. Every time he was in a hospital, it was always with teenagers and the occasional twenty something. Even in the adult ward, most of the residents were either drug addicts, abuse victims, or had anger issues. He was generally the only one who actively self-harmed and had an ongoing eating disorder. It was often treated by the other patients, even the staff, as if it were something teenage girls with daddy issues did for attention, not something that has held him hostage for most of his life.
Sherlock nods, saying nothing, too irritated at the fact that Frank was right to formulate a rebuttal. The therapist leans back into the armchair again, crossing one ankle onto his other knee, a non-threatening and open gesture he probably studied in college.
He undresses and crawls into bed with Sherlock, settling on his side so they were back to back. He feels his boyfriend unconsciously move closer, and John relished the warmth of Sherlock's body pressed against him.
"Oh, these cracker things are lovely, did you make them, Sherlock?" Lestrade says through a mouthful of food.
"Uhm..." Sherlock mumbles into John's side. John can practically hear the gears turning in his mind. He was obviously still exhausted from the night before. "I don't know...whatever you want..."
It wasn't going to be as big of a gathering as usual, just Sherlock, John, Molly, Greg, and a brief appearance from Mycroft. Sherlock never really liked most of the others that showed up, and John had suggested a smaller gathering this year, so the rest were cut from the list. More intimate functions were his speed; there was just less anxiety with less people.
"If I kiss you, will you stop making that horrific face?" Sherlock says with a smile, trying to distract John.
"We are, my impatient one, just relax a bit," John says with a smile, "I just have to make you wait so that if he evening falls flat then you'll still enjoy it because you had to wait."
John looks over at the couch where Sherlock lay, making sure he was still okay. A cup of hot tea sat on the coffe table in front of him, half empty.
John felt kind of silly praying--he had never been much of a churchgoing type, but he didn't know what to do now.
Sherlock leans over and hesitantly kisses John's forehead, relishing the way his boyfriend shyly smiled as if it were the first time all over again.
But in this moment, Sherlock felt pretty close to what he thought the girl must have felt in her last moments.
Sherlock's eyes snap up to John's. "Yes, I'm doing alright. Lestrade was just...testing my patience."
"Oi, you're not allowed to talk. You asked me to to describe you, so I am. Shut your lovely mouth, please."
John just smiles kindly, and lays back down on the bed, pulling Sherlock down with him and locking him in a warm embrace.
Sherlock feels briefly irritated at the simplicity of the case, but he figures it's better than nothing.
After dinner, Sherlock helps John with the washing up, buzzing with anticipation. It was the third meal he had eaten and finished, and he hoped that was enough to convince John of his recovery.
He hears John sigh, and he can picture him pinching the bridge of his nose and running his hand through his hair. Guilt and shame eat at the detective, and he hates himself for all the pain he's caused. John didn't ask for this. Who the hell would?
Sherlock looks up from the back of the tea box he was studying--looking at the nutrition facts, no doubt, but John doesn't really care to get into a row over that at the moment--and narrows his eyes suspiciously. "What kind of surprise?"
