This dream had been plaguing him for months now. It was a dream based on reality. The man had pulled Tony aside after a press conference and revealed that he was being haunted by ghosts. As a scientist, Tony had dismissed the man altogether, but the last sentence that Mr. Likart had spoken to him, struck a nerve that he couldn’t satiate. Try as he might, Tony couldn’t forget the conversation. A conversation that he had with an individual who was now dead. Potentially because of Tony.
Tonee
Tears wormed their ways through Steve’s eyelashes and splashed down on the concrete before he angrily pulled himself up, removing his hand off of Tony’s wound and sliding one arm underneath the man’s knees and the other behind his neck. He stood and carefully lifted Tony before walking towards the door.
“It’s okay. You are doing what you have to- to make sure we survive.”
“Son of a bitch is right, you stupid fuck.” Another slap across the other side of his face. “Just because the gun isn’t to your fucking temple, doesn’t mean that it doesn’t exist.”
On this day, they were using it as soap. Tony had slid off his pants with one functioning hand and proceeded to self-consciously cover his genitals with nearby leaves. Steve returned with the seashell container and kneeled by the water.
“Now, now, now Captain… Don’t take it the wrong way… I just… I-uhm,” Justin sputtered and then stood angrily, fear making him try to intimidate Steve instead of pleading with him. Steve was between him and the door, blocking the quick exit he tried to make after his ascension from the floor.
Steve flushed and sharply turned, seemingly like a robot, and left the hut without so much as another word.
. Your signature quote.” Sarcasm.
“Different attitude than a few weeks ago. I like it.”
I don't know much about boats, but I sure do know I love y'all! Thank you for the comments and kudos. :)
“You royally pissed me off these last few weeks…” Steve said coyly, smirking at the irritation on his lover’s face.
“The way you two act, it’s hard to distinguish you from lovers. This little shit sat up here sniffling like a wounded babe until I got here. I knocked him a good one… so hard that maybe he will forget who you are Captain Rogers.” The villain’s voice was thick with an accent, although Steve couldn’t tell which. Captain came out as
Steve didn’t feel Tony’s breath on his neck anymore and the man was freezing cold, an icy brick against Steve. He shook again but got nothing in return.
The mental image that he conjured up of himself involved him looking like a bulky, steroid-induced child. His cheeks were still round with what some would call “baby fat”, even after his 70 years sealed in the Arctic ocean. With the lack of hair framing his face, it just made him appear rounder and fuller.
“I doubt a couple would split up on their honeymoon,” Tony replied.
rescue was coming, he supposed. He didn’t know if any of his fellow Avengers had been captured or caught in the blast, or exactly how far the blast had reached. Worry filled his every feature. Worry for Tony. Worry for his comrades. Worry for himself came last.
Steve’s eyes and mouth widened in surprise at the physical contact. He barely stumbled backwards from Tony’s push. Tony pushing him was like a child pushing a full-sized SUV; it didn’t produce very much movement.
A storm raged outside of the ship, lightning and crashing waves further drowning out the shrieks for help.
Steve whispered, “It’ll be okay… it will all be okay, Tony.”
Tony’s eyes rolled into the back of his head as each stroke brought him closer and closer to finishing into Steve’s palm. When his eyes would roll back down, he would trail over Steve’s broad, hairless chest and his abs, glistening with the sweat from their intimacy.
“Yeah, seriously- YEAH!.” Rhodey obviously didn’t appreciate Tony’s sense of humor today but yelled the latter sentiment cheerfully as a plane exploded and fell in an orange heap on the white laden ground. Steve swallowed at their jokes, feeling the responsibility of the battle calling for him over the awkward banter between him and Tony.
“What happened down there? You seem different and… well… your bond with him is particularly changed.” She glanced at their clasped hands.
Hammer stopped and stared, a grin on his face.
Unfortunately, he would have to leave Tony alone to perform any of them. Not knowing if they were the only survivors made Steve wary about leaving the mechanic out in the open, so he took palm fronds and stanchioned them in the sand, covering Tony’s form seamlessly. It was mostly inconspicuous, if you didn’t look too hard.
“Oh, stop being pussies and get him ready for me!” Hammer sounded impatient at this point, enjoying Tony’s miserable facial expressions as he witnessed his lover getting prepared for rape.
Tony looked a little flabbergasted as the AI alerted him to this hiccup. “You can’t be serious. A system so advanced that it will take you
These emerging feelings exacerbated the anger that Steve had for himself. During the soldier’s fitful rest during the previous night, he kept thinking of sharing the bed with Tony. Those thoughts would move into Tony accidentally touching him, then intentionally touching him, followed by things that made Steve blush from his head to his toes. The sex closet
Tony’s mouth gaped in horror. A scream built into his chest, but the muscles of his throat were so tight that it couldn’t penetrate his mouth. He couldn’t breathe, move, or blink. He could only stare at the distorted face staring back at him.
Again, and again he called out, voice barely above a hoarse whisper. He couldn’t generate any more force, despite squeezing his eyes in determination. His breathing quickened at the lack of response, chest moving up and down rapidly and eyes shooting open wide in fear.
The kitten sat there for a few minutes before kneading his torn pants leg and curling up into him.
“No clue… been trying to figure it out for the last few what I suspect to be hours.”
Tony retched again and emptied pure bile onto the sandy beach.
“Tony, I am going to have to set your arm… god… I am so sorry.” Steve prayed for Tony to remain unconscious as he began his work. No such luck.
Steve ignored him, placed his feet against the rock, and extended his legs slowly, raising it off of the mangled arm beneath it.
Steve glanced back at Tony and his face softened. He had just confessed his feelings to this man. This vulnerable, wounded man in front of him. Tony’s eyes were clenched shut and he moaned out Steve’s name. His black body suit was torn in several places, revealing soft, tanned skin and bloody gashes that lightly poured blood due to some sort of failed clotting factor or re-tearing of the skin. His black hair had lost its typical gel-induced shine and style, and was now in ringlets along his forehead, lightly dusted with debris, blood, and frost.
The rocks ended a few feet behind him and met softly worn sand and seashells. It would have been a beautiful landscape if not for Tony’s situation and the fact that the whole beach was littered with wood, random pieces of technical instruments, and a dozen or so dead bodies.
“It’s decided then!” Sam clapped his hands and started for the door at a near jog. He decided it was in his best interests not to argue for the cruise ship because a) he was exhausted from a three-week tirade in Monaco and b) no one argued with Natasha except for Tony and Steve. The other Avengers shrugged and sluggishly moved towards the metal door.
The concrete walls were still there. The barred door was still there. The drain in the middle of the floor was still there. Everything was how it had been before he lost consciousness, except for Tony.
…. Don’t-hurt-him.” There was a sudden strength behind his last three words that Steve hadn’t heard since the first time Justin had fucked Tony.
Steve sat on Tony’s left shoulder, mechanic’s arm between his crouched legs. He looked over his shoulder at the man. Tony was very obviously already in pain but was handling it. He had a large stick in between his teeth and gnawed down on it.
Steve rolled over and immediately began coughing up water and sand. Soon his coughing fit turned into gagging and heaving up the ocean water that had settled in his stomach. He wiped off his mouth and sat up.
Grabbing the chains still manacled to his wrists, he ignored the pain and bolted for the door. As he threw it open, Steve was thrown backward by another lurch, this time flipping over on himself.
Steve had to rest. His bloodied feet needed to be wrapped and he needed water. He sat on a rock by the seaside and tore off strips from his pants, turning them into a pair of shorts; he wrapped the cloth around his ankles and soles for protection.
Steve looked up from his wood pile where he had been staring for about 5 minutes, thoughtless. He swallowed and looked at the tangled mess that was the mechanic’s left arm.
“He was here Steve.... he says he is going to kill us.”
Steve stood in the darkness. His breathing quickened, and he found himself slowly falling into a panic attack as he realized he didn’t know where he was, and he didn’t know where Tony was.
Slowly, very slowly, the genius’ head shifted, turning to face his make-shift medic. His eyes were full of unshed tears and vomit-mixed drool streamed from the corners of his mouth. There were dark circles rimming the bottoms of his eyes.
Tony cocked his head to the side, smiling a little because that story, about the burrito, was true. “Touché.”
A few seconds passed and there was another beep.
Steve coughed and opened his palm in gesture for Tony to lead the way to their corner while also nabbing two fluffy pillows from the couch. On arrival to what was, apparently, Tony’s safe spot, he tossed the cushions onto the floor and plopped down on the purple one opposite the corner. Tony looked around briefly before sitting with his back facing the right angle.
“I’m peachy keen, honey. You’re the one who just got smacked in the face by Sir Dicks a Lot.” Tony paused at Steve’s exasperated sigh to Tony’s always present ability to make fun of desperate situations. “Wish I could take a look at your nose, but I am a bit tied up right now. Are you hurt anywhere else?”
“STEVE!”
They used the coconut oil for everything. Tony had the idea for producing it and Steve had been the person executing the task of harvesting it. The coconut would be cracked open, flesh dried out, and then pounded with a rock to express the oil. It took quite a few coconuts but eventually they had a whole seashell full. They ate it, used it for flavoring, as soap and lotion, and as a salve for their sunburns.
“’M cold…”
“Let him go…”
Despite the lapse in time, every day Steve would go out to the shores and find pieces of luggage or trinkets. Gold necklaces. Shoes. Shattered plates and cups. Some packaged foods, like Twinkies, would float gradually in the frothy mix on top of the water’s surface. Steve saved the sweet treat for when Tony woke up.
He wasn’t really sure what to think. Steve felt a large sense of confusion relating to Tony and his pursuits. Surely Tony Stark was just playing the role of husband or just trying to be a good teammate (but making it awkward) and that the genius’s silence was due to stress or deep thought. Steve continued to discredit any feelings of hope that kept rising in the back of his throat.
Tony grumbled in response, throwing his head backwards, accidentally slamming it on the rock behind him.
Tony would be fine. He would make sure of it.
“Hello?” Steve’s voice rang out, a little hoarse from dehydration.
The doctor grabbed the slender cauterizing pen, rearranging the wire under her arm, and leaned down towards Tony’s stomach.
Steve knelt down beside him, careful of his arm, and slid his hand on Tony’s bare chest.
Despite their proximity and the desperation of their situation, they had remained mostly silent since Steve had tried to kiss Tony. Steve, in a fitful dream, had murmured the name “Billie” over and over again until finally, when he woke up, Tony questioned him into revealing the boulder who had become Steve’s friend during Tony’s coma.
“Use both hands.”
“I don’t like you…” Tony’s face fell and he began to withdraw his hand, “…I love you.”
A lady twirled by them in what appeared to be a poodle skirt (wrong era, but who were they to tell her that), laid a hand on Tony’s arm and whispered softly, “You two should really be out here… no one judges. You are both adorable.” She was subsequently whisked off by her husband as they rotated around the wooden floor.
“Billie… do you mind if I cover you up? I just- I don’t want you to watch us sleep, y’know?”
“I got you.”
The soldier winced, feeling guilty for the pain that he was causing the man beneath him. Tony’s arm flexed in between his legs, attempting to pull away; Steve held it firmly.
Still, if he was being honest with himself he
As he stood up, he heard a hacking cough behind him. He turned sharply, fists at the ready in defense. There was nothing behind him. Only bodies littering the ground. But in the distance, he saw a small form, curled in on itself. The cough came from the little person pile.
The figure went completely still and then a muffled “…Tony?” came back in response. Tony could hear how nasally Steve’s voice was due to the nasal inflammation from the gun strike. “Are you okay? What’s going on? Do you know where we are?”
Tony looked at him incredulously, frowning in denial and clearly offended, “There is
What was above the water’s rocking surface didn’t bode much better than what had been inside the ship. The sky above clamored as lightning splashed across a dark background and thunder rumbled. The waves roared as they swelled to threatening heights before washing away everything in their path.
“Get… off…” Quieter now.
The boat lurched to one side and unintentionally, but not unpleased with himself, one of the minions jammed his knife deep into Steve’s chest. The super soldier sputtered in shock of both the knife and the ship’s sudden change in positioning.
The guards barely hoisted the form up and rushed it against the wall, the bag slamming with a thud and a pained hiss against the hard, concrete wall. The bag was then slid over and nestled into a waist restraint hooked into the wall. The men clicked the metal ends together, locking it with an oddly shaped key that they then tucked into their front breast pocket. Another restraint, further up on the wall, was then bound against the top portion of the body bag and yet another towards the bottom.
He felt sick. He felt the sperm crawling their way out of his throat again and he turned his head to the side, throwing up pure, hungry bile in a pile on the floor.
Steve, noticing the distraction, grabbed Tony’s arm and jerked him back to attention. “Hey
He smacked his dry mouth in response to seeing the liquid and tried to push himself up before faltering and landing down against the log behind him with a crack. It was rotting, so he fell through the wood fibers quickly and found himself staring directly up through the canopies of the trees behind him.
Tony moaned as Steve rimmed him, cupping his sore balls as he did so.
At this point in time, Tony would typically roll his hips to shove Steve over, taking control of the situation, but as he was surrounded by the hole’s sandy walls, his movement was greatly inhibited. He bucked wildly instead, unsuccessful at inciting anything from the man teasing him.
“Please… stay with me…”
He hurt and was hungry and thirsty, but he could barely focus on his own pains. Tony had been rotated so that he was facing the front of the room and Steve positioned to his right. Tony had spoken some, but barely, and when he did speak his voice was hoarse and phlegmy, as if he still had Hammer’s solution stuck in the recesses of his throat. Tony had made subtle jokes about their predicament, but Steve knew that there was inner turmoil within him and that he was trying to mask the fear, the pain, and the shame with a plucky attitude.
“Fear not Tony! Your husband will return as always!” Black Widow had spoken to Tony, to no avail, as he still sobbed.
They had made a makeshift sling out of old clothing for his wounded arm. Any movement as Steve guided Tony towards the small pool of water that Steve called the bathtub, and Tony would whimper, earning him concerned looks from his comrade.
“No, no…” Steve raised up and spit into his other hand before trailing his moist fingers along Tony’s chest, abdomen, and pubic bone. Softly he caressed the head of Tony’s penis, running his index finger along the slit. Tony, void of touch for so long, arched his back and moaned into his mouth.
“What if I bring up something else?” Steve’s upper body lowered to where he could reach in between Tony’s suit-clad thighs and rub up and down, tantalizingly below Tony’s groin.
Steve woke with a start, gasping for air. He sat upright but immediately regretted his decision to do so as pain split up the side of his head. He groaned and tried to raise his left hand towards his temple but found that his fingers were stuck under something heavy. He groaned and tried to get his bearings, not knowing where he was or what was going on.
“Oh? Mr. Stark? I thought I already provided you with a grand enough vision of his death.” It was the man with the metal appendages that was speaking to him. The pig-faced man who threw Tony overboard.
“What are you doing?” Tony, shocked, scooted to the side so that the super soldiers skin wasn’t touching him. It was then that he noticed Steve’s topless form, covered in goosepimples and nipples a deep purplish-blue. The genius blinked, quickly determining that, despite the fever that was apparently raging through him, it was well below freezing in the bunker. The water that dripped from the broken pipes above was frozen and the rocks glistened from the humidity that now dusted them with frost.
Steve, serum not quite giving him the full ability to see in the dark, pulled out his phone and hit the screen to turn on the flash light. “Tony?” he brought the phone up to the corner where the mechanic had sat.
In the middle of the Disney brick universe was a tall tower composed of grey and blue blocks, triangular in shape, and with a giant “A” popped into the skyscraper’s front and firmly attached by the durable fixing cylinders.
“What?”
“Don’t worry- I didn’t ride it up here like that. It flips over to a normal seat.”
As expected the larger hand slipped into Tony’s and Steve found himself being gently pulled up (no easy task, but Tony managed). They maneuvered around the people walking and slipped their feet into the main pool, walking slowly down the concrete stairs and hissing as the cold water lapped at their warm flesh.
“IT DOESN’T FEEL GOOD
Tony laid in Steve’s arms, breathing fitfully. They had grasped hands after Steve’s declaration. No words.
“It’s that damn movie. The one that has Forrest Gump in it. That damn movie makes me dream that you are a volleyball. Your head just floats around on the water. I am not a dream interpreter… but I feel like that means something. What do you think, Billie?”
Again and a little louder, he cried out “STEVE?”
“Sir, you have not been out of the house for two weeks, nor socialized with anyone. I do think it would be benefic-“
Steve stood there for what felt like forever, hands trembling and breaths coming quickly. His eyes caught sight of black fibers on the concrete railing of the balconies below them and he didn’t know if it was from where Tony had banged into the railing before falling to his death or if his friend had somehow managed to avoid the water entirely by falling into the other balcony. The latter defied physics, but Steve held onto the hope.
“Don’t have to call me God…” a raspy, sarcastic answer fueled by fear. Tony smiled up at Steve but faltered when he began coughing.
As he wiggled his fingers, tickling Tony’s prostate, Steve admired the beautiful man before him. His Adam’s apple was covered in light stubble but his chin and upper lip still had the same character goatee and mustache. Yellow, purple, and orange cast over the man’s rippling chest and Steve found himself moaning in awe with the man currently wrapped around him. His dick bounced to tap Tony’s perineum and Tony cried out in pleasant surprise.
The scene before him was beautiful. The water was colored teal and lapped gracefully along bright yellow sands that surrounded the ship. A large sign reading “Prince George Wharf” was stanchioned in the sand with wooden beams. Multiple photo, food, and souvenir vendors sat outside of the ID gateway in little huts and carts. The island was lush with greenery of all sorts, trees, bushes, and flowers dotted the land vibrantly. It was truly beautiful.
He achingly turned his upper body, looking around behind him.
Their faces were inches apart and most of the distance was from the height difference between the two men. Steve saw Tony swallow and felt a little tug at his heart. Tony shrugged him off.
The doctor nodded her head slowly and motioned for the nurses to begin preparing the comatose man for diagnostics. “We don’t have too much anesthetic leftover from the wounded… it will be rough.”
“I would’ve rather you did…” Tony moaned out, dick pulsating between Steve’s abs and his own. Steve chuckled and let one hand fall from cupping Tony’s ass. He slid two fingers into his mouth, thoroughly coating them with his spit. Tony watched in awe as the man’s pink lips slid over each digit.
It was night. There were sand and rocks and more sand and more rocks. Some driftwood. He couldn’t make out the shoreline in the dark, but he could hear the water lapping against the sand. His pants were torn in multiple places and his shirt was still gone. There was a light red mark on his chest where the knife had been embedded, however it was scarred over.
Apparently, Tony could not get himself up the stairs, since he had remained face down on them, drool pooling at the side of his mouth; he snored slightly. Steve slid an arm below him and hoisted Tony up, dragging him not so gently up the stairs, the drunkard groaning and mumbling grumpily along the way. Steve positioned him in his arms carefully and then let Tony drop onto the bed where he bounced up and giggled. Sliding his feet over the foot of the bed, Steve removed Tony’s shoes and yanked the blanket out from under him to cover him up.
“Dude…. I don’t even want to know.
,” Tony howled.
“Please Steve… please, just fuck me already!”
“Oh no worries! I’ve thought that since the day I met you!” Steve slapped Tony firmly in between his shoulder blades and guided him through the glass doors and up the stairs.
Justin could feel Tony’s tight heat surrounding him and the defeated air surrounding him was intoxicating. He felt strong, powerful, and dominant as Tony’s walls clenched, the cramped friction rubbing the head of his penis in just the right way.
There were a few moments of silence between the two men. Steve leaned back, butt resting on the edge of Tony’s desk, arms and ankles crossed in stubborn concern.
“Then we have to play it safe. He could kill me easily, and he could kill you too. I can’t. I can’t lose you. We have to get to somewhere safe.” Tony started hyperventilating, still crying from his previous altercation with the metal clad man.
“Yes, Captain
“It’s nothing tangible that I am after Cap…Just good old-fashioned revenge and potentially murder if it gets to that.” He struck Tony again, causing Tony to jerk his mouth open in a silent scream. “Kidney bruises hurt, huh pal?”
The man glared at Tony, then Steve, and then at the people who had stopped playing their games and were staring at the drama. The man dropped Patricia’s wrist forcefully. Patricia gingerly rubbed at it and looked down, seeming defeated and embarrassed by the ruckus. The man was still staring down at Tony, awkwardly close, and Tony thought for a moment that the guy was going to punch him in the face.
Tony sniffled and then nodded, sort of intimidated by the firmness of the soldier in front of him. The mechanic went into an adrenaline-based daze afterwards but stayed awake. His arm throbbed, but he felt numb. He didn’t care what Steve was saying, this man could hurt them both and it was up to Tony to save them.
“You don’t even know what I was going to say Tones!”
“You sound very sure, Mr. Rogers.” The man chortled.
Clint, silent and bleary eyed during this whole conversation, perked up at Steve’s latest comment. “I volunteer as tribute.” He offered, raising his steaming coffee mug to further cement his eagerness.
Steve whispered, “Don’t call me Cap… I’m Seth Richards, remember? We are close to the ship now. Disguises?
“But-“
Tony had popped on a suit similar to what he had worn the day before, while Steve had opted for some breathable shorts, flip flops, and a tight-fitting shirt. His counterpart had been uncharacteristically quiet for most of the morning, even considering his omnipresent hangover. His communications with Steve had all been related to the mission and work, rarely anything else.
They were fucked.
He yelled up the stairs to Tony, “I can’t find mine either. Someone must have swiped them. I didn’t even pull mine out last night.”
Steve blinked, obviously confused but concern and paternal instincts flooded through him as he walked closer. “Hey, what’s going on?” He stepped towards her and a low whine sounded out with his first step.
“I have to go, Tony.” Steve hadn’t noticed, but Tony’s arm lay gingerly over his resting belly, his small fingers clasping tightly through Steve’s own larger ones. Steve pried his hand away easily from the weakened man and patted Tony’s head. “It will be alright.”
Using his good hand, he smeared the back of it against his eyes and screamed bloody murder after. Sand coated the back of his hand and now was sprinkled into his corneas.
“Obviously my first attempt at shutting you up by shoving my cock in your pretty mouth wasn’t enough. Perhaps instead of fucking you senseless right off the bat, we’ll have some masochistic fun first.”
Steve acted as if one of his lungs rose in his throat and he was suffering to get it back down. “He’s a
Steve was topless, muscles glistening with a sheen of sweat as he worked, digging sticks in the ground around them in a makeshift fence. Steve’s blonde hair was in an unusual state of disarray and it hung down over his blue eyes. He had stubble lining his sharp jawline, but Tony found the disheveled state sexy. If it weren’t for their current situation, Tony might even find himself hardening at the view. Despite having made the sundial, Tony felt useless as Steve set the barrier between them and their environment.
“GET OUT!”
Tony had let his eyes close for some amount of time until the clank of the door locks and an angry shout emanated from outside his cell. While his eyes were still swollen from his previous beating, the genius could still see the bars swing open, the bottom scraping the floor in a cacophony of screeches.
He had placed sea water in a pot that he had found on the shore; it boiled over the fire and steamed upwards, hitting a frond and slowly dripping off into another pot. The water would cool overnight and be ready for drinking in the morning…
Tony didn’t reply at first as he held his phone up to the wall panel he was scrutinizing. “It’s a cruise. You are supposed to drink copious amounts of booze on a cruise. Check that out, I rhymed
Cum laid on Tony’s stomach, mixing with his body hair and settling into a little pool formed by his belly button. Tony’s head sagged backward, unsupported, as he moaned groggily.
He continued, “Know you two were friends. He always talked about you. I admired Dad, wanted to be like him and so when he talked about how much he liked you, I liked you too. It wasn’t until high school that I grew jealous of his love for you- I started resented you.” Steve let his head fall down, not knowing how to respond.
They positioned Steve so that he was bent over, arms wrapped up behind his back and feet bolted into the ground so that his backside was exposed to everyone present. Steve’s head hung low.
Tony closed his eyes. He didn’t want to be here. He didn’t want to think about any of this. He didn’t want to see Hammer’s glistening fingers and he definitely didn’t want to know what Hammer was going to do with them.
Things had become even more strained after that, with Tony’s bitterness increasing because of his embarrassment; humility was not common among the Starks and Tony was no exception.
“-route going clear over 120 miles per hour ON a cliff side, and you are telling me that someone didn’t take a stealth-craft and drop your ass off up here. BULL
As if on cue, the recent events played out in Tony’s genius brain like a projector. The explosion, him covering Steve’s body with his. The splintering pain that coursed through his arm when the rock landed on it and the fear that plagued him when the metal bar collapsed on his neck. Tony felt his wounded chest seize as his eyes trailed over his body and towards his arm. The arm was awkwardly shaped and there were several gashes from which shards of bone stuck out. It wasn’t shattered, but it was definitely broken in multiple locations.
“I’m so sorry, Tony...” Steve said with a grimace before positioning himself behind Tony, squatting, and wrapping his large arms underneath Tony’s armpits. He lifted and Tony, in a delirium, began screaming coldly, head thrashing back and eyes rolling into the back of his head. Words peeled from the genius’s lips as his hoarse voice echoed through the explosion-induced cavern.
“Calm down! It’s quicker if I just carry you all the way- CALM – TONY- MY GOD- BIG BABY-IT’S NOTHING I HAVEN’T SEEN BEFORE!!!” Steve’s words were broken as Tony flung around calling the super soldier a pervert.
Tony thought to himself.
He opened his eyes but grimaced, squeezing them shut as bright light shot against his retinas. He raised his hand and shielded his face, trying again to visualize the strange world around him. His irises contracted as he slowly focused.
Tony went flying into one of the previously dug holes, landing with a thud and a yelp. Scared, Steve ran over to him, ready to jump in the hole, only he lost his footing by sliding in the sand and fell into the hole on top of Tony.
“I want only to please my boss, you ignorant American. That is all we want. That is all we henchmen ever want.” He hissed, raising Tony up and dropping him, but again caught his pants leg with what Steve now noticed were metal, cybertronic fingers.
He looked back at the sunset and patted the kitten on its head.
Tony had fallen back asleep, fortunately. In addition to the light, the temperature was also dropping. Steve brushed his arms, warming them with his palms.
“What a fucking god damn surprise! Justin Hammer.” Tony growled out, mostly out of anger, but also so Steve knew what was going on. Steve coughed out of habit at Tony’s word choice.
In the shadows of the campsite, he watched the two men settle down for an afternoon nap. Rage surged through his chest and he clenched his fists.
As soon as they had stopped the water torture, however, his body parts had gradually increased their blood flow and pain throbbed over his whole body.
He lost it. He couldn’t hold it anymore. He screamed loud, cry emanating from the hole and out into the surrounding island waters. The screams were unintelligible at first, yelps rolling off his tongue, but as soon as the first scream echoed around them, Steve begin enthusiastically stroking Tony’s member; his screams became Steve’s name.
Tony closed his eyes and went back to his nightmares.
“Holy cow.” A shrill whistle came from between Steve’s lips as he took in his surroundings. It wasn’t the nicest room he had ever seen, but it was definitely on up there.
“You mother fuckers! Do not touch a hair on his head or I will
that was about to happen.
“Your ID, sir.” He held out an unamused hand while Steve rummaged in his pockets and pulled out the tiny piece of plastic. The man ran it through the scanner before a piercing beep rang out. “Your ID will not let you access this port. Go to customer service.”
Steve moved in and out of him with sharp bursts. Steve wasn’t going to last long. The sights that he had seen and the cum he had tasted proved to be too much. He saw Tony’s tie lie along the smaller man’s back, as it had somehow whirled around from the front, and grabbed it. He began to pull it, bringing the smaller man back on his dick quicker. In addition to the increase in speed of the pounding, Tony got a small choking in- his favorite.
As they walked, the two passed by waitresses offering more martinis and cocktails, Tony often reaching for one and Steve shifting so as to pull Tony back from the beverage tray.
This battle had lasted about forty-five minutes already, with no signs of Hydra’s forces ceasing any time soon. It was a routine flush-out of an old, snow covered coal mine that multiple witnesses claimed to be a fully active Hydra base. The witnesses weren’t wrong.
a problem with the financial account,
Tony had been on plenty of cruises before, mostly on personal ships that he or his parents owned, so he wasn’t really surprised by the vastness that was
Tony laid in the sun, exhausted.
Oh well. Tony was particularly good at ignoring Steve’s thoughts and feelings. Not so good at ignoring the man’s pettiness.
“JARVIS are you conditioning me??”
“Yeah, yeah… but that time with Clint and the ostrich at the zoo? He tried saving the ostrich from that fireball and the ostrich ended up saving him? Then when the coast was clear the ostrich tried to take care of him like an ostrich chick?” Steve howled, kicking his legs and slapping his knee at the memory and subsequent mental image of the ostrich grabbing Clint’s head to try and shove him into a hole in the ground.
“Merry Christmas, Tony.”
“Can I help, or do you want me to leave?” He asked.
Tony was in bad shape. His face was littered with cuts and scrapes and deep bruising was settling in a thick line along his throat. His arm, still stuck under the rock, was bent at odd angles leading up to the stone that pinned him, and blood stained the tight black body suit that he wore under the metal panels of Iron Man. He wheezed methodically as blood dribbled from the corner of his mouth.
A man stood in the doorway of the balcony exit, a large grin plastered on his face. He had a pig-like nose and scars that ran down the left side of his face and neck as if a large cat had gotten a hold of him. He wore a dark grey bodysuit with red lines running along the seams. His sneer turned his eyebrows downwards evilly.
The whine sounded again as the child raised her head, eyes a pale white, button nose in the center of her face. She was a cute girl save for the missing jaw and pale tongue that flopped from the back of her throat and lopped along her throat. Blood caked down her front, staining the white slip dress that she wore.
“Please-“
While he pulled up the soft linen to cover the still clothed form, Steve removed Tony’s sunglasses delicately, only to find open blue eyes staring at him, crow’s feet crinkling in a slight smile.
The two stood, arm in arm, and looked towards each other, understanding and determination in both pairs of blue eyes. Steve nodded. Tony devised. Both men turned towards the dry end of the deck and hobbled together towards an uncertain future.
They had grabbed an uneventful breakfast from the buffet a few floors down and barely said one word to each other, much to Steve’s chagrin. Steve found that he quite enjoyed his conversations with Tony, even when they bickered like an actual married couple. He thought to himself that maybe Tony’s silence had been triggered from the events last night.
. The song I was singing, it reminds me of you.” It took Tony a good minute to enunciate his words correctly. An eye roll was the only response he got.
to Oprah’s newest best-seller. Steve touched the sheets and let himself happily fall back onto the plush mattress, hands folding behind his head. The bed didn’t even creak at the sudden drop of his weight.
“Why do you think Steve had us air-lift him and his motorcycle to Meadows Point?” Her head was quirked to the side.
Steve didn’t even know how to respond so he kept silent. Granted, he appreciated the compliment, but he didn’t want to encourage any feelings of attraction that he had already been having. These feelings had been popping up sporadically since he first met the billionaire. Specifically, when they were alone. Or when they got into an argument and they moved bitterly close to one another.
“-Language-” Steve warned.
Tony’s right eyebrow waggled in question.
“Don’t leave.”
Steve sighed as he began formulating a detailed plan for how to get to the genius.
“Ow.” Steve turned his head, looking straight into Hammer’s shocked brown eyes. Steve’s eyes were lit up devilishly and he pulled out the same smirk that he had flashed to Tony mere moments before. “Sorry Hammer, I'm known as the tight-ass Avenger.”
Hoarsely, Tony’s first words in weeks broke free from his lips, “It didn’t hurt me as much when he did it to me… it hurt worse when he tried to with you.”
One by one, the Hulk took each of them in his firm hands, squeezing slightly too tightly, and set them on the ground. Medics rushed around them. Steve laid still but was close enough that he reached out to grasp Tony’s hand. It was cold. Incognizant. But the fingers squeezed back.
Tony felt his crotch stirring and he tried to invade his mind with gross images to deflate his cock, to no avail; Justin’s shaft rubbing against his gonads encouraged the blood to rush and fill Tony’s member to erection. Shame spread across his lightly freckled cheeks and he dropped his head.
Two men donning black ops gear strode into the room, lifting their visors as they did so. They were dragging a large, black body bag behind him and apparently it contained a live subject, as the sides of the bag were wiggling and snapping as if someone was punching them in attempts to escape. Muffled grunts and growls echoed through the cell as the being struggled.
There was no answer, so he opened his eyes a little further and looked around. First, he glanced down, seeing his torn arm in a makeshift sling made from torn cloth. He threw his head back and groaned. The cuts were bright red, and he could practically feel the infection pulsing through his veins. Especially through his forehead which was so hot that it burned his eyes.
“Steve!” Tony rose quickly, dodging various shrapnel and stones that fell his way like he was in an 8-bit video game. Dust and pebbles coated his dark hair as he shifted from side to side, rocked from the explosions that still wracked the room.
Justin came in nonchalantly, watching sadistically from the door as the men held Steve against the wall and unclipped the metal bars holding him. The employees struggled as Steve’s whole weight laid on top of them unrestricted. They groaned until they could no longer support the super soldier and let him thud against the ground, head facing towards Tony and away from them. They stripped the body bag from around him and fanned their hands in front of their faces as three weeks’ worth of waste smell flooded their noses.
Tony was the first to speak, “I am fine. Just a minor panic attack… watching the news. That’s all. What do you want?”
He realized that not only was the man’s arm metal, but also the leg that just laid into Steve’s cheekbone. Steve threw punches, but his knuckles met metal and crunched painfully when they struck. Between his rage and grief, Steve was outmatched for one of the first times since he had been enhanced.
Steve, by this point in time, was stifling laughter at JARVIS’s attempt at classical conditioning. He looked at Tony’s weathered, tinkerer’s hand before sinking his larger warm one into it, fingers clasping as he pulled himself up from his couch. He felt tingles along his fingertips as their palms connected.
Tony parted his lips and a rush of fruity, cold liquid spilled into his mouth, dribbling down the sides. He swallowed and the more he swallowed, the thirstier and more ravenous he got until all of the liquid was gone. He smeared the remains over his tongue and sighed.
He was so close that Tony could count Steve’s eyelashes. They blinked rapidly. Nervously. The blue eyes behind them glanced down towards Tony’s cracked lips and the mechanic heard the super soldier swallow drily.
Hammer fed off Tony’s anger and walked over to Steve, whipping out a small bottle, unzipping his pants, and pulling out his already rock-hard member. He took the bottle and drizzled his dick with lube, visibly shivering as the cold fluid dripped messily off him and onto the floor behind Steve. He stroked, wetting himself thoroughly before positioning his cock in between Steve’s cheeks and rubbing it up and down, saturating the fleshy crack.
His vision cleared from the sand invasion and he looked up to see the ugly man who had captured him and Steve. His turned-up nose dripped blood and he had various new scars in addition to the old ones lining his face.
Hammer rubbed himself along Tony’s crack roughly, skin against skin friction causing Tony to cringe uncomfortably. Not that this whole situation was anywhere near his comfort level.
“Stop it.” Steve pressed into the wound as much as he thought was necessary to compress the blood vessels, and then took his spare hand and yanked on the chain binding Tony’s right arm.
to crack into? What the hell is this cruise ship-“ he looked back at Steve momentarily, “- Is this a cruise ship for the fucking CIA… no, not even the CIA. You could break into their system within minutes buddy.” Tony scratched his head, seemingly concerned by the amount of effort that went into protecting the residents aboard the ship.
He would wait. There would be a right time and when it happened he would destroy them… emotionally, mentally, and physically. This new found relationship would make it even more easy. They would wish they had never stepped foot onto that cruise ship.
“Splinters,” the super soldier muttered in conjunction with various other words.
- we get home?!” Clint barked over releasing his bow. Barton was on top of a snowy rock, firing arrows with lightning speed. Natasha was somewhere in the distance acrobatically beating the shit out of hydra agents. Sam and Colonel Rhodes both had watch over the skies, blasting Hydra fighter planes down with Redwing at their side.
“Drink.”
The man cheated and brought out a gun with electrified tips, slamming the gun into Steve’s ribs and holding it there as the soldier spasmed with the currents that shot through his muscles and nerves.
Realizing that his captor knew who he and Tony were, he decided to ditch the charade. “You didn’t… I- he’s alive. I know he is.” Denial was steeped into his voice.
“Please Steve-“ he huffed “Fuck me now. I can’t- I can’t do another one. It’s too much.”
The first thirty minutes had been the hardest for Steve to witness. Tony floated in and out of consciousness and every time he was in, would scream bloody murder. He screamed things relating to Justin. He screamed for Steve and Steve’s safety.
“Friday, use 50% energy on the lasers.”
He slowly walked over to where Justin was crouched in a corner shaking his head.
“Sedate, clean, and chain. Now.” Justin clapped his hands twice and waltzed out of the room.
The nurse came running back to the doctor’s side while wheeling in what Steve deduced from staff commentary, an electrocautery machine. The machine’s whirrs echoed throughout the room as it powered up.
Tony hadn’t realized the dropping temperature before but began shivering when he noticed that he could see his breath puffing out in front of his face.
A hand laid gently on Tony’s shoulder, calming him from its warm energy. Steve pulled Tony back a little and grabbed his arm, squeezing it. “Please, dear. Let’s have a drink and let bygones be bygones.”
Tony’s next words woke him up from his reverie.
Tony’s coughing eventually lessened, and he lowered himself slowly back down onto what he now noticed was a thick pad made from various articles of clothing. Steve had taken clothing out of either peoples’ luggage or, Tony shuddered, from peoples’ corpses. Hopefully the former.
Tony cried, “Leave him alone Justin! Please… don’t hurt him! He is off limits!”
“You know it’s impossible for you to intimidate when you sound like a soccer dad…”
His lover was strung up several feet off of the ground, just his arms bound by the chains now. His wrists were bound high over his head and Steve could have sworn that both shoulders looked dislocated as they were jarred from their normal position. Tony’s form spun around in a slow circle, motion unobstructed as Tony’s feet were out of their usual shackles.
“TONY!” Steve’s cry repeated itself multiple times before Tony’s muscles got the message to move and move fast. Tony bounded from his current spot by the door and quickly did a mental calculation to determine where the stairs were since they were slightly hidden beside the mini-bar. Tony took the steps two at a time. He slid to a stop at the top of the stairs, glanced at Steve sitting on the bed, and then shifted his eyes towards where Steve was looking.
“You didn’t think so far ahead as to having a snuggling spot, did you?” Tony asked quietly, looking up to Steve.
“Alright.” Simply put and followed by quick movements that Steve couldn’t quite make out, but it looked as if Justin took a mallet and blunt-edged tool and used it almost like a chisel into Tony’s jaw. Tony groaned and Steve saw his eyes snap open as soon as his jaw muscle was struck.
…” Steve jabbed at Tony’s chosen “alter ego” for the trip.
“Well you know how I have repeating dreams sometimes?” Steve nodded, “Well… I am having them about this conversation that I had with this old man…” Tony took an hour and relayed to Steve his conversation with Mr. Likart and the traumatic events that followed with the man’s untimely and gruesome death.
Tony closed his eyes and tried to rest before Hammer came back. He wasn’t a praying man, but he at least hoped that SHEILD was coming to rescue them soon.
“Stop. Just be quiet. If all you are going to do is pity me and look at me with horror and ask
Slowly his sandy and dry lips parted, croaking out a small “Steve…?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I-“ Tony was cut off by a beep over the speaker.
“I vote Wing-face and Shell-brain.” Natasha sat casually on Steve’s desk, thumbing through some of his most recent artwork and turning her head slightly at the more abstract images. Her black, silk robe was tied tightly around her waist but didn’t fail showing off the unnatural curves from the knives hidden beneath it.
The corner was empty save for what appeared to be a small child, crying. It was a girl, bleach blonde hair falling over her face and bony shoulders. She rocked herself back and forth slowly, face hidden from view.
“Yeah Cap… you also said if I wanted to feel the “thrum” of it, I would have to ride bitch and no way am I-“
Steve planted a kiss on Tony’s forehead and held him close, trying to increase the warmth between them.
His arm was stretched out beside him, splinted. Beneath the splints, his skin was visible, red and inflamed and angry. Tony moved his head to face forward, grimacing at the sight of his arm. If he had any, he would have shed tears at the pain that he now noticed was coursing through his numb forearm and shoulder.
“GOD DAMN IT BLESS FUCK DAMN!!” Tony shook his head, blinking his eyes rapidly until the tears cleared the granules out of his ducts.
Confused, Tony raised his head and found the head of Hammer’s dick coming straight towards him. He turned his head, but hammer grabbed him by his cheeks, popping Tony’s mouth open and shoving himself in deep, all the way to the back of Tony’s throat.
Tony sputtered out a cough and locked eyes with Steve for several seconds. Steve was mere inches from Tony’s face and he stared at the soldier’s soft, pink lips. He saw nothing but strength in those ice-blue eyes, hope, kindness,
Tony grabbed an upset and flabbergasted Steve, yanking him to the side of the ramp so that they were out of the way. “Fuck. Do you think this was intentional??” Tony questioned.
Hammer decided to create a distraction for Captain America and use the weapon to his advantage. He turned the muzzle of the gun towards Tony, closed one eye, and fired.
Steve had set Tony down closer to the tree line, placing him upright against a fallen trunk. He had walked down to the beach and, disgusted with himself, took the clothes off of one of the dead men. The clothes were sandy but had dried out in the newly cast sun. He laid them gently over Tony’s unconscious form in an attempt to warm him up.
And I’ll be missing you…
“Come on Seth… let’s get on board before they leave us behind and you only get to admire the ship’s ass as it sails away from you.” Tony slid his arm into the crook of Steve’s and started pulling him up the ramp.
Thank you for reading! As always, please kudo or comment if you liked it. :)
“YES, TONY?!” He called, continuing the habit from his dreams, before calming and seeing what was occurring before him.
Finally, once it was done, Tony spoke apathetically, “Most people will leave the ship to go explore the Nassau port. We should too to blend in… and I think we should try to follow that couple we met at the casino last night.”
Steve glanced at Tony beside him, the other man smiling as people jumped up to announce their winnings. There was an air of wonder and childlike happiness in him that was endearing. Pulling Tony along, they made it to the bar at the end of the casino. Steve decided that this was the best place to investigate their fellow cruise members and maybe get information from them if they were inebriated.
Hammer ignored him and walked over to Tony. Tony’s eyes followed him weakly and he parted his lips as if to speak.
Mr. Likart’s house looked normal enough. Three bedrooms. Lots of curio cabinets with ceramic kittens and puppies propped up in various positions. Fake flowers and plants dotted the 90’s-esque oak, glass, and brass furniture and an ugly, floral patterned rug was stationed beneath the claw foot dining room table. A sewing machine sat near the farthest wall, bobbins and thread scattered around unceremoniously on the floor.  It was a normal house for an older man and woman, stuck in the same town for thirty something years as they raised their family and subsequently went into retirement.
His head swirled with images of home. Pepper. Rhodey. Steve. He knew they were just dreams within a feverish mind, but they sparked horror in him nevertheless. Images of all of them on a small boat, washing overboard, and then drowning flooded his mind. He was the only survivor and as he waded in a never-ending ocean, he called out to each of them. Trying to find them. Trying to save them. Failing.
Steve smiled and shook his head. “Tony, it’s going to be okay. What would help? Do you want me to call a priest tomorrow?”
“Ow…” Steve didn’t think he’d every be so excited to hear a small little ‘ow’ before in his life. His hand shot out behind the man’s head as he crouched beside him, cradling his neck.
“I just can’t get the thoughts out of my head… I truly feel that something is coming to get me and I am-“He paused as if unwilling to proceed with his train of though.
“No!” Tony cried out.
Again, Tony had to admire the beauty of the scene in front of him. The sun set directly in front of him, giving him a better idea of the direction of the place. The orange and purple hues in the sky were vibrant and slightly hidden by white, puffy clouds. The scenery was beautiful, but the man in front of him was more so.
“This should hold ya still Captain,” he smirked and jabbed the needle slowly into Steve’s neck, ensuring that he wiggled it as much as possible to cause the most amount of pain.
The ship was pure white, multiple long anchors running from all sides, and had red and blue stripes (Steve appreciated their color choices) running parallel around the hull. Above the hull, ten levels of balconies wrapped around the surface of the ship, comprising most of its mid-section. The bow had tall glass panels surrounding it, so Steve couldn’t quite determine what was bow-side yet. The stern had shorter, angled glass panels around it and it appeared to be some sort of viewing deck. The back of the ship read
were) left him, he blinked open his swollen eyes and was able to take in his surroundings and determine what level of fucked he was in.
The words were all he needed. Tony came again, dick aching as it splashed, this time weaker, hot streams of cum in puddles between them.
Steve awoke to the door handle jiggling and several twangs as the barred entrance opened to reveal their captor and several minions following closely behind him.
The pressure washer… the nightmares… none of those compared to the look in Tony’s eyes when their head captor would come into the room. The glowing sapphire that Tony’s iris contained dimmed to a dull navy and his lids would fall heavy as if he were millions of miles away, but from the way he would turn his head away from Steve and the way his whole body would turn red in shame… Steve knew that Tony was present. He knew that Tony was trying to keep Hammer pissed and focusing on the genius of the two instead of the supersoldier.
“Wonder why…” Steve muttered under his breath.
Fortunately, with his enhanced vision, Steve could make out the outline of the window from the little moonlight that was escaping between the storm clouds. It shone to him like the lights on a buoy and hope surged through him as he drug Tony's wounded body closer to him.
“Huh?” Steve seemed to be intentionally distracted, not looking into the genius’ eyes as Tony lowered his hand down Steve’s back and his other arm around the super soldier’s neck.
do, Steve. D-I-L-D-O.” Steve rolled his eyes and shook his head as Tony continued.
integrated JARVIS with the ship’s controls.” He sounded more proud of the first accomplishment rather than the latter.
He heard footsteps approaching him and turned his red rimmed eyes up towards the sound.
The chemistry between the two men was just odd. Steve could feel an attraction, this desire to be more to Tony than just a super soldier that helped him fight battles against the world’s baddies. At the same time, Steve often found himself irritated and loathing the man; his attitude, his outer show of arrogance- all drove Steve nuts. His thoughts dimmed the laughter from Steve’s face and he coughed before drinking some ice water from the etched, crystal glass beside him.
“I-“ Steve stammered, glancing repeatedly back between Tony’s two eyes.
Tony’s body contracted, chest flying forward and fists grasping for something, anything, to grip. He howled and shook his head side to side, nurses struggling to keep a hold of him.
“I’m so sorry…” Steve muttered, pressing his soft lips to Tony’s forehead. Fortunately, the fever had gone down over the course of the week, so his skin was finally a normal temperature. “I will never let anyone hurt you again…”
Tony struggled as his feet dangled above the ground, gasping for air as the knife-like fingers dug into his throat and cheekbones. His dark brown eyes begged Steve to help him.
“Tony…I-uhm. Missed you last week. Please… talk to me.”
Steve’s eyes stung, and his lungs began throbbing as he realized through the adrenaline that he was on the lower levels of his oxygen stores. Looking up, he saw that they were only about 15 feet from the surface of the water. Below him was pitch black save for the disappearing end of the ship. Steve kicked towards Tony, reaching out for the other man's waist, when all of the sudden the other man began spasming and jerking around. Steve withdrew his hand, frightened for a moment, before realizing that Tony was drowning. He fought through Tony’s flailing limbs, wrapped his arms around him, and kicked hastily until his head broke through the ocean's surface.
we need to go eat.”
Steve was unconscious now and Tony had never been so glad for that. Selfishly, he didn’t want Steve to see him like this. He didn’t want him to see Hammer shove into him. He didn’t want him to see Tony unintentionally harden as Hammer slipped his mouth over Tony’s well-sized dick and deep throat the genius as he rolled his hips into Tony’s cheeks.
Steve rolled his eyes and smiled, “Thanks, Nat.”
“I’m not-nngh…I’m not going to make it… you know it…”
sounded out and he felt pebbles fall into his hair.
“Do…it.” There was fear staring back at Steve, but also trust. Warmth. Love. “Do… it… quickly.”
Had it really been a week since the incident already? They were already back to normal… but not normal at the same time. Tony hadn’t spoken with him the entire time since. They acted the same in front of the rest of the Avengers, but when alone, when Steve tried to confront the genius, it was like talking to a brick wall.
Hammer wrenched his hips back and darted forward with his dick, hitting Steve’s pucker and finding a brick wall waiting for him. Their captor cursed and grabbed himself, as his cock had bent unnaturally at Steve’s closed off entrance.
So, basically it was now 4 in the morning, they had learned nothing, and Tony was singing and overcorrecting his balance as he attempted to dance. Fortunately, the rooms lining the hallway seemed to be semi-soundproof, as no one had come out to yell or complain at them.
The pain from that night was still ever present in Tony’s core. He tried to stuff the feelings down and ignore them until they finally imploded during a night of harmful drinking.
The supersoldier’s head shot around and he immediately rushed to the man’s side. “Tony, Tony Tony… stop! I can do this. You need to lay down.”
Steve lowered back down and whispered into his ear, “No one can hear you… moan for me.” Tony’s member throbbed harder at the request.
you have been paying attention. You know me so well.”
“Yes. I know. Go wild-but not too wild.” Steve waived Tony to go to the bar for drink orders while he inspected the casino. There were probably 150 people crammed into the small space playing slots and blackjack among other games. In the middle of the casino was a winding glass staircase, leading up to other venues and a 20’s themed speakeasy. Steve made a mental note to visit the speakeasy if he got a chance.
Steve stared blankly at Tony for a moment before tears flooded his crystalline eyes. Silently, he pressed his forehead against his lover’s and closed his eyes, breathing softly. His fingers wormed their way behind Tony’s neck and grasped firmly, but gently. Tears leaked from both of their eyes, staining the covers pulled up to Tony’s clavicle.
“Should we lock arms or hold hands?” He questioned, and Tony silently slid his hand into Steve’s as they walked side by side. Steve, quickly feeling a blush spread across his cheeks, whispered softly, “Alrighty then…”
Eventually Captain Americas blocks fell to the ground, settling on top of each other just right so that his body was cohesively formed. His head popped on backwards, so he spun it around until he could see his beloved crying over his previous body’s blocks.
A few weeks passed, and no one came to the rescue. They lit giant bonfires, screamed into the ocean as loud as they could before breaking down into tears, and spelt out “help” in sticks on the shore. No one heard their cries. No one came to help. Steve had stopped sleeping next to Tony weeks ago. Morale between the two men decreased until, instead of building up their base and attempting contact with the modern world, they began laying in their respective pallets silently in the morning.
“NO.” Tony screamed this time as he went into a full panic attack. His chest seized, arms curled around his body, and shoulders began quaking.
Below Tony was a wet piled of white and clear fluid, appearing viscous in nature. It ran down the genius’s legs and still dripped in long strings from the heels of his feet. Spots of red were immersed into the liquid and strands of blood spidered their way down Tony’s thighs.
With his free hand, Justin reached up to tweak Tony’s left nipple, earning a cry in response as sharp pain treaded along his synapses. Hammer leaned down and sloppily licked across his pleasure trail, leaving a humiliating wad of saliva running down the slight angle of his pelvis.
Navigating through the levels of the ship to ultimately reach the pool deck was relatively easy for the two tacticians. It was in the center of the second to the top deck, enclosed and surrounded by balconies above. The pool was silent, save for a few people sitting on reclining pool chairs and the few staff that remained tending to them. There was a palm tree fountain, two wading pools, one large pool, and two hot tubs cattycorner to the wading pools. A bar sat on the starboard side of the bow and a lone bartender managed it.
When they argued, Tony would clench his jaw and smile slightly as he tried to impress his opinions on Steve. The tension was always extreme when they would argue- but Steve always felt some sort of stirring going on in his lower gut.
Steve had really pushed his creativity the last few days. There were large bilateral shells that had had broken in half and sucked the creature out of hungrily; he used the shells for cups to drink from and storage of salt from the walls of a cavern nearby. There was an assortment of spears and weapons and he even, mostly in boredom, had made a shield from fronds, sticks, and loose shells.
“That sounds comfortable, babe. Not sure what you are talking about.” The super soldier’s dry sense of humor was met with a soft, affectionate smile from Tony, although unseen by his counterpart.
The mechanic coughed and swiveled his chair around to face Steve. “I’ve got nothing to say, Rogers. JARVIS, power on. Please escort Captain Rogers out.” It was short, succinct, and to the point. JARVIS remained quiet.
“Still cold.”
Tony whispered out Steve’s name in want and drove his hand down between them, unzipping his shorts and whipping his cock out for stroking. He had barely touched himself before Steve grabbed his wrist and shot it over Tony’s head, careful of his injured arm. Tony didn’t think he had ever been so turned on.
He slung his bag off of his shoulder and untied the ends, stretching it out to a cohesive piece of cloth again. He slid the cloth around the tree and grabbed both ends in his hands, twisting the fabric around his fists tightly before leaning back.
“I’m…not really sure… what you have planned next, but-“
.” The genius stood up haughtily, chucked his phone on the couch, and then walked over to Steve, extending his hand.
He could have cried in happiness. Tony, beard extremely long and disheveled from the cruise disguise and the days without trimming, was staring at him, eyes brown and wide. Tony blinked, confused, and shifted, leaning his back against the boulder. He drug his injured arm with him, moaning in discomfort as he did so.
“So… Tony.”
It was hours.
Steve kept a passive and uncritical face the whole time, nodding and tilting his head when required. When Tony finally finished, he was out of breath and his whole body was shaking.
“Kitten?”
The whole scene had reminded Tony of Titanic when Jack sketched Rose, making him giggle a bit as Steve brushed the graphite pencil across the coarse paper. Steve shushed him, smiling a bit towards the end. He raised the drawing for Tony’s eyes and the genius could admit that he was shocked at the amount of detail that went into it, especially the detail that Steve put into Tony’s eyes. The drawing was an exact replica. Feeling shy, Tony jibed that maybe he should have worn a blue diamond around his neck; Steve didn’t catch the reference.
Tony knew that Steve liked drawing, but he hadn’t quite grasped how much Steve
“NOOOOOOOO… Shteven… Shesh? Song ‘minds me of yew…”
Steve sat in the chair beside his bed, his ankle wrapped in ace bandage from a stress fracture. He had little stitches left embedded in the gash on his forehead and some slight, short-term nerve damage from the cold, but for the most part was well.
He shuffled towards Tony, weak ankle dragging behind him.
“We have to get the bullet out, NOW!” The doctor screamed over Tony’s cries and exchanged her spot holding his wrist with a nurse as she moved towards grabbing the prepared surgical instruments on the table beside her.
Steve thought for a second and it made sense. He flattened his mouth, obviously embarrassed, and pressed the fourth button again, the bookshelf sliding back into place over the sex toy shelving units.
” His answer was firm, but still had an air of respect for the MD. Steve sat down carefully in the warm crevice of the hunter green cot he had been sitting on, right next to Tony. His hand slipped under the mechanic’s and gripped tight, as if reaffirming his decision to stay with his lover. “He needs me.”
Air puffed from between his lips, “St-steve…. This is bad…. Nngh...” The genius raised his head one last time, until the shock wore him down and the back of his head thudded yet again against the cold concrete beneath it.
At the end of every day, Tony would lock every door and set Jarvis on high alert; not even a mouse could escape the minute by minute laser scans that washed over each room. Occasionally something would trigger Jarvis’s sensors and alarms would sound; it took hours for Steve to calm Tony’s breathing and mind down for him to at the very least lay back into Steve’s arms. He would never go back to sleep and often wouldn’t sleep the next day after, instead choosing to tinker with mechanics in the bed beside Steve, a dim book light shining in his lap so as to not disturb his partner.
“You’re such a dick.”
The doors to the e-tron opened up overhead and Tony, clad in a suit, rolled up and out with a bitter look. He shoved his hands in his pocket and continued chewing his gum.
Steve rubbed circles onto his back and tried his best to brace the wounded man’s damaged arm.
“Tony! Hey-hey...” Steve’s bright blue eyes looked into Tony’s. He gave the genius a lopsided smile before setting a hand on his forehead. Tony’s skin was burning up with fever. “It’s going to be okay... I’m going to help you.”
There was a pause before Steve spoke again, “You’re not okay, are you?”
leave my side…” The man seethed at her, oblivious to Tony and Steve standing there, fists clenching.
Furrowing his brows, the super soldier rolled off the couch and stood carefully, still orienting himself to the slight sway provided by the waves hitting the side of the cruise ship. He walked over to the digital panel that Tony had been messing with yesterday and looked to see if the panel said anything; it looked the same as it had yesterday when they first arrived. To be fair, Steve didn’t really know what it looked like after Tony had integrated JARVIS in the system. The digital display did contain the time and Steve grunted at how late in the morning it was at 10:45 am.
Tony felt full and tears of pain and pleasure escaped the corners of his closed eyes. Steve licked up his cheeks, absorbing the salty liquid onto his tongue. Tony’s eyes opened and he gave a nod of okay to Steve.
Surprisingly, none of the other members of the super hero team had been captured. The neurosurgeon that Hammer had kidnapped had made an exemplary toxin that had flowed through each of their veins and put them into a coma. SHIELD had worked tirelessly to wake each member of the Avengers, but it appeared that without the appropriate anti-toxin, there was no waking even the strongest Avenger.
be giving in to this smug bastard.
