The doors had been locked, the curtains closed, the bath drawn, the clothes undone, the soap lathered and rinsed. A trail of damp footprints and discarded towels led to the bed, all lights off except for one small corner lamp.
Sherlock appeared at breakfast freshly showered and dressed in a smart black suit paired with a dark blue shirt. John had pulled on an ivory-colored cable knit jumper over black jeans that he rolled up just above his boots.
“I have a headache,” John replied lightly, clearly fibbing. He stood next to Sherlock, leaning his forearms on the balustrade just as Sherlock was.
“You gorgeous man,” John murmured. “I want to be inside of you.”
Sherlock's mother was in fine form, telling a story Sherlock had heard dozens of times before but that was new and entertaining to their guests.
“Thermodynamics. At least, I believe that's the topic. Continuing with some work from her university days.” Mr. Holmes walked to the front of the car and dabbed at a few smudges on the headlamps. “Thought you might be sort of an assistant for her this summer. Proofreading, organizing notes, that sort of thing. God knows I'm no use with all that.”
“Oh, I see.” John looked down at his hands.
“I was injured. Can't really trust my hands.” He smiled ruefully. “Or my leg.”
“Everything go alright?” John asked.
“I wouldn’t be afraid,” John answers huskily.
Harry sighed. “It can be. But it can be wonderful, too.” She crumpled up her napkin and threw it on her empty plate. “Anyway, best learn to take care of yourself, enjoy what you’ve got, and if someone comes along --” she held up her hands, “great. If not, great. Let’s have ice cream.”
“Alright, everything’s ready!” Miss Smith called out. She popped her head into the room. “Who wants to go first?”
The encouragement spurred Sherlock on, his cheeks sharply hollowed, his lips forming a tight seal, his hand pumping John's slick shaft, his blue gaze burning into John's.
Sherlock opened his eyes, regret flooding through him. He hadn't always been alone. There was John.
Sherlock loiters by the window over the kitchen sink, looking out toward the hives. Maybe he will check them, just to stretch his legs…
Sherlock hunched over his mother's desk, a pen pressed against his lips in concentration. He stared at the mathematical formulas that filled the page in his mother's angular handwriting, willing himself to understand.
“Actually, no, because I’m completely frozen. Could you open the door now?”
Sometimes Sherlock judged the students with a critical eye, occasionally finding one mildly attractive. He did nothing about it, felt nothing strongly about it. Sometimes one of them would try to draw him into conversation or steer him away from the group for a private walk. He once let a student lead him into the grove of trees above the shore. He was a few years older, English, an aspiring playwright with rough hands and chapped lips. A bland disappointment.
They stepped outside into the brisk evening, the street bustling with shoppers, trees wrapped in strands of sparkling lights, and store windows filled with colorful holiday displays.
His luck finally ran out on the weekend when he stopped into the office to print out a quiz for his class. John stood in the copy room, his mind wandering as he waited for the printer to collate and staple the papers. He didn’t see Sherlock reaching into the supply cabinet behind him until it was too late.
“I don't know how one person can accumulate so much rubbish,” John sighed, discouraged. “She says she wants to clear everything out, but then puts up a fight over tossing anything.”
He reached into the bag he’d slung over his shoulder and handed Sherlock the sheaf of papers held together with a black clip.
As they stepped out of the shop, Sherlock felt invigorated, while John looked knackered.
I want to ask him.
“You’re angry.” Sherlock wished he hadn’t said anything.
“Take care,” is all he can manage, a lump in his throat.
Sherlock dropped the scarf back into the box and replaced the lid. “Just a theory,” he answered vaguely.
John gazed back at him, equally entranced. “And you look… intoxicating.”
“What was that all about?” John whispered once they were in the hallway. “What did he mean about cocaine habit?”
I was 14 when Sherlock's father died. I’d never met him and there was no reason for me to go to the funeral, but I wanted to. I'd never been to a funeral before and it felt like a grown-up thing to do. I was in a phase of trying to be mature, wanting to wear a bit of makeup and drink over-sugared coffee with cream and think about what kissing would be like.
“Holmes,” John practically spat his name out. He stared accusingly at Mike, who cleared his throat and scrambled to his feet.
It’s at times like this that Sherlock wishes he paid attention to popular culture or watched the occasional Hollywood film. He gnaws at the phrase, wondering why it slipped from John’s psyche. Could John possibly think that
They dine on the patio shaded by the leaves of a twisted old tree and drink local red wine. They clear the dishes then move to an outdoor sofa covered with white cushions for a second glass of wine, sitting side by side while watching the sun set.
“He’ll be coming to take you home. You are suspended for the rest of the week.”
“Bloody bees,” Dad mused rhetorically, pouring more tea into my cup. “He's going to keep an entire colony.”
Sherlock studied the patterns the branches made above them. “Do you think you'll ever come back here?”
The next day drags on mercilessly. Sherlock paces restlessly or slumps on the sofa watching television, arguing with quiz shows or picking apart crime dramas. Hannah finally finds an excuse to go chat with Dimmock to get away from him for awhile.
“Agreed.” She stands up, her footing a little unsteady, causing a floorboard to squeak as she catches her balance. “I think I need to finish that glass of wine. Calm my nerves. Care to join me?”
John let Sherlock guide him through Chinatown and into a dimly lit restaurant where Sherlock rapidly ordered a number of dishes. John had no idea what most of the things they ate were called, but it was delicious.
John studied Molly's face. Something in the set of her mouth was wistful, her brown eyes a little less bright. John couldn't stop himself from speaking his thoughts out loud. “You have feelings for him, don't you?”
John chuckled to himself, embarrassed that Irene’s words had provoked him like this. He was just overreacting, probably still jet lagged. He turned to go back into the house, his eyes caught by the view through the window into the living room. Among all the guests, John could easily pick out Sherlock — his height, the graceful way he carried his trim frame, the contrast of dark hair against pale skin, his long throat and tapered fingers, tight arse…
Sherlock remained motionless. “Thank you,” he replied cautiously, always unsure when she offered compliments.
On Saturday, Sherlock convinced his parents to lend him the car for the afternoon. He had behaved impeccably all week, offering to assist his mother with her book and helping his father with the garden. Both had put him to work immediately, the mornings filled with checking equations and organizing files, the afternoons hauling bags of bone meal for roses and trimming overgrown hedges.
But John wasn’t done yet, leaning forward to address Sherlock directly. “Statistically speaking, it’s a possibility.”
Sherlock pulled to the side of the road, shut off the engine, and stepped out of the car without a word. John sighed, watching him skip easily down the slope of the ditch and saunter toward the trees.
John leaned back in his chair and rubbed his eyes, struck with the realization that they were drifting apart, time slowly wearing away at their summer together. He tried to picture Sherlock, remembering his dark hair and startling eyes, the enticing shape of his mouth.
“Then you’re disgusted.”
"I'm not the one who forgot to pack the shaving kit, am I?" Sherlock asked, dipping his head again to kiss John's throat.
“I’ll go wash it off.” John started to climb out of bed again, but Sherlock gripped his wrist tighter, pulling him back sharply.
His mother said nothing, toying with her necklace. Her silence was worse than a lecture.
“You’re shaking,” John whispers, unsure if it’s the cold or his touch that’s causing Sherlock to tremble. His own hand is unsteady, every hope and fear wound into these few strands of time. He’s forgotten how to breathe.
“I’ll have you meet our housekeeper Maria and the other staff, then we’ll go out to the patio and have a drink.” His mother swept John away, leaving Sherlock standing with the bags at the foot of the stairs.
They exchange a long look, neither one wanting to part.
“Right, I'll be there soon as I can.” He ended the call and stood up. “Liv, turn that off and get your coat.”
Sherlock clutched the sheets under his chin, his eyes straining and failing to find the faint outline of the bedroom door. Mycroft must have deliberately switched off the hallway light as well.
“Where’d you learn to dance like that?” John asked gruffly, still feeling vaguely chagrined for no good reason.
He began typing, starting and erasing and starting again.
John smiled, shaking his head slightly. “You're absolutely mad.” He tilted the cap away from Sherlock’s forehead, a glossy curl springing free. He pressed into Sherlock, found his mouth, delivering a proper hello. The seat groaned softly as they shifted, the kiss deepening, hands roaming.
He turned the lighter around in his fingers. “It goes far back, before you were even born. The moment I met your father…” he shook his head distractedly, remembering. “There was something there. I tried to deny it, didn't want it clouding my judgement, interfering with my work… But I felt it anyway. So did your dad.
She stops suddenly by the worktop. “Okay, very funny.”
“Already there.”
John knows he'd love to find something, any shred of evidence that would dismiss the supernatural. John still isn't sure what to make of all that's happened, but at least the room is cozy and feels safe.
Sherlock’s skin prickles with interest. “What is it?” He licks his lips. “Where is it?”
Sherlock peered into the bowl. "Peas."
“They were nice enough, but they were all just... sort of…”
for help. Hell must be freezing over.
“I don’t have it.”
He finally heard the jingle of keys and Sherlock's footsteps on the stairs. John stood, rehearsing his words, nervous again.
John forgot the hiker, the village, his aunt, the army in the autumn, wholly consumed by the fullness of Sherlock's lips on his own, breathless with the new discovery of it all, wanting to stay endlessly suspended in the sweet night air.
“What?” John turned his head, an uncertain smile tilting his mouth as he looked at him.
John smiles. “One day Orion went hunting with the goddess Artemis, a great huntress, and he boasted that he’d kill all the animals in the world. That made the earth goddess very angry.” John pauses, concentrating on a stitch.
“I'll explain on the way,” Sherlock answered, yanking open the door to the street and sweeping John toward a waiting taxi.
“Probably, yes.”
Sherlock didn't answer. He stepped closer, dipping his fingers into the collar of John’s T-shirt, hooking out the silver chain that hung around John's neck.
“I know.” If only it were that easy. Cases don’t get solved without taking some risks.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You still owe me the story about that scar,” Sherlock reminded him, his voice low and seductive.
He had been there. It was awful. Sherlock was in rare form -- rude, curt, insulting. She left before John had even uncorked the bottle of white wine he'd bought for the occasion.
“Hello, brother dear. I wasn't aware that you were offering your services as a private dance tutor.”
The stranger suddenly looked in their direction, pinning John and Anthea with a direct gaze that made them quickly shift their eyes elsewhere.
John laughed, bending down to give Sherlock a long kiss. “I’m sure there’s a joke I could make about sliding down your chimney tonight...”
Much as he tries, he won’t remember every detail; the sheen of sweat, the salty skin, rigid bone and flexing muscle, the crashing wave and sweeping undertow of orgasm, that sound -- that sultry, deep
John leans forward in his chair. “No, I haven’t.”
He takes a few quiet steps and peers into the kitchen, spies Sherlock at the sink, the kettle on, two mugs set out for tea. He's wearing a dark blue shirt, black trousers, and, not surprisingly, his rumpled blue dressing gown.
He pushed his hair back with one hand, trying to settle an errant curl. He just needed to get through the next hour, then he'd be free to meet Molly and John.
“Doctor Watson seems to be holding up,” Mycroft observed.
At that moment, they were pounced upon by a regal-looking woman with silver hair and overly strong floral perfume. “Sherlock? I thought that was you. How is your mother? I haven’t seen her in a age.”
“You'll find not much has changed,” she declared, casting a glance around the bedroom. “After you unpack your things, come down for tea. You're thin as a stick.”
John missed the ease with which they had once conversed. Sherlock had always been brusque, no surprise there, but now there was a carefully maintained distance between them that John didn't know how to overcome.
(Fixed the link, I hope)
I glance up at him, unsure which things he means.
Sherlock swam away in several strong strokes, but John soon gained on him, closing the gap. John grasped his foot, pulling him back with surprising strength. They grappled, slippery and laughing, trying to push each other under the water until they grew tired.
He shot an irritated glance back at her, and she returned his gaze, as smug as the cat who ate the cream. Mike was looking at him expectantly.
“I think I’ll make more tea,” Sherlock announces hastily, getting to his feet.
He's finds himself saying the next words without really meaning to. “I saw my parents at Christmas,” he starts.
, and that he would invite him to come along. He didn’t want to go, and yet he did.
“What? Why are you smiling?”
Mr. Holmes looked up and smiled in greeting. “Good morning.”
“You should lie still. Tell me about the world,” John murmurs, stroking Sherlock’s hair. “About London.”
Christ, what a day. John rubbed his forehead, a familiar ache settling behind his eyes. It was all the tension he'd kept at bay earlier, the suppressed stress of inserting himself into the volatile crowd to photograph the latest protest outside the presidential palace.
“Hmph,” Sherlock grunts, the pain starting to throb in his chest again. “I hate holidays.”
“Sadly, no. Most cases are suspected affairs, stolen valuables, missing persons… an occasional kidnapping…” He glances up. “Even a haunting now and then.”
The rest of dinner is strained, charged with a strange current of unspoken words. They talk about safe things -- a recent murder case, an opportunity for John to give a guest lecture on emergency medicine at Bart's.
She cocked her head. “Can I ask you something kind of strange?”
rhythm of palm and foreskin and dangling balls. Sherlock’s hands returned to the irresistible curves of John’s arse, caressing and massaging.
John was intrigued, beguiled, maybe more than a bit smitten with a near stranger … his mouth… and eyes… and voice and hair and hands, how he both took control of and gave himself over to John -- that dynamic was scintillating, exciting, and John craved more.
He soon appears in the doorway, the sheet around his shoulders, something in his hand. He holds it out to John.
“I see.” She looks dubious, but gallantly strives for an encouraging response. “I’m sure it must be very interesting.”
by Fitzgerald. He picked up another Fitzgerald book,
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes. That's the whole of it. My full name.”
*****************
Furious at Mycroft, more so at himself, he walked quickly back into the house, blindly heading to his room, slamming the door. He tumbled onto his bed, burying his head under his pillows, wanting to disappear.
Sherlock woke from a fitful sleep, the air too warm, the bedroom still unfamiliar. He lifted his watch from the side table, squinting at the face to read the time. Nearly 2:30 in the morning.
John lingers in the hallway, pulling himself back together. “More cake?”
John slid off Sherlock with a sigh, and they turned onto their sides again, this time face to face. John pulled the sheet up to their waists to keep in the warmth. Sherlock gently touched the scar on John's shoulder, memorizing the uneven texture of the skin.
John glanced at him over his shoulder. “Did I mention that Mum took Aunt Helen to see a specialist about her bad hip? They won't be back until tomorrow afternoon. We’re here alone.” He ended his explanation with a sly smile.
His skin is damp, the fine hair below his nape gleaming in the light. John reaches out and touches the pink raised line. It will leave a small scar, nothing remarkable, only he and Sherlock will know its story. John reluctantly lifts his finger away.
John caught his breath, unused to being the seduced instead of the seducer. The way Sherlock was gazing at him was intoxicating, and he let himself fall into the haze, waiting to see what would happen next.
“Your mother is writing a book.”
John lifts his hips slightly, dragging his cock forward and back over Sherlock's, a deliberate tease, stroking balls and shaft and head with each pass. Sherlock uncurls his tongue into John's mouth, a low moan in his throat.
Ten minutes later, the rice had transformed into a creamy texture. John added the peas, lemon zest, and grated Parmesan, mixed them in, let them heat through and meld into the rice. He dished out two generous servings and they sat down at the kitchen table across from one another.
John faltered, wilting under Sherlock's scrutiny. He pushed on. “I apologize if I offended you. I was caught up in old memories, thinking about how it used to be... and… I may have crossed a line...”
Intense bursts of light, a cacophony of reverberations in their chests, their eyes drift shut, their lips meet.
I nodded tightly. I told myself I didn't care. My hand was throbbing. I stood up to go wait in the hallway.
“Move a little closer, please,” she directed John. “Put your hand on top of the chair, just like that. Oh, you both look so handsome. And hold that--” the shutter clicked. “Perfect.”
I grinned, thinking how comfortable and at-home Dad looked in the cottage, his old wool jumper fraying at the cuffs, his hair just about needing a trim. He looked relaxed. Life with Sherlock must be going well.
“No body parts in the icebox.”
Sherlock shakes his head. “No, it’s not like that.”
The deep red color contrasts with the luminous green stains on Sherlock’s fingertips, the pungent, spicy scent released by the tomato leaves shimmering in the still air.
“He joined the Royal Army Medical Corps in 1915, and the following year was sent to Basra as part of the Mesopotamian Campaign in what is now Iraq. He was assigned to help establish and run a new hospital near the city.”
Holmes regarded him for a long moment. “So you’ve seen a lot of injuries… death…”
Ah, yes. Now he remembered. He'd bought the rice, lemon, and cheese a week ago, intending to make dinner for the new receptionist at the surgery. They'd eaten lunch together several times, enjoyed a drink after work. John had invited her over for dinner on a night he thought Sherlock would not be there.
“No, most are private clients. I have a website. People contact me, and I decide whether or not I’ll take their case. I’ll often meet with potential clients right here.”
Sherlock looked at the spines of books tucked into the shelves, not really seeing them. “It's so far away,” he said quietly.
Sherlock wavered, then accepted the offer, glad for the distraction. They watched the sunset, nursing their drinks, talking about books and Cambridge and maybe taking the boat out on the weekend. He soon felt much calmer, and realized he missed spending time with his father.
********************
“John here is more of a traditionalist,” Sherlock explained, knowing John didn’t really care what styles were coming out of Paris. “He's going into the RAMC soon, so he’ll need something appropriate for off-duty occasions.”
He slept unevenly, plagued with garish, nonsensical dreams. A giant glowing rabbit appeared in one, and Victor appeared in another, dressed in a red silk bathrobe and standing by the bedroom window.
Sherlock tells him the monthly figure, then seizes the moment. “Do you want to see it?”
John unfolded the note and read it.
Holmes exhaled, bending his neck up to the sky. “No moon tonight,” he said absently.
Sherlock holds John’s gaze, the weight of John’s palm hot on his knee. “Oh.” The single syllable is all he can utter, and so he says it again as he drifts towards John, his eyes hopeful, his mouth warm and inviting, his breath laced with juniper and lime. “Ohh…”
A student stepped up to the microphone that was placed in the center aisle. “Yeah, hi, I have a question for Professor Holmes.”
“Poppycock,” Mycroft scoffs, then sighs. “Could you
“It’s late,” John finally says. “I should be going.”
“Oh, how wonderful for John,” she said, admiring the cover. “We should call and congratulate him. What time is it there? Is it decent to telephone now?”
“That's exciting,” I said, honestly impressed. “Does Sherlock know?”
He smiled back. “That sounds delicious.”
I suspected most grown-ups had a lot of secrets. I watched too much television (much of it without my dad knowing), soaking up stories about every kind of deception -- fake identities, love affairs, drinking and drugs and gambling, long-lost relatives that suddenly reappeared.
Grinning, they pried off their shoes and socks, stripped off their jackets and shirts, and shimmied out of their trousers and cotton drawers, leaving everything in two heaps on the dock.
“Good,” John replied vaguely. “Great.”
His own days were a circle of classes, the laboratory, and his rooms, with the occasional foray into town to obtain certain necessities. He was still a loner, sometimes going days without uttering a word to anyone.
Sherlock pictures his chest covered in blood, his body limp on the operating table, cut open, vulnerable. “Lucky” hardly seems like an appropriate word. He doesn’t like thinking about it, doesn’t like being helpless like this. He’s already sick of tubes and needles, the lack of privacy. “How much longer are they keeping me here?”
Dimmock gazed at the smooth wood of the boomerang he held in his hands, looking positively delighted at the thought of cracking his first big case as an officer. “I hope to be Detective Inspector someday,” Dimmock admitted. “This will be my start.”
Sherlock shifted one hand to take over the stroking of his prick, the sound of their braces and belts jingling as they frantically rutted, the wooden table squeaking, their breathing punctuated with grunts.
“From Greek mythology. He was a great hunter.” John’s fingers are steady as he works. “He was the son of Poseidon, the god of the sea, so he could walk on water.”
There was a soft tap at the door and John peeked in. “I thought I heard you moving around. How are you feeling?”
“Look.” Sherlock steers John roughly into the bathroom, jabs a finger at the faint writing on the mirror.
“I won't leave. I’ll stay with you.”
The student blinked, unsure. “But Doctor Watson did.”
Sherlock holds John’s gaze. “Maybe you’re searching for something.”
Sherlock could easily think of enemies, but friends? No. Most people were put off by his sharp tongue and unusually keen observations. They rarely talked to him or even met his eye unless they had to. Apparently, he was intimidating.
Which room was my dad staying in? Where was Sherlock's room? At midnight, if I listened closely, would I hear the pad of feet against the floorboards in the hallway, the whisper of a door easing open and closing with a muted click? If I listened even closer, would I hear a groan of bed springs and soft sounds?
Almost done -- and there will be a happy ending. : )
He massaged his forehead. Maybe Anthea had Sherlock's number… No, that would be too pathetic to ask. Maybe Sherlock was back at the hotel, and he could catch him before he left. But that would be awkward. What would he even say?
Sherlock does not press the matter, restraining his impulses to push through John's silence. So he waits and works, one week slipping by, then another, and another.
Sherlock smiles slightly. “It is Halloween, after all. Isn’t this the type of thing that happens in all those horror movies?”
Summer is nearing its end, the days growing shorter, the evenings cooler, but the afternoons are fussy and hot, sometimes stormy, often listless.
Sherlock ignores the barb. “What happened to him?”
The casement window cranked open a few more inches and Sherlock leaned out. “What the devil are you doing?” he hissed.
He smiled wryly at me. “And leave you here alone while we're out chasing bad guys?”
His stunning eyes were as sharp and searching as he remembered, the youthful bloom of his face grown more angular and striking, his shoulders broader, his presence riveting. The lanky young student he'd known all those years ago was now this sinewy man whose intensity smoldered like dark embers, ready to catch fire.
sounding to Sherlock like the door of prison cell closing, blocking out all hope with its finality. He collapsed onto the bed, his back aching from helping to lug the heavy trunk up the stairs to his bedroom, his mother leading the way.
He searches around and under the sofa, then the desk and tables without success. Exasperated, he hunts Hannah down in the kitchen.
John waited a beat, about to say something. But then he nodded curtly. “Suit yourself.” He turned and draped a tanned arm around Molly’s shoulders, her arm snaking possessively around his waist.
Taking his time, John closed his lips around the head, sliding over the roundness of the tip, looking up through his lashes at Sherlock's reaction.
Sherlock pushed his chair back and stood up. “Follow me in two minutes.” He walked away, heading toward the back of the pub.
“I know what’ll make you feel better,” John murmurs against Sherlock's skin, the stubble on his jaw prickling his lower belly. Sherlock sighs again, anticipation building.
“Well, what do you think?” she asked.
John checked into the hotel, a refurbished older building with marble floors and gilded accents managing to blend nicely with the modern decor. The two slow-moving elevators were quite small, revealing the hotel’s true age. He exited on the fifth floor and found the room, slotted the key card into the door, and entered.
He woke to darkness, unsure of the time.
Sherlock nodded wordlessly but did not follow. John, wet and glistening, droplets of water caught on his lashes, the flashes of dark hair under his arms when he stroked across the pool, the tender strip of pale skin below the waist of his trunks, would be too much.
They sink onto the bed, still kissing, and lie down on their sides, melting into the satiny sheen. Sherlock hooks a leg over John’s thigh, notching their pelvises together. His breath catches at the sensation of his cock pressing against John's, a wave of heat traveling up his spine.
“Tell him,” I heard myself saying softly. “Tell him about Sussex. Ask him to go with you.”
Confusion quickly ripples across John’s face, which finally settles into uncertainty as he looks up at Sherlock.
**************
View the suits at
matter.” He looked up, meeting Sherlock’s eyes. “I should have said this long ago. I'm sorry.” He swallowed hard. “I’m sorry I hurt you. I’m sorry… for all of it.”
John rubs his neck, uncomfortable. “I can't stay long.”
There was a gathering later at the Holmes’ house with many of the same people standing around with drinks and tiny sandwiches. I wandered along the edges of the room, nibbling on a piece of cheese while examining the bookshelves and photographs.
Sherlock was hazily aware of John's fingers trailing down his neck, coming to a rest on the top button of his shirt. God, he wanted him to slip it through its hole, to undo them all and skim his hands down his chest.
Sherlock leans into the warmth of John's open palm, unguarded. “Of course I do.”
“What is that?” Hannah asks, worried.
“Look what I found,” I pretended to limp around like an old lady. “Was this yours?”
Sherlock ran his finger down the side of his glass. He’d noticed John’s hands were bare, no wedding ring. With the professional news out of the way, he ventured into the personal.
“I’m sure that'll make for a pleasant Christmas dinner,” John mused. “Aunt Helen is visiting us, and my sister may even turn up. I’m not sure how that will go over.”
John crossed his arms in front of his chest. “Doing what, exactly?”
“Great. Super,” the man said, clapping the driver on his back.
John takes a drink before answering. “Sometimes, when something odd happens, you just share a look. You don't talk about it, ok? Or if you ever do, it's over too many drinks late at night after a shift from hell.”
Sherlock thinks, then breaks into a malicious grin. “Philip Anderson.”
“And could you possibly sit up straight in your chair? At this rate, you'll have a hunched back by the time you're 25.”
He watches John extend his hand to Olivia and she takes it, giving a little skip before she hops into the back of the cab as John holds the door open.
“Mm, yes. I thought I'd mentioned that already. He's coming up this week as soon as he can get away from the office.”
Mr. Holmes glanced up absently from the newspaper. “Be good to her. Don't go too fast.”
“Molly,” he greeted her warmly, bending to give her a peck on the cheek. “I didn't know you were coming.”
The slow disrobing, the frantic mauling on the mattress, that mouth… God... those lips wrapped around his cock… That was only round one.
They fell silent, Sherlock trying to picture his life in five years. He'd be 25, maybe finished with a graduate degree in chemistry. But then what? Where would he live? What would he do for a living? Where would John be? He closed his eyes, not wanting to think about it.
John remains quiet, trying to keep his hands steady as he bends down to pick up the Scrabble tiles littering the floor. Ghost or no ghost, he doesn't want to antagonize whoever is toying with them.
John held him close. “I'm happy here. The sun, the water…” he touched Sherlock’s bottom lip with a fingertip, “you.”
Reality intruded again, stabbing through Sherlock's brief buoyancy.
John lifted his gaze back to Sherlock's, feeling dazed.
Sherlock glanced at her again, her eyes fixed determinedly on the road ahead. He mulled over her words about knowing the summer romance wouldn't last, almost envying her decisive action to make a clean break.
They drove slowly toward the social hall, finding a spot to park a distance away so they wouldn't be boxed in by other cars. A group of girls passed by, laughing, the beading on their dresses glinting in the last rays of the sunset.
Sherlock knew John was right. They still had bike rides and morning swims, long lunches and lazy afternoons, beaches and ruins, deep kisses and rumpled sheets.
“Sherlock.”
Sherlock felt another pang of guilt, wondering if John had written to him about these losses. “I’m sorry to hear about your mother and aunt.”
In many ways, it would just be better if he moved out and left Sherlock to his work. They would both adjust. They weren't dependent on each other; they weren't an old married couple, for God’s sake.
He flicked on a lamp and wove his way among half-emptied boxes, side-stepping piles of clutter and stacks of papers that covered the floor, finally reaching the desk littered with a microscope and numerous bottles of chemicals.
John took a breath and went on. “We leave for India in February. We’ll be posted at a base outside of Bombay. There's a hospital there; I'll be doing more training in surgery. Probably treating some routine stuff too. After a year, if everything goes well, I'll be promoted to captain.”
“See something you like?” John baited, turning the tables. It was a simple fact. He had a big dick. And right now, only partially aroused, it was impressive. Completely erect, it was unforgettable. Or so he liked to think.
“And what will you do, Hannah, if you meet a ghost?”
He stopped by the window again, gazing down on the pavement, half hoping to catch a glimpse of John returning. Nothing moved in the pools of lamplight.
Plus, he had to admit, he was still miffed with Sherlock, not knowing what to believe about Mycroft’s cocaine remark. If it was true, then Sherlock was an idiot. It was a criminal offense to use cocaine without a prescription. Everybody knew that. The Dangerous Drugs Act had been passed just a few years ago following the war.
I swallowed and made another mental note.
Sherlock turned to find Molly at his elbow, the tiny crystal beads on her dusky rose dress catching the light.
“Oh, really? Let me read you your text,” Sherlock takes out his phone with a flourish and swipes to the message. “‘At St. Bart’s with Molly — come quickly. Your help is urgently needed.’”
John blinked, flooded with a mix of emotions that made it impossible to speak. He looked down, concentrating on the plaid pattern of the blanket that covered the back of his chair. He smoothed his hand over the nubby wool.
"Paracetamol."
He turns to look at the empty room. As cozy as it is, it’s not right. It’s incomplete. He craves Sherlock’s company. He can’t think of anyone else he’d rather be with.
“No. Just throw the phone away. It won't work after this.”
Sherlock wanted to place his mouth over each vertebra, but he resisted, opting to let John sleep. Besides, he’d had quite a mouthful of John last night, he recalled with a satisfied smirk.
“No, no,” John answered, trying to sound reassuring. “They’re just friends. And they quibble all the time, haven’t you noticed?”
Once safely outside, John turned to Sherlock, pushing him playfully on the shoulder. “What was that in there? You never told me you were an actor.”
“Just forget I said that,” John says gruffly. “Stupid comparison. I’ll see if Molly needs help.”
Dimmock’s face reddens. “These old houses, they sometimes have passages leading outside from the cellar. I’ll check it out.”
Sherlock lowered his hands from his mouth. “No one can save every patient.”
“I was a drunk,” she told me plainly when I asked her why she and Dad had fallen out. “I wasn't a very happy person back then. I made everyone else miserable, too.
Sherlock suppresses a snort. “Not exactly my area.”
John sat at a table by himself in the corner of the officer’s mess, sipping a cup of bitter tea, staring at the letter he was trying to write. He tapped his cheek with the pen, re-reading what he’d written.
Sherlock fidgeted with his glass, a new thought crossing his mind. "You don't have to do this," he finally said, feeling that he might somehow be taking advantage of John's generosity.
Sherlock’s eyes dart to the fireplace where a gas flame is burning low in the grate. “I didn’t light it.”
They thanked her and returned outside, Sherlock's mood turning melancholy again. They walked toward the pub as if they could slow time and stretch out the remaining hours of the day, extending summer indefinitely.
“Sorry!” John snapped in frustration. He took a deep breath, adjusted his leg, tried again. “Better?”
“Wait --” Sherlock didn't want John to leave, but he didn't know how to continue. “I… I'd have some of Mrs. Hudson’s soup later, if you don't mind.”
John lies on his back and Sherlock snugs against him.
After an excruciating hour of waiting, they rode back to Musgrave Hall together, stashing John's bicycle out of sight. They entered through the back door into the silent kitchen, pots and pans hanging neatly from their hooks and the tile floor scrubbed clean.
He thought of the lake and John’s fervent lips against his neck, stirring a depth of desire he didn’t know he possessed, the way John had reluctantly pulled away, his husky words,
Sherlock’s eyes snapped to the student.
“No.” John stubbornly refuses to give in. “We're staying.”
“Ah, lovely.” Sherlock took an appreciative sip before setting it down.
Dun dun duuuunnnnnn. Who could the mysterious man standing behind John be??? Stay tuned for the next exciting installment!
Sherlock went on. “It's not the first time I've thought about quitting. I'd really prefer not to make a fatal mistake at this point in my life.”
Sherlock gives in and starts the engine, turning the heater on high. Cold air rushes from the vents, making his sinuses ache. The small space gradually warms, condensation forming on the side window nearest him.
He places his fingertips on John’s cheek, gazing into eyes the color of an inky autumn night. “Do you remember previous lives?”
“Move, John,” Sherlock whispered harshly, possessed with the need to meld his body with John's. “I want to
Sherlock begins to clean up his workspace. “We should be able to get a cab just around the corner. It’s a short ride.”
John looked at him over his beer. Sherlock was always doing things he didn’t know about. “And how did you get into his room?”
Sherlock drifted away from the crowd, climbing the stairs to his room. As he passed the window at the top of the landing, he heard the sound of tires on the tree-lined driveway. He glanced out, surprised to see a taxi. In a few moments, a familiar figure emerged from the car, white shirt, sunglasses.
John's voice and hand on his shoulder freed him from his spiraling thoughts.
“Just one,” John answers. “We’ve got some unfinished business to attend to.”
“Oh, we’ll leave the bees plenty for the cold months. They overproduce. I suppose they want to hoard every bit of summer that they can, just like us.”
“Tell me something I don't know about you,” John suggested, raising his cup to his lips.
John held his gaze. “I'm sure.”
“It’s no use,” Sherlock sighs. “No one’s around at this hour.”
“Why the
There have been encounters; he's not exactly virginal. There was someone he thought was special once, a lifetime ago. But it was never like this -- he's never felt this way. Cared for, adored. He's still adjusting to that, so his own hands feel clumsy in comparison, impassioned words catch in his throat before he can say them aloud.
John held the jar, turning it in the light. Sherlock watched him, holding his breath, wondering if he would say anything else.
he finished silently. He felt foolish, not wanting to admit that he was jealous of a piece of stationary. “And nothing.”
“Well, you’re stuck with me in the meantime.” She bites into another biscuit.
There was soup, something gingery and refreshing. John filled Sherlock in about the weeks following the failed coup attempt, the government-imposed curfew, the uneasy calm that lay over the capital.
John carefully bends back Sherlock’s bad knee, dots a line of slow kisses down his inner thigh, making Sherlock hitch and sigh.
It seemed like an eternity before he heard a faint shuffle of footsteps and a suspicious voice. “Who is it?”
“I believe it's my parents’ idea to keep me occupied. Idle hands, devil’s work, all that.”
So much was familiar, the way their bodies slotted together, the scent of John's skin, but other aspects were new -- small surprises, some passionate, some playful, some rough, some tender. Coiled together, skin against skin, their hips began a slow rutting.
John nudges Sherlock's chin an inch higher, angles the razor just under his jaw. The familiar face has re-emerged, lean cheekbones and full lips. It's just the scruff under the jawline and neck, and they'll be done.
The driver’s side window is almost frosted over. Sherlock peels off his glove and presses a warm fingertip into the thin layer of ice, melting an oval shape into the glass, a small porthole to the outside world.
John looked on approvingly. He bent down slightly, his hand going to Sherlock's forehead to test the temperature of his skin. Sherlock's eyes fluttered shut under the touch. John's hand felt so cool.
I unintentionally filled two prompts with this one. Enjoy!
“Someone’s playing a game. If they wanted us dead, they’d have done it by now.”
John nodded curtly, looking up when the scent of lavender reached his nose. “You used my bath oil.” His tone was more accusatory than he intended.
“So did I.”
I listened. Breathy, indistinguishable murmurs, soft grunts. The skin on my cheeks burned.
Sherlock scratched out black socks, writing something new underneath. He slid the paper back to John.
It didn’t mean anything, John told himself sternly, just enjoy it. It's just two friends getting a massage. Sherlock never follows convention, and he probably didn’t even realize how romantic this might appear, so just shut up and relax.
Sherlock winces. He’ll never be able to tell Mycroft about John. He wouldn’t understand. “No.”
He watched them ride away, still unnerved at how accurately Sherlock had read him. He pulled his gloves back on roughly and began to yank at weeds, cursing himself for leaving the flask within view. He'd cut back on the drinking, but sometimes he still needed a sip to calm his nerves.
“Is that a watch in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?” John teased.
“I've known for a long time,” I continued. “And the two of you should just… be together.”
“They’re not.”
She seems to feel bad about snapping at him and makes a peace offering. “You’re still looking for a flatmate, right? I’ll ask him if he needs a place to stay.”
And yet he couldn’t imagine what the days would be like without John. His hands stilled, his ears barely registering what his father was saying. Something about the details of honey extraction and storage. His mind as hazy as the smoke that billowed around them, Sherlock followed along quietly as his father inspected the remaining hives.
Sherlock pried one eye open, his face half buried in the pillow. The room was quiet but for a few birds chirping outside the window, the morning light casting deep shadows on the walls. He closed his eyes again, hanging on to the last dreamy moments of sleep. It took him a moment to remember where he was: hotel… London… John stirring next to him in bed.
Sherlock woke to a soft tapping on his bedroom door. He sat up, momentarily disoriented, unsure of the time. The sky was dark, but he was still in his day clothes, now wrinkled and damp with perspiration from a fitful sleep.
was the word that came to John's mind.
“Send it this afternoon. I don’t want to stay here another night.”
John stroked and fondled and sucked, Sherlock's elbows sliding out from under him as he melted into the sheets.
* * * * * * * * * *
John clenches his hand into a fist. “What do you expect me to do?”
“Come in,” Sherlock says gruffly, concentrating on drawing out a precise measure of solution. His eyes are fixed on the pipette, but his ears pick up the distinct syncopation of a man with a slight limp, an intriguing detail he’d missed earlier. Sherlock shifts his gaze to the end of the bench where the doctor is standing, his stance firm as he glances around the lab.
**************
He gently slipped his fingertip in, and Sherlock bit his lower lip, his hands flexing where they lightly grasped John's hips. He pushed his finger a little deeper, going slowly.
He finally located the room he was looking for and stopped in front of the door. He took a deep breath, trying to steady his nerves. His idea was ill-formed, not thought through, but his feet had carried him to this tatty rooming house anyway.
John hesitated, clearly conflicted.
“Of course. I'll contact you when I can.”
“I wish you could, too.”
John peered at him across the wooden table, his knees nearly touching Sherlock’s. “You do? What is it?”
-- it's as if the entire evening was expressly designed to maneuver the two of them into the most intimate of settings for a confession.
“Hello, John!” Molly called out, skidding to a halt. “Look who I found.”
“Describe it,” Sherlock challenges. “What can you even observe with your underdeveloped senses?”
“I don't want to get mixed up in all this,” Sherlock proclaimed, wringing his hands nervously. “We shouldn't have gone out there. I probably shouldn't have touched it, but I didn't know what to do.”
“It's from her, isn't it?” John blurted out. He knew he sounded accusing, but didn't care.
He finally climbed onto the table, the masseuse draping a sheet over his hips and starting on his shoulders. “You're very tense,” she observed, her thumbs sinking into his muscles.
John turned to him and smiled, leaning over to kiss him. “This is perfect.”
His mind drifted back to Sherlock and the bittersweet afternoon they'd had -- the dance lesson, Mycroft’s interruption, the sharp exchange between the brothers. John had stayed clear of the Holmes’ residence the rest of the week, not wanting to cross paths with Mycroft again.
Sherlock looked over John’s shoulder at his own reflection, adjusting his tie and sweeping back the lock of hair that insisted on falling across his forehead. When he glanced at John, he found John gazing at him, a slight smile hovering over his mouth.
“I appreciate your help with my book.” She paused. “You're a good mathematician. You should consider pursuing it.”
I sit next to Sherlock in the back of the cab when we return to Baker Street after the press conference. It’s dark outside, Christmas lights sparkling in store windows and draped around trees, illuminating the cold night. A light dusting of snow covers fences and cars and bushes and bins, softening the hard edges of the city.
“John, wait.” Sherlock rushed his words. “I do this kind of work because I owe favors to powerful people. I’ve done some questionable things in my past, and I'm working off a debt. This damn contract ends in a month and I'll be free.”
John smiled. “I'll be there.”
“Christ!” He whispered hoarsely, reflexively batting Sherlock's hand away.
“And they ruled out the farmer as a suspect?” John asked.
Sherlock felt the curve of John's smile in the next kiss as he worked open the button with nimble fingers. He was pleasantly jolted by the heat of John's lips pressing against the exposed triangle of skin on his chest.
Sherlock groaned internally, wishing he didn't have to be constantly reminded of that fact.
John glanced at Sherlock, looking at his shadowed profile. He had the sudden urge to reach over and put his hand on his thigh, lean his mouth into that long neck. He looked away, trying not to tempt himself with thoughts that might not come true.
He leaned back against the sofa, more serious now that my question was hinting at his personal life. This was new territory for us.
John closed the door softly and Sherlock slid under the covers, confused and relieved and conflicted, wishing John was next to him, smoothing his forehead gently until he fell asleep.
“Sherlock, you berk. Why didn't you tell me you'd be here? And what's with the outfit?”
Curious, he squinted, slowing down.
If it was just him, John wonders, if he was unattached and had no responsibility to anyone other than himself, would he be with Sherlock now? Would he risk being decimated again, staring at Sherlock's empty chair, drinking the pain away? He doesn't know. He doesn't know if Liv is the reason he's not with Sherlock, or if she's the excuse, or if she has nothing to do with it at all. It's that goddamned complicated.
“I suppose that’s true,” she snorts. “How do you find crimes to solve?”
“Very nice.”
He winces at Hannah’s loud voice behind his shoulder.
“I’m sorry,” he says, looking into John’s eyes in the mirror. “For everything.”
“I suppose not. Right, then. I’ll be downstairs if you need me.”
“Good…”
“Oh, how exciting. But you don't practice medicine anymore?”
“I don't know how it's possible.” Sherlock turns the petal once more between his fingers, then looks up at John. “You were right. Some things can't be explained.”
I vaguely recognized a few people who Dad knew. They smiled at me and remarked on how much I'd grown. I picked at my nail polish. The service was formal and boring, so I tried to guess who other people were based on what I could see of their dark clothing and the back of their heads.
Mr. Holmes finally changed the subject when he turned to Sherlock.
The glow of the colored fairy lights strung around the kitchen window cast a rainbow of mottled light on Sherlock’s bare back, almost as if he’s underwater. John notices this strange effect as he carefully wipes the blood from Sherlock’s shoulder blade with a cotton pad soaked in antiseptic.
“Stop slouching,” he replied unsympathetically. “And let me lead.”
Finally, John had to ask. “What are you doing?”
Sherlock stood and looked at him intently. “I think you should come with me.”
John stood awkwardly, then stared at the white envelope again. Something about it bothered him, but he wasn't sure why. He continued to hold it, trying to examine it the way Sherlock would. The handwriting was neat, the strokes confident, maybe a feminine slant to it. The ink was deep black, perhaps from a fountain pen. He lifted the paper to his nose, sniffing the envelope as subtly as he could. Was there a trace of perfume?
Sherlock snaps his eyes up, his attention laser-focused on John. “Excuse me?”
“Reuters?” Anthea suggested, absently running the rim of her beer bottle along her lower lip, still staring at the stranger.
John blinks at the sharpness in Sherlock’s voice.
Mycroft folds the paper, rises, smooths his jacket, and indicates that Sherlock should follow him to a private room where they can speak.
Although the words contained an invitation, full permission, perhaps even a soft command or a quiet plea, John’s fingers trembled as he placed them delicately on the side of Sherlock's throat.
His breathing gradually calms, and she helps him into his pajamas, tucking him under the covers.
Mr. Holmes looked stricken at the thought of the car getting dirty again so soon. “Erm, maybe later this week.”
Sherlock kissed John hungrily, waltzing them toward the case wall, his hands sliding down to John's belt buckle, the metal clasp  releasing with a soft jangle.
John reached for his Leica, wanting to capture the hazy morning light, mussy hair, full lips, long legs. He stepped onto a chair for a high angle, full body portrait. He shot low: over a rounded shoulder, up a dune of hip, down to the flaccid cock nestled in a dark thatch of hair.
John's gaze travels down Sherlock's long neck to his chest, the sculpted muscles defined in the low light. He ought to offer some reassuring explanation about the writing on the mirror, but can come up with nothing.
John only nodded, still fascinated by the strange array of of items in every nook and cranny. Bats and botanical prints and a display case of bullets.
Guided by the moonlight spilling through the windows, they find two large candles decorating a table near the foyer and several tall tapers in the dining room.
“Wait for what?” John asks, dodging a puddle.
“My mistake,” Mycroft said, sitting back. “Hobby, then.”
“There’s always a reason,” Sherlock added darkly.
Sherlock stands up and tends to the tea, hands John a steaming mug.
It was surprisingly easy to plan this trip. These days Olivia is so busy with school and swimming and her friends; it seems like he rarely sees her unless they pass in the foyer on the way in or out of the house.
“Afghanistan,” John replies cautiously.
He pictured John's tight smile -- the one that didn't reach his eyes and meant he was biting back rage -- and recalled his last words:
Sherlock grabbed two pears from a bowl on the table and led John up the narrow back stairs, down the carpeted hallway, and into his room. He shut the door behind him, turned the lock, and set the pears on his desk.
Sherlock let John ramble, listening in stony silence.
Sherlock finally stood in front of him. “You’re in high demand.”
John finished his coffee and set his mug aside, making a quick side trip to the bathroom. When he returned to bed, he was seized with the urge to slide his hands past the fabric that gaped open at Sherlock’s chest, wanting to trace every muscle and bone with his fingers and mouth.
He reaches for an old t-shirt laid out on the bed, shivering slightly as the cool air plays over his bare skin. The room is large and drafty, an unlit fireplace taking up one wall, a desk and chair against another. A thick rug partially covers the floor, but fails to hide the dark stain near the bed.
When the knot looks acceptable, I straighten my tie, checking to make sure it’s even. I pause and glance up. In the mirror I see Sherlock standing behind me. I hadn’t heard him come into the room.
When John wakes, he is alone in the bed. He wanders to the tiny kitchen and drinks a glass of water, still a bit foggy from the nap. He looks out the window toward the sea and spies a lone figure walking along the beach. He would know that lanky silhouette anywhere.
“Oh, we’ve met,” a deep voice drawled from the doorway.
They walked side by side without speaking, hunching their shoulders against the cold.
“Are you going?”
“What if I were a vampire?” Sherlock murmurs, not sure if he’s teasing or flirting or still caught in the story.
Sherlock knew John meant well, but at the moment every nerve in his body was raw and defensive. Mycroft always knew where to strike to make him feel like a failure. “There's nothing to tell,” he answered brusquely.
“We’ll buy every damn tube on the shelf,” John promised, a sultry gleam in his eyes.
“Several years,” Sherlock answered vaguely. “Academia is a small world, as you know.”
“It's a smoker,” he said, noticing Sherlock looking at it oddly. “Smoke calms the bees.”
“I don’t really --” Sherlock stopped, not even knowing what word to use, faltering out a weak substitute. “-- socialize.”
Walking toward the door, Sherlock felt lightheaded, almost giddy with anticipation for whatever was next. He led the way as they walked their bikes through town, away from their houses.
It was John’s turn to raise a quizzical eyebrow. In reply, Sherlock switched on his phone and started scrolling.
Sherlock scoffs, pulling a tangle of Halloween decorations from the box. “You tricked me into coming here.”
“Here.”
His thumbs hovered over the keyboard as he read the three words remaining on the screen, struck still by the unintentional confession.
******************
“Yes.” John plucked up a clover. “Hard to imagine.”
“Do what?” John peers down at the table. On the board, neatly arranged letters spell out three words.
Sometimes John imagines what it would be like to bring Sherlock to one of those parties, introduce him as his boyfriend, watch people's mouths fall open, and gasp when Sherlock insults the host. The thought lightens John’s mood, but only for a moment.
“I’m suddenly having a hard time concentrating.”
Of course he was tense, practically naked in the same room with Sherlock, oiled up, getting a couple’s massage, for Christ’s sake.
“Hi, Sherlock.”
“Mummy mentioned in her letter that you've been working with her on her book,” Mycroft continued. “And that you've been helping Father with the bees and garden. I thought she was joking.” He took a sip, his gaze calculating. “But I can see that you've been out in the sun. And you're quite fit. So… rustic. Such a change from the thin specter you were at Christmas.”
“I almost had you,” John protested, out of breath.
He checked the window. Snow was still coming down, the streets quiet except for a slow plow rumbling past. He should go home, give Sherlock some time alone in case he didn’t want him hanging around all day. He texted an Uber, standing up when his phone buzzed minutes later.
John covered his mouth, stunned at the possibility of Sherlock’s motives and his own stupidity. He chewed on his thumbnail, glancing at Sherlock again. His eyes were still on the window, his expression neutral.
John licks and fondles and teases, driving Sherlock mad. He bites his bottom lip, groaning half in pleasure, half in frustration. His cock is hard, leaking. He finally can’t bear it anymore.
In two swift steps he had John pressed against the edge of the sink, his lips on his mouth, his hands cupping his jaw, the kettle abandoned.
“True, you’re not clever enough to hack it… Fine. We’ll split the time as you suggested, starting tomorrow.”
“I did, didn't I?” Mycroft mused. “It was sound advice.” He paused, looking down at his feet. “I haven't always offered you the best counsel when it comes to matters of the heart. I'm pleased things have worked out for you.”
John takes the candle from Sherlock and blows it out, a wisp of smoke curling into the air. The remaining candles and low-burning fire bathe the room in a golden glow.
“None of those mattered,” Sherlock murmured, nuzzling John’s bristly cheek.
Their shirts are gradually discarded, and John kisses the freckles dotting the long neck above him. Busy fingers unbutton and unzip trousers, work them down and off. Shadows dance over bare skin as Sherlock guides John to where he wants him -- sitting with his feet on the flagstones and his back against the couch -- and straddles him.
Sherlock obliged, wandering off to find a large handful of twigs, sticks, and dried leaves while John went back for a second load.
“The hell with you,” Sherlock whispered half-heartedly at Mycroft, trying to muster bravery as a cold fear slowly crept up his bed.
“Just proving a point.” Sherlock took a sip of coffee, looking very pleased with himself.
Molly's cheeks went red. “What? No! I'm just being friendly.”
His hand dropped away and he slid deeper into the tub, submerging his body, the water lapping at his earlobes, saturating the hair at his nape.
John readjusts the straps of the two heavy overnight bags, his shoulders aching, and follows Sherlock up the narrow stairs of the inn. John can’t help but notice that Sherlock carries a much lighter load -- the room key, the only room left in the inn, as it happens -- the silver fob glinting in the light.
For the first time in a long time, John was lonely. The army had consumed his life for more than a year, his attention dominated by his duties. He rarely thought about romance or sex anymore, not when his hands were sewing intricate stitches in an open body, not when he listened to a patient’s lungs or heart, not when he fell asleep beneath the mosquito netting, too tired to think about anything but the next day’s roster.
I pulled up to the garage and stepped out of the car. The first to greet me was Stamford, the Irish Setter. There was some special meaning about his name, but I never quite got the full story. I'd have to ask about that again.
It always took forever for us to leave, the farewells almost complete, then some other thread of conversation beginning, the two of them standing at the top of the stairs, me pulling impatiently at Dad’s sleeve.
John studies him. “Yes, I expect so. We always do.”
“And ate ripe pears at midnight.”
He forces himself upright, places his feet on the floor. He stands, straightening his shoulders. Push it down, lock it away, keep moving. London is waiting.
Sherlock pushes the door shut, reducing the sound of the rain to a dull hiss in the background.
“Your arse is a block of ice,” Sherlock growls back, nibbling John’s earlobe and squeezing John’s decidedly chilly bum.
“Delivering cakes?” Sherlock asked, glancing at John as they drove into the village that night. “We really are desperate for excuses, aren't we?”
They fell silent, and John held his hands out to the fire to warm them, unsure what to do next, highly conscious of the floral and spice fragrance mixing around them.
He starts the fire to warm up the room, then passes the time by reading several scientific articles. On a whim, he begins scrolling through history sites, brushing up on his knowledge of World War I. He had deleted most of those lessons from school long ago. When the endless maps and campaigns start getting muddled in his head, he closes his laptop and switches off the lamp.
Sherlock made his way home and climbed the stairs to his room. The house was quiet, everyone asleep. He stood on his balcony again, fighting down the urge to scream at the sky. On an impulse, he turned the knob on John’s door and slipped inside his room, keeping the lights turned off.
Always though, their conversations revolved around work. They talked about motives and opportunity, suspects and theories, but not about the past. The most personal exchanges centered on whose turn it was to do the shopping or polite inquiries about how John’s leg was feeling or if Sherlock had slept well.
John grasped Sherlock’s wrist, holding him back. “I want to. I want to have you in me, have every atom of this summer on my tongue, in my body.”
Sherlock relaxes his fingers, trailing them down John's neck to his shoulders. “I was afraid, too.”
“Almost.” Sherlock glanced toward John and Molly followed his line of sight.
“Triple Chocolate?” John suggests.
John flexed his leg experimentally, surprised to discover there was no pain. “I can't believe it.” He looked back up in wonder.
*****************
“Now who's
“Don’t make me hack into your system again,” Sherlock warns.
John thinks to himself, feeling almost drunk,
John understands, and slides Sherlock’s cock deeper into his throat.
He casts his eyes around the room, searching the dark corners for movement, his senses on high alert. He can detect nothing, but the hair on his arms stands on end.
He smiled faintly. “I'm not even sure where to start.”
The doors slid open and they stumbled out, still groping, fumbling for a key card, clumsy as two drunks spilling into the room lighted only by the city’s glow through the open curtains.
Sherlock remained silent, knowing John was right but irrationally hating him for saying it out loud. He turned blindly away, unable to move his legs even though he wanted to flee.
His feet were damp in the dewy grass, the air heavy with the scent of roses where he waited. He stared at the window, checking for any sign of movement.
Sherlock dines in the kitchen with Hannah that evening, finding her rambling stories about her ex-boyfriend a much-needed dose of dullness.
he really, really wants more. Sherlock presses into the kiss, seeking more of John’s mouth, his scent, his very
Now that they had found their positions, John began pumping his hips, his other arm looping around Sherlock's chest for stability. It felt amazing, his cock buried between Sherlock's thighs, surrounded by the pressure of hot, oiled skin. He built up to a rapid thrust, the tension of being discovered heightening his arousal.
He wiped sweat from his brow, assessing which spot to tackle next. He looked toward the beds that lined the walkway to the house. He should probably work on those, in case any visitors came by. He doubted his aunt had many guests, since she lived such a long walk from the village. His mother was trying to convince her to move into town.
They walked to a pub down the street filled with a mix of tourists and locals, found a booth in a corner, and ordered martinis.
Sherlock blinked, slowly refocusing, clearly seeing the different paths that lay before each of them, the first steps already taken. “You'll do well there, John. This suits you. I'm glad for you.”
“You’re a doctor,” he states, his voice seductively rich. “You’ve seen war, injuries, death.”
Sherlock moves around the house the following day as if in a dream, staring out the window at the frosty garden or stretched out on the sofa with an unopened book on his lap. He barely eats anything, his tea forgotten on the table and going cold.
“How lucky are we, to have a second chance?” John murmured.
“Fascinating chemical.” Sherlock strolled with his hands in his pockets, rolling the round candy in his mouth.
“Fine, then. Live-in partner, if it suits you. I work from my flat. It'd be convenient if we were both there.”
Mike sat up and cleared his throat loudly. “Well, I think we’re almost out of time--”
They embraced, their first touch since their farewell in Rome. “Look at you.” John held him by the shoulders, gazing at his face.
They hold their breath, bracing themselves for more.
“To another successful case,” I offer a toast, struggling to sound normal.
“Absolutely not! It's Mycroft's turn! … Mother --” Sherlock sighed heavily, evidently losing the argument. He raked his hand down his face in defeat. “Fine.”
“Don’t you ever want to get away from it?”
Sherlock drains his wine glass and sets it aside. His gaze slides to the fire, his answer barely audible. “I do.”
“You haven't.”
John wraps his hands around his mug, letting the warmth penetrate his fingers. He forms a thought, dismisses it, then lets it form again. It might be a good idea, or a terrible one. He says it anyway. “I can help you, if you want. To shave, I mean.”
John folded his arms and looked out the car window, annoyed that Sherlock always had to have the last word.
Sherlock stared at him, appalled at the implication until he realized his father was referring to the car. His parents could be so damned irritating at times.
Sherlock knows he's not just talking about being discreet. This goes to the heart of it -- the pain he caused all those years ago. The lies. The disappearing without a trace.
“You.” John's lips trailed to his ear. “You're like a drug. Impossible to resist.”
Suddenly tired, he sat on the edge of the bed, then slowly fell backward, lying with his back on the mattress. He turned his head, breathing in John's scent on the pillows and coverlet.
Sherlock felt a warmth rise along his neck. He glanced at the fence, which appeared to have three or four more loose sections to be hammered into place. The twitch of a curtain caught his eye and he looked up at the house, catching a glimpse of a pale face in the window. He had best move along.
The house smelled of fresh cut pine and honeyed wax candles, mulled spices and wood smoke. Drinks were flowing, the phonograph spinning, chatter and laughter rising to the ceiling.
“If you hadn’t thrown that first snowball,” John reminds him, pinching his icy arse in return, “we’d be nice and warm, wouldn’t we?”
Sherlock turned to face her, wary. His parents had never met John, only knowing about his existence through the occasional vague references that he had made. “Doing what?”
“Are you worried?” I asked once.
Sherlock looked at him, his fingers playing over his glass beaded with moisture. “I can't answer that. Our situation is… too clouded.”
“Think they'd mind if we used some?”
John lets his hands linger for a moment, then he draws the edges of the white shirt together and begins doing the buttons. It's these intimate little moments that catch at Sherlock's heart and make the long years of waiting worth it.
Sherlock looked impeccable but closed-down, removed, going through the motions with perfect posture and a drawn face. I lingered near the back of the church, waiting for Dad.
Sherlock’s eyes are growing heavy, pain medication dulling his wits. “You were never young,” he mutters, attempting a half-hearted insult.
Sherlock's eyes closed, his head leaning back, then tilting forward again, watching John with dark pupils, his lips parted, his breath shallow.
John stroked his back, his voice rough with emotion. “I don't want to go, but I have to. We both have to.”
Mrs. Holmes narrowed her eyes at him. “Are you feeling well? You've been moping around for days.”
“We can certainly accommodate that,” the shop owner assured them, directing John’s attention to several swatches of a soft charcoal grey fabric.
“Oh — God —” Sherlock cants his hips upwards, his fingers digging into the mattress. He comes, bursting into a million stars, his mind blank, timeless, nothing but primal pleasure rolling through his body.
The blood drained from Sherlock’s face. He'd never told John the unsavory details about that part of his near expulsion.
I don’t know if he sees, if he knows.
Sherlock froze, unsure how much to read into Mycroft's comment. But then it struck home. Mycroft knew about John. Of course he did. He had the same uncanny ability to observe and deduce, and he could easily read every undercurrent of their slow waltz in the middle of the afternoon.
Sherlock thinks, unable to move,
Sherlock felt a hot flush creep up his neck. They entered a long, dimly lit building. The lights were thrown on, illuminating the vast space.
“What about?”
“You smell like rain and dog,” John mutters, giving in when Sherlock nuzzles his neck. His arms loop around Sherlock's waist. “Even your nose is cold.”
I slipped the house key back into my pocket and dumped my bag in the foyer. Dad was sitting on the sofa hunched over his laptop. He was wearing his reading glasses, sleeves pushed back, methodically pecking out each word.
After a few more strokes, John finds a rhythm, tilting Sherlock's head, adjusting the angle, hearing the rasp, rinsing the razor in the sink. He goes slowly, working deliberately. He is attuned to the blade in his hand, aware of the vulnerable skin under his fingers. He will not cause a nick or cut; he will do this as carefully as surgery.
John eyed the mobile. With hesitation, he accepted the call. He cleared his throat. “Hello?”
“It's quite wonderful, isn't it?” Mr. Holmes beamed, admiring a jar he held in his own hand.
Asking to borrow the car always involved questions, as did telephone calls to arrange plans. His great aunt guarded the phone like a watchdog, wanting to know who had rung and why. She stationed herself by the windows, watching the comings and goings along the road.
Although he hides it well, John is nervous, his stomach doing little flips again, his nerves alight but for very different reasons than earlier this evening. Any thought of ghosts has faded, his mind occupied entirely by the flesh and blood man standing before him. And such a beautiful creature he is, pale skin, blue eyes, hard chest, hands that could kill, lips that hint of numerous pleasures.
**********************
It was a smoky blue t-shirt, almost grey, the cotton worn quite thin. The shirt managed to hang both loosely and tightly on Sherlock’s frame, a contradiction that intrigued John over his breakfast. It was loose around the collar and sleeves, tight over his chest and torso, just a tad roomy again at his waist where his striped pajama bottoms were tied low on his hips.
“Me too.” Sherlock sat up, smoothing back his unruly hair. “C’mon. I’m going to take you to the best Chinese restaurant in the city.”
“Cheeky,” John chided softly, moving his hand to Sherlock's neck, his thumb caressing the skin just beneath his ear. Their eyes met, ending their banter. The world fell away.
Just then Mike steered toward them, a stunning woman linked on his arm. “Ah, here you are. I’d like you to meet Irene Adler. She’s a professor of human sexuality studies.”
“No. Your haircut, posture, and clothing told me that. Which was it?”
Nearing John's house, he was pleased to see John in the front yard. He was crouched down, repairing a section of the wooden fence. John stood up when he caught sight of Sherlock, a hammer hanging loosely in his hand, waiting for him to come to a stop.
He reached an arm to the bookshelf, pulling out a thick volume with a red cloth cover. The pages fell open easily to the two photographs tucked inside. He gazed at the portrait of John, then at the photo of them together. How he wished he could recapture the feelings of that summer, relive every touch and glance. It was like trying to grasp a wisp of smoke, vapor vanishing between his fingers.
John could see her nowhere, so he handed Holmes the second drink and took a seat across from him on a tatty orange couch. It was too loud to talk.
John passed by. "Sure I can't get you something?"
They lay there, silent, basking in the afterglow, the sun setting. Sherlock couldn’t help but imagine what they must look like from a bird’s-eye view. Disheveled, half undressed in a circle of flattened grass, utterly spent. A low laugh shook him.
Sherlock has also wrestled with this triangle and knows he must step aside. “You're her father. She needs you. She needs stability.” And I'm unstable, Sherlock thinks. “I understand.” He's already released John from any obligation.
John can't place the lines for a moment, then it clicks. “T.S Eliot.” He glances at Sherlock, surprised that he'd ever bothered to memorize poetry. “You're not so old, you know.”
“Don't know… Most likely there's money involved somewhere, something valuable in the house, or the property itself.”
John turned back to the stove, peeked at the pasta roiling in the water, his shoulder blades briefly outlined against his white shirt as he stood on tiptoe and leaned toward the pot.
John stares at his drink again, afraid he's already revealed too much. But he can't stop. “I don't know why or how, but there are some things you cannot explain with pure logic. Whether you call it a spirit, or energy, or a soul -- there's a thinner line between the living and the dead than you think.” John exhales heavily, afraid to look at Sherlock and see the scorn in his eyes.
John’s hand was engulfed in a brief press of a huge palm and fine-boned fingers.
Sherlock gazed at him, his face serious. “It was brave.”
John is nearly finished. “So there’s a constellation of Orion, pretty easy to find, bright stars outlining his shoulders, belt, and shield.” He snips the tread. “There. All done.”
Sherlock and John take a moment to simply stop and listen.
“Good, then. We’re both unattached.”
“Maybe he needs something from us before he can rest,” Hannah adds, then gives Sherlock an embarrassed smile. “Or maybe that’s daft.”
“And this is our son. He’ll help show you around.”
John jutted out his chin. “Partner.”
The hallway.
Sherlock nodded.
A sliver of Sherlock’s brain was mildly irritated at his own uncontrollable moans, the rest was shutting down under the warm pressure of John's mouth and hands. Skilled, capable hands...
John looks taken aback. “I — did Molly mention that too?”
Sherlock fixes him with a baleful look. “Not very reassuring, considering someone’s been slipping in and out at will, apparently.”
A devastatingly deft suck and swirl combination had John sliding his hands into Sherlock's hair, transmitting his urgent approval through his clutching fingertips.
John searches his eyes, and Sherlock holds his gaze. John gently strokes a lock of Sherlock’s hair back from his forehead, then runs his fingers through his curls, lingering at his nape. The gesture is intimate and soothing, a motion done many times before.
There were books on botany and mathematics, cookbooks and chemistry and Chaucer. A framed faded photo of an Irish Setter puppy.
Surprise and warmth flood through my chest. These are the most intimate words Sherlock has ever spoken to me. It’s a confession of his own, if I dare to read it closely enough. Emboldened, I gaze into his eyes. “I wouldn’t want to be anywhere else.”
, John chastised himself. He was really letting his imagination run wild. Too much booze and sex and not enough sleep. Still, that word
“Right. No sharp objects.” Sherlock tries to smile, then looks down into his tea. “I can't even hold a razor steady.”
They stay by the fire as it dies to embers, talking about old cases to pass the time, waiting. Nothing else happens, so they light the tapers and make their way to the stairs. They gather their bags and climb the steps, the small flames casting eerie shadows along the walls.
John meets his gaze, accepting the challenge. He lets a few seconds go by. “Don’t know. You might be.”
John sighed and shifted the torch he was carrying into his other hand. They would need it soon, a dark blue hue spreading over the hills as the sun descended. Words he hadn’t thought of in ages came to mind.
Perhaps he’d been foolish to do this, to act on a whim, carried away by the sun and the smoke and the bees, but he had to take the chance. John glanced away, noticing the hat and netting in the grass. He bent down to retrieve them, handed them back to Sherlock.
I kept to myself, accepting the plate of food Dad brought up to me with minimal conversation. I brushed my teeth and changed into pajamas, texted a few friends. I finally switched off the lamp and lay in the quiet room, my mind inevitably turning to what I didn't want to think about.
“Thank you,” John replies, clearly moved by Sherlock's gesture. He quickly checks for messages, and finding none, sets the phone carefully on the bedside table. He pulls Sherlock back down to the bed, the white sheet drifting unevenly around them.
***********************
Sherlock curls his hand suggestively around John’s cock. “You know… Surprise me.”
“You — you got your hair cut,” John stammered.
They toppled onto the bed, banging shins and gauging elbows in their haste. This time John had Sherlock pinned in place, straddled over his hips.
Sherlock opens the door, smiles at the sight of their bright faces and matching blue eyes, and is flooded with a sense of well-being. He lets Olivia, perched on her tiptoes, pull him into a hug. He catches John's soft expression looking at them both.
“I would very much like to touch you right now.” John’s voice was barely audible, but he knew Sherlock heard him from the way his eyes darkened.
Sherlock hadn't bothered to traipse all the way around the property and had no idea any such hives existed. Still, he trailed after his father, glad to have something to do.
It took John a moment to understand his invitation, but then he laughed. “You’re not serious.” He expected Sherlock to give way with a grin, but he simply raised his eyebrows a fraction. “Are you really serious?”
The disgust in Sherlock's tone was reassuring. John’s anger gradually dissipated, his voice softening. “Where are you?”
John pushed the worst of his thoughts away. There were ways to be careful, ways to keep secrets hidden. If anything was going to come of this frustratingly palpable mutual attraction, he would have to be the one to set things in motion. He just couldn't be a bull in a china shop about it.
John pulls at his ear. “Look, I can sleep on the floor.”
They finally broke apart, suddenly aware they had crossed over into new territory, something that could resemble a future together.
He stepped back into the hallway, checking for Sherlock. Not finding him, John wandered back toward the lobby, passing a juice bar along the way. He glanced in, seeing a smattering of couples and singles at the tables, a woman fussing over a tiny dog in her lap, a tallish bloke in dark jeans and cream-colored jumper standing at the bar.
***************************
John keeps his gaze locked on a point somewhere down the street, then finally looks at Sherlock. “Sure. Fine. If you can stop being a dick.”
“Although in this case I merely telephoned Mike Stamford for your address. Not terribly difficult.”
of his lowering fly filled the room, momentarily drowning out the throbbing music.
“I was a consulting detective. Took cases no one else could solve, including Scotland Yard. Shocking, really, how poorly trained forensic units are these days. No observational skills, no ability to make deductions based on the evidence right in front of their noses. I was doing rather well until I cocked it all up.”
“We’ll send you back to uni with several jars,” Mr. Holmes promised, fitting the lid back on. “It'll be nice to have with tea on a rainy autumn day. Brings back a little of the summer.”
John agrees, and they set out for the little house along the shore. The walls are thick, keeping the rooms cool. They stretch out on top of the sheets in the dim bedroom, a fan turning above them, the waves murmuring in the distance. His hand lies on Sherlock’s chest, measuring the even rise and fall of his breath.
I chewed thoughtfully for a while. “Do you think my dad will ever remarry?”
Sherlock resisted his charms. “Go unpack.”
Sherlock followed John to the small room. John peered into the glass, smoothing back a few stray hairs.
“Er --” John panicked for a moment, then realized she was referring to the pressure of her hands. “No, um, it's fine.”
“Sentiment,” Sherlock answered dismissively, then winced inwardly at his own hypocrisy. Sentiment had propelled him here, clutching a jar of honey like a nervous suitor. He held out the gift, suddenly feeling a bit foolish. “Here.”
“Yes, well... I’m pleased you’re on the mend.”
“Oh. Well, he’s new here, doing locum work, so I figured I’d show him around.”
The sun climbs higher and the town slows with the increasing heat. Sherlock folds the paper closed. “Siesta,” he announces.
They walked down the carpeted hallway and back toward the spa, every nerve in John’s body heightened. They turned into another hallway where the changing rooms were located, the area now dim and deserted. John watched Sherlock turn the knob on one of the doors, then disappear into the small cubicle. He followed, his heart pounding, the door clicking shut behind him.
“Good evening. I'm inquiring about a room for let. I was told to ask for Mrs. Hudson.”
“Twenty minutes.”
Another long pause, then John continues.
“Not a problem.” John sends Sherlock a private glance. “We managed to entertain ourselves.”
They panted, ragged little moans escaping their throats.
Sherlock stretched his arms over his head luxuriously, his ribs standing out against his taut skin. “Good God, man, I need a moment to recover.”
Sherlock doesn't answer, still struggling to tamp down the mix of emotions boiling under his skin. The scotch, the lights going out, the Scrabble tiles, the glowing candles, locked doors, luxurious bed, lit fire,
Sherlock glances at the bedroom clock. Nearly five in the morning. The stitches itch and he has to resist scratching his arm. Thirteen stitches, to be precise. Must be his lucky number, he thinks ruefully.
“Those would leave a deeper wound,” John said. “I think it was something smaller, lighter. Whatever it was must have killed him instantly.”
The first drops of glistening liquid are cold, soon warming under the friction of their hands. John shifts his weight, guiding Sherlock onto his back. He climbs on top, straddling Sherlock’s hips, bracketing his shoulders with his hands. He slowly rocks his pelvis, dragging his heavy cock and balls back and forth over the length of Sherlock’s thick shaft.
Taking a deep breath, he threw the stone in a graceful arc, the point of contact confirmed with a satisfying tonk. He quickly stepped back into the shadows and waited again. Nothing. Cursing under his breath, he dug out another stone, stepped forward, and launched it up at the glass. Tonk!
Sherlock looked up, a half smile on his lips. “You're not entirely dull, either.”
you this?”
After retrieving his bicycle, Sherlock spent the rest of the morning cleaning it, checking the tires, and greasing the chain, just as Thomas had taught him years ago.
“Alright.” Sherlock didn't mind a bit of work outdoors. It would help him stay fit, since he wanted to try out boxing when he was back at uni. He would love to learn how to land a solid punch on several over-bred, weak-chinned faces he had in mind.
He was afraid the spark that had ignited between them half a world away wouldn't be the same here. The tension that had permeated their initial meeting two months ago had fed into their whirlwind night of passion, ending with Sherlock stealing his laptop and tanks rolling toward the presidential palace -- hardly a typical start to a romance.
My feet moved forward on their own, gliding silently toward the bathroom. I don’t know what I was thinking, why I was so compelled to go closer, but I did.
John touches Sherlock's cheek gently. “I'll call Harry, see if she can take Liv so I can stay longer.”
Forgetting dinner, John grabbed his jacket and followed Sherlock's rapid descent down the stairs, somehow simultaneously delighted at the prospects of both crime and Christmas.
There was an impatient knock at the bedroom door. “Are you still primping in there?” John called out.
Sherlock had chalked up his moodiness to fatigue. John's aunt had tasked him with clearing out the attic so she could sort through the clutter, which led to a back-breaking purging of the cellar, pantry, and long-forgotten boxes in the back of wardrobes.
“Here we are.” Mrs Hudson opened the door, allowing John to step inside. “It's snug, but the window lets in good light.”
The clerk looked at him quizzically. “I'm sorry, Sir. Who are you looking for?”
“Alone?”
After another minute he pops his head in. Sherlock is wiping his hands on a towel, his face and neck covered in lather.
“Don’t stop,” Sherlock groaned. He could come from just this friction against John’s body, this shared rhythm in the darkened room. He ground himself harder against the muscle of John’s thigh, climaxing with a soft cry against John’s neck. John held him, murmuring into his hair, guiding him to the end.
I took hold of the edge of the curtain with trembling fingers. My breath shallow, I pulled the cloth aside the tiniest bit, moving with painstaking slowness to remain unseen.
“You alright?” Sherlock peered at him more closely.
“Christ,” John sighs.
“The Bach.”
John fretted his way back to the flat, where he paced the sitting room. What was he going to say when Sherlock returned?
John turned his head to look at him. “I don't know. I don't think there is an answer to that.”
Dad got up and filled a glass of water for me. “Here you go.”
The room is cool and dim, his private haven. As they stand by the bed, Sherlock realizes he’s never invited anyone to this bedroom before. Apart from the few days with John at the safe house, he’s led a solitary and celibate life the past several years.
Soon after, Sherlock rose from his chair and went to his bedroom, shutting the door. John peered around his chair. The card lay on the table. Against his better judgment, he crept into the kitchen and stole a glance at the note. His heart sank. Embossed on the front was an extravagant red W full of flourishes and elegant sweeping lines. The Woman.
(An ode to John's season 4 hair.)
“Mrs. Hudson. She’s doing her Christmas baking. Can’t you smell it?”
He raised on his toes, his palms cupping Sherlock's jaw, drawing him closer, gently, slowly.
Sherlock scowled, feeling 12 years old again.
Mycroft is clutching a paper cup of coffee and pauses by the end of the bed to take a cautious sip. The twist of disgust that passes over his face causes Sherlock’s mouth to curve up slightly.
“No.” Her cheeks went red. “Yes. Dammit, how'd you know?”
The month-long trial period of rooming together had come and gone. Over the past few weeks, they'd established a pattern of sharing the limited space of the flat and involving John in Sherlock's work. John didn't -- and couldn't -- go everywhere Sherlock did, given his bad leg, but he had quickly learned what Sherlock did as a consulting detective when he was practically shoved into a cab to race to a crime scene on his first evening after moving into the flat.
“Hale and hearty. Even Mycroft is here for the festivities.”
He looked at her, surprised again. “Who else would you be?”
“Call Molly.”
John shook his head, settling back against the seat, watching London glide by.
“I'd love to hear you play again.”
They cast furtive glances at the bed. It looks plush and inviting, and big enough for two people. The practical thing to do is just share it, catch a few hours of sleep, and be on their way in the morning.
Disappointingly, Sherlock wrapped up the case sooner than expected, honing in on the thief -- a ski instructor who, Sherlock discovered, was actually a career criminal with ties to the Russian mafia -- within two days. After a dramatic confrontation in the chalet lobby, the thief threw a few desperate punches at Sherlock and attempted to flee. John, acting on instinct, tackled the man and the authorities were called in.
Sherlock’s mind is suddenly filled with the vision of John prying up the floorboard to hide the journal. He is pale, sweating, nearly delirious, a bloody bandage swaddled across his shoulder and chest. It takes all his strength to finish his task, his face twisting in pain as he pushes the board back into place. He remains crouched on the floor, panting. His hand clutches at his chest and he grimaces, falling forward, collapsing on the floor. It’s late at night, the house silent, no one hears a thing. In a few hours, he’s dead.
“Dreadful. Just dreadful.” Mrs. Holmes clucked her tongue, turning the pages of the newspaper at the breakfast table.
He stepped aside to let me in. “He’s resting. I’m just making tea. Come up and I’ll explain.”
“Likewise.” They locked gazes, not blinking.
Sherlock frowned, then sighed, letting the book fall shut. “I occasionally use it to stimulate my mind, yes. And I occasionally need to quiet my mind with something else. But I'm a trained chemist, remember? I'm very careful.”
“I thought so.”
John smiled tightly. “Very good. The pain is all in my head, they tell me. But the bullet that went through my shoulder was real enough.”
John smiled in return, leaning in to cover Sherlock's lips with his own. “We’re not leaving this bed today,” he said between kisses. “No cases. No clients. No telephone calls.”
It isn’t long before the room starts to tilt, a familiar and welcome warmth filling Sherlock’s veins. His eyes grow heavy, but he needs to know one thing before he slips into unconsciousness again. “What happened?”
“Oh,” she shrugged innocently. “Maybe you’ll partner up this year, find a passion project you can both really sink your teeth into. Get those creative juices flowing.” Her lips parted slyly. “Coming together with the right person can be
He peered closer, about to read more when Mrs. Holmes abruptly folded the paper and tucked it under her plate.
Sherlock’s heartbeat quickens, enthralled.
“Okay, next question,” John squints at his phone. “You’re at a candle shop; what scent of candle do you buy?”
He sighed and pushed the papers away. “I’d better stick to gardening from now on. You've lost me.”
He glanced up the stairs at the flat, a familiar warm glow seeping through the crack of the partially opened door. Sherlock had the fire going, and John could picture it, the flames casting shadows over the red carpet, the comfortable chairs.
John turned his head to grin at him. “You enjoyed it, then?”
He’s forced to take a break in the late afternoon when Hannah prods him to get off the sofa to get some more exercise, so he prowls idly through the house, feeling like a caged animal. He returns to the library to continue his research, annoyed to discover that Hannah has moved his laptop.
Sherlock’s heart is pounding but he staggers ahead, led by his emotions. “I know what my answer is,” he whispers, knowing he’s stealing John’s turn. He doesn’t care, there’s a window open and he’s got to squeeze through it before it’s too late, before he slams it shut himself and seals up the whole room. He has to do it now or never.
John quickly swallowed another mouthful of beer, trying to wash away the image of Sherlock and the thief’s naked bodies, hard and sinewy, Sherlock’s long fingers tracing down the inky legs of the spider, memorizing every line as evidence.
John speaks first. “I know you're going to say it's impossible. That it was my imagination.”
He stuck his hands in his pockets and hunched into his coat and scarf, beginning his walk back home. He looked up, a smattering of stars visible in the clear night sky. He soon came to the campus and decided to make a quick detour to his office to pick up a book he’d forgotten. He’d have plenty time to read this weekend since he had no other plans.
“You want a nice, billowy smoke,” Mr. Holmes said. “You don't want sparks flying out. That'll just make the bees angry.”
It wouldn’t take much longer for John to come. He imagined fucking Sherlock like this, pounding into him, skin slapping, biting his shoulder, making him cry out in abandon.
“Sherlock's told me about her work,” John replied, sneaking a sly glance at Sherlock. “Brains must run in the family.”
“We were very close.” Sherlock didn’t know why, but he felt like telling John the truth. “More than just friends.”
He hates this time of year. It's nothing like it used to be when Mrs. Hudson and John both lived here. He's kept himself busy at Bart's running various experiments and analyses, trying to block out the garish store windows and relentless holiday music by burying himself in the cool, quiet sterility of the lab.
But his voice. John had never heard anything quite like it, the timbre impossibly rich.
John lifted his eyes to Sherlock, amazed. “Just by looking at that scarf, you knew to search for a boomerang, didn't you? That's why you were smiling back at Molly's.”
Sherlock is in a semi-daze, sighing languidly when John trails his lips down his throat to his chest, sucking one rosy nipple to a peak, then moving carefully to the other, cautious of his injury. Sherlock’s fingers tighten on John’s shoulders as he continues down his torso, nuzzling the sensitive skin above his navel.
He would apologize, it was the only solution. He'd explain that he'd had a lapse in judgement, he'd been swept away by nostalgia, and made a mistake that would not happen again.
“One more question,” Sherlock says, his voice low.
John snapped his head toward the sound, his eyes narrowing when he recognized the lanky man standing calmly by the door, his bespoke suit and sharp face all angles and cheekbones and perfection. John hated him.
Suddenly he's moving, bursting through the door into the bedroom, searching for John.
“Oh, God,” Sherlock gasped when John entered him again. “Christ… I can't think.”
that he has been aching for.
Had he opened them, he would have known about Mary's death and John's injury. But what would he have done with that knowledge? How would it have changed anything?
Impressions washed over him -- Sherlock on his knees, the crown of curls gilded by firelight, slick fingers and tongue and mounting pleasure, the creak of leather cushions, his own stifled cry of release.
Sherlock stole a glance at John and found him looking back at him.
The faint breeze shifted, sending the smoke in their direction, stinging their eyes. Sherlock didn't care, the scent of burning wood permeating their hair and skin, imprinting the night into his senses.
He ran a hand over his beard and rubbed out the kink in his neck. He'd fallen asleep with his head jammed against the side of the plane, dreaming.
Sherlock rubbed his face, attempting to clear his head. He was still a bit drunk, but felt no pleasure in it. He stood up, his balance off-kilter, and stumbled to the door. He leaned against the wall for a moment, debating whether he should take the call or just hang up.
“Well, then, I’m glad I have my nice cozy room downstairs and you have the big bedroom upstairs with that awful stain on the floor.”
Sherlock turned around to reach for a folded towel on the bench, his cock pendulous, swinging slightly beneath the thatch of dark hair at his groin. John swallowed. God, he was more beautiful than he remembered.
“Your mother… no doubt she’d like a photograph to remember you by when you're gone.”
“For information.” Sherlock comes to a stop, clapping his hands together. “Hungry?”
John groans again.
When the crowd had thinned, he stood up, leaning a hand against the seat for support. He fumbled for his cane, cursing his bad leg, and hoisted his valise from the overhead rack. He limped to the steps and eased his way down to the platform, looking for a porter to help collect his trunk.
“Stop it, both of you.” Sherlock meant to add something rude, but couldn't think of anything clever. He laid his head down on the table instead.
But this -- this visceral response -- was new. And rather alarming.
a prick. But I thought you’d say Mycroft.”
“It's not mine.”
The beer, the whiskey, the endorphins flooding through John's body made the room spin and he closed his eyes, embracing the carnality of the moment, knowing he was alive.
“Christ,” John collapsed on top of Sherlock again, panting, his collarbone digging into Sherlock’s jaw. Sherlock wrapped his arms and legs around John, never wanting to let go.
The fire pops and crackles, the room growing hotter. John slowly rolls his hips, lost in a tangle of tongues and lips and hair, damp patches of pre-come blooming through cotton. His cock is hard and full, compelling him to find the sweetest points of contact, grinding down on Sherlock in wanton ways. He doesn't notice the sparks swirling around the bed like a glowing whirlwind.
“Someone has an odd sense of humor.” Sherlock tries to sound nonchalant, but this latest antic needles him. If there's someone in the house with them, he wants to be prepared.
John let the hot water thunder against his back, the pressure unknotting his cramped muscles. His body had been constantly tensed the past three days, angry at Sherlock, embarrassed for having to impose on Greg, tired and irritable after taking on extra work at the clinic. He was going to need all the money he could earn if he wanted to move out and get his own flat.
“Did I mention there’ll be cake?” John offered enticingly.
In a heartbeat, he decides. John switches off the fire and grabs his coat and scarf, shoving his feet into his shoes. He’s going to find Sherlock at the lab, and they’re going to spend Christmas Eve together.
The mug is moving quickly and he keeps pace into the kitchen, where the cup lands with a slosh in the sink.
Sherlock shifted his gaze to where Molly was standing by the sheet-covered table, a human form evident beneath the cloth. John slid from the stool and joined them, standing next to Molly.
Sherlock sighs, and John shifts, the bed creaking as he kisses his way down Sherlock's chest, to his stomach, past his navel.
He gave me an odd look. “Yes, of course. We’re healthy, you're doing well in school, I enjoy my work, so yeah…”
“I’ll make us a drink.” Sherlock levels his gaze at me, pinning me in place. “Will you light the fire?”
John hears the clipped tones of Sherlock's voicemail and he considers hanging up. Instead, he leaves a message. “Hey… Just wondering where you are. Give me a call, or whatever, to let me know you're okay. And… merry Christmas… I miss you.”
“Oh, now and then. But it's usually my fault. You need to take things nice and slow.”
John gazed at the gold band he still wore on his finger. To remove it seemed disloyal. Mary had had no other family. Taking it off would be a step closer to forgetting her, and if no one remembered her, she would vanish forever. He owed her this small token to her memory.
John tries to meet Sherlock’s eyes again, but he’s faced away, brushing lint off his trousers.
Sherlock watched him, his eyes heavy lidded. John took a steadying breath, then lowered himself between Sherlock’s legs. He pressed slowly forward, the head of his cock sliding in. He almost gasped, the ring of muscle so tight around him, slick and firm yet giving enough to press deeper.
He looked at his parents, contemplating how they had met and courted. He knew the worn-out story about them meeting at university, his father dazzled by his mother’s brains and beauty, his mother charmed by the handsome and doting young suitor. They had married just a year later. In some ways, Sherlock envied the ease of their relationship.
John nodded his head toward the dance floor, then watched Dimmock’s smile fade when he located her with Sherlock.
“Alright,” John said, his arms still crossed. “I’m willing to give it a try for a month. If it doesn't work out, I’ll move on.”
“Fuck me --” Sherlock gasped, his legs straining with effort.
“Fireworks,” Sherlock grumbles. “Ridiculous.”
John laughs despite himself, knowing Sherlock is purposely lightening the mood, giving them a path back to easier territory. He’ll take the opening; there are only so many floods of emotion he can handle in a day. He's still recovering, regaining his footing.
John entered the room, smiled at him. “Hey.”
“Just a drink?”
He slowly peels off his coat and gloves, then unwinds his scarf. I loiter by my chair, feeling foolish in my stocking feet, waiting for a chance to duck away.
“Well, your help is needed to get everything ready in time.”
John’s voice faded, his sentence dying out, smothered by the intensity in Sherlock's eyes.
I scrunched up my face, confused. “So you needed a cane for your shoulder?”
Sherlock met his gaze evenly. “Like I said. It’s not so hard to get into a room.”
He climbed the stairs, hung his coat on the peg behind the door, and pried off his shoes. John glanced up with a quick smile before turning back to the simmering pot. “Vegetable curry tonight,” he said. “With peas, of course.”
John smiled. He actually found the three-day scruff on Sherlock incredibly sexy, the dark etching above his lip and along his cheeks and jawline eliciting certain primal urges. And apparently, Sherlock found the sandy shadowing across his own face alluring as well, for they’d fallen into bed right after a breakfast of hot tea and toast and simmering I-want-to-shag-you-now glances across the table.
John’s voice was a hoarse whisper, a deep confession. “I want to kiss you.”
“And?”
John takes a breath. “And this is his right shoulder.” His finger covers the next mole. He waits, expecting Sherlock to protest or stand up, but he doesn’t move. John takes another chance. He’s not a doctor at this moment; this touch is not professional. “His right knee... is here. And his left… here.”
John slid his hands up Sherlock's chest. Him, it was him, flesh and blood and bone, willingly here, offering the intimacy of breath and lips and body, accepting John's touch.
“Oh.” Sherlock’s shoulders drop, his insistence fades. He shouldn't have brought John to this house, shouldn't have taken this bloody case. “Never mind the fuses. We ought to look for some candles, I suppose.”
“We have all night,” John murmured into his ear. “I don't have to leave until morning.”
“Irene Adler would.”
I think Dad missed living in the city, but he never complained about it. We inevitably ended up at Sherlock’s for a visit, and it was nice to have a place to rest our feet and have a bite to eat before heading home.
He was still trapped in limbo.
(See the end of the chapter for
At school there had been Victor, an exploratory relationship of hand jobs and blow jobs and fingering; last summer there had been Irene, a dark haired French beauty vacationing with her family. She preferred girls, she told him matter-of-factly, but she liked sex and she liked his face and her parents were gone and did he want to come up to her room?
“They have a certain value if you're looking for specific faces, security details… I'm sure you understand.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Six years.”
A series of images flitted through John’s mind — undressing each other, clothes heaped on the floor, hands smoothing over bare backs and arses, the almond scent of massage oil rising from their skin. They’d sink to the bed, their legs tangling, hungry mouths roving over necks and chests, across stomachs, down to thighs and cocks, faces beautifully contorted with pleasure.
John nodded along as best he could, cringing at the student’s butchered retelling of the story.
“It was you, wasn’t it, who had that argument with the other professor at a conference? That YouTube clip that went viral about two years ago?”
It was true, they barely knew anything about each other, but tonight that could change. Tonight, they could talk, they could linger and memorize details, and take it slow until they ran out of words.
Just thinking about all the small talk and forced smiles made Sherlock tired. And now that he had gained something of a reputation as a detective, someone was bound to ask him questions about a case. On more than one occasion he had nearly ruined a meal by providing too many grisly details.
“I'm used to it.”
At lunch, Maria had said he looked pale. Was he feeling well? Sherlock brushed away her concern. “I'm just tired.”
“Just for a few minutes.”
It was dark, the desk lamp the only light in the room, the building deserted. When the door slowly creaked opened, he stiffened, prepared for an intruder.
“Sorry,” John gasped, mortified.
Mycroft took a seat in an armchair and they studied each other for a long moment.
************************
The man was scowling at a menu, then looked up.
And if he was honest with himself, he hadn’t been quite ready, either. He had only been with one man that way, someone who was much more experienced and had shown him the ropes, so to speak. He had worried that things wouldn’t go as well with Sherlock, that what should be sensual and pleasurable might end up awkward and unsuccessful.
John walked toward the road to greet her, then saw another bicyclist leisurely closing the gap behind her. Dark wavy hair, long limbs, well-cut clothes. It was the same young man he'd seen lounging against the tree last evening. Sherlock.
“Yeah, since he's practically a doctor, I thought he'd be helpful.” The line was muffled for a moment, then Molly's voice came through clear again. “I have to go. See you tonight.”
Sherlock remained silent, his expression conflicted. Although John desperately wanted an answer, he knew he couldn't press the matter; he had just put the decision completely into Sherlock's hands.
John shook his head. “No. I'm wide awake.” John didn't want the evening to end, and he felt Sherlock didn't want it to, either. Where could they go?What was there to do in a small village after disproving a murder? He offered an idea, suggesting one of the few places he was familiar with. “We could go to the lake.”
Sherlock’s face blanched. “Mrs. Howard,” he greeted her stiffly. “My mother’s fine, thank you.”
She quickly hung up, and Sherlock was left wondering what the mystery was all about -- and what he was going to say to John when he saw him.
“Are you coming?” John asked Sherlock. Molly loitered near the fountain, her eyes on John.
Sherlock grasped his erection, accepting the slick dob of lubricant that John offered from the tube.
Sherlock hesitated. “Do you mind waiting in an alley?”
“I see. Perhaps you’ll sleep better once you’re back home.”
He felt Sherlock’s mouth curve under his, his reply soft and low and welcome. “I will.”
Sherlock was doubtful. “I can't imagine being this close to anyone else.”
“I can't figure it out. God knows I've tried…” John laughs mirthlessly. “I don't know how to make it work.” He catches Sherlock's gaze and holds it. “Me, you… Liv.” He leaves the rest unsaid.
Sherlock gazed at John, undeterred. “That old saying about there being a thin line between love and hate. That’s us. If I felt indifferent… I wouldn’t be here.”
“I can't remember either.” Sherlock stared down the street, then suddenly grasped John's arm. “Let's be tourists. Come on.”
The cabbie eyes him, waiting, a finger tapping impatiently on the steering wheel.
So he lets John set the pace, and gladly writhes under his caresses, turns his neck for more kisses, opens his knees so John can fit between them and hold him down, keeping him tethered to the moment.
“Don't say that,” John whispered, stroking Sherlock’s shoulder. “We have our lives ahead of us. Who knows what will happen?”
Sherlock closed his eyes, wishing he could freeze time or hurtle it forward, wishing he could stop the emptiness that was already gnawing at his chest.
They rummage together a simple but delicious meal of an omelette, sharp cheese, olives, rustic bread, and, appropriately enough, sweet peaches that dribble over their fingers and down their chins.
friends,” Sherlock challenged, taking the cigarette back, secretly relishing the moment his lips touched the moist end where John’s mouth had been seconds ago.
“Just find out if we had a relation who served with Captain Watson, alright? You’ve got every government record at your fingertips. It shouldn’t take you long.”
“Oh. Boyfriend, then?”
Sherlock looked out at the sea. “Yes. All the time.”
All was a haze of skin and bone, thrust and receive, bent knees and gripping hands, relentless cock and filthy moans, sweat and come. Sherlock reveled in it, arching his neck, disintegrating, John's name on his lips.
He stroked Sherlock's thighs as he kissed his way down both legs, spending extra time nuzzling the soft skin of his inner thighs. John finally shifted and looked up into Sherlock's eyes.
“If the weather’s good, we can harvest another batch tomorrow,” Mr. Holmes offered. “You might find it interesting.”
I gripped onto Sherlock's hand, which was strong and boney and giant compared to mine. Dad dabbled on the laptop, kindly pretending not to notice my lack of talent. I practiced doggedly until it started to feel less like an awkward lumbering and more like a fluid dance. Sherlock was an excellent lead, which helped.
I smiled back, proud that I'd thought of it.
Sherlock looked at him, a small smile crooking his mouth. “I can't help but notice you're right here, too.”
“What's the rush?” John grumbled, pulling on a shoe.
“What made you change your mind?” Sherlock murmured, sliding John's braces off his shoulders.
Why? Why, for the love of God, were there 10 bags of frozen peas jammed into the freezer? Sherlock was supposed to do the shopping for the week, and
Sherlock held my gaze, the lighter finally at rest in his hand. “You're a good person, Olivia.”
Sherlock looked a bit dubious but complied, leaning over to place his palms against the wood. John screwed the cap off the bottle and poured a pool of the odorless oil into his palm, coating his cock with a slick layer of sheen.
Sherlock rolls his head to the side. “Oh,
“I just… I swear you look familiar.” The doctor shakes his head, clearing it. “I haven’t introduced myself.” He extends a hand. “I’m—”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at Molly, noting the way her cheeks flushed. “He's recently divorced, you know. You might stand a chance.”
They all exchanged glances.
They hunch into their coats against the January wind and start walking, their pace evenly matched. This is the way they’ll find their way back to each other, bit by bit, step by step, side by side.
Sherlock eases out of bed, slides his arms into a blue dressing gown. He worked late last night and isn't ready for this. He splashes water on his face, tries to smooth down the worst of his unruly hair.
Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock held his gaze. “We fucked.”
“Sherlock,” John says patiently, “she really wants you to ride with her.”
He needs John's touch, wants every part of him, but gradually, in increments over many days. Sherlock rolls onto his back, pulling John on top of him. Right now, he wants to be surrounded by John, submerged, wants his weight to settle over him like the ocean, pinning him down, stilling his quicksilver mind.
“He’s away.”
I frowned, not sure if he was making fun of me.
, the neon letters glow in curving script.
It’s Sherlock who turns first, rolling onto his side, facing away from John, drawing up his knees. John is aware of the movement, although he’s nearly asleep himself. Without thinking, he follows suit, turning onto his side, facing not the wall, but Sherlock’s back. He gazes sleepily at the cotton t-shirt stretched across Sherlock’s winged shoulder blades, the slope of his arm, the rise of his hip.
As they waited, Sherlock reached out silently to adjust John's shirt collar, the simple gesture of intimacy making John’s heart skip a beat.
Their gazes locked and they fell silent, a wisp of smoke rising between them. For the first time, Sherlock didn’t look away, searching John’s face, wondering if he felt the same attraction, the same urges that he did. Were John’s words and actions a sign? A proposition? Or was he simply being charming, flirtatious, teasing?
There was something unspoken weighing heavily in the air, but Sherlock simply answered, “Yes.”
He was still amazed to be here, about to embark on a week alone with Sherlock with no chores, no studying, no parents, no expectations beyond indulging in every whim they could think of.
At the pub, they ordered their drinks and found a table near the window, watching people pass by as they drank. Sherlock tried to think of something to talk about, but drew a blank. Somehow, sitting together in a comfortable silence seemed to be enough.
“Well,” John replied, checking his pulse, “you certainly are now. And no wonder, with the hours you've been keeping.”
Although John’s tone was light, Sherlock noted the undercurrent of self-mockery and an edge of bitterness in his voice. Distracted, he was caught off guard when John looked directly at him.
John smiled ruefully. “I’ve been a soldier and a war journalist half my life. What the hell do you think that's all about then, hm? Not exactly safe choices.”
John shook his head, clearing that nonsense from his mind. He had work to do
John found his mouth again, delivering a series of soft kisses, enough to taste the salt on Sherlock's skin, feel the warmth of his breath, lingering on the plushness of his lower lip.
She was even-tempered and never flustered, which made her an excellent nurse, but sometimes her acceptance of all things -- good and bad -- irked John. When he wanted to rant against politics and incompetence and the bloody long rainy season, Mary would shrug and say there was nothing to be done about it. She would turn back to her embroidery or book and find peace in stitches and words, and he would gnaw on his anger, dissatisfied.
“We’re going to grab a coffee upstairs. Want to join us?”
“No. I haven't really been out.”
Sherlock clutches at John’s back, moving his hips, drawing out the motion of their intimate counterpoint. John watches him, his eyes dark, absorbing Sherlock’s reactions, responding to his cues.
John slowly takes off his jacket and hangs it next to Sherlock’s. He hesitates, not sure what his emotions are. He crosses the room to the fire and holds out his hands to the heat, letting it radiate through his stiff fingers.
Sherlock stands on the landing at the top of the stairs and watches them disappear under the arched doorway leading to the front door.
“Mother --”
Sherlock patiently explains the rooftop conversation with Olivia, then
Sherlock wore a black shirt under a black suit jacket, the clothing molding to his body like a glove. He was clean shaven, his hair longer than the last time John had seen him.
“Any drugs in his system?”
“What changed your mind?” Sherlock finally whispered.
John smirked.
A mix of desire and curiosity floats through his veins like smoke. He wants to explore John with each of his senses, discovering and remembering small details. He’s drawn to John, driven by an insatiable need to be near him, to taste him.
All the joys and sorrows had given him perspective on what he really wanted -- and what he wanted,
They exchange one more lingering glance before letting Mrs. Hudson bustle them into her kitchen, their intriguing conversation unfinished.
Oh. Even though I had suspected something along those lines, it was jolting to hear it.
A muted sound from Sherlock's throat indicated that he hadn't. John reached around to gather Sherlock's cock with his slicked hand, adjusting his stance until his hips molded to the curve of Sherlock's arse. He slid his shaft deeper between his thighs, then pulled back slowly, letting the oil warm and spread, continuing to stroke Sherlock with his palm.
He cleared his throat, then slid the envelope closer with two fingers. He picked it up, glancing into the unsealed contents. Train tickets and a tidy stack of bills. He peered closer and knitted his brow. “There are two sets of tickets.”
Another note to thank all of you who are patiently following along and offering encouragement. Sending chocolate and fuzzy little kittens your way as thanks!
John hesitated, finally pushing the folded note across the table. “I wrote down the one thing that I truly want. A very big thing.”
“You’re not blogging about this,” Sherlock warns, rolling on top of John, pinning his hands above his head. “I don't like the unsolved ones.”
Mycroft clears his throat, clearly miffed at having to share the credit with Sherlock’s landlady. “She alerted the authorities, yes. But we sent in a crack team to apprehend him.”
His pale eyes held mine, his face inscrutable. Then I saw the faintest crack in the facade, a tiny tremor as years of secrecy began to collapse. He looked away.
“Fine.” Sherlock steeples his fingers under his chin and closes his eyes. “Candle shop… candle shop…”
He glanced at Sherlock again, noticing the abrasions on his knuckles. “What happened there?”
And after summer was over, another challenge awaited: the Royal Army Medical Corps. Basic training, more courses, then off to serve wherever His Majesty deemed necessary. He wanted to feel nonchalant, but his stomach knotted every time he thought about it, partly from fear, partly from excitement. He wanted to travel and experience the world. He wanted to taste danger and be tested by situations that would never happen in a safe little village like this.
Sherlock set Molly's letter aside and picked up the folded square of newsprint, dread knotting his stomach. Neither he nor John had written in ages. For whatever reason, Sherlock had not been able to bring himself to sit down and write the simplest card or letter.
Sherlock stirred, resettled, resting his hand on John's chest, one fingertip tracing the edge of the scar on John's shoulder.
Sherlock waved a hand dismissively. “Oh, I don't want any credit. It was just for my own satisfaction. Let Dimmock have this. Maybe he’ll get a promotion.”
I love the spikiness between Mycroft and Sherlock. Someday Mycroft will soften a little more, and Sherlock will realize how much they both care about each other. But not this particular summer.
Sherlock takes the laptop, perplexed. “I don’t understand. I didn’t go upstairs at all this afternoon,” he trails after Hannah as she returns to the kitchen.
John’s lips part, struggling to find a long unused voice. “I kept waiting. Until I couldn’t leave.” His words are raspy and halting, as if remembering a forgotten language.
He went to the house and marched straight to the telephone, ignoring his great aunt’s stare as he picked up the handset and asked to be connected to Musgrave Hall.
“I keep thinking about the hiker,” John said quietly. “Such bad luck. He went out to a field like this on a perfectly fine day… only he never came back.”
This house is getting to him, the strange occurrences and coincidences. He’s running out of theories to adequately explain everything, and he doesn’t like it.
“All right.” Sherlock thought a moment, then answered. “I play the violin.”
“Hmm, the Headless Haunting comes to mind.” Sherlock pulls his pyjama t-shirt over his head, messing his hair. “So does the Case of the Wailing Cat. You really need to work on those titles.”
John dressed slowly, his mood much calmer. He checked his appearance once more in the mirror, pausing a moment to study his reflection. He looked good, more relaxed than this morning. For some reason, he winked cheekily at himself.
