Steve, gallant as ever, picked up Tony, blanket and all, and carried him upstairs, kissing him the whole time, completely uncaring of the mess of Tony’s face. He ran a steaming shower, and Tony floated away on that dreamy haze of pleasure again, as Steve cared for him, washing every inch of Tony’s body with almost worshipful tenderness, then pressing him to the wall and covering him in languid, humid kisses. Tony was hard all the way through, soft noises falling from his lips as Steve bathed his hole gently with his tongue, spreading him apart and quite literally kissing him all better. The welts already barely hurt, and Tony was loose and unsteady when Steve finally carried him out to the bed, where he dried Tony with a fluffy towel, following the path with kisses and occasional nibbles.
“Steve, I didn’t-“ Tony said, and his words were cut off into a gasp when Steve’s fingers twisted in his hair and he found himself thrown across the floor, sliding hard into the glass window, a similar move to what they’d practiced countless times while sparring. “Stev-“
“Gotta do something. Looks like my laptop is going to be a brick for the foreseeable future. I’m just trying to write down as much as I remember of what I already wrote, just in case I do end up losing it,” he said, sighing with frustration. Tony frowned at him for several long seconds.
“Jesus Christ, Tony…”
“On the house,” he said, and Steve thought it wasn’t fair how nice Tony was.
“Fucking pathetic.” And then he bent, grabbed one of Tony’s ankles, and began to drag him to the elevator. “We’re going elsewhere. It’s too comfortable in here for you, and when I’m finished I want to come back and sleep in our bed and not have to listen to your fucking crying.”
Tony whimpered, struggling, until Steve started yanking at his tie, and it suddenly dawned on Tony why Steve opted to wear the long tie tonight and not the bow tie that Tony had laid out for him. Within seconds, Steve had Tony’s arms pinned behind his back and tied tightly with the necktie, enough so that Tony couldn’t get out of them if he tried. As Steve’s hands left him, Tony took the opportunity to try to slip away, but Steve tripped him and Tony fell hard, really hard, painfully hard, on the stone floor. He cried out sharply.
He started their game early, murmuring filth in Tony’s ear all night. He kept a tight, possessive hand on Tony at all times, and cut in whenever Tony was dancing with someone else. Once he slipped up behind Tony out of sight while Tony was coming back from the bathroom, pinning him to the wall with a strong hand to the back of the neck, and rubbed himself on Tony’s ass for a moment.
“Are you really going to make me beg?” Tony said, and shivered when Steve gave him a half-smile that touched Tony as softly as Steve’s mouth on his body.
A man yelled, his reddened eyes wild and streaming tears, as two guards tried to wrestle him out of the room. “You let my kids die, you rich, worthless piece of shit! You just flew right over them in your goddamned fancy fuckin’ robot suit! You could have saved them! You-
“I love you.”
“Forgive my sins, for I have come undone…” Steve growled in the most salacious tone Tony had ever heard, and Tony’s reply was lost to a soft moan that was swallowed up by Steve’s kisses.
“Don’t touch yourself while I’m out of town,” Steve said, coming to Tony to help straighten his tie.
Whatcha writing?” Tony asked, flopping next to him on the couch with his usual broad grin, and Steve stuffed the notebook between his thigh and the arm of his couch.
“Or maybe you like to come in every single day, rain or shine, and steal glances at a certain barista? I mean, I am sweet, very much so, so I don’t blame you for your sweet tooth.”
“People?”
“Christ Almighty!” Steve shouted, nearly flinging his laptop across the room in his haste to shut the lid.
“You could hang some of your art here, if you wanted.”
“A cheesecake churro funnel cake frozen espresso,” Tony said proudly. “For you.”
Tony laughed quietly, dissolving into another groan when it put pressure on his ribs. The nanites were working; every day he felt better, could think more clearly, was in less pain, but at this point, he was getting impatient. He tapped his arc reactor, his metal fingertips making a delicate clink on the glass of the reactor.
Natasha said in the deadliest of tones.
“No, no way. Uh-uh,” he said, just imagining Tony getting it up and running and seeing all the erotica he’d written of Tony and himself. He imagined Tony reading the adventure story he was currently writing where Tony rescued Steve from a dastardly assassin, only to have to go on the run and fall in love in the process. He would actually die of humiliation. But more importantly, “I can’t afford it,” he said lamely. Tony smiled kindly.
Steve stumbled into the shitty abandoned apartment, dropping his bag and nearly crashing into Tony in his hurry to kiss him, to hold Tony’s face with both hands hard enough to leave reddened fingerprints on his cheeks. Tony pulled him in almost frantically. Fuck, they could have died so many different ways getting here.
“I don’t know…” Steve said quietly, then became the immediate victim of the most pathetic set of puppy dog eyes he’d ever had cause to witness.
“They’re working hard, leave them alone,” he said, kissing the reactor casing. “Don’t listen to him, you’re doing fine.”
Steve launched out of his chair, knocking it over in the process, and ran towards the counter, going the long way around, since he was neither tall nor graceful enough to hop it like Tony did. He ran right up behind Tony and pulled him around by the arm. Tony looked at him in surprise, and maybe a little fear, as though he’d ruined things.
“Most people aren’t me,” he said with a wink in Steve’s direction.
They really had won.
“Color?” he whispered gently, and a very small, exhausted smile tugged at Tony’s lips.
“No permanent damage?” Natasha asked, and Steve shook his head.
Tony looked back up at Steve’s face, and despite Steve’s situation, he still flushed delicate pink from his cheeks to his chest, and Tony couldn’t keep up with his own heartbeat to see that Steve’s bravado was still tinged with that thread of shyness. Tony wanted to touch Steve, wanted to lay him back and worship him with his hands, his mouth, his body, his soul, until they became molten and inseparable.
“It really doesn’t occur to you that someone might just want to get to know you better, does it?” Tony asked, amused. He got up, finishing his coffee in a gulp. He grinned at Steve. “Don’t you ever just want to spend time with someone you like?”
Wrath
“Tony,” Steve murmured earnestly, leaning in.
Tony didn’t respond, just nodded feebly, and could feel Steve’s heat nearby, as though he had knelt beside him. Tony flinched involuntarily at his touch, before leaning into it blindly.
the sinfully expensive jacket off of Tony’s body.
“It’s not rape when you’re a fucking whore asking for it,” Steve growled, and Tony heard the wet sounds of his fingers in his mouth, then before he could brace himself, Steve had plunged two fingers into Tony as far as they would go, and Tony actually screamed, a protracted, garbled sound that trailed off into helpless, broken noise. He wasn’t stretched, on purpose. He wanted the pain, wanted the burn, maybe even a little blood, but that didn’t mean he was fully prepared for it. And it hurt. A bad hurt, but not one that he wanted to stop. His body tensed and back arched as the tight ring of muscle in his ass was cruelly forced open, feeling like a whole-body leg cramp, multiplied by 100, that radiated from his ass like an inferno. He tried to struggle, but Steve held him fast as he plunged those fingers into him, over and over, only wet enough to get in, but too dry to make it feel like anything other than fire. And hidden under him, pressed against the cold stone floor, he was harder than he’d ever been in his life.
“Anytime,” Tony murmured.
“That was the idea.”
me for dancing with a few people? Jesus Steve, flirting is practically my damn job!” And then Steve was on him, with three hard, brutal slaps across the face that left Tony dizzy enough that he went pliant as Steve flipped him onto his chest, tugged his pants further down, and kicked his thighs apart.
“One more time,” Tony said, shifting up to straddle Steve’s hips, and Steve caught his hands, lacing their fingers together.
“Luuh- I lo-oove you, too,” Tony slurred, obviously struggling to stay focused between the sedatives and the concussion. He smiled so slightly, and Steve beamed at him, damning tears streaming again. He bent and kissed Tony fully on the mouth, his cheeks red and heart soaring when Tony kissed him back, however weakly, raising his hand shakily to touch Steve’s cheek.
he shouted, jumping down beside him, hands fluttering uselessly. Tony hit his head on the corner of a table the way down, a gash in his scalp matting his hair with blood and smearing garish red on the floor when Tony tried to move. The unnatural angle of his left leg indicated that it was broken. Tony stared up at Steve with wide eyes and pale lips, a gurgling sound coming from his mouth along with a sputter of blood.
“You were screaming for help.”
Tony didn’t even think, but lashed out, clawing at Steve’s cock and punching him in the balls before scrambling to his feet. Steve let out an enormous, surprised grunt and doubled over, and Tony almost got to the door when Steve roared and Tony felt white-hot fire lick across his body as Steve whipped at his back with a long length of cable, two, three- no, four times, until Tony collapsed with a primal scream of unexpected pain. The welts were deep and angry red already, and curled fully around his bare back and torso. Steve gave him three more there on the floor, one across the ass and the other two landing across his stomach, and had Tony writhing in searing pain. He was almost out of it, blinded by the burn across his now sweat-covered skin, so he wasn’t fully able to struggle as Steve tightly bound his wrists with the cables, then hauled him back over to the wall where an I-beam was embedded into the concrete.
You know, I’m
Tony preened, sitting up smugly and wiping his mouth on the back of his hand as Steve panted for air, his body twitching and trembling and eyes only half-focused. Tony leaned in, crowding into Steve’s space, his smile half-lidded and self-satisfied.
“I loved it. Thank you. You’re gonna have to kiss these welts better though, seems like you gave both me and Nat a heart attack with that little trick,” Tony teased, letting Steve lovingly feed him bites of donut and sips of water, and then cupped Steve’s cheek, looking at his gorgeous eyes with those illegally long lashes. “Are you all right?”
“Why are you doing this, I’m sorry, Steve, I’m so sorry…” But Tony’s words trailed off into a breathless whimper when Steve hauled him up by the hair again, twisting Tony to face him.
“I did though! Nat, would you put the fucking gun down and listen??”
“I know what I said.”
Tony. His life would be over without Tony. He wasn’t just playing up the husbands thing. And how could he tell his friends now, when he and Tony had hidden it for so long? He wilted further in on himself, letting out a soft, pathetic noise.
“God, could you be any more awkward? Tony asked, leaning forward and taking a sip of Steve’s drink. “I’m not giving you drinks because I expect anything in return. I’m just giving you drinks. So. At least tell me what kind of stuff you write. You got a blog? Write obits for our dearly departed? Technical manuals? What is it?”
“I love you, I’m so sorry,” he whispered in an ashamed voice, and Tony caught his hand.
“I said go the fuck upstairs. Don’t make me wait.”
But he’d lived.
Steve looked at the neck brace again, then at Tony’s face, anxiety twisting in his stomach about how pale he was.
want you to smile or sit down or do anything but look like you’re about to faint, because you’re making me think I might have just lost my best chance with you,” Tony babbled, looking tremendously worried.
“I’m sorry to interrupt, Captain, I have to ask you to step out while we check Mr. Stark’s bandages, he said gently. Steve nodded stiffly, not wanting to leave Tony’s side. He kissed Tony’s hand again and laid it on the bed, then gave him one more kiss on the forehead before stepping out of the ICU med bay.
“The security fields I had you disable are for the utility room on the 88th floor, east wing. Everything around it is still secured, and Jarvis is there, too. I thought it’d be fun to get a little… creative,” he said, and Tony smiled, letting his head fall back in a bit of relief.
Tony laughed again, turning in bed so that he and Steve could curl into each other, that blue glow seemingly brighter than the late morning sun. Tony brushed a thumb over Steve’s cheekbone, and they were quiet, just savoring each moment that they were together, each moment that they almost lost.
“Anything for my best customer,” Tony murmured, his cheek resting against Steve’s blond hair for a long moment, before he pulled himself away. Steve let go reluctantly, clearing his throat and looking at his feet and the table and the gelato freezer, and finally Tony’s eyes.
“Whatcha writing?”
“I’d kiss your cheek, but you’re absolutely disgusting. Is that? Ugh. Of course it is, I don’t even know why I’m asking,” she said, standing, and Tony looked up at her.
Steve crowded Tony against the edge of the pool, stars and fairy lights sparkling on the smooth water that lapped against their chests. Tony craned his neck to give Steve room to nuzzle him, then gasped lightly when Steve bodily turned him, pressing Tony’s chest against the edge of the pool.
Tony just smirked wickedly against Steve’s lips
“There’s a knife in the bag,” Steve said quietly, and Natasha looked at him like he was a crazy person.
Steve flushed, but nodded, running his fingertip absently over the spiral edge of the notebook, making a zipping sound as he did so.
“You’re welcome, Stevie. I mean. Steve. You’re uh, you’re welcome. I need to get back to-“ he said, fumbling his words as he jerked his thumb at the counter. Steve smiled at him, letting go of his hand so Tony could get up. Steve fumbled in his pocket for a moment, and held out 73 cents.
“I love you more,” he whispered, pressing Steve back against the counter and kissing away any other words or thoughts that might interrupt them, much to their mutual delight.
“Nothing,” Steve said hastily, but with a happy grin, stuffing his notebook into his worn backpack as Tony flopped down on the couch very close beside him, putting his arm around Steve’s shoulder, then looking into the distance in front of them and gesturing his hand as though painting a vista with words.
The room erupted in screams as the attendees dove for cover while guards tackled the man to the ground. For Steve, the world slowed to a hyper-focused pinpoint. He stared for what seemed like an eternity, then in slow motion he turned to see Tony.
And now Tony was so still, frighteningly so. Steve’s lips pressed into a thin line, and he strode to the ICU door, only to be stopped by two hands to his chest.
“Prettier.”
“Shut up,” Steve said, and started fumbling with Tony’s tux pants, pulling them down over his ass just enough to get a hand down the back, pressing his dry fingers between Tony’s cheeks. “You fucking piece of shit, you’re not even prepped like a good whore. Can’t even take a dick right, can you?”
But this time, his muse wasn’t there, with his dark hair falling over his forehead and sharp goatee looking nothing like what you’d expect from such a non-corporate place. Steve glanced about, seeing him nowhere, then scowled back at his computer. He closed his eyes, trying to imagine the scene he was working on, and let his fingers type as they pleased.
“Yeah.”
“We just wanted… something private to ourselves for a little bit,” Tony finished for him hoarsely. All of them seemed to soften.
“I want you to watch,” Steve murmured, his cheeks growing pinker at the boldness of his request, and Tony was lost to it.
But Steve was interrupted by Tony’s charming laugh and a hand hesitantly covering his own.
“Most people don’t start small businesses as a hobby,” he said. Tony just smirked into his mug.
“You know, I was serious about fixing your computer,” Tony said, his previous banter gone. He laid a hand on Steve’s wrist. “I mean it. I don’t want anything in return. I just want to help. As a friend,” he said, and looked down at his own knee. “As maybe more than a friend.” Steve just stared, his wrist positively pulsing with heat from Tony’s hand.
“I love you, Tony. Do you realize how much I love you? Because I really,
“Good.”
you. I don’t care how much money you have, I own you and I swear to god I will take what I want out of you, when I want it, and I don’t care how fucking much you scream.”
he started.
“-to fuck you until you can’t remember your name,” Steve finished undeterred, and Tony turned his head to look at him, unconsciously licking his lower lip. He flushed when Steve’s eyes dropped to look at his mouth as though it was meant to be devoured, and the way Steve’s blond hair was mussed, a halo of gold against the grey of the early morning in the window, made Tony hunger. He rolled lightly, spreading his thighs for Steve a little more, and kissed him until he stole Steve’s breath away.
______________________________
Steve nodded at his hands, then completely unbidden, his face crumpled and he folded in on himself, burying his face in his hands as his shoulders shook silently. They all immediately fussed over him, and Steve hated it, wanted to run back to Tony.
“Are you doing okay? Your nose is bleeding,” Steve asked, cupping Tony’s cheek, but Tony’s eyes glinted as he grinned.
“Yeahh,” he hedged. After all, it wasn’t like he could tell Tony that he was an erotica writer, a noted author of many a thrilling corset ripper and gay tryst. Especially since Tony was his muse, and Steve had written an entire erotic series with Tony at its center (or on his back or his knees or-) well, anyway, Steve wasn’t going to tell. Tony arched a brow.
Now the amusement disappeared and concern was easily present. “I actually don’t know, man. He isn’t responding to texts or anything. Went off-grid on Saturday – we usually game online on Sundays. It’s not like him. I’m going round tonight after school to check on him as his bastard Dad’s out late at meetings every Wednesday.”
spells to push back the darkening sky, which no one commented on as the other three ‘adults’ sneakily put them out again as fast as the teen could light them.
Once Tony was completely naked, Steve stepped away briefly, not taking the time to allow his eyes to rove over the familiar form. He moved one of the chairs that usually resided neatly  out of the way  under the dining room table (gone were the days when those chairs were nearly constantly filled by one Avenger posterior or another). He placed it near the wall furthest from the elevator that Tony had stumbled his way through earlier. Then, he retrieved the rope that he’d set in the kitchen while making his coffee, trusting his super-hearing to pick up the first sounds of Stark stirring.
“That’s right… He did. Well, students before bros, clearly!” The sheer satisfaction that drenched Tony’s voice clearly indicated all the guilt he did not remotely feel.
He looked up again as the words that the older teen was spouting suddenly became more muffled and grinned at his son’s expression and the fact that the younger teen had placed his hand over the olders’ mouth. “Like this,” he said, grinning proudly before disgust twisted his expression, and he withdrew his hand, wiping it on the other boy’s t-shirt.“eww. Wade! That’s disgusting. Don’t lick me!”
There!
Now, if Steve’s plans went as they ought, the deception would be in his court. Under his control. The way it always should have been. He never should have trusted the genius of many faces. The man had lied to them all from the beginning in those early years when he concealed his identity. All those years and years of friendship that slowly kindled into passion and love. How many times had Tony been untruthful because he believed he knew better. How many times had he believed his genius made him always correct.
It was clear the moment Wade’s actual words sunk into his head. The speed that he swung his head back around to face the teens made even Steve’s neck ache.
Maybe.
And Steve would still have his husband. The Avengers could continue.
“Cap!”
Nothing to do.
"Mr. Stark said you might be needing me."
, ever have told him the truth of what happened? The fact that he just… just decided it was better to wipe Steve’s mind than allow him to have his own opinion regarding building the bombs. Couldn’t the foolish man see? After the Infinity Gauntlet shattered … to just go from that to saying they’d have to destroy the Incursion with weapons. What podium did Tony and the others stand on that they believed they could make those kinds of decisions? To just… wipe his mind. Cause him to forget it all… They’d have found a better solution than playing God and just destroying other worlds… the others in the Illuminati were just wrong, and no one other than Steve could see it. Why couldn’t they see it?!
“Yeah… that’s something a friend outside of school can do, Pepper. She looks so… sarcastic? And in control? When she does it. It’s harder than it looks, alright?” There were clear overtones of laughter in the other boys voice at least now.
Steve grinned. An expression that clearly startled Tony according to the widening of his eyes. He knew the man would offer some bullshit excuse as that. He knew it! He knew that Tony didn’t have any further justification.
Were the first words as the pair stepped into the room.
“Something’s changing!” from Iron Man.
And that bring us back to the present, Their last easy moments of conversation.
The Mansion had been fairly empty – Jan was in Italy showing her work at a Fashion Show, Hank had accompanied her along with Hawkeye who had both been keen to visit Rome for some time apparently. Although, judging from the smirks Clint had exchanged with Tony, it was far more likely that Hank had just wished to spend more time with Jan as opposed to any actual desire to site see. Don had had to leave early for a hospital shift. Steve wasn’t sure precisely where everyone else was; Vision was off somewhere trying to come to terms with the fact that he was created from the brain patterns and memories of Wonderman, while T’Challa had gone somewhere into the city. He had discussed it briefly, but Steve had been too distracted to take in the information.
Not in that hour, not even that day.
Rhodey’s voice rung out again quietly, none of Steve’s quick amusement present in his tone.
“Steve!”
“Get back!” Quartermain shouted, taking control as some of the nearby agents stood stock still, almost hypnotised by the sudden appearance of the sinuous limbs. “Let Captain America and Iron Man manage this, this is above our paygrade!”
They started whaling around even faster than before, with six or seven aiming directly for Iron Man.
The tentacles some that were somehow placed in the backback on James’ back …wiggled? “I am… I am me. I am the only one of my kind.”
Observing the slumped figure, Steve’s legs seemed to suddenly have molten ice running through them as opposed to the solid bones and muscles he usually relied on. He slipped downwards until he was kneeling next to his husband’s prone figure, one lightly quivering hand reaching out to turn Tony’s head so that his neck was not at such an uncomfortable angle. That looked better. From there, it was easy to allow himself to start to gently stroke his husband’s messy hair in an attempt to bring some form of order to the tangled, messy locks. His spare hand cradled the other side of the slackened face, rubbing softly at the area where a truly fine bruise was already beginning to show.
Iron Man’s voice caught his wandering attention, and he leapt to the side, tucking his entire body up behind the shield in a move as instinctive as breathing  as he dodged the tentacle that would have hit him a moment later. If he were someone else he would have no doubt sworn under his breath at the near miss, but, other than a grunt as he hit the ground, rolling as he did so, all he uttered was a quick “Thanks, Shellhead,” as he sprung back up to his feet batting at the tentacle with his shield once more which was making a renewed attack on him.
Ignored the way the unwillingness slowly turned willing as the familiar burn and fog returned like the embrace of an old and treasured friend.
Then things got worse.
But they kept on trying.
“Alright, Iron Man, Tony. Take it from the top.”
Just as Steve was doing.
And then Steve was
Would Tony,
The lungs of one previously fast-asleep baby Peter Rogers (nee Parker) were filled with impossible amounts of oxygen so as to let out the loudest of squalls.
Tuesday: Tony still wasn’t present.
“Iron Man, what if they can extend? Like Mr. Fantastic.” There was a pregnant pause over the radio waves and Steve just knew that if the armoured figure hadn’t been in the middle of some daring pirouette dive thing that challenged the laws of gravity as Steve knew them whilst simultaneously dodging three limbs and two tips then he’d have probably been hitting his face with his gauntlet.
“I, I was just well, I was just wondering if you’d heard from Ton- Stark? Tony Stark? I saw he hasn’t been in this week and wanted to make sure he was, uh. Ok.”
This was what that had come to.
“That… that might challenge the sixth years… Though I’ve got young Shuri in that group. Did I tell you that Shuri is doing NEWTs with me, Steve? It took some work, but I managed to keep her out of Banner’s paws! I’ll bring in some more advanced potions because of her, we’re going to have so much fun!”
Tony would hopefully brush over it, not wanting anyone to realise about the mindwipe. He’d insist on doing all the research himself. Maybe he’d even blame himself for a mistake with the mindwipe? That would be perfect.
; he always felt he knew best. Flouting his genius. Getting involved with the Illuminati! Building those weapons of such destruction. How could he have not realised that just having the bigger gun would not win the fight? Just because he was smart did not necessarily mean he was right. This was a whole
“Is that why you’re so good at folding and ironing spells, Pa? All that practise? I guess Grandma used that as a punishment fairly frequently.” Peter questioned, a cheeky grin on his face that was audible even though the expression itself was concealed.
Some days the words would bring that spark, that curve of the lip, the man’s soft lips would utter the same precious words back at him and Steve’s heart would sing with sheer joy and light.
Tony was lost, the electronics he had on him shattered by the blows against the pavement.
It was near impossible, these days, to tell whether Tony slept well or badly. Whether his lover would wake up craving or fearing his touch.
When Tony came to he didn’t recognise remotely where he was, a sensation he was unfortunately far too familiar with. He was also in some considerable amount of pain. It did not take many movements for him to realise that he’d at least cracked some ribs as well as damaged the bones in his hands from where he must have been attempting to protect his face from being smashed into the pavement. In fact he was fairly certain that there wasn’t actually a single centimetre that wasn’t aching and throbbing in some way.
“This is what my research indicates, Sir.”
“..What on God’s green earth…?” Steve could feel his eyes widen in shock as he took in the red...thing that had suddenly appeared. He had no words to identify it. There were several long, deep red ...limbs, no, tentacles were thrashing around in the air in moves that somehow articulated absolute fury. The sheer size, let alone number, of them was intimidating, each red, darting limb, seemed thicker than a tree trunk, and several times the length. They positively dwarfed both him and his team-mate, but seemed unhindered by their size.
Upon seeing his parent, and apparently his saviour, the wails restarted as though on cue. “Oh.. buddy. One hand expertly checked the nappy to reveal that was dry. “Hmm…?” Tony bent over, picking up the crying baby and began to bounce him in his arms, rocking back and forth slowly. “This isn’t like you, little man. What’s your problem?” The words themselves were fairly unimportant in nature, Tony mostly concentrating on making his voice as soothing as possible.
the man he loved, was he? Yes, he’d hit him, and there would be more damage by the end of the night. But nothing that Tony wouldn’t be able to heal from within a few days. And certainly nothing as bad as the genius had been through in the past. His husband was tough. He’d lived through shocking his heart daily just to stay alive. A few cuts and bruises wouldn’t slow him down for long.
“I’d like to be!” was the instantaneous reply, as well as the first time that Steve stared directly, challengingly, into the other boy’s eyes.
He would
Peter just smiled.
He did his best to shunt the pain to one side for the moment, a trick he’d learn from Daddy Dearest, and glanced around the room…warehouse thing he was in. Original. At least he hadn’t been tripped naked!
The other boy stared at Steve for a few long (probably not really as long as they felt) moments. Before eventually replying with a “Why do you want to know? You’re not friends.”
The four then made plans for Peter’s actual party which was going to be that coming weekend. Tony and Steve conceded that Wade could indeed stay the night, even if he did only live in the next door village, but only if he would help to tidy up in the morning.
One part of Steve knew he should be absolutely horrified at this blatant disregard for things that cost so much Steve still found it hard to comprehend. Yet, he could feel the way his eyes crinkled at corners as he shook his head in fond exasperation. The man would just not take the time to get changed post his meetings. Steve had lost count of the amount of times Stark had started rambling about some idea he had just had mid-whatever task he had been in the process of doing and dash off to his workshop in order to investigate the idea more thoroughly. It wasn’t really surprising that he forgot such things as changing his clothes.
It was one of those nights when all was quiet.
“That’s” and ouch, did talking fucking
Something seemed to infuriate the tentacles, causing them to whip through the air at a much faster pace, more jagged than previously. Whereas previously they had mostly been keeping their distance after that initial attack, now they were most definitely not.
“I love you, Sir.”
Steve took a deep breath to settle himself.
And, finally?
His teammate’s name reverberated over and over again in his thoughts as he hunted under the water, the name itself unable to pass from his firmly clenched shut lips.
Steve took a deep breath in, still relishing, even after all these years, the ease in which he could fully expand his rib cage, and exhaled. He strode his way to a chair with carefully measured steps, and placed himself lightly within it. He rested his elbows on his bent knees and, steepling his fingers together, rested his chin upon them. His gaze bored its way into his husband’s peacefully resting frame, searching for any of the deceit that its brain was so capable of.
“We… We had to. There was no choice, Steve. You have to understand. You left us no choice! You just didn’t understand. The weapons were the only thin-”
The next thing he knew was Iron Man was standing beside him, one arm outstretched in that oh so familiar pose and firing at the thing that was tugging the dazed Steve towards the suddenly turbulent sounding waters edge. The familiar sound of a repulsor blast rang out, and the rope around Steve’s ankle slackened allowing him to scramble to his feet in time to regain his wits.
Monday: Tony didn’t come to school.
“Well, he won’t hear about it from me.” Rhodey nodded, unease in his gaze.
And waited.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Revolting.
Steve, shaking off his own stupour, echoed the agent’s words. “Move back, we’ll handle this. Set up a perimeter and keep the civilians away, now! Move it!” The agents, well trained in following instructions, immediately began moving in a coordinated fashion, escorting some of the more stubborn observers with varying degrees of patience as they went.
Several of the tentacles went still, with little frissions or blue light running up and down causing a juddering movement.
With renewed determination, Steve threw his shield at the offending tentacle and watched with vicious pleasure as the disk cut through the limb causing the red tip to splash down into the water below where this latest creature had seemed to emerge from. “Tin-man, what’s your status?” Steve pressed, as he caught his shield on the rebound, looking around for his next move in this target rich environment.
“Steven Grant Rogers. As we seem to be full-naming each other here. Now... What. The. Fuck.”
Wade, for once in his life, said nothing. And just grinned while he rubbed Peter’s shouldered and back. Steve glanced over at him as he continued to ‘comfort’ Tony, and the moment he saw Wade’s hand dip slightly too close to Peter’s waist, very slowly quirked one eyebrow.
“You know what, Pete? Steve said after a moment. “You’ve done alright.”
Steve shot a glance towards his team-mate, concerned. It was so unlike Iron Man to be reacting like this. The man was always the epitome of control and dependable mixed up with the occasional sarcastic quip. “Steady, Shellhead.” he echoed his earlier comment, not knowing what else to say.
he knew the man he loved. He could tell what kind of day he had from the way he left the elevator. He’d had a good day when he left the lift before the doors had even finished opening, hands flying everywhere as his fast-paced footsteps strode around their shared living space, his mouth barely able to keep up with his thoughts that flew around his head. When he came in like this, he was tired down to his bones. He’d drop his briefcase the second he entered the room as though it was just too heavy to bear.
“Thank you, Pookie.” Tony replied, tip of his quill resting between his teeth as he chewed on it in thought. They usually called each other such names to try and irritate their son, Peter, who they were expecting to arrive soon-ish, but sometimes the habit cropped up on them even when he wasn’t around.
As a team, and possibly as something more.
“I didn’t feel like you deserved any of the top-shelf stuff, so a couple of bottles of Jim Beam ought to keep you happy, yes love?”
“Shut up!” Steve roared suddenly, spittle flying into Tony’s face, suddenly not willing to hear whatever pithy excuses his lover might have been about to utter. “I don’t want to hear these excuses. Ton- I trusted you! But you, as always, thought yourself to be superior. Better. More clever! You… Futurist.” Steve stepped closer as he spoke, and, without pause or hesitation, raised his hand and backhanded Tony around the face hard enough to send a tooth flying from his mouth and to land on the floor with a quiet ‘toc’ that was all too audible in the suddenly silent room.
He stared for a moment, counting the breaths and matching his own to them subconsciously. This truly was the point of no return. Once he did this? Once he put his plan into action? They could never return to this life of sweet domesticity.
…..There!
Steve nodded, not knowing quite how else to respond. “I’m sorry for your loss, Agent,” seemed the appropriate response. “Has any information  been picked up by the...equipment?" A past part of him would have felt callous at the speed he changed tracks. But now was not the time. Just as it was not the time considering his still limited vocabulary for these situations.
Probably.
The memory brought a smile to Tony’s face. Where had the years gone? How could that pudgy faced toddler have turned into this behemoth who was taller than Tony and did not let him forget it. Tony bit his lip and focused anew on his work. He had sworn to himself that he would
understand. He’d experienced it himself for so many years. That lack of ability to communicate at his own level. The oaf who was responsible for creating this poor AI, he obviously had no idea.
Nothing to say.
He found himself cursing the lack of teammates surrounding him with whom he could formulate the beginnings of a plan with. There were the real beginning feelings of Team in moments such as this. It was still a mere echo of what he had with the Commandos, but he hoped these bonds would develop further. He missed those connections so much. And combat did so often begat brothers. Family. He did not want to imagine a dame like Janet's expression if he were to call her brother.
“Does that mean we have permission to bang?”
the heat rushing into his cheeks. We’ve not been doing anything much really. He said that he knows that 16 is the age of consent, but that still felt pretty young, so we’ve just been, you know, kissing and that kind of thing and making sure we were both happy. I’m his first proper relationship too, and he’s… a little nervous about the way he looks? So we’re taking things slowly.”
Tony’s voice contained a hint of a waver in it that appealed to him as much as the naked form before him. Tony didn’t believe his own words. He didn’t believe this was a joke at all.
Steve paused for barely a moment to throw his shield to one side before diving into the turbulent waters, not taking the time to consider whether the tentacle monster was alive or dead.
Some of the deep red tentacles somehow… detached? And started careening through the air at truly ridiculous speeds independently of the now slightly shorter tentacles they’d left behind. Steve could attest to how much they hurt when they snuck up behind and rammed him in the back. Bruises, thankfully, rather than broken bones. But it was just one more reason to try and find a way to wrap this up as fast as possible.
Still silence did not have to mean dead.
“Daaaaaaaaad!” Came the voice of their now 17-year old son as he pulled the door leading into the house closed behind him. “That is
Steve didn’t try to prevent himself from clutching the boy to him. “We are so, so lucky to have you. You’re so smart, so sensitive. You are a truly amazing young man, Peter.” Peter coloured at the words and allowed himself to be swallowed up by his Father’s warm arms. The pair sat in silence for a time, enjoying the peace and quiet that was seldom available in their hectic lives. Birds provided a background chorus as they twittered at each other their evening songs as a gentle breeze rustled soothingly through the surrounding leaves.
This…
Tony, unconscious post the first strike, was carried limp into the car. Placed in a seat with the seatbelt done up. And driven off with.
And then?
Oh well.
Anger began curdling within him once more.
The early evening slowly turned into evening proper as lumos was cast by three wands and lights were lit to push back the encroaching shadows. Food was cooked and consumed and work was put away for the evening at Steve’s insistence.
And some days it did.
Justice would be served.
“Dad!” Came Peter’s horrified response as the fire in his cheeks grew even worse. “Just… stop! You’re awful!”
A feral snarl slid over Steve’s face as his eyes hardened, zeroing in on the form of his teammate being held so tantalisingly close over the  choppy water.
Nausea didn’t cover it. An innate desire unexpectedly welled up within him to strip his own skull off and tear it into minuscule shreds until he felt like himself again. Felt like he owned himself rather than that shadowed group he had once dared called his friends. One of whom he had dared call his husband. Who had professed to love him.
“I love you.”
See. It wasn’t that Wade was a
The kid. Cremin, to call him by his name, though maybe cretin would suit him better, seemed ridiculous. The fact that Tony was in this much pain from an encounter with him? It just added insult to injury, really.
The others, however?
It turned out he really had been fairly broken. Who knew? Getting slammed into unmovable objects wasn’t good for you when you were a squishy human.
Tony oofed as their nearly full grown son flopped straight on top of him, causing the bench beneath them to groan at the added weight. “Petey. Lungs. Ribs. Stomach.
Lying.
This was the consequence of Tony’s actions.
Red and gold pin-missiles shot from the armour’s shoulders, zig-zagging their way through the air as they torpedoed into the water followed only moments later by muffled booms sending mini jets of water cascading into the air in chutes.
Not that Steve was, you know, looking for him. But it was odd to not see him sitting at the back of the classroom scribbling away fanatically in that ragged old notebook of his. Maybe he was sick?
“We’ll sort it, Shellhead” his spare hand reached into the suit to wipe away the combination of tears mixed with blood from one filthy cheek with a sodden handkerchief he pulled from one of his pouches. “Rest now. We’ll sort it.” He didn’t know how, or when. He didn’t know what the future would entail. How the rest of the team would react to this news. How he would react to Iron Man’s identity. There were so many unknown variables.
“Order accepted, Captain!” Steve did not try to hide his grin as the man threw a crisp salute in his direction. “Deploying now, additional prejudice attached.”
“No.” Came the answer as one calm, serene voice.
Whilst everyone was cleaning up DUM-E’s mess (Steve really was a dab hand with his
Tony, his own eyes suspiciously damp, cut in with a  “Alright, alright you two old rusty water buckets. Petey! Don’t use your hand to wipe your nose, how old are you anyway? I thought you were 17 now, not 3? Using your sleeve like a toddler…. Honestly! Where are those manners that we spent all those years cruelly beating into you, hm?” He rustled his hand around in his own pocket and came out with a cloth. He examined it briefly, and having decided that it only had minimal amounts of suspicious stains on it, wiped it over his son’s teary face. “There. That looks marginally cleaner than your sleeve. No spreading your gross teenage germs around this house hold, young man! So who is this lucky fellow, anyway? Why don’t you borrow Butterfingers and invite him over? We still have cake to eat, you know!”
And wait.
He leant back in the armchair, the fabric of his familiar and comfortable America suit barely showing a crease at the movement, and rested his elbows heavily on the arms in an attempt to lessen the tension thrumming through him. He raised one foot so the ankle was resting lightly on one knee allowing his other knee to bob up and down in a rapid motion more suited to his ‘love’ than himself.
He never woke up screaming.
Chilled liquid spilled over his hands and he shot the newly cracked mug a glance, irritated. It had been some time since his emotions had been so out of control that he’d cracked or broken a mug. He knew his limits intimately these days. This lack of control was yet another symptom of the directionless anger roiling in his belly.
“Is your ear sore, Petey? J, can you check his temperature?” Tony asked as he exited his son’s room and made his way to the kitchen. Maybe some milk…
Was Steve even still attracted to this man? Or had any attraction he had had been lost in the depths of his disgust.  He stared at the flaccid cock hanging limply between the drunk’s thighs, trying to summon feelings of… anything. It stirred nothing within Steve. It didn’t even make him think of the many joyous encounters he had had with that particular piece of Tony’s body. Would that change when Steve felt less… like this?
But wishes were not for men like him.
Tony joined his son in blushing slightly. “...A little strong?” he mock-whispered to Steve who was working on not smiling. Instead of verbally replying, Steve just held up two fingers pressed closely together with only a tiny bit of space between them. “...I get the message.”
Steve failed to notice as he swept from the room to get into uniform.
Tony finally turned his gaze to Steve, and the moment that Steve’s mindset, and clothing, dawned on him was obvious to the soldier. Those exhaustion-glazed blue eyes roved over the tense muscles and the fixed, steely expression. The shoulders squared and readied for battle. Steve could almost see the supposed futurist’s mind ticking as it rewound over the past few moments as and the differences in Steve’s behaviour slowly dawned.
“Anthony Edward Stark.”
Steve’s other friends got in on the act too, and soon Tony had a solid friend base which did wonders for him. It wasn’t a smooth journey. There were screaming and shouting matches. There were threats of running away. There were bouts of crying so jagged that Steve feared Tony would rip apart beneath them.
It adored to troll Clint and refused to toast his bread correctly, so was probably his favourite toaster yet.
“It’s too late for sorry.” He whispered, anger draining from his body leaving his frame limp with… some unquantifiable emotion as he continued to gently play with the greasy hair “But, why did you do it? How much of what is in my head is real, and how much is fake? You’ve made me doubt… everything. Did we really get married? Do I really love you? Or you me. Just… how could you do this. To me, of all people. When I first woke up, you were the only thing that seemed… real. Those conversations with Iron Man. You made me feel… alive. Real. And now? You’re making me doubt everything. Again. Weren’t things good enough between us? Wasn’t I enough? Why didn’t you just
Tony winced at that, he recognised that thought process. Jarvis had had it too. A complete inability to be able to communicate with anything else technological as he was so far above them. Tony himself sometimes found it lonely, having few people around of his calibre to talk to, but for Jarvis, and it sounded like this thing as well? Well, that was a different level.
Anyway. Steve had been contemplating going out for a jog whilst drinking his morning coffee when a ruffled Tony had entered the kitchen. His attire made it obvious that he had not yet been to bed, despite the early hour. His thousands-of-dollars once white, crisp shirt was now wrinkled and covered with grease stains that would surely not come out. His sleeves were carelessly hoiked up to his elbows revealing an expanse of tanned skin that was only marked by similar stains to the man’s shirt. In one hand, his no doubt equally expensive jacket was scrunched carelessly, an improvement on him just leaving it forgotten on one workbench or another as so often happened to Steve’s occasional frustration.
There was something almost artistic in the way that the splatters of Stark’s blood mingled in with the chilled liquid that Steve determined he would remember. Perhaps he would sketch it in the future. In the present? He certainly wasn’t going to clean up the grotesque combination. Let it set the scene for when Stark regained consciousness.
Steve followed Rhodey up the path and in through the unlocked door. Security much? “Tones?” shouted Rhodey as he toes off his shoes and jogged up the stairs to the right hand side of the door.
It began as a normal Saturday in February. The first of February, no less. Superheroes littered the tower in assorted states of dress as they munched their way through lazy breakfasts and early morning training schedules. Everyone, other than Tony, tried to treat Saturday as a bit of an off day. Tony would typically spend his Saturdays following Pepper’s instructions. Today, for instance, he was on his way out for a breakfast meeting in a coffee shop close by to the tower.
“Oh! Well. I… I…”
He ignored the pleas and sobs that followed.
He knocked again before calling out “I’m coming in,” and twisting the door handle a moment later.
charm). Tony pulled something from his pocket and muttered a quick ‘wingardium leviosa’ under his breath. He watched as the little foil packet floated over towards his son who caught it and looked it over in confusion for a moment, before a light pink dusted its’ way over his cheeks once more. He nodded to his Dad who most certainly did not give him a wink in return.
. Why, no, how could you do that to one you professed to love.”
And Steve forced his expression to turn cruel once more as he leant forward and pinched Tony’s nose, forcing the mouth to open.
Tony didn’t want to know what expression his face had turned to to cause Wade to switch away from Pops so quickly. Or why the young man was suddenly backing away so that he was firmly sandwiched next to Peter. Though maybe that had been a tactical move judging from the cat got the cream smile on his son’s face.
The blonde hair grunted.
The action itself took moments and the car was driven off in before the Avengers had a chance to exit the building. Jarvis, working under his own initiative, attempted to trace the vehicle but found himself somehow being blocked, quite how? He was uncertain.
“Hi Prof Stark-Rogers! How’s it hanging for a banging? Hi Prof Rogers-Stark! I come in peace, honest. Please don’t kill me for wanting to...you know… with your son? Don’t make it so that I’m coming in pieces… Your son loves me! Think of his pain!”
“Young sir’s temperature is slightly elevated at 99 degrees Fahrenheit. I did observe him rubbing his ear in his sleep, medical advice is to not give him any medicine yet as his temperature is only barely elevated, would you like me to wake Captain Rogers, sir?”
With a horrific cracking and sucking sound as a pressure seal was broken, Steve nearly fell over backwards as the mask flew off to reveal the grey-faced, soaking wet and blood-stained features of…
“I know,” Peter replied, a slightly teary smile still visible as he wiped the grubby cloth over his face once more. “He shows it in so many ways that it doesn’t really bother me when he runs from moments like this.”
Steve? He loved knowing that Tony was safe. Safe where only he could reach him. They would spend hours together with the soft material, manipulating Tony. Hanging him from hooks so that he would be suspended in midair. Then Steve could run his hands over the naked flesh splayed out before him, gently rustle at the soft downy hair. And Tony would smile this sweet, sweet smile. Guileless. Loving.
A few moments later, Tony returned with Butterfingers perched proudly on his shoulder and an old shoe clutched firmly within one hand whilst the other bore a piece of parchment. “Here! He exclaimed excitedly - I’ve created a Portkey so he can come over straight away. How old is he? Is he in your class? Does he know how to apparate yet? Is he from school?”
Wade had just popped inside with the mugs whilst Steve and Peter attempted to dislodge the reticent cat.
Peter relaxed slightly as he was surrounded by his parents, surrounded by a physical warmth and vocalisations of love. “I. Well. It’s just. Stupid
That domesticity had only shielded deceit and deception. It deserved to be shattered.
Sleepy little Avengers were all tucked up fast asleep in their respective beds, snoring away and dreaming the dreams of the just.
“Take to the air!” shouted Steve as he dodged yet another tentacle that had been attempting to smack into his back even whilst he jumped over one that had been making an attempt to trip him.
Peace and quiet.
genius. A man who knew him far too well. But he wanted Tony to
As for the AI? Well… he couldn’t leave the poor little lonely soul. Not after that had called out to him quite the way it had . He couldn’t give it free rein, not the way Jarvis had, after all, it had already shown ever so slightly murderous tendencies and built itself a sort of body using tentacles. But he did install it in a toaster with very, very strict firewalls.
But Steve wasn’t that bad. He was eventually persuaded to lie next to Tony. And stroke his hair to soothe him when everything was just
He really wished that the rest of the team were there. Hawkeye would be exceedingly useful at watching everyone’s backs, whilst he was sure that Goliath and Iron Man would have come up with something to stop this tentacle...creature, whereas at the moment Iron Man and himself just barely had time to react to their movements, let alone plan some form of effective counter attack. The day had seemed like it was going so well to begin with…
“Look out!” was all Steve could get out before three or four held the metallic figure firmly within their grasp, all of his limbs encircled by writhing tentacles that prevented him from moving an inch. “Iron Man!”
. He wanted Tony to feel the doubt that Steve himself was feeling. He wanted Tony to doubt his own thought processes, to wonder what was real and what was placed inside his memories. To doubt reality.
Steve watched dispassionately as Tony fell, eyes slipping closed. He could not see the table which impacted with his head as he slumped bonelessly to the ground. No one attempted to break his fall.
“All ok, Winghead?” Iron Man called over as he shot another blast at a tentacle that was trying to creep closer towards the pair. “That tentacle got you pretty hard there.”
Tony’s eyes fluttered closed on hearing his name spoken for just a second before they flew open again, a hint of the renewed panic there before he instantly calmed upon contact.
The sound of the approaching elevator caused his knee to freeze in place and him to take an instinctual sip of coffee causing his lip to curl in disgust from more than just his thoughts.
Or were those memories and thoughts a lie? Had they been placed into Steve’s mind just as his other memories had been deleted? As though he were some sort of...computer. Machine.
Steve’s throat clamped shut, refusing to allow neither oxygen nor words to pass through it for one heart-stopping moment before his rational side kicked in.
Tony may have been exhausted, dark bags underlying his eyes. But he smiled, a smile that only grew as a warm hand blanketed his shoulder and he was greeted by his husbands’ sheepish smile. “Sorry, love.” Came Steve’s voice as he kissed his husband’s forehead.
Silence reined.
Uncomfortable.
you two are together and Aunty Nat has Aunty Pepper and you’re fine with that, but it might be different when it’s your own kid, you know? And we can still adopt! And I really, really don’t want to that kid who fuels those stupid things that people say about having two gay Dads has made me gay. Because it hasn’t! You just show me that it’s ok to love who I want. And I happen to like this boy a lot. And I still think girls are pretty too! So I guess that makes me bi? But… yes, that’s. That’s what I wanted to say… and you’re now both hugging me tightly, so I guess that means you’re not mad or sad or disappointed or anything?”
Tony opened his mouth to speak when the peace between them was shattered by the Avengers alarm sounding.
“And what are you?” The real boss was out to play now, time to disguise his pain.
“Tony?!”
Sit there.
It was Tony who first addressed the awkward and slightly nervous air that had slowly been growing on Peter. “You alright, kid?” he asked quietly while Steve was inside making drinks for everyone. It wasn’t that Peter preferred Tony, but sometimes he found it easier to talk to him - probably due to all their shared work in potions. The experimental nature and fact that half the work they did together involved failures and then retries just made it easy for Peter to confide in Tony.
Most days he hoped that he caught Tony’s eye back, but the man seemed to fall in and out of love so fast… it was hard to hope. He was sure he’d heard the man talk about a certain ‘Whitney Frost’ to his butler, Jarvis.
As Rhodey’s voice trailed off, Steve could easily hear that there were things he wasn’t saying. His position as Tony’s best friend no doubt hard to pass on the other boy’s confidential information, but it was easy to see how concerned the boy was.
to me. We could have come up with something… We would have. It’s what we do. We’re a team. I… I love you. Loved. I don’t even know! How can I love you after what you did?”
If he didn’t trust Steve? Then all Steve needed to do was have words with the rest of the Avengers about this war criminal. Then there would be an entirely different set of consequences.
While he was ruminating on the almost nausea-inducing effects of the coffee before him, (one that was definitely caused by the coffee-skin still lingering on his tongue, not remotely his thought process at all) the elevator doors slid open in that absolutely soundless fashion that Steve had yet not seen replicated outside of Stark Tower. Tony walked out, shoulders slumped and head ducked in that way he did only after a long and exhausting day.
“in the flesh, and you are?”
As appeared to be the phrase these days? Saved by the bell. Alarm. Emergency.
feel that fear instead. Stark was one who deserved to feel this trembling sensation under his skin. This nausea. Stark was deserving of these unwanted feelings. He was the one in the wrong! He deserved to feel uncertain of reality, not knowing whether he could believe his own mind. Stark deserved it all!
“Why? Why did you do it? Did you think I wouldn’t realise? Did you think that I wouldn’t remember? How? You and Richards. The Illuminati. Those
“Well, my
...What had they done to deserve this?
He would make
It was, well, a pit was putting it lightly. Bits of mechanics spread everywhere, clothes strewn on the floor… and there, on the floor by the bed, was Tony. Leaning back and staring upwards into space with a blanket wrapped around him and a soldering iron lying next him, it’s use clearly indicated in the burn marks that ran up Tony’s arm.
He wanted Tony so, so much to wake up swinging.
“I… I trusted you. I loved you.” Steve’s words now were mere murmurs, whispers of sentiment swept away into the silence. “How could you do that to me? My mind. My thoughts. My memories. You stole them from me! Tore them from my mind. How could you. Why, God damn you, why?!”
No one really knew what had happened to Tony in those months that he was missing. Well, Tony did, obviously. But he wasn’t telling anyone.
He was trying to deceive a genius. What’s more? He was trying to deceive
Part of him wanted to careen to the floor vomiting until he could be certain that nothing alien resided inside him other than his own organs and skeleton. The... violation he felt. He couldn’t find words for it. Knowing that someone who purported to love him could then turn around and have a hand in orchestrating having his mind wiped. As simple as if his mind were a dirty plate requiring cleaning. Nausea curdled in his gut as the mental image of the group of them, the Illuminati, laughing with each other as they surrounded his prone figure. Laughed at his… stupidity. His naivety in trusting them. Any of them.
“In what way?” He moved closer, away from the water’s edge, to stare at the equipment held within his friend’s hands. The lines and squiggles meant very little to him. But hopefully Iron Man would appreciate the support as it was obvious from his tone how frustrated he was.
Besides, he wasn’t really
The murky waters made it near impossible to spot the fallen hero, everytime Steve turned around another tentacle obscured his vision. Where was the man?
“Hey!” came the instantaneous response, as Steve had known it would, “Why should I try and do them when, if I do it badly enough, I know you’ll take over and do it for me?”
And slept on the sofa.
Steve continued to stare at Tony, trying to understand his thoughts. He’d had the answer to his question that this whole thing had been about. Tony had given it to him in the first few moments of this interaction. It was the precise same rationale that Tony and the other members of the Illuminati had given Steve the first time round.
Ignored the way tears were rolling down both their cheeks.
Steve was a lying liar who lied. And then insisted that Tony lie. In bed. For a loooong time.
Steve echoed the young man’s slightly tremulous smile as his own eyes watered, overwhelmed with love for his son and husband. “I think we’re the lucky ones, Pete. I thank Merlin every day for bringing you to us” He sniffed as well, producing a hanky from one of his pockets and using it to wipe his own nose and eyes.
be one of those parents who got emotional over every little mile-stone. It was not the Stark way.
He forced a grunt past his lips in response to whatever Tony had just said. Not really paying attention to what he was agreeing to - it wouldn’t matter, after all. He wouldn’t be adhering to that agreement.
“Iron Man! Duck!” Captain America winced as his warning came moments too late, and the armoured Avenger was swatted out of the sky like some pesky insect by one of the many tentacles whipping around and giving him and the other Avenger such a good workout. “Iron Man!” he shouted again as he watched the familiar figure careen its way into the earth with a ground-shaking crash.
“Can I come?” the words burst out before Steve had even had a chance to think over his schedule. He was car-sharing with Bucky today… but the other boy could always pick him up later, right? He’d moan, but Bucky liked moaning. It made him happy.
“I don’t know!” The metal fingers tightened causing the device held within them to creak alarmingly. “There’s a pattern here! And I should be able to get it. But I just can’t quite...see it!” One metallic hand released the scanner to form a fist and thump at his own thigh, the metal on metal making a loud clanging noise caused some of the lingering agents to look over at the pair of heroes.
He was in the right. Tony, no, Stark, was in the wrong.
“Sorry,” Steve muttered, taking a drink of his tepid coffee in order to disguise the red that was surely beginning to creep over his face. A curse upon his Irish heritage. “I was...wool gathering.” That would certainly not help to dispel the worry that it appeared Tony and Jan had been feeling, and would surely only up the concerned glances being sent his way.
They weren’t the target.
“I’ll remind him that you said that, sweetums.” Steve grinned, pressing a kiss into the ever so slightly greasy hair resting on his shoulder. Much as he enjoyed the summer holidays, he did not enjoy the way his husband seemed to forget all forms of cleanliness as he became completely entrenched in his work.
He could not see the shattered coffee cup, dark brown liquid dripping from the splintered shards which cut lightly into his face. Steve certainly wasn’t attempting to prevent the additional damage.
what I’m married to? we’d never judge you for loving a boy” Tony mumbled around his son’s hair where he pressed another kiss softly.
Peter, eyes uncharacteristically directed away from his father and hands fiddling with his cutlery, swallowed in another display of nerves before speaking “I wanted to talk to you and Pa about something tonight. And I’m pretty sure you’ll be fine about it. I’m just...nervous? I think? It’s not anything bad! Well. I don’t think it’s bad. I really really don’t want you to think it’s bad. Can we just ...yanno...wait a bit until Pa’s back?”
Tony clearly did not see the fist which came smashing into the right side of his face with a massive crack of something shattering beyond repair.
“And, I didn’t think of that...why?” Came the words, still frustrated but at least edged by a glimpse of self-deprecating humour. Iron Man paused for a moment as the plates residing in his shoulders retracted revealing glinting missiles beneath. “Shifting to armour piercing rounds for this hunk of squid, me thinks. If you’re right, then the central mass should be...there.”
“Need something, Rogers?” came the slightly gruff reply.
Could he call this guy kid? Oh why the hell not. Pepper probably wouldn’t get on his case for annoying someone who was kidnapping him, would she?
He was getting himself worked up. Calm. Calm now, soldier. The time for action was coming. This was a war, as vital as any other he’d fought in. One of the most important things he’d learnt over the years? The value of waiting.
Steve, his resolve strengthened once more, despite the quiet pleas his love was now uttering, picked up the two bottles and returned to the man.
Wade shrugged. “Worth the ask.”
The whine of repulsors sounded out as Iron Man flew directly up, pirouetting to the side to dodge a loop that attempted to wind around his legs with the all the smooth grace of a cat. No mere tentacle could trap such a man.
This deceitful.
And what, I ask you, what proud parent could sleep through sound when piped through Jarvis-activated parent.
The pair did get Tony back to school for the following Monday. Then he relapsed again and nearly had to be admitted to hospital.
Steve’s lip curled upwards in a light snarl as he cut through whatever drivel, whatever… bullshit the man before him was going on about.
His horrified words were interrupted by both his evil parents snickers of pure amusement. “I hate you. Both of you.” He muttered, hands covering his face in a vague attempt to regain some dignity. Both his parents, damn them, just laughed.
They collapsed. Some careening into the water, some slamming into the ground either side of Steve. The quiet whumphfs of impact seemed almost serene compared to the splashes of the ones landing in the water soaking Steve.
Peter swiped at his eyes with his free hand, fiercely scrubbing away any tears before they could properly form. “I...I love you both too. Just… thank you? For, just for being you guys. I am so, so lucky.” He sniffed loudly, feeling his face heat up as he scrubbed at his face again.
Steve narrowed his eyes as he observed a shiver dance its way up and down Tony’s spine. Perhaps the man was beginning to know fear, was beginning to realise that he hadn’t gotten away with his malevolent scheme this time. Perhaps he was only now sliding into that moment of pre-warning, of seeing how things were about to go. Perhaps he was finally registering the fury that Steve just knew was visible within his own eyes. Steve allowed a smirk to cross his lips at the dawning horror that was growing within Tony’s eyes. Those plump lips that Steve loved to kiss with such passion parted in speech but were only able to utter a “So”... before Steve cut in.
And they all did it silently.
Steve couldn’t have said how long passed while he knelt there, completely oblivious to the world that was bustling around them, as he stared steadily  into Tony’s eyes, trying his best to offer the grounding presence that was so obviously needed. His right hand, he noticed, had slipped down so that he was grasping the armour’s gauntlet, and neither man could have explained precisely when that had happened.
Maybe not. I don’t think they’d like my other side, you see.
Tony most certainly did not secretly enjoy the absolutely ridiculous names. That would be ludicrous. Speaking of Peter.... “Did you finish decorating the cake?”
“Iron Man! Duck!!....But we’ve been here before.
No villains. No drama. Just the usual New York City traffic of sparrow-fart o’clock in the morning.
Show time.
Those eyes were concerning, there was no doubt, but the glow was fading the longer the man was conscious for. Steve would wait to cast judgement.
The agent nodded before passing the briefing packet to the soldier who settled in to familiarise himself with the contained information.
As he danced about, jumping or batting against the purposefully flailing limbs, he cast his gaze around attempting to help Iron Man spot the central part. It was not an easy task, it was easy to see that they came from the water, but they didn’t all seem to just appear from one spot which would have made the task that much easier.
Clever man. Gathering all the data he could prior to opening his eyes. Just as Steve had taught him.
All that was left now? Just some more physical damage, just to finish off the effect.
Tony swiftly returned his head to his hand, this time near-falling on Steve for additional strength. “Save me, husband. I am not doing
With that thought, the last hint of uncertainty stilled and dissipated completely.
Steve, in an attempt to derail this conversation, decided it best to change the subject. “So, did you have a nice birthday then, Peter? How was Harley? Other than being impressed by your ability at doing spells outside of school.”
That thing occurred.
Fuck his life.
Some time later, Steve had no idea how long, Tony’s neck muscles clenched. This was always the way he woke up, his neck and shoulders gaining tension long before the rest of his body caught up. The man’s brain always seemed to be the last thing to come online, a fact that those who knew him found alternately amusing or endearing.
It was no difficulty to make himself stand as tall and strong as possible whenever Tony did that. He would use his whole body as a shield if that was what his love needed to feel safe. He knew the others did the same, even Nat managed to make her somewhat petite frame large enough for Tony to hide himself inside. She’d lay one hand on his spine and rub up and down softly until the minute shudders would fade away.
And justice? Justice was now served.
But that? That’s their story.
Tony winced and let his eyes flutter closed for a moment. He did not have the faculties to deal with this. What was the expression the kids used these days? He was out of spoons, every fucking spoon. Serving spoon, pudding spoon… Even those shitty plastic diner spoons that were polluting the ocean. None left. All gone.
Tony was making even less sense than normal, he didn’t even seem to realise that his identity had been revealed, his gaze instead fixated on Steve, babbling complete and incomprehensible words.
Tony inhaled rapidly as his chair wobbled, that horrible feeling of falling backwards into space that Steve knew so well could only be exacerbated by the fact that he could neither move his limbs to either catch himself or flail.
Peter leaned into his Pa, and pushed as much reassurance into his voice as he possibly could. “No, Pa. He really, really isn’t. He’s really, really good to me. And we’ve been uh…” and here he just
So many different words in the English language to depict the ending of  life. How is it possible to have so many words available to be used, yet have communication itself be so poor. It seems a tad...extreme.
Peter grinned slightly, shaking his head as he accepted the parchment and scrawled out a quick note. “He’s in the year above me and can indeed apparate. Though he hates it, so I’m sure he’ll appreciate the Portkey, Dad. Thanks for making one!” He picked up the quill that Tony had been using earlier and quickly scrawled out a note before attaching it to Butterfingers already waiting leg. He whispered into the owl’s ear then encouraged him to hop up onto his wrist where he provided a launching point. The whole family watched as Butterfingers bunched up his muscles and, with assistance from Peter, launched himself into the air with several graceful flaps. Peter swiftly ducked his head so as to not be knocked by the flapping wings, a movement that he was well accustomed to, and the family watched as the old owl spread his wings and flew off into the early evening sky.
He had the nasty feeling that it was something to do with his son’s reddened right ear.
Otherwise? There were astonishingly few marks on the skin to show the tale of this encounter. Had Steve done enough? The anger still curling in his belly said no. As his stare bore into the drunkard before him a plan slowly began to form.
But he slowly improved. He began to regularly attend school again, passed the year with flying colours. He moved in with Rhodey which helped, leaving the cold, sad house. And when he was 18, and Steve was 21? Well. Then they started holding hands. And kissing. And eventually further things beyond that.
“Oh, buddy…”
the cake and knocking it to the floor. Steve and Wade just exchanged a look and both rolled their eyes in fond amusement in the face of their partners’ irritation.
Nor gasping, not the way he used to.
Rhodey knocked on a door with childish lettering made from elderly-looking robots proclaiming this to be ‘Tony’s Room’ and an even more elderly-looking scribbled handwritten note instructing all ‘Trespasirs’ to ‘KEEP OWT OR ELSE!’. Steve didn’t bother to hide the quick grin.
“The lights!” from an agent who had been keeping watch.
Ignored the contractions and attempts to spit out the liquid.
Naked might have been better.
. A desire he repressed strongly, allowing himself to only sit there with his cold drink.
Part of him wanted to cry. Wanted to mourn what he once had held so close to his heart. Wanted to stand outside in a pouring thunderstorm and allow raindrops to mix with his tears until one was impossible to differ from the other.
Time to approach his friend.
” He gasped as his demonic offspring moved his lanky frame around until he was comfortable, regardless of the living cushion beneath him.
There. He couldn’t leave Tony alone like this as the wily man would find a way to slip from these bindings, concussion or not, but it would keep him steady while Steve was present.
Part of him wanted to rip. To rend. To destroy. To feel blood spatter across his face instead of those tears he also wished for.
Steve arched a futile eyebrow, one who’s sarcastic tone went completely over his husband who wasn’t even looking at him. “What do you think I was doing in the kitchen for an hour earlier?”
Steve could do nothing other than hurl himself at his belaboured friend, throwing them both out the way of the tentacles as they landed together on their feet, Iron Man stumbling as they landed..
“...St-Steve?”
“I hope he’s alright,” Were Bruce’s slightly more concerned thoughts as he gave his glasses a quick polish.
Just as Tony exited the tower to head to his meeting a car drove past.
He tore his gaze from the graceful figure which seemed to make the deadly dance he was engaged in seem easy. Instead, Steve forced himself to refocus his gaze on the flailing things, trying to discern some sense of reason from the chaos that filled the air. What he saw displeased him. Iron Man’s blasts barely seemed to have any effect at all.
Steve found the best way for his love to sleep? Was to hold him. Tightly. Tightly enough to leave marks.
It was at that point that Peter had got his wits together and cast a ‘silencio’ charm at his boyfriend before glaring fiercely at him. Wade just smiled softly and blew him a kiss whilst both Steve and Tony muttered (definitely not unwillingly) ‘finite incantem’ to end the charm.
And he
Wade spoke up, once again before Peter could think of a curse to stop him, “Oh, thanks Prof R-S! Was that one strawberry flavoured? Because man! Strawberry flavoured is so over-rated. I had higher exp-”
Limb after limb flew through the air towards the two heroes, causing them to jump apart to avoid being thwacked.
Both Steve and Peter watched the man leave in vague amusement, used to the man’s antics and discomfort with overt emotions. He had found it much easier when Peter was younger, but it seemed the older the boy got, then the more uncomfortable Tony got with open displays of emotion. “He does love you.” Steve reassured, just in case Peter needed the verbal reassurance.
Steve could feel his shoulders lose some of the tension coiled within them as his best friend of this century flew past the helicopter  in a red and golden blur. "Iron Man," he greeted, knowing the smile was audible through his voice. “Thanks for coming - the team is fairly low on numbers today, it seems.”
Only seconds had passed for the whole encounter.
Who knew what future days would bring? Steve was now going to need to sleep on the floor in order to maintain he’d fallen unconscious, and had no memory at all of what had occurred. A pain. He really wanted nothing else than to sleep in his comfortable bed.
With a roar of rage coursing through him and tearing it’s way from of his throat, Steve leapt over one of the tentacles that was daring to try and wind its way around his ankle, and slammed his shield down over it with far more strength than he’d used previously. Somehow, potentially due to it being weakened from Iron Man’s missiles, he managed to slice it in half.
Tony blinked, before turning his gaze from Steve to a flat-out laughing, traitorous, son. “No…” he managed to get out as his gaze switched over to the grinning Wade who had somehow magicked himself a fourth mug with a steaming beverage from it without being noticed.
With muttered curses about the super-deaf and lumpish husbands, one Tony Rogers (nee Stark) pushed himself upright and near fell out of bed as his free hand met air-resistance as opposed the mattress it’d clearly been reaching for. This sudden jolt granted the three-quarters asleep billionaire an iota of wakefulness.
What if… What if he could manage to somehow convince Tony that someone was planting this vision into his brain? If Steve could keep Tony from being able to think… then he might just mean that Tony would forever more be doubting his own thoughts as to what actually occurred here. The lack of control, and certainty, could haunt his husband for years to come.
what I want to hear you talk about on my birthday of all days! You guys are old. You don’t do that stuff anymore. You stopped the moment you adopted me.”
Eventually, after a length of time had passed, Steve let out a sigh and took a small step back. He crouched down so that he had Tony were eye to eye, and uttered in a quiet, controlled voice. “Why did you do it, Anthony Edward  Stark? You and your…
“Report?” Steve panted, one arm rubbing at the side of his arm that had impacted heavily with the unforgiving armour.
This. This could work. He had had to be careful. It was important to only give Tony a few crumbs and let him assume the rest. The haze caused by the concussion and now alcohol would just confuse the man further. Hopefully he would still trust Steve, but just have that inkling of doubt.
Steve wished he had the time to just stare at Iron Man as he darted and spun through the air, making each move seem as effortless and light as a leaf on the wind. But such distraction would do nothing to win this battle, and battle it now was.
Steve’s lip curled up once more in a silent snarl.
Fine.
“I love you,”
Once the first bottle was finished, with some liquid spattered across the floor, but most of it sloshing around within the shuddering form still tied to the chair, Steve returned to the kitchen. He methodically washed out the bottle and put it by the floor. He would put in a recycling bin outside somewhere later. He didn’t want any evidence of this to be found anywhere near the Tower.
Then, it was time to return to his husband’s steadily breathing body.
It was just another sign of how much he had changed since he woke up in the future. Would it always be the future? Or would Steve one day be able to view it as the present... The person he was slowly beginning to think of as his ‘old self’ would have been spitting with rage at Tony’s waste; would have probably spat at the ground if some big wheel as well decked out as him had strolled past showboating their wealth so flagrantly. And the wastefulness? Old Steve would just have not understood it, it was completely beyond his circle of understanding. The person he was growing to be? Found it amusing. Maybe not the wastefulness that this modern generation did seem so content with. That did still get his goat. Some days he found it so hard to reconcile the old him with the new, perhaps that would happen as if by magic one day too? Who knew.
Steve tightened his grip and Tony’s voice choked once more, thickened by tears. ‘Medic’ he mouthed at one of the lingering agents. This babbling sounded insane, but it sort of made sense. The similarity of colours, how familiar the movements had been, the challenge of the fight…
Tony said nothing as his head slowly slipped down until it was hiding in his hand. “Petey...please. How do you make him stop? And I appreciate the irony of
“Good evening, Mr. Wilson.” Steve managed to get out after he and Tony had finished exchanging a horrified look between the pair of them.
“Greetings, Captain. We received reports a few hours ago ago of glowing lights under water just off the coast of Ocean City near Baltimore. Some local agents went to investigate but have not responded to attempted communications since their last response which was…” and here the man took what had to be a pause designed for dramatic effect to scan the papers resting next to him, “Shit. Fuck. That’s fucking huge. That’s aarrrrrrrgh.” The flat tone the words were spoken did nothing to deter from the feeling of horror within them, and the gaze Quartermain turned to Steve was heavy despite the attempted levity of his words. “We haven’t heard anything since.”
And as for me, my friend. Do you remember me? We communicated at the beginning of this day. I can’t say we spoke, for no words were audibly exchanged. But communication occurred. Opinions were portrayed on what communication actually is. What do you think now? Do you see how the missed opportunities occurred? These callous, what you call ‘heroes’, they murdered my friend. My co-worker. Alright, I admit we had our faults, but I’m fairly certain that Steven would not really have killed Tony. Maybe just removed a few limbs. They’d have grown back. Eventually. Anyway. I slipped through whilst your ‘heroes’ were otherwise engaged.
“Predict this.”
“Shit. What did I do?”
The engineer drew so much attention when he entered any room whether he wanted it or not. And Steve was an artist as well as a strategist. It was part of his job to notice things, and beautiful things just caught his eye.
Peter and Tony both snickered, their faces creasing into the precise same expression, something that never failed to amuse Steve. He noticed that, as usual, Tony didn’t share a similar experience from his own youth. But Tony had had a less than ideal upbringing, despite the money that ‘Ye Greate and Wealthy House of Stark’ had been able to sling around without care. He rarely spoke about his parents when Peter was around, and, bless the boy, Peter was sensitive enough to not ask questions. He instead indulged in the love and adulation that Sarah, Steve’s own mother, bestowed on her favourite grandson.
The chair, and man, rocked backwards but did not fall.
The thick metallic tubing, tentacles was the only suitable word to describe them really, which exited from the car?
“It’s my choice,” Steve would whisper back, time after time. “I choose to love you.” And Tony’s eyes would water anew, disbelief in every iota of his being.
This silence that he currently bore. This was his current weapon. Tony hated silence - could never handle it. It reminded him too much of the silent disapproval that he grew up surrounded by. It made his mind go mad with information. He babbled. Talked to himself, or to anyone who cared to listen. He needed an outlet, an audience.
“Steve. What the fuck?!”
And the onslaught began, limbs flying everywhere and anywhere as they tried to strike the two Avengers leaving cracks on the earth from the force of their hits each time they missed.
Steve narrowed his eyes, trying to see through the chaos that was unravelling around him. Flashes of red followed by bullets of light as Iron Man fired at the never ending targets time and time again. Different shades of red as tentacles both large and small whipped through the air seemingly without reason other than to beat either of the two small humans attacking them.
He advanced on the figure, not bothering to try and engage him in questions. He wouldn’t remember them  in the morning anyway. And then proceeded to cut the living flesh beneath him, ignoring the flinches and cries of pain the alcohol allowed to slip from drunken lips. None of the cuts were all that deep, but they bled. A sinuous trail that slipped its way downward to the carpeted floor beneath. Those stains would not be pleasant to remove later.
He could give up some luxuries for the sake of justice.
Steve just noticed him, alright?
With a jealous glare at his miraculously sleeping husband, he heaved himself out of bed and stumbled his way into the next door room where a now whimpering child was sitting up in bed glaring expectantly at the door, one hand rubbing at a teary eye, the other at a reddened ear.
With a muffled curse, Steve embedded his fingertips into one edge and heaved with all his strength. Once. Twice. Three times. Fo-
Wade bounced over, bright smile wide spread over his lips. “Good evening! How are your holidays going? Man, Prof. Rogers-Stark, you look so much less imposing than you do at school! Tony, Dad. Can I call you Dad?”
“He’s not… pushing you for anything, is he Pete?” came his Pa’s next question, a short while later. His furrowed brow indicated that he had been worrying over that thought quietly for some time. And it was that honest concern which broke the last bands of worry in Peter’s chest. That was his Pa. Always seeing the best in people until the possibility came that either he or his Dad were being hurt. Pa always says that they were both too soft and keen to please people, and always worried about them.
The next few moments passed by in a blur of jumps and bounds. Slices and shouts. Blocks and blows.
“That… that creature. It wasn’t a creature.” He paused, throat sounding hoarse as he swallowed in an attempt to generate some saliva. “Well, it was. It wasn’t from our Earth. It… It was me. From a parallel universe, I think. I… I killed myself.” his eyes widened as his pupils dilated as shock began to set in, “I..he? I was fleeing. You. There was a you who had joined ‘Medusa’. It sounded like our HYDRA. And was a villain. I had been captured, and was fleeing. Then I somehow arrived here after making a mistake with a teleportation device. ...I was so afraid. I just wanted safety... I thought you were a threat! I was trying to.. to protect me! Get me safe.”
Tony’s eyes crinkled at his son’s word vomit and his arm reached around to bring the suddenly youthful looking boy into his arms. “Of course, kid.” was all he said as he pressed a kiss into the boy’s shaggy hair. The babble hadn’t really given him any clues about what Petey wanted to say to them, but he had a fairly good idea nonetheless. There weren’t that many things that Peter would be nervous about talking to them about, he didn’t think. “I know I shouldn’t say this before you’ve told us, but I’m pretty certain that there aren’t any things you could say that would make us stop loving you, or be less proud of you than we are.”
“Hey, uh. Rhodey, I mean Rhodes.” Probably not a good idea to go in straight away with the nick name that Steve had overheard Tony use referring to the slightly irritated-looking boy who he only really knew from football practise.
“Prof? How about Prof? Oh I know! Doc! Please please please please can we go with Doc? Why does no one call you that? You’ve got the doctorates! … Though I guess that would open you up to far many “What’s up, Doc?” jokes…Is that a bad thing, though? I really don’t think it is.”
Peter didn’t try and disguise the bark of laughter at Steve’s expression. “I’ll remember that trick, thanks Dad!” He determinedly ignored the exaggerated expression of betrayal his Pa sent him.
Steve rubbed Tony’s shoulder fondly to remove any possible sting from his words before it could set in, “Well, have you seen your Father’s attempts? Best to leave him to his potions.”
That was where it stopped being quite such a normal Saturday.
The next twenty minutes or so of flight passed by rapidly as the pair discussed the scant information available from the briefing pack and tried to form some kind of plan beyond ‘go and have a look to see what’s there’
Unusually, for England, it was a warm summer’s late afternoon. The sun hovered just above the tree-line bracketing the flower-rich garden, casting its’ last rays of warmth into the garden. The bench, placed tactically close to the house so that it could catch the last rays of whatever sun did happen to be present, was currently being occupied by two posteriors.
And Iron Man? He went with them, hurtling into the water without a sound of protest despite Steve’s horrified cries.
...At least there weren’t any cracks?
It almost felt like they were being toyed with. A feeling that only got worse as Iron Man started being batted between two of the tentacles like some form of ball. A cat toy. Tentacle toy?
“Fine,” bit out Steve, feeling bizarrely ashamed at having been caught so unaware. “Did you get any new information?”
He turned his gaze from his coffee to his husband, cool eyes taking in the familiar, loved(?), features. Tony’s mouth was moving, indicative of the fact that he was speaking, but Steve could barely take in the words over the sound of his own heartbeat that seemed to be the only sound that he could take in. The sound beating as rhythmically as a war-drum heralding an incoming attack. His husband’s hands were remaining placidly by his sides, hanging there limply.
“No.” came Steve’s soft reply as he sat down on Tony’s other side. “I’m here to help,”
Let’s avoid antagonising the crazy just yet.
And now? Two posteriors rested on it, one owner of said posterior leaning on the taller one next to him as its’ owner feverishly worked on his planning for the oncoming term.
“It’s...odd,” came Iron Man’s distracted sounding voice as he focused on the small gadget that he was holding impossibly gently in his metal encased hands some time later when they had landed and were pouring over the information SHIELD had given them. “These readings don’t make any sense, but there’s something familiar about them. I just… can’t quite get it..” Steve turned his back on the water from where he had been staring at the ever so slightly mesmerising light display and focused on his friend.
A smirk danced across Steve’s lips as he seized the fear treading its way into his mind and batted it back, converting the emotion into anger. Anger, he could deal with anger.
What felt like only moments later, Steve climbed into the waiting SHIELD helicopter. The waiting agent, one Agent Quatermain, was  one of the agents who actually appeared human in personality as well as appearance. He was a tall, burly blonde man who Steve held some respect for, despite the man rarely being quiet. He reminded him of some of the more suave characters he’d known in the past - fast talking chaps who always knew what to say. At least he knew when to not talk. Rumour around the Helicarrier was suggesting that he was soon going to be transferred to a different team much to Steve’s disappointment. Quartermain began filling him in before he was even fully seated.
He didn’t breathe easy until he heard the whine of a repulsor blast and saw the red and gold form shoot back into the sky. “A few new dents, Winghead, nothing Mr. Stark won’t be able to fix with a big enough hammer,” came the familiar voice over the comms. Steve frowned, even as he batted away another tentacle that appeared to be trying to wrap its way around his calf. Were there undertones of strain in that familiar, robotic voice? Iron Man never reported any injuries, but there were times when neither he, nor his employer, were present in the Mansion that Steve could find, and it was frequently after rough battles. And Steve worried, ok? That was his job as Team Leader. It was so easy to forget that there most likely was a squishy human under that metallic suit…
Just...
It was at that moment that the welcome tones of Iron Man came in through his comm unit unexpectedly making him jolt.
As soon as Steve started speaking in his hushed voice, Tony stilled. Every atom tuned in to listen to the man who was speaking as he tried to connect the clues through his painful and muzzy thoughts. It was obvious what the man was referring to. The wipe.
For Steve, the rest of the day dragged by even more slowly than all the days previous combined. Each time he checked his watch, he hoped that at least an hour would have passed. But…nope. Barely five minutes. Steve cursed, letting his head fall onto his desk in despair.
Steve and Tony both froze in their movements. As one, they swung their heads around to fully face the younger wizard and slowly rested their hands on their wands.
Oh, but then, my dear friends.
“great, kid. Real funny Why am I here?”
It was definitely a well-loved bench.
Steve sat in his favourite armchair in his and Tony’s apartment, a cold cup of coffee between his clenched fingers, an unappealing skin already forming over the top. He had made it several hours previously and had not thought to take even a single sip. The thought of having anything in his mouth made him feel sick; the bitter taste would churn up the acrid feelings already strung tight within his belly. And he certainly didn’t need any extra caffeine - his skin was thrumming with tension and the want to
Are we all just ...creatures co-existing in space together, each moving our muscles to form sounds and hoping that the partner in our ‘conversation’ can comprehend our meaning? Are we just alien to each other, with each individual thinking in a completely different process to the other with no actual comprehension of what the other is intending?
They most definitely did not seem to be friendly.
Moments later he reached shore, supported by some of the braver SHIELD agents as they helped him to drag armour up the beach. Steve fell to his knees as they laid down the ridiculously heavy armour, gloved fingers scrabbling frantically at the mask which concealed the user’s identity, but was currently concealing any proof of life.
Some days the words would make those honey-brown orbs crinkle with sadness, or worse, tears. “You shouldn’t…” those sinful lips would whisper brokenly.
Steve knew that he could not match Tony for intellect. So his only way to win this was to keep things moving so fast that Tony didn’t have time to bring his intellect to bear. He had to keep him off footed. The concussion would surely help with that, and Steve had another trick up his sleeve to help even further.
As Iron Man engaged the enemy, Steve hopped back several paces to try and give himself some breathing room as well as an opportunity to evaluate the battle.
“Frustrated,” came the barked reply punctuated by pants on either side of the single word. “I can’t get a read on this fucking thing! Each time I think I’ve worked out it’s patterns, then the algorithm changes. It...It doesn’t have a rhythm. A pattern. There’s definitely a genius capable of real thought somewhere in a brain there. It’s not just some mindless creature. There’s just something so familiar about the readings that I’m getting here… I just can’t…”
Those memories had no place here. Not now. Possibly not ever. Who even knew if they were real?
Rhodes eyeballed him for a good few moments this time. “He might…not be very happy. Listen. If you let this get out, I will smash your perfect teeth in, alright?” He waited for Steve’s nod before cautiously continuing, “Tony has pretty bad problems with depression. Life isn’t easy for him, you know? Stuck in classes with everyone older than him, his Dad isn’t in the running for any Father of the year medals either, you know?”
He bent and picked up the dead weight and placed it on the chair that he’d set out earlier. With one hand, he easily held the figure in its seat while his other picked up the rope and deftly tied the unprotesting form to the chair. He looped the rope around the limp man’s torso just above the RT unit to ensure that he would remain upright, before tying his feet together with another length of rope. Finally, he tied the man’s wrists to the backs of the chair, forcing the body into an uncomfortably straight backed posture slightly away from the back of the chair. Finally, he pulled the chair forward once more so that no part of it was near the wall.
But Steve had measured the space to the millimeter.
“Iron Man!”
Why. Weren’t. There. Catches?
His nervous torrent of words were slowed by the tightening of his parents arms around him and their unison’d chant of ‘No’. “Definitely not mad, Petey. We’d never be mad about that. We love you, so much. Have you
Steve would not allow him one.
The thought again crossed his mind of what else he’d been lied to about. What other thoughts had been implanted. Was Stark really at the Stark International offices today as he’d stated that morning? Or had he been squirreled away with his co-conspirator, Richards, building more weapons to rail against some overblown cause.
The air seemed to crackle with the tension that laid between the pair of them as Steve’s steely glare bore into Tony’s bowed head.
He’d freeze until whatever wave of terror passed him by, and then he’d just crumple in on himself, sometimes curling into the nearest Avenger, sometimes just curving his limbs until they were as sheltered by the false safety of his torso as they could be.
Without pausing, he spun onto his back and pulled the sodden figure of Iron Man so that the metallic head was cradled safely on his stomach. It made him feel a bit like an otter trying to crack open an oyster, but he’d been assured in his training how to save lives in the water that it was the best way.
Silence.
“Why?”
Once Iron Man was situated correctly, Steve began to kick as fiercely as he could whilst cradling his precious cargo. He didn’t think he needed to keep the man’s neck safe the way he would an unarmoured individual, but it surely couldn’t hurt. And it stopped him from thinking about how silent the comms were. Or how still the armour was.
Steve brought it up with his friends, but no one seemed hugely concerned. “He probably has a stomach bug or something, You know, puking and shitting.” were Bucky’s charming words.
His fingers slowly curled into a fist, as his jaw clenched, uncaring of the fact he was now tugging Tony’s strands in a way that would have been painful if the man were conscious. His azure eyes narrowed, staring at the slackened features of the man, the villain, before him.
Tony said nothing other than resting his head on his husband’s hip, eyes basking in the perfection that his life was at the moment in time. His son’s peaceful sucks, his husband’s steady exhalation of breath.
Wilson.
This was always Stark’s problem! He always assumed that he knew better and was in the right?! Look what it had led them to!
That quiet, angry tone was so unlike the fond manner he usually used to address his husband.
Steve found himself lying flat on his back, chest heaving as he tried to regain the breath he had inexplicably lost and mind reeling as he tried to interpret the events that had just happened.
It definitely achieved something.
Tony did not even try to hide the fond smile that he felt growing within him. “He sounds like he’s as shy as you are, love.” he added a ruffle of the hair to soften his words. “Just as long as you kids play it safe! I know we can magic away most things these days, but still, safe sex is not just a recommendation!”
Steve gathered all the anger he could feel roiling within his gut, his blood, his… everything. And concentrated on focusing it, hardening it into one crystallised lump within his heart. Ice cold. He knew ice. It hardened him, ran through his veins. He
. Spittle smacking into Tony’s face from the force that the words were being spat out. Fast, furious words overriding any attempt that Tony could make to say anything.
As the pair conversed over him, Tony managed to extricate his hands and papers sufficiently so that he could carry on his planning. One hand absentmindedly fell to his son’s head and started petting his hair in a rhythmic fashion. It wasn’t quite as soft as it had been when he was a baby and they’d first fallen in love with him, but it was still ridiculously soft and fluffy. Just like a duck’s downy feathers - they’d called Peter ‘duck’ for years when he was a toddler. That had indeed been the boy’s first bout of accidental magic - transfiguring something, an egg? Into a duck.
It was only when Tony quirked an eyebrow that Steve realised quite how long he had been staring at the other man, lost in thoughts.
Wednesday? Still no Tony.
“That actually isn’t important. I mean, the name’s Cremin. Cremin James. Do you see what I did there? I named myself in the way that James Bond, you know.” And here, the man actually tried to put on a Sean Connery accent. “The name’s Bond. James Bond. Because, you know, my name’s…James…”
Tony remained silent for a few moments as they both regained their breath, chests heaving in near-synchronised unison.
As his gaze returned to his unconscious husband, the slight lightness that had coloured his thoughts danced away like dandelions in the wind.
“Steve! Talk to me! What is going on!?”
Peter, his cheeks now the colour of the bright red Gryffindor sweater that Wade was wearing (despite the fact that he wasn’t in Gryffindor), rolled his eyes and mirrored his father by burying his head in his boyfriend’s shoulder. “I hate you both.So much.” He muttered.
With a mock stutter of breath in his voice, Steve began to pat Tony’s shoulder softly. “There, there, my dear Pumpkin. I know. I know, my heart. My Moon. It did have to happen at some point.”
Tony was naked before him, stripped down to his skin. His secrets would soon be as naked before him as his pebbling skin was.
. You always, always do this. Think you know best. You think yourself such a futurist… You”
Instead, he opened his mouth. Peter, warned by some sixth sense of the incoming disaster, froze and reached his hand up to try and cover his boyfriend’s mouth.
Steve laid a gloved hand on the cool shoulder, hoping to offer reassurance to the man within. It was unusual to hear the normally unflappable man sound so frustrated. “Steady, Shellhead. You’re not working alone on this. SHIELD is on it, and the others will be here soon. We have time.”
Wade moved his head back, a smug grin placed firmly across his lips. “But I thought we were going to talk about doing sex stuff now you’re 17. And we all know I’m sexy.”
Hopefully?
“Wha-?” Tony’s hand clenched and his forearm jerked in an aborted reaction to rub at his forehead, no doubt to soothe the ache that must be present from Steve’s blow. Or wipe away the dried blood that had formed winding trails down his cheek. The itchy sensation of dried blood always did drive the man nuts.
“Hey Rhodey…” came the unexpectedly gravelly voice, a clear indicator that the 16-year hadn’t done much talking in the recent days. Or drinking.
All was peaceful.
“Shellhead!” Steve snapped, more in effort to pause the sudden torrent of words rather than in actual anger. “Steady!” and that was the third? Fourth? Time he’d had to say that today. “Steady, Avenger. Take a breath and report.”
let another friend die. Not on his watch.
Tony then promptly threw his head onto his husband’s shoulder and started to sob in the loudest, most dramatic fashion he could. “But… but Snoodles! How can I be calm when our dear little Pete-y Pie is growing up?!”
Time slipped away from Steve as he cut his lover with meticulous strikes, aiming for areas which would cause pain, but no life threatening injury. When he deemed enough damage had been done, and Tony was unconscious, he let the knife fall to his side. He would clean it later, for sure, scrub it to remove the blood of his ‘love’ from it. Maybe even retire it completely? A future decision. He allowed his other hand to come up and rub the bridge of his nose, trying to sooth away the headache that was beginning to set in. It had been a long old day.
But he was too slow.
“Nah,” came Tony’s response as he heated a bottle, “if he managed to sleep through this then he must be tired. Let him sleep.” The company would have been nice, this was Peter’s first brush with illness with them. But Tony wasn’t worried, he wasn’t. He wasn’t going to muck this up, not with J. “I … definitely should just leave him?” he asked, just for clarification, not because he was worried.
Ignored the way the liquid slowly exited the bottle and flowed into the unwilling vessel.
Steve used the ice embedded within him to allow a cold curve to his lips, a gesture which no one could ever mistake for something so nice as a smile.
It was fairly shortly after that that a beautifully familiar round dish made its’ spinning way into the room. He managed to get out to Steve, gloriously golden Steve, to not hurt the AI, and then? Well. Steve said he passed out.
In so many ways, this was Steve’s favourite version of the business man stroke engineer. The man’s attractiveness was beyond question, and Steve found his gaze resting on the blue-eyed man far too frequently. He just had an inherent beauty within him that caught Steve’s eye, whether it was the way he moved with such rapid, unthinking, yet genuine, gestures as he threw his hands around to articulate one point or another.  His hands, those elegant digits, told such a story. The old, thick calluses marked him as a hard worker who didn’t rely on others to do the work for him. The oil embedded far too deeply under the beds of those manicured fingernails...The way he always seemed to be ahead of everyone else in the room.
saying that.”
Bring it.
So it had been peaceful, a peace that Steve had sorely needed after the far too recent events with Dr. Faustus. Steve had been sitting in the kitchen, staring thoughtfully into his coffee as the butter on his sesame bagel slowly coagulated into a greasy, unappealing mess (and yes, if Clint had been there, then he would have accused Steve of brooding. But he wasn’t, so Steve had merely been staring thoughtfully.) Steve was finding the Faustus situation a lot more...unsettling than he was ready to admit to anyone, even himself. The turns his life had taken since he was pulled from the ocean by the Avengers… Even now, some days, he had to spend time when he first woke up figuring out if he was still dreaming, or if this was his life. Add Dr. Faustus’ manipulations on top of that? Well, Steve didn’t think he’d been imagining the increasingly concerned looks that Tony and Jan had been shooting his way. Tony had just begun talking about sending the team on an all-expenses-paid vacation prior to the whole Vision situation, and Steve was savvy enough to realise that it was primarily because their generous benefactor believed that he needed a break. Which was  clearly wrong. He was fine! He just needed to clear his thoughts, that was all.
Steve and Tony both froze as the familiar tones wafted into their previously peaceful garden.
Festering piece of a man.
A scream from one of the watching civilians who had clearly refused to follow SHIELD’s directions to vacate the area.
And ice could burn.
and sore. And there might have been some cuddling, and probably even a bit of kissing. But they were both tired, and Tony as stated, was in a fair amount of pain.
Escape was going to be a challenge. And exceedingly painful.
Almost against his will, Tony’s eyes turned towards the man who’d said his name. The…young-ish man with a beer belly and backpack with tentacles hovering around the outside on his back.
Steve continued to ignore his husband’s words, and just allowed his stare to remain steadily on the naked man. It was wonderful this way. He could see every flex of the muscle as Tony tested the hold the ropes held on him. He could see the controlled breaths Tony determinedly took as he struggled to maintain both the anxiety and anger that were warring within him clear as a picture across his bloody face. There was a wonderful imbalance between them that currently that Steve had never felt before. The feeling of being in his superhero costume just reminded him that he was on the side of Good. Lawfulness. Right.
“Cap!” was the next, alarmed sound that registered in Steve’s ringing ears as he finally registered the fact that there was a rope or something looped around his ankle and tugging him in the direction of the water. Or the city. Who knew?
Anyway.
And Steve loved seeing those marks on his lover’s body.
“That’s as good a plan as any,” Steve replied, lowering his shield to deflect another one of those infernal tips that had tried to trip him up. The tip bounced off the vibranium shield with reverberating clang that appeared to once again cause no visible damage. What on God’s green earth were these things made of?!
Well, now? Now Tony was going to learn to listen. And the lesson would stick.
Murder. Slaughter. Slay. Annihilate. Massacre.
“St-”
“Rhodey says you’re not here just for the freak show…” came the embittered words, despite the trembling hand reaching out and accepting the glass.
“I will find out why, Stark. I will get my answers. You owe me that, at the very least.”
In one smooth movement that would have looked like greased lightning to the concussed man before him, he pushed himself to his feet and strode forward until his knees were knocking against the wooden seat with almost enough force to knock the chair, and man restrained to it, over.
The rest of the evening continued with banter passing cheerfully around between the four of them. Peter cheerfully set some
And that was when his boyfriend arrived.
Why did he have to say that?
Tony’s tongue would loosen enough to give Steve his answers, and then they could go back to normal. Both their minds would be damaged. Both of them would be doubting their realities.
Wade shuddered, and refused to admit that the cake was delicious, and he’d quite enjoyed eating the eyeballs.
Despite what you may think of yourself. You can’t just sneak in and steal someone’s memories. Warp their thoughts! You are
to get the demon-spawn to shut up. His teen-germs need to stay far away from me! I’m delicate and get sick easily. You can keep his germs all to yourself, Pete.”
Steve removed the knife from his holster with a practised hand, and approached the barely conscious man.
Oh they could guess. Tony had had to be on stool softeners for a while. That was a pretty sure indicator. And the way he responded to figures of a certain stature… it broke Steve’s battered heart all the more. He’d…freeze, other than the lightest of tremble in his hands. Just stand there so quiet as though he could pretend to be invisible.
Steve chuckled from his lofty position of being unencumbered by the added weight. “And how many spells did you show off to young Harley today?”
Normally, when Tony came in this exhausted, Steve would put his (usually empty by now) cup to one side, move any of the paperwork he had been doing off his lap, get up and go and take Tony’s coat before leading him to the sofa to relax while he made him a drink. Normally they’d kiss, a gentle kiss full of promise of what would occur later. Depending on Tony’s level of exhaustion he might give him a massage as they sat next to each other on the couch. Practically on each other. Sharing the same air, the same cushion. Everything.
“No. They- he- he got shot. Three times, um. In the chest and shoulder, and uh, the neck,” Steve said feebly, feeling faint all of a sudden. Sam pushed up beside him, taking his arm.
“I can’t. Thank you, but- I can’t,” Steve said, rushing to pack up his things and get out of there as fast as he could, humiliated as Tony called after him.
___________________________
“I’m going to fuck you over and over until you learn who you belong to,” Steve said with a dark calmness and a dangerous smile, his cock hanging heavily from the fly of his pants. Tony took a shaking breath. He could scream for help, but he knew no one would hear, and Jarvis wouldn’t alert anyone, since he knew this was a scene and what Tony’s safe words were as well. So Tony indulged.
“Yellow,” Tony gasped, and immediately Steve stopped, carefully setting Tony’s foot down and kneeling beside Tony, touching his face gently.
_______________________________
“Fuck, gotta go,” Tony said, standing and hugging Steve’s computer to his chest. “I promise I’ll do what I can,” he said, and Steve reached out and squeezed his hand.
“And you’re still ok with physical stuff? Slapping? Shoving? You can say no,” Steve said, and Tony shook his head.
Steve halfway rose out of his chair and turned to stare in shock at the man, just in time to see him pull a gun and fire three shots.
Steve paused. That… that would actually be really helpful. But he frowned.
real, but real enough and the pain wasn’t pretend and Tony almost came right that moment. His howl twisted into a garbled plea for help, but the breath was pushed out of his lungs as Steve thrust into him, fucking him brutally. Tony’s breaths were forced grunts, and he couldn’t get away, his body completely pinned by all 235 solid pounds of Steve’s muscle, a hand on the back of his neck, and a hand on his hip, both of which were going to leave some spectacular bruises.
Tony dropped his head forward again, his breath coming in shallow waves, and he slowed, backing away from the precipice; even the tiniest movement would throw them both mercilessly over the edge.
“If I was offended, I wouldn’t be over here using an obscenely sweet drink as an excuse to talk to you,” Tony said in a lower voice that dropped straight to the base of Steve’s spine.
Steve half-dragged, half-carried him down a hall, opened a steel door, and threw him into a windowless, concrete room filled with pipes and discarded office tables, with two acidic yellow-green hanging lights that lit the room in harsh, sick tones with black shadows and blinding glare. Steve hit one with his shoulder as he went to a table, and it swung around and around, casting dizzying, disorienting shadows that created a threatening and dangerous atmosphere in the room. Steve yanked some thin cables out of a pile, and went back to Tony, who was trying to back away from Steve, until his back it the wall. Steve said nothing as he reached for Tony’s arms, pulling off his black brocade necktie from around Tony’s wrists, and ripping off the rest of Tony’s shirt with it.
“Well, isn’t it?”
“What’s got you shining like St. Peter at the pearly gates this morning?” Steve asked, and Tony rolled his eyes, grinning.
think that, since neither Steve nor Tony had given the slightest public indication that they were anything more than close friends and teammates. Dr. Cho looked at him skeptically, and Steve leaned in to say a few words that were inaudible to the others, and she finally dropped her hands.
Steve pushed the chair back and stood on shaky legs, bending over Tony and touching their foreheads, comfort flooding him at the scent of Tony’s skin and the humid warmth of his even breathing. Steve closed his eyes.
“Okay, good. That’s- that’s good.”
“So?” he asked. Tony and Steve exchanged a glance.
“Ah-ah, family only, teammates don’t count,” Dr. Cho said. “He’s only just come out of surgery, and he’s too weak to have you all crowding around him.” Natasha took Steve’s hand to pull him back, but he yanked it out of hers.
It happened at a damn press conference.
“Whatcha writing?”
“Tony! For god’s sake!”
After a dazed moment, he opened his screen again, but this time, he typed furiously, the ideas coming to him like an avalanche. And every time he stole a glance at Tony, Tony just happened to be looking at him, and grinned at him every time.
fight me on this, you will lose,” he said with careful threat, and glared the paramedic down as he slowly removed the man’s hand from his chest, pushing him to the side as if daring him to argue. Steve had no shame about playing the Captain America card, if it meant staying by Tony’s side, and he settled himself like an immovable boulder on the narrow bench beside Tony’s gurney, tightly holding his distressingly cool hand.
“I love you too and don’t you dare apologize. Just wait outside the door,” he whispered, looking at Steve with all the love in his eyes he could muster, and felt a rush of anger at Natasha for the horrified and tragic look on Steve’s face. When the door shut, Natasha holstered the gun and rushed to Tony, helping him back down on his knees, since he was still shaking and too wobbly to stand on his own.
“It was part of the scene. I thought this area was soundproofed.”
“What makes you think so? It’s my job.”
“I’ve never seen your smile so shy, I felt so small compared to how much you loved me. Tony, it was the happiest day of my life.” Steve was sniffling again. “I just need you to come back to me, sweetheart. We’ll get through this together, and you’ll be all better, and… and maybe we can share this with our friends, too…” Steve wiped his face, closing his eyes. “God, Tony, I love you so much. I love you so that I can’t breathe when you’re not around. I love you, I love you,
“Tony, he’s not here. You can tell me the truth,” she murmured, using the hem of her dress in a futile attempt to wipe a bit of blood from Tony’s lip. “How long has he been treating you like this?” Tony batted her hand away, dropping his head.
“I- what?” Tony said, confused.
“Fucking untie me,” he spat, and after a long hesitation and Steve staying put with his hands up, Natasha pulled at the knots with one hand, keeping the gun on Steve with her other.
“Well, that’s why I got the star-printed kind. It was prettier,” he pointed out.
“Ready,” he said, grinning, already getting hard in his tux pants. Steve grinned back, looking a little high, like he was hyping up for a skydive.
And like that, Tony was gone, back to bustling behind the counter.
“I fucking hate them, I hate that they keep you from me,” Steve murmured against Tony’s lips, and his hands left Tony’s face, sliding under Tony’s threadbare sweater to rest on the small of his back. Tony shivered at the icy touch, Steve’s fingerless gloves still wet from the downpour.
“Stories about people. Sounds riveting. And what do these people do?”
“Jesus Christ, Tony, god I’m so sorry it took so long to find you,” came a soft, female voice along with the touch of cool, soft hands on his skin. Tony abruptly stiffened, the pretense of the game falling away and the fear suddenly very real as he tried to straighten and kick away from the touch.
“Isn’t it?”
“Thanks, Tony,” Steve said in a warm, quiet voice, and Tony looked up at him, still a little dazed.
“Painting. I went to art school. Got into all kinds of student loan debt, got a dozen articles in as many art journals saying how good I am, and I still can’t sell a damn painting to keep a roof over my head,” he said with a wry smile. “The American Dream these days, huh? So I write to pay the bills. I guess it’s a form of art, right?”
“You know I’m not showing up here every day to- to- prostitute myself out for free drinks and- and-“
“I said
“On the house. It’s cheaper than you going through a pound of sugar a day in your black coffee anyway.” Tony grinned again, then waggled his brows. “I get the impression you like things sweet.”
“Steve? How is he?” Rhodey asked quietly, his brow furrowed with worry. Steve swallowed hard.
like not
“I can’t believe a good Catholic boy like you would be so brazen,” Tony whispered, his breath hitching as Steve’s hands touched him everywhere.
“All right, all right, I can take a hint. You do your thing, pal. Just let me know if you want another drink. On the house,” he said with a winning grin. Steve smiled a dopey little grin completely not on purpose, that left him wondering for a split second why Tony chuckled to himself as he walked away. Steve could have slapped himself when he caught his reflection in his computer screen when he opened his laptop back up.
“Oops, guess it just slipped out,” he breathed. Steve smiled against his lips.
“Black forest blended espresso with cherry syrup and chocolate ganache drizzle. Sweet, but a little bitter to go with that bad attitude of yours,” he teased. Steve huffed a breath, but didn’t argue. Tony was annoyingly (endearingly) perceptive.
“Steve?” Natasha asked, and he looked at her, feeling shock starting to roll over him, now that he was away from Tony. Rhodey sat beside him, and Sam knelt in front of him, resting his hand on Steve’s forearm.
“How bad is it?” Steve whispered.
“Hey, don’t you start taking the blame like you always do when one of us gets hurt,” he said quietly. “This wasn’t your fault. And you know Dr. Cho always gets us patched up good and sturdy. Tony wouldn’t let her touch him if he didn’t trust her completely.” Steve glanced up at Sam, only to be distracted by the TV on the wall, already covering the shooting and playing the footage of Tony being shot and falling off the stage over and over again. Steve felt like he was going to be sick.
_____________________________
“I could hear you screaming for help, begging for him to stop, dammit Tony, why haven’t you told us? How long has this been going on?”
Steve had Tony’s hand pressed to his lips now, and was murmuring warm memories into his calloused skin, when Tony’s fingers twitched and Steve’s head shot up. Tony’s eyes were open. Bleary, but watching Steve with those same soft eyes and the tiniest smile.
Jesus, he fucking- oh god…” Natasha muttered, murder in her eyes as she surveyed Tony’s body, which probably looked like hell, despite him loving every moment of it. She was standing now, pulling at the tightly-tied cables around Tony’s wrists, and Tony’s voice was high and strained.
Of course, it wasn’t like he’d hung a lifetime of imagination on anything like a rape fantasy. And he sure as hell never expected Steve to go for it. But one night they were watching porn together and getting a little frisky, and a consensual rape fantasy came on, and Steve went very still as he watched, his eyes wide as he licked his lower lip. Tony realized as he listened to the helpless cries of the “victim” and watched Steve’s unexpectedly visceral and enthusiastic reaction, that wow, okay, maybe that got him a little (a lot) hot, too.
“What are you running on that, anyway? Windows 12 B.C.?
“Please…” he cried, a breathy, strained sound that he couldn’t quite turn into something defiant. “Stop, please, Steve you have to
“No… no,
Steve’s hand came up to cup the nape of Tony’s neck, pulling him immovably closer, and he pressed his lips to Tony’s ear, his breath warm and voice smoky.
“Let me,” Tony said, his fingertips pressing into the soft chintz of the armchair, the fabric silky against his bare skin. Steve ignored him from his chair across from him, except to spread his thighs further. Tony was unashamedly lewd as he watched the movements of Steve’s hand, while Steve stroked himself idly, as though only to pass the time.
“Jesus, Steve, I want you to wreck me, I mean it. Give me a bloody nose. Fuck me dry. Make cry for real.
“Uh-huh,” Tony said clearly amused, then tapped Steve’s horrible excuse of a laptop with a revolted expression. “Jesus fucking Christ, is that your computer? That you actually type on? Oh my god, just looking at it is giving me chest pains.”
“My darling,” Tony said softly. “It seems like the gig is up.” Steve chuckled and went to the bag, bringing the blanket to Tony to wrap him up, then pulled him into his lap.
“Impossible.”
And he could live with this, too.
he shouted, and gave Tony a mighty backhand across the face, sending him sprawling. Oh god. Oh fuck, that hurt good. Tony laid there a moment, dazed, even though in reality Steve really hadn’t used his true strength on Tony. That didn’t fool his body though. Tony tried to stand in earnest, and got about two steps away when Steve had him pinned against the window, and Tony could see his reflection in the glass, and see that his nose was bleeding. Steve had his arm around Tony’s throat, pressing on his windpipe.
“Tony. My darling. My stubborn, heroic darling,” Steve said, squeezing Tony’s armored hand. “Don’t sweep this under the rug. Breathe into it. Let it be real. You-“ Steve cut off, taking a breath. “You’re alive, I can’t… I can’t imagine if you’d…”
When Steve finally, blessedly brushed a fingertip in just the right way over Tony’s slit, Tony came, a white-hot moment that transcended this plane of being, only to turn him inside out and resettle inside him like a spirit coming home. He hardly made a sound, his body taut and spasming, just soft, shallow gasps and the delicate, wet sounds of Steve’s gentle movements inside him, filling the languorous air. And just as Tony opened his eyes to look at Steve, to luxuriate in his attention, Steve’s lips parted, he breathed Tony’s name, and he came, filling Tony and never once looking away.
Pride
“Nope.”
As soon as Tony was settled, the nurse let their friends in, and they spilled into the room in a jumble of flower arrangements and balloons.
“I love you too, Steve.”
“My usual pithy retorts currently escape me,” Tony whispered by way of thanks, eliciting snorts and exasperated eyerolls. A tired smirk played at the corner of Tony’s mouth as his eyes slid closed, and Steve stood so he could kiss Tony, peppering his face before finally pressing their lips together.
Steve jogged to Tony’s side, leaning over him. Thick bandages covered his throat and one side of his head where he’d cracked it on the corner of that table when he fell. The solid brace on his leg was visible under the blanket, and there were more bandages peeking out from the blanket covering Tony’s chest. An oxygen cannula looped under Tony’s nose, pressing into his pale cheeks. But Steve’s stomach dropped as he reached out and grazed his fingers over the rigid neck brace that held Tony’s head immobile. He looked at Dr. Cho, his eyes wide and unapologetically scared.
“Yeah. Yeah, I am,” Steve murmured, his gaze one of complete adoration. “Thank you. It was… It was fun. Like… a lot of fun,” he added, that adoring gaze darkening. Tony shivered in delight.
Steve leaned back in his chair and watched Tony work his magic, so enthralled in the vision of an idealistic, progressive future that Tony wove for them, that he didn’t notice the very brief scuffle behind him until a rough shout startled everyone in the room.
“Tony, are you all right? I could hear you down the hall, sweetheart,” Steve said at that moment when the door kicked open, then shouted in alarm to see Natasha, then shouted again and dropped the water bottles and what looked like a box of donuts when Natasha put herself between him and Tony. She had her gun pointed at Steve, whose hands were in the air, pants falling open around his hips, as Tony shouted and tried to kick the gun out of Natasha’s hands, his own hands still bound.
The door swung closed, and Steve stood weakly in the ER waiting area, just staring at the door with a hand-shaped blood print on his shirt and Tony’s blood covering his hands, until someone touched his shoulder gently turned him.
“Steve…!”
“I just can’t believe it’s over. We’re safe,” Steve whispered, touching his forehead to Tony’s. “You saved us. You saved
“It’s not- I- Tony-“ he gasped thickly, but couldn’t get the words out. It wasn’t just that he cared for Tony. He
could have hit me harder. We-“ Tony glanced away, an irritated huff escaping him. “We like it rough sometimes, okay?” Natasha finally seemed to believe him, and nodded.
love, so yeah, I guess you could say I don’t particularly love it. Writing gets in the way of what I really love.” Tony leaned forward a bit, interested.
“And the neck?”
Well if that wasn’t the goddamned truth, Steve thought, already writing that saucy wink into a scene.
“About seven years ago. It started as a hobby. My friend Pepper insisted that I needed something to occupy my time. Then I discovered that my coffee addiction turned into something of a coffee passion,” Tony said, sipping his own black coffee. Steve laughed softly.
“Since it was legal,” he said softly. Steve returned his adoring gaze, not looking away until Sam pointedly cleared his throat.
Tony laughed, but didn’t sit down.
The others waited for him in the ICU waiting area, empty coffee cups littering the side tables around them. How long had Steve been in there? Natasha moved over so Steve could sit, and he did, silently.
The ride lasted an eternity and the terse orders of the paramedics blurred into a wash of white noise around him, and all Steve could do was stare at how pale Tony’s face was. How his lips were bluish and slack around the ventilating tube that had been forced into this throat. He was frozen and silent until the paramedic pushed at him and he tumbled out of the ambulance. He followed Tony’s gurney into the ER all the way to the door to the surgical wing, before the attending doctor pushed at his chest and told him he’d have to wait until Tony was out of surgery.
Tony’s breath went out of him in a rattling cough, and then Steve was there, standing over him with his cock in his hand, holding him down with one foot on Tony’s shoulder. Steve looked down at Tony possessively as he stroked himself, then with a muttered curse, came all over Tony’s face, getting great white spurts in Tony’s eyes and hair and chest where his shirt had ripped, and in his open mouth as he gasped for air. Tony closed his eyes, a vague sense of shame washing over him at just being an object to cum on, not even in. Steve just tucked himself back in and stood over Tony with a sneer.
Greed
“Color?” Steve murmured, his fingers gentle in Tony’s hair after he’d tied Tony’s hands to a cut-out in the I-beam, so his wrists were pulled tightly above his head. Tony sagged, his head falling forward limply, hiccupping.
“It was just a nosebleed. I told him I wanted to be slapped around. He didn’t even use his real strength.
“Please, baby, I’m sorry, I’m gonna be better, don’t do this,” Tony cried, his voice hitching and helpless, but Steve ignored him, ramping up his pace again until he was fucking Tony so hard that when he finally
And so they planned. Tony had safewords; green for keep going, yellow for give me a minute, and red for stop. If Tony’s mouth was occupied it would be one, two, or three finger snaps. Steve could use as much strength as he wanted, could leave marks, but no permanent injuries, and preferably not a black eye, although Tony emphasized that he did want to be slapped around. Bondage was an enthusiastic yes, and Steve was to ignore any and all struggles and protests from Tony that weren’t the safewords. Jarvis was kept in the loop too, so he could monitor the situation and know it was consensual. Even just planning it had them climbing each other, unable to get enough.
“Going analog, huh?”
“What’s this?” Steve asked, leaning forward curiously. Tony grinned smugly and Steve’s heart skipped a beat because Tony was too pretty to be allowed.
