“We? You’re going to help me?” The young hunter was hopeful because even if the other one believed the crazy stuff the witch was saying, he really was in need of some help.
The young man hoped the infirmary will be empty. But since life isn’t that easy, it wasn’t. Well, at least the two beds on the side were empty.
Now the small music was back and the door behind him was opening. The young man didn’t feel the weird pull that usually took control of his leg. That was the proof he needed!
“Not that I’m complaining but why does he don’t use a more permanent spell then?” Dean asks.
“You need to remove this one too, Dean.”
“I’m not supposed to do that, but congrats, you’re the nurse for the next hour.”
A strange guy stopped in front of his cell. He was wearing an ugly green suit with an even uglier weird bow tie. His hairs were neatly styled.
“Stay right where you are human. Enjoy your dinner.” That last sentence was said like he physically pained her. She probably meant something like ‘Hope you’re gonna choke’
If you have time, please live a comment or a kudo!
“I think I’m done hunting.” Sam stops drying the plate he had in his hands to stare at his brother.
“Dude, did your parents hate you or something? Or is it a European name?”
“What was that revelation you had earlier, by the way?”
“Nothing, I’m fine.”
But Dean was still a little scared to anger the wingman, so he held his sassy come back. He went to work on the second door with Castiel starring at the back of his head. He could feel his breath in the back of his neck.
“You want me to find you some handcuff to be my prisoners?” Dean smirked.
Also, I started to wrote that while watching Notre Dame de Paris burning on the news, and I am editing that while listening to my favorite musical comedy. It's just a homage from a young nerd. That doesn't have anything to do with the story, I know but I wanted to share one of my favorite song with the curious out there. (It has english subtitles!)
All of the guards Dean saw so far were different kinds of monsters. Up close, it was still difficult to know what this big guy was. Without any idea of what he was, Dean couldn’t eliminate that threat in his sleep and currently, without any weapon it wasn’t worth the risk.
What were those kids? And what the hell were they’re doing here, looking at him like that?
When no answer came back, he tried again. And again. And again…
Dean is just done with his brother while said brother just laughs “I wanted to do that for a very long time! Oh, you’re right I do feel better.”
Focusing a little on what he could feel he remarked that the same weight was attached to his other hand, his ankles and his neck.
“Are you going to let us come here, you idjit?”
Just a fair warning : this was written and edited way too late. So if you find a huge mistake my midnight editing missed, please tell me in the comments!
And if you want to talk to me, I'm on twitter @Mikey_Ran ! I'll love to speak to anybody who watches the show even if I'm awkward and shy!
At least he still had his own clothes.
Of course, the door didn’t budge.
“Thanks. I meant why do you need it? I thought we were supposed to go. We’re in a bit of a hurry here.”
Dean wants to tell him that there no such thing as angels, but the big wings just continue moving behind him. There were way too real to deny their existence. But seriously? Angels?
Dean would love nothing more to show Cas how much he loves him, but he feels too exhausted tonight. And Cas must see this too.
The young man tried to take a few hesitant steps and cross the door. He didn’t have any difficulty to move so he continued in direction of the door at the end of the hallway with his razor blade as his only weapon.
He could see from the corner of his eyes, the door open to let enter two guards. One was carrying a tray loaded with a huge plate of spaghetti with tomato sauce as well as a pitcher of water and an apple.
“Sorry! Sorry! Just forget what I said.”
There were three chairs in front of computers but only one of them was occupied. The only guy here had his work boots on the desk and was snoring loudly. The big guy with his fluffy hair and large tummy looked more like a tired teddy bear than an armed elite guard.
Please if you can, leave a comment or a kudos!
When the girl put the tray on his table, they both turn toward him. Dean winked at them trying his best, but he didn’t receive the attention he deserved.
It was a little disturbing doing so with a reversed image that was a little sloppy, but he quickly finished his task. Time was of the essence, so he continued to draw the sigil on both cuffs on his ankles. Then he draws the one on his left wrist while his hand was clutching around a tissue to stop the bleeding.
“Dean, behind that door we will go in a long hallway. We need to go stealthy, so we don’t attract the guards' attention. They probably still trying to calm the vampire/werewolf situation but if they hear us they will come looking for us.”
But since I selfishly write this story for myself first, I choose to not put so much pressure on me.
Dean was back in the middle of his cell after his little bathroom break. One thing was sure, that weird let-me-take-you-to-the bathroom spell was really creepy.
“Nice to see you again kid.” Dean heard a voice said that. A voice he didn’t hear for a long time. His head snapped up and found himself starring at faces from his past. Charlie came here with Ellen, Jo, Kevin, and Bobby. All of them died saving the brothers, and here they are, some of them who never met the others.
The human look too and effectively, the Teddy guard seemed to have a liking for snacks. The thing was full of chips, Jerky, and even M&Ms. And that’s was only what’s on top of the mountain inside that bag.
Dean still has the bobby pins in his pants pocket, so he gets to work. It was a quick job for someone like him who picks lock for a living.
“You’re not crazy if this is what you’re thinking.” He continued “I’m just your friendly neighbor who’s annoyed by all the commotion you make!”
He just stood there, hoping that they will get bored and move already. The fairies were talking among them in a language that Dean couldn’t understand. There were studying him a little too much for his liking, so he decided to take a book in the shelf and sit in the most opposite corner. He just wanted to bury himself and focus on anything else that wasn’t the tooth fairy special army. It was a book about the diversity among werewolves and other were-creatures, some books like he used to read while staying at Bobby’s. The perfect distraction! He took that book because that was the first one he caught, not because he founded that topic particularly fascinating, but reading about werewolves isn’t the funniest of activities, so he really whished that his public would get bored.
Dean was currently looking at a very disturbing anatomy diagram. He was looking at a dude with the regular dude parts but there was also a uterus on the picture. It was just so weird and unexpected that he didn’t know if he was in denial, very interest in the functioning in a scientific level or scared that he could have already killed a pregnant dude on a hunt. Maybe he killed a baby without knowing it. But if he killed a pregnant werewolf lost in a killing rage and couldn’t be reasoned, does that make him a bad person?
They walk fast in the hallway for a few more minutes turning left, then right, then left again, before Castiel started slowing down.
“I’m glad to see you’re all back,” Dean says sincerely. “Just choose a room for yourselves. All of you are our family and we wouldn’t have done all this without you, this is your home too if you want too.”
“He asks all the people who died helping you if we wanted to come back here or stay in heaven” add Charlie. “Your parents said they wanted to stay together and wait for you to welcome you when your times will come.”
The new specimen was really beautiful. He could see that they take care of giving him a bath, wash his hair and dispose of that beginning of beard that he collector despises.
“I’m an angel of the lord.”
Thank you for reading! Please feel free to leave a kudos or a comment if you want!
Time for Dean’s plan part 2!
Dean understands now that he needs to find a way to send a fruit basket to Rowena.
“Uhm… yes. A bookshelf, actually. You don’t?”
Castiel looked young. Older than Dean but not by much. Maybe 26? He was dress in black pants and a weird toga looking shirt. His dark hair was a mess. He was wearing socks and as expected, his left foot was chained to the wall just next to the bed with a small chain.
Castiel nodded and obeyed the young man. He placed the guy in the center of the bed then turn his laser focus on Dean and stared. Okay… No pressure then.
Metatron wouldn’t stop his condescending tone and wasn’t so helpful.
I hope I didn't burn your eyes with weird typos and that everything was understandable. I should probably not be editing when I'm this tired.
Okay, maybe Dean was getting a little overexciting, but for his defense, he wasn’t used to seeing plans like that escape going so well!
“Since we were killed by hellhound we ended up in hell” Dean is horrified by what Jo is saying but he doesn’t stop her explanation, “apparently your Jack talk to the Queen of Hell, she agrees to let us go to heaven like we deserve or bring us back here and live our life but risking going back under if we do something that will deserve such treatment. Of course, we choose to come back here with a clean slate.” Elle gives a soft hug to her daughter.
“I still don’t know if I want to continue hunting but, in any case, I’m going to give myself a break from all this. Probably going to see Eileen. Now that there is no God to dictate our action, ask her if she wants to try something between us.”
“Thank you, Dean.”
The angel stopped in front of a normal-looking door that looked just like all the other in this building. He opened it like he owned the place and dragged the human inside without closing the door behind them.
Soon enough after they closed the door behind them and he heard it lock, Dean found that he could stand up again.
He tried to open the door carefully because he didn’t know what was behind it. He really thought that it wasn’t going to be that easy and that he would lose a lot of time trying to unlock it, but the door wasn’t even locked. Maybe he was lucky (like that already happen in is life…), or maybe Sinclair was really underestimating him. Soon he will learn to never underestimate a Winchester!
“Yeah, sorry it looks like I’m still not at one hundred percent yet.”
The angel moved fast and signal Dean to follow him. He went to the door with confidence but collide against it in full force. He turned to Dean with the expression of a confused kitten, while the human was watching him with wide eyes.
His head was pounding.
I hoped you like that chapter, I have to say that I'm not really proud of this one, but since I put a guard here (that seemed like a great idea at the time...) I had to do something about him. I have clearly no idea if what I was aiming at with the chains stuff is understandable. My lack of vocabulary is making me feel insecure about that part but what I was trying to say is: The guard stuck in a harness made with the chain. I hope that it’s clear like that, but I re-wrote that part so many time and it just always sound bad.
“Dean? Thank god! I really thought this number was disconnected!” Charlie excited and relived voice sound in his ears.
After breakfast, they go their separates ways to prepare themselves for a day of cleaning and looking for a case or something to do. Even if they just save the earth, again, 2 weeks ago, they couldn’t stay still more than that before becoming restless or with one brother ending up killing the other.
He moved his hands along the glass and find out very fast that there was no opening in it that he could reach. There was a little space of approximately 4 inches just on top of the wall.
“What? Who’s Stevie?” Charlie asks with a guarded voice.
Dean doesn’t think his brother deserves a response, so he just starts to fill his mug with coffee. Said brother just arrives at the table with some eggs and bacon to accompany the toasts. They eat together talking about the domestic tasks they wanted to do this morning. Sam just has a huge amount of laundry he needs to wash while Dean got dishes duty.
“You deserve the right to be an important piece of the greatest collection of the supernatural, Dean. Now, I think I’m needed elsewhere.” he said while taking his phone in his hand, “I must go but if you need anything, a book for example feel free to leave a note with your dishes after you ate. I will send my staff later to bring you your breakfast. You should go back to sleep now, you look tired and it’s still very early, goodbye Dean.”
Castiel seems to think of something.
“As always, please don’t take any pictures, and let me present him. This is Dean. He is Michael’s true vessel. I know that look on your face: you’re all asking yourself “what does that even mean?” Well, you already know that an angel needs a human body that they called a vessel to walk around the earth. This human here is foreordained to be Michael’s during the Apocalypse. He is in fact the best option to contain the power of the archangel. That’s why he is so important, he will help to change the face of the battle between Michael and his brother Lucifer.”
The angel passed his hands in Dean’s hair and styled them a little to try to give the human a little more professional looks, while completely oblivious to the freakout look the young man was giving him.
“If you try anything funny, it would be the last thing you’ll ever do.” Dean tried to sound threatening, but it was pretty difficult when your only weapon is a razor blade in your pocket and your hands are slightly shaking.
“Is that all you hear from my plan?” The angel sighed like Dean was the biggest burden of his existence. “I need you to do your job seriously Dean. We will not get very far if Sinclair’s men discovered the deception as soon as we get through the door.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Cas? Buddy, are you sure you’re okay?”
“You said he can change to a dog, right?" Castiel nodded, "so I supposed I can’t just put hit around his leg?”
After a few hours of reading journals, Sam didn’t have anything interesting for them, but Dean was, on the other hand, well engrosses in the article wrote in front of him. It talked about pie. All the kind of pie he wanting to taste just a few hours away.
“What the hell did I said?” Dean asked the angel.
Dean finished his little monologue, not as glorious as the one Cas did, but it just feels so good to have it out of his chest. Cas is beaming at him and slowly Dean approaches him so their lips can meet. It’s sweet and tender, just expressing all their love in this small gesture.
So when he leaved the room, somebody came to clean everything. Even the bed was made.
On the bed, was sitting, facing him, the guy with the bluest blue eyes he never saw. Those eyes were looking at him like they could see his soul and Dean was hypnotized by them.
He lifted it to eye level and shook it. "It's water from the waterfall. It serves as a gate, isolating me for years."
"Kev, it's fine. I'm not a damn princess."
He rechecked the time, then looked back out the window, and then checked the time again.
With the clarity he was regaining, he remembered with a sick feeling that Lucifer had been here. Hell, he could come back whenever he wanted. But Dean wasn't stupid; he was in no position to run away. Clearly.
Dean clasped his hands in his, slowly sitting down on the bed beside Max's legs at an angle. "Who's a monster, Max?" He asked sternly, fearing he already knew the answer.
The only difference now was that people were starting to put Dean and Lucifer on the same level, which Dean was not used to, but Lucifer appreciated to no end.
"For… all of this. I may not have got to see you fulfill your side of the deal, but just seeing you with your family made everything we've done for the last six years worth it."
Lucifer just cocked his head at him slightly. "I apologize for not healing your leg sooner," he began as he stepped closer to Dean and crouched on the floor to be closer to him. "I couldn't fight those wretched things until you were out of harm's way, so I was basically just running. But you're safe now, I promise."
"The man! He prayed to me!"
Lucifer, however, was not currently in tune with his own instincts.
Jody blocked his path, stopping right in front of him and holding out her arm. "Slow down, Winchester."
"You can't control anything. You're a manchild."
“But I know Dean,” Cas said firmly. “Dean isn’t the type of person who would… reciprocate that.”
"Yeah, Dean, we have some questions!" Sam snapped at him. "None of that made any sense!"
There was a big burly cop there to stop them before they got too close, but they could see the scene well. There was only about five cops total, including the bouncer holding them back. Besides the cops, two women were standing around, and it was easy to tell from their hunting experience that they must have been witnesses. They wore normal clothing and were holding themselves awkwardly. One specific woman with curly red hair looked particularly sad and concerned, and Sam immediately filed her away as the best witness to talk to before turning back to the bouncer.
“Oh, hello. I hope you don’t mind, I let myself in.”
He huffed, slightly frustrated that he wasn't in there with Max, and he sat down in one of the hallway's waiting chairs.
Two days ago, Max had called him three times, but every time he called, Sam had still been trying Dean's cell. Sam didn't bother calling him back because he was so worried about his brother, but he figured he owed Max a callback, considering Sam was the one who asked Max to come to Kansas to heal Dean anyway.
"Like a rift?" Cas interjected, surprised and intrigued.
There's a little bit more Max content coming up next
“Well, I-”
He felt a rush of energy through his body, every bone and muscle being wrapped in light as he stepped onto the cold hard floors of his bunker once more.
"Dean, when I look at you, I see Michael. I see the sacrifice he made to free me. You did the same, and you'd do it again in a heartbeat, but I can't let you. There is nothing I want more than for you to come back to my world with me, but that would be selfish.
"So, do you want to tell me what's going on here, Mia?" Sam asked as they arrived at the entrance to the kitchen.
Lucifer stared at the man, completely speechless. He recognized his human form, this Chuck figure, because it had been one of his pet projects since the dawn of humanity. The only angels that had been “lucky” enough to see it had been the archangels, and here he was.
Everything could go wrong in this split second, and Dean closed his eyes as the world seemed to move in slow motion. He imagined he was floating on his back down that familiar river, hand in hand with that familiar angel.
It looked a bit more… professional than Dean's own Ma'lak coffin. Both in craftsmanship and artistry with the symbols on the box, carved in and painted gold.
Chapter titles are titles of songs by Josh Pyke that fit the mood/theme of the chapter :)
He had one last idea, and Cas pressed his fingers to Dean's forehead. Not to make him sleep, he was a little late to that, but to put a good dream in his head.
"What the hell happened?" Dean turned to Lucifer, finally focusing on his face. He looked tired and sad.
"Dean, we have an actual angel who's seen so much of history, who knows about everything in creation. You could at least pretend to be interested!" Sam criticized again.
Luc put his hands in the air. "Oh, no, sorry, yours was beyond me. I can heal people, Dean, not cars. But I felt bad when we were fighting, so I went back to my world with the ingredients we had and brought back the other world's 'Baby' equivalent. Fully decked out with the carving you and your brother made, and the little toys rattling in the air vents."
Dean smiled wide, staring at the box excitedly. "It will be over, Luc. It will all be over. No more worrying about Chuck destroying this world, and no more worrying about what he can do to us going forward."
He tapped the screen with a single finger and put it on speaker, his hands still too wet for him to risk picking up his phone.
Before Lucifer could respond in any way, he heard something. Words, ringing through his head in a familiar voice.
Jody smiled and opened her mouth to say something, but static consumed the laptop screen again and the video ended.
“Which means what exactly?”
(You should listen to the songs for each chapter! They were my inspiration for the story!)
"Please! Say something! Look at me! Please…" Dean could feel his eyes brimming with tears. He hadn't seen them for four damn years, and he needed to see them again. He needed to. "Why can't I see you?!"
Rowena nodded and sat back down. "Alright dearies. I'll bite. What do you need from me?"
"True," Dean agreed. "So tell me about all of them."
Dean was still clutching his shoulders, the concern having barely been alleviated. "Are you okay, Luc?"
“And do what, Kevin?”
Ruth rolled her eyes. “I can’t kill someone already dead. But believe me, her days of ruling Hell are over. I know what you pulled down there the other day, and I’m not a fan of it, Dean Winchester. And by the way, can someone explain to me how you aren’t dead?”
He missed all of it. He missed the long road trip to the small town they were investigating; he missed the greasy diners and dead day-drinking bars. He missed rolling his eyes while Sam acted like a girl being all sympathetic while talking to the witnesses. He missed the musty motel rooms that always smelled like bleach and dirty laundry. He missed the surprise twist they would learn about the monster during the climax of their fight. He missed their narrow escapes. He missed the girl who had been flirting with Sam the entire time, practically swooning as they left.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We’re getting off point here, Sean Mills and I came to warn you that-”
“Well, you see, it all started when I was first in Hell and-”
They were both very quiet, and Sam crossed the room to sit on the bed beside Castiel. They both stared straight forward, not knowing what to say. Cas was contemplating how much more suspicious he was becoming of Dean after his brief and strange meeting with Ruth, and Sam was beginning to question if he ever needed to be wary of his brother at all.
"Chicken noodle soup, huh. Making it for yourself?"
"Yeah, but I passed my GED in like two weeks, and with a great recommendation from Sheriff Jody Mills and a sprinkle of forged identification, I was a shoo-in."
Dammit. This would have all been so much easier if Dean hadn’t lost his car. What was he supposed to do without his precious Baby?
As they approached the waterfall, they could clearly see the large cave opening behind it, but the water was pouring into a drop-off below, and it was a tricky order of steps to stay pressed to the rocks and not hurtle to the ground from the height of a skyscraper.
Sam wasn't picking up his phone; the line was busy whenever he tried to call. Max just growled to himself in frustration and tossed the phone harshly onto the passenger seat as he quickly put the car in gear and pulled out, away from the shed and the kind farmer and the empty Impala, and booked it toward the bunker he'd always wanted to visit anyway.
Sam cocked his head slightly, but his face didn't change at all. "My brother died four years ago. I don't recognize you."
He felt Cas's hands on his face, holding it up and trying to get Dean to look at him, and Dean took in a deep shaky breath, trying to spare his dignity. He only felt worse as he saw that Cas looked scared.
Mia worded her story very carefully; she would wait until something she said, distracted the angel by causing genuine concern and used that moment of distraction to slip in the lies. She was pretty proud of herself for that one.
But he also felt obligated not to leave him here to die, either by blood loss or one of the many Purgatory monsters breaking in. But he knew that he had killed, or more, blew up, all the Leviathans and vampires that were nearby.
Raphael didn't stop walking, but he did respond indignantly. "Why ever would I kill you?"
Dean was always good about that, somehow he always seemed to understand where Lucifer was coming from, and he understood Lucifer’s fears and hesitance. Maybe it was because Dean had always been in strange positions of power with immense pressure, so he knew what it was like to be in Lucifer’s position. Because Lucifer was in a pretty tough spot. He was not any of the things people believed him to be.
“Dean, that's insane-”
“Listen to me Lucifer, you’ll pay for this. I’ll get out of there, and I’ll get my powers back, and it will be the end of the line. Do you hear me?” Lucifer just laughed at him. Chuck turned his head wildly before settling his stare on Dean. “You should have just died, Dean. Why do you never just die?!”
"Don't say that!"
"You're right, I cannot heal him like I used to have the power to do, but I can wake him up. I'm not entirely sure if he'd have much time, however."
"Well, he's very busy-"
An overwhelming sense of relief and exhaustion knotting together in his stomach and lungs knocked him to the ground, as he slowly fell onto his knees.
Dean wanted to throw himself off this cliff. He felt… stupid. Was it possible he had been this stupid the entire time? He hadn't even known. Mia's deal hadn't even been her idea. It was fueled by Lucifer's suggestions. He might feel like he had been played if he could see any of his friends as having anything other than his best interests in mind. But no one was the enemy here; it was just Dean and his stupidity, and Lucifer and Mia's slightly accidental care for Cas' wellbeing.
“Dean?” Lucifer flew into the classroom that Dean had called his room - in the other world at least - for so many years. He was ready to end this stupid little argument and sit down and have a civil conversation.
Dean raised an eyebrow at her. "Why so interested now, Mia?"
"Of course I do. I still do, and I will kill them myself if I find out they've spent the last three years risking their lives trying to find me. But the truth is, Cas's definition of 'moving on' isn't the human one. He'll hunt with Sam and drink beers on the hood of the Impala, but only because it would make Sam happy." Dean stared into the waterfall in front of him, concentrating hard on keeping his eyes fixed on the rushing water. If not, he feared he would shut his eyes, and their faces would be the only thing he would see. "Maybe it should be comforting, but it makes me sad too. But unless he finds my body, I don't think Cas is going to stop waiting for me. Sure, hopefully, he will stop looking for me. But he won't stop waiting, and that's what kills me." He cursed himself under his breath. "I don't want him to be upset." The last words were barely above a whisper.
Cas perked up at Dean's request, obviously not telling which one he was pointing at and it obviously not mattering to Dean at all. As Cas went into a story about creation, he felt an odd sensation, a familiarity as though this happened once in a dream, or in another lifetime perhaps. If he relaxed enough in his story, it almost felt as though he were floating on water, but he had very little understanding as to why.
"You know that things haven't always been good between Sam and me," Dean reasoned. "Remember when I told you about when I had the Mark? Or when I tricked him into letting an angel in that ended up killing our Kevin Tran? Or maybe when I went behind his back and made a demon deal that sent me to hell for him? Or when he drank demon blood? We don't have a normal relationship. Hell, we definitely don't have a healthy one. But we love each other. We'd do anything for each other." He put a hand on Lucifer's knee. "We forgive each other."
“Yeah, you right” Sam agrees making Dean chuckle happily while taking his fork. Sam just grab the lemon-meringue pie in his hand before proceeding to smash it in his brother’s face while laughing.
Dean could see the importance of stuff like band-aids and scalpels, but he really didn’t want to know why the angel thought that they would need some laxatives. ("Bowels movement are very important Dean")
The lock and the chain where gone, Castiel was now left with the same four cuffs that Dean had. Castiel noticed how Dean stared at the symbol drew on them.
He could go home.
She rolled her eyes. "I guess you have a point, but it still ruins the fantasy. You know, the cute romance story, one professes their love for another."
Raphael rolled his eyes, clearly getting increasingly annoyed the more time they were wasting. “Of course not, I sent him to warn Lucifer and Mia. Look, Ruth stole something from me, it was the lance of my late brother, Michael.”
Though Dean was cupping his face gently, he still wasn't reacting at all. He was like a robot, with no feelings in his face and nothing "Cas" about him. "Dean, Sam and I are happy now. We moved on. That's what you wanted, right?"
Jody couldn’t stop staring at the girl who was hiding her face in her legs. She just saw a video of herself, saying that this girl was her daughter. And while Jody knew she never made that video, she never had hair that even looked like that, there was no doubt that it had been her, unmistakable Jody Mills, in that video they just watched. Was that crazy? With the Winchesters, crazy was just a way of life, but this seemed a little too surreal.
Dean punched the floor beside him, ignoring the pain splitting through his knuckles.
That was a problem Dean found he had when it came to Lucifer and Kevin. He had a previous Lucifer and a previous Kevin, but sometimes with all the time they spent together and the friendships and bonds they'd forged, Dean would forget that there was a Lucifer and a Kevin before the two he knew now. And it was strange and weird to think about Kevin Tran lying on the floor in the bunker with his eyes burned out because that Kevin was so young and had been gone for so long. So which Kevin was "his" Kevin?
Max runs into some trouble, Sam and Cas discover that not all is well, and Dean has late night revelations
None of it. Made. Any. Damn. Sense.
He wasn't in the bathroom, the storage rooms, the dungeon, the shooting range, or any of the rooms with televisions or couches.
The third floor was dark and almost eerie, but something was comforting and almost cool about how distanced and other-worldly it felt. Dean was sure if he had a typical high school experience, he would be geeking out over how fun it seemed to be in a dark abandoned hallway, only lit by the light flooding in from windows to classrooms where he could see shadows of people walking around.
“Luc, where are you? If you’ve got your ears on, Raph needs you…”
He could tell it was bothering Cas too, but he also got the feeling that there was something the angel wasn't telling him. Probably because whatever it was would only make Sam more nervous.
It hadn't been a hill, obviously, but thankfully it must have been a drop-off above the river; otherwise, he was sure he'd be feeling more pain than just his leg. He didn't remember landing in the water, but that probably made sense considering how many hours he'd been walking in the heat on a broken leg, so his body and mind just decided it was time to retreat to protect himself in case he hit the ground.
It was late that night, and Castiel was wandering the halls of the bunker. Though he didn't sleep, he did usually stay holed up in his room through the night, but he couldn't do that after his long, still night the day before waiting for Dean.
That had been the most concerning part of the call, in all honesty. Sam always assumed that if they were ever going to end up together, Cas was going to have to be the one to say something. After all, the only other time Dean took what he wanted in love was with Lisa, and that had only happened because he had just watched his brother be possessed by the actual devil and then thrown into the pit. It was… gruesome, to say the least.
"Jeez, tell me how you really feel."
"So…" Mia changed the subject. "Six years, and you can finally fulfill your end of the deal."
He knew how they felt about the options. Kevin wanted him to go back a day after he left to spare his family any further pain. Mia wanted him to go back to his world at the moment they were in now, not "cheating" and erasing their last six years since Dean had to suffer through them. She thought that his family deserved to be happy, but she wanted them to be able to understand and grasp precisely how much time had passed.
And it worked, Cas and Sam both looked out their respective windows, looking incredibly guilty. Dean was beginning to wonder if something happened between when Dean spoke to Sam that morning and when they got to the car. He thought this because Sam had been walking on eggshells around him the entire ride, always acting friendly and being careful with what he would say, not at all the angry, suspicious man that Sam technically had every right to be.
Castiel was very unhappy with what was going on. Dean was here and he was alive, which filled him with so much relief and… hope? Maybe. But after just finishing that video, he didn't know what to think anymore. It was Dean, it just wasn't… Dean.
Jody.
It was the stranger.
Lucifer and Dean shared an uncertain look, not entirely sold. "Why would you want that?" Luc asked.
It went to voicemail, so Sam hung up and called again. This time right before what was probably going to be the final ring, a female voice picked up the phone.
Luc knew what it was like in that cage. He knew whether her punishment would be worse than her gain. And Luc is the only one who had any right to decide what should happen to Chuck. Chuck was his father. True, he was Ruth’s and Castiel’s as well, but Lucifer had gone through too much to not have the last word.
Lucifer shrugged defensively. "I know, but there's something different about this one. He knew who I was, but at the same time, thought I was someone completely different."
"You're Dean Winchester?!"
Sam and Mia were asleep about four hours into the car ride to Jody's.
Since the dawn of time, Lucifer had been the bad guy, and he never did anything wrong. Sure, he pushed Gabriel off a cloud one time, and yeah, he stole Raphael’s archangel blade and hid it on the day they were assigned, but that was just them being kids.
Dean stood from his chair and walked over to the doorframe, gripping it tightly and trying not to punch the wall in anger. "Dammit!" He shouted, startling Sam in his seat.
He knew how sloppy and terrible his lying had been yesterday, and he knew that his emotions gave them plenty of cause for suspicion. He still wasn't going to be perfect, he spent a couple of hours crying in the shower last night after all, but he wanted today to be better. And he figured it would be more believable to act out his changes and let them wonder why he was doing different things than it would be to pretend to be exactly like he was when he left because that would just add an extra layer of fakeness and trying-too-hard-ness.
However, he was never fast enough to outrun Kevin Tran's blinking eyes.
"I remember!" Dean exclaimed. "Luc even referred to it, saying that Michael gave it to him as a gift for 'breaking him from his prison of torment' or something!" Dean pointed out, reminding Lucifer of his own words.
Sam sighed, feeling beaten by this twenty-something girl. “I’m driving,” he demanded.
Dean forgot that Lucifer didn't know him. Of course, he didn't, they hadn't ever met before, but he didn't consider a lot of those factors.
“Dean? Hey, why haven't you-”
Kevin crossed his arms defensively, but he also felt really guilty and knew he couldn't justify being so abrupt and rude in the situation they were in. Kevin would never have to do anything as emotionally complex as the feat Dean was attempting to achieve. “I’m sorry. It’s just that I don’t understand why you can’t just tell Cas you love him. He’s kind, right?”
Mia looked at her father with wide eyes. “I don’t know how to do that! I’m not Dean. That’s Dean’s job.”
“You! Who do you think you are?!” Jody shouted at Mia, before thundering down the stairs.
Lucifer nodded exasperatedly. "You recognized me but then described me as someone else entirely! That makes no sense. Unless, of course, you're a…"
"DEAN! Get your ass out of bed!" Someone was shouting as Dean cleared the sleep from his eyes. He blinked up to see Sean, Mia, and Kevin, his roommates for six years, standing above him excitedly.
“Yeah, and apparently it didn’t work! It never seems to work,” Chuck responded, almost sounding defeated. He had a point, historically Dean had a habit of sticking around.
Nobody’s in sight. Finally!
I can't promise a weekly update but know that I'm doing my best to give one!
The guy explanation made sense. Sinclair seemed to be some kind of arrogant showoff.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L24vaxNH91w
Thank you for taking the time to read!
“Is this lock magical? If I try to pick it, it’s going to hurt me or something?”
I'm proud of me I updated 3 weeks in a row!!
That night, Dean makes everyone his special burger and they just share a meal with some of these special people who they consider family.
Okay, so the dude who kidnapped him was a very religious weirdo. Dean had absolutely no idea why he was here. He clearly is more a sinner than an angel, and he doesn’t remember a time when he did a prayer since his mom died when he was just a child.
Castiel was in front of the door. Now knowing that it was actually the real exit, Dean thought that the door will be locked or something but apparently he was wrong since Castiel didn’t seem to have any trouble opening it. Guess Sinclair didn’t think that they will be able to get out of their cell and get rid of the guards.
But, Mia could read a room, and with all of Sam’s attempts at being patient and civil, he was one “no” away from punching her in the face, and she wasn’t planning on taking that chance, so she reluctantly handed the flash drive to Sam.
"A high school movie where the protagonist gets kidnapped by God and has to fight monsters during an apocalypse."
"I have had the delightful experience of coming face to face with him on multiple different occasions."
Raphael was clearly in a lot of pain, the black veins stretching across his skin just like Dean had seen on Cas the last time they had about with this particular weapon. “No…” he mumbled, now both his arms folded over the wound on his stomach as though he were nauseous. “She… she’ll kill him,” his voice came out stronger and more determined than before.
"He imprisoned you in that cage for thousands of years, unfairly and for no reason. So, put us both in there. Let us spend eternity rotting away in your cage in this shitshow of a world, and let me spend that eternity with him forever, able to do whatever I want."
The phone lying alone on the table between them produced a loud jumble of static and unintelligible noises that Castiel and Sam had no way of interpreting, they only knew it was loud, chaotic, and bad.
"I'm not sure," Dean admitted honestly. "He's not here, that's for sure, but there was something Chuck said when I got here and saw him. He told me he sent me here to find a way to torment my family back home and me while devoting his attention to this world, which makes sense for him. I'm stuck here until I eventually die, and Sam and Cas are stuck back home, unable to reach me, and all that bullshit, but Chuck specifically said that they wouldn't know what happened to me. Just that I'd upped and disappeared."
Both Sam and Cas had enjoyed Dean's little injury leave. They weren't sure if Dean had, considering that a broken leg should be a punishment, being confined to the bunker unable to leave and hobbling around. But he had seemed uncharacteristically happy, all things considered. The two of them treasured when Dean would get to be happy, so it only fed their enjoyment of the situation.
Water. He needed water desperately. He was overheating and thirsty and had somehow drained all of the water Lucifer brought him during his fits of sleep. The fact that it had not miraculously refilled only served to remind him that he was so blind with hatred that he chased off the one person who was capable and willing to help him.
“Loose?” Sam interrupted, seeing Mia’s line of questioning as a waste of time, but Mia held up a hand that almost smacked Sam in the face, ignoring his indignant gasp.
"That's an understatement," Lucifer said with a roll of his eyes. "I figured out how he knew me, by the way." Kevin's head perked up in interest. "He's from another universe."
“Hold on,” Jody interrupted. “You were only missing for a day, Dean. By the time you’re describing, you would have had to somehow meet Mia and magically heal your leg in like… an hour.”
Max rolled his eyes, annoyed at how everything was just lining up in a bunch of dishonesty. "And you're just okay with that?"
Dean nodded in confirmation. "We avoided the apocalypse because Sam said yes to being Lucifer's vessel and took control back, throwing him and Michael into the cage, but the death didn't stick. You possessed Cas when the Darkness got free and killed him a year later. That one didn't stick either.
Dean's eyes widened in anger. "Seriously, Jody? Don't you think I have better things to do than stalk the one person at this base who hates me?"
"What?"
"Huh?" Dean was startled out of thought.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam put his hands over his mouth as he stood up quickly and walked a few steps away, shocked, and trying to process what they just heard. From what they could manage out of that phone call, Dean was in a car that someone else was driving, they saw something bad, bad enough that Dean wanted the driver to get out of the car and run away, but the driver refused to leave him behind. And there was someone hurt or dying in the car too, so Dean wouldn’t leave, and then he said goodbye.
"Wait a minute," Castiel interrupted what was sure to become another brotherly squabble. "If Mia doesn't have any magic, then how was Max Banes healed? And why did he credit her and refer to her as a fellow witch?"
He looked down slightly and saw the hand and the blade pressing against his neck. The hand was dark; though he wasn't sure if that was just the dreadful lighting or not, he could clearly see the blade. It was an archangel blade, the blade that Gabriel had, the one weapon that could kill an archangel.
“Yes.”
He'd been sleeping way too much; it wasn't healthy. His brain lived amidst thick fog, and all he wanted to do was sleep until the pain went away.
The archangel cleared his throat and sent Dean a relieved smile, possibly relieved because Dean was here, in front of him. "Yes, of course. Why wouldn't I be?"
Lucifer chewed his lip awkwardly. In fact, he did have that ability and had alluded to it a handful of times in the two years since he first brought up the time travel solution. He could see what happened to Sam and Cas, or really anyone from this world at any point in the six years that Dean was in Lucifer's own world, but did Dean really want to know? It never came to be, so it isn't important any longer.
He was more than a little embarrassed that Sam basically saw him have an emotional breakdown at the gas station. He knew it was natural and that Sam didn't find it strange, but it was a conversation he didn't want to have.
"The key, Mia," Dean demanded impatiently. Mia's face immediately switched back into that serious expression Dean was so familiar with. In this scenario, they had to throw away all of the latest events and pretend they were back at the base, fighting off Purgatory monsters.
“Don’t you dare!” Kevin held his hand up to stop the now nervous and flustered hunter. “Don’t you dare tell me ‘it’s complicated’. You want to know complicated?” Kevin leaned forward with this newfound confidence. “Getting relocated by God is complicated. Living in an abandoned school building in the middle of the woods with a hundred other people is complicated. Befriending Satan is complicated! You know what’s not complicated? A person liking another person. Do you realize where we are? We are in Hell, Dean. Don’t play that “complicated” bullshit when we are on a literal spiral staircase, descending into Hell.”
(You should listen to the songs for each chapter! They were my inspiration for the story!)
"That doesn't change how she feels. I don't know what happened in the woods last night, but whatever it is that you said to convince her to listen to you and actually apologize to me, which, by the way, was a shock, don't abuse it."
It was a weird feeling. It was a good feeling, an amazing one, one that made Cas want to look out the window and just smile and never stop smiling for the rest of eternity, but Dean wasn’t here, and they didn’t know where he was, and what Dean said on the phone had definitely been a goodbye.
"Whoa, calm down. I'm near that bunker of yours. I'll text you the address. I won't touch it, I promise." And the phone clicked off. Dean waited with worry for the address, and when his phone beeped, and it showed up, he hauled ass toward the damn stairs yet again.
Raphael had similarly slow progress with Mia. Mia spent the year regretting ever introducing herself by her full name because Raphael refused to call her "Mia," only "Amelia." But Dean was pretty sure she secretly liked it.
“Oh, I’m sorry, are you going to imprison me here? You of all people know that’s not very fun.”
Sam shrugged, his annoyance with his brother's change in the last day only building with every conversation he had with him or about him. "Apparently, he called him yesterday with some cryptic worry, and Dean's convinced something was out to get him or something." He sighed and leaned against Cas's door. "I didn't get anything out of him yet."
“Of course,” Mia sighed, sitting on the bed, defeated. “Of course, when we’re this close. I’m going to lose everyone, and I can’t even finish the damn job.” She put her head in her hands and Cas and Sam couldn’t tell if she was on the verge of tears or some kind of mental break. It didn’t help that her choice of words was only more confusing.
Max furrowed his brow as he continued driving down the backroad. "Bait? Is that what you said?" He asked out of confusion. The man might be out of his mind, though.
She had the decency to look ashamed. "I know how it works technically, but I've never aimed at anything living before. Definitely not anything chasing me."
Dean just rolled his eyes at her, enough to settle her slightly. "I think you forget our unique situation here," he said before shutting his eyes.
Sam let out a dramatic, bitter laugh, clearly doing little to mask his anger. “Lucifer’s dead! Of all of the things we currently have to worry about, Lucifer is not one of those things.”
“Dean,” Cas’ voice was threateningly low, and it made Dean’s eyes tear up. He knew what he was about to do, and what would happen to him, and how much he hated that he let Cas down again.
Amelia Mills definitely admired the guy. Mia followed him through the halls like a shadow after the first night he was there. She had overheard a conversation between Kevin and Lucifer that drew her to him.
"What?" Dean was caught off guard. "What do you mean? Cas, it's me. It's Dean." His voice was gentle, but it was breaking. He didn't think he was actually holding his tears back any longer, as he felt a warm drop on the back of his hand. "You know who I am, don't you?"
She accepted his hand up with a smile. "What the hell, I'm only nineteen, right? It's you geezers that I worry about."
(You should listen to the songs for each chapter! They were my inspiration for the story!)
"I mean, seriously!"
What the hell had he done to deserve it from Cas? All he'd ever done was repeatedly put him down and get angry at him. So what, he might have thanked him a few times. Did that undo the world of pain and suffering Cas went through for him, that he never reciprocated? Maybe once or twice, but how was that enough to repay the angel who pulled him from hell? He hadn't been there for him when it counted.
An overwhelming sense of relief and exhaustion knotting together in his stomach and lungs knocked him to the ground, as he slowly fell onto his knees.
"I'm just glad you're home," Castiel said softly. He reached forward and gently pulled Dean toward him, wrapping him in his arms. Dean gratefully let him and ended up practically cradled in the angel's lap as he buried his face in his chest, holding the angel's trenchcoat in his fist as Cas had one hand rubbing up and down Dean's back and the other lost in his hair.
Dean rolled his head backward and stared up at the sky. "Oh my god. Fine. I, Dean Winchester, have promised, and continue to promise to tell Castiel, the angel, that I am and have been in love with him," he exaggerated and over-specified his words comically to appease the little schoolgirl marching beside him. "Happy?"
"So Sam," Dean started speaking while facing away from his brother, messing with the coffee pot. "I got a call from Max Banes yesterday."
He had been a little confused as to why this earth was holding on for as long as it had been, but now he supposed it might have something to do with the annoying and unlikely friendship between his failed son and that stubborn son of a bitch hunter he had meant to just suffer and die. But now, they were both back in Chuck's favorite world, the one he'd been saving for last. Dean's reappearance in his own world was not part of the plan.
In advance for the comments, I'M SORRY! This chapter was lowkey kind of sad in both plot points, but we'll get some cute Lucifer and Dean friendship moments next chapter don't worry
However, Dean was oblivious and simply went to sit down in one of the chairs, looking a lot more exhausted than he had any right to be. Sam noted how Castiel's eyes never left him as he sat down, and he had half a mind to slap them both on the back of the head and tell them to start acting normal again.
Dean blinked his eyes open, expecting the dim light of his bedroom, but that wasn't what he saw. He was definitely outside, staring up at the most beautiful night sky he'd ever seen.
"Shit," Kevin heard Dean whisper, sounding even more upset than he had a second ago.
No, there were more important things to focus on at the moment. Ignoring the long day of public buses and illegal hitchhiking, he was finally at the bunker. He spent the entire day worrying that Luc would catch up to him and stop him, and that was the last thing Dean wanted.
Jody's eyebrows rose to her hairline, but she didn't say anything judgemental; she simply examined Mia closely as though there was some physical sign of being a witch. "Well, I can drink to that, right boys?"
Dammit, he had, of course, but he wasn't sure he wanted her to win. He wanted him to be safe; of course, Dean's safety mattered to him more than anything in the world, but he wasn't sure what any of Ruth's vague warnings implied. And he wasn't sure he trusted her. Why had everyone thought her dead for all this time if she wasn't? What was she hiding exactly?
"Yeah, and what the hell do you mean 'we can lock Chuck up for good'?" Dean added.
Everyone was shocked, including Mia who was finally waking up and starting to figure out what must have happened. The lance was broken, so Raphael would be completely healed. They didn’t even need to fight her for it.
Dean raised a hand to silence them, and he waited until they were reticent, with their attention fixed on him. "At least until we put Chuck away for good. Then from there, I will consider, just consider, telling them. But until that point, I'm not going to complicate the situation any more than it already is," he paused, staring at the two humans. "I need you to promise me that you'll accept that, no questions asked. Okay?" After they didn't answer, both grumbling defensively, he snapped his fingers at them. "I said, okay?"
"Oh my god, wait, are you serious? You're not joking?"
Lucifer leaped to his feet, a hand over his mouth. Dean scrambled up after him. "What's wrong? Luc, you okay?"
Dean shook his head. "I don't know what to tell you, Mia. But if she didn't come to your aid, then I worry that it means nothing good." He really did. He didn't want to add any more angels to this mix except for his own.
Jody scoffed loudly. "You're not special."
"He'll be alright," Lucifer said finally. "He'll wake up momentarily."
"Say something to Mia for her twentieth birthday!" Kevin demanded from behind the camera.
"He's messing with things he does not understand. So I simply ask that you report any suspicious activity to me. If he mentions anything about a key, or if you ever believe that he is communicating with someone, tell me."
Castiel shook his head, the deja vu feeling very strong as he explained it in a similar way to Sam before. “Dean said this box was important, very important, but I’m beginning to wonder if any of us can open it. Meaning, if any of us even have the capability of opening it.”
Dean bit his lip and trudged forward, slowly, not dignifying his own delirium with a response this time.
"Dean's fine, it's this friend of ours, a witch named Max Banes. Apparently, he was in an accident, so we're going to go see what's up because Dean thinks it wasn't just an accident."
Mia saw that Dean was at a loss for words and came up with the only solution she could on such short notice. "I'm a witch!"
“What did you mean by Lucifer?!” Sam interrupted, now confident to begin speaking his mind on the subject matter.
All the while, Dean was creeping closer to the Ma’lak box, keeping his eyes fixed on Chuck, who had his eyes glued to the battle. Dean almost forgot for a moment that Chuck was on low batteries, but even at his low level of power, he didn’t know what he was capable of. He could still teleport around, so he could suddenly appear and kick the box away, and maybe he could still kill him. Dean was a human, and Chuck still wasn’t quite, so who knew exactly how powerful he could still be?
He remembered that day incredibly well; he had thought back to that day hundreds of times in the last six years, feeling guilt or regret. "Well, I was stuck at home, and I… that's it!" He glanced over at Mia excitedly. "I was doing the dishes; I could have dropped my phone in the water when you called. I practically actually did that the first time around anyway. I'll just say I fished it out and took it with me in hopes that it would start working while I was out."
“Lucifer, I’m warning you-”
"No plans, I'm just… awake," Dean smiled at his brother before getting up to make Sam a cup of coffee. Sam raised his eyebrows at the act but didn't comment.
"Sure it was. Which kid?"
This was way more than that. Dean never wished Sam was with him more than at that moment; he knew his nerd brother would be in front of these people giving an inspiring speech, winning them over already.
He looked over at his brother, sound asleep in the passenger seat. Then he glanced into the rearview mirror and saw Mia, sleeping and snoring slightly, completely leaned and curled against Cas' arm, nuzzling her head into his shoulder.
Lucifer blinked his eyes open to see Dean, now standing directly in front of him with his hands on the archangel's shoulders, staring at him with concern.
"Your mom?" Dean filled in the blank quickly. "Mia, of course it was hard. No one would expect you to react any differently. I should have never made you feel like you had to pretend everything was fine."
"You're an idiot," she said with a malicious smile. “A resilient idiot, I have to say.”
Why. What a dumb question. Sam had a hard time believing that his brother wasn’t incredibly obvious all of the time. How could Cas not notice Dean’s eyes would always drift to him? Or the way that Dean acted when they were in a fight? How could anybody not understand what that meant?
“What he means to say,” Cas said pointedly, glaring at Sam, trying to keep him from scaring her off, “is why did you ask?”
That was… odd. Wait a moment, why exactly hadn't Max come by at some point in the last two days? From what he heard previously, Max was due to be in Lebanon when Dean disappeared, so why hadn't he dropped by?
Sam’s words, coming out as though the comment was obvious, did catch Cas’ attention. “Why…?” Cas asked hesitantly.
It wasn't his fault. He would be swearing that it wasn't his fault to his grave.
The last thing Lucifer ever wanted was to be a bad guy to Dean. Of course when they first met, neither had fulfilled the idealized form of what their relationship would become, but it didn’t matter so much then because neither knew enough about one another to care if the other didn’t like them all that much. And sure, Lucifer desperately wanted that “stranger” to like him, but not because he respected him the way he did now.
They walked back to the shed together, and they both saw the rift disappear with a pop. After seeing Dean's Impala parked next to Max's car around front, he realized with a sickening thought that they probably just missed the Winchester by a second.
"Bitch," Dean responded, crossing one leg over the other while lying flat on his back still, now intertwining his fingers with Castiel's.
“I’m not so sure,” Mia argued. “Why do you ask?”
The angel had to use all his self-control not to roll his eyes, even though he knew that he was the one being difficult. “Okay, yes, I heard him, he was telling me how much he respected me as a friend.” That had to be what Dean meant. Even if he did say what Cas thought he heard, that had to be what Dean meant by it.
But when he went to sleep at night, he would close his eyes and see Sam and Cas. On more challenging nights when all he could do was think about them, he would stare at the picture he had until his fatigue whisked him under, and it felt as though the arms of a familiar angel were wrapping around him and carrying him off to his dreams. Sometimes he could even smell that familiar smell, feel as though that familiar trench coat was brushing against his bare forearms. But he always woke, his own arms wrapped around himself, shivering and alone. Devastated, he would consistently reach out to Cas and beg him to come to him and wrap his arms around him.
“Why the fuck is it locked?! Did Dean have a key?!” This was the first she was hearing of the box being locked, though fairly, she hadn’t been there when Lucifer gave it to him. ‘Is the key one of these?” She held the ring up again, still unsure which one was even Gabriel’s.
"You've hurt my family and friends more than any other thing in the universe. Don't profess that I'm 'safe' with you. You possessed and tortured Sam in hell. You possessed and then killed Cas in the span of a year. You kidnapped my mother, and don't get me started on all the innocent people you murdered along the way." He wanted to spit at him to drive the point home, but his mouth was incredibly dry.
"Yes, I should have just let you heal me."
Yet, Lucifer rescued him. Dean would have died, either bled out and died or passed out and drowned. And Lucifer not only took him out of the river, but he carried him through the woods to a cabin, set him by fire, tried to heal him, brought him water and bandages, demanded that he be called to help should he need it. He actually respected that Dean was too scared to let him heal him.
The archangel was a bit surprised at the lack of vim he was receiving. The man he fished out of the river that morning was angry and tense. This one just looked terrified of him, frozen. He wasn't sure which he preferred.
The spell was ready, and Dean choked on his own breath as that familiar golden tear in the fabric of the universe appeared before him.
“Sean? Oh god, you didn’t bring him to Hell did you?” Dean interrupted, frantically looking around as if Sean were hiding behind one of the statues for some odd reason.
"I insist."
“He didn’t mean them!” Cas shot back, uncomfortable with the corner Sam was pinning him in, so admitting it seemed the best way out. Yes, Dean said “I love you”, or at least tried to. But he couldn’t have meant it.
Lucifer blinked his eyes open to see Dean, now standing directly in front of him with his hands on the archangel's shoulders, staring at him with concern.
“No, you listen to me,” Dean hissed, only an inch from the archangel’s face. “You can lock me up in here for the rest of my life, but believe me, I never thought of you as the bad guy until just now, Lucifer.”
Mia scoffed. "Yeah, all the more reason to have our resident archangel go. Do you think Samuel had a fair fight? No offense, Dean."
Both of them had tears welling in their eyes. They had just caused the death of someone who came to Kansas to help them, only so they could find out what information he may know. And now they had that information, and it was… hopeless.
"What kind of agreement?"
It wouldn’t be a stretch to assume that Cas was not a fan of the Ma’lak box. Dean and Billie’s dumb and horrible plan to trap Michale by suffering in a coffin at the bottom of the sea was quite possibly the worst future Cas could have ever envisioned. Honestly, he hadn’t ever been sure what he would have done was Sam to agree to let Dean do that. Cas wasn’t about to let that happen, but if he couldn’t stop it? He’d rather sit on the seafloor and wait next to him for all eternity, trying to provide some comfort. Just the thought of Dean going crazy, being tortured by Michael was enough to make Cas go crazy with him.
Putting her own reasons for not wanting to see the video aside, this wouldn’t necessarily be subtle. They would see Jody Mills talking about her daughter Mia, they would see Dean with Lucifer, and they would see the ghosts of Raphael and Kevin. Mia didn’t want to steal Dean’s moment, to tell the truth, and she planned on avoiding it as much as humanly possible, but there were some things she couldn’t just bullshit a lie about. Not to mention she needed Dean and Lucifer back as soon as possible.
"Haven't you noticed the… lack of retaliation? The lack of any angels or demons coming down on us?" Lucifer asked. "You made it seem like we'd have hoards come down on us."
Oh hell, who was he kidding? He wasn't going to let them do this without him. He would wait until they got home and make them take him, even if Cas had to make good on that threat and carry him out, which felt oddly familiar for some reason.
"Heya, Max! Long time."
Dean nodded along slowly. Though he was disappointed and approaching furious, he couldn't say he was surprised.
Cas immediately broke the hug, grabbing Dean's shoulders and pushing him back but gripping onto him. "What?"
Everyone liked Dean's stories the best. He had lived one hell of a life before this, and they loved hearing about it. Maybe it just made them feel better to know that times could and have been worse. Sometimes Dean would just share the details of a tedious hunt he did with Sam, and they liked listening to those stories just as much, if not more.
Chuck smiled at him, yet again. "I'm bored, Dean. Besides, what makes you think you're deserving of happiness? I'll be happy knowing you'll never see Sam or Castiel again." He studied Dean for a moment before letting out a long, resigned sigh. "But because we've been through so much together, I'll give you a heads up. I'm tearing this world apart by having released everything in Purgatory. Good luck!"
Perfect. Even if all the pieces lined up, if Sam and Cas found them and found the keys and found Mia who could explain what to do with the key, no one would be able to open the damn box unless he or Luc would live through whatever the hell was going on.
"Dean, I can take care of some of them, but not this many all at once. I need to buy time."
Chapter titles are titles of songs by Josh Pyke that fit the mood/theme of the chapter :)
Castiel's eyes grew wide, confused, and shocked. "There aren't even enough angels left to cause him any harm; why would they want to?"
Dean sighed in defeat but met him with a non-threatening stare. "Yes, but what's your point here, Luc?"
Sam was again behind it, staring at Dean with that same stony expression he had while coaching him through the other monsters. "This is where it gets tricky, Dean. Because if you can't find a way to win…"
After another long moment of silence, Lucifer spoke up. "I'm delighted you didn't die, by the way."
“We made it so that no one can open it except us!” Kevin explained, at least having the sense to sound guilty. “It seemed like a good idea at the time, in case someone got a hold of it!”
Dean's blood boiled, but he was definitely getting closer to knowing who she was. "Raphael doesn't really like angels, so I'm not sure you two are friends." He took a threatening step toward her, vaguely aware of his lack of any way to kill an angel. "So which one are you? Peter, Paul, or Mary?"
He reached his arms out, attempting to grab Cas's familiar trenchcoated shoulder, but somehow it felt as though they were further away from him than they should be in his Baby. He couldn't reach them, and he couldn't see their faces.
"Are you alright? Is there anything I missed?!" The archangel scanned Dean up and down, worriedly holding onto his forearms as he examined him. For once, Dean wasn't upset with him.
Kevin nodded slowly. "What happened in the forest today? What was so bad that you needed to call Lucifer? No offense, it's just the way you sounded; I thought you were some arrogant, selfish, martyr type bastard."
"That seems unlikely."
Ruth shot Chuck a spiteful look. "I've been around for a long time, Dean Winchester, and your friends are not the only people I've killed in his name. And no, I certainly don't have a conscious telling me to stop, but I've wasted so many years on him, in hopes that one day he'd allow me to rule by his side, or be his favorite. Thousands of those years, destroyed in a second. All because he didn't see you idiots as the threats you actually were."
ALSO, two more chapters + a bonus alternate ending chapter that was suggested to me a while back, so it will serve as a bit of an epilogue or alternate ending or what have you, if Dean had chosen to return without time traveling (so Cas and Sam will have been without him for the same six years :(  but don't worry you'll love it) just for some extra destiel :)
“Father!” Ruth’s voice was a shrill, excited squeak as she ran up to him and stood beside him. “You came!”
“I’ll tell Cas the second we get Gabriel’s key in the Ma’lak box.”
Again, Sam, almost having teleported or something was behind the vampire. "You were smart enough last time to use what you have. Think."
“Just let me finish the story, okay?” Dean asked exasperatedly, but it was sincere, so Jody crossed her arms and leaned back in her chair. Dean knew he couldn’t just start spewing the truth out of order just to answer questions. He was telling the story, and he couldn’t give away the ending until everything could make sense.
Dammit. No. Lee. Lee was the perfect example. Dean couldn't just start trusting whoever he wanted. How many times had he burned by deciding to trust shady people? He trusted Michael to give him back control of his body. He trusted Gadreel not to kill Kevin. And those were the obvious ones. You obviously don't trust angels, especially ones you only trust in desperation. This situation was just desperation.
When Lucifer was rummaging through an abandoned house belonging to a witch researching alternate realities, he found a journal belonging to an old hunter named Samuel Campbell. He had been searching for a gun that could kill anything, so Lucifer thought it would be worth a read. After all, it might be a helpful thing to have.
Sean nodded, and then shook his head immediately after. “Raphael is here, but he’s in Hell, searching for Dean and Kevin.”
"So what will you do when you get home?" Mia asked after tripping over her fourth rock during their silent trek.
Castiel’s face fell yet again. Right, there was that one little detail he forgot. Just because he could feel that Dean was alive did not mean that he was okay. Once again, Cas felt that familiar worried feeling, the one where he felt nauseous and wanted to be out somewhere doing something, anything to quell the negativity.
Dean opened his eyes and found himself slumped in a chair, a chair that he knew for a fact he had not been in before.
Dean, still disoriented, tensed his shoulders until the door was latched behind the devil. The moment he could no longer hear any noise, he passed out.
Hearing his voice again made her tear up. "Thank you," she said, choking on her words.
"Yeah, but I want to hear it in sentence form. Come on, I behaved for the last three years practically for this specific thing. Please?"
She had never seen him this scared in her life. She'd seen him sad or angry but never scared. This was new territory for her, but she would be damned if she couldn't navigate this part of his personality as well. Dean was like an older brother to her, and she wasn't going to suddenly find him "too complicated."
"How?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"I want to know if I didn't come back to this time specifically, what happened to him? What happened to Max when I spent six years over there?"
Mia immediately headed for the loose board and kicked it away, picking up the glossy black box for the first time with elation. But as she picked at the latch, it wouldn't open.
Lucifer just blinked. Actually, no, he hadn't thought of that, but now that he mentioned it, it seemed plausible. If the man could do… that… to a vampire while running low on sanity and resources, what could he do if he had those things?
"Okay… and that means?"
"Stupider than walking into Raphael's cave when my only backup was Mia Mills? I think I've done all the stupid I can do today," Dean responded with a laugh, standing up and heading for the entrance.
"The true kind. All you have to do is wake up another morning. Because Chuck can't truly have ended the world if there's still anybody left kicking. And I know you, Jody Mills. You don't stop kicking. As long as you keep kicking, you keep waking up in the morning, Chuck will lose."
Thanks for reading! Please comment or leave kudos if you liked it!
The man nodded frantically. "Of course. Thank you so much, bait."
Ruth walked up to Rowena and crouched down in front of her, resting her elbows on her knees as her curly hair bounced in front of her face. "Did you really think you'd be able to hide from me? You're just a dead witch."
In the other world, they never had to deal with demons. Angels, sure. Monsters, far, far too many. But demons? Surprisingly inactive.
Suddenly, based on their reactions, Dean could tell that maybe he screwed that one up. They seemed… horrified. Disgusted. Shocked. Mortified. Something and everything all at once. Dammit, they didn't know. But now they did.
“Smart. Now, go get it and destroy it for me.”
"I think you should go."
Ruth grabbed his arm and yanked him to the ground, bringing herself to one knee as well. "That's our father, Samandriel!" She hissed.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, there was that other Fed that you guys were asking about that I talked to, and he was dragging out two other men.”
“Well, I doubt he’s sipping pina coladas,” Ruth bit back, furious that Dean wouldn’t just rollover. Of course, she knew it would be difficult. “I got him with this damn lance, and I’ll get your precious Lucifer all the same. And don’t tell me I can’t kill someone successfully, do I need to remind you about that little massacre back home?”
"Please, please, you have to help me! There's a crazy guy out here, and he chased me from my car, and he hit me over the head, and I don't know what to do-"
Dean scrambled to his feet, Lucifer's hand supporting him all the way up. "No…" was all he could manage to say.
Chapter titles are titles of songs by Josh Pyke that fit the mood/theme of the chapter :)
“And I need you to start cooperating with me,” Chuck said nonchalantly. “We all have things we need, Lucifer.”
The archangel's shoulders drooped. "Okay, I get it. I do. I just want to understand what you are."
"Find a way to survive." Cas replaced Sam, standing in the same spot he had been standing in and finishing his sentence, Sam now nowhere to be seen.
“I may be crazy,” Cas began warily, “but that looks like the unmistakable work of an archangel.”
Suddenly, a familiar figure appeared next to Dean, as if having simply materialized there. Castiel immediately recognized the being as the archangel Raphael, who was also dead, just like Lucifer was supposed to be.
Dean blinked at him, confused and surprised. "Well, of course, I was gone for like a day and-"
"These are my girls," she said proudly, picking up the frame and examining it closely. This time she was too distracted to notice Mia staring at her, but Mia finally had a smile.
“You think so?”
"You know I'm right. I know how much you love them and how much they love you."
“I know Dean too, Cas, he’s my brother,” Sam pointed out. “And it’s obvious enough that you make him happy. You know that, don’t you?”
She felt at her face with her hand to feel the warm sticky trail of tears, and as her gingers tracked down to her jaw, she ran into Dean's hand, holding onto her face as he was staring her in the eyes, looking scared.
"That won't be necessary," Kevin interrupted. "I'll send out some small teams to the wheat fields for appearance sake, but she's not out there."
Raphael looked at the girl in amazement. "Amelia, you're a clever one!" He spun to face his brother. "Do you have something of Michael's? Something deeply connected to him?"
Luc had problems being the bad guy, that much was obvious. And number one bad guy act? Murder.
Chapter titles are titles of songs by Josh Pyke that fit the mood/theme of the chapter :)
However, as he pulled his fingers away, Dean grabbed his arm and pulled it to his chest. Cas became slightly unbalanced and had to lean over, holding the edge of Dean's bed frame so as not to fall on top of the man. He had Cas' forearm in a tight grip, and Castiel didn't know what to do. He could pull it back, but that would surely wake the man, and that was the last thing he wanted.
"Hey Luc," he mumbled distantly.
"Huh," Dean said, eyebrows raised as he refixed his gaze on the sunrise on the horizon. "I guess I didn't think about that, but I think you're right. If they don't recognize me, it would only be because my personality is different. This place, you guys, you've all changed me, and I think I might just be scared that the Dean Winchester my family knows and loves and wants to be returned to them is one they'll never see again, one who I left behind in the cabin four years ago."
“Dammit, Dean! That’s not a plan, it’s suicide! You won’t just get yourself killed, but your family as well.”
Dean's eyebrows crept up further. "Seriously, why? What do you two gain from that? You've never even met Cas!"
This was it, his door home. His door back to Sam. His door back to Cas. Back to the bunker, back to sleeping on a bed, back to his Impala, back to feeling safe outside. Back to privacy, supermarkets, clothing stores, restaurants, television, and working phones.
Rowena cocked her head, not looking intimidated in the slightest. "Has anyone ever told you that you're gorgeous, love? If you weren't such an insufferable bitch who took my throne I might have wanted to-"
"Yeah, but you're not in love with me," Lucifer added, crossing his arms.
“In case of what?” Mia asked nervously.
But Dean simply laughed in return, throwing his own arm around Lucifer’s shoulders. “Yeah, hey, Luc, pal, remind me, how old are you?”
He nodded apprehensively. "Okay, then why are you here?"
“Yep,” he said quickly and they were both out of the room in a hurried blink, leaving Dean alone with his family.
"I'm sure you can. You did quite a bang-up job with that vampire. But I'm sure you'd be much better taking care of yourself if you took the time to actually take care of yourself."
The brothers shared a long sad look. It was evident that none of them really knew enough about their late brother. Lucifer had told Dean, Mia, and Kevin about Gabriel. Gabriel had been long since dead, he died within a year of Lucifer's imprisonment, and no one knew how or why. Lucifer's best guess was that Gabriel didn't believe God when he lied about Lucifer, and he had been killed for it. Raphael's inability to say anything at this particular moment only convinced Dean that Lucifer's idea was probably right the whole time.
First, he needed resources. He would need to find somewhere to stay, a house or a car or a motel room where he could rest and reset, and begin to compile resources: weapons, spellbooks, anything he would need to survive.
Luckily, lying on the spot was becoming a sort of a sport for them. Sam unlocked his phone and quickly pulled up a picture of Dean, pushing it a little too close to the trooper’s face. “He’s one of us, and this was his car. Where is he?”
He blinked in confusion as Sam hopped back into the driver's side door. "We've been looking all morning; maybe we should go back to the bunker." Sam glanced over and saw the angel, not really paying him any mind. "Cas? Hey, are you doing okay?"
"Max was… strange on the phone. It was him, for sure, but he seemed to find something weird. Something he described as frozen lightning."
"Maybe this is what it's like to lose your mind, Dean," the ghost voice of his brother said as if he were walking beside him on his right.
"Sammy, please," Dean pleaded uselessly.
"I'll go back with you!" Dean insisted. "I'll stay there until everything is fixed, and then you can just pop me back through that rift to the moment I left, just like last time!"
He maneuvered his way around the bed to the side and lowered himself slowly onto the ground, keeping his broken leg as straight as possible while sliding it to the side. He felt ridiculous. He pulled out a suitcase, pretty dusty from sitting untouched for a long time. He popped it open and was surprised to see a bra at the top. He began to rummage through curiously and found an assortment of clothes for different genders and sizes. Most of it was androgynous, plain t-shirts and large flannels, button-ups, that sort of thing.
"Tell us a story about one of the constellations, Cas," Sam requested.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean chuckled a bit at that, and Cas still looked shocked. Even though Cas had been the one to kiss Dean in the kitchen, he was blushing and looked star-struck.
"He's fine, dearie. I couldn't have you making a fuss," the familiar Scottish voice interrupted his thoughts, and Dean immediately turned to face Rowena, sitting on an identical chair, holding what looked like a cup of tea. "Sorry about the brutes, sweetie, but we both know how stubborn you Winchesters can be."
Dean bit his lip, not liking those words. He'd been so happy these past few days despite his broken leg, and he didn't want anything to ruin it. However, if it had anything to do with Chuck, as those things were usually considered "world-altering", then broken leg or no, happiness or no, he would have to help out. That was his duty as a Winchester.
The calm before the storm, something Dean was used to by now. The outstanding moment however was the calm before the storm a couple years ago, when all of the monsters stopped attacking, the four of them would go on camping trips and contemplate how simple and calm things had become, until they weren't.
“And why haven’t you just done that before? You were always capable of finding us, but you don’t even need us to know where the box is. Hell, you don’t even need to know where the box is to destroy it. So why haven’t you done it earlier?”
Chapter titles are titles of songs by Josh Pyke that fit the mood/theme of the chapter :)
Jody Mills. The very same Jody Mills he thought of only minutes ago while looking at his picture of Sam and Cas at the party. She looked slightly different, she was dressed the same as the Jody that he knew, but her hair was longer, just past her shoulders. It was the style it had been when he first met her, but it was still the peppery gray of the Jody he knew.
Just a little.
Dean sighed, but it wasn't annoyed; it was merely resigned and tired. "A lot of things factored into it, but mainly, it was this."
"You did all this for me while I was sneaking out behind your back?" Dean asked with a guilty look.
He didn't deserve any of this. He didn't deserve for Cas to love him, he didn't deserve to have Luc or Mia or Kevin or Raphael, he didn't deserve to win.
“The throne room is just through there,” Dean pointed out, though Kevin could put two and two together. Dean threw up his hand, hitting Kevin in the chest. “We should be careful, maybe just peek in first so we don’t interrupt her. The last thing we want right now is to lose Rowena’s cooperation.”
The question was, how different?
The little idea of going to Jody’s house had been bad. Mia freaked out, and it didn’t help that the scenario wasn’t exactly closure by any means. But this? This was oh so much worse.
"What are you talking about?" He stood back up and leaned against the wall with Dean. "Oh, he's probably making a birthday video for Mia. He mentioned it earlier; he made sure I stole him a fancy camera and everything." Lucifer paused. "Not that I really find what I do… stealing… anymore."
If Dean came home, he would be sure to lecture him for leaving and scaring him. THEM, scaring THEM. Dear god, WHEN. When Dean came home, not if.
Cas froze, embarrassed and slightly panicking, but he couldn't find the words to lie, so instead he just bowed his head and nodded sheepishly.
Ruth tapped her foot impatiently. "I'm here to ask for your help, Castiel. Some angels want to get their hands on Dean Winchester, and I would like to stop that from happening if at all possible."
"If we did that, IF, how close and accurate would your little time travel thing be?"
Mia pulled away, confused. “What do you mean?”
"It's beautiful," Dean acknowledged, taking it from Luc and weighing it carefully in his hands. "It's the finished product?"
Dean grabbed his friend's arm and rather forcefully pulled him away from Max. "It's okay, Luc. If Max really needs to tell them, we aren't going to stop him. He's not the enemy." Dean turned away from an annoyed and concerned archangel to face the annoyed and concerned witch once more. "Just promise me, when you tell them, can you not mention my friend here?"
“Excuse me?!”
Trinity shook her head slowly. “Honestly? I can’t speak with total authority, but it looked like he’d been stabbed or something.”
That did it. The volcano erupted. Suddenly all three were talking loudly and angrily over each other, the dam being broken. They were so out of the loop that they couldn't say or do anything during all of the commotion, but now it was just them, and boy did they have some choice words for Dean.
Priorities had to change immediately. If they died, Ruth could not get her hands on that box.
It seemed the two were effectively ignoring Sam. "No, I can do this, I have to do this," Mia said, her voice still obviously distressed. "Sam's right; this was my idea. I have to see it through. It's going to be fine." She glanced up at Dean. "Tell me it's going to be fine."
I am sort of basing Sean on Garth lol, I didn't even notice X) but I just think it's a funny juxtaposition, this more strict, angry Jody compared with a happy-go-lucky husband
“Oh please!’ Kevin protested. “Dean’s mad because it’s Dean. Not even a Dean with his improved self-control could react well to that kind of news. Nothing I say would help, Lucifer, it would only make things worse,” he said honestly. “But hey, I’ll level with you here. Dean is going to be mad, because do you know what he did in that car, right before it crashed?”
"That's ridiculous!"
Dean nodded. "Yep, it's them alright. Them and the poor sons of bitches they're wearing to the prom," he told him. "Meatsuits," Dean clarified for Kevin's sake.
Year one was almost a bit fun. It was terrifying, but he was making friends, coping with his loss, and fighting monsters alongside some kickass people.
"And?"
Dean was less and less sure that Lucifer was faking any of that, or that he could have some cartoonish, nefarious plan.
"No, really!" She protested. "I'll pull them aside at some point and tell them that you almost died rescuing me from the vamp nest. That would explain away any… urgency that you might show in your reunion."
Dean had been so obsessed with his own situation, which he felt rightful in doing so, that he hadn't thought about their situation. They could do nothing. So what were they doing?
“That was just it!” Trinity’s eyes were bulging out of her head, like many of the witnesses of the supernatural that they had encountered over the years. “I turned back to see if I could still see my friend in the car, hoping that an ambulance was on the way, and by the time I turned back, all three of them were gone. Like they had vanished or something! But I don’t know how... I mean, there was no possible way that one conscious man in the state he was in would have been able to run away carrying those other two, let alone have run far enough away at that moment I wasn’t watching to be completely gone! Look around,” she motioned to the field they were standing in. “Is there anywhere he could have even hidden in? I know it was dark, but there was nothing.”
Lucifer grabbed Kevin's shirt by instinct. "Wait!"
His leg. Dammit all. He reached a moment of clarity; his leg was in bad condition.
Sam nodded knowingly. “Yeah, just as much as you.”
He watched as Lucifer rolled his eyes. "It's not poisoned, christ. Do you think I'd save your life only to kill you now?"
"I'm sorry," she started before Dean could ask her any questions. "But he just gave me hope that this could all be over!"
"It probably means that there's someone feeding grace to the spell. Max, get out of there."
Dean stiffened but didn't take the bait. "Well, it was before I broke my phone," he added pointedly, but without spite, considering this was all a big lie, so he didn't have any right to get angry with his brother. "But he was really vague. He said he was in Kansas, and there was something wrong, but he hung up really quickly. Could you try calling him? He isn't responding to my calls, and I just want to make sure he's okay."
Dean did as he was told, and he pulled out his gun, firing two shots into the torso of the monster in mid-air, causing him to drop dead on the grass.
Cas folded his arms tightly to his chest and shrugged tensely. "You should go with him. That place apparently means something to you, Luc definitely means something to you, so I think you should go."
Cas was standing in the kitchen when Dean arrived, the hunter's hands shoved in his pockets uncomfortably. "Hey, Cas," he greeted him awkwardly. Cas folded his arms.
When they reached across the table to clink their wine glasses together, Jody's own slipped out of her hand and bounced off the table once before inevitably shattering on the ground.
Sam, glancing between the two's equally furious expressions, and trying to alleviate the tension, chimed in by saying, "I think visiting Jody would be nice, right, Cas?" He glanced over at the angel for support.
Slowly, he made his way to the door.
A lot of her words were sticking out, specifically because in this context they didn’t make much sense. The phrases “down there” and “Dean’s still gone”, implying there really was another side to what happened today. Or was it yesterday? The sun had risen by the time they got to the crash site, Sam had simply not slept since it was the middle of the night when Dean called them.
"Mother's name," Mia interrupted, having heard the story of the first Amelia Mills a hundred times from her own mother. Realizing what she did, she quickly added, "am I right?"
He used to hate the weather when he hunted. Sam would continuously grow tired of Dean complaining that the motel room was too hot all night or Dean shivering while they dug graves because he refused to admit that Sam had been right to tell him to bring a coat.
Lucky for him, most of the jeans were around his size. And he noticed with elation that there were bundles of underwear and socks in a side pocket of the case.
Dean exclaimed that he didn't need help, multiple times for good effect, so they shrugged at each other, pushed past him, and disappeared down one of the halls.
She was an angel, she shouldn’t have to be surrounded by this putrid filth masquerading as intelligent life. It was awful.
Wait, why was he floating?
He tried to ignore that pang of emptiness and longing in his chest when he saw Jimmy Novak's blue eyes staring at him in his own head.
One year passes with Dean stuck in this alternate world, Mia is reading Samuel Campbell's journals, Dean and Kevin are working together, and Lucifer just wants everyone to get along and go camping
“There you are!” An out of breath voice came from the path, running toward them. Sean Mills stopped a few feet away and bent down, clutching his legs with his hands, clearly trying to get his breath back, and clearly out of shape.
Castiel and Sam are left with a confusing phone call from Dean and a strange box beneath his bed
"Just sleep, Dean." Cas' deep rumbling voice was quiet, and it was the perfect sound to compel Dean to officially fall asleep, unknowingly nuzzling his head into Cas' chest.
"No, a cloud of demon smoke totaled it! I was an excellent driver, and you know it!"
"Dean, nothing you could ever do would be a bad thing to me," Cas replied in lieu of lunging forward and wrapping his arms around him. Dean blinked, looking surprised and confused but also relieved, which is all that Cas wanted. "When you change, you're still Dean Winchester. That never changes. And I'm not angry with you at all, you know that, don't you?"
Dean, picking up on that signal, looked over to Mia to see her reaction. She looked conflicted, but finally turned and gave Dean a sharp nod. That was all he needed.
"She told me that Dean almost died while rescuing her, and she was telling the truth."
But all of the turmoil was interrupted by a very familiar, very hatable man with converse and a beard, leaning against the large map table in the center of the room.
"So you should have no problem agreeing then," she reasoned. "Think about it, alright?"
"Yep," Dean replied, nervously tapping the wheel.
Showtime! Part 1 I guess.
“You tried to kill me!” Dean snapped back incredulously.
He was well-used to being surrounded by regular people with no knowledge of the supernatural who still managed to put themselves in harm's way during a case, but this was something else. These people didn't want to be here; they weren't throwing themselves into the saddle for personal or pride reasons. They were just victims. Just trying to survive.
“A 20 is a car accident,” Sam remembered. “But I think 11-24 is an abandoned vehicle.”
So why couldn't he just have a seamless return? Why couldn't he just want things to be just like he left them when he got back? Was it really so bad to want that? To lie in order to get that?
Though, he wouldn't call a dark log cabin in the woods "safety." But at least the events of the last day were a bit clearer now.
Cas took a step back, but she only smiled at him. "Who are you?" Castiel inquired, his voice dangerously low.
Mia went over and sat on the edge of the bed next to her friend's lying form. "I hope that witch thing wasn't too unbelievable."
The girl shook her head, her eyes widening. "No, and I have absolutely no idea how to explain what I did see."
Lucifer exchanged an awkward glance with Dean. “Actually I wasn’t able to get the lance off her. She broke it… herself.”
Mia took a deep breath. "I don't want to be treated like a baby anymore when I'm old enough to help, but-"
And boy did it. Lucifer’s face fell immediately, his eyes were wide and his mouth twisted to an incredibly concerned frown. Mia and Sean looked at each other, more worried now that Lucifer was worried. Sean had been hoping that the archangel wouldn’t mimic the panic of his brother upon discovering the lance had gone missing in the first place.
She stood up and kissed her father on the forehead. “Okay,” she conceded. “I’ll go to the bunker and try to talk Sam and Cas into helping me.”
Cas was in his room with the door open, and Sam just walked right in. "Hello, Sam."
Mia had already hopped in the backseat of the truck, so Sam and Cas loaded in as well, beginning to drive away.
Dean finally pulled away, and Sam swore he could almost see tears welling in his brother's eyes. "Uh, I'm sorry. About being gone, I mean." His voice was shaky and uncertain and full of complicated and some contradictory emotions, and Sam honestly did not understand what was happening with his brother or why this young woman was standing next to him, smiling weirdly at Sam.
Cas finally stood, shoving his hands in the pockets of his coat. "I think we both were so worried that when he came home, we just got… angry. Maybe we should have given him the benefit of the doubt…?"
“No, but then again he didn’t seem to have a grasp on reality,” Trinity supplied. “He wasn’t doing so well.”
"What do you mean?"
But he knew Lucifer wouldn't come in the door, not after establishing he knew who he was. And the door opened very slowly, letting in more afternoon sunlight than the curtain-pulled windows did. But there was a figure in the doorway, and Dean bit out a rough breath as he recognized him, vaguely.
There were some things about humanity that he feared he'd never understand.
A woman had appeared in the center of the room, the all too familiar lance of Michael strapped diagonally across her back. Dark skin and eyes and bouncy hair, no mistaking it, it was Ruth.
He saw a figure, humanlike, as far as he could tell, but he knew better than to let that be helpful considering the three monsters he worried about the most all appeared human.
"Of course."
Admittedly, it was a lot to drop on a person. A minute-long overview that God had tried to kill you because he wanted to imprison your friend in another world for six years, but then said friend time-traveled back to when he disappeared wasn't exactly a normal thing to hear.
"Yes, but you need a break. Kevin and I will work on the new Ma'lak Box, but you must take a week's reprieve at least," Lucifer stared down at his friend pointedly. "Mia here will make sure of it."
(You should listen to the songs for each chapter! They were my inspiration for the story!)
Sean put his hand on Mia's back, and they started toward the door, but as Dean tried to follow them, a hand smacked into his chest.
"I'm fine, Cas," Dean mumbled, shutting his eyes again at the blurry tan figure. He hadn't realized how tired he'd been after spending all day walking around on a broken leg. It required so much more effort, both just to walk and to keep up the image that it wasn't as bad as it actually was.
How old was he now? God, he had to be twenty-six, twenty-seven. That was crazy to Dean, but it was what he deserved. Kevin deserved to live to reach thirty, and now Dean was here to make sure of it.
Mia listened to him, and she never broke their deal. She poured over books about witchcraft and magic every time Dean ran into her. She was always reading and writing things down in a journal, and she never let Dean see.
The smile on Sam's face increased ever so slightly. "Wait a second… that means that you're-"
I think you'll really like the next chapter guys... you also might hate me for it but there's some not so subtle destiel that I know you've been waiting for
(Part 1 of 2 in Hell)
“You’re doing it now! Like everyone else in my life, you’ll see me as the bad guy!”
"No, but you did spend the last three days in a fever-hazed, blood-loss-delirium as you put it. And now that you're finally healed, the first thing you need is a comfortable, uninterrupted, good night's sleep."
By chance, Dean saw a similar backpack stowed under the nurse’s desk. He opened it to see what was inside and starting to remove every object that wouldn’t be useful to them like an opened water bottle, or a headset. It just looked like a typical teenage bag with mint, snacks, a phone, that they keep just in case, even if it looked like they were outside the coverage zone. Dean removed a physiology book and the other book that he sure as hell won’t read called
He got up from his hideout where is been reading in the corner. His butt fell asleep, another proof that he’s been there for a while.
“You’re tired.” Clearly, is hiding job was crappy.
The young man didn't understand what happen and he couldn’t even see anything. The wings took all the place and even if he tried to push them away, those things were impossible to move.
Dean took a look around just to be sure there was no camera. The guy didn’t lie at least. He saw a small piece of furniture with two shelves. The one closer to the floor were a “dirty laundry” tag and the one on top a “clean clothes” tag. There was a boxer, socks, and a black t-shirt with a black pants.
I everyone!
Anyway, know that I'm sorry that I took so long and that I'm really thankful to anyone who took the time to read my work! Thank you so much! <3
“He’s even more stupid than I thought…” Metatron sounded weary and completely done with this conversation.
He was still tired as hell and apparently completely trap in that weird room. He didn’t have a lot of things he could do because his headache was making everything quite fuzzy and he couldn’t think about what was happening to him. He chooses to lay in this bed a little in hope that could help his head.
Dean took a few steps closer to Castiel when the guy stood up. Dean was looking at his gorgeous eyes again when-
“Well, I think it’s just because it’s really expensive and I’m not sure if it’s something that hunters would spend their money. They are more used at identifying their prey by normal sight.” Castiel sounded slightly confused, like he didn’t know what Dean was talking about with his hunting, which was weird in Dean's opinion because Cas knew about the monster, so he knows about the hunter too, right?
“Dean. Are you here?”
They’re back in the bunker.
“That’s what I’m afraid of, yes.” Comes the angel reply.
“But why? Your appendage is too huge to fit?” The human said with a smirk on his face.
The angel walked back to his cell with his load and Dean followed him close behind.
He left his stuff in the bottom shelf knowing that he maybe will never saw them again. He didn’t really care because now his t-shirt had a hole and his jean was slightly ripped. The only thing in one piece was his flannel shirt that he left in the other room.
I DID IT! I finally succeed in writing a new chapter in a week! However, I'm not 100% proud of myself in this one so maybe there will be some editing (nothing major) one day. But it's an important chapter so I couldn't wait to let you read it!
“Are you okay? I can’t understand what you said.”
Yeah, Dean decided a long time ago that angels were like unicorns: too cute, fluffy and good to be true.
As always English isn't my first language so don't hesitate to help me do better by telling me if you spot any big mistake that burns your eyes! (I probably should stop my habits to edit late...)
Sam acknowledges what Dean said and goes to his room brushing his hair probably. Dean does not really care; he just wants to see what’s wrong with Charlie.
“What? But there nothing here. Come on.” Dean could understand this guy. First, he was all 'We can't afford to waste time' and know he was blocked by an invisible wall?
Dean felt crushed by a wall of feathers in his face and with a shelf or something digging in his hip. Castiel used a switch on the wall to turn on the light. The young man realized that the angel rushed him in a small closet, like the protagonist in a bad teen movie.
Right. Being thrown out of bed when you’re sleeping peacefully to hear Sinclair's voice first thing in the morning is not a good way to wake up. Dean was not happy, and he needed coffee.
He just stared at him, like he was analyzing his breathing pattern or something. Dean arrived and put himself on the opposite side of the guard to try to block him in case he wakes up.
Using toothpicks he found in a drawer while doing his inventory the last day, he started the drawing on his collar while watching himself in the mirror. because he clearly didn’t want to think of a magic leash that could restrain him. He used a few drops of blood on the sink to use as ink.
“And you didn’t come here just to say you were alive?” Dean knows he sounds like a whiney angry toddler, but he had a million questions and didn’t know what to ask first.
He fought against his headache to slowly open his eyes.
If everything worked, they should be far away when bedtime will come tonight and he couldn't be more hopeful.
“THAT’S NOT AN ANSWER”
“Hello Dean”
“Yeah, that’s logic. But do you know where we need to go to get out of here?”
“Dean, didn’t you listen to what Sinclair said to you last night?”
“I’m not sad-Sam.” The look Dean gives him just told him that he don’t believe any of his bullshit. “I’m just… I’m thinking about Cass, and Jack… I’m thinking about being here.”
When he was done writing everything, he secured his notebook in his pocket to have it the next time he can talk with his neighbor. For now, there still no weird spell to bring him back in the other room and he doesn’t know how much time he still has. The young hunter started to look around just to be sure that he didn’t miss an exit way the first time he got here. He also tried to see if he could plan his evasion behind the toilet, Michael Scofield’s style. He knocked on the wall behind it to hear if it’s sound weak or if there something behind it. Unfortunately, TV shows aren’t great teachers and he had no idea if the noise mean that he could go and dig it or not.
Like always Castiel seemed sure of himself so he took his razor blade and tried to scratch the thing on the door. It was a little difficult but soon Castiel was able to come in the hallway. The guy went straight ahead like nothing could stop him, before he was abruptly stopped when he saw the sigil on the door at the end of the hallway.
Since the only furniture in this room was the desk, Dean hopped the key was there. He went to look for it, walking without making a noise as his father told him when he trained him to be a hunter. It was easy since the guard was snoring like his life depend on it. And bingo! On the desk, in a big mess of folders and half-eaten bags of Cheetos and Skittles was a box with several little transparent compartments with numbers on it. Dean could see a shiny little key in the one with the 2 on it but nothing in the on with the 3, the number he read on his own door. That could be what he was looking for since he hadn’t been chained.
“I supposed you don’t have an exit way for me?” Dean tried.
The other was like a crazy genius that couldn’t stop his rambling. It was very weird coming from that usually stoic guy. He didn’t seem to acknowledge Dean at all.
(See the end of the chapter for
At the end of the hallway, Dean found himself in front in a normal-looking white door but with the same weird sigil drawn on it. He tried to open it but it didn’t move. The young man thought that finally, real life and real problems were back when he saw a button on the wall looking like a switch. He pressed it and heard a little click. He tried the door again and Bingo! It was open! Apparently, Castiel was known to be the regular Micheal Scofield around here but the door wasn’t even secure on that side.
They walk a couple of minutes in that hallway before reaching an intersection. Castiel made him stop and hide behind a plant in a massive vase. The angel wings concealed him since the angel had his back to him but Dean pushed one of the wings a little to be able to see his companion face.
Every eye focused on Dean and even if he liked scrutinizing eyes every other night 40 pairs were a lot.
“You really believed what’s that crazy guy saying about Heaven? The guy just a lunatic with a superiority complex. I don’t care if he’s some kind of super-witch, but one way or another, I’m getting out of here.” Dean practically yelled the last sentence as if it will give him a sudden illumination. The truth is that he really didn’t have the beginning of a plan, but maybe if you sound confident enough one will come to him. Right?
And clearly, Dean was right to come here. This place is like heaven on earth and Dean is happy like he promises Cas he would try to be.
Dean needed to try something. He was not going to spend a day in here! Sure, trying to open the door in the wall didn’t work when he projected his shoulder, so he needed to try again. He took one of the chairs at the table. In the worst case, he didn’t need two after all…
Dean followed Castiel in the hallway and he really wasn’t expecting that. It was beautiful with high ceilings, clean wood paneling, and giants paintings of angels and heavenly things.
So, there was a bed, that was pretty obvious in the middle of the room. There was a little bookshelf with a dozen books. He found a desk with a few pencils and notebooks. There was also a little folding screen with a toilet behind it.
When he was done, the angel just dropped his hand, like he didn’t just break every personal space rules Dean could find. He seemed glad about his work and tell the human that.
“Don’t know this number,” Dean said while picking up his phone.
“I’m behind the screen, I can’t come closer.” Judging by the deep voice that had responded, Castiel wasn’t afraid to be heard by anyone.
First, he tried to listen to any noise anyone could make but he didn’t hear anything. Then, the young man took the risk to look around. The door opened in what seemed like a big circular room with various doors everywhere. Most of those doors had a little sign with what was probably a name on it.
The door opened without difficulty.
But here, he didn’t have anything to do when he was still trapped in his cell. It’s seemed like his body knew that and was just happy to be able to finally be sleeping.
If looks could kill, Sam will already be dead but yeah, laugh while you can. Having the pie on his face doesn’t stop Dean to take his fork to his face to scratch the pie so he can taste it.
From what he could guess he only slept a couple hour since ugly-bow visit. It was probably around seven in the morning if the light coming from outside his cell was natural light.
That would probably mean that the guy was ok, and that situation wasn’t a big surprised for him. The young man hoped that they could talk again later.
“Of course. Dean, I already told you that you don’t belong here.” Dean couldn’t believe that he already had an ally! But he was quickly disillusioned.
Please, don't hesitate to leave a comment or a kudos! Every feedback is welcome!
Thank you for everyone who read me, it means a lot to me!
Before he could continue to question all his hunter life, a voice startled him.
The young man groans softly as the voice of his friend slowly faded away. He tried to turn away but, again, because of a new spell his stupid feet didn’t want to cooperate.
Today is a new day! Everything from yesterday will stay in the past and now it’s time to look at the present. At least that what Dean told himself when he woke up a little later in the morning. He felt way better than before. His head didn’t hurt him anymore.
“No Dean, I’m not going to change because my wings can’t be hidden. I can not pass like a guard. The plan is for you to pretend to take me to the infirmary. There we could use some medical supplies we could be needed and there we will find a door leading us outside the building.”
I hope you still like what you'll read and that you excuse me for taking so much time to update!
He heard one asking what he was reading to Sinclair and every pair of eyes turn their focus on his book. He used his pencil to write on one of his notebook pages with big letters before showing them:
“All I want is explanations and a freaking exit door!” Dean responded aggressively.
“I’m not "intimidating him", Metatron began mocking the other’s monotone voice, “I’m just telling him that he should expect some less joyous time in his near future”
We? Who the hell are we? Dean just stares at his phone, still processing what just happened during this phone call.
“I agree with the holly part, but the shit wasn’t really nice” the voice said.
Thanks a lot for reading, please leave a kudo or a comment it makes me very happy!
“Dude wasn’t really making any sense last night. All I know is that he’s a collector or something and that I was his “pied de restance” whatever that mean. But I don’t know what he wanted to say by that! And who are you? How do you know my name, by the way?”
“Yeah. I’m going to become a firefighter.”
I hope that you like what you read!
Back straight, head held high and with an air of confidence on his face, the young hunter was pushing his prisoner to the infirmary. In reality, Dean didn’t have any idea what he was doing and Castiel was often pretending to fall so he could redirect them in the right direction.
Hello everyone!
“Your hair looked better like that. You looked more decent now and it makes you look more serious.”
He proceeded with hast and it was done a few seconds before the end of the time limit. The design of this last one was a little sloppy but it looked good enough for Dean and he even if he wanted to, he didn’t have the time to start over.
Now wide awake and close to the heart attack, the young man was walking toward the corridor. His head felt a little fuzzy after standing up this quickly. The door opened in front of him and a few steps after he found himself in the bathroom watching his own wide eyes face in the mirror while clutching to the sink with both hands trying to stay upright and understand what just happened.
“A lot of stuff. Their fantasy novel I guess and there is a lot of books about supernatural lore.”
“So, who’s going to explain to us what the hell happened?” Dean asks them.
“You have books?”
I want to apologize for these few months without updates... Irl's life was crazy has a healthcare student during a pandemic at the end of the school year was filled with internships and finals. Then, because I've got no self preservations, I choose to do a summer job in a hospital. Even my colleagues tell me that I'm crazy :)
“The hell?” that was the first thing he could say with a voice breaking from disused.
Soon enough the children among the fairies starting to grow restless and pulled their parents to see the next “specimen”. They were finally starting to move! The Sinclair-dude didn’t look happy at Dean sulking in his corner, but he moved too to continue the visit.
He sounded really bothered by the noise for someone who probably was a prisoner just like Dean. Looking to his left, where he thought the sound came, he was able to see a little vent trap on the wall. Now that he knew where to look, he could see the same vent trap on the opposite wall.
“You’re a dumbass”, he muttered to himself.
“But do you have a plan? Did you ever tried to get out?”
The silence following is deafening.
“Metatron quit bothering the human.” The new voice startled Dean. It came from behind him, but nobody was there. Dean slowly turn around. Nobody was staring at him from the weird pavements and that’s good news, but he couldn’t see where the new voice came from.
He didn’t want to make that phrase into a question, but he stretched the sentence a little too long under the angel gaze.
What he didn’t expect was to find a white bathroom with a toilet in a corner, a shower in the opposite corner, and a sink with a toothbrush and toothpaste.
“You should remove your clothes.” The angel turned around to face Dean with a stack of clothes in his hands. He looked at the human expectantly. The young man watched the clothes and slowly realized that it looked like the uniform the Teddy Bear Guard was wearing before.
Castiel gave him back his notebook through the vent and Dean spent the rest of his morning reading and preparing for their escape, asking some questions to Cas.
Now with the knowledge that the spell was working it was time to activate phase 3 of their plan: get to Castiel and get away from here!
and there a lot of stuff in here apparently.”
They’re so much more than Dean wants to say but he never was great at expressing his feelings. Emotional constipation aside, he doesn’t even know what he could say. It’s the first time he says that he misses him. Not that he doesn’t miss him since that day, but he just couldn’t say it, afraid to hurt Cas if he could hear him in the Empty. Poor angel was in super hell, he really doesn’t need to hear this kind of thing. But today, he just came out. Seeing a part of his family coming back but not he just made his absence even more notifiable.
Twenty minutes later there a knock at the door and Miracle is happily barking next to Dean to tell him to go who’s there already. With his new companion in tow, Dean took the stairs and open the door.
“There’s a guard here!” Came the whispered reply.
First of all, apparently angels were real. Well, at least that’s what the crazy guy just said, but he also said that Dean was supposed to be an angel condom or something apparently... That was just bullshits. If there were angels somewhere, why didn’t they do anything to stop the demon that killed his mom? She used to say that angel were watching over him when he was a kid, but if they’re real, why didn’t he heard of them before? No hunter ever talked about angelic omens or anything. Hell, even Bobby never mention a book about angel and every respectable hunter knows that he’s basically the best living supernatural library you could ever dream of.
The angel complied and turned so that his back and wings concealed Dean from his view.
So now it's time for Dean’s plan part 1!
“Yes.” Again, the answer was short but straight to the point with the guy's deep voice.
“You sick son of a bitch! Let me go!” he yelled trying to be threatening behind that wall of glass.
“Can you describe it?”
Okay, so now Dean was becoming crazy. He wasn’t even in this cell for 24 hours and he was already hearing voices. Maybe that’s why his head was hurting so much, he just took one too many blows…
With that, Castiel just picked up the teddy guard. And he didn’t even flinch while doing that even if the guy probably weighed more than 220 pounds. Again, that super impressive so, note to Dean: don’t anger the angel who could clearly break you in half.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re really is more important than that. I know that you probably don’t believe what Sinclair said about you, but he was right. You’re special in the eyes of Heaven.”
When the 5 minutes where finished, Dean’s feet were magically bound again while the door opened. They quickly made him cross the hallway to return to his usual cell. He looked at the other door at the end of it, wondering how he could find a way to get to the other side. Now with a friend, he was sure it was just a question of time before he found out how to get there.
“No Dean, this one is normal, but I can’t find a way to remove it.”
“This is awesome!”
“Easy my friend! You’re exactly where I wanted you to be. Now, I came here to see if you were settled and if you needed anything.” The guy sounded like he was talking to a child.
That’s when he heard a friendly voice.
Thank you so much to anybody who takes time to read it <3
I'm sorry to tell you that the next chapter will take a moment to be out there because finals are coming and I will not have time to write a lot in the next few weeks. I hope that you understand and you'll be patient with me <3
Oh god, Dean hoped that that was true.
The show isn't very popular in my country (well it's more that nobody I know seems to have heard about it), so I would love to speak to fellows fans online! I'm super shy but please don't hesitate to come talk to me <3
“Just like you always wanted.” Sam put his now dry plate on the counter and take his brother in his arms “I’m proud of you and what we did.” They separate and Sam continues “you deserve to live the life you want. I know that that’s what Cas would want.”
Dean explained his plan to Castiel briefly. The other man agreed but said that he will still knock the guard out before doing anything. Safety measures and all that. Dean agreed because it’s fair and it’s still better than death.
Dean pounced on the coffee. It’s heavenly, just like he deserved after this morning from hell. When he felt a little more human, he started to dig on his pancakes. They’re delicious and Dean’s moaning like a pornstar without a care in the world.
He can smell a delicious smell in the room. His eyes focus on the table to find a gorgeous plate full of pancakes, bacon, and eggs with a big black cup of coffee beside it.
The young man approached the lock on Castiel’s foot.
“No, I know. I’m done and I’m going to retire and probably just manage the phone and help hunters in need of lore. I actually already found a job in Lebanon and I start training next week.”
“Skinwalkers are a sort of werewolf cousin. They can change anytime and anywhere between two forms, one human-shape, and the other dog-shape. While they are in a form, they took the attributes of that form.”
“You have access to all the things that I hoped you could use. I’m going to write the plan that I imagine but the important part will be the timing.”
Castiel looked at him like he was stupid to even ask that question.
“COME BACK HERE! YOU ASSHOLE!” Dean shouted. That was followed by the great Winchester-insult-dictionary. Of course, ugly-suit never looked back, so Dean stopped after a few minutes.
“Yes,” She responds with a slight watery chuckle, “who do you think I am handmaiden?”
Dean was sure that the guy was just going to storm in the room like he owned the place, so he started to walk just to meet a wall of feathers.
Castiel is probably one of the best hunters he will have the chance to meet! He can’t wait to get out of here and maybe Bobby and Castiel could met too! If they share their pieces of knowledge, no monsters would be able to keep secrets from hunters!
I can't promise you when the next chapter will be finished, but if you want to talk to me you kind find me on Twitter: @ Mikey_Ran
“Dude, I’m just going to trust you here because you know the place more than me.”
Dean arrived at the end of the hallway where a door stood proud in front of him. He had found some bobby pins in the bathroom (why did they give him that was a mystery to him, he didn’t have ridiculous Disney’s princess hair like his brother - thank you very much). With them, he had planned to open the lock of the door like he saw people do on tv.
“That sounds like a great book Dean. Do you have access to the vent trap? You can give it to me from there.”
“It’s a Skinwalker. He could smell us and follow our trail.”
“Castiel.”
When he was happily munching, he raised his head and looked around in the room to see that the debris of his chairs have been removed and replaced. On the new chair the hunter found his flannel shirt neatly fold.
“I don’t need that kind of substance.” That was cryptic but damn that spaghetti was so good that the young hunter didn’t really care to decipher what his friend said right now.
“Oh, enough Dean!” Chuck shouted, standing up and straightening ever so slightly. “You just love to ruin everything don’t you?”
"Of course," she answered. "But I'm not currently in possession of them. Ruth has the keys on a key ring attached to her ugly, preppy little suit," she growled out, clearly not a fan of the angel who dethroned her. "She's out to get me, the twit. She'll have me locked in those very cages… why do you need the keys?"
