He could’ve sworn he was only asleep for ten minutes when the sound of his phone ringing forced him awake. He blearily looked at the time—
“You were one of my best friends,” Stiles admitted. “You didn’t even say goodbye when we left for school.”
for getting wrecked with us!” Dean yelled to the room from where he stood on a chair he had hoisted onto the small platform. He threw the microphone to the ground before grabbing Castiel’s head, smashing their mouths together in a kiss that looked like more teeth than anything else. Cas’s hand still strum between their bodies, the final chords ringing in the air, as the crowd yelled louder in answer.
Stiles watched Derek, thinking the guy almost looked like he was in pain at Stiles’ request, but he didn’t give a damn—he was an alpha werewolf, if emotions were this painful for him, he was going to need to get the hell over it.
He knew he couldn’t stay out of Beacon Hills forever, but he knew he didn’t want to return to being the guy he was when he left for school. He didn’t regret any of this shit he did, hell, he got cool ass battle scars from it, but he wondered if Derek rejected him because of how desperate he probably smelled. Sometimes he’d start to wonder if the others only tolerated him. He knows he didn’t do much to try and keep up any of the friendships outside of Erica and Lydia, but it became glaringly obvious that you were either there, physically part of the pack, or you were out.
,” Stiles groaned from behind the hand he rubbed over his face. He reached up, stretching out his own back with a sharp crack before twisting the opposite direction. He caught Erica watching him, eying his clothes as they stretched over his torso. He raised an eyebrow in question.
“The already signed a contract for you guys to do two more shows over winter break,” Jess added. “Paid half the fee in advance, and they’re scheduled right before the semester starts again so you can still do your Phoenix shows.”
“Prada, get back in here,” Lydia’s voice yelled out, cutting through the silence that had enveloped the backyard. Stiles blinked his eyes open slowly, sitting up and groaning at the ache in his back from the angle he had been stuck in for who-knows-how-many-hours. He shielded his eyes from the sun as he looked towards the back door and saw Lydia trying to get her dog inside. She caught his attention and grinned, “Good morning, sleeping beauty.”
part of their name, seeing as how Dean hadn’t had the time to go on a hunt in over a year. The guy had messed his hair up in retaliation, reminding Stiles that you never actually leave the life, but they all understood the sentiment.
Erica held Stiles’ gaze before glancing down at the way their bodies were lined up on the bed, sharing the blanket with the computer nestled on both of their laps, before looking back up at him.
“He found about a house party off campus and demanded we go.” Sam looked back down at Stiles. “Somebody wanted to go shot-for-shot with the upperclassmen.”
up there. Stiles sometimes thought he turned into a different guy when he was on stage. Nothing crazy, just more alive.
“No hippie-punk son of mine is going to tell me what I can and cannot eat,” John held his hand up, pointing at Stiles for a moment, serious face breaking after a second to grin. “Get the hell in there, kid,” he pushed Stiles ahead of him, swinging the door open.
“I never said I didn’t fight dirty.” Stiles smirked, making kissing faces to Boyd before staring back at Derek. For all that he had done to join them, he looked woefully out of place, face neutral and staring back at Stiles. Stiles rolled his eyes, reaching around to pull the flask out of Erica’s back pocket, ignoring the glare and shout Boyd gave in response. “If I touch her ass, I’m grass, I get the picture,” Stiles retorted before pushing the flash into Derek’s hands. “You really need to get on our level, man.”
“Right now?” Stiles questioned. Before his dad could interrupt him, he continued, “Sam found this house for rent, it’s a duplex style so we get the second floor and these other guys got the first floor. The lease starts in May, so we figured it was smarter to move in when we pack up the dorm instead of lugging it back home only to bring it all back to town. Rents kind of crap, so we were picking up work in the area. When school starts back up we won’t have as much time and Jess has an in at the local bookstore, got me the gig before I could even think about it, and it kind of just snowballed.”
He thought a moment longer before turning back to Erica, “Fine.” He cut her off before she could say more, “But if I want to leave at any point, you are driving my ass back to the motel. No questions asked.” Erica happily agreed, cleaning up with more haste than normal, eagerly tugging on Stiles’ arm.
Castiel hummed quietly, watching the mass of people in the room. “I thought we reserved that for Dean. You’re normally gone by this point of the night.”
“With the hours we work,” Stiles waved his hand in the air, “I started getting bad crashes and popping a second one just made it harder to sleep. Cas got me doing more yoga and meditation with him, and Gabriel helped me figure out how the food we eat effects gut health. And, you know, smoking helps with everything else.”
“Thanks, I think.” Sam rubbed the back of his neck before pulling out of the hug. He leaned back against his stool. “This is my roommate, Stiles.”
Before Stiles could yell at his dad’s back as he walked away, Erica slid out of her seat next to Stiles to move to the booth across from him. She leaned back in her seat, watching him carefully.
Stiles was pretty sure his skin was getting closer to becoming the hue of his hair, but took a deep breath before heading to the backstage area they had been shown when they arrived. Their cases sat nestled against the wall. Stiles sat on the coffee table, pulling out his phone. While they rode over to the building (in a cab, thank you, no driving under the fluence, he
When Stiles colored his hair a fiery red this time, he would swear to anyone who asked that it was not inspired by a certain Alpha’s red eyes. As they made their way up the West Coast before heading towards Michigan for a set of gigs, Stiles mentioned his interest in getting more tattoos. By this point, it had started to become expected: before the first show of the season, Stiles dyed his hair a new color, and if they visited a town he hadn’t been in, before, tried to get a new piece to add to his growing collection. When they were in Seattle or areas Dean and Cas had played before, Dean sometimes recommended different shops or artists. Other times, he would walk in, ask if any apprentices needed practice, and would walk away having only needed to tip the artist, small pieces adding up to a larger scaled image going down his shoulder and upper arm.
Stiles looked up at the sound of a voice at the doorway to the tight room. He had just arrived less than an hour ago, having driven the jeep down by himself. His dad was not happy that he couldn’t be there like they had planned, but trouble never sleeps in the spooky town of Beacon Hills. Besides, Stiles had reasoned with him, he’d be back up after he got settled in his classes, visiting before the month was over.
,” Derek bit out. Stiles bit his lip to keep from audibly laughing, hearing the sound of Derek parking and entering his home through the line.
“I need this more than you,” Stiles pulled the pen out of Dean’s hands, taking a couple deep hits before handing it back to Castiel, mumbling thanks as he jumped down from the stage for a second time.
Stiles could swear he heard Derek going up the steps to his room, the soft click of the door shutting over the line. He lazily touched himself, the towel he had used to dry off pooled at his feet. When Derek didn’t respond right away, Stiles spoke up again, “Tell me what you’re doing, Derek.”
It wasn’t until midterms were rolling around and his dad started calling, asking about the holidays again, did he feel his fingers twitching nervously at his sides. He rolled his eyes at the sheer redundancy, pulling out the wooden box he had been using to store the joints before calling his dad back. He had stubbed out the end of one of the rolled joints when he had pulled the box out earlier in the week, relighting the end while he heard the phone ring. He was blowing smoke out by the time his dad picked up.
Stiles looked over at Boyd, who shrugged, his arms falling away from where they had been crossed, hands resting at his sides as he smiled in agreement.
They were unpacking, back in the same motel they had been in the last time they played at Jungle, when Stiles looked over at Dean and Castiel. “I think we need to call Meg.” They both paused what they were doing; Stiles hadn’t mentioned needing a replacement since before graduating.
He used to love having that look directed at him, because it happened so often, and Stiles knew he was the only one who could confuse Derek like that.
Castiel nodded, watching silently for a moment longer. “Meg is back on the west coast this month, if you want to take any of the shows off—”
“You really thought it’d be that bad?” Dean asked, eyebrows furrowed. He looked almost comical, with only one eye surrounded by the dark black charcoal.
“Maybe,” Stiles shrugged, “You telling me being in the pit didn’t make you want to jump Boyd’s bones?”
They had been back in Beacon Hills long enough to grab lunch and get dressed in the motel and Stiles, on one hand, wanted to try and see Derek before they had to head out, but he also vehemently did not want to run off to go see some
After the years of fighting off the forces of evil and attempting to maintain some normalcy in their teenage lives, Stiles shouldn’t have been surprised by how well him and Erica got along, but then she did shit like this and it made him question most of everything. She had shoved a bag of frozen treats into the kitchen freezer, grabbing one pint and two spoons before making her way upstairs to join Stiles in his room. She threw the spoon onto his chest, forcing his body to make room for hers without pause. Stiles had wordlessly pulled out his computer and they watched B-Horror movies without a word spoken until they made it halfway through the second film.
“No, man, you have to let me get this out. There has to be a reason every big bad that comes through here tries to get to me first, when they want to get to you. That stupid omega figured out before you did and I’m sick and tired of ignoring it, and I mean it, Derek, I’m out of school, I’m as much of a legal, consenting adult as you are; get your ass over here and fucking
Stiles’ thumb scrolled through some photos before landing on one from the last gig Stiles played, back during winter break when they drove down to Phoenix, Arizona. The guys were backstage with Castiel leaning on the arm of a couch, heavily slouched over Dean’s shoulder, a lazy grin on his face. Dean had an arm around Castiel, his other raised in the air, fingers folded to form horns while he stuck his tongue out at the camera, the stud in his tongue glinting under the flash of the camera. Stiles was twirling a drumstick in one hand, motion blurred in the photo, with his electric blue hair spiked. Sam’s head was thrown back, laughing at either Dean or Gabriel probably had said, sitting next to his brother. Gabriel was on an opposite armchair, leaning back with a piece of candy sticking out of his mouth, smirk clear on his expression.
,” Stiles complained. “You cannot be serious right now.” He started to walk away, heading towards the kitchen where everyone had suddenly gotten much more quiet than before. He stopped, sparing one more look at Derek, “You do not get to make a big deal about something as stupid as sharing shirts.”
“Honestly?” Lydia asked. “Somewhat. Then I remember how much we have done, how much we have seen, and it feels silly to be scared of moving across the country and becoming a person where no one has heard the name Lydia Martin before.”
“Get your ass down here,” Stiles yelled back, grinning when Derek’s frown deepened. Good, so he did hear him. “Boyd, if you don’t drag his ass down here, I’m taking Erica home with me.”
As they set up their gear for a second night in a row, Crowley looked towards the empty club. “No puppies this time?”
“Holy shit,” he muttered. Derek opened his message. He frowned, checking his snap stories and seeing he hadn’t shared it there.
Stiles leaning easily back against the bar, hands tucked into his pockets, “Maybe we will,” he smirked back, “Thanks for the tip.” Stiles nodded as the guy winked before turning and walking out with his own friends. Stiles rolled his neck before turning back to face his friends. “You guys in?”
Gabriel laughed, but snapped the photo anyway. Stiles eagerly looked at the image, the graffitied wall of the basement a sharp contrast to Stiles’ bright shirt and made up face. He added a quick caption –
He flipped the camera mode to face himself, tilted the lens so only the top of his eyes and forehead were visible, adding the caption:
“You going to tell me why I’m spending my afternoon eating ice cream and cuddling with you?” Erica asked, scoop of ice cream in her hand, one questioning eyebrow raised.
After spending the start of the summer working at the book store with Jess before joining Dean and Cas for a couple shows near the tail end, he was just as surprised as Sam when they were back in town barely an hour when a package arrived for him at their new address, only to pull out another aged text, pages lined in handwritten Latin.
“That was with only five-hours notice,” Dean had commented, pounding fists with Derek in celebration. “Hell yeah!” He hopped back onto the stage, grabbing Cas in a celebratory kiss before punching a fist in the air. Cas grinned happily at the show, finishing tuning up his guitar before placing it on the stand beside his amp.
“We’re leaving after tonight’s show,” Stiles added. “Heading out to Portland, so why don’t you tell the wolves to untwist their panties and grow the hell up.”
“Why weren’t you there, then, Cas?” Dean choked out. “If you were alive – if Jack brought you back – then couldn’t you have…” He gestured with his hands, at a loss for words. A few come to him. “Couldn’t you have come home?” Cas shuffled, like he wanted to look away, but he didn’t tear his eyes away from Dean’s.
“Yeah, of course, Cas,” he said, swallowing down his shaking nerves to settle in his gut, because there was nothing else he could do. Was he supposed to still be nervous? He was in Heaven, after all. It was supposed to be perfect, right? Or was it just another life, full of confusion and missteps and shit? He couldn’t think about that. Instead, he shouldered past Cas, who was holding the door open, and walked into the little house.
“So you think my death was your fault?” Cas said, his voice inquiring. Dean met his intense gaze. “Dean, I chose to do that. I made that deal for Jack’s life, and I fulfilled it for yours. You taught me that love was the only holy thing, Dean, and I was happy to die for love.” The word love was like two gunshots in Dean’s chest.
In that moment, hanging in the nothingness, Dean Winchester decidedly did not face the fact that ever since Cas – ever since the Empty had taken him – ever since what he’d… Well, since then, he’d been swallowing down just immense amounts of destructive feelings. He decidedly looked away from the fact that he’d been running cases on autopilot and that the only thing that had made him happy lately was a fucking dog. He refused to acknowledge the fact that maybe… maybe he’d been less careful than he could have, and maybe it wasn’t totally by accident. He thoroughly did not think about those things as his mind melted into the nothingness.
“Hey, no problem, Cas,” he replied, voice hoarse, trying to crack a smile. “I only wish I’d said it sooner, y’know? Before we both got old and snuffed it.”
After a moment, sitting in the parked car, Dean asked, “So how’d you get in my car, if you’ve lost all your mojo?”
“No, Dean,” Cas answered, walking past him. “And take your shoes off, you’ll get dirt on the rugs.” Dean’s gaze shot down to the floor, and sure enough, Cas’s shoes were off, and he was just plodding into his house with holey white socks on. He’d even hung his trench coat by the door. Dean wasn’t sure if he’d ever seen Cas with his shoes off before. Shit, what did that say about their relationship? He kicked off his boots and chewed on the inside of his cheek, mulling it over, before following Cas the rest of the way into the room, shutting the door behind him.
“I could show you my home, if you’d let me,” Cas offered. “For a little while. You don’t have to be alone on the road while you wait for Sam to live a long and happy life.” Dean hesitated, palms sweaty where they were tucked under his armpits. That dandelion in that patch of grass seemed real interesting, but he peeled his eyes away to look back at Cas.
“Is Jack here?” he asked, stepping into the cozy front room of the house. The walls were lined with unpainted shiplap, and there were two squashy chairs and a sofa with the seats sunk in deep. Stairs led to an unknown upstairs, and there were a couple doorways he could look into. It was a living space that could be described as cramped, but also comfortable.
“You don’t have to tell me anything,” Cas replied, matter-of-factly. “I don’t expect anything out of you that you can’t give me.” His voice quavered on the last few words. “I told you, what I want, I can’t have. And that’s alright. The love that I have for you, Dean, it doesn’t need an answer.” Another wound ripping through Dean’s core.
“I’m saying that I’m almost as human as you are,” Cas replied, moving his shoulders almost in a facsimile of a shrug. “I can’t come and go as I wish. I live here, with Jack when he chooses to be corporeal. I was…” He hesitated, and when he spoke again his voice was rougher than usual, almost quivering. “I was pained to see you die, so soon after you had averted the apocalypse. I was not eager to see you come so soon after me.”
“For a little while,” Dean repeated. If the dead needed to breathe, Dean was in real trouble. Heavenly air was catching in his throat like barbs. In the back of his head, a crying Castiel echoed the same three words over and over again, a record skipping on repeat. Dean had never seen Cas cry like that before. Maybe that meant something. “Sure,” he finally said. “Why the hell not? Sammy’s got all the time in the world and so do I.”
“You can come in, Dean,” Cas intoned, and Dean spooked a little. Somehow, caught in his reverie, staring at the dusty pink loveseat, he had missed Cas walking past him and opening the door to the cottage. He was standing inside, now, expectantly. Dean felt like an idiot, just standing there.
“You passed it on your way here,” Cas informed him. “The cottage with the green shingles.” Dean thought on that, racked his brain, before coming upon the right image. The little rustic cabin he’d passed earlier while he was simply hoping to see Cas along the road. Before he’d started praying. Not begging, just praying. Maybe Jack-God (wow, that was weird to think about still) had answered his unconscious wish by having him pass the cabin by, or something. If he’d gone and explored some Heaven houses, maybe he’d have had a dramatic moment with Cas or something, standing on his stoop looking down at him or up at him, like he had so long ago. Shit. The moment had passed him by.
Cas nodded, his face unreadable in such a quintessentially Cas way that it made Dean almost want to cry. Almost. He got back into the car, this time in the passenger seat instead of his customary spot in the back. Dean, after a moment’s pause, followed suit.
“Cas, you dumb sonovabitch, would you listen to me?” Dean’s voice was harsh. It was the only way he knew. “I’m trying to tell you that what you want… you can have it.” The words hung between them in the air. Cas blinked. “You could’ve had me a long time ago,” Dean tacked on, voice melting.
“What you didn’t give me a chance to say before you shoved me into a wall and got absorbed in some dumb sacrificial act I would have pulled.” Dean shuffled his socked feet on the floor of his room. “I’m trying to tell you that I…” He choked on the words one last time, dug his nails further into his palms, and spat them out. “That I love you too, man.”
Cas pulled back, but didn’t unwrap himself from Dean. He looked into his eyes, blue to green, as they stood hip to hip.
“Yeah, well, maybe my life sucked without you in it,” he snapped, voice hard. “Maybe I was going through the motions, okay?” He stood, and Cas’s hand slipped off his shoulder. “I tried, Cas, okay? I tried to have a life. I adopted a damn dog. I applied for jobs. I hunted with Sam. I tried. But you know what? When it came down to it, you were gone.” His voice rang out in the room, hollow, sore sounding. Cas didn’t flinch at his anger.
“Dean…” he said instead, his voice lingering over the sounds in the way only Cas’s voice could. Dean shook his head and pushed through.
Dean sighed and waited as he drove for the sound of feathers in the back seat, a familiar gravelly voice, something to make him want to swerve off the road. Time stretched out, treacly and long, and the road seemed to stretch on forever. Finally, finally, a familiar sound behind him. Dean couldn’t turn around, or even bring his eyes to the rear view mirror, in case it was an auditory hallucination. Did they have auditory hallucinations in Heaven? Dean was pretty sure those post-purgatory sightings were grief induced hallucinations but he’d never wanted to meaningfully address that, and if they’d continued into Heaven that just seemed unfair, and incredibly cruel, and he was going to have to find Jack and have words with him about that.
When Dean saw his Baby, nostalgic and almost new with her old plates on her, his fingers tingled. Bobby had said that time was different up here, and Dean could feel that, as he sat down in the car seat. It felt slow and fast at once, like molasses and lightning, combining and moving over his skin. He felt like he could spend a thousand years in a day up here, or speed through time in an instant. Instead of dwelling on either, he gunned the engine and just drove. Dean had always loved to drive. Something about this driving though – knowing that Cas was out there, in Heaven, had him feeling like it was seven years ago, fresh out of Purgatory, seeing Cas everywhere when he wasn’t anywhere until suddenly he was. Driving and driving, he desperately wanted to see Cas along the side of the road, for reasons that he still couldn’t quite name after nearly twelve years.
Waking up after dying, it wasn’t like waking up after sleep. Dean didn’t gasp awake, clutching his chest, mouth fish-gaping, some half-forgotten nightmare chasing itself out his throat. No, he simply wasn’t, until he was. And miracle of all miracles, there was Bobby, his Bobby. Dean swallowed down his disappointment that Cas was not there to meet him, but only briefly. The things Bobby told Dean made his dead breath catch in his throat. Did the dead still need to breathe?
Cas’s mouth melted into a smile, and then he pressed in, pushing his mouth against Dean’s. Fuck. He was kissing Dean. They were kissing. Oh god. Dean froze momentarily in the blind panic of the moment, before leaning into it, into Cas’s soft mouth. Wow, that felt good. If the dead needed to breathe, he was screwed, because he was losing all his breath against Cas’s mouth. It seemed to go on for hours and yet only an instant when Cas pulled away.
It wasn’t just that Heaven had been reconstructed, reformed, that the people he’d lost along the way were around any corner, no – it was that Cas, somehow, miraculously, had helped Jack with the architecture. A smile cracked upward on Dean’s face at that. So Jack had pulled Cas out of the Empty after all. Still the thought echoed around his head as he pressed his lips to the cool bottle of beer – if Cas was alive again, and in Heaven thanks to Jack, why hadn’t he come to meet Dean? Maybe Dean had been right about Cas, that he couldn’t feel the way Dean felt, that his words, his final words that gave him happiness, couldn’t have been meant in the way they seemed. That thought tasted like ashes in Dean’s mouth, but he swallowed it down.
“I’m afraid that is no longer an option for me,” Cas admitted. Dean furrowed his brow. “When the Empty came for me and I died, I didn’t die as an angel.” He shoved his hands in his pockets, an uncharacteristically human gesture. “The nature of my essence had been changing for a long time – and when the Empty took me, it found that I had, against all logic, grown a human soul.” At that, Dean gulped. Was that even possible? Cas continued, “I died, Dean, for you, but the Empty spit me out up here. I’m not an angel anymore, though I haven’t lost all the qualities of one, exactly.”
“Yes, Dean, he comes around.” Cas grimaced in a way that was so painfully Castiel, in a way Dean had missed without knowing he’d missed it, since Cas had been gone. “He is not always corporeal, but he chooses to be. He has a room upstairs. As do I.” Cas let a pregnant pause hang in the air. “As do you,” he finally added. Dean, who was trying to take a mouthful of the very bad coffee, choked on said mouthful at that. He swallowed it down roughly.
anymore—The Holy Year had been the best for humanity. Petty human problems such as disease and pollution were cleaned up and the nasty human conflicts immediately ended because who the hell wanted to argue with beings that literally crashed to Earth and didn't bat an eye about it? Those who had no faith before The Crash had flocked to churches in order to repent for their ignorance and the religious had fallen to their knees to worship the gods among mere mortals.
“I could smite them, but the wards need to be erased before I can enter the home where I suspect the coven is.” Castiel explained when the two of them were beside the Impala and apparently angels have super hearing—but that shouldn’t have been much of a surprise.
"Yeah, I know that." Dean shot back then nodded toward the front of the store where Sam was huddled over the telephone. "Samantha wanted to call Jess. So, we'll chill until he's done unless you want to leave and have some private time with your churchy B.F.F. or whatever."
History would forever mark that day as The Crash and, yeah, history really needed to come up with cooler, more original names for shit. The more faithful people would mark The Crash as the day that God blessed the Earth and other shittier religious people would probably mark it as the day they finally had the chance to say told you so to all the non-believers out there. But the Winchester household would always mark it as the day that some celestial asshole crashed into their house and burned it, along with Mary Winchester inside, to the ground.
“I think we should definitely check it out.” Sam agreed and glanced at Castiel. “Do you want to come in with us? If you’re uncomfortable with the sulfur, you can stay out here while we scope it out.”
“Both Sam and Jessica assured me that they accept you no matter what your sexual preference may be and I didn’t sense any deceit from either of them.” In true Castiel fashion, he cocked his head to the side and squinted. “Sam also seemed very proud of the fact that you choose to sleep with both sexes rather than try to hide your attraction to men despite the stigma that society’s placed on it. You’re very brave for that. I know that humans can be very…” He trailed off and tried to find a polite way to say what he wanted to.
“You told us so. Yeah, we get it.” Dean groused and then shot Castiel a glare. “And skilled warrior, my ass,” he snorted. “You used to watch us from up on high, remember?”
“Do you have to do that?” Dean snapped. Castiel sent him a perplexed look and Dean waved toward his body with a scowl. “Can you wear a damn bell around your neck or something? You’ll give someone a heart attack if you keep popping up behind them.”
“There is quite a bit that the bible isn’t correct about.” He commented. “Father doesn’t care about who you love so much as you love, similar to how he doesn’t care about premarital sex. Take Dean, for example.” He looked over to Dean who tensed up at the mention of his name. “His soul won’t be sent to hell merely because he has had premarital sex on many occasions or because he is bisexual.”
Castiel prodded at some touchy issues that Dean avoided at unless he absolutely had to. John Winchester was an idol for Dean, but the man had his flaws and all that his oldest son wanted from him was acceptance, but it never happened. John doted on Sam, but he was a total hard ass on Dean and it would’ve been a hell of a lot worse if he found out that Dean took it up the ass from time to time. Fuck, there was no doubt that he would’ve kicked Dean out of the house if he ever found out. It sucked, but that was how it was.
The immediate week after the witch hunt had been pretty hard on those who were in and close to the Winchester household and Castiel was to blame for that. No one could relax when Castiel could pop in the room with them or interrupt a conversation at any moment. And it didn’t help that Dean and Sam didn’t have any hunts, so, unlike Jessica who could escape from the tense atmosphere with work, they were around the angel most of the time.
If he was bothered at the jab at his species, he didn’t let it show. “I’ll accompany you on this hunt.” It wasn’t that much of a surprise, but it didn’t help Dean’s mood. “As I’ve told you before, I’m trying to make this as easy as possible for you and your family, so I’ve decided not to ride in the car with you because my presence puts you both on edge. Also, I find vehicles very confining, slow, and overall uncomfortable.”
“I don’t know.” Dean groaned angrily and rubbed his hand over his face. “Maybe we can check the church out some more. The dude looked after us, but we didn’t know that much about his personal life, so who the hell knows? Maybe he knew some shit that a demon didn’t want him to know?”
"Dude, you can't walk up to a bunch of suspected witches and tell them you're professional hunters. Either they'll clam up and lie or they'll try to kill you." Dean shot back.
Castiel remained in the center of the kitchen and almost seemed sheepish as the humans stared him down. No one spoke for a few minutes and then it was Jessica to actually help him settle in because she was a better person than them and neither Sam nor Dean could stand to be in the same room as someone who had, essentially, been sent to invade their lives.
Castiel would be in bed, how he could hold Dean down with his pinky, probably. He shouldn’t have found that so fucking hot, but then again, he did have some serious issues. What Winchester didn’t?
Someone cleared their throat and both men turned to look at Jessica who seemed a little concerned about the air in the room. “Hey,” she said carefully. “How’d the job at the church work out?”
"Sell my soul to a demon to learn a few tricks to one-up the angels?" Dean scoffed from behind the wheel and shook his head. "No thanks, Bobby. Pass that on to Pastor Jim, too. Don't want him to waste his breath," he said with a scowl.
God, he sounded like Sam the moment he and Jessica started to date. All the kid could do for a week was talk about how cute Jessica was when she did this or how adorable she was when she did that. Dean was happy for him, but Jesus, he wasn’t sure how he didn’t end up with diabetes after that week.
Six minutes into the song, Castiel commented on the music with, “This is a very beautiful song.” Dean craned his head to look over his shoulder at the angel, but his blue eyes were focused on the windshield of the car rather than him. “I wished they would’ve allowed you to keep music. It’s always amazed me how you’ve been able to use it as a way to express yourselves.” He said wistfully.
Dean bit down on his lower lip to hold back the bark of laughter and instead chuckled lowly. “Hey, at least you’re better than your pals, yeah?” He noticed how Castiel certainly sobered up and looked past Dean, not really focusing on anything. “Do those pals of yours need you?” he asked.
"These mud monkeys are more disrespectful than the others." The bulkier of the two sneered. "Usually, we're bowed to when we appear."
“I don’t question the orders, Dean. I follow them.” Now, rather than offended, he looked pissed. “No one would ever make a decision like that unless our Father commanded it. If you value your life, you’ll never make an accusation like that ever again. I should report you for saying something so blasphemous.”
Castiel must’ve sensed how emotional Dean had become because his expression softened. “Of course I can, Dean.” He murmured. “When someone is marked for hell, there is a…stain on their soul. I can see yours and, if I’m allowed to be honest, it’s one of the most beautiful souls I have ever seen. It’s radiant and righteous and is in no way darkened. It is a little fractured, but you haven’t had the easiest life.”
“I will be.” Castiel answered after a few tense beats. Dean reeled back from his embrace and stared at his friend in confusion. “I rebelled, Dean. I…I can’t feel it yet, but soon I’ll start to fall. Once I’ve fallen completely, I’ll be a human.”
“Um,” Dean cleared his throat. The dude was spot on. “Sam’s just been high maintenance this past week. He’s like that after a bad case. It’s nothing about…” He trailed off when he noticed how Castiel looked unimpressed with his lies and coughed awkwardly. “Yeah, I’m just gonna shut up now.”
“Oh, I know about Azazel.” Zachariah had the nerve to tilt his head up a little and stare down at them. “I’ve known about him the whole time, Castiel. Azazel was the demon John Winchester sold his soul to.” He then looked between Sam and Dean. “So, boys, you must’ve made one hell of a deal not to sell your souls. What’s Azazel’s plan, hmm? What does he want from you?”
“Maybe if you’re a prude or a scientist or some shit,” Dean pinched the bridge of his nose, but he was still grinning. “People call it sex nowadays…or they say fucking. That too,” he added then his nose scrunched up. “Sorry, man, didn’t mean to cuss in front of you. I should stop doing that, huh? I’ll end up downstairs if I don’t.”
On the road with Castiel, Dean often had to ask himself who was more of a nerd, Sam or Castiel. Sure, the dude was a total badass on hunts and if he had use for money, he’d offer Castiel a cut, too, because he took care of the spookies most of the time with little help from Dean. But he also went crazy over the littlest shit. Like, once, when they were on the hunt for a wendigo, a couple of bees wouldn’t leave Dean alone and he wasn’t allergic, sure, but he didn’t want to get stung, so he swatted at them. When Castiel looked so offended and then went on a
There was a shared look between the two before they vanished from sight, the only sound being the rustle of their invisible wings.
Dean never knew the name of the demon his father sold his soul to, only knew the hellhound that came to rip his father apart piece-by-piece when his ten years were up. And the only scrap of information that Dean could hassle out of John was that it had yellow eyes and that was about it. John purposely told no one about the exact date his deal would be up, so when they were on a hunt for some spook, he stumbled away into the woods and by the time Dean heard the screams, it was too late.
“No need for the hostility, Dean-oh.” The demon shot back coolly. “I’m here to strike a deal with you, of course. Someone has to fill the shoes your daddy left behind and Pastor Jimbo wasn’t exactly fit for the job.” He started to walk toward them. “I don’t care who does it. Oh, you could both make a deal and get twice the secrets, though. And it doesn’t hurt one bit. Not until your decade is up, but, hey, it’s for the best, right?”
"The priest said he would provide food." Castiel repeated as he followed Dean down an aisle. "There's no need for you to purchase food."
And then Jessica had a streak of late shifts and it seemed like the perfect time for him to head out to the club. But Castiel would always show up after a meet-n’-greet with Zachariah and those happened a whole lot more lately and they never left him happy and, well, shit, how could he let Castiel wallow in misery while Dean went out to find someone to stick a dick in his ass? It seemed unfair, especially since the dude admitted that he saw Dean as a friend which he probably didn’t have a lot of anymore—except Uriel which Dean would never understand how he saw that prick as a
To travel, a person needed both special permission to do so and some bank to back it up. So, most of the time, the people who traveled across the nation were members of the church. Now, there were some people, such as professional hunters, who had the chance to do it from time to time, but since motels were nonexistent, hunters had to find people to hole up with. Professional was a loose term when it came to people like Dean, but there were some hunters out there that earned the title and when they needed a place to stay, it was with church officials. As stated before, Dean was an unprofessional hunter and hated to keep with people of the church because most of them were pompous and loved to hear themselves talk. So, when they had the chance, they holed up with some other hunters or friends of the friends and if there wasn’t anyone around that they knew then they camped out.
"Pastor says that you won't have to sell your soul." Bobby shot back calmly despite the obvious hostility in Dean's voice. "They already have enough intel to take out the angels. But people are losing their nerve now that your old man is dead and the Pastor says it'll boost morale if you show up."
It should’ve dawned on someone that shit would hit the fan sooner rather than later. Their lives had been too nice and Dean, of all people, should’ve realized that fact sooner. He should’ve braced for the crash that was bound to happen. God, he should’ve warned Sam to hold onto Jessica a little bit more and maybe he would’ve actually went to the bar and found some nice body to curl up with one last time, even if there was a ninety percent chance he’s blurt out Castiel’s name in the middle of it, because it was bound to happen. It was the Winchester curse. Happy never ever lasted with them.
The woman choked out a sob and ducked her head between her knees. Dean patted her hand that was still clenched around his sleeve before he withdrew from her grip and stood up to turn and face the two men that had walked into the room with him. Sam looked down at Elizabeth for a few seconds and Dean knew that Sam must’ve overheard his conversation with Elizabeth. Yeah, she dabbled with witchcraft, but Tammi had manipulated her into it probably.
The response Dean received was extremely exasperated. “I’m not naïve. I know that they’re copulating.” And Dean, who hadn’t expected that at all, tried to tighten a pipe with a little too much force and sent his hand back into his face. Castiel must’ve heard the noise, but he either didn’t care or figured that Dean would be okay. “I just didn’t think it would take so long for them to finish. The women here are very kind, yes, but I don’t have, what you call,
Dean rubbed his forehead and released a frustrated breath. “What’s up with the new wardrobe?” Because he swore that Castiel hadn’t been in a tan trench coat with a backward blue tie before he vanished from the kitchen table earlier.
There wasn’t much that he could say to her that would make her feel better. Sure, she had avoided death, unlike her friends, but her soul was still marked for hell. “Make the most of your life.” That seemed to be the only piece of advice he could offer her.
Honestly, Dean hated to hear this same bullshit that everyone tied in with the angels spewed, but he was way too tired to even bother with an argument. “Yeah, whatever you say, man.” But he did have a problem with how Castiel seemed to roll over for his superiors. He seemed like he really cared about humans, but he was too naïve if he believed the crap he told Dean about the bigger picture.
"Way too early to put up with this," Jessica murmured under her breath before she cleared her throat and both Dean and Castiel turned to look at her. "Castiel, do you want me to make you a cup of coffee before we go to mass?" She asked politely.
It was once the Winchesters were prepared to hit the road and Sam had left a note for Jessica that told her they were on their usual monster of the week hunt—Dean was shocked there weren’t little hearts scribbled on the paper—that Castiel appeared. Because, apparently, it had become a new trend to leave him alone to interact with the angel, Sam darted out the front door and went to pack up the car while Castiel scrutinized them.
Hunts picked up, but with Castiel on their side, it only took one brother to take care of them. Bobby was involved sometimes, yeah, but most of the time, Dean opted to take the hunts instead and split the money between everyone. Bobby was like a father to Dean and he would never say it out loud to Bobby, but the older man was getting up there in years and he should spend his golden years with Ellen and Jo. Hunters never have much in the way of a lifespan, so Dean would let him stay as safe as possible. And as for Sam, he had a wedding to plan with Jessica and Dean wanted them to have their time with each other. Both of them deserved it.
No one knew when the demons started to show up on Earth, but one day, public service announcements popped up and informed citizens that, should they ever learn about a demon's presence, they should either contact a professional hunter (like Dean, Sam, and Bobby), a church, or an angel if they're near one. From what Dean learned over the years, demons and angels had this intense hatred for each other and, no matter how much he swore they had some hidden agenda, people trusted demons enough to take information from them about the angels. People must've assumed that since demons didn't rule the world—
“Can I tell you something if you promise not to tell another soul?” Castiel suddenly asked while his head was tilted upward and focused on the starry skies above them.
“We’ll be sure to let our archbishop know about how nice you were to us.” Dean commented as the two of them stepped past the threshold into the main hall.
“Sam!” Dean screamed and wrapped an arm around his brother’s taller form. “Sammy, we have to leave! We have to let the police handle it! I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m sorry.” He repeated over and over as he forced his little brother out of the room and out of the house while he thrashed in Dean’s arms. “Goddamn it. I’m so sorry, Sam. I’m so goddamn sorry.” He choked out.
The other man blinked in surprise. “Oh. Okay then.” He mumbled and awkwardly shuffled over to the barstool to take a seat. Then, he looked at Dean expectantly. “Is this better?”
Renee scurried ahead of them and glanced over her shoulder to smile politely. “If you don’t mind, I want to let my book club know about what’s going on.” She didn’t wait for their response and both Sam and Dean shared a look. It was more than obvious that whatever the witches were up to, they preferred to do it in the comfort of a living room.
Dean spotted another woman on her knees in front of a coffee table and he immediately noticed the black cloth thrown over the table with a familiar pentagram in the middle. The woman, with olive skin and dark hair, lifted her eyes which flicked black as they connected with Dean’s and a smug smirk stretched across her face.
“So, he thinks our problem is the witchy kind,” Dean explained to his brother and nodded toward Castiel who remained a short distance from them as the trio exited the store and to the Impala.
"Oh, God," Dean moaned and, while one hand reached to take the pie, slid an arm around her shoulders. "I did tell you that you are way too awesome for my little brother, didn't I?" He kissed the side of her head. "You're the best, Jess. How'd you score this?"
. All he could think about after Castiel left was how awesome it would be if he used Dean to vent some of that stress, just shoved him over the back of the couch and pounded into him. Or they could head up to his bedroom and Dean would bet that Castiel could keep him pinned down with one hand, push his face into the mattress and give it to him rough, just the way Dean loved it. He bet that Castiel would be able to hit that sweet spot with every thrust. And, of fucking course, he wondered after that how huge Castiel’s cock was. Who the hell could try to hook up with someone else when all they could think about was how much they wanted some angel to fuck them?
Before Dean darted inside after his brother, he looked up toward the window to the room that Sam and Jessica shared. There, in the window, was the shape of a woman. Before flames cascaded up and swallowed up the intruder, he saw the woman look down at him, but couldn’t see any more details before she disappeared. A second later, that window exploded.
“Your soul is marked for heaven. Foul language isn’t going to threaten that, Dean.” Castiel shot back and looked at Dean as if he was a dumbass because he actually believed that.
, Cas?” he shook his head in disbelief. “No, dude, look…” He rubbed his forehead and sighed in frustration. “It’s
“Technically it was my sweet daughter behind you that did it.” The yellow-eyed demon pointed out and Dean looked over his shoulder at the female demon who merely winked at him. “We needed your attention and it’s not like I can kill your daddy twice.” Dean’s head snapped around at that and the demon moved his head back and forth. “Okay, it was
What the hell were you supposed to say to that? What could someone possibly say to an angel when that celestial being admitted that the reason he decided falling from the good graces of heaven was totally worth it because he believed in
from the rest. Dean couldn’t help but feel a burst of warmth in his chest when he thought about how lucky he was have Castiel on his side.
When they pulled back onto the street, some of the tension bled away from Sam's shoulders. And since it was his duty as an older brother to know as much about Sam as possible, he knew the brunet itched to see his bride-to-be. So, being the awesome big brother that he was, Dean made sure to press down on the pedal a little harder. It wasn't like there was a police officer to pull him over. No one ever caused trouble anymore because there was always some religious nut to pray and bring down the real law enforcement.
“Thank you.” Castiel muttered as he stepped over the charred ring. “I think it would be best for you to leave before Azazel decides to return.” He looked down at the floor, clearly disturbed. “I need to leave. I have to speak with Zachariah immediately and inform him about this.”
Dean forced himself down the staircase toward the kitchen where food and unmade coffee would be. He had a feeling that the happy couple would be in bed until the latest possible moment, so he was on his own for breakfast and pork chops sounded pretty damn okay.
It could've been because of that wound, but Castiel looked pained at the news and, for a second, it seemed like he was about to cry. After a few silent seconds, though, he put on that same determined expression he wore back in the church. “Then it is even more important to protect the people she loved most.”
So, over the next couple of days, he just rested. If there was a hunt, Sam and Bobby took care of it instead since they knew he was probably exhausted from all the hunts. Really, it was only a hassle to drive around for hours at a time since, as said before, Castiel did most of the work now. And, plus, he really needed to spend time with Jessica since he felt like he never really saw her anymore except in passing. So, it was obvious that he wouldn’t have time to hit up a club.
Sam was a lot more pliable than Dean expected, but he was pretty sure that was the shock that had started to set in. Well, he would use whatever he could to make his little brother move into the old house. Castiel had already went inside to start putting up the wards and Dean was more than a little worried because those were supposed to keep angels out. What would happen to an angel inside them? He would make sure to ask Castiel about it later.
"I'm confused." Castiel spoke up and the two men looked toward the backseat at him. "Why don't you tell the witches that you're both professional hunters? Why would you lie to them?"
So, usually when the lull in hunts happened, both of them would take on odd jobs around Lawrence. Since their father had to do the same, they had learned a lot about repair from him and that was usually the type of jobs that they took on. If Sam was lucky, he would help out at a school or help out at a library. And if Dean was lucky, he would fix cars for either the archbishop or one of the wealthier Lawrence citizens. More often than not, though, they ended up doing repair at the church. Since the church was so old, it needed a lot of repair and, honestly, he tried to figure out why the hell they hadn’t hired someone on for fulltime repair. He also wanted to know how the hell they knew when Dean had a break in between hunts because they always called him at the exact time when he was low on cash.
Meanwhile, Dean was kind of creeped out. "So, you sat around in the clouds and...watched us?" It was hard to picture some dude up in heaven who watched the whole world. "Why would you care about what we did? Don't angels think we're the worst since we messed up God's whole plan?"
Fuck their lives. They had just walked into a trap. But, hey, at least they had some holy water and he was almost positive that it could act as a holy oil douser.
Still, Dean found that he liked to hunt with Castiel. He had these little quirks that made Dean smile. He would taste some stuff that Dean ate on the road at secret stops he and the family had come to know over the years and would make a face because “it tastes like molecules. That isn’t pleasant, Dean.” Of course there was the whole head tilt and squint thing he did when he was confused by some human habit or whatever. Also, when Dean made some reference to modern culture, Castiel had a habit of looking exasperated and saying, “I don’t understand that reference.”
“Mary Winchester,” Dean didn’t turn to stare at Castiel, but he could feel him shift beside him. “I haven’t seen her soul personally, but, yes, I’m sure it is very beautiful in its own way.” He turned to look at Castiel who then smiled fondly. “But I think I would still prefer yours.”
Dean and Castiel looked between one another, but let Sam do his work. Dean always did say that Sam was the brains of the operation and there was a reason for that. Dean had his moments now and then, but Sam figured crap out a hell of lot quicker than Dean ever could. He’d never believe it when Sam or Jessica or Bobby or even Castiel lately told him that he was smarter because he wasn’t. Not compared to everyone else.
Castiel looked uneasy about the new topic. “You want to hear that she was cleared of her crime, don’t you?” The dude wasn’t completely clueless about human behavior, after all. “I’m sorry, Dean, but Elizabeth
Garrisons were stationed across the world, policed humans to make sure they were as holy as possible, and when people rioted...well, the riots never lasted that long. Dean had been ten and he remembered how he covered Sam's eyes when scenes of all the bloodshed and violence and bright angelic lights splashed across every station on the television.
, Dean let his eyes sweep over what was in his line of vision. Despite what Castiel had told them, there didn’t appear to be any kind of wards to keep an angel outside—unless the wards were invisible. Dean didn’t think the witches would have that kind of power, but the demon that they sold their souls to probably did. Still, how the hell was he supposed to take down wards that he couldn’t see?
Renee received a double dose of the ol’ Winchester charm when the two both smiled at her. “Hi there,” Sam spoke up for them both. “I’m Sam and this is my brother Dean and, well, this is a little embarrassing—” he rubbed the back of his neck in false modesty. “See, we were on our way to the capital and we ended up lost. We passed by your house, saw a whole bunch of people, and assumed that someone could…help us out?”
“I’ll wait here.” Dean spoke up while both Renee and Sam started to walk ahead. She raised a brow at him and he smirked back at her. “Trust me on this, sweetheart, you’ll catch diabetes if you listen to him talk with his
Castiel frowned at the explanation. "I don't understand. Yes, some officials are paid more than others, but there shouldn't be that much of a class difference." Concern was written across his face. "Humans should be equal with one another. That would help quicken peace between you. That was our mission."
And for a second there, Dean believed that Castiel looked even more troubled, but then his face went blank. “I’m a soldier now. What we do is for the betterment of mankind.” That line had been rehearsed, no doubt about it.
“I need to see that.” Castiel said urgently and literally snatched the jar from Sam who blinked in shock. The dark-haired man examined the contents of the jar before he looked up at them, panicked. “This is holy oil.”
"We know John Winchester led a resistance movement here in Lawrence." Zachariah started in a chatty manner. "But what we don't know is if you two are involved in your father's work or not." He stared at them and looked too smug while he did it. "So, Castiel," he clapped said angel, who winced, on the shoulder, "will stay with you two until he can confirm that you are or aren't involved...or if you know people who are."
Dean had no reason why he felt bad for the angel, but he did, and he cleared his throat. "That's pretty cool, man." He rubbed the back of his neck. "So, you really like us humans, don't you?"
“Okay.” Sam stepped between the two of them, probably so he could stop Dean from running his mouth much more. “Dude, he just saved our asses. Can you stow your crap for a second and thank him?” He turned back to Castiel. “You’re right. We should’ve listened to you.”
Sam was out of the Impala before it even parked and Dean almost wanted to launch himself out of the door rather than take the time to do it himself. He could hear his little brother scream for Jessica as he scrambled into the front door and Dean had to breathe through his sudden panic. He could remember how his father had told him to hold onto Sam while he ran inside the house and little four-year-old Dean had been so terrified no one would come back out. Turned out, it had just been one parent to make it back out.
Dean fully expected there to be more supernatural throws to the wall because the dude didn’t seem like the one to take no for an answer, but he merely hummed and smirked darkly at them—a trait, Dean noticed, that ran in the demonic family. “I can appreciate your spirit, kids.” He winked. “But I’m pretty sure you’ll come around sooner or later, so you know how to find me.”
The angel’s frown deepened and he looked away from Dean. “It’s been some time since I’ve been able to sit and observe the Earth. I understand that my human etiquette is…severely lacking.” And he actually looked like he was about to cry because he had such a hard time fitting in with humans.
It didn’t take that much time for Dean to finish up his work on the sink and the two of them kept quiet until Dean stood back up and peered around the room. There was a picture up on the wall, one that someone would expect to see in a church. It was a cliché one that depicted what heaven looked like—blue skies, white clouds, and a cloud staircase that led up to a bright light. It seemed pretty lame to Dean, but he couldn’t help but look at Castiel and ask, “Dude, is that really what heaven looks like?” He pointed to the picture.
Castiel, on the other hand, wasn’t aware of this because, when Dean and Sam stopped at a store for some supplies, he appeared in the middle of the aisle and, after Dean recovered from his near heart attack, informed them that a priest would house them for the duration of their hunt. The two would’ve been fine to sleep in the Impala since the weather was decent enough and they’d had worse before, but Castiel had no idea and made preparations ahead of time for them. As nice as the sentiment was, Dean didn't appreciate it and, okay, he may have been a little bitter about the earlier threat, too. Sam decided to prove he was the better brother and thanked Castiel.
rant about how important the bees were in the scheme of the world, Dean would’ve rather shoved his head into a beehive than listen to another word about bees. He was shocked that Castiel hadn’t just dropped everything and stripped naked then skip through the forest with all the cute and cuddly animals and bees.
It was around the two month mark of Castiel in the house that everyone learned to accept his presence and was finally comfortable to have him around. Rather than awkwardly dance around him in the kitchen, Jessica actively tried to involve him with their daily routines or conversations. And it dawned on Sam at some point or another that Castiel had been alive since pretty much the dawn of time and, since Sam was the nerdiest nerd to ever nerd, he asked the angel a lot of questions about history or about how the world worked or whatever topic he came up with that day. To Dean’s shock, Castiel actually enjoyed the conversations, loved to talk about humanity and their history. Jessica and Dean teased them both to no end, but, hell, he learned a lot when he eavesdropped every now and then.
,” Dean could practically hear the quotation marks, “both men and women and assumed that you had an interest for both sexes. Was that wrong of me to assume?”
"Dean, if you don't shut up, I'll tie you to a chair and make you watch me eat that last slice of pie." Jessica warned, but he didn't take the threat to heart and maybe she sensed that because she poked her head around the corner, eyes narrowed. "I'll do it, Dean Winchester, and I won't even feel remotely bad about making a grown man cry."
Once Sam and Bobby made it back home and Jessica returned to her day shifts, Dean never had another chance to make it to the bar.
Oh, God, he knew what it meant. There was no chance that Jessica could make it out alive. It wasn’t just the smoke that put tears in his eyes the moment he sprinted into their house. Sam continued to scream for Jessica, but Dean knew that it was too late. Fuck, fuck, fuck…he couldn’t lose Sam, either.
In no time at all, they arrived at the old Winchester home that had been rebuilt a year or two after Mary died—Dean could never remember the exact date, just knew that he had been little when he went back home and that he cried a lot because his mother wasn't there to tuck him in anymore. The new house had been consolation for their house, but it'd made John even more upset than before because that was all they got for the loss of Mary's life—a
"The Archbishop came into the hospital today because he thought he was having a heart attack and he said I was so sweet that he wanted to treat me and my family." The blonde informed as she snatched the pie away from him. "And we," she stressed the word and motioned around to the three of them, "are going to enjoy it after we eat dinner. You're not hogging the whole thing, Dean."
Castiel showed no interest to answer that question, but Uriel was still upset about Dean's mouth and went ahead and answered. "We know your father was involved with a resistance movement in this area. We know this," he drawled, "because your father is in hell and they can hear his screams even in heaven. So, would you like to correct your story or is a daeva still responsible?"
The moment the Impala pulled up in front of the Winchester home, Castiel disappeared from the backseat. Sam looked over at his older brother, confused, and Dean wasn’t too far behind him. From the near twenty-four hours that he had been around them, Castiel proved that he needed some work in the whole watch humans suspected of treason department. Either that or he wanted to test them and see what they did when they believed he wasn’t around them and it was a test that Dean could pass since neither of them had secrets to hide—well, secrets of their own that weren’t their father’s.
Dean sighed and rubbed the back of his neck. “Uh, it’s a nickname. Most of the time, people use them with friends, but sometimes we use them when people have complicated names that we don’t feel like saying. Castiel is kind of a mouthful, but if you don’t like Cas, then I can—”
“You are a very kind man, Dean.” Castiel observed with a small smile that actually made warmth rise in Dean’s cheeks. “You barely knew Elizabeth and, as I understand, you already had a poor disposition toward witches to begin with yet you’re still concerned about her fate. That is very considerate of you.”
“We didn’t know…” Elizabeth repeated in a whisper. She paused and then reached out to grab his sleeve, pleading for him to lie when she asked, “Did we really…
Whoever murdered Pastor Jim had moved his body to the old church that he used to preach at and if that wasn’t the straw that broke the camel’s back. Dean would
Dean couldn’t help but scoff at his brother, but rather than make any more smartass remarks, he turned around and headed into the room where Elizabeth had run into earlier. When he spotted her ducked beside the shattered window, he ran a hand through his hair and walked over to crouch down in front of her. There were tears running down her cheeks and quiet sobs wracked her body.
“I…” And the dark-haired man actually looked scared for a second. Then, he exhaled loudly and said, “I never wanted to be a warrior.” He paused and then tried to explain what he meant more clearly. “Like I’ve told you before, I used to watch the Earth and I loved it. I’ve watched you stumble and crawl and somehow, you come out stronger than before despite all the devastation and destruction. It amazed me.” And by
“Shut up.” Dean shouted. “Our father was an obsessed bastard. You don’t dump the kinda crap he put on us on your kids. I loved that man, but I swore I’d never make the same mistakes he did. And don’t you ever pull my mom into this shit." Dean had
And, of course, rather than help them, Bobby would be occupied with a different hunt that another Kansas hunter, Rufus Turner, needed help with—an okami, he thinks Sam told him, but he hadn’t heard much after Bobby won’t be with us. Whether he believed it or not, Dean knew Bobby better than that and knew that he wanted to partner up with Rufus so the two of them could gossip like the little old ladies they were. Briefly, Dean pondered the idea of calling Bobby and complaining, but Ellen would answer the phone first and then lecture him for a solid hour about how much pressure her husband was under with the resistance and that if he wanted to hunt with a friend then Dean would have to shut the hell up about it, so he didn’t even bother to act on that stupid impulse.
When the two men were at the front door, Sam tapped on the wood a few times while Dean watched the window closest to them. A woman opened the curtain to peek out at them and he sent her a flirtatious smirk to which she appeared panicked and shuffled away from the window. Neither of them could hear what happened on the other side of the door, but it took a few minutes before someone greeted them.
And here the biggest thing Dean thought he would have to worry about was the fact that he had just made out with an angel of the Lord who he may or may not have started having feelings for and the fact that his little brother’s fiancée had just been murdered probably by a demon.
Castiel smiled a little dry smile. “I’m sorry. I keep upsetting you, don’t I?” Dean shrugged, but didn’t say anything in response. It made Castiel sigh quietly. “As you’d most likely say, my people skills suck.”
"You know we have to call him, Dean. Just shut up and do it." Sam shouted from the bedroom where he was changing last minute since Jessica deemed both his and Dean's attire inappropriate for church—especially when they would be in the presence of an angel. Sometimes, with Jessica, is was more like having a mother than a sister. Dean had already changed, but apparently it took a sasquatch more time than someone normal to change.
“I…don’t know.” Castiel answered just as slowly. “I’ve never actually seen Father before. I’m not sure anyone has except for a chosen few.” Dean made a sour face and his companion went on the defense. “Do you have some sort of issue with that?”
There was a sudden hiss of pain that came from Uriel and Castiel suddenly darted past Dean and Sam with that same silver blade in his hand. Dean quickly looked over his shoulder and watched Uriel press his hand over a slice in his stomach that actually bled light. Zachariah straightened up and started to stalk toward them, very visibly pissed off, so Dean did what he did best and aimed his shotgun at the commanding angel. It wouldn’t hurt them, but, hell, maybe it could slow them down. Sam followed his lead and the both of them continued to shoot at both Uriel and Zachariah while they backed up to meet Castiel at the podium.
And then they just…left. They vanished and no one moved for a few moments, as if they would pop back in the church and torture everyone until someone made a deal, but the church remained emptied of all demons. Dean slowly inched toward the ring of holy fire and tossed his flask of holy water onto the circle.
When the eldest Winchester padded out into the main hall, there was no sign that anyone else was up, so he assumed that Sam and Jessica needed their own sweet time to crawl out of bed. More often than not, Jessica had to be one of the first to the hospital when it opened after the mass at ten ended and, as one of the best nurses, she spent most of her Sunday there. And since there had been such a spike in supernatural activity recently, the newly engaged couple rarely saw one another.
Then, Castiel turned his head to look at Dean head-on and since when the hell did Castiel look so damn pretty? Pretty enough that Dean had to hold back the urge to reach up and run his thumb across the bottom of those luscious pink lips? “Thank you, Dean. That means very much to me.” He mumbled and Dean almost hadn’t heard it because he was so focused on how those lips moved. There was another surge of warmth that spread throughout his body and it wasn’t exactly affection nor did it spread in his chest. “You’re a very good friend.” He must’ve realized what he said and it took Dean to process it himself since he never expected Castiel to admit he saw Dean as an actual friend. The angel immediately balked and fumbled to say, “I didn’t mean to assume—I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said that to you.”
It took him another few minutes, but finally he was able to stop crying long enough to say, “You don’t have to say sorry, Cas. None of this is your fault.” He laughed with as much bitterness as he had. “You should be happy you can’t feel this…
That almost nonchalant statement made Dean’s head spin around to face Castiel so fast that he was shocked it didn’t snap. He almost expected Castiel to take back what he said and tell Dean he was headed for hell. “Heaven?” it felt like there was a lump in his throat. “I’m going to heaven? You can tell that?” Sure, there were worse people out there than Dean, but he had expected hell was where he was headed when he died. Unlike Sam or Jessica, Dean wasn’t…good. Or, at least it felt that way to him. There were a trail of broken hearts behind him, he had lied to people who didn’t deserve that, had a lot of hate in his heart, and didn’t have much faith in heaven or God as a whole. That didn’t seem like heaven material to him.
rather than doing actual work. When he heard the signature whoosh of wings, he was wiping some oil off his hands with an old rag and turned so that he could face Castiel.
played, neither of them said a word to each other. The only sound in the garage, aside from the music, was the occasional tinkering of Dean messing with the Impala.
, but I believe that Gabriel shone the brightest. It seemed like with the archangels, they stood above the rest of us, but him…he cared about his younger siblings—me, included. I…if angels could love, then I definitely loved him.”
comment made heat rise to his cheeks. He rubbed the back of his neck and cleared his throat. “Aren’t you supposed to, y’know, keep that a secret?”
to stop with the whole Houdini act.” Castiel’s face scrunched up in confusion and Dean groaned. “We’ve been over this before. Humans aren’t used to someone popping up in the room any time they want to, and the same goes for disappearing in the middle of a conversation, too. If you want us to be more comfortable around you, you have to act
The other man scrutinized Dean for a second before he nodded. “I apologize for scaring you.” He paused. “I’ll attempt to make my presence known better next time.”
“Jeez, Cas, you may want to wipe that look off your face. Someone would say that you don’t want to meet up with Zach.” Castiel actually shot Dean a harsh look and Dean actually let out a loud laugh that echoed throughout the house. “Sorry about that, dude. Have fun.”
“I think he’s gone out and travelled on hunts with him, not much older than dad.” She thought about it.
“Now, I know you have finals right after Thanksgiving,” John started, and Stiles hummed his confirmation, “but I was thinking we could fly you back for Christmas, ring in the New Year, and catch a flight back right before classes start up again.”
For a second, Stiles wondered if Derek remembered his birthday was coming up, but then he remembered that the guy was the
“Well, I hope to share my thanks with you later,” Crowley grinned, nodding his head as he held up his shot. He looked expectantly at Stiles, snapping a looping video of the two of them for his Instagram as they downed the whiskey quickly.
“Well aren’t you hot stuff,” Crowley remarked with a smirk, drinking from his own water where he sat next to Stiles. “Can never keep your shirt on, can you?”
Stiles laughed, throwing his head back with grin. “Fuck, snapchat got nothing on being with you guys.”
They all laughed, but Stiles knew his fidgeting and need to move was grating on them. He flicked through different social apps on his phone before he finally lit the end of one of the joints, taking a deep hit. For all the care Cas took into making sure they didn’t get blitzed before a gig, Gabriel had a knack for always finding strains that would get you fucked up before you realized it and then it was too late. At least he was able to make those joints last longer, only taking two hits before he stubbed the end out.
Turns out the guy at the door, who was probably his roommate, was in a similar situation. The guy tapped at his phone screen, ending the call with whoever
“Mostly out of the business, unless Dean needs help. My Latin’s the best in the family.” Sam grinned.
“And do what? Show up on my dad’s door?” Dean let out a bitter laugh. “No way, baby, I do not need that bullshit. I got you, the stage, and the open road.”
was he going to give up any of the gigs, getting to enjoy a full summer of uninterrupted shows and performances. Still, he was reminded why he liked being part of the group: at the end of the day, they were friends, practically family and cared more about how they were doing than how much money they could make.
“Uh huh,” Stiles waited for his dad to finish. “That sounds great, it really does, dad, but—” A groan of frustration cut him off “—we already have contracts pre-paid and signed for December. The guy in Phoenix with the two bars wants us back, two shows this time. One on our way out to Louisiana and one on the way back. Got a couple days in a row with Benny this year.”
“Crowley came down,” Castiel pushed on his tuner pedal, picking at the strings on his guitar as he finetuned them. Stiles had done more shows with Crowley than he had without. The guy didn’t belong to any one band, playing with most any punk or alt groups, known for hosting killer jam sessions at his place in Portland. He could play guitar and bass, conveniently switching between the instruments depending on the gig.
(He really wished he hadn’t had to call his dad to get Dean out of a 24-hour holding cell because the man still hadn’t let it go and it had been almost a year.)
Before John could say much more, Isaac grabbed a bag from where it sat on the bar, interrupting them, “You want to talk specifics?”
“I’m taking that as a compliment, for one,” Stiles rolled his eyes, “and secondly, I don’t see what the big deal is. I see you, I talk to Scott, I make Dean’s List, I’ve maintained my academic scholarship every year so far. I earned my fun.”
the flowers looked and they were so charmed to receive a drink that had so much care and thought put into it.
“I found someone to tend my bar, thank you,” Crowley smirked, running a hand through his own mess of hair before slinging his guitar over his shoulder. “It’s really a remarkable town you have here, Stiles.”
“Oh yeah. Older brother.” Sam tossed the bag on his shoulder onto the ground in front of the bed on the opposite side of the room from where Stiles stood. “You?”
“Nobody likes sleeping in jeans,” Sam offered as a reasoning at his confusion. “Your shirt had vomit on it, too.”
He was packing up one of his duffel bags, throwing clothes in haphazardly. He was planning on packing light for school, anyway, having already figured he’d be taking plenty of trips back home and it wasn’t like the weather was going to shift too drastically while he was away. Unlike Lydia, who had taken her acceptance into MIT as an excuse to purchase an entire winter wardrobe fit for the Northeast.  His dad knocked on his doorframe, door open but alerting Stiles to his presence anyway.
“It was stupid to bait a feral omega into the woods. It was stupid to try and take down vengeful hunters on your own. It was stupid to—”
Cas to demonstrate the sexual undertones in the song’s lyrics. In his defense they all thought the dressed-up cops were dancers from the strip.)
– before sending it off to several of the pack members. Erica replied quickly, having added several fire emojis around her head, a big grin on her face. A second came through from Scott, his brow knitted in confusion but a thumbs up and
It was easy for Stiles to forget about the box of books when all of these other deadlines were looming. And the note didn’t actually ask for him to translate, so Stiles figured he could totally say he thought they were a present and not a task if anyone asked.
Castiel pulled Dean up from where he sat with a stretch of his arms, “We should stretch out before going back on stage.”
“Yep. So does being blackout drunk.” Sam continued, tugging at the blanket Stiles was wrapped under. “C’mon, drink some water, Jess dropped off some aspirin this morning before she headed to work.”
“Sleep tight,” Stiles called out, ending the call. He cleaned up with the towel he had used, pulling bottoms on just as Dean and Cas stumbled through the front door. When they noticed the flush still apparent on his torso, Dean gave him a high five and a wink before falling into their own bed.
With the amount of teaching Sam had done, and the amount of translating Stiles had to practice, he didn’t bother asking the guy for help for these ones. Both of them had semester-end projects coming up, then finals, and Stiles knew Sam was interviewing for internships and studying extra for the LSATs. Him and Jess had already told Dean they weren’t going to be around much that summer, and Stiles was thankful Jess spent so much time pre-planning their tours for that year. He meant it when he told Jess he was going to consider his work like an internship, giving it his all, because he really did need the work experience and he was glad to be doing it for something he loved.
“I know,” Derek conceded, “Lydia’s yelled at me enough for it. Practically everyone has had a word with me about it.”
“Bless you both.” Stiles grumbled, resurfacing with eyes barely squinted open to retrieve the offered items. After taking a second swig of the water, he stretched out his limbs and looked down.
since he first met Derek, and he was tired of playing stupid about it. Enough near-death encounters and he finally decided he was done playing the willfully ignorant damsel.
“I’m not the one who stayed away, kid. You could’ve been eating one of these every summer, every holiday—”
“And sexless. Don’t forget sexless,” Crowley called back, high-fiving Stiles when he jumped back onto the stage. Stiles laughed back, throwing his wet shirt over his shoulder and picking up the pieces of his packed drum set.
“Hell no, Gabriel’s like another brother.” Stiles snapped back. “He’s the one who taught me how to make all those cookies you guys eat up every Christmas.”
, which left Stiles to completely run their socials and local marketing. Him and Jess had calls at least every other week to review the impacts on their online presence and after gigs, tracking venues which would have a high likelihood of having them come back, if they didn’t ask for them first. On the off chance he wasn’t driving, Gabriel behind the wheel, or on a rare day off, Stiles spent the time drafting different marketing proposals, demonstrating what kind of packages they could do with venues to assist in their promotion of the gigs for an additional fee on top of their regular contract, with evidence of what the expected turnaround in revenue could be expected to be.
“You have fun?” Derek asked cautiously, turning his attention away from Stiles as he looked around the crowd.
“Not so fast,” John grabbed Stiles’ arm as he turned around. He glanced up at the clock, “Looks like it’s lunch time and I
Castiel complimented Crowley’s chords when he started strumming again, adding a different distortion effect this time. Dean swung the cord from the mic as he moved across the stage, bending down and leaning into the crowd as he yelled and belted the words from the song that had queued up.
Before they had played their last show for the weekend, Castiel and Gabriel had taken Stiles into the city to finally pick up his own vape pen and cartridges. Cas had waved off his thanks, stating his own when he got to tuck his pen away back into his own pocket.
“Go to sleep, your phone can wait until morning,” Castiel stood up with a stretch, arching his back as he reached up high, “Let us know what you think then.”
“Just thinking, that lease on that house ends and come June, you’re going to need a home.” John shrugged.
Stiles had stayed relatively quiet during the ride, fingers twitching where they tapped out rhythms against his denim-covered knees, closing his eyes and reliving the last couple of hours as best he could. He had finally looked up after they had been seated with menus and waters covering the table. He turned to Jess and Sam, “Did you guys catch any of that on your phones?”
Stiles leaned against the sink while he called Derek back, noticing the missed call happened less than ten minutes ago.
Stiles pulled on the rest of his clothes, turning to eye himself. It was pretty standard, and cheap to replace considering how much he sweated during shows and the unexplainable stains he usually found when everything dried. Plain, white tee, neckline deep enough he sometimes joked to himself that Derek’s uncle would even be jealous. He saved his black denim for shows, with the rips in the knees from one-too-many tumbles for shows, knowing they were comfortable enough for playing and tight enough his ass always looked good. He threw on his boots, same pair he wore when he made his way into town, and pulled some converted safety pins through the black tunnels he wore in his stretched lobes.
Stiles was pacing around the living room in the rebuilt Hale house. He had been staring at Derek, eyes piercing, as he rambled, not letting Derek stop him from getting this out. He had been ignoring what seemed like the most obvious
In the time that he had spent watching the room, Stiles had noticed Derek walk over to him. He mirrored Stiles’ position, half turned towards Stiles and half to the open room.
“Dean, too.” Sam reached around and grabbed a second bag from the doorway that he was dropped when on the phone. “Got pulled into a job and is not happy that I flew in instead of letting him drive me.”
“He’s here,” Erica nodded her head, looking up towards one of the higher platforms in the building. Stiles leaned back, following her eye gaze to catch what she was looking at. Derek noticed them, probably heard Erica give away his hiding spot, and frowned back at them.
“Big mean Latin books.” Stiles muttered, resting his head down again. “No good grumpy werewolves need translations. Can’t show you guys, though. No, no, no. Even if you know Latin better than me.” He looked back up at Sam, “Hey! Sam! Can you do me a favor? I need you to teach me Latin.”
“Oh, good, so you remember that you are supposed to be the adult, here, right? And that I was also an adult when shit hit the fan?” Stiles added. “Looking back, I probably would have kicked my ass out too, because desperation is not a good look, but shit, man.” Stiles sighed. “You didn’t have to lead me on for years and then completely ghost me.”
“Man, he’s not that much older than us.” Sam rolled his eyes, “He lives by the skin of his teeth, floating from place to place, never putting roots down beyond Cas.”
Stiles pulled out his phone, navigating to Jess’s personal page and clicking through the stories she had posted. There were some wide shots of the crowd, close ups of Dean and Cas, and one where Stiles was reaming it out on the drums in the back.
Dean barked out another laugh, hand looped through Cas’s belt loops. “Funniest joke I’ve heard all year.” He rolled his eyes, grabbed Stiles close again, kissing the side of his face before pulling Cas back into the crowd.
could take over the live coverage while he played. She didn’t think this gig would blow up the way it was – none of them had – and when Sam reminded her Stiles was from the area, she all but begged him to make sure they got footage.
“Nope. Nope, nope, nope.” Stiles shook his head. “We are not having this conversation. We are going back to the station, I am driving to meet up with Cas and Dean, and after I color my hair hot fucking pink, I’m going to go bang my brains out on the drums.” He looked up at dad, “You got a problem with that?”
“You’re the first person to actually make it a whole year on tour with us,” Dean looked over to Cas for confirmation, who nodded. “We never expected you to stay on and never take a break.”
“I wouldn’t dream of it, Stilinski.” Jess frowned, pausing to look at Sam carefully for one more second before leaving the bathroom.
It felt like hours had passed by the time Sam dragged Stiles back to their room. He had spit up onto his shirt and Sam sighed. He had changed his dad, and brother, enough times after they passed out, he didn’t think twice about switching Stiles out of his dirty shirt and into something clean. Stiles had fallen onto his bed, belly first, and when Sam pulled the shirt away, Jess and him both stared at the raised abrasions crossing over Stiles back.
Looking back, bringing a Latin bestiary to translate on his downtime during his first year of college was probably not the smartest move, but it helped him and Sam break the ice. Knowing each other knew more than a skeptic about the supernatural allowed them to actually get to know each other without trying to hide their pasts. Stiles didn’t realize how hard that was going to be until he tried to make friends with their other floormates that year. It sucked then, but now, here he was, living a life not being dictated by the things that went bump in the night; instead, he got to direct his course. Even if that course was without direction.
Scott and Allison were already there, standing out on the porch, Scott grinning wide when he realized Stiles was in the car with them. They clapped each other on the back in greeting, Stiles giving Allison a brief hug before they moved to make their way into the home. Stiles paused, looking over at Erica. She rolled her eyes playfully, shoving him forward before closing the door behind them. Stiles noticed Isaac sitting at the kitchen island when they walked in, talking to Lydia who was sitting opposite him. She looked up when the commotion of everyone else entering filled the space, standing when she caught sight of Stiles.
“Sheriff!” Dean yelled out from the stage. He had left the amp he was using as a seat, leaning on the bent arm of the microphone stand, a hand tugging Castiel close. “Just the man I wanted to see!”
“Wouldn’t be the first time we had a genderbend performance.” Dean remarked from where he sat on the floor.
Twice in one month, and Stiles was headed to a shop with Dean, Cas and Sam. The first time, Dean was explaining how to start stretching his lobes after Stiles finally broached the topic. He had the tapers in his ears, slowly moving between the sizes like the professional had advised. This time around, they were headed to a local place that only did tattoos, with Dean having already drawn out the design on a piece of paper for the guy.
He took a seat at his own desk with a sigh. Sam had a point, though. It didn’t want to be some weirdo groupie. For all that he had seen back in Beacon Hills, Dean was this completely different type of guy. Hard, brash, mean looking, especially when he wore his lip ring and had his hair all spiked up and wore more punk than foreman clothes. But then he spoke, or was around Cas, and melted into a freaking teddy bear. He had as much pride in Sam as Stiles’ dad had in him, and could be as rough as he needed to get what he wanted, but was nothing but nice to Stiles.
Stiles had climbed into his jeep, driven back home, and made it up the stairs and into his bed without a word. He felt like his body was buzzing under his skin, itching to do something, but frozen in shock, replaying the moment of Derek shutting the door in his face over, and over, and over.
As he was clearing his notifications on Instagram – a couple dozen new followers since Crowley tagged him – Stiles’ phone buzzed with a new text from Erica:
Lydia laid back down with a huff, “I’m not whispering around a set of wolves that will hear us anyway, Stiles. Don’t play dumb, it’s not cute.”
He smirked, blowing smoke to the side, “Someone’s gotta remind the world not to fuck with Team Human.”
Stiles ignored the two, pushing past to give Jess a hug. “You’ve made us into stars,” he mumbled against her hair.
“History,” Sam looked up from the last book he pulled out, “but I want to get into law school after.”
Stiles watched his friends let out a breath he hadn’t realize they’d be holding. Scott clapped him on the shoulder before moving to the oven where a couple pizzas had apparently been cooking. Isaac was talking about what movie they wanted to watch, whereas Boyd was arguing that they should try and finish their marathon of Marvel films first. Erica leaned over, hugging Stiles tight.
(Besides the time when they were just outside of Vegas, when Dean used his microphone, Castiel’s guitar,
Dean stood up, untangling himself from Castiel as he walked over to Chris. “Let’s get one thing straight, here. I may be a Winchester, and I may have a track record for taking out ghosts and ghouls, but I am not just going to roll over and
Stiles grinned, leaning back in his seat, listening to his dad intently while eating his way through a second order of fries. Maybe things were going to get better.
Dean and Castiel didn’t push the subject further—for all the tightlipped conversations they’d been met with over the years, nothing ever escalated despite the threats laid out for them. Dean pulled Stiles into a tight hug before pulling his bag out to tug on some clothes. Castiel retrieved a new cartridge for the vape pen he’d been sharing with Stiles, replacing it before handing it back over. Crowley leaned back on the bed, head against the wall above the pillows. He looked over at Stiles with a smirk, “What ever will we do now?”
“Hell yeah they did,” Dean grinned. “Jess is going to take over our management. First step is overhauling the social media.”
stop staring and actually kiss you, finally, thank you very fucking much, except, apparently you read the signals all wrong.
Stiles rolled his eyes, “C’mon, Derek, you don’t want to live up to your name, now do you? Come have some fun.” Stiles glanced down at the banner poised in the middle of his upper arm before walking away. “Be there or be square!” he yelled back.
“There was a situation, and we needed the book translated to take care of it.” Derek freely commented. “I didn’t think we were going to need it when I sent them out, and then we did, but there wasn’t a way to let you know that things had changed.”
“You’ve got to be fucking kidding me.” He stared down at his phone, glaring at the map to show him any other area. He fired off a text to Dean:
“You know, Stiles,” John leaned back against the doorframe, “You’ve been spending a lot of time with Erica this summer. You ready for what’s going to happen, you living so many hours away soon?”
The first time it happened, Stiles almost couldn’t stop laughing. A family of trolls were mad because they felt Dean was turning their youngest into a delinquent with their lewd performance and attempts at outing the existing of the paranormal to the mainstream.
“Clearly not.” Stiles shot back, “You’re not going to shame me for the shit I do. Or did. Whatever. You want to get to know me, and what I’ve been doing since I left? That’s going to be part of it, so keep your jealousy on lockdown.”
“You can see the stage from the streets. No way are they gonna let us do our regular set.” Dean leaned back in his seat, frowning.
“What?” Derek asked, looking at Stiles in confusion. “No, those are for you. I want you to keep them.”
Cas leaned back, eyeing his handiwork and adding more smudges to one eye to even out the look. “Is it? Sam travels with us, and he travels home. I will travel with Gabriel back home. But you never do.”
Erica had insisted they host an afterparty in the loft, and Isaac and Boyd knew better than to argue with her once she had an idea. Crowley had slinked off of the stage after they packed up, saying he had some business to take care before he joined them. Stiles was pretty sure Dean and Cas were finishing up backstage while he unassembled his kit. Thankfully, Crowley had helped roll up the cables before he left.
“You weren’t so bad yourself,” Dean’s voice rang out as he and Cas walked into the room, both grabbing waters from the table. Stiles barely noticed the change in their clothes, zippers half down and hair even more blown out than before. Him and Sam had become so desensitized to their fucking he barely acknowledged a change anymore. “You were kicking ass out in that crowd.”
“I’m calling it my never-ending-and-never-paying internship, for the record.” Stiles grumbled. Gabriel’s sharp laugh was the only encouragement Stiles needed: he was definitely keeping it on his resume, now.
“No, I took out the feral omega who caught the scent of the Alpha on me and decided the best way to get in on the hierarchy was by attacking
“I’m still doing the socials and marketing,” Stiles added, “And after how well the year’s been, we’re going to start actually paying me and Jess for the work.” Derek grinned back at Stiles’ excitement.
“Definitely, c’mon, man,” Stiles nodded, leading Isaac to the front of the stage. “Most of our marketing is color-distorted and heavy vectors, which is why we like the crowd-perspective from phones.” Isaac nodded, pulling out his phone and taking a couple practice shots from different angles, assessing the quick compositions. Stiles pulled himself back onto the stage, lending out a hand to tug Isaac up. “We don’t feature anyone besides these two,” he nodded to where Cas was strumming on his guitar, pressing between different guitar pedals, with Dean nodding his head to the tune. “Traveling band, and all. But if this gig is sold out like Derek said, a couple crowd shots, from behind us could be good for us and the venue.”
“That’s not the worst thing, you know.” Stiles replied, “Dean and Sam lived on the road, traveling with their dad from the backseat of that damn car of his. His dad has only recently broken down and gotten a home with a real foundation. Sam’s the outlier in that family.”
“Thanks for the payment,” Isaac grinned, pulling out the forgotten phone without delay. “Shit’s been blowing up, man.”
Chris nodded, considering the information. “Be careful, and try to remember that this land has been peaceful territory for the last three years. If something was to change that, for as naïve a reason as it may have been—”
Watching the crowd empty out of the club, doing the same practiced routine of packing up their equipment, Stiles looked up. Erica and Boyd were still at the bar, talking to Derek as he cleaned up from behind the counter. He hastily finished repacking his kit before jumping down from the stage, ignoring the questioning look Crowley gave him as he made his way across the open floor.
“Correct,” Castiel added, giving Dean a squeeze across his shoulders as he stood to join them. “We will be back for three more shows next week, and the week thereafter.”
Erica continued to look on with a shrug, “Nothing, you’ve just really grown up while you were gone, Ivy.” She grinned at the name.
“There’s a difference in wanting to know your own family’s history and reviving a dead language just for the fun of it.” Gabriel scoffed.
“And I’ve told you, being a Sheriff shouldn’t be the only thing stopping that boy from dropping trout on stage.”
“It made it easier, didn’t it?” Stiles offered up, “People already had this idea about who we were, so we didn’t have to care what they thought while we ran around in the woods. Yeah, you had to keep up appearances, but that’s easier than telling everyone the truth.”
This time, Derek nodded his head without comment. They stood there, quietly watching the room, the light on the end of Stiles’ joint burning bright when he took a hit, but otherwise remaining unseen in the poorly lit space. Standing near the front door wasn’t the smartest move, Stiles realized, when Crowley walked in and immediately spotted him. He took the joint from Stiles, took a hit of his own before passing it back for Stiles to rub out the end against a brick before pocketing the roach. “I know you can party better than
,” Erica’s voice yelled through the broken line, “I’m calling to tell you this as your friend, because I know you’re not actually this dumb, you have a goddamn
?” When Stiles shoved against his shoulder, he laughed. “You just told me you’re staying in town and planning to cut down on the time spent on the road. I’m not arguing with you.”
“You still saw me! You came to Palo Alto, and I was here last May, too.” Stiles rolled his eyes, “You’re blowing this out of proportion.”
“Hell yeah,” Stiles dropped his bag to the floor beside his desk. “I’m going to swing by and pick up Erica along the way. Meet you there?”
When he left the bathroom, Gabriel tossed a pair of drumsticks to Stiles. He caught them easily enough, shoving one into his back pocket and twirling the other with his hand with a grin. He had met Castiel’s older brother when they all grabbed dinner earlier, laughing at the way the guy got under Castiel’s skin. It reminded him of the way he used to rib Scott. He wondered what his best friend would think if he saw him. Stiles tossed his phone back at Gabe, his snapchat app already pulled up, “C’mon, man, if this is my debut and curtain call, we gotta document it.”
Chris eyed him warily before turning his attention to Dean. “As I’m sure you’re aware, your stint in this town has caused a bit of a stir.”
“What, because there’s more people coming through town, or because the wolves are trying to make sense of their own shit?” Stiles called out. “Since when do they send a hunter for their bartering, anyway? We aren’t good enough for Derek or his second?”
Stiles’ eyes narrowed as he listened, “Pretty sure you had my number, man. And email. And if you didn’t have the balls to let me know, you know I was still talking to Scott on the regular.”
Derek shook his head, but turned his head when Stiles took a couple deep breaths before pocketing the pen. He watched Stiles for a moment, and Stiles recognized the face immediately, one of Derek’s signature
“Hey!” Stiles shouted as his dad walked out and down the hallway. “Girls can be friends with guys without having sex! It’s the twenty-first century, dad!” His dad’s mocking grumbles were distantly heard as John continued back into the living room, the sound of his keys being taken off the hook by the door punctuating his movements.
Stiles grinned, leaning back against the wall, with his body half tilted towards Derek’s. When Derek let go of his wrist, Stiles grabbed hold of his side, pulling their bodies closer together. He looked up at Derek, nearly level with each other, his grin turning feral the longer they stared at each other. Sense memory was a bitch, even with the crossfade he had going on, and Stiles felt a sense of déjà vu when Derek’s breath ghosted over his mouth like it had four years prior.
you were out in the crowd. He wouldn’t have tried to suck Cas off if he knew there was an officer of the law in the building.”
“I agree.” She stopped, pulling a flask out of her back pocket, “Which is why I liberated my own stash.”
Erica rolled her eyes, “No, he takes this bartending thing seriously and only pours out what he thinks we’ll be able to handle.”
Stiles shrugged, “Do this shit again and I don’t make any promises.” She rolled her eyes when Stiles stuck his tongue out at her, but grinned before moving away.
. Stiles rolled his eyes, laughing at the wink Crowley sent his way. He moved away from the bar, pointedly ignoring the look Derek gave him as his eyes flitted from one to the other.
“The crowd loves it! I can’t control Dean’s sex drive! Something about the limelight gets those two going, especially when Cas is shredding on his axe.” Stiles shrugged, “Ticket sales always boom after one of their stunts anyway.”
“I’m sure Derek loved that.” Stiles dropped his head to rest on his arms where they sat folded on the counter.
Turns out, Jungle was looking to expand beyond their regular clientele and was testing out live bands that summer. Stiles didn’t think the club kid scene would ever go out of style, but they wanted to try and be
Benny played several instruments, having jumped in as drummer before Stiles joined the group, primarily using different string instruments nowadays. Stiles didn’t think a banjo could be used to play hard, thrashing music, but then again, Benny could make almost any instrument do what he wanted the second his fingers touched it. He wondered if it was a vampire thing, or something uniquely
“Oh, hell no. I was told there’d be pizza and movies. I am getting my pizza and movies.” He grinned wide, “Just know that I am onto your asses.”
“You guys know what these shows usually end up like, right?” Stiles questioned, eyeing his friends carefully.
The new contract was signed, all the band members happily paid out before they stepped back onto the stage the next night. Jess and Sam were still down south, but she promised to make the trip up to see the venue in person before their residency was over. She connected with Isaac, drafting a written contract for him to shoot more shows for them, too.
Turns out, Stiles was the only one shocked about the recent developments between him and Derek. Dean had practically thrown him over the bar when Stiles mentioned he was going to hang back and wait for Derek to close up after their second night back at Jungle, yelling at him to finally
“You promise you’re not a crimefighting superhero in your free time?” Erica questioned, eyeing Stiles with a sharpened stare.
They had taken a cab out of the city and to the diner near where Dean and Cas were staying. The next morning, Dean and Cas were checking out and hitting the road again, but for the time being, Sam, Jess and Stiles were going to crash with them before driving back to campus. Gabriel parted ways with them back in the city, saying he already had his own digs for the night. Dean whistled while Cas rolled his eyes, waving his brother goodbye before they had piled into their ride, Dean shifting so Cas sat on his lap, leaving Stiles trying not to crush Jess from where she was pressed against the window. Sam sat up front, bless his long limbs, and distracted the driver before he could say much more about the seating arrangements.
Jess laughed, shaking her head, “That’s all you guys.” She sat back against the bed next to where Stiles had left his bag open. “June’s almost completely booked up.”
Surprisingly, it wasn’t all wolves, which helped ease some of his nerves. Helped it to feel more like a routine gig. Erica had shared the plans with several people out in the crowd, and the word spread as quickly as it had the last time they threw a rave in the building.
Castiel had held Dean’s gaze through it all, but Stiles was watching carefully from behind his kit. With a quick nod, Castiel had cut the chords in rapid succession, Stiles matching the pattern with every hit of his snare. The song ended, and Dean fell with his back to the ground, head tilted backwards so he saw the crowd upside down, a laughing grin adorning his features.
They were pretty far into a second film when Stiles felt his phone buzzing. It was nearing midnight and he opened the messages from Dean, asking if he needed a knight in shining leather to come save the day. Stiles laughed at the thought before typing back:
Stiles turned back to Cas and Dean, watching as Cas pushed Dean’s back further into the stretching pose he had put himself in. He looked up at the ceiling before huffing another deep breath.
It’s not like he came out here tonight with the plan to completely shatter whatever idea of normalcy they had gotten for themselves, but Stiles was damned if he wasn’t going to at least try and make a point that just because he was gone didn’t mean he wasn’t still on top of his shit.
Stiles laughed, swiping a scoop of dough out of the forgotten bowl when Gabriel was turned, “I’d like to see you try.”
Dean hadn’t been happy when Sam filled Jess in on their family business, claiming that he had only been in school barely three months, but when a girl asks about the weird tattoo you have and you forget things like
“Whoa, dad, stop while you’re ahead,” Stiles shook his head, “She’s like, my best friend after Scott. No way is that a thing. Besides, Boyd and her have been an item since forever.”
“You know, for as close as you say pack is, you haven’t left campus once.” Sam questioned. He and Stiles sat along a bar of stools facing a glass window in a local coffee shop, sipping at their warm drinks. Finals were starting soon and then it was winter break. Sam had already let the housing board know he wasn’t leaving over break, and had confirmed continued use of the dorm room. Stiles wondered if he could get away with staying back, too.
Crowley laughed, reciprocating the touch from Stiles and letting himself be pulled back into the room. Stiles could feel himself being watched as he resumed dancing, but he was not looking back over, and he was not looking over to see where Boyd and Erica had gone off to. Just because Derek was finally responding to him, did not mean he was going to clammer for the reciprocation he practically begged for the first time around.
Stiles breathed out, eyes watching Derek carefully. He was telling him to go, but kept stepping closer, neither breaking eye contact. He had played this game with Derek in the past and for once he wasn’t going to be the first to give in.
Stiles wondered if he ended up getting cursed during one of their quick pass throughs on the road. At least that would make sense.
Stiles would say the biggest surprise of the holiday was Derek driving down to celebrate with them, but Sam proposing to Jess took the cake.
related. He didn’t get a late-night shot of Scott shoving Derek’s guts back into his stomach or anything. Or a close up of a wolfsbane flower in an attempt at being artistic. He got the same kind of shit most college kids sent each other, and it was so easy to forget his friends liked to howl at the moon.
“No.” Stiles shot him down, hopping off the table quickly before joining the throng of people, quickly finding Erica among the mass of bodies.
“I’m just saying, Derek, something’s gotta give, you know? We’ve literally been through hell and back and that has to mean something—”
“Just dad and me.” Stiles commented. “Called into work last minute, feels very upset to be missing this
“What do you mean we’re playing upstairs?” Dean questioned, looking at the printed flyer in his hand. Cas looked at it over his shoulder from where they sat together in Sam and Stiles’ living room.
Stiles was stumped. He didn’t have a quick, clean answer for that. It was a dozen reasons, and then again, none at all. And he sure as hell didn’t have the brain power to properly figure out his thoughts right then and there.
“You sound like my brother.” Sam grinned, “Says he hated it so bad he left early and got his GED so wouldn’t have to suffer one more day listening to the man.”
They never sent him snaps of the preserve, or the house they frequented in the woods, even though he knew they were spending just as much time there as their own homes. Three years later, and he was still marking the dates for full moons every month in every calendar he’s ever had. Just in case.
They talked the manager into staying, and got him to take several photos for them. The whole group in front of the wall like Stiles’ first photo, then just the guys up on stage, and one final shot with Sam, Jess and Stiles squeezed together.
“Cas has been telling me all about this sweet town,” Gabriel commented, looking out into the open club from where he stood on the stage, “But now I have to see if it really lives up to his word.”
“You’re such a sap,” Stiles nudged him with his shoulder, “I’m only playing the Beacon Hills gigs this month, and am talking to Jess more tonight to confirm with Meg’s schedule how long she can take over for. Might be through June or early July.”
“I’m going to tell Lydia and Erica, they’ll throw you a party,” John grinned, “And then you’ll have to go because they’re your
Stiles stared down at his phone, brow furrowed. Thank you? He debated on calling Erica, but judging by the snap she sent back to him, she was closing the shop that night. She was still in her ninety-day probationary period since being promoted to manager and Stiles was not going to be the reason that got fucked up. Instead, Stiles opened his messages and sent a screen shot of the email to Sam:
Whereas Stiles didn’t advertise his performances, his own Instagram posts few and far between that people sometimes questioned his major in school, Crowley was geotagging every town and bar he played, letting people know where he was and what he was doing next. Didn’t hurt that the guy fit the image of a wayward rocker almost perfectly, too, even channeling
“Nothing concrete until we hit the east coast in July.” Dean recalled. “Doesn’t mean Jess won’t schedule smaller, hole-in-the-wall shows along the coast, but no contracts besides this one and the next. Think she said somethin’ about this club could become a bigger stay, owner wants to see how tonight goes before signing on for more.”
“He didn’t argue.” Lydia handed the large book over. “And if I were you, I would count that as a win.”
might be staying around longer,” Stiles mumbled, half to himself but knowing the two would hear him fine. “Did that job too damn well,” Stiles smirked at Isaac. “Forget that latte porn, you got talent, man.”
Stiles realized he couldn’t tug at his hair after he finishing spiking it up, tapping his foot incessantly while he surrounded his eyes in the signature smudged liner look. By the third pace he did around the small room, Gabriel shoved him towards the bathroom, pushing the wooden box of rolled joints into his hands, “And don’t come out until you’ve jerked off at least once and hot boxed the damn room!”
They drove back and forth between Colorado, Arizona and New Mexico until the seasons turned warmer, gearing up to return to Beacon Hills in May for a repeat of the residency they had done the first time around.
“Don’t worry, they’re in the know,” Stiles waved a hand in the air. “Dean takes out ghosts, I ran with wolves. Cas has enough good luck it might as well be from a higher power, and I swear Crowley’s skills have to be from a crossroads deal.”
“Kind of,” Sam shrugged, “I told him you were in the know and liked to run naked under the moonlight. He said
Before Stiles could call them out on their bullshit, twisting his back to stretch, he noticed Derek watching him carefully. “What, man? I showered at Erica’s when she did my hair so I know I don’t still smell like ass.”
Stiles nodded; he hadn’t really considered that. No one else from their graduating class was going to Stanford, and while it wasn’t as far as MIT, he hadn’t realized that this would be the first time in his life that he was going somewhere where people didn’t already know who he was. Didn’t already have him pigeon holed as the
Dean stuck out his tongue in greeting, metallic stud catching the sun’s reflection before a second man tugged on his hand, pulling them to the entrance of the shop so they could greet Sam like normal people.
Stiles really needed to stop jinxing himself. His dad was a smart man, and while he acted like he had no idea Erica was going to be stopping in, having wrapped up the morning shift at the shop, the hopeful glint Stiles recognized as he looked between Erica and Stiles gave enough away. Stiles sat up in his seat, watching Erica cautiously as she joined them at the table. John was wiping his hands clean, taking the bill to the front to pay without pause. “I’m sure you’ll find a ride back, Stiles, but business calls.” He smiled down at Stiles, “I’ll see you later.”
loved was kind of mind blowing. Okay, sure—werewolves, ghosts, the existence of the supernatural were also mind blowing. Nearly being ripped in half by one set of claws, mind blowing.
“More reason to throw a shirt on and get some food with your old man.” John didn’t wait for Stiles to respond, ending the call as quickly as he had started it. Stiles frowned, he hadn’t even told him where they were staying.
“You never actually said so, so I wasn’t entirely sure,” Stiles shrugged, one hand tapping the spine of the last binder in the row. He reached to his back pocket with his other hand, pulling out the vape pen he had grabbed out of Cas’s bag before he left that afternoon. He looked up Derek cautiously, “You mind?”
“Prove it.” Stiles’ eyes narrowed. In a second, he let out a sharp yell, twinges of pain from his back shooting up and down as Derek grabbed him by his elbow and walked him to the front door.
Stiles laughed, “Nope, this is all thanks to drumming and lugging that massive kit everywhere.” He paused, “And Sam and Dean getting me to join them in their morning routine.” He rolled his eyes, “Their dad was a Marine in a past life, and apparently that’s excuse enough to make your roommate get up at ass o’clock in the morning to run sprints with you.”
As silently and quickly as he could, Stiles went back into their room and threw on clothes he had thrown into his bag before they had left Oregon. He glanced up in the bathroom when brushing his teeth, rolling his eyes when he realized Crowley had thrown one of his shirts in with his things. Stiles shoved his boots on—at least the shirt smelled clean enough.
He heard a short giggle, causing him to squeeze his eyes open with a wince. Sam looked even taller from down here. Was he the giant? “Are you the Big Friendly Giant?”
Stiles walked Isaac around the perimeter of their set up. “Feel free to get up in Dean and Cas’s faces, Crowley too, but don’t be surprised if you get groped.” Isaac raised an eyebrow in question while pulling out his camera with the interchangeable lenses. “Watch for the cables, obviously, they get into it and go flying around the stage.” Isaac clicked a couple shots, moving between Stiles’ kit set up and looking at the photo review to assess the angle from where he shot. When he walked back over to Stiles, he continued, “I’m going to give you my phone, too. I’m logged into the band’s page, and without Jess here, we need someone to do the social media stuff too. Nothing crazy like Crowley, just some stories and tags and shit, try and get a good look at the pit when it gets going. People love those.”
“And that couldn’t wait until tomorrow?” Stiles grumbled, crossing his arms over his chest. Lydia reached over and knocked his hands away, chastising him about uneven coloring. He rolled his eyes from under the hat.
For all the jokes, Stiles wasn’t actually all that mad about it. He liked watching the ink on his arms flex with his muscles as they strengthened.
Sam stared down at Stiles cautiously. He had lined their window with salt at Dean’s insistence, but had never brought up the topic with Stiles. He had seen some of the books Stiles kept, old books he always tossed aside when Sam walked into the room. But before now, the guy hadn’t made a sign of being aware of the supernatural.
John sighed, turning into the parking lot. “No, kid, I guess I don’t.” He was still sitting behind the wheel when Stiles started climbing out. “Kid?” Stiles paused, but didn’t turn around, “You tell Dean the Sheriff will be in the audience tonight and no funny business, got it?”
Halfway over. One more set, and then they were done, and he could go back to being the invisible drummer in the back, background to the electrifying performance their frontrunners put on every night.
Sam had walked back downstairs with Jess in tow when they stopped and caught Stiles’ frowning. “What’s with the long face? You actually look like a star.”
“Don’t act so surprised,” Stiles shrugged, “You guys aren’t the only things that exist out here.” He took the joint back from Lydia, grinned as she blew her own smoke out. He glanced at Allison, “Your dad ever mention Winchester?”
Stiles rolled his eyes, “No, they got the picture the first time.” And while it was true, with most of the pack wishing Stiles well on the added performances, none of them were too eager to come out a second night. Thankfully, word of the growing punk scene in the area was spreading amongst people who did care, and Stiles heard Derek say the show had sold out again.
The first time it happened, Stiles woke to lazy kisses from Derek, him dotting the line where his shoulders connect with his neck, only to remember he hadn’t told the guys where’d he’d gone off to and, judging by how lit up the room was, they were going to have to meet up sooner than later before their final night in town for the week.
Stiles shot off the messages to the girls like he had planned, and opened up his email. He didn’t realize he was holding his breath until he let it out when he saw Derek’s response.
Before ending the first set, Stiles ended up ripping his shirt off. He had already soaked it completely through, and while the spring weather was warming up, he knew with the amount of air conditioning clubs pumped he would be shivering if he kept the wet shirt on. Instead, he used it as a rag to wipe the remaining sweat off his forehead before launching back into his double-snare hits.
Genuinely. He had the full moon circled in his calendar, but rather than waiting anxiously by his phone, he had barely realized an entire month had passed and what the silver marked circle on the calendar meant (red meant bills were due, blue was for his exams, green for Sam’s, and silver for supernatural fun).
Stiles had jumped down from the stage after securing his kit’s placement, climbing onto a bar stool across from Derek. “What, no whiskey this time around?” Derek rolled his eyes but grabbed the bottle anyway.
“It’s not, dad. I like playing. I like being on the road. And I like doing it with them.” Stiles and his dad had this conversation at least once or twice a year, especially right before Stiles was getting ready to hit the road again.
“Exactly.” Stiles agreed, leaning back. He scrolled back to the top of the page, where a new post caught his eye. It was one of their flyers, with some of their upcoming dates in southern California listed. He scrolled to the next image, where snaps of the different band members were cut together. He hadn’t thought about being part of a band in years, probably since he first started messing around with drumming only to find out Scott was completely tone deaf and had no chances of learning guitar, but he liked the group they had. They would rotate through players, depending on where in the country they were or the time of year. It made playing on the road while working on getting his degree fit together perfectly. “Look dad, we have some gigs later this month down here.”
Stiles had tried bringing up the show to Scott over their next video call, but his best friend didn’t quite catch the enthusiasm that Stiles was sharing. He nodded, listening, but Stiles could tell something was off. When he tried to push it, Scott only shrugged off his concern.
“You’re human.” It wasn’t a question, and Stiles wasn’t sure why he was worrying about how exactly Sam was so firm in that regard.
“Is that Stiles?” Dean’s voice called out. “The drums? Didn’t I tell you there was something we liked about that kid, Sammy? Put him on the phone!” Sam tossed the phone across the room easily.
“Awesome! I’ll text Sam the details to pass on to you.” Dean said through the line. “Give the phone back to the kid, would ya?”
It’s not like his dad didn’t know that Stiles was pretty ambivalent to gender, and honestly if he was going to question Stiles’ friendship with Erica why didn’t he question him for all the time he spent around the other guys in the pack?, but he barely dated during high school and he figured the Sheriff was worried about what that meant for Stiles. Honestly, he didn’t even realize something was up – besides everyone in the pack pretty well paired up already, it was hard getting to know someone outside of the group. Hard to get close to another person if you couldn’t be fully honest with them and everything.
They played through the holidays, starting the winter in Baton Rouge with Benny, getting him to agree to stay on for a couple shows in Florida and Georgia before they went back to Austin. Gabriel had joined them again, moving back out west with them while they made their usual stops in Phoenix. Their San Francisco contact wanted them back before the New Year, which meant they all got to ring in the holiday with Sam and Jess.
If he wasn’t translating or playing, he was on his phone, pouring over the band’s social media. The flyers for the shows were premade, but he would connect with each venue a couple weeks in advance, some contacts that were part of the scene in the area, to make sure word of the shows were getting around to the locals before they got into town.
“Is that why you got the book tattoo?” Derek questioned, humor glinting in his eyes. “I made Lydia translate what was in that photo you sent her.”
Stiles was just as surprised as everyone else that his jeep had lasted throughout college, even with him trekking cross country to meet up with Dean and Castiel, hoisting their equipment into the back. He once questioned why Dean thought traveling their band in a vintage chevy was a good idea, but quickly learned not to try and rib the guy when it came to his car. Especially when Dean did most of the work on the jeep to keep her running. When they were in between gigs he got side jobs doing mechanic work in any of the many towns they hit, and damn if Stiles wasn’t impressed by the way the guy moved around an engine.
before hopping back behind his drumkit. Rather than heading down towards Portland, they went back to the Midwest, picking up gigs in plenty of towns who had only heard their name before. Surprisingly, more of them were successes than failures, compared to the last time they had first-time shows in new towns.
“Trust me, Stiles. Not having a permanent address is not all that it’s cracked up to be.” Sam frowned.
Before, Jungle was the only club in the area, and half the business owners hated its presence, questioning the kind of reputation it might give the area. Now, they were realizing having live performance ventures might be good for everyone.
“I can’t make any promises,” Stiles added. At Derek’s questioning gaze, he shrugged, “You were the only guy I actually thought being in a relationship could work with. I haven’t had much practice doing the whole,
Stiles heard Scott whisper to Allison, “fully clothed?” just as Dean laughed, pulling Castiel into a nuzzling kiss before winking back at the Sheriff.
, I am not.” Stiles glared. “What, you were sent by Derek to be buddy-buddy, get my guard down, and then, I’d, what? Happily follow you into the den of the big bad?” He shook his head, “Damn Erica, and here I thought you actually missed me.”
anything,” At Stiles’ laugh, Derek turned to look at him, small grin pulling at the corners of his mouth. “But while you’re here, I want to try and get to know you again.”
“Well damn.” Stiles pulled out his phone, “I had a whole outline for the points I was going to make. Can I at least read them to you? Some of these were really good.”
Enough trips on the road, sharing homes with Dean and Sam, and Stiles had heard this conversation plenty of times that he started to wonder if it was scripted. Stiles saw the influence Dean and Sam’s dad had on him, the way they lined salt across the entrance to every place they ever stayed. After a particularly bad trip, Dean was acting more paranoid than usual, and dumped an entire container in a circle around their tent.
It’s not like his dad was an uptight asshole (like Dean called his), but he was constantly asking what Stiles was going to do
After a couple quick hits, Stiles’ urge to fidget decreased and his stick twirling became less erratic. He banged out a rhythm across the snare and cymbal seamlessly with a grin.
Stiles had left early enough in the morning that they still had a while before they needed to head to the venue to set up and do soundcheck. When he made it into the county, he called Castiel and explained he’d meet up with them after he paid his dad a visit. No, he did not want to pick them up, too, and no, he didn’t need the company.
Stiles half expected his dad to mention how, with the burgeoning businesses and ideas floating around of converting some of the abandoned warehouses into additional retail space, they were going to be in need of some highly skilled marketing and PR professionals, but for once John skirted around the topic. Stiles watched his dad carefully–the man wasn’t elected Sheriff as many times as he had been without picking things up along the way. For once, he willingly let the topic slide.
Still, he stuck around, taping up boxes while he watched Sam and Stiles unmix their belongings and all of the items they had accumulated in three short years of living in the house. John was happy Stiles had met a nice enough guy his freshman year, that he had made friends easily, but damn if he didn’t wish Sam could’ve had a brother who was also pursuing law and didn’t live a vagabond life to pull his own son into.
Stiles frowned, glaring at the wall opposite. He could hear that Dean and Cas weren’t anywhere near being done, and rubbed his hand over his mussed hair, sighing. Across the room, he saw Cas’s vape sitting on the table and picked it up with barely a second thought.
“You know how long we got this gig run for?” Stiles asked, changing the topic as smoothly as one could. He’d been around long enough to know there was no winning when talking to Dean about his dad and Kansas.
“Are you aware of what you’re doing?” Lydia asked, watching Stiles over the rim of the plastic cup she drank punch out of. Stiles rolled his eyes in silent answer. “You’re finally back in town, and you slink off—”
Stiles pulled out his phone, grinning when he saw Lydia had already replied. Apparently, she had forwarded the email, attachments and all, to Derek and Scott. Scott sent him a snapchat, face frowned in confusion and in the distant background Stiles could see Derek holding a similar expression as he stared down at his own phone.
“Same arm, I think.” Stiles thought about it. “Maybe someday I’ll have a whole sleeve going on.” He grinned at the idea.
Hoisting his bag into the passenger seat, turning around to check that all of his drumming equipment was strapped down, Stiles sent a message off to Dean asking for the exact address of the motel they were staying in. The guys had been playing some shows up south of Portland while Sam and Stiles got through finals week. Most of their shows were up in Washington, with regular gigs in Seattle since that’s where Dean and Castiel’s apartment was, but they often had subletters when they hit the road. Stiles cursed being the drummer in a traveling band, as he often did, when he was packing up his equipment out of the shed him and Sam had converted in the back of the house they rented. He would never say the two weren’t smart, though – create a band that picks up members as they travel, with them being the lead guitarist and singer? With the heaviest equipment they had being a gig amp? Stiles envied them.
” Derek pushed Stiles through the opened door, shutting it behind him. Stiles heard the latch close as Derek turned the deadbolt. He took a deep breath, watching the door for several seconds before he realized, as the pain in his back faded to a dull ache like he had grown accustomed to since getting out of the hospital, that Derek had rejected him.
Halfway through the first set, while banging out an improvised rhythm, Stiles looked up and laughed, because,
“No one looks for me,” Stiles grumbled, standing up. He liked the anonymity he had grown accustomed to on these gigs, getting to bang out his music, feel damn good about the crowd roaring in front of them, and then get to go home without any of the social pressure that people knew it was
Stiles thinks he knew that Isaac and Boyd moved into the old loft, that the idea of Derek keeping the property after rebuilding the house was something he had to have known at some point, but as Erica dragged him up the stairs, quickly detailing the story of how she had moved in with the boys two years ago, he could not remember this situation ever being said to him before now.
“That’s not our scene,” Dean huffed, “We’re the high-energy, screaming, bass-thumping, dirty basement band where you know you might see some shit go down but it’s too dark to tell who’s a boy and who’s a girl so get
“Exactly.” She nodded. Lydia stood back up, walking towards the front foyer of her home before returning. “Derek dropped this off this morning.”
“Oh, that’s all you had to say,” Stiles rolled his eyes, standing up to go throw the last of their trash away. “Just drop me off on your way, don’t let me make you guys late.”
Erica nodded before twisting back around in her seat, sharing a look with Boyd as they pulled down the once-familiar dirty road leading to Derek’s house.
Stiles rolled his eyes at the moniker Dean used, but joined them. He leaned back, fingers tapping against his knees, pulling at the ripped strands of denim along the fraying edges against his knees. “Killer set tonight,” Stiles commented.
“Whoa, what is it? What’s going on? Any, ya know, mystical spooky things?” Stiles questioned, his brain immediately trying to consider all of the different scenarios that could be making his dad call him.
“Dude, I don’t have a crush on the guy,” Stiles yelled. Sam laughed, turning around in his chair, laughing harder at the face of sheer embarrassment on Stiles’ face.
Derek was pulling into the motel parking lot, putting the car in park before he responded, pointedly looking at the brick wall in front of them. “Get to know each other.”
“And what, you want me to move back here?” Stiles laughed at the thought. When John stayed quiet, Stiles looking from the window back to his dad. “Seriously? Hell no! The road is calling me, dad.”
dad,” Stiles muttered, sitting up in the chair. He glanced at his phone, noticing it was still mid-morning. “I’m still at Lydia’s.”
A second alert came through, with Erica replying. It was a shot of the ice cream freezer at the grocery store:
“I’m starting to connect the dots for the return ride back west, but that won’t start until after Labor Day.” Jess added, grinning back at Dean, laughing at the eyeroll Sam sent his way. She turned back to Stiles, “I’m going to meet with your friend Isaac before tonight’s show, too. I’m already mocking up some new flyers with what he collected last time and have some ideas for what he can capture next.”
Stiles frowned as he popped back up, pacing in their small living room. “Next time that guy sends another package, tell Fedex they got the wrong guy, gotta Return to Sender that shit.” He walked out of the room, the sound of the refrigerator door opening and shutting loudly punctuating his words.
“Well when you put it like that—” Stiles scoffed. He figured he had to keep his dad up-to-date with any supernatural news he heard, if only to let his dad know that no, he wasn’t out of the life completely, and yes, he was surviving just fine, thank you. He put out the end of the joint after taking one last hit. “I’m working, dad, I did amazing work over the summer and now I get to see it paying off.”
On some level, Stiles knew the party was going pretty damn well. He had thrown Scott onto his shoulders for a game of chicken against Boyd and Isaac, pretending to care when he joined his dad and Lydia’s when they debated on the best way to grill burgers, and laid out with one of Lydia’s floppy hats over his head when he joined her, Erica and Allison to sunbathe on some reclining chairs.
Yet, there was no sign. There was a ramshackle lodge, a rustic cabin, even a palatial manor along the side of the road, but mostly trees on trees on trees. Dean wasn’t going to go checking out every shanty in Heaven for Cas if he didn’t want to be found. Still, for a moment as he was driving, he couldn’t help but mumble something that could resemble a prayer.
“No, Jack built all this for me.” Cas sat on the other armchair, which was angled just so that he was facing Dean, and had a little table next to it to put his mug on. Dean’s chair had no such little table. “Of course, it’s all based on what I imagined as a home.” He took a sip from the bee mug and then put it down. “That’s coffee, by the way.” Dean peered into the mug. It looked a little congealed, and maybe slightly burnt. Maybe Dean needed to get Cas a Heavenly Keurig.
Dean looked away from Cas, at a particularly interesting patch of grass. There was a dandelion growing in it.
“It’s okay, Dean.” Cas raised one hand to stroke a thumb against Dean’s wet cheek. “We have all of eternity to talk, and unravel how we got so tied up that we couldn’t talk about it.” He kissed Dean again, brief and chaste, and yeah, Dean was definitely crying.
“The house that Jack built, huh?” he said, leaning back and just warming his hands on the mug. “That’s kinda sweet. So he comes around?”
“Cas, if you’re out there,” Dean said, his voice barely audible above the growl of the engine, “if you’re really out there and what Bobby said wasn’t some sorta…metaphor for your guidance of Jack or something…” He took a hand off the wheel and scratched the back of his neck, before running his palm over his cheek, his mouth, then back to the wheel. “I’d like to see you, buddy.” The buddy slipped out before he could rein it in. Oops. At this point he hadn’t thought of Cas as just a buddy in a long time. Well, he was a buddy. He was just more important than that, in ways Dean just couldn’t quantify. But calling him buddy had stuck around like the worst kind of nervous tic.
Time was like honey, and in the dripping moments that lingered after Dean said those words, words he’d barely said to anyone ever in his whole life, Cas just looked at him. That soft sad look faded and was replaced by another look, equally soft. And finally, finally, long overdue, Cas swept Dean into a hug. His body felt right against Dean’s, two puzzle pieces interlocking. Dean raised his arms and wrapped them around Cas. He could feel Cas’s warm skin under his thin button down. Christ, now this was what felt like coming home.
“Dean Winchester, I will kiss you whenever you like.” And god, he looked so serious that Dean couldn’t help but laugh. He released Cas and fell back against the bed and laughed like he hadn’t in a long time. And after a moment, Cas cracked a smile too, and sat down on the bed.
In his peripheral vision, Dean could see Cas’s throat bobbing, like he had something more he wanted to say. At the moment, Dean wasn’t sure if he wanted to hear it. He was still turning the idea of Cas somehow growing a human soul over and over in his mouth, running his tongue over the inside of his teeth. That shouldn’t even be possible. Right?
Cas laid down in the bed beside him. Dean wanted to say I love you again, but honestly, maybe he wasn’t the kind of guy to say it all the time. Plus, he was kind of afraid that he might call Cas “buddy” again. Instead, he just kissed Cas again. They had all the time in the world.
“Thank you,” Cas said. He looked teary. Dean’s own eyes felt wet. Maybe they’d been wet this whole conversation. Maybe he’d been crying. Huh. His cheeks felt funny. His throat felt tight.
“I think you’ll find that in Heaven as it is now, Dean, many things are possible,” Cas answered drily. “Maybe someday you will learn to do as I do. I expect that the hints of grace which my soul grew from enhance my abilities.” Damn, Dean thought, even as a dead human soul, Cas was just as flat-affect and dry and weird as ever. Never one for self-censorship, he told Cas just that, immediately after he thought it. A weird pause stretched out between them like day-old chewing gum, and then snapped when Cas actually laughed.
“I was afraid you would not want to see me,” said the voice that Dean hoped was really Cas and not a trick. Maybe this was just one long Devil-induced hallucination. One last wish fulfillment before ripping the rug out from under him. The voice behind Dean sounded a little dejected in that particular Cas brand as it said, “I’m sorry, Dean, that I could not be there for you at the end.”
“I couldn’t even…” Dean continued, and then his voice choked in his throat. He balled his hands into fists, digging his nails into his palms, and forced the words out, aware of how anguished they sounded and hating it. “I couldn’t even save you, not even once. You’re always dying for me, Cas. Every time, it’s you for me, and I can’t ever do anything about it. I’m good for fuckin’ nothing if I can’t save you.” He drew in a harsh, shuddering breath. “So yeah, maybe I didn’t fight as careful as I could have that night with Sammy in the barn. Maybe I didn’t try to move out of the way when Death came calling. Because all I could hear in my head, for days, Cas, was you telling me…” The words dried up in his mouth, and he looked down.
Cas’s cottage. It had green shingles on the roof, like Cas had said, and it had beige-y yellow paneling on the sides. It looked a little sickly, if he was being honest, but it also looked very homey, in a sort of inexplicable way that made Dean’s chest feel like it was twisting. Dean parked the car and got out, absentmindedly noting Cas doing the same. He walked up to the porch stoop. There was a little loveseat out front, and a swinging bench. Somehow, though Cas couldn’t have been here that long, it was all careworn, like Cas had bought it all from some heavenly thrift store, which was an idea so absurd Dean almost snorted. He swallowed that instinct down, but as it was, he half smiled a little, skin crinkling around the edges of his eyes. It was really something, Cas having his own home up here in Heaven. Made him feel a certain type of way. All this time he’d been inviting Cas into or kicking Cas out of places he called home, and now Cas was leading him into what was essentially his final resting place.
At the sound of Cas clearing his throat, Dean turned his head toward the door, but didn’t sit up. Cas hovered awkwardly in the doorway. His suit jacket was off, now, his sleeves rolled up, and his tie was loose. He looked, for lack of a better word, like a person. Something about Heaven took years of stress of Cas’s face, Dean thought, looking at him sideways. He looked lighter, somehow, in the warm light of his home.
“Where’d all this stuff come from anyway?” Dean called after Cas, who had gone into the next room. “Heavenly Ikea?” He grinned at his own words. “You build it yourself?” Cas poked his head through the doorway and then came back in, holding two mugs. One said Best Father Ever, except above Father the word Farter was crossed out, and the other had a picture of a bee on it. Cas kept the bee mug, and handed the other over to Dean. He chuckled a little at that. Had Jack made fun mugs for his dad, or something? The whole situation tickled Dean a little bit, but also made him feel kinda warm and glowy.
It was a little thought, in there among the last gasps of life and rambling out as many things as he could and trying to make sure Sam didn’t kill himself coming after him. But it was there. Hanging on that rusty barn spike, a prayer did glow in his mind – maybe Cas was waiting for him on the other side. That he’d open his eyes and Cas would be standing there in that damn trenchcoat, eyes squinted, watching him. Waiting for him. He knew it didn’t make a damn lick of sense, that Cas was probably gone forever, disintegrated by the Empty into atoms and nothingness – but as he spent his last breaths with his brother holding him up, telling him it was going to be okay, he hoped.
