There was an air of awkwardness when Dean just stood there looking back and forth from Castiel and the kitten. The silence was torturous for Castiel, because the moment Dean stepped inside his apartment, he found that the air inside his place suddenly went pleasant, the man brought his easiness into the apartment. It was like setting the fireplace on during a cold winter night. It was like Dean brought the home to this place.
“Oh, that’s good,” Castiel smiled. “Okay, thank you so much for trusting us, Mr. Winchester. We’ll see you again next week?” he stood up and stretched his hand to Dean’s direction.
Dean turned to Cas – who was sitting next to him, halfly curled in a blanket – and shot him a betrayed look. “Why are you like this? Chick flick, Cas? really?”
Though Dean shot Sam a dark look, he answered instead, “Yep. I beat Claire on that Candy game thingy. Whatever it is.”
“I think Chuck sent you to a dimension that was neither here nor anywhere, probably something like a limbo. Also, no, you weren’t dead, your family weren’t dead. Surprisingly, even though the rest of the planet seemed to a few days ago.”
Dean’s face turned bright scarlet when he heard the question, and for some reasons that was also the cue for Charlie to leave and followed Sam to the living room. “I do,” Dean said (and made Cas silently let out a sigh of relief, knowing that this might not be as bad as he thought). “I, uh, since that day I visited your place, I went to get allergy pills, so it won’t reacted to Misha.”
Right after she said that Dean showed up from the back door of the bar and walked approaching them. “There you are. Claire, your cab is here. Kaia’s waiting for you.”
Dean looked to his side dully before gave it to his brother, “Thanks, Sammy. Hey, get the pie, will ya?” he grinned and earned a bitch-face from the other man.  While waiting for his dessert, Dean took the time to do more channel surfing, and even stopped to watch an animal documentary on wolves.
window? I think Sam saw it too, he was just too polite not saying anything. I think Dean hadn't tell his brother about you two."
They still have about an hour and a half before Gabriel and Claire’s boarding call, so the three Novaks decided to wait at the nearest coffee shop to the boarding gate. Castiel sat on one of the couch, checking his work e-mail, if he left or missed something, Gabriel sat across him reading a book, while Claire busy Snapchat-ing her surroundings next to him.
"Look, Jack," the younger Winchester started, "we kind of get it that it was probably not on our right to have our mother back. She was already dead thirty years ago. If she was returned here somehow, by Amara, then it probably for another purpose than to be a mother for us."
“He must have really love Castiel that he allowed you to be with him,” Charlie mused, “you better take good care of him, Dean. Well, you better take good care of both Balthazar and Castiel. It’s hard to find friends like Balthazar these days.”
and Sam?" another teasing. "I'm quite sure people in town knew that there were only two Winchester, oh wait, Campbell brothers, and I was probably some sort of sidekick to you and Sam. I remember you introduced me as your friend to Jackson at the bar."
“I am,” this time the smug smile showed on Mick’s face, and then he cocked his head to the direction of a small desk behind him. “That desk,
The smile on Crowley’s face went wider when he saw Castiel rose from his seat and takes his jacket with him. “That’s my boy.”
This time it was a bark of laughter that came out from Dean's mouth, "I know, right? After all the things we've gone through. Lucifer, leviathans, Darkness, British Men of Letters, God,
He noticed that many of them resembled Dean Winchester and the angel, Castiel, side by side. Even the ones that stood outside a handmade diorama of a house with a board that read Harvelle’s Roadhouse on it.
Dean shrugged, “Dean, please. I’d prefer that, honestly, with us more likely on the same age range,” he answered with a smile.
At the next moment, Dean's voice became lower and more serious. He ran his knuckles on Cas' face before he continued, "Now you know that you can have it. How does it feel for you?"
Sam chuckled at the mention of the name, "Oh man, he was just another level. Rowena, if you think Gabriel was cheeky with his charm, wit, and obsession with porn, you should meet Balthazar. He was the poster boy of a hedonistic lifestyle."
This time the Death, who had found himself a glass of scotch from one of the drinking tables, smiled smugly as he sat on one of the chairs, "You and Mother weren't the only ones with a secret plan, Squirrel. See, when you told me about what Jack said, I had a quick chat with the young lad about it. I asked him what happened that made The Empty so upset about making it loud. I told him to walk me through it."
He finally peeled himself off Cas and let out a choked laugh when he saw Cas' still confused face looking back at him. Dean softly placed both of his hands on the side of his face. "You still looked the same."
They usually booked the discussion area in the library for their work, this area was located on the corner of each floor and supervised by one librarian that would help them whenever they needed something and also look after what they were doing. Since it was after seven, not many students would go to the library for any matter, especially on a Saturday night. So, the campus thought it would be wise to have someone standing by if there was anyone about to do something that would be frowned upon by campus.
It was his uneasy reaction to Jack’s words that made Dean confident that this Castiel was the very same angel who was taken away from him. The one who confessed his love to Dean seconds before he was killed. This was his Cas, who for some reasons, chose to act all cold to Dean as if they just first met. Dean looked at Cas, who somehow decided that the bunker’s floor, or his shoes, were the most interesting object in the world compared to the three people in the room whom he knew really well.
"Yeah, it's just impossible to shoot you here, while I might need your help later," Dean replied cheekily. "So, this The Empty, why was it exclusively for angels and demons? Was there any history of human existence there?"
“Dean Winchester,” Gabriel ignored his brother’s grunt, “Hey, Cas. Today’s good. Had lunch with Balthazar and Benny, and now I’m on my last period. Gabe and Claire are leaving already? It’s gonna be quiet at your place after they’re gone. Frowny face. Aww, Cassie, your boyfriend’s really sweet!”
The look on Dean's face turned serious for the next few moments, then he suddenly had a smile on his face. A smile that showed that something in his mind just clicked.
He stopped stimulating Cas, and kissed the other man's full lips again, before asking, "Are you okay with this, Cas?"
It was clearly shown that the mention of the angel's name indeed did something to the man with a box of pies. The best friend. The someone he trusted and cared for ever since the angel in a trench coat full-on rebelled on Heaven. An act that got him outcast to the point that he was stripped down from the Heavenly powers. Then with his own free will, the angel finally survived on whatever grace he had left to be on his human's side, as well as the brother.
As they arrived in the snack alley, Dean felt his cheeks started to get sore of all the grinning and smiling. And he started to wonder where did the childish energy in Cas came from, since he was so serious whenever he was at the practice.
The small laugh in Dean’s voice didn’t help Castiel to keep his heart from beating uncontrollably, as he clumsily slides past Dean and placed their mugs on the dining table on the balcony, before sitting down. “Sorry to keep you waiting, I was checking on my ring upstairs. I thought I lost it,” he showed his left hand to Dean.
"So, how did you find this place? This is really nice, and just like Claire said it's not as noisy as other pubs," Castiel looked around the place in awe and stopped at the stage where a woman was leading the crowd to an 80's rock song.
Amara then sat on the couch in front of Metatron, “Oh, it was chaotic. Would you believe Me that I have to go down under to Hell to get some advice from Rowena? She made Hell looked presentable.”
Such as now, where they seemed to have reached the point of exhaustion for this Saturday night. Slowly they had their attention strayed from the work to anything that they feel was more interesting to discuss. It didn’t take long before they started to argue in a clash of languages, and Castiel could only sit there and watch them back and forth as if they were at a tennis match.
“Actually, Dean and I – and Sam and Charlie – will have dinner together at his place. So, maybe we could talk about it later. It’s better to talk about this issue in person than through phone, right?”
"Dean," Eileen reached to Dean's arm, and when the older Winchester turned to her, Eileen started to sign as she spoke, "maybe today we can find the way, now we've got the new Death here."
"Hey, Cas," Dean Winchester started and smiled at the dark-haired man, then turned to Charlie. "Hey, Charlie. Um, mind if I joined you guys?"
“I promised you that I won’t do anything funny,” Cas broke the silence with his soft and gravelly voice. “It’s hard,” he chuckled.
"I think it's a better idea. It might be witchcraft, but it still sounded better than the demon idea," Sam answered and turned to the other two people on his table, who also agreed.
What's up, boy?" the sharp jerk on one of the leashes in his hand broke Castiel's train of thought on how he ended up with his furry babies. He turned to see what made one of his two boys make the sudden stop, that, of course, was followed by the other one.
Castiel almost laughed when he saw his younger sister frozen on her seat. Her arms were stretched on the table between them, and a shocked expression was shown on her face. He let out an evil chuckle, “You can say something, you know. As long as it’s PG-13.”
Castiel watched as Dean took out a box of orange juice and poured it into both glasses. As the kitchen table only separated them, Castiel realised that he could see the freckles that covered Dean's face. He swallowed and fantasised of counting them from up close. And to remember that freckles were signs of an angel's kisses, maybe Castiel could make his own trace of those on Dean's fa-
To everyone's surprise, there was a visible expression of excitement on Crowley's face when he saw Eileen was communicating with him using sign language. Another surprise was when Crowley willingly responded to Eileen in the same fashion. For a quick moment, they both were conversing in sign language that none of the others could follow, including Sam.
It probably would be the last place in the city where someone can find a professional dentist be, yet for some reasons, that exactly why Castiel had chosen this place to spend quiet time during his lunchtime. He knew that
There was a deafening silence in the library for a few moments. When he felt that it had become too awkward, Castiel decided to conclude his story, "Then, as it promised, The Empty came to claim me."
"So, you're close with your little brother, Dean?" Castiel attempted to make his question sound casual, with an additional sincere smile. "Now that I think of it, that might be why you looked pleased when I told you that I had a meeting with my sister on a Saturday morning."
“That one I believe,” Sam chuckled and took out his phone from his pocket, and on the next second he announced, “So get this … Bela just texted me that she will be in town next week, she will be curating some sort of …. what’s this? Candy exhibition?”
Once again, both Eileen and Jack expressed their agreement to Dean's words, by nodding vigorously in unison while eating the sandwiches.
Dean chuckled at the question, as his brain automatically pictured the look on Castiel’s face when there was a woman kept talking when he’s trying to mend her son’s teeth.
I honestly started to think that he was actually a college kid who happened to look way older for his age.”
for Dean. He suddenly understood why Cas was even more awkward than usual. “Oh, okay, okay. Come on in, Jack and Rowena are here.”
With that, the three of them left Dean’s room, leaving the owner to return to his thoughts. Dean looked up to the ceiling for a few seconds, and then he closed his eyes.
He got up and patted the kitten’s head before heading to his room upstairs for a quick shower, and when he finished, Misha had waited for him on bed, curling to a spot just next to his pillow. After turning the lights in the kitchen off, Castiel took his phone from the living room table and returns to his room, then dropped himself to the mattress, awaken the kitten.
“Is there anything that we can do, Dean? I’ve never been to The Empty, but maybe there’s something we can try to help Castiel from The Empty?”
The conversation ended with Castiel felt the need to take an exhale afterwards, although the phone call lasted no more than fifteen minutes. If he had to be honest, it wasn’t that he hesitated to meet his past significant others or anything like that, but it was more to
That was Dean's cue to add another finger and enjoyed another sexual sound that came from Castiel. A former angel of the Lord.
Dean shook his head at the idea, “Jack, your grandfather killed you. Twice. That won’t be a memory you want to re-experience.”
“As I told you, I decided to take him for the opening tomorrow. Sammy’s not taking his girlfriend either, but that’s another story. I had to spend a good ten minutes dealing with his
Dean turned to Cas and smiled, “Thanks, Cas. really appreciate it,” he returned the squeeze on Cas’ hand.
“Well, he always said that between Balthazar’s talent in the kitchen and my slight OCD of keeping the house clean and in order, he sort of forgave his housemates,” Cas smiled when he saw Dean nodded at his story. “Balthazar took Social Studies back in colleges, while Crowley and I were in Dentistry. So he was the one who was home often and was given the task of cooking our food. Sometimes Crowley and I would be over at the campus until late, and we would have takeaway dinner while working on our assignments. That would be the days where Balthazar refused to talk with us in days, and not cooking us anything,” Cas chuckled at the memory, then he stopped abruptly to look at Dean.
“Already bring them down, Gabe!” he replied and put the bedsheets on, before taking a step back to admire his work.
“Why not?” Gabriel replied, and his tone is lighter than before. Maybe they did flirt while Dean was lost in his thoughts. “Your sasquatch of a brother is nicer than you, Dean.”
“Yeah, just regular visit to the parents, that’s all,” Crowley rolled his eyes. Castiel was more than understood what that meant, friendship that went for years had them shared each other’s family stories. Crowley’s was the interesting one, for Castiel, but it wasn’t a good story for the Brit. “Apparently Mother wanted her Fergus to visit.”
Balthazar about tonight’s dinner? He have to ask if Balz available on Saturday night anyway, and Balz was the one who introduced Dean to Cas.
, darling,” Balthazar swooped forward to took Bela’s hand and kissed it. “Dean surely knows how to make friends with good-looking people.”
“What? Tomorrow?” Sam turned to his big brother for a second before ripping one of the chicken apart, and put it into his mouth. “No, I don’t think I have any plans yet. Why? You got major plans?”
Dean raised his eyebrows as he heard Claire’s lead to her friends. He then put the pitcher on an empty table next to theirs and crossed his arms. “This should be interesting. Okay, I’ll hear it, bring ‘em out, girls,” he smiled.
Cas tilted his head to one side and continue looking at the man next to him, “Dean. I’m here. If you want to talk about something, anything, you can talk to me.”
"Where are you going, dove? Don't you forget I'm the Queen of Hell and the most powerful witch in the world? I can get my stacks transported here, in," Her Royal Highness of Hell snapped her fingers. Suddenly the Men of Letters' bunker library had several new shelves filled with Rowena's books and ingredients, "Merely seconds."
“Way to go,” he grinned to Jack, who was waiting by the car across from where he and Sam stood, “way to go.”
“Thanks, Dean,” Sam smiled. Soon after their coffee is done, he poured them to his cup and his big brother’s. “So … Cas?”
Dean took Rowena to the other side of the room as he told her what he had in mind for the next step after Crowley took him to The Empty. He tried his best not to let the others hear him since he wasn't sure if this plan could work or not.
After they made their orders, Dean looked at how Cas sat sheepishly. He had both of his hands on his lap and had his blue eyes widened, accompanied with a small smile that made Dean wanted to take care of him.
"And we went past the courtesy chat," Dean stood up straight, now his time to speak had come. He walked closer to Crowley and started to look at the Scottish man from head to toe as if still trying to make sure that what he had before him was real. "First of all,
Castiel released a warm laugh and quickly his expression changed to a brighter one, “Yeah, if I got a penny everytime someone said that to me. I’m sorry, Dean. I’d love to, and I might have to pick them up at the airport on Friday.”
There was a quick urge on Castiel to let out a smug smile when he heard that question, “My place and his favourite restaurant.”
A tap on his shoulder brought him back to where he was, it was Sam trying to tell him to take a look around. Dean probably was so deep in his thoughts that he didn’t realise their surroundings were back to normal, a crowded city with people going about their day.
“Anyway, I was watching Gabriel jumped himself to the incoming waves while walking around the beach, when I heard him shouted. And I froze, completely frozen, I didn’t know what happened. Gabriel came to me and he pointed to the sands next to me, and there it was … a fish breathing for his life, and about
When Dean finally caught up with Cas, he saw the dentist was holding up two packs of crackers with a big gummy smile on his face.
With what Bela had told him, Dean honestly didn't know how to react to that. That was so much information that he received in ten minutes.
"That's what I've been thinking since you told me about it," Crowley answered. "You see, when I first arrived here, it was quiet, dark
Even a simple thought of having Cas sleeping on his bed had sent a certain frustration to Dean. And certain
"It's, uh, just like what I told you before. It's the place where angels and demons go when they die."
"What I don't get is Sam kept on denying that he's a witch's apprentice. I mean, even you could see it, right?"
“Thank you, and I also would like regular orange juice. Thanks very much,” he looked to the name tag, “Lily.”
“Your wee boy dropped by all the way down under to ask for my advice in managing Heaven, can you believe that?” Rowena explained after she finished hugging a tree log that was Sam Winchester. “I swear, Samuel, it feels like you still keep growing at this age.”
“Yeah, of course. We’ll take her to the bunker as well, what do you say?” Dean rolled the car to the street, ready to drive it to their next destination, Eileen’s home.
Although the dentist didn’t said his name, but Dean would love him to say his name with that kind of voice. In bed.
"You'll see," Dean answered with a smile before he planted another kiss on Cas' nose. It might be a fetish of his, but ever since he started to fantasise about having sex with Cas, he knew where their first time should be. And it
On the next moment, Cas could felt his breath hitched on his throat, when Dean moved closer to him and placed his forehead to Cas’ before saying, “I like having you tonight, Cas. Thank you.”
"Hi, Castiel, really nice to meet you. I'm Pamela, I work here as a bartender," she held out her hand.
Once again, Rowena showed that she could still catch Dean off guard. Her hug was surprisingly comforting, and Dean could feel as if the tensions in his body melted into tears that started to pool in his eyes. He didn't know if Rowena used any spell or what, but Dean realised that he needed it.
"Okay, now the device is in you and all ready to work," (turned out it wasn't), "Fergus, your turn."
“Besides, Dean, it’s my turn now,” Bela said mysteriously and managed to made Dean turned his head to her. “You’ve been taking care of me and my stupid boyfriends back then. Now, it’s my turn, I want to take care of your love life, I want to see if this person is perfect for you.”
When he learnt that none of the people with him intended to comment, Crowley continued, "Turned out, this ring had the power to choose the next Death, and somehow it appointed me. See, I don't know who influenced this thing to make its decision, that's why I said someone or something had the thought that it was funny to make me Death."
, per se, for the sex. I think. But, the morning after was kinda unusual?” when the bright-eyed woman in front of him looked interested, Castiel took off his jacket and continued his story. “So, you know when you brought someone home, they tend to leave early in the morning even when you’re awake, yeah? This one did the same, at his own home. I was staying at his place, so he just went out somewhere and didn’t return until I left to see you.”
Amara laughed at the comments from Eileen and Sam, and then she fell into her thoughts again. But, only for a moment, before the light bulb in her mind started to light up. “I think I know who can help me with that. I’m gonna get him, and hopefully, he'll forgive me and be willing to help. No, it’s not Chuck, guys, I promise.”
“Because there’s not much to tell of, Jack,” Castiel smiled and got up, “let’s just say, your grandfather is a good person, but not exactly a good family man. Anyway, so none of you is having dinner at home, right?”
Castiel was having a glass of water before he rested his head on his pillow. Misha was sleeping on Cas' bed with Claire. Cas was leaning on the couch while looking at his phone and wondering if Dean will actually call him. On the next second he felt stupid of himself. And of course that was the time chosen by Gabriel to engaged him in a conversation, that he couldn't resist anyway.
, Sammy, not cool. That’s crossing the limit there,” Dean put a fake stern look towards Sam, who - for the second time - raised his hands in defeat. “But it was ridiculous. Come on, you were supposed to be the one with the logic for
He quickly looked down to the tablet before him, and reading the list. “I think that’s all, Dean. For green curry, what do we need for the – whatsisname,
They both then continued eating their breakfast in silence, a comfortable silence. Castiel took this moment to look around the place. He just remembered that he didn’t get to check out the area when he arrived since they both were instantly involved in an absurd conversation about their night adventures.
suspicious at all,” Castiel grunted as his back was being pushed to the wall and a pair of soft lips crashed to his. The kiss was rough and wanton, and he loved it. Castiel hissed when the librarian ran his tongue on his neck. “Oh, fuck, yes.”
"No more making life-sacrificing deals to save others. Talk it out with everyone," the young Nephilim said proudly.
Dean kept on locking his look to Cas, who had another adorable look on his face. It was at that moment Dean wanted to make sure that Cas would always have that expression on his face.
!" Dean snapped at the comment. "That's Jack, Jack Klein. You might remember him as the Nephilim, Lucifer's son."
"Right, uh-" Dean softly swirled his wine before he ran his hand across his hair to the back of his neck. His face was blushing, either from the drink or from nervousness, and his green olive coloured eyes kept on darting to Castiel's direction. Even though the other man didn't realise it.
The overhead light fell flawlessly on Dean’s facial features, from his light brown hair that was styled spiked up, to his green eyes that shone brighter than it usually has. The light even brought a dramatic effect to his cheekbones and nose, and Cas could see the freckles spread randomly on his face, teasing him to count them.
Castiel waited until his last patient had left his examination room before closing the door and took his phone out from his pants’ pockets. He dialled a number, and while waiting for the person on the other line answered, he cleared up his desk.
The dark haired man quickly put his fork and wiped his lips using the napkin. “Yes. Yes, they are, thank you for asking. I was talking with Gabriel yesterday, and he told me that he might be popping by here sometimes next week, to keep an eye on his exhibition.”
The answer made Dean started to notice that the jealousy rose from the interest that was shared between Cas and Sam.
"I remember seeing Ketch before I lost consciousness. That was cowardly of him to sic a Hellhound to me."
It took him a while to absorbed it, and when Cas finally understood, he could feel his face heated. “What? Dean, we just met twice at that time! Of course it was unplanned!”
Cas looked up to Dean in such an adoring way, and Dean missed that. “Last time I found out about Gabriel’s work was when he worked at this production of porn film. And
"Y-yeah," Dean replied softly, tried to put aside the heartache that he felt at the mention of Cas. Especially
, Cas. Well, I, uh, I told The Empty that I want, I need to see Cas. I had something that I wanted to tell him. The Empty believed me when I said that, so it summoned Cas to us. When I saw Cas, I told him what I wanted to say, and then I rescued him. Crowley threw his
The blue-eyed man laughed at the last question and answered his friend sincerely, “No, I didn’t tell her. I never intentioned to stalk around my workplace, announcing my sexuality, thank you very much. Those days are way behind me.”
Cas laughed at the question, “No, no, Charlie. On the contrary, I was holding Dean before, because I thought I lost my kitten and I made him-“ something just clicked in Cas’ brain. “Dean, you weren’t sneezing?”
"Then it would be up to you, whether you want this device to be a one time deal or you want to regularly resupply it. So you can match your angel's immortality."
Dean felt like he was about to cry when he finally could taste Castiel's lips on him. It was even better than he imagined, kissing Cas.
in the bunker as well. Charlie said that she found new series that she thought Dean would like, maybe he should remind her about that and ask when will she show him that.
Suddenly the heavy door opened and the towering man who inhabited in shows up, soaked wet from hair to the towel that wrapped his waist, “Dean. I was in the shower,” he said in a light irritated voice.
“I’ll just park outside, if that’s alright. I don’t want to pay for the parking,” Dean grinned cheekily, then he moved a little bit further and halted the car.
When Cas heard an excited bark came from one of the rooms, he knocked on the door, and heard Sam replied him with an invitation. Inside, he saw Sam and Charlie were playing with Juliet, and the dog was jumping happily on Sam’s bed.
Castiel suddenly felt stupid when Dean said that, and he let out a nervous laugh, "I-I'm sorry, a glass of water would do, thanks. Dean."
The small group then left Dean’s room and headed to the war table. The one place in the bunker that can be considered as the “living room”, where everything happened. There and the library. Sam told the guests to make themselves at home while he went to the kitchen to get some wine glasses. Dean started with small talks with Rowena and Jack while waiting for Sam to return.
he almost shouted unconsciously when he remembered that his deadline might be shorter than he had planned for on Thursday. That would be the day where he should leave for his father's birthday on their summer house in Rhodes Island, a four-hour drive. If he wanted to arrive at a reasonable time, Castiel had to leave at four in the afternoon, the latest, which means his deadline should be at two.
It was either he didn't dare to say or do anything, being cautious from demanding further, or he was
“Oh, Meg and Naomi told me. A bit jealous that Naomi, I think she fancied you, Castiel,” Crowley took a light sip of his drink, iced lemon tea. “She didn’t
“Two then. Although I still couldn’t place the one from the club. Do you remember the man I left with? What did he look like?” Castiel asked as he checked the incoming message on his phone, a spam text.
Again, Sam moved forward to get closer to his big brother, “Anytime, Dean. By the way, how was the kiss?”
“He’s got a point, Claire,” Kaia said and waved her hand to the bottles and glasses on the table, “did you see our table? Cabs would be good, Dean, thank you.”
Cas chuckled and put the package on the kitchen table before helping with stirring the cuisine. “It started to smell delicious, Dean. I think we did well on this.”
Abaddon sighed lazily before replying, “Just another mistake of pleasures.” She laughed when she saw her brother make a funny face as a response, “You know, one of those nights when you picked up someone, and it ended not as satisfying as you hoped. I mean, at least you had good sex — I assumed — from whoever you picked up last night. Mine was …
His claims made Abaddon laugh out loud that she shed some tears. “Fuck you, Castiel, you know that.”
. His face, his lips, his neck, Dean was sure he could spend hours just admiring and worshipping Cas.
relationship, yeah?" Eileen asked, and resonating to her confusion and wonder, her signing hands also slower in movements.
His breathing started to puff as if he just finished a 5K run. The closer he was to the Archive Room, the more dampness he could feel in his eyes.
“Dean, your room is exquisite. I love it,” Cas turned around and walked to the shelves that have Dean’s book collection. “You have an interesting collection here. Would you mind if someday I borrow one of your books?”
Jack smiled at the question, “Well, I tried to help. I think having Amara inside of me kind of help me get a grip about what should be working in Heaven, and what’s not. One of them is angels, so I helped around to create angels first, to make the orders in Heaven returned as before, then I made a little tweak here and there. The angels can be so … uptight.”
He then opened his eyes and found himself was actually lying unconscious on the floor, his room. He was no longer in that darned barn.
, Cas?” his question made the man before him looked up from his salad, “You’ve been telling me stories about your brothers and sister, and they are all interesting. But you missed
Dean could only blink as he listened to her. If he had to be honest, it wasn't the information that he should be surprised at, considering how John Winchester died, but still, it was shocking.
A loving smile showed on the girl’s face, she really had taken of Dean as her future big brother in law, and it was adorable of her.
When their drinks and desserts came (apple pie for Dean and peanut butter and jelly cake for Castiel), the talk was once again put on hold. Dean took a peek to Cas, who was humming happily as he brought another spoonful of cake into his mouth. The look on Castiel’s face could only be matched by Sammy’s first try on salmon
Castiel said thank you to the food seller who delivers his afternoon snack, boiled vegetables in peanut sauce, before he rolled his eyes upwards while pouring the dark and thick soy sauce and trying to memorise if he have anything next week. After he was sure about his schedule, Castiel talked to the phone in his hand again, “Only if you promise what happened last time …
Sam turned his attention back to the road, “You were quiet and you didn’t pay attention to the road, that’s a serious one for
Juliet probably sensed the worry in the air, she jumped off the couch and walked slowly to Cas, whining as she placed her head on Cas’ lap.
The blueish light then disappeared and revealed Castiel, right before Dean and Crowley's eyes. Still with his signature confused look and squinting eyes. Still wearing the suit and tan coloured trench coat. Only this time he looked awful, probably the effect of being in this place.
There was a significant pause from Sam before he finally continued, "Wait, I'll check in the Archive Room, and, Dean, maybe you can check in the car? There's a possibility that we brought it with us after Bobby died, and you might have it when you summoned Death the second time."
It felt like a time slip, everything moved so fast from the bunker to the road. Suddenly came the familiar roar of the engine from the Chevy Impala that showed that the brothers were on their way to whatever the older brother had found on his research.
"Hail to the ginger queens!" Abaddon high-fived with the other red-haired girl. Then she rolled her eyes with a laugh as the two men there released frustrated groans in unison, "What? By the way, Charlie, I think you should know that Dean here also loves
But, as it turned out, Dean really enjoyed spending his evening with the blue-eyed man. So much that he didn’t know when is the proper time for him to come up to Cas, and asked him if he’s ready to go home.
It wasn't only on the outfit that he wore. There was no trench coat, no jacket suit. The Castiel stood before Dean was wearing his white shirt, with the sleeve rolled to the elbows, the backwards blue tie that was slightly slackened, and his pants suit.
“Nah, I think that’s cute, Cas. Anyway, my class is starting soon. Hope you don’t mind if we finished this great talk for now?” the movement on the screen shown that Dean was standing up and walk to his desk.
“No. I think Fergus shielded himself from any power to find him, even from my magic,” Rowena shrugged lightly, “Well, maybe if he wanted to, he’d find me.”
“Oh no, Dean. I’m so sorry,” there was a sincere sympathy in Garth’s voice, even when Dean hadn’t even finished his words. “Is there anything that I can help?”
Castiel raised his face to meet the face that came with that particular voice in his practice. A suave man with an English accent that might looked like he was older than Castiel, yet at the same time he could
talked about his childhood to anybody else, so he never knew what to expect from people’s reaction after hearing his story. But now, hearing how Castiel responded to his story made him feel like there was a knot in his chest that was untangled softly. And he unconsciously let out a relieved sigh.
The man was not a sight that can be easily missed. He was tall and nicely toned, the black shirt he was wearing covered his body in all the right ways, and not to mention the dark denim wrapping his legs. He moved quietly, almost feline like – a confused feline, though –and beelines to one of the stalls that sold vegetable salad and peanut sauce. His dark hair flopped nicely on his head, and even from a distance, Dean can see his eyes shone beautifully.
If they were not on the phone, Dean was sure that he and Cas would exchange look, like those in chick flicks. But, somehow, Dean didn’t mind having a staring contest with Cas. He could never knew, when he could take his eyes off those beautiful blue orbs. Everytime Cas was looking at him, it was like he was looking into Dean’s soul and he liked what he saw. It felt amazing to see Cas’ expression whenever they looked at each other.
Castiel did the head tilt that made him looked like a confused kitten, “What happened to their parents? If I may know.”
Dean practically jumped from the table. "Glad you get my hint, Crowley. This now sounds like a perfect plan. Let's make me a demon!"
There was a muffled sound from Castiel’s side, that Dean took it as the other man putting his helmet on. A scratching and clicking sounds later, Castiel’s voice came again to Dean’s ear.
"Huh. Is this your doing, Cas?" Dean turned to his boyfriend, who smiled innocently and shrugged. "Suspicious."
“Hey, I introduced your store to him, don’t you forget that, Gabe,” Dean had his mock upset voice, “and now you're gonna have a loyal customer in him. Don’t say I never do anything for you. Come on, Sammy.”
, as if the gods were in an excellent mood when they created them. The lips were undoubtedly pleasurable - full, soft, and irresistible. Oh, how he
Dean wished to enjoy his companion for as long as he could tonight, before he had to drive him home.
Cas didn’t realise Dean had stopped the car while he was still studying the house, until Dean spoke, “Come on, we get the car to the garage, then we’ll meet Sammy and Charlie.”
“I have finished my shower if you want to use the bathroom,” Cas said tentatively, and then he lifted his other hand that was holding a ball of clothes. “I, uh, I don’t know where I can put my dirty clothes.”
“Okay, I let you win. That's the only reason how you keep on winning,” there was an obvious eye-roll in Dean's voice as he said his defence that made Cas sure he was completely smitten of the teacher.
This time Sam replied, “Don’t worry, Charlie, we’ve been going around in this car for years without raising suspicions. I think police forces had owned mutual understanding when they see this car and what it was lacked of.”
The foul language that came from Castiel's mouth made the librarian even more passionate in kissing him, and he also had his hands pawed at the man who was pinned, in search of a way to undid Castiel’s pants. After a few seconds, he finally managed to unzip the taller man’s pants and slid his hand in. “Bloody hell, man, you’re
Going through that one particular road on after hours time would be an interesting example of living hell, he had had enough gotten stuck for
"This is a piece of interesting additional information. Come on, Samuel, Eileen, maybe there's something that we can find to make a spell."
Luckily for the vamp-mime, the children were still alive, so spoons could be put aside. However, though, they were with the nest that was ready to raise them with healthy and nutritional food, just so the vampires could feed on them whenever they needed it.
"I haven't said anything yet," Crowley deadpanned before he kissed the top of Eileen's palm. Then he turned to the young boy who seemed excited to meet a new supernatural friend of the Winchesters. "And who's this twink? Yours, Squirrel?"
“Thank you for doing it so well,” replied Cas with a smile that was addressed to both Sam and Charlie. After he was sure that they had walked to their respective rooms, he switched the channels until he found a documentary on Balinese coffee.
That probably was only Cas stating something, but it made Dean blushed and felt seen that someone actually
Both of them gave Lily their best smile, that they would give to a loving aunt, while saying thank you, that earned a sweet smile in return from the waitress lady.
Right after the pair left the kitchen, there was a fat silence filled up the room. Dean knew that he probably should say something to the kid next to him, at least letting him know that Dean wasn’t upset that he couldn’t manage to wake Cas up just like the last time.
Dean practically crashed his lips to Cas' again. He ran his knuckles on Cas' cheekbone before running his palm over Cas' chest and swallowed the former angel's soft moans as Dean played his thumb on Cas' nipple.
For the next few minutes, Castiel had to strain himself from screaming, because not only did Mick have a
Before he continued his story, Dean showed his finger as a sign that he needed a moment. Dean got up and walked to the nearest drinking table to get two glasses, then he poured the whiskey that Rowena brought.
“Was he the one who was here when I called you?” Gabriel asked and chuckled when seeing his little brother’s shy smile. “Wow, Cassie, it’s been a while since I saw you this calm when you’re in love.”
“That’s comforting,” Charlie chipped in. “It’s not far from here, right? The venue? We won’t have to meet police or anything on our way?”
Dean rolled his memory to find the answer. Now that Rowena mentioned it, he agreed that the three of them seemed to defy so many natural laws throughout their life, including being dead and resurrected from death. In so many ways even.
“Um,” Cas closed his tablet and walked back to the sofa to lie down, “anything would be fine for me, Dean.”
It might be an innocent question, but the effect it gave to Cas’ face was major. He could actually feel his face heated and coloured then and there. It was the way Dean said that he will have time with Cas, it was like he had claimed Cas to be with him on Friday. Where it was Cas who asked if they can get together tomorrow in the first place!
Being a freelancer, working on weekends was an exciting matter for Castiel, such as what he was doing tonight. Gathered up with some friends that he would consider unexpected, spent a good time working and laughed with them (while earning a sharp look from the librarian), learnt anything interesting that sometimes could be a conversation started when he was about to pick up someone from the bar. He could even sharpen the skill that he had since graduating from uni. Some nights he
Dean barked out a laugh, and then he cursed himself when both Balthazar and Mr. Cain turned their heads to him. He didn’t even realised the majestically bearded man had entered the teacher’s room.
Benny listened patiently with a slow nod during the story, until Dean took a little too long pause, he took it as the cue for him to respond. “And that is bothering you because …?”
Dean was highly tempted to continue the topic about weekend leisures, but then he decided to halt and postponed it until when they’re having dinner. The restaurant was already in his sight anyway. “Drive it to your work sometime, Cas. Baby and I would like to meet your car.”
“Oh yeah. Here,” Dean walked to his dresser to take out a grey AC/DC t-shirt and a pair of shorts from one of the drawers. “Uh, you prefer shorts or sweatpants for sleeping?”
“What?” the other man quickly put his phone away, “By the way, Castiel, I think I need your favour.”
Just like that, Dean knew that he had lost something he hadn’t even had yet. It was only a polite smile from someone who was friendly to another person who happened to came across his sight.
The hands lingered longer than it should. Along with another exchange of look, where blue met green and created a clash that brought certain warmth to them.
"Damn, you're right," Sam sighed. "Well, turned out it wasn't Amara who pulled you out from The Empty, Crowley."
“What? You replied?” Castiel chuckled at that, “No, then. Chuck? Nah, that’s just like my Father’s. Um …”
"You enjoy your time while they're here, Cas. They're family," Dean turned to Cas, and squeezed his hand.
The fight got on menacingly until at one point the big brother was thrown by the larger vampire, and at the same time, his little brother managed to behead the other one. He tried to found his standing before returning in the fight, ran towards the vampire in means to push him down.
The summoning process was familiar to Dean, but he didn't recall what came after. He didn't remember the thick black smoke coming and started to surround them. He
Dean had known Gabriel since he first discovered Sweet Tricks a bit while ago, and they’ve been friends since. Dean would drop by at Gabriel’s bakery and enjoy the pastry and dessert there for free (sometimes), and Dean would serve Gabriel with Pamela’s latest creation for free in return (sometimes).
Eileen sat in front of Dean and started to answer while signing, “He’s okay. Sam is still in his room, talking to him. I told them that I’d talk to you.”
seasoning from previous week, but maybe they want to make something else. Then they'll go back to Dean's to start cooking dinner and give Juliet to Sammy. Then … let the night roll.
“Nothing, Baz. I was watching everyone,” Cas replied. “Do you have a good time? Dean, why did you leave Balthazar? He’s your date tonight.”
The Empty looked at them with curiosity in his eyes, the smile on his face had faded. Something unusual happened in front of him, and he knew that he got a bad feeling about it. Still, he couldn't help to be curious to find out what would happen out of it.
“Yeah, I bought us some junk food,” Sam lifted his right hand, that was holding a plastic bag from a well known Korean fried chicken restaurant in their town.
As much as Dean loved his father, he still couldn’t get over how he was hardly there for his sons. Luckily, there were Bobby and Ellen, good friends of the family who helped John, his father, to raise him and Sammy. To add it all up, from the elderly couple Dean also had a surrogate sister, Jo, Ellen’s daughter.
“Okay, here you are, Charlie. Thanks for the fun weekend,” Dean stopped his car and climbed out to help the girl with all of her stuffs.
It was strange to Dean as they both could talk spontaneously and excitedly on the phone before, but now once they finally met it felt difficult just to find a decent topic to talk about. He watched as Cas looked around and stopped at some objects that grabbed his attention.
There was a short pause from Dean before he answered, “No, that’s okay, Cas. It was on me. I mean, Sam wasn’t surprised or anything like that. He’s alright. He doesn’t mind or anything. His issue was more on me. He, uh, he expected me to tell him about me, instead of hiding it.”
Eileen's eyebrows raised even higher if that was possible, "Right, one of these days, I want to hear more about your love journey with Cas, Dean."
“No, same as you, I’m waiting for a brother,” Dean chuckled and looked around him, a quiet Mexican restaurant with low lights and probably soon a too loud
He took his phone and keys, then picked up his jacket from the floor before walking out of the room quietly. With his eyes half-closed, he whispered "Please, let it be
With that, Cas watched as Dean walked to the lift, and turned around facing him, while waiting for the lift to arrive. He made a mental note to thank Lucifer for having a place just across the lift. After Dean was gone inside the lift, Castiel closed the door and he knew he will have that wide grin on his face until the end of the week. Or until the next meeting with Dean.
The meeting was completely boring for Dean, since it talked more about the technical of the holiday the school will take just before the summer holiday starts, which he and Benny didn’t actually need to be involved in the first place already. The only thing that got his attention throughout the one hour and a half in the meeting hall was the location of the holiday.
Dean knew that he couldn’t let everyone around him work this hard for something he wanted, especially Jack. He felt like he was asking too much of the boy. In the last twenty-four hours, Jack had done a lot for the world, literally, yet here he is, practically offering himself to help Dean.
“Oh, nothing, I just have some free period until my next class and I want to see you,” Dean shrugged as if they had done this regularly. But Cas didn’t have a chance to blush or anything, because on the next second Dean had continued, “Hey, let’s me show you my place. Well, my workplace that is.”
Bela Talbot was supposedly Sam’s senior, but she took a break after finishing her Undergraduate, and travel. She enrolled her Master class at the same year as Sam, and they had two minor classes together, and that was how they met.
It was Wednesday afternoon when Castiel finished early at work and driving Gabriel and Claire to the airport, they’ll be flying back to Los Angeles. Gabriel said he’ll be back in two weeks, and Claire would depend on her father’s permission if she could go or not.
than he knew. Yes, it started out as a curious crush when he first saw him at the canteen. Until said man popped up at his practice’s door, with a smile and friendly yet hypnotising eyes, that made Castiel blushed. He also had that cheeky sense of humour. And the way he looked at Castiel, like he was someone that would solve the puzzle of his world. All those were enough to make the dentist to feel …
Rowena had many exciting tales from the day she claimed the throne of Hell that are highly amusing. It was amazing to know that her witching skill was now even more powerful than the demons in Hell.
A dry laugh escaped Dean’s mouth, “Yeah, you’re right. Well, at least we managed to finish uni, eh?” his question was responded by similar sounds of laughter that he had before from Sam. “Which reminds me, don’t forget breakfast at Bobby’s tomorrow. What do you want to bring?”
of family and friends of the Winchesters. Like Chuck had. And by the way, what was that place I was sent to by Chuck? Did I die? Did my family die?”
called you, Garth. Anyway, you guys are okay there? You, Bess, the kids?” he lifted his legs to the cushion in front of him and leant back to the green couch in his bedroom. He stared blankly to his room that curiously looked more vacant now. Has Cas always filled the void in his room somehow?
Hearing that question, Balthazar laughed, “An ordinary high school, Cassie. Not our fault if we, beautiful people, got hired here.”
flower bouquet? No! Don't listen to him, Dean. I'm fine going by myself, after all I'm quite sure I'll be having him over, and I have to drive him here anyway."
Dean groaned in defeat, “I still think this is weird, man. You’re giving away your ex to me? Look, even after I got over the fact that I’ll be having a hand-me-down, I-“
“Cas, I’m really sorry, but I think Charlie’s waving maniacally to me now. I gotta go back for the next film.”
All this time, with Cas being an angel and had his own way of thinking and feeling things, Dean would reckon that
Cas, whose face was now entirely flushed red and breathing heavily, had his mouth gaped in a needy way. True enough, in the next second, he pulled Dean's face for a kiss.
He could feel the familiar heat radiated from the tanned body above him, even with the other person wasn’t exactly pressed on him. Instead, sat on his crotch and bounced with passionate lust. He adored how sweat glistened the body, made it even more sensual and brought such a fascinating sight to his eyes, and to his fingers as he slithered them to the dark skin smoothly.
He never was the religious one in the family, but Castiel always thanked his father for giving him and his siblings the names of angels. And he knew he will always be fascinated by them. The angels, not his siblings.
So, he'll pick Cas up at his place - oops, Cas and Juliet - and later they will drop by at the supermarket to find out what they will cook. True, that he still have the
“Come on, Sammy. I’m just bored with relationships and sex. It’s like repeating the same pattern every time.”
Cas didn’t get a chance to answer, Dean had already turned him around, pushed him to the fridge, and gently placed a hand on his throat.
In the manner that was quite familiar to one Dean Winchester, Crowley smiled, or actually smirked, and threw a smug look sideways to Dean. "When you thought crowned as King is the top of your career, being offered as an entity that was close enough to God surely tickled your interest."
A light chuckle came from the other line after Cas’ stutter, sent a trigger to his face muscle to make a smile. “Talk again tomorrow, Cas?”
"To be fair, he was a dick angel at the time," Dean raised his hands to defend himself. "Long story short, he swallowed half of the souls in Purgatory to win the Civil War in Heaven. Then he claimed himself as the new God, and went murdering people who he didn't see eye to eye with."
“Well, not date, date per se. Sammy’s girlfriend suddenly had to go home, so Charlie stepped in. She’s family. Besides, I don’t think Sammy’s her type at all,” Dean looked to his shoes and smiled widely. He turned to his side and noticed Cas was staring at him with his doe eyes, and a very small hardly-used part of Dean’s brain suddenly made a decision that he wouldn’t mind to see that face next to him in the morning.
They shared a kiss, a soft and light kiss that was hardly accompanied with opened mouths and exploring tongues. It was only them exchanging light pecks.
Castiel poured more wine into his glass, then he swirled it lazily before taking a drink. He actually still remembered that Dean was about to say something to him before Abaddon came. Yet, he didn't know if he wanted to hear the rest of the sentence or not.
Dean shook his head, then looked up to meet Eileen's face, "No, no. the new Death. Lucifer made some random girl as Death when we were looking for ways to defeat Chuck. But, of course, she was dead as well afterwards. Which means the position of Death is vacant again, and we didn't know who was the next in line."
Dean can stepped inside the flat after Cas opened the door wider as an invitation, then he had Juliet barked excitedly at him. After he gave the mutt a friendly pat, the black dog went to the couch in front of the telly and sat there.
The question that Rowena threw was something of the matter. However, Eileen couldn't help giggling at the remark, especially when she received a whisper of "Told you" from Sam.
“Samuel,” Castiel tilted his head to one side and repeated the name with a voice that made Dean have to give his mind another trivial thought on mundanity.
Charlie let the boys go to unlock her door, then turned to receive her bags from Sam and Dean. “Thank you, boys. So, same time next weekend? Dinner with Cas?”
"Aww, child, you're just growing up, that's all," the petite girl wrapped her arms around Castiel and snuggled his floofy hair. They swung leisurely while enjoying the comforting silence between them.
He felt Dean’s thumb slithered lightly from below his chin to his jaw and across his stubble, sending a rough sensation right down to the insides of his stomach. Cas closed his eyes when he felt Dean’s thumb was now moved to his mouth and rubbed his lower lip.
"That really was unexpected," Cas mumbled, "do you think Billie knew what would happen to me, and she decided that you might be a help for them to get to The Empty?"
And with that, the topic changed to one of Bobby’s friend, Garth, who managed to blew up a tractor at his farm without even turning it on. Dean let out a quiet sigh of relief at the shift.
“But, we’ll see how it goes,” Castiel played with his phone screen, “not sure he’s into me that way.”
The air in the library had turned lighter with their stories, Jack can even share how Chuck wanted to kill him twice for siding with the Winchesters.
After all the dishes were done, Dean and Jack went to join Sam and Eileen in the library. It turned out, both people were already nosed deep in the books. Dean saw Eileen look up first and noticed them, before tapping Sam’s shoulder to get his attention.
The loud sneeze froze Castiel who was making tea for his guest, and he suddenly remembered a trivial fact about the man in his living room.
Then he got up and brought his hand to touch the face, to caress the chiselled jaw and cheekbones. They were
Before he could say what he wanted, Dean had shut Cas' mouth with a kiss. He could feel the angel in his arm stiffened by the surprise of what he did, but it didn't last long. Next thing he knew, Cas grabbed Dean's shoulder and arm that felt like out of desperation. Dean responded by once again placing his hands on the sides of Cas' face.
Naomi told him that she’s leaving? Usually she just went. “That’s okay, Naomi. I’ll lock up. Enjoy your weekend.”
And be thankful that he wore the white robe that covered down to his lap. Not that Dean could see his lap from across the desk.
“Well, see how you’ll like it, Sammy. If you weren’t comfortable or you suddenly had plans, just say so. I will be at home anyway with my guest,” Dean shrugged and started to savour his meal.
It was then all excitement and impulsiveness from him, as Dean brought Cas' face closer and kissed him.
