Sherlock grew cold inside.
Sherlock could not get his thoughts organised. It was a mess; his mind palace was completely disorganised. “Lestrade broke your nose on my behalf.”
Slowly, Sherlock turned, and for the rest of his life, he would be grateful that both Gregory and Mycroft had their arms about his back, their solidarity firm and unshakeable. Lips pressed tight together, Sherlock managed to look directly at John and ignored Lisa. His ex-lover looked trim and more fit than ever. His stomach had lost that soft swell that John had been fighting with since he’d left the army.
How? Since when?” John was now staring at Danny’s arm around Sherlock’s waist, and his voice was clipped and full of sceptical incredulity.
“Three, John. I can feel them already. Two boys and one girl.” John was almost delirious with happiness. He had everything and more. He was the happiest of people because his mate was brilliant, beautiful, and pregnant. Their lives were just beginning, and they would have a full and loving adventure together. John and Sherlock stood in the middle of their home, their eyes locked together as they kissed once more and began to plan. Together, they could do anything, be anything, handle anything, because together, they were perfect.
“Safe. She’s at the school, was s’posed to pick ‘er up at three.” It was barely one PM and John’s legs felt watery and unstable. He didn’t feel numb the way he’d hoped, and his sister sighed, shaking her head because she understood exactly how he felt. Harry hefted him up, made sure his bill was squared away, and collected his credit card from the sympathetic looking bartender, “I’m such a fuck up, Harry.”
. Sherlock struggled to control his breathing and to remain focused on his friend instead of disappearing into his mind palace to catalogue every moment of this evening. How lovely it had felt to have John’s hand on him. It hadn’t been sexual, instead, Sherlock had felt comforted and even supported by the casualness of the gesture.
Sherlock’s eyes were filled with a new kind of intensity, one made up of feelings that John sincerely hoped he wasn’t misinterpreting. “If that’s the case,” Sherlock whispered softly, “Then perhaps you won’t mind if I…”
Once more, Sherlock reached for him and John allowed himself to be pulled into the wordless omega’s embrace. Sherlock was trembling, but it stopped the moment he managed to press his nose against the skin of John’s throat. The omega relaxed once more, almost dozing in John’s arms, a contented purr rumbling through him as Sherlock began to enter a deeper stage of heat. John found himself holding Sherlock protectively, carefully cradling his thin body closely. “Mine,” he purred, snuggling as close as possible, his eyes shut, his face content and relaxed.
Instead of returning to his mournful occupation, John took out a puzzle for them to work on. “It’s a bit childish, isn’t it John?” Sherlock looked curiously at the large box now dominating their temporarily empty kitchen table.
. He had a lot of repressed sexual energy to expunge and her arsehole was swollen with use after he was done, but he soothed her with extra cash on top of everything he’d already offered, and a suggestion for an easily obtained medical crème that would help her along. After the prostitute left the cheap room he’d rented, John allowed himself to finally think about his problem.
“What?”
John checked every few days to see if the boxes had moved but they never did. Nervously, John settled back into life at the flat, concentrating on his work, and the Work, always at the ready to loan Sherlock whatever assistance he required. In between, John made sure the flat was tidy enough, and that nothing rotting in the fridge was meant to be that way, that their med kit in the bathroom was always fully stocked or that at least, a replenishment list was being made, and that all their bills were taken care of. It gave him a sense of order and completion to do these things, and it was a good thing it did because Sherlock didn’t care a bit for any of it. Sherlock was willing to hire a cleaner before doing it himself and wasn’t beyond going out and buying new clothing before resorting to doing the laundry. The man owned an unimaginable amount of pants, which told John more than he was comfortable admitting he knew.
Suddenly suspicious and protective, John began to pay attention to the newcomer. If he was even slightly shady, John would risk everything to ensure Danny disappeared forever.
Perhaps it was cruel to mention an ex-girlfriend right then, especially since Sarah was an omega, one who had shared her heat with John once. Mary’s face crumpled dramatically, tears welling up yet not quite spilling over. John reminded himself that he cared for this woman, but he wasn’t feeling it right then. He’d already asked her once if he could just have a few minutes to himself, and instead, her endless commentary had begun. John was trying. He just needed half-an-hour of silence so that he could wrap his head around things, to just breathe and try to regroup but she just would not let up. John knew that he was far too disconcerted for diplomacy, but he tried. “Sorry, just…my temper isn’t at its best at the moment.”
It was a damnable situation to be stuck in. John was technically a widower now, and childless to boot. He loved the girl he’d thought was his daughter but finding out that his late wife had cheated on him had predicated the following blood-test, and now, his little Rosie was being raised by the extended family of Charles Augustus Magnussen, the very man his flatmate had killed right in front of him. It was all too bitter-sweet to think on, especially now.
“My great huge git of a friend wearing the same pyjamas he had on three days ago? Why am I in your bed? Why are you watching me? What’s going on? Why do I feel so weak?”
John was walking up the stairs when his mobile vibrated. It was a text from Sherlock, “Just learned that we’ll be off to Scotland to follow some leads. Back in a week. Please inform Watson that I will be bringing her a surprise upon my return.”
Danny was silent but clearly overcome with both positive and negative emotions. Knowing full well what it was like to be torn apart by your own feelings, Sherlock did what he’d always wanted someone to do for him, he held Danny tight to him, and just let him process. It wasn’t until Mycroft returned that Danny pushed himself away, wiping his eyes, and focussing on what he was being shown.
“That’s not new news.” Sherlock smiled sadly, his heart gently aching for his beloved. There was no point lying to himself. Danny was marvellous, and Sherlock didn’t regret anything they’d done together.  Still, it was difficult to stand in front of his friend and admit that he had turned a page and was beginning a new chapter in his life, “John has to make his own decisions. Nothing I’ve done has compelled him so far. I won’t keep waiting for
“Yeah, sure, okay. So?” John felt as ridiculous as he ever did.
John cut him off again, “So, you’re actually stuck. Whatever you actually are, the magic works on you for real.”
“Good man, good thinking, grovelling is most definitely in order,” replied Harry approvingly, “He’s worth it, isn’t he? You love him that much?”
It wasn’t the worst day he’d ever lived through, but it wasn’t the best, either. It was his birthday but there was no cake, no presents, no friends, nothing. Mrs Hudson had said that she was going to do something special for him but she never got the chance. Instead, the worried older woman had needed to rush off to her sister’s who had sprained her leg falling on ice only that morning. His landlady needed to leave as soon as she could to assist the last of her family through the holidays. She didn’t expect to be back until the middle of February, depending on how well her sister recuperated. Sherlock spent his 38
John’s eyes widened as his brain translated the messages his nose was giving him.
“The specs on your bill of sale say that you’re a virgin but forgive me if I don’t take the word of a junkie and his slavers. I am a doctor and we’re going directly to my clinic where you will undergo a full physical. I have plans for you beginning as soon as possible, and I need you in perfect health.”
person,
The flat looked wrong. There were huge swathes of emptiness, the walls blank, the shelves unoccupied. John hadn’t made a single attempt to fill the void he’d left behind when he had fled to his brother’s houses. “You left it all as it was.”
“Did you?” John seemed to own a dozen hands. Sherlock felt his touches everywhere. “I don’t want to be an experiment to you. I want this to be something that’s special to you.”
Tentatively, he licked John all over, paying special attention to the wrinkly sacks that held his testicles. John seemed really enjoy that, his cock quickly growing fat and thick. He memorised the shape and texture of every part of John’s cock, mentally noting any instance where his master showed increased positive responses. Gingerly, he took the head in his mouth and lightly sucked. John moaned and patted his hair encouragingly. Sherlock knew John had enjoyed pushing himself deep into his throat so slowly, he took more and more of John inside until it was uncomfortable. Taking it easy, Sherlock continued to allow John to bump the back of his mouth, acclimating himself, trying to make his gag reflex non-reactive. John hummed appreciatively, “Such a good boy, look at you practising to deep throat. Clever lad, just what I need.”
It didn’t stay tender for long. Sherlock demanded more and more. John had never fucked anyone like this and it was mind-blowing. He’d never been with someone where he hadn’t need to move with caution, prepared to pull out the moment he was too much for his lover. Sherlock wanted every inch, demanding that John bury himself right up to his knot as hard as he could. John’s alpha took complete control and he was gone. “I need you, my alpha, been waiting so long for you. Yes, yes my beautiful John.” Both of them orgasmed soon after, their limbs trembling as John spent deep inside Sherlock’s eager body. Nothing else mattered.
He didn’t fail to notice that John had failed to respond to the questions at hand, again, and was trying to redirect the conversation away from the tangible point. It made him furious, “Everything, I think. I can read your face, John. Maybe you haven’t
“It’s my new life mission, then,” stated Danny grandly, “I’m going to make Sherlock blush all the time.”
Sherlock understood John in a way no one, not even the disturbingly perceptive Mary Morstan, had been able to do, though she had played John well. There was never a need to explain his own character to Sherlock, even if his actions often took the consulting detective by surprise, Sherlock knew exactly who John was as a human being. John was a man of many degrees, and Sherlock shockingly found all of them amiable and even interesting. John was properly humbled that a genius like Sherlock considered him a friend. He had tried for so long to respect Sherlock’s cerebral self by restraining his urge to become closer, and tonight, John knew he was losing that fight.
When the front door pushed opened, Danny yanked up Sherlock’s pyjamas but not before John got an eyeful of where Danny’s fingers had been, and there was no hiding the fact that Sherlock had several centimetres of hard cock in his mouth. Danny grabbed the Union Jack pillow and hid his lap as Sherlock pulled off and sat up, “What the fuck, John! Don’t you knock?” Danny demanded with furious indignation, “I know you
“Why didn’t he just tell me?” Sherlock put the book back. He was reeling, his emotions swirling in a dizzying storm, unsettled and confusing, “Why did he let this go on like this?”
Sherlock knew that his very nature brought out the worst in humans. There was something about being near him that triggered them to reveal the darkest parts of themselves. All humans had blackness inside, they couldn’t help it, it was how they were made. Sherlock worked endlessly to understand it, and he was getting better, but mostly because of John’s invaluable assistance.
Interesting question. Sherlock couldn’t be compelled to return, not now, but because of the bond, John could now go with him. “We’ll stay as long as you want. When you’re ready, but only if you truly want to, we can go to my homeland. It’s called The Green.”
Sherlock looked dazed. His eyes were locked on John’s small soft prick and he wasn’t blinking. John wondered if disappointment had paralyzed him. He wasn’t expecting Sherlock to collapse to his knees, his eyes still fixed on John’s little penis, “Oh,
“Sherlock
“I feel the same, in fact,” John seemed to be considering some things, “Let’s make a day of it. I can’t possibly go again for a few hours at least, so why don’t we have breakfast, get on with our routine, and then, after lunch, maybe we can go to the bedroom and I’ll let you do whatever you want to me.” Sherlock had a difficult time grasping the concept for a moment and began to speak but John cut him off, “I know that you want to prove something to yourself, to overcome the trauma of your dreams but listen for a moment, Sherlock. Your body is healed but it is still in a very fragile state. I don’t think you’re ready to receive me quite yet.” Sherlock scowled and John grinned, “That’s not no forever, love, what I’m
it feels to be wanted.  “You’re big, too,” Sherlock says as his strokes increase in speed over his own cock.  He bites his bottom lip, still swollen from John’s earlier kisses, and closes his eyes.  He is so close to coming that John can hear it in his breathing.  “I can’t believe how big you are.”  Sherlock whines softly and his hand starts twisting at the end of his strokes, squeezing along the crown of his cock the way he does when he is about to orgasm.  John’s own strokes speed up to match them.  “I want to touch you so badly, John.  I want to taste you.  I can’t wait for you to fuck me.”  The words barely make it out of Sherlock’s mouth—that sinful mouth—before he gasps and his orgasm overtakes him, racking his body with shudders and streaking across the skin of his soft belly and his groin.
But he needed to hear the words, to have his assumption confirmed, to really
Sherlock huffs out a breath and wiggles under him, his arse moving enticingly.  “Yes,” he grits out.  And then, “No.”  He shakes his head and inhales sharply.  “I don’t kno—”
John pauses for a moment and can do nothing but stare, certain he has heard Sherlock wrong.
“I want to go to university here, in London,” Sherlock says lowly, his voice a deep rumble in the quiet of their sitting room.  His hands move up to clench and tighten around John’s trousers, fingers tangling in the khaki material until they turn white in desperation.  “I want to stay with you,” he urges, voice growing frantic quickly.
John leaves Sherlock’s house that evening feeling infinitely more comfortable with everything that they are doing and hoping that Sherlock feels the same way.
“This is he.”
“Answer me, Sherlock,” John grits out through clenched teeth, shoving into him deep.
“It will be amazing and you’ll love it,” John continues to tell Sherlock as they move against one another again.  “You’ll never want me to stop fucking you.
John knew that look, knew that it meant that Sherlock’s guard was up.  The brunette was not the easiest man to have a conversation with when it was about nothing of consequence—John cringed to think about how this particular discussion would go.
John can hear a slight hitch in the teen’s tone.
Sherlock’s nausea did not come back—thankfully—and his sex drive seemed to have returned with a vengeance—again, thankfully—and John couldn’t remember a time in his life when he had ever been happier.
” Sherlock asks, and John has to bite back a moan, his cock swelling to full arousal in his fist as he pulls at it.  His eyes slide shut and his head drops back against the wall of the bathroom.
There is no need for him to even explain the situation to Sherlock when the teen gets to the coffee shop.  Sherlock can read it all on the tense lines of John’s body and the weary look on his face.
“Mr. Holmes?  I’m Dr. Lambert.  Dr. Greenwhich is still with one of his other patients, so I’ll be taking care of you today.”  The woman turned towards John and her smile seemed to grow to epic proportions.  “I don’t believe anyone here has met your friend, Mr. Holmes,” she said pleasantly.  “Is this the fath—”
When he finally felt as though he could break away from John without dying from the pain of it, he brought his own hands up to cup the back of John’s head, keeping their foreheads pressed together and making their noses bump against one another, their breath meeting in the small space between their lips in soft, aroused pants.
house and I thought it might be fun to pick out the paint samples together,” she says slowly, as if she is speaking to a child.  “Besides, I figured that it would just be nice to spend some time together.  I didn’t think it mattered what we were doing.”
He pulls them out of Sherlock’s mouth when the brunet is least expecting it, smearing a trail of spit across the man’s face.  Sherlock whines at the loss of contact, but he is quickly placated when he feels John’s wet fingers sliding over his hole.  John pushes one finger in and Sherlock gasps at the sensation, always so strange, but he relaxes into it and John plunges deeper, getting him used to the feeling.
“John, what—?” Sherlock begins, but John kisses the back of his shoulder and pulls his hand away from Sherlock’s thighs to rub the rest of the lotion over his own cock, slicking it up and getting it completely hard.  Then he lines his body up with Sherlock’s so that they will fit properly, his chest and hips to Sherlock’s back and thighs, and presses Sherlock’s leg back down, shifting lower so that his cock is trapped between Sherlock’s thighs.
John is incoherent, babbling, not even really aware of what he is saying, but it seems to make Sherlock happy.  The man moans and fucks into him harder, angling now so that each thrust brushes against John’s sensitive prostate, and John keens.
John lowers his head once again and kisses him, tongues and teeth and tears mixing together.  Sherlock’s hips rock back up into John’s, cock straining and hard, body yearning under him.  John desperately wants to take him but before he can he needs to know, needs to know what Sherlock wants for their future, where Sherlock sees them in a few months’ time.  John has hidden from these questions for long enough, but he knows that he can’t ignore them any longer.  Not after today.
The doctor sighed in the dark beside him and he felt John roll over onto his back. “What is it, then? Wanting a bowl of pistachio ice cream? I don’t think there’s any left from last night. And if you think there’s any way I’m getting out of bed and going down to the store at this time of night, you’re daft.”
in an empty flat and John has always been able to improvise in a pinch.  It would be a shame to waste an opportunity, after all.
He stepped away from John and the other man carefully as they stood on the sidewalk in front of what had once been 221 Baker Street, picking his way slowly up the front steps and through the front entryway that was empty now, the door burned to ashes that crunched softly beneath his feet as he stepped on them.
that feels familiar and yet strange all at the same time.  He lifts his arms to hug her back and has some trouble finding the right places to hold, the natural contours of her body where he had once fit so easily.
“Where does it hurt?  Tell Daddy so that he can kiss it all away.”
, John.”
people
Sherlock snuggles deeply into his chest, rubbing his face back and forth across John’s button down and hugging the man back just as tightly as he is being held.  He lets out a relieved sob that turns into a happy little laugh.  “I do, John.  I do,” Sherlock tells him.
“You did?” Sherlock asks him after a moment, deducing silently that John isn’t playing some sort of trick on him.
to yourself, mate,” Mike stresses, and this time it is he who reaches out to put a hand on John’s shoulder, to stop John from turning away.  “You sound crazy.  I’m your friend.  You know I am.  So I’m telling you this as your friend: you can’t keep seeing him.  It’s not
“It’s not open for discussion, Sherlock.  That’s final.”
“There is a car that will pull up to you in a moment with a woman inside,” the voice on the other end of the line states, and as it speaks its words come true.  A sleek-looking black sedan pulls up in the car park and stops right beside John, who is staring at it in amazement, stunned silent.  The door opens from the inside and reveals a strikingly beautiful brunette woman in a smart skirt suit.  She smiles charmingly at John for a moment before turning her attention back to the smartphone in her hands as the voice in his ear says, “Get into the car, Dr. Watson.  I would make some sort of threat, but I’m sure your situation is quite clear to you.”
John thinks, the annoyance bubbling up inside of his chest and turning into flat-out anger.
“I…h-had to get h-home somehow,” the boy answers, still cheeky even when nearly hypothermic.
On the other side of the door, he can hear Sherlock shuffle about.  “I’ll move if you make me a promise before I do.”
“Yeah, baby.  You can finish again, it’s all right,” John tells him, running his own hand over his spit-slick shaft.  The feel of it is simply amazing.  “It’s more than all right—it’s wonderful.  It drives me crazy that I can make you this way, Sherlock.  God, it makes me so hard.”  He pumps his cock faster as he feels Sherlock frot into his leg.
“John, you’re absolutely filthy,” Sherlock says with a breathless chuckle as he recovers from his orgasm, flopping forward against John’s chest and causing them to fall back against the bed, heedless of John’s comfort.  “I had no idea you had such a delightfully dirty imagination.  I think I rather like it.”  John can practically hear the wicked smile on Sherlock’s lips.
God help him.
is all that it says.
“I daresay we’d enjoy it just a tad more if we didn’t have to sneak around town like children playing hooky from school,” he stated rather scathingly to the plump old doctor, and got an elbow shoved none too carefully into his back by John for his rudeness.
Sherlock narrows his light green eyes at him as if to say that he doesn’t care at all if John has been put out by this.  He doesn’t speak for a moment and the longer John sits there and stares back at him, the more he can see something dangerous forming on Sherlock’s face.
His throat tightened as he remembered what John had said to him.  The worst things that Sherlock had thought about the situation he had put himself and John into, the worst fears that he had kept locked up tight so that he didn’t have to face them, and John had thrown them in his face.  Every horrible thing that he had ever thought about himself, and the one person whom he tried to hide all of that from not only thought the same things, too, but threw them back at Sherlock.
“A little girl
John knows exactly what that feels like.
Sherlock drops his mouth to John’s cock once more and rubs it against his cheek as he sucks at the sensitive spot on the underside just below the head for a moment before mouthing up and down the length.  He gets to the tip and swirls his tongue around the glans before sliding his lips over the shaft again, but only taking less than half of John’s length into his mouth.
Sherlock sighs, annoyed, but humours him.  “A couple years back her husband got himself sentenced to death in Florida.  I was able to help her out.”
The night before Sherlock’s appointment, John tossed and turned on Lestrade’s couch, restless and agitated.  There was a nagging, niggling feeling in the back of his mind and in the middle of his chest that he could not get rid of.
Sherlock stares at him in wide-eyed amazement and then nods, lifting up his head for a kiss.
In that moment, watching his adult lover hug a ridiculously-smiling bee soft toy, John has the strongest feelings of protectiveness and possessiveness he thinks he has ever felt for Sherlock, outside of jealousy.  Even stronger than the very first time that he had seen Sherlock beaten bloody by his alcoholic father and John had taken him to hospital, back before they had become romantically involved with each other.  Back when Sherlock was still just his student and John was just his teacher, and Sherlock was running to him for help from his abusive drunk of a father.  What he feels now, though, is even stronger than that; it is a deep-seated desire to protect Sherlock from everything and anything, because Sherlock is his now, whereas he wasn’t before.  Sherlock trusts John, and he looks to John for care and guidance now.
“I never wear it.”
“I know, love,” John smiled softly as he finished rinsing Sherlock free of soap, “This is the best Christmas I’ve ever had.”
John lost his mind. Savagely he threw himself against the glass, kicking and punching anywhere he might be able to break through, but it was impervious to his wrath. When his knuckles were bloody, and three of his toes broken as well as five of his fingers, John resorted to slamming his head against the unforgiving surface, determined to kill himself rather than live without the man he loved.
a good day, Sherlock Holmes. It’s one of the worst days. Never mind John, someone is killing off homeless people, kids mostly. Homemade drugs are being handed out for free. We found a whole group of them dead in their shelter. You used to care about your network, do you still?”
. Steeling himself for the inevitable mocking and rejection that was sure to follow, John did the only thing he could think to do at the moment. He closed his eyes, undid his trousers and pushed them down to his thighs. His fingers curled into fists and he turned his face away before he had the courage to open his eyes. His heart was going to be shredded by Sherlock, it couldn’t be prevented now. Since there was no point in putting it off, John opened his eyes and peeked.
“You were a surgeon. You had lives on the line and these hands have resurrected many who would have perished without their skills. Even if you aren’t a surgeon any longer, you still retain the knowledge.” Sherlock sounded aroused!
, John, but you don’t have to keep being this way. You can rise above this. It is trash
Against the odds, they were together again at 221 B Baker Street. Despite everything, new scars and all, they’d both survived years of unpleasant surprises and even less enjoyable separations. There were no more chances to lose, no more opportunities to allow to slip by. It was time.
Suddenly John found himself being closely examined by the elder Holmes. John didn’t resist as his eyes were checked, his neck gently palpated, and his pulse taken. “You two never make things simple,” he groused. “John’s in an alpha version of subspace. He’s submitted himself entirely to you. At this depth, he’s practically a hair’s width away from needing you to command him to keep breathing. He’s turned all his free will over to you as a gesture of willing subservience.”
The omega was shaking. His body was preparing for the bonding by shutting down all the processes that were unnecessary for it, soon he wouldn’t be able to speak, nor would he be able to deny anything John asked of him. It made John’s heart swell with pride that Sherlock was allowing himself to be so helpless and vulnerable, just for John. He wouldn’t let his omega down. As soon as he washed Sherlock from head to toe, and himself as well, John led his placid omega out from under the water and dried him off quickly. Sherlock’s skin was beginning to heat up as his temperature rose, and the smell of his slick began to fill the air. John growled hungrily.
You beat me. You
. Sherlock knew the
John locked the door to his personal rooms behind them before he answered, “I don’t want a partnership, I want to have someone completely. I want to control their life, utterly. I want everything they need to come from my hands. I want their sole concern to be my pleasure and happiness. If I want to handle you with tenderness, I will. If I want to work my anger and frustration off on you, I will, and I won't need to apologise because you're not my boyfriend
“Yes, John, split me open.” Sherlock would never say such things to anyone but it seemed like exactly the right thing to say to John, who didn’t argue. “Make me come.” It didn’t feel awkward at all saying so, not when he meant it so sincerely.
Sherlock’s words were breathy and strangely high-pitched, “John, you are remarkably tenacious for a man so very ill. While I am enjoying this immensely, I feel the need to urge you to cease.
Danny said with a straight face, demonstrating right there in the street.
Omega pheromones rolled off of Sherlock like a heavy wave, crashing into John’s olfactory system, whiting out his higher cognitive functions. He was helpless to resist as Sherlock’s demands effortlessly sliced their way through all of John’s reasons to deny the omega. His cock had never grown so large nor so hard. His knot was already swelling, something that hadn’t happened to John since he’d been a very young man. Sherlock’s pheromones were more powerful than any omega John had ever come across, affecting him to such a substantial degree that he couldn’t think straight, he could only obey. John was utterly under Sherlock’s control. His most primitive instincts began to overtake him once again. Sherlock’s smell was dizzyingly intoxicating. Both men acted out without needing to think about it, and when he next came to himself, John had already mounted Sherlock and was sliding easily into him, the way tight for his fat cock, but so very wet and welcoming.
, Johnny…” Harry sounded concerned now, “John, why should Sherlock trust you when you can’t trust yourself? You’re better than this, I know you are, so here’s what I think. Danny is here now, but he might not be here forever. Stop thinking so selfishly, John, think about Sherlock and what he needs. Support him. Be a real friend, no expectations. Give him a piece of that beautiful person that you are, let him know that you’re there for him.”
about your active sex life? Maybe I need to ask about how many women you’ve bedded over the holidays, or even just today?” John’s face darkened, and Sherlock’s impatience grew, “As for Rosie, she is
“You’re having a bite of everything, tea as well.” John made sure Sherlock consumed at least two large bites of all the sides, and his entire portion of roast. Sherlock felt downcast, weak and filled with self-loathing, “It’s okay, Sherlock. I know you’re mad at yourself but look at it this way, you have no choice. It’s not your fault. I’m a bloody good doctor, believe me, I could make the straightest man in the world orgasm himself almost to death. You’ve got no chance at resisting what I can make your body feel. There’s no point feeling bad about it. I’m going to make you come so many times that you’ll hardly recall tonight. Just because I’m making myself feel good doesn’t mean that you’re not going to have more than a few good rounds right along with me.”
, well before he ever chose Sherlock. “It is painfully clear that I cannot trust you, John, not with my heart, and not in my bed. You’ve made your choice, once again, and I am just the fool who until today could not see it.”
“Three.”
John had made his choice, and he most definitely had not picked Sherlock...again. Sherlock deleted everything without listening to the last voicemails or reading all the texts.
, and it was a marvel to him that he hadn’t died from heartbreak already.
Lisa gasped, “Oh my!”
club. Upon arriving, DI Lestrade proceeded to assault Doctor Watson by way of one solid blow to his upper nasal cartilage. I imagine the doctor will have a substantially increased snore after this. The DI is very good, he stopped short of actually breaking it. He instead arrested Doctor Watson for trespassing since he is not a member of the
John tugged away the stockings until Sherlock was bare beneath his little skirt. His cock was still hiding shyly in its foreskin, but John put his mouth right on it anyway. Sherlock’s fingers were in his hair and he was gasping John’s name repeatedly in a voice that
Sherlock began to wake. All other worries and concerns evaporated as the doctor paid even closer attention to the man beside him. He marked the increase in Sherlock’s breaths, watched his expression as he rose to awareness, and carefully took Sherlock’s wrist in his fingers to measure his pulse. At first, the detective’s eyes fluttered for a moment but then the omega seemed to become instantaneously galvanised, scuttling away from John in the blink of an eye, and standing in the corner of the bedroom, his Cupid bow lips curled back into a snarl, “Don’t touch me!”
Sherlock was puzzled
asleep making this…adventure…somewhat illegal as I cannot obtain your consent for sexual acts while you are in this continuing state. I hope you can hear me because you are currently sucking the intellect right out of me,
He lost himself in his research to the degree that one day he needed supplies. He had four different experiments going and he needed Petri dishes, slides, and other consumables. His once ample collection had eroded via attrition, and he didn’t have nearly enough. It was time to go pick up another stash of narcotics anyway, so Sherlock dressed warmly and left 221 B Baker Street for a rare outdoor excursion. He bumped into someone he didn’t expect. Sally Donovan was in the supply store, speaking to the manager about shipping requirements for restricted compounds. Sherlock tried to ignore her, but she walked right over and without any preamble, she said, “He’s a drunken wreck without you, Sherlock. John’s been in the clink a dozen times, no one’s got the heart to press charges. He’s killing himself with the bottle.”
, and I know Angelo will make me some garlic toast to tide me over until everything’s ready.”
John felt like a fool
. The man was patient, that was clear, simply standing there and waiting for Sherlock's price to drop to the lowest possible level. “£100,” shouted the auctioneer with impatience after a quick and steady drop in unit price, “He's relatively young, he's fairly healthy or he will be if you can keep him clean, in fact, make
. He’d do anything he had to in order to keep that look on his beloved’s face.
“Harry, no,” he protested weakly because John didn’t want to be compared to his late father; violent unforgiving merciless bastard that he was, and yet that’s exactly how
“Daddy! Daddy! Daddy!” Sherlock was panting desperately. He’d never been fucked so intensely. This man really knew what he was about, thrusting deep, but also riding Sherlock with deft shallow strokes, teasing his prostate mercilessly. Normally Sherlock would have gotten off at least once by now, but this man knew how to slow down, how to cool off, and then, how to get things going hard all over again. He was inventive in the poses he made Sherlock accept, always managing to drive his wonderfully flared cock deep into Sherlock willing and greedy body. “You’re going to make me come.”
Once a week, John went through Sherlock’s possessions on the search for illegal narcotics. The detective had fallen prey to his addiction more than once since he’d come back from the dead, and he had ample reason to try and dull his memory and senses. John didn’t berate his friend, even though he’d found some on three different occasions. Sherlock had thanked him every time for taking them away. His addiction wasn’t something the detective had wanted ruling his life, but he was weak, sometimes caving enough to purchase if not use them, and relied heavily on John to keep him right. They were a mess, but they were a mess together. During his last search, John had happened across a rather posh looking box that was just the right size to hold all the accoutrements of Sherlock’s bad habit, so John had opened it only to find a pair of high-heeled shoes instead. They were red, the heels long and narrow, the toes closed, with great wide ribbons in matching shades to go about the ankles. They were the fanciest shoes he’d ever seen, and big.
Cursing his weakness, John took out his mobile, deleted his dating app profile, and even removed the app itself.
And stared.
given David up, then why should I make Sherlock have only part of me?  You’ve been betraying me this entire time, and here it is: it’s all or nothing, Mary, that’s what marriage means to me. It’s just like a bond – neither of us should be able to cheat.” He knew he wasn’t even slightly attracted to the naked woman in front of him, not any longer.
His enigmatic answer intrigued Sherlock, even as he watched Rosie closely still, “Independent then?” Deductions were flying at him but for once, Sherlock wanted to get answers the old-fashioned way.
. Well, you don’t matter to me
to be with him, even drunk off my arse back when you two first met, I could see it. Stick it out, John, go the distance. It will be worth it, I just know it.”
Sherlock’s confidence in him was puzzling but like everything else about Sherlock, John was unable to resist. Each minute that passed took him further from the anxiety and stress he normally felt, and into a deep calm that he’d forgotten. He was not only a doctor, but he was a soldier. He had been known for his steady hand and his unwavering courage. Yes, he was a ridiculous fool who had made every mistake, but that was behind him now. Christmas with Sherlock’s family was a gift, one he would do anything necessary to be worthy of. John smiled up at Sherlock and it wasn’t a strain to do so, “I guess we’ll need to find a present for your mum.”
Sherlock ignored everyone who was walking past them, wrapping John in his arms to shield the smaller man from view as he fought back his tears, “It won’t be easy, my dearest, for either of us. In the last few years, I have built up so many walls, so many resentments. I...I left London and lost myself in different cities. Drugs, of course. I was killing myself and then one day, I knew I had to change something because everything I had tried to do to forget us failed. I got clean, I started fresh in a more academic way, and rebuilt my life. Mycroft organised a therapist for me, someone I could actually listen to and who listened to me. One session at a time, he dug out every lie I had told myself and made me face the truth of so many self-deceptions. One thing stayed the same throughout that process. I love you, John. No matter what you did or what I’ve said, my love for you has never wavered or faded. I’ve missed you with every beat of my heart, and no matter how you’ve hurt me, and you have hurt me deeply, I have learned that I do not thrive without you. I’ve built this whole new life because I could not return to my old one alone. The work does not matter to me if you aren’t a part of it.”
Their meal comprised of an extremely large oval plate filled with all manner of luxurious comestibles, all bite-sized, and as varied in flavour as they were in shape. Their dinner ended with smiles and a frothy creamy dessert filled with fresh fruit. They shared a larger-than-normal portion of it, both men feeling more than a bit full now that their meal was done. It was snowing lightly but John still said, “Want to go for a walk?” Long rambling walks with Sherlock were always some of John’s favourite times. Yes, they worked cases together but those were busy times when you had to focus on other things, have other priorities. When John walked with Sherlock, there was just the two of them. Their idle conversation wandered as far and wide as their rambles took them, and through those conversations, John was given small tidbits of Sherlock’s past. No one really knew what Sherlock had done in his life, not even Mycroft. He was a strange fascinating multi-faceted man who had broad interests in things both common and bizarre, and John was rightly proud of the fact that even if he only knew a bit, that he knew more about Sherlock Holmes than anyone in the world.
Sherlock shrugged and nodded his head toward the door. They stepped onto the landing and Sherlock pulled it shut, shielding Rosie from their conversation. “Babies thrive on predictable schedules and repeated behaviours. Whenever she needed to nap, I would just put her in her bed and tell her to close her eyes. It always works for me.”
John had the grace to look ashamed of himself even if his fists remained clenched tight but all that did was cause Sherlock to feel annoyance
Just as he was done smoothing down the fresh sheets and duvet, John felt something tug at him. The warmth that he’d felt for so long was almost a physical thing now. Without a word, he left off what he was doing and went to the living room. Sherlock was just waking up, his hand splayed across his chest, his eyes moving unerringly to meet John’s. There was shock there. “I feel…” he began uncertainly.
John looked startled. “What? No, no I’m not. In fact, remember the night we met? That was the best meal I’ve ever had, and even after all this time, I still enjoy the selections there. Come on, Sherlock, I wasn’t joking when I said I was
. He couldn’t, not ever. Sherlock wasn’t the sort of person who was able to be in love more than once, and he was in love with John. He always would be, just like Danny, despite his equivocations, would always love Alex.  Danny understood Sherlock in a visceral way. His pain was comparable to Sherlock’s, except his torment was ongoing while Danny’s was perpetually becoming more of his past.  Danny was someone Sherlock could receive understanding with, with whom he had a connexion. They were addicted to all the same things and they understood one another. “I want to learn.”
It would be worth it. Deciding to put the intervening time to good use, Sherlock made himself comfortable on the sofa, deigned to allow John to drape a small blanket over him and to set his laptop on his knees.
While he did adore his god-daughter, Sherlock didn’t feel it was very fair for John to dump his child on him in order to go chasing one young woman after another. John never dated any of them more than twice, so clearly it was only his physical needs he was trying to sate. John was spending his time with people who shared his
things. I don’t always understand what I’m seeing but it all falls into place eventually, like puzzle pieces. It takes a while to put them together, but I don’t stop until I do.”
. How was I to know? I was out of the country, being tortured to save you, but what does that matter? You have your scentless bland boring beta. Go back to her John, don’t pretend to choose me, you chose her already and you’ll stick with it, won’t you? That’s all you want, just to be a stereotype, to be an alpha who breeds, and she wants it too,
The first push into Sherlock’s body took more effort than John was comfortable with and he almost went back to using his fingers. Sherlock’s hands were on his hips suddenly and he rasped out, “This is one of the best parts,” before yanking. John shouted wordlessly as the head of his cock was swallowed up. Sherlock’s head fell back and he keened out a sound that made John edge towards orgasm even faster.
Sherlock bucked his hips upward again, forcing the last few inches of his penis into John’s behind, “You enjoy pain.”
Mary began to scream angrily, “Well, you didn’t have a problem sticking your cock into Sherlock, and he’s been fucking strangers for years now, I bet! All those omega reek like the whores they are, they’ll let anyone fuck them anywhere, everyone knows that.
Sherlock had never done anything like this, but Danny was erect, he smelled enticing, and the feel of his hard shaft pressing against Sherlock’s face was bizarrely arousing. Sherlock had once pondered John’s preferences, had day-dreamed about pleasuring the man he loved. It had never happened. Now he was with Danny, and if their quickly spiralling relationship was going to be sexual, then he was going to try everything he’d ever considered, starting with this. There were no objections. Danny shimmied off his pyjamas, dug a condom out of his messenger bag, and slipped it on, fisting his hard cock before pressing the head against Sherlock’s lips, “I don’t mind if you pretend that I’m John. Mind your teeth. Use your lips and tongue. Try not to force in too much, just use your hand.”
There was an odd expression on Sherlock’s face, something that looked a lot like regret as well as disappointment. “Exactly so, Doctor Watson.” Sherlock gracefully unfolded himself and stood beside the bed, his face an expressionless mask. “You had a brief but lively fever, it seems to have broken. I’ll go make some tea, you could probably do with something to drink. Fancy breakfast? I’m not certain what your post-illness protocols are.”
“I told her about the state of her knees. Sometimes I wonder if I would ever get the chance to find out what the state of my knees would be.” Sherlock pressed his face slowly against John’s rapidly firming cock, “Shall we find out?”
, I mean,
John’s shoulders slumped, and he stopped moving. He stood still for a long minute before sighing, “It went really well. Danny convinced Sherlock to let me stay.”
Sherlock noticed his nerves the moment he laid eyes on the doctor, despite the fact that John had brushed his teeth and washed his face. It was clear that the detective was taken aback but John did not expect the expression on Sherlock’s face to become concerned and even worried, “John...we don’t have to go. Mummy is just being dramatic and excitable.”
Automatically, John stepped back and allowed his unanticipated guest entry. Swallowing the lump in his throat, John managed a slightly croaky greeting, “Sherlock.”
John lowered his head, supplicating himself in front of Sherlock, “I’m sorry for my part. I want to make amends. Please let me help you.” How could he ever make up for anything? If he could turn back time he would, he would fall to his knees and rejoice that Sherlock had returned to him instead of laying hands on him.
, this is a small anal dilator. I need to begin training your body to be ready for me. It’s been a long time since I found someone I can get off with properly, and I’m not going to make myself wait longer than I have to.” Sherlock clutched the exam table and tried not to whimper with distress while John pushed the ever-widening toy past his reluctant sphincters. He had to grit his teeth as John pressed the broadest part in and couldn’t stop himself from heaving a relieved sigh when his body closed around the narrow neck and caused the wide flat handle to settle itself snugly between his arse cheeks. It was uncomfortable enough to nearly be painful, stinging and overfull feeling. “So pretty, Sherlock. I’ll change it up a size when we get home. Need to keep you stretched.” John took more pictures, zooming in, and once, pulling at the handle so Sherlock’s body was stretched out for John’s next photograph.
“I told you it would sound ludicrous, but yes, just like in the movies. They’ll check on us in a while. They don’t say much but from what I gather, we’re still in England. We’re trapped. I can’t figure out how to escape.”
“Did you come today?”
John looked away as he tried to explain, “Your bottom, er, took a bit of, um, well…”
“I need to think about that Harry, I mean, not the making Sherlock happy bit, that I want to do, but going home and having to see them together? How can I do that?”
It was only a matter of time before a case took them outside of London. A series of thefts throughout a small collection of villages was causing a great deal of financial as well as community damage. Suspects were everywhere and for days, John and Sherlock went from town to town collecting evidence and interviewing witnesses. John called off work for the immediate future, and for two weeks, they did nothing else but move from hotel to hotel. It was gruelling as well as expensive, and eventually, John stopped booking separate rooms and began booking just one. In such small villages, there wasn’t often a lot of choices and by day thirteen, John was compelled to settle for a single room with one double bed. The next closest available room was a fifty-minute drive away in the rain, and both men were exhausted, “I don’t care, Sherlock. We’ve got our pyjamas, I’m tired as hell, the room comes with a hot dinner ready to eat and endless hot water in the shower. I’m starving. I’m cold. We’ll take it.”
The doctors kept John in the hospital for two days before releasing him. Sherlock remained by John’s side the entire time, breaking up the tedium by accepting examinations of himself since he needed them. They were eventually allowed to leave, the doctor giving Sherlock a folder filled with helpful pamphlets and business cards of medical referrals and exam results for both of them.
“I don’t want to hurt you. I want to make you feel good. I want to make you feel better than anyone else ever has.” John’s voice was strained, and Sherlock realized that he was holding himself back. It as rather thrilling to know that John’s hands were lethal weapons and that if he wanted to, he could really hurt Sherlock. It made him harder than ever when John was slow and gentle.
am wrong but never explains why
A long time later Sherlock realized that he was laying on his side of the bed and that John was sleeping beside him. The condom had been removed and John had obviously used the supplies Sherlock had laid out to clean them both up. With great gentleness, Sherlock gathered up his sleeping lover and closed his eyes. He wasn’t afraid to dream, not now. Sherlock allowed his lids to close as the scent of John and the sex they had just enjoyed filled his nose. He was warm, relaxed, sated, and safe. Sherlock’s mouth curved into a slight smile as he fell asleep, safe from his dark nightmare at last.
More time has passed than anticipated but now, there is resolution.
, not from him.”
When he got out, John got into his robe, found a deep basin in the kitchen, and filled it with hot water and clean flannels. He carried it carefully to the bedroom, lay down his damp towel to kneel on, and carefully washed Sherlock’s entire body from top to bottom before rolling his omega over onto another clean towel and washing him all over again. He changed the water twice before he was satisfied that his lover was as clean as he could get.
at this moment and he blurted his discovery out without thinking, “You love me.”
It certainly did. By noon, Sherlock was clutching his belly, and barely made it to the bathroom where he experienced both diarrhoea as well as vomiting. It was humiliating because John monitored the entire thing from the doorway. He was making notes on Sherlock’s medical chart, his face composed and cold. It took a long time before his body settled and by the time the dose had dispersed through his body, Sherlock’s lungs ached as he tried to expel every last trace of the cigarettes he’d managed to smoke the day before. He was teary and more miserable than he’d ever been in his life. He crawled toward John and curled up at his master’s feet, “I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I won’t disobey you ever again. I’m sorry.”
“Case.” Lestrade looked determined. Sherlock just followed him to his panda, climbed in the passenger side without protest, and sat silently for the drive. Lestrade wasn’t put off at all, “This one just came up. Sounds complicated. Two partial bodies were found, enough pieces to make one whole person but not enough to make up the person that the parts came from. All of it was found inside a sealed compound. Records state that the building has been sealed for months. If that’s so, then these body parts should have decayed long since. There’s no evidence that they’ve been there longer than a day, but the time locks on the entrances have not been reset since the summer.”
John liked the big holidays and loved nothing better than to join his fellow humans in whatever celebration was on the calendar that day. He celebrated holidays and events from all around the world, his collection of personal acquaintances was global thanks to his stint in the army as well as his international medical training. John was a man who was lucky to be alive and knew it, enjoying his life as fully as he could whenever the opportunity arose. He normally went out, but this year Sherlock was determined to keep John at the flat. He had long-term plans and goals, and all of them required John’s presence. Sherlock let John go to work without complaint. He’d even sat at the table and eaten half a slice of dry toast and sipped his John-brewed and therefore perfect tea. The doctor was very pleased and consumed the other half of Sherlock’s plain breakfast with a grin, and a departed with a cheery offer to pick up dinner after, “No, don’t worry John, there’s something I want to try.” John left, whistling as he made his way out of the building and into the world.
Sherlock looked suspicious but his anger seemed to be fading, “Explain. Don’t hedge.”
John knew he was a disgusting monster, unworthy of decent company, and too blackened by the tar of his own poor personal choices to ever be able to become clean again. Sherlock was proof that staying away was the best possible choice. The world’s only consulting detective was healthy, fit, socially engaged, and in all ways possible, in a far better place than when he’d associated with the black hole of unpleasantness that was John Hamish Watson, widower, ex-military, ex-doctor, ex-everything. He was a mask in motion, a cypher with name recognition and nothing else.
, I have to look after
The submissive fugue burned away completely now as his situation became clear.
terribly stubborn, but Sherlock had to think of himself first.
The rest of the night was spent sorting the pieces out, locating and assembling the edge bits, and by then, the bug had bitten Sherlock. Obsessively, he sorted out all the pieces by colour as well as shape, pressing saucers into service to keep things separated yet easily visible. “So, the spot is a storm three times larger than earth and it’s been there for hundreds of years and it’s still going?” Sherlock sounded sceptical.
Sherlock blinked a bit, unsure how to react as the Captain fumbled around in his coat pocket before he produced a key for the leg-irons. When they were off, Sherlock couldn’t stifle a groan of relief, even though the Captain kept him kneeling on the cramped floor instead of letting him sit on the seat next to him. He was naked, a bit roughed up, but finally out of that horrific facility. His veins were screaming for a hit of something to take reality away. It had been a painfully long time since his last dose, and it didn’t help that they’d shot him full of
Sherlock was horrified to find that his cock was responding to John’s arousal. Ashamed, he tried to hide his erection, but John noticed immediately, “Oh yeah, pretty boy. There’s lube in the bathroom, go get it right now.” Sherlock hurried away, his cock jutting ignominiously out in front of him. John was going to fuck him, and his arse was so sore already, he just didn’t know how he was going to handle it. He rushed back to John who was laying on the sofa fingering himself lazily while he stroked his still hard cock. “Sit down in the middle of the sofa, put this cushion behind your back.”
“Oh my god, you bought me
John was so close to him. All he needed to do was turn his face upward and their mouths would be aligned. Sherlock wanted that. He wanted to kiss John, to taste him, to know him in every conceivable way. The way his hand felt on top of his. It felt like an offer, a promise. Sherlock had to know.
“Time to go speak to the Queen, love.” Their old joke didn’t even put a dent in Sherlock’s fury as John drew him away to go speak with his brother. If anyone could find a loophole, it was him.
experimental procedure and medicines that did the trick. John was in charge of all follow-up care.”
The soldier’s comments finally penetrated the alcoholic fog. Sherlock wasn’t sure what John was talking about and hazily tried to make sense of the comment, “No one ever has, John. I haven’t wanted anyone to even try before. I’m glad it’s you. I’ve thought about it.”
“Look, John, I’m a modern alpha, I don’t feel threatened by Mary’s independence or appetite.” David tried to sound reasonable, “If it’s about the baby, I’m completely willing to let you raise it. I don’t want pups, but I do want Mary, no matter how.”
Thinking of his little girl always made John feel both joy and utter misery. He had no idea how to be a father. He was failing at it every single day. Rosie was proof positive that he was useless. Sherlock,
It was during the last fitting that Sherlock approached him. John was standing in the dressing room, putting his old clothes on when the detective wrapped his arms around him, “John Watson, would you do me the inestimable honour of marrying me?” Sherlock’s clenched hand unfurled, revealing a heavy silver signet ring. It was carved with an elaborately designed letter J.
John swallowed hard but then took a moment to text something, pressing send before answering. It broke Sherlock’s heart into even smaller pieces because even an argument about their relationship wasn’t important enough for John to stop texting Lisa. “You don’t own me, Sherlock. I can do what I like with my time, and be with other people if I want.”
Sherlock huddled beneath his sheet naked, ashamed, and, if he were being honest with himself, a tiny bit terrified. He was exhausted because he had barely slept the night previous, a condition made worse by the fact that he hadn’t been fed that day, or the day before, or the day before that.  In fact, there were many details about himself that he couldn’t quite focus on because fear, hunger, and fatigue had erased every last haughty trace of him ages ago. He remembered his assets. They’d been mentioned a great deal and now, he was listening to them again.
time, John.”
be a sexual relationship, in case you were wondering.”
Sherlock sat back on his heels between John’s spread thighs and looked up. John bent down, his lips meeting Sherlock’s in a hungry kiss that lasted forever. They pawed at each other, suddenly eager to feel the bareness of each other’s flesh, to kiss, to taste, to touch. John peeled away each delicate item from Sherlock’s lean pale body, exposing him one region at a time until his lover was kneeling there with only the stockings remaining. Sherlock’s cock was hard, bobbing in front of him, but the detective ignored it in favour of John’s. “So warm.”
“Because it
They smoked in silence for a minute, “She’s my friend’s daughter. My god-daughter.” He didn’t know why he was explaining anything to a stranger. Danny was comfortable to talk to, and he reminded Sherlock a bit of himself. He had high sharp cheekbones, and everything about his body made Sherlock recall his days of drugs and living rough on the street. Their bench-neighbours eventually got up and wandered away, but the detective made no move to take advantage of the greater space now available.
Sherlock knew where the combination washer/dryer was, so he took his soiled garments and did as he was told. When he came back, he stood in the kitchen with his eyes downcast, waiting for his next order. His arse ached fiercely but he didn’t dare ask for medical intervention. John cooked his own lunch, humming contentedly while he worked at reheating something from the fridge which he divided into two portions. It was stir-fry, and John gave Sherlock no chance to decline, “Every bite.”
Sherlock nodded carefully, “I need to change my documentation to remove John Hamish Watson from my emergency contacts. He is to be replaced with my older brother, Mycroft Holmes.”
help you with the physical problems you’re going to have,
Danny was also glaring at the soldier, ignoring how John stood himself tall, aggressively posturing, “Oh, don’t bother trying to intimidate me. If you’re so jealous of Sherlock, maybe you should have snapped him up while you had the chance! I didn’t wait, so fuck off, you. Sherlock, why do you put up with this kind of shit from him all the time?”
“It will never be better, Danny. I don’t know who has John. Is it one of my enemies? One of yours? John’s? What if someone was still angry with his late wife, what if they’ve taken him because they can’t have her? Danny!” Sherlock’s mind couldn’t stop generating horrific images of John being tortured, humiliated, broken, or even killed. He had never felt so helpless, so without a plan or direction. He couldn’t control the mess in his mind, everything was chaotic and unfocused because John was not there and might never be again.
“Stop it, John,” Sherlock lifted John’s fingers to his mouth and kissed the tips, “You are the greatest treasure I have ever come across, the most enticing mystery, the only person in the world who interests me endlessly. I love you too, John, and though I am awful, I will endeavour to do right by you.”
Sherlock seemed to shrink into himself, becoming smaller and infinitely more fragile. John regretted raising his voice. Sherlock suffered from PTSD and John cursed himself silently for triggering his best friend who could no longer handle loud noises, and couldn’t deal with being screamed at. Sherlock was looking down, his fingers trembling slightly as he enunciated his words carefully, his voice shaking as much as his fingers, “I understand that John. I just…”
“I know it’s dangerous, but I want it. Come on, soldier, take a risk. Plant me good before you leave. Fuck me as hard as you can, I won’t be walking straight for days already. I want you to come in me a hundred times.” Sherlock couldn’t believe it, but the soldier pulled out, stripped off the condom, poured on lube, and pushed back inside.
John had no idea why he’d asked for such a thing, but Sherlock’s disgruntled expression fell right off his face, replaced with his sweetly crooked smile, “I’d really enjoy that.”
A few abductees were traced to cities in other countries, but even when found, they could give no further information about why they had been chosen. Some were forced to work in inhumane factory conditions, others were given as living rewards to various people for jobs well done, but most simply disappeared as if they’d never existed. Several members of Sherlock’s homeless network had vanished in similar circumstances, and it was vexing. There was a well-orchestrated shadow organization with a broad reach, but it had no head that they could find.
to be seized upon by pheromone impaired ruffians. Of course, an alpha like
John coughed nervously. He really wasn’t ready for sex. He loved Sherlock and their past dalliances had been some of the best in his life, but he simply wasn’t ready for that level of contact. “Sleep is what I am offering.”
After a toasty visit to the loo, John went to the kitchen and prepared an extra large breakfast for himself, one he would likely be eating alone, but he made enough for two. His feet were happily warm on the frigid lino of the kitchen even though he could see the puffs of his breath while he cooked.  Bacon, eggs, mushrooms, beans, tomato, and toast with jam. Coffee instead of tea. The flat smelled as close to heaven as any combined lab and living quarters could.
Sherlock seemed surprised at this information. “The rest of the year, I can delete it, but it always comes back when I smell baking.”
“If you’re suckling, you’re not complaining. I like the quiet.”
Sherlock patted him on the shoulder, unfortunately with his sperm and oil covered hand.
When the last of the soap was rinsed, Sherlock said, “It’s cool enough for you now.”
In the kitchen, John switched on the kettle and leaned heavily against the table. Did he have the option of letting the story stop where it was? He could go back to the bedroom with tea and they would snog a little and fall asleep under fading candle light, warm in their new flannel sheets with the serpent secret curled between them.
“How does one do that in those fluffy (said with a wince) all encompassing garments?”
Sherlock gripped John’s fingers tightly. “I ran into my uncle’s study and the more I tried to hold it in, the bigger it got. Uncle David came in and pulled me close and I was lost. I didn’t even care how bad he smelled. I just hung on.”
“Would, could, and should.” John put on his puffy coat over an excessively starched button down and a serviceable wool jumper that would make sheep itch. He left off his scarf and stepped onto the landing where a blast of arctic air made his hair stand on end, and he was chuffed about it. He marched down the stairs whistling “Bridge on the River Kwai.”
John seldom got to pamper Sherlock or take his time in the bath. It was a soothing thing for both of them, the smell of mint and chocolate, the warm water, the feel of Sherlock’s silky curls under John’s fingers.  Sherlock turned his head this way and that, soaking up the love through his scalp.
“Don’t!” Sherlock jerked away as if it were poison.
With contrition, Sherlock took both empty plates and moved toward the kitchen, his usual grace limited by the scuff of the non-slip soles. Then John saw his Easter miracle. Sherlock’s glowing, glorious, globes of ass framed by soft gray fleece. The trap door was fully open.
In recent months, John had become masterful at loaded pauses. Unless he was the instigator, Sherlock could not tolerate a pregnant pause and would fill it. This was their longest ever. John was just about to fetch his own tea when Sherlock blurted, “Uncle David put his fingers inside me.”
INFLEXIBLE
He turned off the taps and tested the water. This late at night, they could get it blistering hot because the rest of the house was settling in for sleep.  Maybe the hot water would wash away some of the poison. Back on the sofa, Sherlock was curled under the blanket, eyes closed, listening or dosing, but John was pleased to see that four of the gingerbread men were missing heads and a mince pie was gone from the tray.
“On the way home, I pretended to be asleep and heard him telling Mummy. ‘A big boy of eleven crying like a toddler over a television program. I was mortified. David will rub it in for years.’ Mummy didn’t say anything so I knew she was angry with me too.”
Sherlock’s fists were clenched and he was rocking, his body joining his mind in the past. “When I stopped crying, he still held me. He kissed my forehead just like Mummy used to do, and I put my arms around his neck and looked up at him. Then he was kissing me like I’d seen in movies. His tongue was in my mouth and it felt very good so I kissed him back.”
“I’m sorry, Molly. I need to try one more time. It’s important or I wouldn’t trouble you.”
There was another serrated pause. John removed the mug that Sherlock was twisting in his hands until it creaked and set it on the bedside table.
“Use the new stuff.“
John had toughened up considerably since the beginning, but the constant chill in the air as well as thoughts of boyhood had him a little vulnerable. He put himself to bed early, with a bath, then a cup of cocoa and a novel. The blissful warmth and companionship of the baby chicks had him nodding over the second page. He petted his own belly until he fell asleep.
“Yes, it has.” John took the hand that was tracing over the crest and linked it with his.
Even if he had trimmed the tree alone, at least John had convinced Sherlock to help him choose it and drag it back to their flat, and he had caught Sherlock watering it before Mycroft’s call. Still, the distance hurt. They had been doing so well at communicating. Private Sherlock was completely different from public Sherlock. John had been happy.
“Our priest. I was still bleeding the next day and afraid that I might die. God hadn’t been real to me in a long time but I liked the music and the nice clothes. I stayed after the service and Father Moore took me to his office.”
“I got us new sheets too."
He groomed with extra care, shaving close while averting his sad eyes. He put on his ancient Rudolph jumper. Rudolph had reached maximum plumpness last year but with some effort, the big red nose was in front of John’s navel again where it needed to be. Even though he had taken extra pains with his hair, he put on his Santa hat.
John squeezed Sherlock’s hand. “I cry over it every year.”
“He took me to his office and it was quiet, most of the boys not back yet. He made me tea as if we were friends.”
John settled him on the sofa with the remote for the telly and went to the kitchen.  While he prepared the sandwich, he kept his mind studiously blank, the simple actions with bread and cheese his entire focus until he heard the familiar stuffy nosed accent of Rudolph.
John couldn’t believe that his plan to eat mince pies had been replaced by an erotic smorgasbord. He sank to the bed where his arse made contact with something other than the duvet.
In the loo, John sat for some time watching the minty bubbles rise in the tub. How was his heart still beating? How could he do ordinary things? He wanted to sob the whole story out into his grandmother’s lap while she stroked his hair. Part of him wanted to walk out into the rain and never come back to the ugliness and the ruined dreams. And the damnedest thing was that he was the ugliness. Sherlock had good reason for all the bits of himself that were abrasive, but what was John’s excuse? He had tortured the one bright spot in his life without knowing it.
John started to follow but Sherlock called back, “Stay there.”
Sherlock grabbed hold gamely, staring down with an intensity that made the man whose cock was being grasped take notice. When Sherlock continued to stare without moving his hand, the good doctor began to feel self conscious, wishing his ancient and graying briefs were back on his arse.
“That bad?”
“If you aren’t coming in yet, would you wash my hair?”
John thought about hopes he had for future Christmases once Sherlock was more compliant. He recalibrated. No Christmas card pictures with John in his personalized Santa hat and Sherlock in an elf hat. No skating hand in hand at the park. No caroling for Mrs. Hudson. No secret Santa with Lestrade and Donovan. No snow angels. Those were right out.
“I thought I could provide an acceptable alternative so you wouldn’t have to know.“
John was over it. He’d had enough warm and soft to last until Christmas. He wanted bitter cold so harsh that his balls went on holiday. He wanted scratchy towels rubbed on him without mercy and wooden straight chairs and olives with the pits in.
“No, you said that you loved candy canes so much you wanted to marry one so…” he made a gesture as if he were offering a cheese tray or biscuit plate when he handed the bottle of mint gel to John so that his hands were free to pull a red and white striped dildo and matching plug from the bag.
A vigorous shake of the head that brought a curl low over one eye, but John could still see the tear that tracked down a pale cheek and glittered in the candle light.
“What do we have around the flat that has the same chemical properties as this lubricant?” Sherlock started to unroll the tube to check the list of ingredients.
There had been many Christmases since in all sorts of living conditions but he could go back in his mind to that first, which had been the loneliest, and the beginning sounds of the video, which he had memorized, would make him feel loved and wanted. His mum and dad had been worrisome and died young; Harry had carried on their love affair with the bottle, but they had all always loved him in their way. He was accustomed to making good holidays for difficult people; still he didn’t have to be masochistic about it. You could lead a Holmes to Christmas but you couldn’t make him think…. That it was lovely and beautiful and special and important to the relationship.
There was preparation and entry and business as usual but enhanced by six foot of consulting fleece and the smiling, nodding visage of one hundred little bunny faces and one hundred twitching pink noses. John was fucking a cloud on Sunnyfuck Farm.
“Not that I’m complaining but why?”
John walked slowly back to the sofa. He sat down, but he did not pour cosied hot tea or nibble a mince pie or press play. He felt himself grow small enough to be mangled by one of the gingerbread men and he waited.
His friend had been hurt and scared for weeks, dreading the season, and John had decorated the flat to the hilt making it a minefield of unsafe sounds and smells that triggered horrific memories.
“All of the sandwich and all of the water. You’re dehydrated. Tomorrow we’ll get you a proper meal with some vegetables.”
When Sherlock’s sobs had quieted and his grip on John was less panicky, John spoke the words that he would say over and over until they were believed, “None of this was your fault. You were a little boy. They raped you, body and mind.“
John carefully hung up his new dressing gown and slipped behind Sherlock, who snuggled back against him with a sigh.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock was biting his lip which was the first bit of discomfort he’d had in three days. The wrestling match that followed should have been uncomfortable, even painful, but they were both so well padded and quickly overheated that it was like two marshmallow chicks in a microwave. Huffing, puffing, and posturing but eventually flattened on the floor. They were in the kitchen, under the table where it had all began.
This chapter contains detailed description of child sexual abuse. Be mindful of your triggers.
AUTHOR’S NOTE: I wanted to make a Christmas card for people who might not have a happy Christmas because of family secrets. If Christmas is dangerous or scary or sad or triggering for you, I want you to know that I understand. It sucks; it’s unfair, and many times the abuser walks away unscathed. I am not ready to say with total certainty that it gets better.
“Is he accomplishing anything?”
“No.” Disconnect.
How were they ever going to get past this? The careful foundation they had worked so hard to build was crumbling.  Once he recovered from the initial revelation, Sherlock would never be able to trust him again. In the morning, John would make tea and toast for him, take down every last decoration, and spend the rest of his life trying to make it up to his lover and best friend. But if he were in Sherlock’s place, he would never forgive the calloused way his needs had been ignored.
They lay side by side, looking into each other’s eyes and before Sherlock even spoke, John was gripped by his pain.
Sherlock seemed hurried almost manic as he pulled several bottles from the bag. “Body paint and oral gel.  Here, this one will be your favorite.”
John got a bit sweaty and Sherlock’s hand kept skittering as it stuck to the skin. Sherlock rummaged around under the foreskin for a bit and then tried to pump the penis once more. John groaned as Sherlock’s manicured but overly long fingernails grazed the head of his purple python. Whatever his goal, Sherlock had not achieved it and he was still able to make only slow damp strokes that clung and chafed.
“If you’re going to the shops, get some lube.”
So when Sherlock woke and released him, John was up to get a cool cloth and wipe Sherlock’s feverish forehead.  He smoothed the curls back and stroked Sherlock’s cheek. “You’ve come through a very bad time. You need to eat something, love, or you’ll be ill. Can you try for me?”
“Not this time. I have one of my own.”
Sherlock needed his full attention and not out of any sort of egomania, but because the man was wounded with an infection that had been buried all his life. John would have to caretake now and have his own break down much later.
“Of course you are. Could you drink some tea?”
Grasping at normal, John risked a tease. “You are being quite the diva.”
The fact that Sherlock didn’t argue was a significant indication of how shaky he was. John finished the sandwich and went to the sofa. He put crisps on the plate from his coffee table buffet. There was the tea as well as a large glass of water.  Sherlock took a careful bite.
Sherlock was stark naked, and after blinking for a long beat, John hurried to join the nudity although he did spare a thought to slip the staring eyes of jumper Rudolph under his jeans. The sex had been rushed recently, and then their mild feud had made things perfunctory. John wanted slow and soft and warm with whispers.
John considered the fact that Molly’s self esteem had been in the skip long before Sherlock, but he needed help.  “He won’t pick up for me. Molly, would you see if he’ll speak to me on your phone?”
“Thank you,” John said, pulling his briefs back on, wincing as they came in contact with his raw, limp penis.
“I think we need lube,” John finally said.
“You had to be very brave to come home to all of the baking that I was doing. I am so sorry.”
“One man’s busy is another man’s frustrated.”
Twenty minutes later the bedroom door opened.  “You can come in now.”
Nothing he said tonight was going to fix anything of the past. They would need years of Sherlock being fully loved and accepted to undo the damage of one selfish bastard who should never have been near children.  Still John tried. “Do you know what happened in the part you’ve never seen?”
“Shut up and get on your fucking knees.”
“What would you have me do, John?” Mycroft asks suddenly, sighing heavily.  He looks up at John and in the bright light of the computer screen he looks twice his age, weary and sorrowful, and his voice matches.  “He won’t let me take care of him.  You know he won’t allow that.”
The sonogram picture that he had found in the destruction of Baker Street, the burnt white edges of it looking starkly out of place, yet so beautiful against the pristine white of the frame.  The black of the sonogram seemed all the darker against the white metal, making the small shape of his baby stand out a bit easier in the mess of squiggly lines that surrounded it.
He stares at the screen of his mobile for so long that the timed screen saver automatically shuts it off.
He settles for a rather safe ‘
“Please,” Sherlock bites out through clenched teeth.
From behind them, they heard a voice intervene.
exactly
“No one has ever…treated me like you do,” he tells John slowly, as if he is choosing his words carefully.  “And I can’t help…being attracted to you.  I—I like you.”
Sherlock simply rolled his sea green eyes at the blonde man.  “Please, John, even you couldn’t be that stupid,” he told the doctor, voice dark with bitterness.  “He’s not just trying to be your friend—he’s trying to get into your pants.”
An unfathomable roll, like the sound of far off thunder, constant, consistent, continuous.  If filled John’s ears and stopped his heart.  He suddenly realized that Sherlock’s hand was in his own, squeezing harshly, but he didn’t remember ever reaching out for the other man.  It didn’t matter though.  They were connected, the three of them, by sound and touch and breath.  By the very beat that filled the room.  His hand came up to run shaking fingers through Sherlock’s hair, brushing the curls out of his face so that John could see him, see this man who now not only held John’s heart, but their baby’s as well.
“It’s not fair to you,” John explains his reasoning to Sherlock while the teen sits there in front of him, looking endearingly sex-tousled and stunned silent.  “You’ve had to put up with that sort of thing all your life, and I don’t want to be just another person who uses it as an excuse to hurt you.”  There is a dangerous tightness growing in his throat, making it difficult to speak.  John knows that if he doesn’t stop talking soon, he’s going to do something ridiculous, so he shuts up and stares at the boy in front of him.
And there it is.  Sherlock takes his chance.
John dips his tongue in to taste Sherlock once more, feeling the strange change in texture between the different areas of his skin, sliding his tongue over the loose entrance which is now trembling under his mouth.
.  I never thought I could be this happy again.”
John knows that it isn’t enough, though, it will never be enough, and he pushes another finger into Sherlock’s body.  The teen winces and draws in a sharp breath, and John groans at the tightness and heat surrounding his fingers.  His cock throbs against Sherlock’s thigh and he knows he won’t be able to wait much longer before he needs to push inside that wet warmth, before he has to have Sherlock surround him, cover him, take him in.
And Bill touched him, put his lips on him, rubbed up against him.
John just sits quietly in his chair and
When Sherlock finally shuffled out of bed and into the kitchen, John was happy to note that breakfast was just finishing up. He made Sherlock a heaping plate and gave himself a smaller portion.
Completely gone, as if it had never even existed.
“He makes me feel alive again, Mike.  He makes me
As John is sitting there, softly running the flannel over Sherlock’s pale skin, he realises suddenly that there is something in his closet that he has been meaning to give Sherlock, a present that he had picked up for him.  Right now, with Sherlock there with him and being so good for John, he can’t help but want to give it to the boy, because he knows that it will make Sherlock happy.  And he wants so badly for Sherlock to be happy, always.
John doesn’t really know what to say to that so he shifts his weight uncertainly, shuffling his cane along the pavement.  “Are you waiting on someone to take you home?”
Sherlock whines lowly at the sensation and clenches his arse around John once, harshly, and that is it; John is lost, John is falling but doesn’t know it because it feels just like flying, like soaring, like burning up in the sun.  His orgasm lights through him like gunpowder being ignited, like a fuse being lit, and he is on fire.  He comes inside of Sherlock, pushing deeply into the boy’s body so that he is sheathed in warmth as his cock pulses out spurt after spurt, and Sherlock moans softly at the sensation of being filled.
“Bath time,” he said.
But he was the one held tight when Sherlock used his arms and legs to pull John into a desperate embrace.  John worked his arms free and squeezed Sherlock around the middle as the ancient sobs poured forth like thick, black poison.  There was nothing to be done but to breathe through each moment as the infection ran down both their hearts until John could almost smell it.
John waited for the carousel that the kitchen had become to stop and let them off. While he waited, his hands decided that keeping Sherlock’s sweet ass warm was the most prudent course of action. John fondled and warmed, and when a stroke/heart attack/dead faint did not occur, he knelt  and gave thanks at Our Lady of the Heart Shaped Ass and the kissing and licking and probing and sucking were greeted with a holy chorus of “oh god’s.”
“It’s very cold.”
Sherlock’s eyes darted everywhere but he wouldn’t look at John. “Father came in. He was drunk, not that unusual but the swearing was, ‘Fuck it all, David, don’t coddle him. He’s already more girl than boy.’”
John’s ankles were freezing but he found that he could not bear to touch socks anymore, not even briefly to put them on. On his feet, mind you, where God attended, and not on his soothed and belabored cock.
Sherlock shook his head, worrying his bottom lip with his teeth.
Sherlock did not share his nostalgia. “You want me to wear that?”
“Come on now. Off to bed with you.” John tousled the dark curls.
“I won’t lactate if that’s what you’re after, and I honestly resent your constant whinging for milk. We might ask Mrs. Hudson if we can keep a cow by her bins if you’re that lactose deprived.”
There may only be one diva at Baker Street but the drama is bipartisan. John had been an integral part of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers Improv Group. He searched the kitchen for props while one hand kneaded a steaming cheek. Kneaded. “Don’t you dare move!” he said, hoping for rebellion.
Gripping of the table was emphasized by a groan and an adult hump. John showed Sherlock the picture then leaned in to whisper in Sherlock’s ear. “Something needs to come off and I didn’t mean the pajamas.”
“Mycroft, I’m sure Mummy will be devastated, but then she still has you, doesn’t she? John wants us to establish some traditions of our own. I have to be a good boyfriend. He’s baking mince pies and there’s going to be a tree. Isn’t a healthy relationship what you’ve always wanted for me?”
“You don’t like them.”
Sherlock appeared just as John was dishing things onto his plate. He yelped when his bare feet hit the kitchen floor. John walked past without a word, carrying his plate to the sitting room table and propping up his book.
Sherlock had been waiting patiently, slumped over the table, until John stepped back and then there was a half hearted attempt to move away so that John could slam him back down. “Your ass is so red,” he said, running his hand across it. “This tool will make pretty white lines in all that red. What should I write? You’re good at puzzles. Tell me what I’m spelling.”
“You’ve made sure of it. Oh god, that’s why you go back every year. The Christmas dinners.”
“Aren’t you coming in?”
Sherlock’s answer was rather shy, almost an apology. “The directions said that the red lotion might stain.”
OBLIVIOUS
“Trying to.”
“Probably because someone keeps borrowing my things.”
Nothing left for it but to carry on. His thumb ached as he pressed play. There were seven minutes and forty five seconds of advertisements and previews. Seven minutes for Sherlock to change his mind. Six minutes for Sherlock to come home to him. Five minutes for his relationship to right itself. Four minutes for his life to still make sense. Three minutes, or one preview, left before it would really start hurting. Two minutes before… No.
“Let’s at least try. We’ll get you under the duvet first.”
“And what will you gain from the experience?”
“No, she had always stood up for me before. Mycroft already had his own flat. My nanny was gone and they had thrown out my teddy when I went to school. It was just me cut loose in the world.”
The utensil drawer held a wealth of odd implements but a failed attempt at pie baking meant there was a pastry cutter available. Not a Wartenberg wheel but close enough for a nonmedical procedure.
“You are not a vampire.”
“Do I dare?” John Watson asked himself, holding the adult sized footy pajamas in his hand.
John’s next blog would read, “Do not put adult toddlers in adult toddler clothing and expect rational behavior.”
Molly’s voice was shrill. “Yes, I do and you’d best come and get him before I do him an injury.”
Sherlock was digging again in the bag and produced a blinking Rudolph nose on a bit of elastic. “What if I wore this?”
Sherlock sighed. “We always went to Mummy’s sister’s for Christmas eve. Aunt Susan had bought Rudolph for the children to watch while the adults had cocktails. It was awful. A character mocked and isolated for his differences, a group of toys that nobody wanted. It’s foolish, I know, but I was so lonely and watching my own life acted out was too much. I left the room, saying that it was boring and babyish, but the cousins had seen that I was near tears.”
“Shrinkage.”
John demonstrated the back flap, including hand motions for how it rested down the back of a person’s legs and not in the bowl, and then he showed a modern improvement since his boyhood ones with the cowboys. The adult version had a smaller zipper hidden below the mainline one, a secret fly. No need to chill the whole body when draining the pipes. “Baby cocks,” he said gesturing at the chicks. “Big cock,” he said, wiggling his fingers in the opening.
“Rich plum color. Oh, that’s good. Let’s get it on you. Warm you up.”
Squirming reached a maximum as the weary travelers left the Island of Misfit Toys. Without explanation, Sherlock gathered up his shopping bag and left as if his train had just come in. The bedroom door closed quietly when John was expecting a slam. John tried the door but it was locked.  Nine days’ worth of pent up frustration took less than nine seconds to boil over. “You fucking coward. Come out here and face me like a man.”
“No, you saved me.” John was thankful for truth that came without hesitation. “Your love saved me.”
“They saw you coming, I think. We’d best do our holiday shopping together next time.”
“You didn’t know, John, and you shouldn’t have to know even now.”
Sherlock whimpered, the next words coming between gasps. “There’s never been even a rumor of suspicion against him since. I’ve kept watch but he’s never even been alone with a child unless his door is wide open. That’s how I know that the priest was right. There’s something evil in me. Donovan sees it.  Moriarity recognized it. Lestrade’s career has been stunted by it.”
John’s head required seven stitches from where it connected with the sharp edge of the kitchen table.
But John hadn’t become a soldier because he was trepidatious. He made the tea and hurried back to their room. Sherlock was regal in purple, sitting up and waiting. “Let it steep a bit, but you’ll have the warmth of it in your hands.”
John crawled over enough to pull back the corner of the duvet. “You sure as hell did. Red flannel."
“What, this?” the doctor questioned as he rubbed his thumbs over and over the detective’s nipples. “Nipple play. Some find it arousing.”
“The store was brilliant. We have to go back there, but I got us enough for the holidays.”
John was nearly asleep when he heard Sherlock come back, bare feet in his sight line. Sherlock was wearing John’s itchy jumper and John’s wee Y fronts. He cocked his hip to support the overflowing basket. “This laundry is very dirty…Daddy.”
“I’ve hardly seemed to notice it at all,” Sherlock replied snidely with an arrogant and exaggerated flip of his hand.
“I like bees,” Sherlock repeats softly, watching darkness slowly crawl across the room.  His focus is entirely on the dusky light from the setting sun seeping in through the window and John doesn’t like it.  It should be on him.  Their focus should be on each other.
“How can you see me like that?” Sherlock asks him, a frown creasing the smooth expanse of his forehead and crinkling the corners of his eyes.  “When you look at me, you notice all of the bad stuff but you only see the good.  How do you do that?”
“Yes, but—” Sherlock dares a glance up at John, but the man knows that if he lets Sherlock speak John’s whole demeanor will crumble into a thousand tiny pieces.  He hates talking to Sherlock this way, hates treating him like this, but he has no other choice.  He
!” John exclaimed, throwing his arms out about him to indicate everything around him.  “What are we going to do with all of that room?”
“Were you guys always like this as kids?” John asked after dinner was over, and they had thankfully been excused to their bedroom.  The blonde man didn’t know how much more of the bickering he could have stood, before going off on the two brothers like a fed up parent.
“And when I finally push in,” and he does, and they both groan at the sensation, at the feel of each other, “it’s heaven,” John pants.  “It’s the most perfect thing in the world.  I wish I can just stay right here forever, but—”
The unsaid
Bill laughs amicably.  “Yeah, all right,” he says, grinning in the face of John’s obvious irritation.  “No need to get angry.  Just admiring another man’s things, nothing wrong with that.”
got in the way of what he was supposed to be analyzing?
“Then what was that?” John chuckles as he lets Sherlock bring them back together, avoiding the teen’s searching lips but planting a kiss on the tip of Sherlock’s nose instead.
“Greg, I—”
His thought got cut off as the doors to the police cars opened, and the crowd around him began to yell and shove harder, pushing itself around the men who were being escorted by the police officers out of the cars.
“John, it was years ago when I couldn’t afford to live here by myself,” he answered with a flippant wave of his gloved hand.  “Then I hired a live in P.A who forced all of my clients to start paying me for my services.  Thank you for that, by the way.”
Sherlock kisses him back, opening his mouth to John and letting the man taste him, take him.  Against John’s tongue, he can taste the salt from the stir-fry he cooked for dinner and the smooth, dark sweetness of the chocolate that he had let Sherlock eat for dessert, a delicious combination.
Sherlock kisses him back but stays silent when John pulls away, staring at the man with wide, wet eyes as if he still doesn’t believe John.  “How could you want to be with someone like me?” Sherlock asks him after a long silent moment, a small frown creasing his forehead.  “You’re so…
Mary follows behind him, the lines of her body rigid and stiff in her anger.  “Really, John?  Because I don’t think that he’s lying.  Why would he lie to me about that?  What purpose would he possibly have for lying to me?”
“Good boy,” John praises him, pressing kisses to Sherlock’s sweaty brow.  His hand is slick between them and he knows that Sherlock is as close as he is.  “Go ahead and come for me, baby.”
He scissors his fingers against the press of Sherlock’s body, pushing into him deeply and still feeling the slickness of his come as far in as he can reach.  “Fuck, Sherlock,” he pants, bending over the teen’s back to plant kisses along his spine.  “You’re still open and wet from when I fucked you earlier.  Can you feel it?  Feel how loose you are?”
“Of course it was,” John says with a small nod of his head.  It may have been astoundingly rude and completely unnecessary and uncalled for, but that doesn’t take away from the brilliance of what the teenager standing before him has just done.  “It was extraordinary—
“John!”
They stumbled back to Baker Street drunkenly, tripping over each other and their own feet and giggling like school boys doing something naughty. When they got to the door of John’s flat, Lestrade pushed the blonde man up against the closed door, and before he could lean in John had the presence of mind to push him away gently, shaking his head slowly. “Don’t, Greg,” he said, his eyes moving up to look at the building above him. Even though they were directly under the window of his and Sherlock’s flat, it was still irrational for Lestrade to try something so scandalous right on their doorstep.
“You’re sucking the life right out of me.  Literally!” John exclaimed, turning his face away as Sherlock moved to kiss him.  “I need a drink of water or, better yet, a cup of tea.  Anything to get some fluids back into me.”
Lestrade gave a small nod of his head.  “Of course you do,” he said softly.
Sherlock lies there for a moment, completely lost in the feel of his own climax.  Both of his hands are gripping his still-hard cock, one down at the very base, almost holding his own balls, and the other close to it, towards the bottom of his shaft.  John has a perfect, unimpeded view of the top half of his shaft and the tip of Sherlock’s prick, can clearly see the milky-white liquid that has splattered the crown.  He can’t resist the urge to reach out once more and run a single finger along the head, rubbing down to Sherlock’s frenulum and sliding across the sensitive spot with come-slickened ease.  At this Sherlock convulses again, his prick leaking out the last dregs of semen his body has to offer, and another small cry is torn from his throat.  John stares at him in wonder as he realises that Sherlock has just had another small orgasm simply from John’s light touch on his sensitive cock.
“That’s it, baby.  There you go,” he praises as Sherlock comes down from his orgasm and his stroking slows by increments.  He is suckling very gently on the head of John’s cock, knowing how sensitive the man is after he climaxes, and his tongue is a soft warmth against the engorged, tender head.  John slowly pulls out of his mouth and bends over him to give him a kiss, wiping away streaks of his own come with his thumbs as he holds Sherlock’s face still.  “Beautiful,” John tells him, grinning happily.
He manages to stretch Sherlock around three fingers pressed deep into the boy’s hole for a while longer before he can’t resist it anymore; he has to feel Sherlock around him.  “Do you want Daddy inside you now?” he asks, pushing his fingers in one last time, feeling his palm hit Sherlock’s arse cheeks.
Sherlock shrugs as he wanders over to his microscope, looking into the eyepiece and then fiddling with a knob.  “Mycroft buys my clothes for me and sends them to me through the post,” he says casually, as if it is not a strange thing at all to have someone mail you your clothes.  “I think he tries to dress me like him.”  John doesn’t need to see Sherlock’s face to know that he has scrunched it up in distaste at the very thought of being anything like his big brother.
John’s heart flutters and his stomach clenches, and his cock twitches under Sherlock’s arse.  “That’s good, darling.  I’m so glad you like your new bee,” he says, letting his hands run over Sherlock’s sides and across his belly.  They slide down to his thighs, caressing them through his trousers.  He leans forward to press his lips to Sherlock’s neck, then to his chin.  He trails kisses all along every inch of skin he can reach, trapping Sherlock’s hands and his new toy between them in the process.  “What do you say we go show him the bedroom, hmm?”
“Oh, er…”
“Besides, what happened to ‘married to my work’?” John countered, his tone snarky to cover his growing embarrassment with the situation, which was quickly spiraling out of control.
John doesn’t even bother trying to hide his smile.
Sherlock pushes up slightly onto his knees, reaching a hand blindly behind him to grip John’s cock, holding it steady.  John’s whole body tenses as he realises what Sherlock is doing, what is about to happen.  He can feel the heat of Sherlock’s body against the head of his prick as Sherlock slowly sinks back towards his lap, his bright gaze locked on John’s.  The tip slips past Sherlock’s tight, wet entrance and John closes his eyes.  His head drops back to the pillow with a groan but he quickly lifts it up again, staring back at Sherlock.  He can barely keep his eyes open from the pleasure of it, but he has to watch, doesn’t want to miss a moment of it.  He has to witness his own undoing.
“Yeah?”
Inside is where the biggest changes were.
“Do you plan to continue your association with Sherlock Holmes?” Mycroft asks him bluntly, and John can tell that he is a man who is used to getting results—it is obvious he is getting tired of playing games with John even if he tries to look unaffected by it all.  Mycroft glances down at the hand that he is using to clutch the handle of his umbrella, spreading his fingers out as if he is so bored, so seemingly unconcerned with the conversation that he finds his cuticles more interesting than John’s answer.  But John knows differently.  Knows that if Mycroft truly didn’t care—the way Sherlock seems to think he doesn’t—then John wouldn’t be here at all.
He feels his smile grow to epic proportions of its own volition; just the thought of what he has with Sherlock is enough to lighten his heart.  “I feel alive again,” he explains, and he can hear a hint of wonder in his own voice, lost as it may become in the noise of the pub around them.  “I feel like my old self.  Like the person I was before I got shot and before my career ended.”
That unfamiliar confused look descends on Sherlock’s face once again.  He shakes his head as if he doesn’t understand.  “It sounded like one to me.”
, John thinks to himself as he smiles warmly down at Sherlock.
Thankfully, though, Sherlock just shakes his head, and John breathes a silent sigh of relief.
“Yes,” Holmes cuts him off, not even bothering to let him finish the word, the answer is so apparent.  “It’s really bad when you walk but you don’t ask for a chair when you stand, like you’ve forgotten about it, so it’s at least partly psychosomatic.  That says the original circumstances of the injury were traumatic; wounded in action, then.”
It is the first time that the name has been said, the first time that John has said it in regards to himself, the first time that John has
John finally manages to get their trousers open and their pants pushed down just enough to release both of their erections.  Sherlock is leaking copiously from his slit and John uses his precome as lubrication, smearing the viscous fluid over the head of Sherlock’s cock and then his own.  He runs a finger between the two of them, down the underside of each of their pricks.  Sherlock moves to try to touch their cocks as well, but John pushes him away with his free hand, growling at the boy and biting down on Sherlock’s bottom lip harder than Sherlock had done to him earlier.
John’s arms tighten around Sherlock, pulling him closer.  “I love you, too, baby,” he says, dragging his lips across Sherlock’s mouth and down his neck, tasting every piece of collarbone and clavicle that he had wanted to earlier.  Sherlock moans and arches up against his mouth, and John can feel the rumble of his deep voice as he presses his lips against Sherlock’s chest.  He gently pushes the brunet back, down onto the floor, and moves over him.  Sherlock’s arms come up to wrap around his neck and his warm thighs part to cradle John’s body.  They fit so perfectly together, sinking into one another.  John sighs into his mouth.
“Did you find out the sex of your baby?”
John heard the words from what seemed to be a great distance, but he didn’t really comprehend them until he felt hands, rough and hard, pushing at him harshly.
“Yes, just like that, open up for me,” John groans as he sinks in to the impossible heat of Sherlock’s body.
For a moment John is confused because the sentence is just so blunt, not prefaced by anything.  “What?” he asks, sitting down heavily in the booth seat across from the brunet, the bench pushed flush against the corner of the wall so that it is practically blocking him in on his right side.
The man chuckles loudly at John’s answer, as if amused by John in the same way he would be amused by a dancing pet monkey.  “Yes, the bravery of the soldier,” he says, sharp smile never leaving his face.  “Bravery is by far the kindest word for stupidity, don’t you think?  Although a second close would have to be love.”  He pauses and gives John a calculating stare.  “What is your connection to Sherlock Holmes?” he asks suddenly, and there it is: the reason John knows that he’s here in this isolated, derelict building, talking to this shadowy, dangerous man.
The brunette man let out a last, desperate sigh and placed his hand carefully over his swollen stomach, trying to feel what lay underneath his fingers through the layers of clothing, skin and organs.
“Please,” Sherlock scoffs, gaze still glued to the eyepiece.  “I haven’t even smoked in four days.” He twists his body around in what appears to be an uncomfortable-looking position and sticks his arm out towards John, face still pressed to his microscope.  He pushes up the sleeve of his wrinkled button down and shows off his forearm.  John tries to ignore the old, discolored scar-pattern of track marks and focus on the nicotine patches that Sherlock is showing him.
In the video, Sherlock spreads his legs wider, actually lifting one to drape it across the edge of the bathtub, and John’s brain almost short-circuits.
“We will call you as soon as we get the test results back, but, if you are pregnant, you may develop more symptoms before you even hear back from us.  Your…breasts…” he said, looking sheepish and slightly uncomfortable for the first time since he had seen Sherlock, “male as they may be, will become tingly, sore, and feel a little swollen, as your male body struggles with the fact that you do not have the necessary mammary glands that the hormones are meant to stimulate, thanks to the progesterone and estrogen coursing through your system.  Also, another symptom that may come up is frequent urination.  The pregnancy hormone hCG will increase the blood flow to your pelvic area and your kidneys, making them more efficient during pregnancy, since you will be urinating for two.”  He stood, signaling the end of Sherlock’s appointment, and the tall brunette moved to do the same, hitting his head on the overhanging light fixture above the exam bed with a hollow-sounding
But it’s too late.  The small, plain, battered ring goes sailing out the window.  John reaches the sill just in time to hear his wedding ring thud softly against the grass of the yard outside, but he doesn’t see where it has landed.
He needs a shower.  He needs to wash off the evidence of tonight, clean himself up, wipe it all away.
There is a lump rising in his throat, threatening to choke him.  When he releases it, it is a breathless sob.  John drops his head into his hands and closes his eyes against the shame that he feels.
“This isn’t a restaurant, Sherlock,” Mycroft would scold.  “You can’t just come and go as you please and expect to be catered to.  This household runs on a very tight schedule.”
He reaches down to stroke Sherlock’s stiff prick a few times, gathering the precome which always flows so freely from Sherlock’s tip.  He knows they don’t have any lube, so he prepares to limit himself to only fingering the teen for a little while before moving on to other things.  However, when he drags his fingers across the small pucker of muscle and finds it wet with lube and already pliant and loose, he stops and stares down at the boy, pulling back slightly to look at him in confusion.
And as soon as the words are out of his mouth, he knows he’s never said anything more true in his life.
“What?  What is it?” he asked angrily, pushing himself up onto his elbows to see where John had gone.
“I know you didn’t break it off,” Mike says to him, not looking at him.  “I’m not stupid, you know.”
,” she says crisply.  “
The sinking feeling grew, and Sherlock’s breath caught in his chest.  “Why?” he asked.  “What happened?”
John chuckles as he continues mixing.  “What a strange thing to be thinking about.  Only you would wonder something like that,” he says, a hint of something like pride in his voice.  He looks down at the leftover chocolate chips they have, and at the squeeze tube of chocolate sauce he was going to use to drizzle over the biscuits when they were done.  A wicked thought comes into his mind.
“Nuh-uh,” John says, reaching him and grabbing the cigarette out of his mouth.  “Don’t think so.  Not gonna happen.”
When John finally takes hold of Sherlock’s aching cock, the brunet man gasps, surprised at the intensity of the sensation there.  John has teased him so mercilessly that his body is as taut as the strings on his violin, ready to snap if pushed any farther.  But John doesn’t relent.  He smears his palm over the head of Sherlock’s cock and through the copious amounts of precome that Sherlock has leaked over the time John has spent worshipping him.  There is more than enough lubrication for what John intends to do.
“I didn’t know, John. How could I have known such comfort when I was never coddled as an infant?”
John reached over and took Sherlock’s hand and said around the lump in his throat, “Thank you.”
Full head of steam, confident in his righteousness, he continued, his voice getting louder with each lecturing phrase. “In a relationship, there are compromises. Even you can see, that I have done more than my share of compromising, more than my share of doing things that I did not like for your sake. I have given and given without asking for anything in return because in a relationship, that’s what people DO!”
“I need to know.”
“You’re using dirty talk. Very good, John, although your tone is rather offputting.”
“I told him all of it and then he pulled me in his lap and rocked me. I felt safe and that was new to me. Nobody ever comforted me like that until—“
Sherlock banged cupboard doors and something broke in the sink before he returned with a dark bottle.
From behind the door, a small voice that could not be Sherlock’s. “John?”
As Rudolph lived out his angsty young existence on the screen, John could feel the waves of resentment rolling off Sherlock even after he had pulled his crushed fingers from Sherlock’s death grip.  The loaded silence, the staring straight ahead, the checking of the watch.  He’d had a more romantic exchange with a stranger, waiting for a lift.
“We’ve been living rough, John,” Sherlock answered, grateful for the attempt.
In spite of his humiliation or perhaps because of it, John got hard. As hard as the cheese on the third shelf of the refrigerator next to the small jar of toes.
“That’s better. I won’t need my magnifying glass.” Sherlock put one hand on his ample hip and continued to move the other hand up and down as best he could but although the skin moved back and forth, there was not as much friction as John would have liked.
Sherlock was still hovering and he hadn’t met John’s eyes even once. “Am I forgiven for leaving your program?”
He sighed and shook himself. It could not be about John Watson tonight or any time soon.
It echoed. He smelled chlorine. Oh god. His legs started to go so he leaned against the wall. There was a pause long enough for John’s vision to return and his heart to leave his throat and drop back down in his chest.
He swallowed around the boulder in his throat and whispered, “I very much want to hold you right now. Can you bear to be touched?”
Sherlock nodded with a spastic jerk. “Never again,” he whispered.
“Smegma and pre-ejaculate not enough then?” Sherlock asked quizzically.
“My god, Sherlock, what happened at Christmas time?”
Molly’s voice. “It’s for you, Sherlock.”
“No, I was precocious. I knew what I was doing. I went back to school early, intending to kill myself and keep the world safe.  Mr. Reggie sensed it somehow. He was my Greek and Latin teacher; everyone loved him. He was full of praise for my work. I used to crave praise.”
John fetched bath sheets and flannels and put them on the radiator to warm. He found Sherlock’s shopping bag and pulled out the shower gel. Uncapped, the bottle released a mouthwatering chocolate mint scent. He shook his head at Sherlock’s extravagance. While he was flattered at being so showered with gifts, he was also sad that Sherlock felt the need to overcompensate.
John’s first blow job had been behind the pizzeria where he had a part time job to put himself through uni so the scent of garlic proved a ready aphrodisiac. He spurted through Sherlock’s fingers onto the silk shirt on the floor.
He squeezed Sherlock’s foot and tucked it back under the blanket. He couldn’t seem to stop touching him as if there wasn’t enough comfort in the world.
That first lonely Christmas as a student when he didn’t have the fare to go home, he had taken the last of his pocket money to buy the tape and store bought biscuits and crisps. On the way back from the shop, he had foolishly checked his box again to find the package from his grandmother with gingerbread men and mince pies just like they had always made together. He had held in the tears until he was safely shut in his room. And the day the package had come, December 13th became Rudolph Day
