Steve whimpered and bowed his back as he tried to break free again, making more wounded noises when he failed. Feeling as though he was getting nowhere, Tony stepped back over to the Alpha and ran a hand down his side, careful to not disturb his stitches.
found out Steve liked me back, give me a break,” Tony scowled, folding his arms over his chest, “Besides, I’m not exactly the
mocha chocolate chip and is watching Golden Girls re-runs on TV. So, I’ll ask again, what happened?” He grunted.
“Okay, your turn to get hard,” he said, wheezing out his laughter at Steve’s embarrassed sputtering.
Rhodey motioned to Steve with his hand, giving Tony his I-told-you-so face.
“It smells like Steve,” he explained quietly, “He will not go down without it if he is not there to rock him to sleep.”
Staring at the ceiling, he was absolutely certain he looked starry-eyed, but he couldn’t care less, considering only JARVIS could see him, and he figured the AI wouldn’t say anything. The smile stayed on his face for all of five seconds, before the doubt kicked in.
“Isn’t it?” Tony replied flippantly, feeling his pulse start to pick up.
Tony closed his eyes and tried to relax, forcing himself to think of something else: his friends at home, Peter, anything to get the thought of Howard out of his mind. Slowly, his body loosened, and he felt Steve begin to relax as his scent changed.
“You have left yourself open to a divided attack,” he said aloud, scooting forward on Steve’s leg to better look at the paper and make sure that he had properly come to his conclusion, “Look—you have good base defenses, but you have concentrated them around the plumbing that runs out from the walls. In theory, that would fend off anyone planning on a sneak attack by coming in through the pipes, but it weakens the surrounding, less-defended walls. If a large enough army divided itself in half and squeezed the city, they would easily win. The compound is too large to call for extra men in time.”
“We’ll deal with this later. Right now, you two need to come—you need to follow me,” he said, narrowing his eyes at Clint’s dirty giggle, “Nat and T’Challa have some information you two need to hear. Clint’s going to perch out here for a while.”
“Hi,” Tony whispered quickly, “I’m Tony. You’re safe now. We took you away from the bad guys and that nasty place. I know you’re really scared right now, but we’re going to be able to help you, okay? This here is Natasha, and this is Bruce. They’re really good friends of mine and we’re going to try our best to help you.”
is a woman,” Rhodey whistled, easing Tony back once it was just them in the room, “Think you can hook me up?”
“Did I say that?” he tried, laying down when Tony crawled forward and over him, “I—I, uh, I meant—”
“I shall fetch you something to drink. Doctor Banner has enlisted my help often to watch over his patients,” he said, carefully tucking the bed furs around Tony.
“Such a good boy, doing so well eating,” he praised, tugging his clothing back into place between pats, “Your mama would be so proud of you, darling--”
. He…respects you.”
“The leather is tanned and layered for mobility and strength, then overlaid with steel plates for extra protection,” Bruce explained, “Each set is custom-made to a person’s dimensions to make sure we do not have any waste materials.”
“Alright, you’re doing really well, kiddo, okay? Almost halfway done,” Tony encouraged, handing the shirt up to Natasha, “Now I have to pick you up. It’ll take two seconds. If you get uncomfortable, don’t worry. It’ll be over really soon.”
. We will continue this conversation
“Give that back!”
“I need help getting over Steve,” he said quietly.
PJ huffed and shook his head, making his hair fall into his face. He pushed it back with a grunt, tugging on Tony’s pants again. Feeling his heart pull a little, Tony slowly reached down to card his fingers through the boy’s hair, shaking his head.
Taking his place between the goalposts, Tony got into position, waiting for Richards’ whistle to begin. Thankfully, soccer came as second-nature to him, as it was nothing but complicated chess on a field. The X-Men were particularly easy to play against, considering each of the team members tended to have their own moves or skill sets that were easy to pick out. However, the last thing Tony expected was to have the new kid manage to zip up, kick up and roundhouse the ball directly into his chest to slam up into his chin, fast enough that it knocked him backward into the net. Groaning, Tony rolled over in the grass, clutching at his chest as pain flared in his small body; he heard Clint yelling at him, but he pushed himself to his knees, only to vomit into the grass as the pain started to become unbearable.
“Honey? Is everything alright?” He asked, reaching across the table to pick up Tony’s hand, “Did something happen? Do I need to bury whatever’s in the box?”
He still worried, but he figured that if something was wrong, it was worth it if it meant Steve said something nice about him.
“God, you can pick him up, Rogers,” Tony grunted, quickly scooping PJ up into his arms and grabbing up the cup, only to hand it to Steve, “Sorry, pumpkin pie. Apparently, someone has really weak arms and can’t pick up a big, strong boy like you.”
“Everything okay?” Tony asked once Steve had hung up, leading them both outside to sit on a bench.
“You okay?” he asked softly, looking into Steve’s eyes.
“—This helped. I always had you with me, Cap. No matter what. Even—even when I was done with the cruelness of the world, you were right there, in my heart,” he continued lowly, pulling Steve in to wrap his arms around him, “Yeah? You’ve always been by my side, my love. Through everything. I just wanted you to catch up on the few stories you don’t remember.”
The room fell deadly silent, and in the distraction Steve broke free, sprinting toward one of the fallen tables to use it as a springboard to launch himself at Rhodey. Thor barely tackled him in time and the Warlords went crashing to the ground, struggling on the floor.
“Hey! I know this book,” He said, pulling out a copy of
“Tony!” Bucky shouted, “You have a
Pepper watched as Tony read the book to PJ, having him repeat the names of the colors and point out other things in the room that were the same color. Watching them interact made her choke up a little; she’d dreamed of kids herself, and at one point, with Tony. Yet, watching him dote on and coo over a boy that had his hair and Steve’s sharp nose made her realize that perhaps it had been the right decision to let that go.
“Ah, c’mon, Cap. You just have to spend time with him, that’s all,” Tony said, drying his hands and hopping up onto the counter to watch the other, “He really does like you. I just think it’s in his nature to be afraid first and curious second. He’ll need time, but he’ll come around.”
can’t fucking understand what you’re saying half of the time.”
Moving to turn on the water allowed him to hide his face from Steve. He shucked off Steve’s shirt and tossed it with his underwear to the side, only to feel fingers stroking his side. Steve’s fingers traced over his ribs, so he looked under his arm and saw a small bruise.
“Awe, yes, I love you too, peanut,” He giggled, knowing Tony was probably horrified, “Now, can you love Daddy for me for just a bit longer ‘til I get home? Give him lots of kisses and hugs for me.”
PJ stared at Tony, his doe eyes blinking rapidly as he attempted to process the information. He hurriedly pushed at Tony’s chest, scrambling out of his lap before running to the middle of the room, only to stop once he saw Thor, Scott, Clint, and Pepper all watching him. There was a beat of silence before he broke out into a large wail, shuddering as he dropped to his backside. The sound made Bruce clap his hands over his ears, so he stood and made to leave the room. Tony quickly grabbed his arm and forced him back down, leveling him with a look. Quietly, he swallowed the anxiety bubbling in his chest, tentatively creeping over to the child once the wailing subsided to a steady sob.
“Steve’s here,” Tony explained, hearing the blond move from the chair to the other side of the bed, “He brought you a change of clothes and stuff in case we needed it, but I guess not.”
Moving to the closet, Tony quickly set to grabbing a few blankets, laying them out on the bed for extra warmth. He set the box of tissues on his nightstand, and before he could talk himself out of it, slid into the bed to let PJ curl up to him.
“Dirty cheater,” he grumbled as Steve grinned.
“Still no word on the satellite phone, Steve. Should I keep attempting to contact the civilian?”
, his college classes were going exceptionally well, and he’d even made new friends at college, despite being the youngest in his courses. Then, Fury had announced that there was a new student exchange program, which meant there would be new students joining each grade. Tony had immediately been impressed by T’Challa, a prince from the African country of Wakanda who had come to America to learn more about customs to further his studies of international diplomacy. There had been Stephen, a tall, lanky fellow from Tibet who preferred sign language over speaking, and Danny, a chatterbox who was agile and skilled in multiple types of self-defense, who Tony immediately asked to teach him some moves.
diner and seen them sitting at
Steve brought Tony’s hands up and kissed his knuckles, giving him a moment to breathe and compose himself. He sucked down a few breaths and squeezed Steve’s hands in thanks before nodding and starting up again.
Before they all could get any further in the teasing, a loud chime from overheard signaled an incoming video call. They all looked around and Clint began to count, but everyone was in attendance, putting the army people on high alert.
“Steve. It’s not your fault. You tried to protect him the best way you could and he knows that,” Bucky said, risking a glare at Rhodey, “At least the conversation we’ll have won’t be too bad.”
“Cheeky bastard,” Tony mumbled, having to adjust himself before setting that drawing face-down on the first one, then removing the third drawing.
“No booster seat. Plus, this car is a bit advanced for your geriatric-ness. I need to drive and I can’t have him in the backseat by himself,” he explained, unlocking the doors and opening the passenger side to slide the seat forward, “In. Go.”
Cannibalism was the least of his worries about the Prime Alpha. Rumors swirled around his city like fog, but he had heard stories from the Captain of the Guard himself and knew how dangerous the Alpha could be. It was said that the man was built like a mountain, immovable and immeasurable, both in power and cruelty. He commanded the largest army on their landmass, having conquered the eastern half of the Northern Territory during his first four years in command. However, unlike other Captains, he was always at the front of his army, riding into battle with a shield in one hand and his horse’s reins in the other. No one could fathom how a man without a weapon could win such large battles, but the Prime Alpha succeeded each time, wiping out waves of men with few losses of his own. It was a terrifying concept, to say the least, that a man could cause so much destruction with only his bare hands.
Carefully, he unwound his sash belt and removed the bundle, smiling down at it as he unraveled his treasure. His own eyes blinked back at him, but they were accompanied by a button nose and small, soft lips, between which an equally small thumb was stuck.
Tony bit his lip and tucked his face into Peter’s cheek, taking a moment to breathe in the baby’s fresh scent. He had thought much more about Mary in the past weeks than he had when she had died. After Bruce had asked him to talk, he had begun to see all the little bits of Mary in Peter, and now with Rhodey’s arrival, he wanted to ask about her but was afraid to have confirmed what he already knew.
“He probably went to the gym. He’s frustrated that he was wrong for once,” he snorted, carefully putting his arm around PJ to rub the boy’s back, “Actually, do you think you could send Rhodey down whenever he gets back? It's looking like I’m going to be here for a bit. Oh, god, wait, PJ needs a bag too, since he’s most likely not going to leave my side, but I took his elephant with us when we went for our stroll and then got kidnapped—”
“I do not mind it
“You want to grab the cloaks? I can put mine on after we drop him off,” Tony said, “I will remind Bruce about the doll and we can pick it up when we return.”
“Aye. He remains with James--with Rhodey, in the infirmary,” Thor said as he idly cracked his knuckles, “I believe he is trying to keep him calm and rested, as you should also be.”
“Yeah. I figure I will need him,” he said softly, “Need you guys too. Help me get over him.”
,” Tony stage-whispered to Steve, ignoring the staring around them as he slotted himself up against Steve’s chest, “God, at least we didn’t have to argue about taking each other’s names—”
“Hello?” Tony called out tentatively, bracing himself for Rhodey to come barging in.
“Alright, everyone! Pack up and head to your seats with your math books!” Miss Hill called from the front, clapping her hands three times.
“What, pray tell, does
“Well, in my defense, I was trying to not seem imposing or anything. I mean, gosh, Tony. You’re—you’re
“He’s concussed,” An unfamiliar voice said as prodding on his arms made him squirm in pain, “And…I think we need to take him in for a formal exam.”
“I guess not. I’m assuming that HYDRA only did what was necessary for a test subject, not for a human child,” Tony answered quietly, watching PJ start to tap the phone, “He didn’t know what a bathroom was, Rogers.”
. And not existing as just the Prime Alpha’s eye candy.
Struggling to not cry, Steve couldn’t help but smile at the page, tracing a fingertip over the line. Looking up over at Tony, he cleared his throat, getting his attention.
, and Tony couldn’t deny it. He almost felt bad that she wasn’t his type, but after seeing how flushed Steve’s face became the first day she clacked into the room in her red stilettos, he felt nothing for her but jealous contempt.
If he was being honest, it was only an excuse to escape from the situation he had gotten himself into. It was easier to feign ignorance when he was not surrounded by people that may understand both of their dialects. Remembering this fact, Tony straightened up and turned around, staring like a caught burglar at the fairly large crowd that had gathered around them. He felt sweat roll down the back of his neck as he subconsciously took a step back, realizing that he had offended the leader of this group of people
“I—I hadn’t exactly prepared a list of boy names in the happenstance I had a child,” he finally said, shrugging, “I’ll take suggestions—no, I will not name him Clinton
Thor laughed and translated to Steve, who merely deepened his pout. He grumbled out a sentence, but the strict manner soon fell and his arms began to shake, so he ducked his head to hide his face from them. With a soft sigh, Thor put a hand on Steve’s shoulder and squeezed.
Natasha turned to Tony, clearing her throat multiple times before he looked up.
“Steve?” he asked, his tongue heavy in his mouth.
“Tony?...Tony!”
It was quiet again, so Tony stood from his chair, slowly moving over to kneel in front of Steve. He took his hand in both of his own, looking up to search his eyes.
“That’s me, the kid’s had a number done to him, and I feel like—fuck, a literal elephant just stepped on my heart and is sending me into an unneeded panic,” Tony grunted, scrubbing his hands over his face, “I can’t believe you sent Steve down here. Really? Out of everyone?”
“Is the boy waking?” Thor asked loudly, his voice carrying across the room.
With a plan in place, Clint went off with his bow and the others set up camp. Tony immediately grabbed a specific object from his pack, at which both Bruce and Rhodey frowned at.
Steve tilted his head, a flash of unidentifiable emotion flickering over his face for only a second before he nodded.
“That’s—That’s not—”
ticking right in front of you. Flesh and blood, right here for you to touch and hold to your heart’s content. I’m sure after a nicely worded letter from Pepper, Fury will give you well-deserved leave for a few years. I missed my trophy husband waiting for me in our bed, yeah?”
“I guess we are going bare this morning, baby,” he said, shifting Peter up to his shoulder, “At least it will be easier for you to feed.”
“Come lay with me, darling,” Tony murmured sleepily, holding up the furs for Steve.
Tony laughed gently, knocking his forehead against hers. Despite breaking up the year before, he still felt an enormous amount of love for Pepper and was glad for her calming words.
“Do what?” he asked, looking over at Natasha.
bambino
“I don’t want you to go,” he eventually whispered sadly, biting the inside of his cheek to keep from crying in front of strangers in an isolated area.
“Tha’s it, fill me up,” Tony slurred, somehow picking up his arm to be able to pet Steve’s hair, “Good boy, did so well, takin’ such good care a’me, talked so pretty, too…”
“Something funny, Tones?” Rhodey asked as he wrapped up his knuckles, “How’s my favorite nephew?”
“Sir, the young Sir is asking for you in a most desperate tone and seems to be having an attack,” JARVIS said, interrupting his thoughts.
, having a bonded heat without me would--”
“Uh-uh. Not ‘llowed in the class. Gotta stay in the cubby,” Steve explained, hanging up Tony’s bag across from his own, “You can take stuff outta it, though.”
He closed his eyes as he was fretted over, still hearing PJ’s screaming from somewhere down the hall. The sound made his gut curl in on itself, ramping up to the point of nausea. Feeling sick, Tony had to force his eyes open, realizing that the nausea was probably due to the foul antiseptic smell that permeated the room.
“Yeah? You’ve always loved my hands,” Tony groaned, wrapping his other arm around Steve’s shoulders to keep them pressed together, “Love my callouses on your cock, baby? Feels good, huh?”
“Disgusting.”
“Is it really you?”
“Holy fuck you’re in love with me,” Steve said, immediately clapping his hand over his mouth once he realized he’d said it out loud.
He looked at Bucky for confirmation, but the man had already fallen asleep, mouth open against his window. Shaking his head fondly, Rhodey stretched himself out and settled down, easily falling asleep as they moved on toward New York.
Natasha rolled her eyes and looked over Tony’s shoulder again. She grunted and shook her head, stepping away so he could turn around to the empty, cluttered room. It was difficult to see what had come out of his attempt to find a better life; he looked away from the mess and blinked back guilty tears.
“We took down a few guys and got out of there. And then I got to have nice Captain America lectures the entire ride home,” he summarized, “And he left. He helped me down here and is just…gone. I think PJ screaming freaked him out. Plus, super soldier hearing, and all that.”
“You could be wearing a dress,” Steve laughed, gesturing to his own outfit.
He felt even more confused and hurt than before. First, he is bed, then ignored the next morning? Is this how Steve intended on treating him? With a sigh, Tony attempted to shift out of bed, being careful as to not agitate his delicates. Unfortunately, he quickly realized he was feeling no pain at
, children,” Bucky repeated, folding his arms over his chest, “Regardless of the actual count, it's still a high number. But it does mean we have physical records of what HYDRA did. However…we’re having trouble pinning down Zola or any of his high-up cronies to try and bring them in for charges. So far, we’ve just got word on movements, and even then, it's sparse.”
“The sand, it’s just…”
“Daddy,” PJ repeated, pointing at Tony before moving to Steve, “…Daddy?”
It was a little difficult to pass a sleeping baby without waking him up. Eventually, they settled on Tony almost tipping the babe into Rhodey’s arms so his head would easily flop from one shoulder to the other. If it bothered Peter, he did not make a noise to voice it and carried on sleeping. While Rhodey cooed and fussed over the baby with the others, Tony sidled up to Steve to wrap his arms around his waist and tuck his head against his chest. Steve quickly enveloped him in an embrace and gave him a kiss of his own, slowly and deliberately.
“I’m old, Rogers, leave me be,” He grumbled, letting PJ pluck a tissue from the box to clean off his own face.
“Mine too,” Steve whispered, moving up to brush their noses together, “God, I’m so sorry, love. I’m so, so sorry—”
“Relax,” he soothed, pulling Steve back against his chest, “Drift. It will help you feel better.”
At that, Tony looked up, brow raised as he said, “And it’s definitely me, because…?”
Tony’s penis, but mirrored, he moved onto the story:
The entire jet was silent for a few seconds, a range of disbelief to nausea on the other Avengers’ faces. Shaking his head, Tony realized he was leaning forward and sat back, not making eye contact with the others.
“What? I—Bucky, stop trying to get at Tony,” Steve scolded, “I’m just saying, we don’t need to explain ourselves. What we do in Tony’s bed is our business.”
sucks—”
Thor waved a hand to the one woman in the room and beckoned her over, murmuring to her in low tones before turning to Tony.
He wasn’t quite used to carrying Steve, so Tony grabbed up their suits and helped Steve down to the lake, glad to see that it was deep enough for both of them. Thankfully, Steve started to rebound as soon as they got into the water, but it was cold, and even Tony was feeling the chill.
Elementary school.
“Your friend--James? He is in the infirmary if you would like to come see him. He is recovered, save for being lethargic,” he said while adjusting his glasses, “Plus, I would like to leave the Prime to rest for a while. It is most likely that he will not sleep since the hormones are still being flushed from his body, but it would be preferable that he stay away from the others to recuperate. Are you comfortable leaving him here with Peter? The baby’s presence might help calm him.”
Tears leaked from his eyes, but he did not cry. He felt hollow as the acceptance of the worst fate imaginable set in his mind. No amount of petting or cooing from Steve brought him up, to the point that he began to scent strongly of sorrow and grief.
“Hey, I’m alright, pumpkin. Just a little beat. You wanna lay down with me?” He asked softly.
“Tony,” Steve said slowly, raising an eyebrow at the man, “Do
, Steve had said to him in elementary, making a grossed-out face,
“No. I am not letting you out of my sight again.”
“Yes sir, Mr. Fury, sir,” Clint called out, saluting as he turned around in his desk, “Sir, if I may say so, your culturally inappropriate bindi looks very nice today—”
“See? There are not enough men here,” He explained, shifting his representations of the army to simulate them attacking the under-defended sides, “Men would have to be split to each attack point to defend it, but there are not enough within range that could get there in time to properly ward off the attack. You need to put more men or heavier artillery here.”
“I’m sure there’s an intergalactic alien somewhere that you could go toe-to-toe with.”
“Of course, little rabbit. Always.”
“Yeah. He better,” Tony mumbled, stroking Peter’s back, “Could—could you leave me to rest? I feel quite tired.”
Steve panted and tried to not move too much, afraid of Tony pulling away or Peter unlatching on accident. He whimpered and Tony scraped his teeth over the glands, licking his lips as he leaned back.
—from which Tony promptly plucked out a Hawkeye diaper and added it to the handful of clothing.
“Pwetty,” he mumbled around his thumb, looking up at Natasha.
Steve giggled and fell into whiny moans, easily rolling his hips up into Tony’s fist. It didn’t even take much encouraging on Tony’s part before he shuddered and came, coating his belly and shirt in stripes of come. He arched up as Tony kept going, stroking him into oversensitivity, making him writhe on the futon until Tony came as well, spilling over their cocks and joining Steve’s drying mess on his stomach.
Bruce held his arms out, and Tony knew he had no resistance to a good forge, so he carefully put Peter in Bruce’s arms, smiling at the baby’s gurgles.
would be a lot more difficult for him than losing
Tony shook his head, watching as PJ lost interest in Bruce’s coat and returned to Tony’s side.
He knew that bear; Tony kept him on top of their dresser, even though he was slightly ratty and missing a button eye. He constantly told Steve that Captain Ameribear would protect them and watch them while they slept, and Steve had just joked back that voyeurs weren’t really his thing. Sitting back, Steve let the information sink in for a moment, a million thoughts swirling in his head: he knew about Howard, so he knew that at this point in time, Tony was well into the physical abuse stage. Was this how Tony had been coping all these years? By writing stories about him, Captain America, yelling at a child about how it was his fault for getting hurt when in reality, it was because Howard Stark was a piece of shit?
“Better be careful, or those are mine,” Steve laughed, biting the air playfully.
“Be serious. Going feral could keep him incapacitated for weeks if we are not careful, and with the current situation with the Stark Kingdom, we cannot afford to have him down here grunting like a hog,” Sam said.
Tony grunted and shook his head.
“Thor, tell me what is going on,” he demanded without looking away.
Steve nodded, turning his head to nose at Tony’s palm. He reached up to grab the hand and brought it to his lips to kiss Tony’s knuckles.
Steve’s face remained passive, but the guilt seeping through their bond told another story. All he had to do was raise one eyebrow to get Steve’s facade to crumble.
He pressed a kiss to PJ’s cheek and turned toward Steve, assessing the situation quickly. Slowly, he went over to Steve’s side, making sure his steps were audible to not scare the man.
“That’s it, stay nice and relaxed and take it all.”
“Would either of you have guessed that a bunch of us went into the armed forces?” Rhodey said, changing the subject to try to put Steve at ease.
“Right! So, we don’t either,” Steve said, motioning toward Nat with a triumphant smile.
“Alright, I’ll look. Even though I’m not a physician,” he sighed, taking off his glasses to clean on his shirt, “I hope you know what you’re doing, Tony.”
Steve laughed as he got up and tugged Tony into a hug, resting his chin on the top of Tony’s head. They stood like that for a while, wrapped in each other, until the smaller man cleared his throat.
“What?”
?” Tony hissed, dropping his voice.
appreciate an Alpha in a pseudo-rut getting grabby with me--”
“Jesus, that looks painful,” He murmured, absentmindedly reaching up to press around one of his nipples.
“We won,” Steve said, picking his head up to roaring cheers.
Tony sniffled and shook his head, attempting to convey that he was not worried about safety any longer, but the Prime seemed to understand and moved his hand to Tony’s shoulder to squeeze before dropping altogether. He peered at Tony’s face, and once he managed to collect himself and shift the baby to his other shoulder, the Prime nodded, beckoning to him.
“Oh, so the big man’s got jokes, huh?”
Looking up at his Mother, she smiled warmly down at him, squeezing his hand comfortingly.
“You were going to. Now hush, human furnace.”
“Oh, he is
“Do—Do we have another Tony Stark? Holy—goodness, is he yours?” Bruce finally asked disbelief etched into his features.
“But Tony—”
So, when the team caught him downing his third gallon of ice cream while watching Pride and Prejudice and Zombies, Tony merely took the Neapolitan out of his hand and exchanged it for Moose Tracks, complaining that, “no one eats the goddamn strawberry except for me, so don’t eat the rest of the goddamn tub.”
Tony whined, sticking out his bottom lip in a pout. He
“Go?” PJ asked, his little hand clutched at the collar of Tony’s shirt.
He could feel his face heat up into what he assumed was a very prominent blush. Steve raised an eyebrow at him and he started to squirm, not liking the judgment stamped onto the Alpha’s face.
“Gross, Wilson,” Bucky grunted, glaring when Scott laughed.
Looking up at the nurse, Tony acknowledged her with a grunt.
“Thanks, Cap. I appreciate it,” he murmured, ignoring how feeble he sounded, “Really. It means—it means a lot to me.”
“I will not hesitate to throw you out the window, Wilson.”
“I’m fine,” he bit back, forcing a smile on his face as PJ teetered out of the car, stumbling a bit before running over to grab onto to his pant leg, “Hello, small bean. Papa’s going to carry you for a bit, okay?”
“Agh! No! No, no, keep your little grubby hands to yourself, you need a bath before you go near anyone—look what you’ve done, Steve,” Tony griped, “Ugh, fine. I love you too, you big lug. Tell Nat to hurry up the jet so I can kiss you sooner.”
“I love it. You’s a good friend, Tony,” he murmured, taking Tony’s hand in his own, “C’mon, let’s go finish playin’ house.”
“No, no no no, I am being good, I have been good,” he begged, “Steve, Steve,
“We should keep moving. The rain will provide us cover,” he explained, tucking the baby back under his shirt and tying his sash on once more, “We’ll be there by nightfall, I’m sure of it.”
“Oh, baby, how I missed you,” Tony purred, “Okay, Steve. You’re taking PJ and sitting in the back with him in your lap.”
He smiled and petted the baby’s cheek with a fingertip, his face softening at Peter’s gurgle. Without thinking, he brought the baby up to kiss his cheek and nose at his temple. A sharp breath from next to him caused him to freeze and pull back.
“Uh—right,” he said, looking at Tony but not quite making eye contact, “Bucky—the arm will be a good distraction for PJ. And maybe he can talk better to the kid about being under HYDRA’s hold. Good plan, Stark.”
“He has a point,” Natasha commented, reloading her bites as she looked at the carnage around them, “The level of security is too high to be just an outpost. There has to be something else here.”
“It makes me feel so much better when you cry, y’know. Considering that I am the more emotional one of the two of us, seeing my big, burly army boy shed a few shiny ones really solidifies my masculinity,” he joked, grinning as he leaned over and pursed his lips.
“A front carrier!” he exclaimed, putting his now-free hands on his hips, “Fascinating—I have never seen it done with a single piece of cloth before. We usually make large pockets with straps or use a side sling. Ingenious!”
“Thank you, Bruce,” Tony murmured, managing a tired smile for the physician.
, but after one too many knowing looks from his teammates, Steve found himself pacing in his bedroom, strategically going through his previous discussions with Tony to try and look for any underlying motive: the shower, the ice cream, the technological advice—no matter how unnecessary, Tony was still very patient when Steve actually did need help—even the gifts of varying art supplies that would randomly show up on his doorstep seemed to point toward an ulterior motive.
“Yeah. Heterochromia. Different colors,” Tony explained, “That eye is brown and the other one is blue.”
so after Banner passed on your message. We sent him off to talk to his Lieutenant and he came back to us to ask for this meeting so he could formally apologize to you and ask you for mercy.”
Tony let out a whine and blinked the dots away, letting out a sigh of relief when he could see again. Steve towered over him, his hair unbraided and falling over his face as he looked down at him, clearly worried. Tony reached back up for Peter, which Steve immediately understood. He carefully got the infant out of the crib—a little too well, Tony managed to note—and handed the babe to Tony, making sure they were tucked in well.
“We--” Steve motioned for the crowd to silence again, “We have taken a prisoner from the Stark Army. If we come to know anything important, I will make an announcement. For now, go home. Rest. Heal. That is all.”
“Ah, good, you are still awake! Banner stopped me in the hall and requested I bring you some broth and herbal tea,” the linguist boomed.
“God, I love you,” Steve sighed happily, “You’re so good to him, Tony. I know you’ve done such a good job with him. I can’t wait to get home so we can all pile in the bed.”
“Why would he want to do that?” Steve asked, idly tapping Bucky’s leg, “He’s bent on creating a new wave of super soldiers, and it failed. I figured he’d go into hiding again.”
“We should not have walked so far. I was already sore, but now I am
“Yes. Seeing Tony and PJ again after a month with little to no contact,” she said, peeling off her catsuit with a grunt of disgust, not caring that she was only in her skivvies, “Do you think you’re mentally ready for all that?”
Steve pulled back and blinked, cocking his head at Tony’s sheepish smile.
“I still don’t get why he likes you the best,” Clint sighed, sitting down in one of the hospital chairs, “I mean, I’m clearly the cool one. I can juggle. Why aren’t I the favorite?”
“Well, I thought--” Tony nibbled on his bottom lip again and looked away, shivering under Steve’s gaze, “I figured, since you had practically slicked me up and got me hard, you were going to--”
“You alright?” He asked, tilting his head slightly.
“Couldn’t forget me gettin’ a little, uh, ticked over you eating my stash, huh?”
Whatever it was, Peter was more curious than fussy, so Tony felt a little calmed by that. He walked down the hallway toward the staircase and heard a commotion from the dining room. Believing that he would find some of the others to ask where Steve went, he threw open the doors, and the sight that greeted him nearly made him faint. The tables and chairs had been knocked over and cutlery and place settings were scattered about. Rhodey was struggling on one end of the room, barely restrained by Clint and Sam. Steve stood at the other end, equally as angry and forcibly wrestling against the grips of Thor, Bucky, and Natasha. The sound of the doors slamming shut made everyone jump and whip around to look at Tony, who could only open his mouth slightly as he tried to understand what was happening. Rhodey took one glance at Tony’s clearly bruised neck and began to growl loudly, feet scraping on the floor as he tried to escape his captors.
“Jealous?” Tony asked, “Well, we can’t have
“No, honey, you’re not going. You are staying here with me,” Tony said, pressing a kiss to the boy’s forehead, “Sorry, bud.”
“Alright. Let us return and eat more,” he conceded, standing up from the bed and reaching for Steve’s hand.
“Would you like me to hold Peter while you test it?”
The slat quickly slid across and clicked shut, causing Tony to hiss in frustration.
, and after a cursory check, realized he had jumped to conclusions and had kicked Steve out of his own bed for no reason.
“I swear, he is not usually like this. I think being feral made him clingy,” he sighed, looking back at Steve’s still-pouty face.
Steve’s voice pulled him out of his thoughts, making him shake his head to try and bring himself back to the present.
“Okay? Enough for now? Papa can make you something to eat later if you get hungry again,” he told the now sleepy toddler, “Ready to go down and see all your aunts and uncles?”
Steve fell into place next to him and laid a hand on his lower back, but whether it was meant to be comforting or possessive, Tony could not tell. His touch
“Why?” Steve asked as he pushed open the door to their bedroom.
“I am going to kill you with my bare hands, you fucking Teletubby,” Tony growled, knowing that for the moment, it was all bluster.
? Jesus, Rogers, I leave for one goddamn minute, what did you do?” He sighed, hurrying over to PJ’s side, “Hey, baby, what’s wrong, huh? What’re the tears for?”
“No, no, he’s okay. Gimmie.”
“What? Is something wrong?” Tony asked, “I—I am his
“Tony?” Steve asked, noticing his hesitation.
Steve laughed breathily and scooted in to nose at Tony’s cheek, leaving a trail of butterfly kisses down to his ear.
The voice and a hand on his shoulder startled the hell out of Tony, causing him to jump and screech. Peter immediately burst into tears as he unlatched, no doubt just as scared as Tony was.
“Stop talking,” Bruce commanded.
Tony tried to protest, but once Steve’s arms were under him, he felt himself involuntarily relaxing. Once he was shifted over, Steve picked PJ up again and settled them both next to Tony, then added the elephant to the family pile. Despite the size of the bed in relativity to the two men-plus-child-plus-elephant, Tony found himself being comfortable, with Steve’s shoulder pressed up tight to his own.
“What?” Tony repeated out loud, genuinely confused by the admission.
They both looked over at PJ, who was currently picking at the sheets with curious vigor. Once he noticed the adults watching him, he hurriedly took his hands away, to which Tony shushed him and merely pulled the sheets up more.
“Do—do I really make you feel at home?”
“Go on. You won’t hurt him,” he encouraged.
“Where were you? You missed lunch again,” Steve asked immediately, scooting so their shoulders were touching.
“Did he hurt you?” Tony asked, immediately sitting up to check.
In an effort to keep from leaking his slick onto the bed, Tony shifted slightly, only to have the bed creak underneath him. He stilled and a chill swept down his spine; when he finally forced himself to look up at Steve, the Alpha was looking back at him, an amused smirk on his face. Embarrassment no doubt turned his cheeks a bright red and he made to duck under the furs, but Steve cleared his throat and held a hand out to him, beckoning him over. Tony swallowed his pride and slid out of the bed to pad over to Steve, awkwardly hovering next to him. The Alpha took his hand and tugged, putting his knee under him so Tony could perch on his lap. A sickening squelch resounded as his ass hit Steve’s leg and Tony froze again, suddenly aware of the Omega underwear he was wearing and that it was most likely wet from his slick.
“Easy, easy,” Steve’s soft voice drifted through his static haze, “It’s just me, it’s
“Looks nothing like Steve?” Natasha interrupted, raising an eyebrow, “No, but he definitely looks like you.”
“Papa works,” he answered, looking back to PJ with wet eyes, “How does that sound?”
“No, beginning of the statement.”
of all people. Could you imagine if we broke up?”
“Take it easy, pumpkin. You can always have more, I promise,” Tony soothed fondly, poking in another spoonful of rice, “You’ll always have food, okay? You don’t have to be like your Papa and squirrel away extras when you think no one is looking.”
“Is that okay with you, champ?” Steve asked as he stood, looking down at PJ.
“Tony.”
“Absolutely not,” Fury interrupted from where he was eavesdropping, “The child is SHIELD property—”
Tony watched as Steve scampered over to who he presumed was Miss Hill, giggling as the boy started to argue with her, causing the woman to put her hands on her hips and raise her eyebrow at him.
“…Yes, that’s what I just said. It’s kind of my whole deal.”
“What movie are we watching, Tony?” Jane piped up from Thor’s lap.
weird. I never thought I would live to see Tony Stark with a kid, let alone one on his
“Yeah, love. We have to scrub you down so you’re nice and clean.”
“Yeah, pretty. Just like Aunt Nat, huh? Okay, let’s keep going—”
After a momentary pause, Bucky gave a curt nod, dropping his chin to his chest.
“You’re Mr. Stark-Rogers’ husband, yes?” she asked, carefully sitting down next to him, “Could you fill out this information for me?”
?” Tony shrieked, finally managing to pull words out of his mouth, “How—when—Steve,
“He does not know the language like I do, sweet one. He decided to apologize first and says that he is sorry for riling you up on purpose,” Tony lied, “Can you apologize?”
“Don’t know what you’re talking about.”
,” he begged, scraping his nails over the Alpha’s scent glands.
When Tony woke up, he knew something was wrong. The room was hot and sticky, much like a humid summer morning, except he knew it was the middle of autumn and long past when these mornings came through. He groaned and tried to move, only to realize that the familiar weight that had been sleeping on his chest for the past week was gone. Scared, he sat straight up and heaved, clapping a hand over his mouth on instinct. After a moment, he spotted the babe: Peter was above the head of his bed in a crib, sound asleep. He had a thought about Steve moving
Finding his favorite, Tony quickly scarfed down the food, humming to himself as he set up a new pot of coffee. Just as he sat himself down on the kitchen counter, JARVIS came over the intercom.
Tony patted the object, seeing the recognition go across Steve’s eyes.
“Oh, my god,” Tony said, “Really?
Thankful for the moment of silence, Tony reached up to rub his temples, closing his eyes against an oncoming headache; he groaned softly, burying his head in his hands.
Rhodey leveled a look at him, causing Steve to slowly sink back down into his chair. After a nod, Rhodey turned back to Tony, a smirk stretched out over his lips.
“A few more hours and then we can stop. The deeper we are in the forest, the easier it is for us to stay hidden,” Clint said.
“Of course it is. It
Sophomore year became a flurry of drug-hazes on top of the auditorium, hiding from the others in the library, hiding from Howard until he could get into his liquor cabinet and the few week-long stints in the hospital and in rehab that never seemed to stick. When his friends asked where he had been, Tony waved it off as being with Howard on work-related business, learning the family trade, whatever he could come up with that they wouldn’t question as suspicious. He quickly noticed that their asking dwindled until it was only Bruce checking on him, eyeing him skeptically over his spectacles and humming in disbelief when Tony told him he was fine.
“It wasn’t
Steve’s voice sounded absolutely
“Keep him safe,” he said to Thor, smiling at the Warlord’s nod, “I need him back in one piece.”
“I’m not, but I’m trying to be that kind of friend.”
Steve immediately yanked away his hand, but he’d dealt with tamping down his strength around Tony for years, and upon realizing what had happened, tried to reach out again, only for Tony to be whisked back into the bowels of the hospital. Before he could body slam the doors down, Bucky and Rhodey were in front of him, muscling him down into a waiting chair. Bucky immediately took residence on Steve’s lap, refusing to budge even when Steve pushed on him.
“Are we sure this is a good idea?” he asked quietly, taking Bruce aside, “There was some…sensitive content. Not that they can’t handle it, but—”
chef.”
“Hey now, its just Auntie Pep, no need to be shy,” he soothed, petting PJ’s hair, “Why don’t we go get Mr. Elephant and some of your books? We can practice your words for Papa, so you can show off for him when he gets home. How does that sound?”
be angry with you,” he said honestly, “Besides, Banner talked with me about the, uh,
“JARVIS, run a heat signature scan,” Tony called, lessening his repulsors as he dropped to the ground, “Alright team, into the complex.”
“He likes strawberry ice cream,” Steve said sheepishly, to which PJ nodded and beamed, “And we sort of had an accident with juice.”
. Giving him all this stuff right away is a huge change. He needs a bit to cope.”
“Okay,
Thor was spotting a black eye and gripped his reins with one hand instead of two. Clint’s arm was in a sling, and a man with a falcon perched on his shoulder sat behind him, most likely due to losing his mare. Natasha was the only one with her head held high as one jagged cut stretched across her cheek.
Steve was the recipient of his first semi-word, a shy little “Pa?” accompanying a tug on his pants to try to get his attention. The Prime Alpha had crumbled under the realization that this child really did see him as his father, leading to Tony later finding him in tears on the floor as he cuddled the boy in his lap. It pained him to have missed his baby’s first word, but soon the stream of babble that followed had him wishing for the quieter days. And yet, it never failed to bring a smile to his face when Peter happily shrieked out “Da!” upon spotting him after being apart.
Immediately, Steve tried to drag him in as far as he could, to the point that his shoulder and face were pressed up against the bars. Tony swore under his breath and struggled a bit to get himself comfortable as Steve wrapped his body around his arm, pressing Tony’s hand against his scratchy cheek.
“Rhodey was wrong too,” he continued quietly, “Perhaps at first you forced my hand, but you always back off once you understand and are apologetic. Not many Alphas are like that, and even less so those with power. He just needs time to get to know you and to get used to … this. To us. I will talk to him, but you are going to have to apologize.”
“Could we not make those comments when PJ is here?” Steve asked wearily, putting his head in his hands, “This is already embarrassing enough.”
Steve managed a nod, but his tongue felt too heavy to speak. The toll of the week was starting to catch up to him and he knew he had to take care of himself in order to help take care of Tony. So, he tucked his head into Tony’s side and fell asleep. His respite didn’t last long, though; it felt like he’d just closed his eyes when Bucky was shaking him awake, laughing when he groaned and sat up to wipe the drool from his face.
“I--no, you did nothing wrong. You are fine,” he answered, patting the hand on his cheek, “I promise.”
“Sir, Doctor Banner, Miss Romanov requests both of your presences in the main common lounge,” JARVIS interrupted.
Tony grinned when Steve laughed and smacked his knee, leaning up to kiss him again. He put a hand on Steve’s chest, only to pull back when he hissed.
“Is he alright?” Steve asked with a frown, gently poking a finger into one of Peter’s fists so the baby could grab onto him, “Did he eat?”
“Easy there, tiger. Just focus on getting oxygen to the brain. You need to
“James, you need to take Peter. Let me run ahead with him--he needs medical attention and we cannot afford to keep going like this,” Bruce said, stopping his horse.
“Guess,” Sam said flatly, rolling his eyes up, “For a genius, you really are an idiot.”
“Look. If PJ has the serum, I’ll tell Steve. The eye could be from the synthesized egg,” Tony decided, letting the fight drain from his shoulders, “Okay? I—fu—
to my injuries, but making them worse isn’t going to help anyone, buttercup.”
, and now he was lying in a hospital bed, injured and barely alive and it was
, and I wish I could have done this on my own time and not under your guided hand. Peter is
supposed to be in bed, you know.”
“Really?” Steve snorted from his seat at the counter, idly playing with the ends of PJ’s hair, “I mean, I’m not surprised that it’s from Switzerland, I’m surprised you know how to sift something.”
With a swoop of his stupidly fluttery cape, Fury marched back up into the Avengejet without another word. Tony turned to Natasha with a glare, to which she shrugged and merely followed Fury.
“Ah,” Clint nodded, elbowing Tony when Richards blew his whistle, “Let’s get in there, yeah?”
“I did, but don’t count on it. You need to eat basic staples until your stomach can adjust. You know this.”
Steve ducked his head, and even if they were not bonded, Tony could feel the shame roll off of him in waves. Careful to not splash water onto the floor, Tony scooted forward to embrace him, tucking the Prime’s face into his neck. He comforted him and rubbed his back until the water began to chill to an unpleasant temperature. They shared a few soft kisses as they cleaned up, dried off, and dressed, leaving them to hold each other until Tony’s stomach interrupted the moment.
As a tightness settled deep in his chest, Tony knelt, holding his hand out toward PJ. Immediately, the boy dashed over, hiccupping as he shakily set his tiny hand in the middle of Tony’s palm.
Steve growled, effectively silencing Tony into nothing but whimpers and moans. Slowly, he let go of Tony’s cock and let his fingers drift lower, shuddering as he felt the slick leaking from Tony’s hole. Ever so careful, he rubbed his fingers on the outside of the muscle, moving his other arm to let go of Tony’s wrists and bodily hold him down across his arms and chest to prevent him from bucking off. It took a minute to get Tony to relax, but as soon as he did Steve slipped a finger inside, ignoring the cramp in his hand as he began to stretch him.
He laid back down and held his arms out, glaring at Steve until he relented and joined him. He laid down on his belly, half on top of Tony and half on the bed. It was a dominant position, to hold Steve and have his face pressed into his neck, but Tony could not find it in himself to care. All he wanted was for the lingering burnt scent in the air to dissipate and for their bond to not feel so heavy.
“Honey, sweetheart, easy,” Tony soothed, “He can probably feel how nervous you are. Babies are sensitive to that. Plus, you are not holding him right. Shift him up so his head is--yes, like that. Come and sit down, okay?”
“Bad news is that the documentation is over eight thousand pages long,” Clint said, his hands clenching, “Some of the subjects only take up half of a page.”
put himself in danger for both Peter and me,” he continued, “He snuck his way onto the search party to see if he could get information about my well-being, and instead ended up getting captured. Please, he is--”
Before he could protest, Tony was pulled in by the women to sit in the circle, sat between who he assumed were the eldest of the matriarchs. The conversation going on flowed right over his head, but based on the women’s smiles, he was more than welcome among them. The woman on his right eventually turned to him and took one of his hands into her gnarled ones, squeezing lightly. Tony tried to understand what she was saying, but eventually, he shook his head, completely lost. Steve’s voice chimed in from behind them and Tony yelped, jumping almost a foot in the air.
“Really, Tones. Everything is okay,” he said gently, “Take him and Peter and play Mama Bear for a while. Thor and the others are plenty of company while you keep house for once.”
“I’ve seen him leave your room,” Clint piped up, “And not at night. In the
“Scanning—you have four vehicles converging on your location, Sir. Two have larger heat signatures.”
have to slobber all over me to claim me--”
Steve grinned at Tony’s breathy laugh, nudging his cheek so he would turn for a kiss. He eagerly claimed Tony’s mouth, tangling their tongues together as he spread his fingers. Tony gasped and cried out, barely able to keep up his kisses as he panted moans and shoved himself down onto Steve’s fingers.
“Yeah. Yeah, I’ll hook you up,” he agreed, offering one of his first real smiles in months, “Don’t take her to any bummy places, though. She loves being formal and uptight. Just your type.”
, so watch your language.”
“Anyway, before we got off track--she has plenty of space. That will not be the issue. What we have to figure out is how we are going to deal with Tony being in heat,” Rhodey sighed, knocking his head back against a tree, “Since they are bonded, you and I cannot help, and Bruce is not an Omega. That leaves Pepper, and she needs to stay clear-headed in case somebody comes around asking questions.”
“Not yet, darling. You need to apologize first.”
Steve trailed off and pulled his hand back. It was obvious that the Warlord was disappointed, if not through his posture then through the bond. Tony had half a mind to growl at him, but he knew it would do no good. When the man got an idea in his head, he stubbornly stuck to it until he forced it into reality.
Steve interrupted with a few words of his own, to which Thor rolled his eyes and answered him, pointing so the man would sit next to him.
“So you
“Oh, this is very superficial. It will heal and crust by night,” he said, “Nothing hurts, yes?”
“Careful,” Tony tried.
“I’m getting—I’m getting an odd reading,” He answered distantly, eyes glancing across the feed on the inside of his mask, “There’s a heat signature, but it’s not an agent. It’s too small. Maybe an animal.”
“Guilty,” Tony said as Steve muttered a quick, “Fine.”
when he learned of your state.”
“Good, that’s it,” Tony encouraged softly, a small smile on his lips, “You’re safe here. We—ah, when we found you, you didn’t have a name. Or, at least, we couldn’t find a record of one. Do you have a name? Something those bad people called you?”
“J, turn the heat up a little, will you? I don’t want him getting any sort of cold.”
Thor waved him off and spoke to Steve, who rolled his eyes. He stalked over to his desk and opened one of the drawers to pull out a small drawstring bag. He closed the drawer and went over to Tony, picking up one of his hands to deposit the heavy bag in his palm. It jingled when Tony shifted it to test its weight, making him pout.
“You okay?” He whispered, leaning over so Principal Fury couldn’t hear from where he was reading the announcements at the front of the room.
“Bruce sent me down with stuff,” Steve replied, barely motioning to a bag that rested by the far wall, “He told me to, quote, work out whatever the hell is going on, end-quote.”
“Oh. It’s a tissue,” Tony explained, plucking one out of the box, “It’s like a mini disposable cloth that you use to clean stuff. Mainly faces. Like this.”
“Was it—”
It was silent for a moment. Tony sighed and shook his head, sitting up a little straighter.
“Or lobster.”
“That was
He picked up Steve’s hand and squeezed it tightly; if he hadn’t had the serum, Steve probably wouldn’t have noticed that Tony was starting to shake.
Bruce choked on his water and Tony laughed heartily, smacking his knee in delight. The doctor drew in a ragged breath and shook his head at Tony’s giggles.
The Prime tilted his head and pressed an object into Tony’s hand, then pointed at Peter. Tony ran his thumb over the square, nodding when bubbles formed.
Feeling pain rise up from where Steve was touching his neck, Tony knew Steve could see his bruising and that the makeup had come off. With a shaky laugh, Tony tried to look up, only to feel nauseous again, rolling in Steve’s arms to dry heave, spitting onto the ground to attempt to get the foul taste out of his mouth.
“Thanks. Ran out of Hulk ones,” Bruce answered, taking the vials over to his microscope, “Alright, let me do my work. Just, don’t touch anything. Go sit next to your son.”
Peeking between his fingers, Tony raised an eyebrow, regarding the Captain for a moment.
“C’mon. Let’s go throw these out and maybe try to get you to eat,” Tony murmured, standing up.
“Oh,” Steve said, voice cracking.
“Did—did I miss something? I thought we were having a moment,” Tony complained, pouting as he reached up to pet Steve’s hair, “Did I break you?”
As if she had read his mind, a tissue box was slid across the carpet and it knocked against Tony’s leg. With his other hand, Tony carefully offered the box to the boy. PJ jumped a little and Tony thought he had been frightened, before realizing the look on PJ’s face was confusion, not fear.
“Steven? Are you paying attention?”
He held up a hand and the crowd quieted.
Tony paused and nodded, taking his hands away before turning around in his chair.
Steve narrowed his eyes and kept it held out, so Tony snatched it from him and tossed it over his shoulder to land somewhere behind him on the floor. Offended, Steve glared at him and marched over to pick it up, holding it out to him again.
“We all could have,” Steve murmured, moving his hand up to massage the back of Tony’s neck, “I’m right there with you, believe me. But I also know that I can’t control the enemy and that I have to deal with whatever cards they play. We have him now, sweetheart, and we’re going to make sure he stays as safe as possible.”
“Young master Tony,” Jarvis greeted, smiling as the boy ran up to him, “Are these all of your friends?”
“I am glad you think up ways to get us out of bad situations. I just wish you saw how you threw others under the bus to get us
“When you punch, make contact using the length of your finger, not your knuckle,” Steve said, “You can easily break your knuckles if you are not careful.”
“Tony, honey, look at me,” Miss Hill coaxed gently, pulling him away from Steve, “They’ll only be in the corner for a few minutes. Play fighting or no, we don’t want them to get hurt by wrestling like that. Okay? As soon as they’re done, Steve can come right back and play with you. I’ll even make sure his cot is next to yours for naptime.”
“I am no weak little Omega, dripping and begging for your knot to fill me up. Your ass is mine to be taken and used,” he continued as he scraped his nails down Steve’s chest, careful to avoid his injury, “Just because you cannot bear children does not mean I do not want to fuck you within an inch of your life until you are pleading and screaming for me to let you come. I
“No. Pep—ah, Pep probably won’t want anything to do with this,” he said honestly, avoiding Steve’s prodding gaze, “I’ll keep him in a room on my floor, and once Bruce and I have determined the age of the boy and made some rough measurements, I’ll send for appropriate clothing and child necessities. Whatever they are. Perhaps you, Birdbrain and Widow would like to go shopping? I know you all like to spend my money as a hobby. Might as well put it to good use.”
Turning at Steve’s voice, he hummed questioningly, pretending as though there wasn’t an uncomfortable tension in the room.
“Thanks, J, tell her we’ll be right up.”
“Oh, you’re so getting it later,” he hissed up to Steve before the others would be able to hear them.
“What? What did Mom say?” Tony asked, confused.
“It is
“Oh fuck,” he repeated out loud, only to yelp when she pinched his arm.
Black.
“Please let me help? I know you can take the pain, but you do not
The Warlord looked over at him, then back to Natasha, and nodded. It was silent for a moment as she considered him. She let go of his arm and nodded back, stepping to the side to skirt around him and leave.
“We can try,” Bruce said before drinking his glass of water down in one go, undoubtedly to try and ease his blush.
“If you work these miracles, I will have our baker make you a cake the size of a wagon.”
what I’ve gotten myself into—”
“I would have brought a more…sensible vehicle, but there are so many of you that I had no other option,” Jarvis said, giving Tony an apologetic smile.
“Anth’ny is too long. You’s gonna be Tony,” Steve declared, smiling at him again.
“We need medevac,” he said to Bucky, slinging his rifle over his shoulder, “Radio it in, keep the others away. They—They don’t need to see this.”
It was quiet for a second, then Steve cleared his throat, shifting on his heels uncomfortably.
“If he hasn’t been eating properly, the potato may have been too starchy,” he explained, “I’d stick to bland foods for now. Rice and plain shredded chicken should do it. Once he can eat that with no problem, we’ll try other foods. In the meantime, just make sure he lays down for a bit. He’ll feel kind of gross for a few hours. Have him drink some water and try the rice and chicken for dinner tonight.”
“Studying,” Tony lied easily, having told it multiple times over already, “Tasha was helping me with some stuff. Hey, have you thought about asking Coach if you could be his assistant? You’ve always been good at where we should be on the field and who should be doing what. And it’d keep you with us for games and stuff.”
“I’m not breaking up with you, dipshit,” He snorted, rolling his eyes, “It’s not your fault, honey. Not even I could have predicted a pterodactyl attack, alright?”
“Alright, clean us up, then a small rest for us both,” he mumbled, attempting to undress the babe while preparing the bath.
Steve and Freakouts.
He ducked down under the blanket again and pulled the book back out, opening it back up to the diagram. He let his eyes linger for a moment, and once he decided that yes, it
Tony looked up at Natasha before sliding his eyes over to Steve. The Captain’s uncomfortable posture told him enough.
Snack passed, and so did Science and Social Studies, the latter making Tony nearly fall asleep against Steve’s arm. Miss Hill then called for recess and lunch, instructing the class to grab their lunchboxes; it was warm enough that they could eat outside today. The kids cheered and rushed to grab their lunchboxes, except for Tony. He waited for the masses to clear before grabbing his own, still uncomfortable with the prospect of unruly crowds. With his robot lunchbox clutched to his chest, he made his way outside, seeing his classmates spread out on the picnic tables and grass, all eating and talking animatedly. He swallowed nervously and headed over to a shady tree, slumping down against the bark of the strong oak before pulling out a ham sandwich.
Trusting the AI’s directions, Tony banked right, crashing through bushes as he drove. He grit his teeth, watching two blinking red dots move up onto the GPS. However, when looking in his mirrors, he couldn’t see any vehicles. He quickly tilted his side mirror up, groaning softly at skyriders above them.
Tony rolled his eyes and lightly pushed Steve, grinning at the other’s smirk. He quickly grabbed his own materials for first period from his locker before falling into step next to Steve, sneaking his hand into the other’s to lightly lace their fingers together. They were quiet on the trek to their classroom, sliding into their assigned seats in the back corner of the room.
“He told the Prime that he sure knows how to pick a mate,” Thor said, amused.
Still trying to scoot away, PJ settled with huddling up against the bedframe, bawling and screaming each time Tony tried to reach his hand out to comfort him. Minutes turned to two hours as Tony kept trying; having PJ tire himself out was out of the question, as it seemed that super serum stamina also applied to panic attacks.
, and he barely got his arm down in time to brace himself against the table when his knees gave out. Steve was on him in an instant, grabbing his hips to help keep him upright.
“Exactly. He’s a toddler. He really shouldn’t have been able to do that, let alone toss the guy into the back to knock him out.”
“Thank you,” Tony sighed, bringing Peter out from his shirt to cradle up against his chest in the hope that it would soothe the babe, “So. What is on for today?”
“You really outdid yourself this time, Stark,” he murmured to himself, attempting to crane his neck to see the stitching where his GPS chip used to be, “Real good job you did, asshole.”
Steve re-opened the book and carefully looked over the diagram, noting Tony’s scrawl on the bottom corner:
“I was not always this way. As a child I was thinner and shorter, seemingly stuck in adolescence until a few summers past. Sure, I was of a bloodline destined for kingship, but I was a wisp of a man. It was not until I worked for this body that I could even find someone to court, and by that point, they wanted me for the throne,” Steve continued, “I still think of myself as that scrawny child, so when it comes to you, I guess I lose myself and want to keep you hidden away, where no one could take you from me. Because, you see, they could do it easily, as many in the kingdom are richer or smarter or more handsome than I.”
“Don’t you dare use your puppy dog eyes on me, mister. Once you can eat better, we’ll all go out as a big family and eat the greasiest burgers we can find, okay? Give us a few days to protect you and hold you,” he said, picking up Tony’s hand to kiss his knuckles, “Okay?”
“Nearly jumpstarted me there, Cap. What’s up?” He asked, feeling a tug on his jeans.
“Sorry, sorry--”
“It’s alright, I just wanted to make sure you didn’t fall or anything,” Steve said gently, an amused twinkle in his eyes, “You okay to sleep a bit?”
Thankfully, Steve gave no further comment and allowed Tony to help him, but once again grabbed his hand when he ventured to clean his skin under the water.
Jarvis sat back to reach into his inner suit pocket, pulling out a small album. He placed it on Tony’s lap, putting a finger on top of it to keep it closed.
“It’s okay. Do you want one of us to be in there with you?” He asked, “We don’t have to close the door, either. No one will walk by, if it’s being in a small place that’s scary.”
Spring arrives, bringing with it new growth and its pesky weeds.
,” Tony said warningly, smacking one of his pecs to try and convey his displeasure, “Give it here.”
“Go on, then. Let me see you knot like the little Alpha bitch that you are.”
“A walk. Yes,” Tony managed, sweating a bit when Steve stood and made to leave.
fight you again if you keep your knothead shenanigans up. And, seeing how the last fight went, you should try and avoid more conflict. I--”
“You scared me,” he grumbled in a low voice, sitting up and rubbing his eyes, “The day has not even begun—what is the matter?”
He capped the full thermos and set it aside, moving around to Steve’s front to shush him. Steve moaned and fell forward to lean against him, panting heavily from exertion.
“Then we stay for now. We monitor, and we remain diligent,” Steve assessed, earning nods from the group, “Spread the plan to the team. I also want constant guards with Tony and PJ. If not one of us four, someone else on the team, but only from the team. We don’t know Zola’s breaching capabilities. Not that I doubt your abilities, Tony, but I don’t want to underestimate Zola.”
Tony snatched up one of the sweet rolls to eat and missed the strange look on Steve’s face as he scarfed down the treat. He licked his lips and turned back for more, but his hand paused in mid-air once he realized he was being stared at.
“Well, men can lactate, just not as easily as women,” Sam explained, eyes trailing Bruce as he stood and walked off to the jet, “Usually it takes weeks of preparation and other stuff for it to happen, since its all hormonal.”
“Well, no, but I know what it’s like to suddenly have my world change.”
“Kids, no hitting,” Natasha sighed, looking up at PJ, “Don’t do that. Hitting isn’t nice.”
“Over and out,” Tony agreed.
Tony jumped and turned, glaring at Thor in the doorway.
It was silent for a bit after that, leaving even Natasha a little stunned as she pushed the last her cake crumbs around her plate. Bruce cleared his throat and stood up, grabbing his empty plate.
“They wish to hear what you have to say,” Thor said to him, turning around and putting a hand on his shoulder, “Speak freely. I will translate as you talk.”
“He’s jealous of you, darling,” Tony said to Rhodey, keeping his voice down, “He’s… possessive. Especially when he cannot understand us.”
He stopped them in the middle of the staircase and turned to face Steve, looking up into his eyes. They were so, so blue, clouded with confusion, making him seem more like a small puppy than a Warlord.
“But who is it? If it’s not Natalia, nor you, then who?” Bucky continued.
The room went silent. Tony flushed and looked at the floor, unsure if it was humiliation or embarrassment that flooded his cheeks. Rhodey took the opportunity to drape his arm around him again and pulled him in close, squeezing his bicep as comfort.
“Could Red Skull lactate?” Bucky asked, wincing when Natasha went for his kneecaps.
, and in that moment of disoriented hurt, he foolishly reached into the bond to feel even a bit of his mate’s warmth.
“Sure,” Natasha drawled, putting the hat on the coffee table, “You all know how to play, right?”
“Other than alcoholism? Not that I know of,” Tony snorted, stepping into a private elevator, “I’m more concerned about something else.”
“Tony, if something happens, scream,” Bucky said bluntly, ignoring Steve’s frown, “I do not care if you feel obligated to help him. If he is doing something you do not want, yell and we will come running. As it is, I do not think you two should be left alone any more today, but I will not be the first to question Nat’s judgment.”
Pepper rolled her eyes and perched herself on a clear spot on his worktable, setting the packet of papers she was holding onto the only other open spot.
“I just said there is nothing wrong.”
Bucky’s eyes glazed over for a moment before he shook his head, making himself concentrate again.
“…I’d only eaten half of that. You already ate it?” He said, a bit awed.
She fiddled in her stall for a moment, then reappeared with a long scarf. She eyed him up and walked around him once before pointing at Peter and putting her hands in front of her chest, mimicking holding the baby in the middle of her chest. He entertained the charades and moved Peter, bristling slightly when she moved in to adjust his hold. Then he froze, as she began to wrap him and Peter in the scarf. She went up and around and under, twisting and adjusting as she went. Finally, she tied it under Peter’s bottom, stepping back to eye her handiwork. He felt gussied up, but then she stepped into his space and grabbed both his hands, squeezing them as she pulled them away from Peter. As if by magic, the baby stayed put on his chest, clearly unbothered by being wrapped up in the cloth. Stunned, Tony’s jaw dropped, and both the woman and Steve laughed.
—but because you have a
“It’s okay. Though I might not be in the best mind right now, we can continue where we left off,” Tony said, daring to stroke his thumb over the Captain’s knuckles, “It was something about you having a massive crush on me and then avoiding me like the plague, yes?”
to save him.
“Baby, I’m going to cry, even if the ceremony is some random old dude having us sign our names on a piece of paper,” Steve said, his voice clearly wet with emotion, “C’mon, I can’t stand not being married to you any longer.”
Tony knew he was probably gaping, but
Steve was silent at that, and after a moment, retracted his hand so he could offer his arm. Tony took it and leaned against him as they continued their walk down to the creek.
Once Bucky gave him a look and left, Steve sat down on his cot and ran a gloved hand through his hair, considering using his personal phone to call Tony. It was almost their anniversary, and since he was going out on a drive for the next week, he wanted to talk in case the phones went offline. However, Tony had told him he’d been busy recently, especially with now having Howard’s company on his shoulders.
Tony quickly tweaked a nipple and caught the Alpha’s yelp in a filthy kiss. He regrettably pulled away much too quickly, but the man needed to learn his place.
Smiling as the bickering continued between Clint and Bruce again, Steve sat up a little straighter, his momentary disgruntlement gone. Seeing as the movie had ended, he stood with a stretch and bid them all goodnight, missing Tony’s lingering stare as he turned to head up to his room.
He moved to clap a hand on Tony’s shoulder, but paused, only to gently lay his hand down and squeeze softly. Once he was up and gone, Tony fell back on his bed and splayed out his arms, closing his eyes against the persistent, itchy thrum of anxiety that crawled under his skin.
you, just as much as you own me. Understand?”
on the hard stone. The candlelight reflected off of the tear tracks on his cheeks and instinctively Tony reached out to wipe them off. He let his hand rest on Steve’s face, pretending that he did not see the oddly determined look in his eyes.
Steve merely tucked into the new gallon, finding himself nestled between Tony and Thor as they all lounged around to join in on the movie. Though he quickly was annoyed by Bruce’s arguing with Clint over the legitimacy of the existence of zombies, he wasn’t distracted enough to notice Tony’s spoon encroaching into his Moose Tracks.
, he thought to himself, finding himself only thinking of Steve kissing his cheek.
“Are you ever going to let that go—what the hell?” She grumbled, stopping just in time to not hit Tony’s stopped form, “Why did you stop?”
“Don’t take it, you might hit Tony—”
“Tony? Is that you?”
“They’ve always been disgustingly adorable,” Bucky commented, “Even when they were really little.”
“You have no idea.”
Once Sam had turned on his heel and left, Tony sat down on the mattress, the fight gone out of him for the moment. PJ put his hands on Tony’s knee, brown and blue concern staring up at him with wide eyes. With a sad smile, Tony murmured soft reassurances to him, carefully brushing his floppy curls behind his ear without spooking him.
“It’s got that feminine touch,” Sam called, shrieking as Wanda tried to cuff his arm.
Peter did not offer up an answer. Tony raised his head to see that the tot had blessedly fallen asleep with the fur still clutched in his hand. He smiled and made himself comfortable, closing his own eyes to let his body’s exhaustion take him to sleep.
“Green tea mochi,” Thor said next, shrugging, “Friend Hulk made an appearance last time I attempted to eat them.”
Nat rolled her eyes and snatched the shirt back, putting it on the boy normally. Even though it still swamped him, Nat rolled up the bottom hem and tied it between his legs, creating a makeshift onesie.
Unbeta'd. Comments and kudos are really appreciated. Ask me questions over @avengersasssemble on tumblr.com.
He trailed off, propping up the sleepy baby for Steve to look at. Seemingly satisfied, Steve nodded, pressing a kiss to both of their foreheads.
Tony nodded, blushing as his Mother leaned in to kiss his cheek, using her thumb to wipe away any traces of her lipstick.
Bucky’s smile dropped at that, instantly turning into a hard stare.
“Can you explain the whole mixing-Avengers-DNA thing again?” Scott piped up from the couch, “They were, what, trying to make the ultimate Avenger?”
“Kisses for my lovely husband,” he murmured, grabbing Steve’s chin to force his head down to make eye contact, “I love you so much, okay? It’s just another step to take. We—we handled stuff before, together. We can do it again. I’m sure of it.”
“In the morning, Tony.”
A hand smoothed down his back and pulled on his sleep shirt until Tony forced himself to look at Steve. The Alpha smiled softly back at him and rested a hand on the curve of his hip, rubbing his thumb in what he assumed was a calming manner. Supposedly, Steve would push him off if he really
“Come on in, little rabbit. You know I do not mind if you get a little… wet.”
“You also don’t have to worry about poisonings if his meals are coming from your body,” Bruce continued, raising an eyebrow at Tony’s stare, “The Prime asked us why you would drink your son’s meal before him. Thor and I explained that you were most likely making sure we had not put anything else in the wineskin, yes?”
We’ve got information from Zola,” Clint answered, leaning forward with his elbows on his knees, “Some good news, some bad news.”
“I know that,” he answered sharply.
a long way from middle school—oof!” Clint grunted when Bucky elbowed him, only to be high-fived by Scott for the pun.
“Alright, honey. Watch out for the spray,” he told PJ before turning the shower on.
Shocked at being caught, PJ stumbled backward, his heel catching on Steve’s leg. Gravity took hold as the boy fell, causing him to plop down into the middle of Steve’s lap. Watching it happen in slow motion, Tony held his breath, sending off a few prayers to Odin that this didn’t set them back to square one for trust. PJ looked at him, then looked up at Steve, who merely offered a reassuring smile. Seemingly comforted, the boy settled back against Steve’s chest and kept his hand in Steve’s palm, opting to offer Bucky a smug look that only a two-year-old could muster. Tony watched the exchange with an open mouth, completely floored.
“Cloaking tech?”
“It is not from Steve,” he said, putting his hands over his nipples to protect them, “I…”
Steve tried to answer but was too busy hurriedly wiping the budding tears from his eyes. He swallowed the happy sob in his throat, hearing Tony call his name again.
Tony narrowed his eyes at that, but he huffed and relented, adjusting himself to be a little more comfortable before turning his head to see Bruce at a better angle.
Washcloth in hand, Steve held it up to the showerhead and got it wet, lathering it up with soap before carefully approaching Tony. Tony’s fearful eyes flickered between him and the cloth, but Steve knew better than to start with his face; he knelt down on the tile and picked up a foot, starting to scrub him down from the bottom up. It was a slow, tedious process, but he knew better than most what trauma could do to a man, and besides, it was
“Bye-bye?” PJ asked, settling his head against Tony’s chest as the group made their way to the elevator.
“Hey,” Rhodey said quietly, now untied and freed thanks to Natasha, “None of that now, Mama. You know Peter will get upset if you start to scent badly.”
“Buck,” Steve tried to snap, sounding more miserable as his face flushed, “I’m not—I don’t—”
Of course, they’d had their own shit to work out, but once their prescribed therapist let them start having sessions together, Steve had made sure to hold Tony’s hand tight, even if both of them were shaking. Tony had to talk the most, which was incredibly strange for both of them. He was used to being the quiet one, letting Steve’s warm baritone fill up the space, but this time it was his own soft voice that had to come out. He’d been asked all sorts of questions about Steve, their relationship, if Steve had ever pressured him, did he ever feel unsafe—
Tony sniffled and looked up, blinking at Clint standing behind Steve. The archer raised an eyebrow and offered a hand, which Tony took to lever himself up with. Steve immediately stood up with him and kept his hands on Tony’s hips, as if to help keep him steady.
“—He growled at me to get me to pay attention even though I cannot understand him. I growled back. Then…then it becomes fuzzy,” he continued, finding that it was difficult to force his eyes back open, “I think I had another episode.”
“You’re alright,
“Okay, kiddo. I know you hate water, but we need to clean ourselves up and get this over with,” Tony murmured, holding his hand out to the clearly frightened child, “You trust me, yeah?”
“Anthony?”
“Sit in front of the doorway, but keep the actual door open,” Tony instructed.
“No,” Rhodey and Tony said simultaneously, to which the former stared more at the latter, his quirked eyebrow the only indication that he planned on bringing this conversation back up later.
“Uh, Colonel Rhodes told me to crush up some ibuprofen and put it in your food so you’d take it,” he explained, his cheeks flushing as he looked down at his feet, “I wasn’t too keen on the idea, but he said you can be stubborn when it comes to medication, and I didn’t want you to be hurting if we could alleviate it.”
Making a point of popping a blueberry into his mouth, Tony watched as Steve left again, only to laugh when he heard a familiar shriek from the room over. He quickly dug into his breakfast, shoveling eggs onto his toast once he realized how hungry he actually was. He was halfway through his ham steak when Steve walked by the door with PJ over his shoulder, giggling and clearly dripping with something.
“He has endured hundreds of microfractures,” a different doctor began, pointing out small smudges on the scan, “We believe that these were able to heal somewhat properly due to the serum in his system. The larger breaks, though—”
“Okay, okay. Hold on.”
“Lullaby?”
Steve nodded and sniffled when he pulled back, ducking his head into his shirt for a second to wipe off the tears and snot on his face. Shakily, he sat down on the edge of the bed, clutching at Tony’s hand.
“O-oh. Uh. Alright? I feel bad for not having any money—”
“HYDRA doesn’t set booby traps. They set death traps,” Steve replied seriously, lifting his shield a little higher, “Alright, team, into the complex.”
Steve set the bowl in his lap and reached up, fingers movingly deftly as he braided his hair back into the three braids he had had when Tony had first seen him. However, instead of using a string to tie off the ends, he dipped his fingers in the mixture and smoothed it into the ends, effectively pasting them together and preventing the braids from unraveling.
Timid as could be, the boy shuffled under the spray, shaking despite the warmth of the water. Tony quickly cleaned the boy up, whispering to him the whole time to try and soothe his nerves.
“Making it worse, Steven!” Tony hissed, his voice a little high-pitched.
He had to have noise: sometimes it was blaring music, sometimes it was his own voice, and sometimes it was listening to the people around him.
He looked up at Steve, who merely folded his arms and nodded without making eye contact. It was difficult to see the Warlord be so sullen, but he was reminded of Thor’s advice:
“It is what the Southern people call influenza. He most likely contracted it being out in the rains these past few days. Now that he has rested, his body senses safety and is letting itself fight the sickness at full strength,” Bruce explained, peering down at Peter, “Tony, I would like to look at your baby, if that is okay? If he is sick as well, I need to know. Can I take a look?”
“Thanks, buttercup,” Tony mumbled gently, “But…it’s not safe. I tried it with—I tried it before, and it ended in a mess of trouble. It’s easier this way.”
“Thank…you.”
“It can’t be!”
“Tony, Peter,” he said, pointing to himself and then the baby. Then, he pointed at the man.
“Ready?” he asked softly, looking up at Steve.
Tony sighed. It was not uncommon for Alphas to become lovesick off of Omega pheromones. They became pliant and dopey, like children besotted with one another. Truly, he loved that Steve could be so soft, but this was a moment where he needed his new bondmate to have his head on straight.
Coughing a bit, PJ looked up, his eyes bloodshot and cheeks blotchy from his fit. Shushing him softly, Tony bounced him on his hip as he carried him over to the forgotten box of tissues. With a heavy grunt, he bent at his knees to pick up the box, ignoring Steve’s chuckle at how loudly his knees cracked.
There was silence as the realization settled across the room; glances were exchanged, and before Steve could speak, Tony stepped up onto the coffee table.
If he is sorry, then I am the queen’s handmaiden.”
He marched right over to PJ, picked him up off the ground, and hugged him tight to his chest.
“You’re doing so well,
“What am I going to do, Pete?” He muttered.
“It can’t be, or you don’t want it to be because once Steve sees him he’ll know?” He asked quietly.
He hummed negatively and pressed a kiss to Peter’s temple, moving the babe to his shoulder so he could rock them back and forth and pat his back.
, he thought dully, feeling his body relax and react to Steve’s careful fingers.
“Yes, I can see it is a boy, that doesn’t mean it is a human boy,” Tony snorted, oblivious to her tone, “What is it?”
“I literally just said that.”
Bruce, Pepper and Wanda hummed in agreement, to which they all then turned their gaze back to Tony.
She looked over at Tony, her usually stoic face betraying a hint of gentleness and—pain?
“It’s the
big country on the other side of the world. And that she doesn’t get cold easily.”
and don’t have the balls to tell them—”
Tony ignored the pitiful eyes turned his way and stripped down, then reached over to help Steve undress. He helped him carefully step into the tub and turned the water on, not caring that it ran cold at first as it only pushed him to work faster and not fall asleep. He acquired a bar of soap from the cabinet and then clambered into the tub across from Steve.
“I know, love. I will get you into your bed soon so you can sleep properly,” he promised quietly, smiling when the babe grabbed at his shirt, “Do not worry, darling, I will be right there to watch over you. No need to fuss, hm? I will tuck you in with some furs to keep you nice and warm during the night.”
“I’m not good at this,” Steve said, his eyes trailing PJ as the boy ran around the room giggling, “At all.”
“Steve, can you take him out for a bit? I don’t—”
“Ah, maybe,” Steve said, shrugging and smiling sheepishly, “Just…when we get back. Can—can we look into some stuff?”
Tony waved the screwdriver at Steve as if to make a point, rolling his eyes as he turned back to the showerhead.
“Okay, time to move,” he whispered, praying to the gods that the baby would stay quiet.
“In,” Tony said, thankful that the low light meant his flush could not be seen easily.
Sighing, she gracefully stood, jogging a little to catch up to them. As soon as she fell into step, PJ happily trotted along, his thumb back in his mouth as he looked around, attempting to take everything in.
“So, what’s happening?” he asked, “Regarding the mission.”
Steve shrugged, then nodded.
“Gnarly,” Clint said, immediately grabbing a slice and a force, “Thanks, Mister—”
“Hey, hey, hey. Easy. I am here,” Tony said quickly, putting his hand back on Steve’s stomach, “You have to calm down. Your people need their Prime, Steve.”
“Hold up,” Tony interrupted himself, turning to Steve with an incredulous look, “Is
He laughed breathily, reaching up to loosely loop his arms over Tony’s neck to tug him down for a few soft kisses, teasing at his bottom lip until he felt he’d recovered enough to move them. Ignoring that his jeans were just barely hanging onto his hips, he scooted up and gathered Tony into his arms, bending at the knees with a sharp
“Stark’s cavalry arrived under the cover of fog,” Thor explained as he handed each of them a pack, “These packs should give you enough necessities to survive for a while.”
“Easy there, Alpha. You need to be prepared for me, and it will take longer without slick,” Tony soothed, “Relax yourself and let me get you ready.”
“Was it?”
“I did not exactly have a
“I’m…impressed at your observational skills,” Tony said slowly, “But if you tell Steve—”
“Fuck,” Tony grunted under his breath, crossing his arms over his chest, “…Wait. How—”
Steve, do not worry, I am okay,” he tried, smiling up at him, “I have had worse. I promise it does not hurt, yeah?”
A hand lightly smacked his face and Tony scrunched up his nose, peeking open one eye to see Peter kneeling on the bed with one arm outstretched.
“So, you are saying that HYDRA still has our DNA?” Wanda had asked, absentmindedly swirling her hand to telekinetically stir her coffee with a spoon.
“I never said I was good with emotions, but for your information, it feels… heavy. Thick. I am swallowed up by my anger and I do not know which way the surface is to allow me to break for air. Like I cannot be anything else
“Ow--ew, Steven, this is
“It’s not just broken. I think the muscle is torn as well,” she sighed, ignoring his complaint, “There’s not much to do but ice it. I’ll have the guards regularly bring you ice packs.”
He tried to stand up but almost tripped over something on the floor, cursing and curling himself over Peter as said thing moved. Steve groaned and stood up from where he had been sleeping, rubbing his head where Tony’s foot had connected with him.
spend your money. I also juggle,” Clint argued, trying not to grin at Bruce’s soft laughter.
Thor and Bucky shared a glance over their bickering, from which Bucky nodded and elbowed Bruce. The doctor looked up and glanced at them both; upon catching their signal, the three men slowly eased out of the room until Bucky was just a shadow in the doorway. If Steve saw them move, he did not say anything, for Tony did not notice they had been left alone until he realized Thor’s constant translations were missing.
Tony gathered up his lunchbox and hightailed it from the bathroom, missing the look of concern and shame on Natasha’s face. Instead, he dropped off his lunchbox at his locker and grabbed his soccer things, racing to the boys’ locker room to change into his gear and head out to the field. Some of the others were already out and kicking the ball around; from where he stood, Tony could see Steve’s slumped figure sitting on the sidelines. It broke his heart that Steve was being made to sit out, but he knew Steve needed to be coddled and babied a bit more than he usually allowed, so he didn’t feel
He pushed back Pete’s curls and leaned down to kiss his forehead. For all that was happening, at least Peter was safe.
“Are you sure?” Tony asked, pretending that he was not secretly relieved.
“This is a really bad idea, but I know I can’t convince you otherwise,” Steve sighed, letting PJ down to get into the car before sliding in himself, “If we do this, you owe me one.”
“Mr. Stark?”
“Have you talked to Sam about it?” Rhodey asked, “He might just not realize that you want to be wined and dined. There’s no shame in that, y’know. We also deserve to be treated like royalty. Not just Tony.”
Steve rolled his eyes and sat, curling his own arm around Tony. He felt different from Rhodey; he felt comfortable with them both, but with Steve, there was a small buzzing underneath his skin. It was not uncomfortable, nor unpleasant, but it was definitely there. He wanted to lean into it, to see what it felt like if he held it, but every time he tried to grab for it it was just out of reach.
Staying pressed up against Steve’s ridiculously muscular arm attached to his ridiculously muscular body in a very tiny hospital bed should have been a foreseeable problem for someone of his age, but Tony accepted the ache from being pressed up against the plastic rails of the bed and the hard muscle. Steve’s warmth more than made up for it, and now with PJ spread out over their laps to sleep, he felt no reason to try and shift. Instead, he carded his fingers through PJ’s hair, unable to help a smile when the child grunted and rolled over to press his face into Tony’s stomach.
Returning to looking over the child, Tony sighed softly. The boy’s lips, the only pinkish feature on his face, were parted slightly as he puffed small breaths. Even then, the child was tinted blue, a sure sign of the frigid cold that the babe had to endure when suspended in the liquid in the tube.
“I love you too,” Tony whispered, tucking his face into Steve’s neck, “So much.”
“Mary?” He dared to whisper, flicking his eyes back and forth between his friends’ faces.
“I, uh, thanks?” he squeaked, “Honey, I don’t know how I feel about you crying over the porno I wrote, so—”
“Uncle Clint, reporting for duty,” Clint said with a mock salute, winking.
to be Howard. I don’t think I could live with myself if I turned out to be like him—”
Together, they poured over the papers they could find, both silent as they absorbed the horrifying experiments that had been conducted in the room they stood in: a directive by HYDRA to create a new wave of super soldiers was being carried out, using modern genetic technology.
Before Tony could protest more, Steve shifted down in the tub and brought his knees up, then grabbed Tony’s legs and placed them outside of his knees to keep him spread open. He heard Tony gasp, but he ignored it, using the new position so he could gently clean between Tony’s legs.
“You’re fixing it.”
“He barely managed a five-minute nap because he had a nightmare! He’s not going to sleep!” Tony hissed, throwing his hands up, “I’m going to be up all night holding him because he can’t sleep and—”
“Of course. She always loves a challenge. Perhaps I will bring her to the states sometime so you two can meet. That is, if the Captain allows me. He may want to prevent you two from staying in your workshop any longer than you already seem to be.”
fault…
“At least you got lines!”
Steve growled at that, but Tony clamped a hand over his mouth to stifle the noise.
“You little bitch—”
“Shh, Tony,” Steve sighed, lazily turning his head to smile at him, “It’s alright. Enjoy the moment.”
“Fine. Put Pete in his crib first, though. I do not want to risk dropping him on accident,” he grunted.
“Oh god, its so good to hear your voice,” He finally panted, “How are you? Are you hurt? Nat said you got banged up bad, but not the worst—”
“Stay,” he said before turning and hurrying from the room.
“I am not going to break, you can go faster,” Tony urged, “Come on--”
, Tony’s brain scoffed.
“Oh, god, I’m so sorry, baby boy, I didn’t mean it,” Tony begged, sliding down to his knees, “PJ, I’m sorry, honey—”
Steve made a soft noise and shook his head, clearly distressed and confused. Slowly, Tony unraveled his crossed arms, placing himself and PJ into Steve’s personal space and sliding an arm around his waist. Automatically, his arms came up to encircle them, resting easily on the small of Tony’s back.
“I--”
He took one of Tony’s legs and put it over his shoulder, turning to bite at his thigh as Tony writhed under him, suddenly crying out at the change in position. Tony’s hand immediately flew to his cock and started jacking himself off, hips jackhammering down to meet Steve’s thrusts.
“Well,
“Cap came to check on you and half-pint, then suddenly he’s stolen
be right there to help you and love you, Tones. Nothing could ever break that. When we got married, I made a promise in that little clerk’s office to love you, in sickness and in health, through the good and the bad…”
. That’s Mom’s job,” Bucky argued back, arms steadfastly crossed over his chest, “Besides, why doesn’t Tasha do the dishes?”
, Tony’s brain supplied.
to be good for them. Okay? Don’t—don’t give them a reason to hurt you. I know you’re scared, I know, I am too. But we just have to hold out a little longer. Until then, we have to play it safe. Alright? You’re so, so strong, I
did he feel like an ass.
“You did so good, you did so good honey, you’re so brave,” He whispered, shushing the boy as he went about getting the child dried and into his training pants and pajamas, “Let’s get you tucked into a warm bed with your nice elephant, yeah? Sleep will do you well.”
“Where’s Mom?” he repeated nervously, pretending he didn’t feel Steve’s arms tightening a fraction around him, “Where is she? Is she here yet?”
“It is done, darling, you will be alright,” Tony soothed, patting the hand that had loosened around his hip, “Is that the only one? None on your back?”
He switched to the native tongue and snapped at the Prime, then sighed, placing a hand on Tony’s shoulder.
A knock on the door made him jump in surprise: “Tony?”
At the boy’s nod, Tony scooted over and tugged the covers down, glad to see that he was at least dressed. PJ quickly snuggled up to Tony’s side, and once he was settled, Steve stepped up to tuck the covers around them both.
“Don’t talk t’your Mom like that!” Steve yelled, grinning as he tackled Bucky to the ground.
A little skeptical, Bruce glanced between Fury and Tony, not wanting to stir up any unnecessary drama.
was part of the deal. Curious, he attempted to concentrate, pretending he was sending happy thoughts into Steve’s head. Steve only raised an eyebrow and moved his legs again, letting go of Tony’s hand so he could properly position him.
Unbeta'd. Comments and encouragements are appreciated. I follow the tag #avengersasssemble on tumblr.com.
“Yes, Steve?”
“PJ? Honey?” He managed, voice raw from either screaming or the dry air, “Are you in here?”
“Alright, everyone, go get a drink. We’re done for now,” Coach Richards called after blowing his whistle, “Stark, can I see you for a minute?”
Everyone turned to look at Steve again, causing him to roll his eyes heavenward.
“She merely told us your father was having rough nights in the lab and had too much from the bottle. I would remind her of the times he had previously hit her when under such an influence, and even you the once when you were very small, but she assured us that the situation was handled and if we were to remain employed, to not ask questions,” he said, squeezing Tony’s hand, “Ana and I decided it would be best for us to stay and help under the radar, if we could. However, with your Mother knowing our suspicions, we could not help where we wanted to. We wanted nothing more than to keep you safe, and perhaps in our haste, we made the wrong decision.”
He paused, barely allowing Tony the time to process what he was saying before starting again.
,” Steve growled, standing up to his full height to tower over the paramedic.
interesting, but this was Rhodey. If anything, he wanted them to get
are gross,” She huffed, folding her arms over her chest, “You guys always smell bad.”
“I’ll let Pepper know to keep the usual on speed dial.”
left. Then, PJ must have known he was upset because he tried to leave, too. Thankfully, Barnes showed up and grabbed him to take him up to Steve,” he finished, slumping back in his chair.
“Is this alright with you, Steve?” Natasha asked, turning to look at the unusually quiet Captain.
“My littlest love, my sweet boy,” he whispered, low enough so only Peter could hear, “I love you, darling, never forget that.”
Holy shit, I can’t believe you guys waited so long to admit it—oh, he’s going to get a kick out of this when he wakes up—”
this? I’m a polyglot and even
—I just don’t want you to go. What—what if you don’t come back? It feels like I just got you and then you’re going to be gone and you might be gone
“Da!” Peter cried, reaching an arm back toward his father.
“Bruce, what kind of stuff should the kid have? He was literally kept in a huge tube, so I don’t know if he needs, like, a bassinet—”
spell, and Tony couldn’t help but stare.
Tony motioned at the child, as if to say
Steve tried to console him, but the sobs were already in his mouth, his shoulders shaking as he cried onto Steve’s tux. He clutched at Steve, sitting up when it became too much and he could barely breathe. The anxiety was clawing its way up his throat, reminding him of the first few days in therapy, when all he could do was count his breaths. The dark spots told him he wasn’t getting enough air, and he tried to covey this to Steve, but soon gentle lips were against his own, soft and pliant under him. On instinct he kissed back, drawing in ragged breaths when Steve took seconds here and there to pull away.
Peter.”
tell me—”
Steve was still stunned by the whirlwind conversation and
He watched Tony, and after a moment his husband’s shoulders slumped, and he rubbed a hand over his face with a sigh.
?! Put yourself in his place! You were his
“Uh, Steve decided to open the door by himself, apparently.” Clint.
“Yeah. Richards is having Sam play him and putting me on goal.”
“I know. I know, sweetheart. I am sure you are all sorts of upset because I have not been good to you lately,” he said quietly, “I am going to try to be better, I promise. I love you, little one. So very much.”
“I do not know if you need to be fed, but after being downstairs, I know that
“No,” Tony answered.
“For the serious things, yes. He feels a lot of weight from leading the colony and believes he needs to shoulder it all himself,” Bruce said with a sigh, “Occasionally, Lieutenant Barnes can pry some sort of feelings out of him, but he mostly likes to stew. It can be heartbreaking sometimes, to watch him hold it all in when he knows we would all be there for him if he were to only ask.”
“But?” He said.
, especially since he is so young. Besides… I do not think he likes me very much.”
Tony thought to himself as he began to work.
“Need help?” Tony asked, grinning at Steve’s glare once he realized the brunet was sitting at the table.
us, seeing as you’re in a grey area of maybe-probably two years old. I know you’re really smart, though. Apparently, you can count
Tony nodded, moving over to take Steve’s hand, pulling him up from the bed so he could pull the sheets down, only to push him back onto the bed. Steve didn’t protest, so he took that as a win, carefully settling himself down onto his side of the bed. Moving his ribs made him hiss slightly, as the numbing medication was starting to wear off, but Steve immediately curled up to his side, and the weight of his arm over his stomach distracted from the pain in his side.
He thought for just a moment that Steve might let him go, but then he was bent over the table and flailing to keep Peter safe, ending up awkwardly holding the baby with his elbows on the table.  Cold air hit his bare ass as his pants were yanked to his knees; Tony knew he was turning red with embarrassment and he tried to convey this, but Steve gently pulled his cheeks apart and his speaking ability turned into frantic spluttering and pained whimpers.
“Hey, I’m okay, bud. Just got a little scared for a second,” Tony soothed, putting his palm up for the boy, “Don’t worry. I’m okay. I promise.”
“I want a bit of time with him,” he said softly, kissing Peter’s cheek for good measure before unwrapping the baby from his chest, “Take Peter up to Thor and Bruce and I will be up shortly.”
Tony frowned at that and turned around, only to suck in a breath at the sight of Steve’s nude form. He knew he was staring, but Steve made no mention of it; he only smiled and walked into the lake up to his waist.
“Anthony,” his Mother chided softly, laughter evident in her tone of voice, “No need to be afraid. They are going to love you, darling.”
Thor translated the question and Barnes laughed while shaking his head. He reached out to pat Tony’s cheek, only to laugh harder when Steve growled behind him. He patted Tony’s cheek again and purred a sentence at him, then ducked just out of reach when Steve swiped at him.
“He really is quite upset over the ordeal,” he explained quietly to Tony, “I have known the Prime for many years, and he has never been with another, even in his childhood. He is quite… old-fashioned, in terms of wanting to continue his line with an Omega, but also to be committed to servitude for them. If you would let him, he would wash your feet. Still, his experience with an Omega was, and is, limited. He did not realize that in his attempt to prevent you from becoming more ill that he was crossing a boundary. That does not excuse his actions, but it does provide some explanation for them. He was quite distraught and confused when he came to me and even
He thought to himself as he shook his head to try and clear the feeling,
Clint sighed loudly, scrunching up his nose as the others laughed.
“Hey! You can sit next to me,” Tony protested, flushing a little.
“Tony?” Steve asked quietly, his voice shuddering from the chill of the room and snapping Tony out of his thoughts.
“As you wish, Sir.”
Steve did not look very convinced. Determined to prove him wrong, Tony stood and transferred Peter to Steve’s arms, ignoring the man’s protests.
Tony hesitated for a moment, months of data from Steve’s actions completely blown to bits by the blonde’s admission. He made a confused noise, but dismissed it with a shake of his head. He moved to ask another question, but a rustle of sheets beside him had them both turn to PJ. The boy had shifted, and with a tiny groan, his eyes fluttered open, unfocused but bright.
“What? You didn’t think J would get him Cap pajamas, did you?” He teased, helping PJ up onto the bed.
“Hey, kiddo. You look a little better,” Tony murmured, offering up a smile, “Think you can eat?”
, you naughty boy.”
“And you, you are a
“Thanks f’tryna stand up for me, Tony,” Steve said, pulling back with a bashful smile, “Buck and I get in trouble lots, though. We really don’ mind—who are those for?”
She nodded, and once Tony had been moved into a private room, she began the diagnostics, only to have Tony wave for her to stop.
Tony squeezed his hand around Steve’s hip and tugged down, making eye contact with the Prime. His blue eyes were glazed over, but they were clearly trying to focus.
There's a lot to be said.
“Good?” Steve asked hoarsely, clearing his throat before asking again, “Good?”
“PJ.”
Tony reached up with two fingers to silence him. He took hold of the hand on his cheek and kept it between both of his own hands, squeezing lightly.
, you need to leave them
Tony rolled onto his side and whined, only to pout when he felt Steve’s fond amusement settle in his chest.
Tony offered a noncommittal hum in response, shoving his arm under his pillow to help prop up his head. He sighed softly, wondering for a moment if he could have ever had this; with Pepper, it was different. He was too scared, too afraid of his own future to even consider putting a
He was tired, but they wouldn’t let him sleep. They stuck a needle in his arm and gave him something that he wanted to pronounce, but his tongue felt heavy in his mouth. It felt like hours before a knock on the door caused him to sluggishly lift his head, only to smile as Sarah walked in with Steve running up to his bedside. Without prompting, he scrambled up onto the bed, ignoring Sarah’s chastising to delicately slot himself up against Tony’s side. Humming softly, Tony let his head plop over to rest on top of Steve’s, subconsciously snuggling into his warmth.
Barnes and Sam both looked to Steve, who gave them a half-smile before finally settling his eyes on Tony.
“Can I ask you something?” he said, and when Tony glared, he shook his head, “No, I’m serious, Tones.”
“Pep—”
“Fuck,” Tony panted, to which Steve made an agreeing noise, “If I’d have known you’d have been into this, I’d have given you that notebook
“Oh god, probably my food,” the archer snorted, tucking his feet under him, “Bucky hates when I eat stuff that probably isn’t even suitable for dogs. It’s still
If it weren’t for the thought that perhaps Howard would bring him back to life and beat him to death again, he would have killed himself.
“I think we should lay around inside today,” Tony said carefully, attempting to sound nonchalant instead of desperate, “I would like to nap with Peter for a bit. If Bruce’s face was anything to go by, Pete kept the poor man up all night with his fussiness. I think he missed me.”
Tony shook his head, giving Steve a pointed look.
Tony whined softly and turned his eyes to Steve, who merely pursed his lips and shook his head.
“We stay one step ahead. Zola needs a supercomputer to access the internet for whatever world domination, but he also wants PJ back to create his soldiers,” Steve answered, “So what if he could get both at once?”
“What? Not afraid to whale on your little Omega, are y--”
am I supposed to explain—”
do everything they could to keep you and Peter safe. He did not care what happened to himself as long as you and the tot were okay. You need that kind of unconditional love, Tones. I think he could be good for you.”
Bruce thought for a moment, then nodded, packing away the thermometer.
“You say the sweetest things.”
The door swung shut as Rhodey left, leaving Tony with a very tired child and a seemingly frazzled larger child. At least he could help the former by keeping him snuggled up to his side.
He smiled when Tony pouted up at him, gathering supplies from the cabinet before settling into the bath, making Tony sit up so he could slide down behind him.
“How the hell—” Steve looked down, realizing that Tony was nearly laying completely on top of him. “—oh. Really? Give me that.”
. Well, uh, right. I don’t—I don’t have lube or anything, honey—”
Finding a not-so-filthy blanket, Tony swiped it up before returning to the room he dubbed the “tube room,” handing the blanket over to Natasha.
my shirt,” Tony tried to scold, unable to help his smile at the baby’s innocent look, “I will have to explain myself, you know.”
“Sam!” He yelled, not realizing that Tony whimpered at the noise, “Come look!”
“Barton, get your ass over here, you’re my wife for today,” Bucky snorted, sitting down in one of the chair pairs.
He looked up, and Tony realized the other boy had things looped over his ears. They were definitely machine-looking, but Tony wasn’t sure what they were, and he knew better than to ask.
Looking between the two of them in confusion, PJ put a hand on his own face, already starting to sniffle. He burst into tears before Tony could explain, collapsing on the floor with his hands over his face.
“I--I tried holding him, changing him, laying with him… he only just fed, but he could be hungry,” Steve babbled, trying to push Peter into Tony’s arms.
“I think Rhodey retired for the night--are you alright? What did he say?” He asked softly, brushing a thumb over Tony’s cheek.
“What—what is that?” Tony asked, seeing Steve stumble up to his locker and shoulder off his backpack, “Steve, what did you do.”
“Now be kind to whoever this person is when we go down there,” he said seriously, hardening his tone, “Regardless of being one of Howard’s men, I refuse to be apart of something violent. Understand?”
“Yeah, and under threat of permanent detainment in the government’s strongest prison in the middle of the ocean if we tell anyone,” Steve said, “But they can fuck off. Tony deserves to know, he
“You’re pushing it.”
“Nay, brother Banner. I enjoy your silence. Sometimes wisdom is softer than we realize,” Thor laughed, clapping a hand on Bruce’s shoulder before offering a hesitant smile, “However…I think you should be stronger in your relationship with friend Hulk. Hesitancy is the folly of man.”
“That’s not what I meant,” Steve replied, his mouth flattening into something resembling a strained grimace.
Tony answered him with a kiss as he pulled his hands away, then went to kiss Peter’s forehead as well. Satisfied that they could survive without him for a while, he left the bedroom for the infirmary, immediately hearing loud voices once he turned the corner. Thor’s voice was unmistakable, then came Bucky’s low tones and combined laughter. Once Tony walked into the room, he smiled, because Rhodey was sitting up in a bed between the two men, chatting with them while Thor translated despite looking worse for wear.
Tony looked up and made eye contact with Bruce, searching the doctor’s eyes for any sort of untruth.
“As much as I hate to admit it, this is a little creepy,” Natasha said, glancing at the various empty rooms that held shredded hospital beds, “I thought this only happened in movies.”
Seeing Steve move out of the way in his peripheral, Tony swallowed the bile that threatened to spew from his mouth, grounding himself in the knowledge that even though Steve knew he was part of PJ, he
“I will be right back for you, my love. Do not worry,” Tony promised, kissing Peter’s cheek.
been awake all night. He thought that would have made him cranky and irritable, but instead, he was quiet and sleepy.
And in that moment, hearing how genuine and honest Steve was, combined with the small child fast asleep on his chest, clinging to his stuffed elephant for dear life, Tony could only find one phrase stuck in his genius brain.
Tony flushed and bit down on his lip to stifle his moans. He wanted it, his body wanted it, but the prospect of humiliation forced him to stand on shaky legs.
“O-okay, okay, if you are sure,” Steve said, pulling Tony back in to hold him and Peter close, “If you change your mind by tonight, it is okay. I do not want you to feel pressured.”
Fury’s one eye glanced around the room and settled on Tony; a small smirk tugged up the corner of his lip, causing Steve to tense up.
“Was he cold?”
Steve immediately snapped his eyes open and rolled out of bed, making Tony roll over and laugh. He screeched when Steve grabbed his ankles and pulled him out of bed, holding him up against his chest by his thighs. Tony ducked his face into Steve’s neck and wheezed, hugging his neck tightly as he was carried back to the dining room.
“Captain, we need to prepare Mr. Stark for arrival,” one of the paramedics said, reaching out a hand to help Steve up.
He was woken by a hand on his arm before the morning light had begun to shine in the room. Startled, Tony gasped, only to relax when Steve’s scent filled his nose.
“I’ve got you,” Steve murmured, carefully putting his leg over Tony’s to further entwine them, “They won’t take you from me again. I promise.”
“I figure they are on their way, so we have limited time as it is,” Zola said smoothly, “We will be transporting you out shortly. For the time being, we will allow you access to facilities to clean up, as well as provide you with new clothing. In two to three hours, you will be leaving the facility to be transported to another bunker for more…extensive testing. As long as you cooperate, we will keep you sheltered, fed, and clean in relative comfort. I’m a scientist, not a sadist. However, if you cross me, I will make sure you watch as I break every bone in that child’s body. Understand?”
“Are you mad?” Tony asked quietly, fidgeting as the water on his body began to cool.
“I am so, so sorry, Steve,” he whispered, nosing lightly at Steve’s neck, “I will try to do better by you, I swear.”
, “If you don’t want to come out for a bit, that’s okay, but I promise we weren’t saying anything bad about you—I mean, here—”
“Fourteen-year-olds don’t need to sleep with a stuffed animal either, but you don’t see me getting rid of Mr. Rabbit,” Tony said softly, squeezing Steve’s arms, “It’s okay, Steve. You know we’ve all got your back.”
“I’m—thank you,” Steve whispered, ducking his head in turn to rest his forehead on the top of Tony’s head, “For at least hearing me out. Even if you decide you don’t want—or don’t want to try—that’s okay. Thank you for being there for me. You’ve always been a good friend to me.”
“Peter,” he murmured, lightly brushing the child’s face with the pad of his index finger, “Strong. You’d have to be that to be my kid, huh?”
“Brooklyn in the forties will always be my original flesh and blood,” Steve continued, reaching up to brush away an unusually stray lock of hair from Tony’s forehead, “But the new body needs a new place to thrive, and it’s here, with you, and I wouldn’t have it any other way.”
“Oh no,” was all Tony managed before Bucky growled and leaped, causing the engineer to scream as he was tackled, and they rolled around the floor. Clint patted Steve’s shoulder consolingly, smirking as the Captain buried his pink face in his hands. Watching the scene unfold, Natasha sighed and turned on her heel, grabbing up her hat to dump the excess papers onto the floor before leaving the room with a small smile.
“Tony?”
“She knows,” he finally said, not quite meeting Tony’s eyes, “She tried to stand up for you, told Howard to leave you be, but he would not have it… last I knew, she was taken to the infirmary. He beat her pretty severely, Tony. Pepper said she would send word if she heard anything and I never received a letter. My guess is that she is still being taken care of.”
Peter reached up a curious hand to smack at his beard, gurgling away when Tony kissed and nipped at his little fingers. His audience cooed at him and he flushed up to his roots, not at all used to the attention.
“This is troublesome, for sure,” T’Challa commented, looking more focused than usual, “An army of even
“…Nothing, honey. Have you talked to Rhodey?” Pepper asked, tucking her hair behind her ear.
“That’s it. Such a good boy, PJ. A good, sweet boy. You’re doing so well,” Tony praised, feeling embarrassment prickle the hairs on the back of his neck, “I’m right here. Nothing’s going to hurt you, okay? They can’t hurt you anymore. You’re safe here. It’s okay, pumpkin pie. We got you. I promise.”
There he was with a much thicker and darker goatee, curled up to Cap in bed, his face gaunt and pained with tear streaks running down his cheeks. Cap had one arm wrapped around him, holding him tight, and in between them, was tucked Captain Ameribear.
PJ looked up at Tony, but he seemed to understand, sitting up so Tony could carefully lean forward to smooch his temple. The boy carefully cuddled himself up to Tony again, a small sniffle escaping him as he tucked his face into Tony’s shirt.
“Focus,” Natasha interrupted as she started to bounce PJ on her hip, “Right now the subject count is estimated to be around six-point-five thousand.”
” Tony hissed, keeping his voice low for Peter’s sake, “Are you
Steve nodded and ducked down to kiss him, ignoring the strangled noise coming from the other side of the table.
, Bruce. Steve already hates me. I don’t want him to also be stuck co-parenting with me.”
,” Tony hissed back, kicking Pepper’s desk just as hard.
Blinking sad brown and blue up at Tony, PJ nodded, shifted himself around until he was comfortable, his eyes drifting shut. Once his small snoring started up, Tony glanced down, feeling his heart break at the pure exhaustion written into the child’s features. Of course, the familiarity of the look stung, but he couldn’t help but stare at how intertwined his and Steve’s mechanisms were already showing through PJ: a little crease between his eyebrows as he slept had always been Rogers’ MO, his nose crinkling as he dreamt had always been a feature that Pepper had said Tony had as he slept. Even if he hadn’t known PJ was his own, he would have been able to tell just by watching the kid. And that scared the hell out of him.
, Tony thought, hearing Steve’s footfalls behind him as he walked down to his own bedroom.
Raising an eyebrow, Bruce gently extracted the hastily folded packet, opening it up to begin reading. Tony turned to watch him, trying to quell his heart rate as realization spread across the scientist’s features.
“Back left pouch, the third one,” Steve panted, moving his hands up to fondle Tony’s pecs, “It’s the bottle.”
“Glad you came up so fast. We wanted to call a team meeting to talk about this,” Natasha said quietly, a t-shirt bunched in her other hand, “Let’s go into the other room to get him dressed while Bruce brings them up to speed.”
“Not if you tell him to stay away,
“If you want to begin now, yes, of course,” Bruce replied with a grin, “How do you feel about colors?”
Looking up, a beaming grin broke out over Tony’s face at seeing Bruce walk in, a lab coat fitted snugly over his shoulders.
“I know, I know. It was just-- the phrasing…”
“I almost wish you were crying, my love,” he admitted, rubbing Peter’s back, “Maybe your Papa would calm down for you.”
“It's strawberry!” Bucky complained before Steve could answer, “I’m
. You—I dunno, you were supposed to get angry and punch me, or something,” he said, his own eyes clearly shiny in the light, “Honey, you’re going to make
And, for the second time, he was rudely woken up.
“He will be alright after he finishes eating,” Tony explained, smiling at his genuine concern, “He needs time and patience, is all. Perhaps I will show you how to feed him one day, yes?”
“Okay, we’re good. Clothes?” Tony called, turning once PJ was wrapped in the towel again.
Tony let out a victorious whoop when he came up with the sifter and the cocoa, grinning at PJ’s slightly startled look. He quickly sifted the cocoa into the hot milk, whisking it in until he was satisfied with the color.
PJ looked at each of the men as Tony pointed them out, immediately glaring at Bucky once he recognized the connection. Slowly, he moved over to Natasha, holding onto her leg instead once Bucky tried to approach. Realizing what the kid was doing, Tony laughed, putting a hand over his reactor.
going to Jersey?”
child and I will raise him the way
The next day, when opening the freezer to grab a pack of corn for Clint’s newest black eye, Steve paused, noticing the six tubs of Butter Pecan labeled ‘Iced Americano Only’ in the back. He smiled as he shut the door, reminding himself to write Tony a thank you note.
“Good job, kiddo. I’m so proud of you,” he whispered to the boy, bouncing him around the room a bit before tucking him back into bed, “You have been so good,
“See, he looks funny. You just look cute,” Steve said under his breath, turning to give Tony a shy smile.
“Do you have a name I can call you?” Tony asked once they were well into their travel, feeling more comfortable with the man next to him, “I am Tony, and this one is Peter.”
Steve flushed, but didn’t answer, instead turning his attention back to PJ, who had started to snuffle quietly as he clutched at the Captain’s shirt. Reaching over, Tony carefully disentangled the boy’s fingers, letting PJ clutch at his hand instead. Smiling softly, the two sat in companionable silence, watching the child rest.
“Yes,” Rhodey answered right overtop of Tony.
“Nothing.”
Once the sounds behind them turned from relieving himself to uncomfortable whimpers, the adults turned around.
“As of 2012, HYDRA began the Child Soldier Initiative. Essentially, they sent operatives to gather pieces of our biological print to create as much of a DNA profile as they could. Since this was right after the Chitauri, they only focused on us, as we were the only Avengers at the time. As the program expanded, they meant to expand the DNA profiles as well, but then—then they got a hit. So, they didn’t want to waste resources chasing after Pietro or Wanda or the others.”
“…What?” the Captain asked, raising an eyebrow, “Can’t read your mind, kid. What’s up?”
Steve only tilted his head and pushed the plate closer to Tony, motioning as if to say
“Now what’s this about hot cocoa?” Steve asked quietly, pulling back.
“You got this handled? For sure?” Rhodey asked, watching the moment with a careful eye.
“You were not there for his birth?” Bruce asked quietly, to which Tony shook his head, “That must have been awful.”
Eventually, Tony knew he was going to have to feed Peter, but the thought of doing it around Rhodey with Steve watching made him more uncomfortable as the seconds ticked by. He squirmed for a moment and then stood from the table, excusing himself in both languages before fleeing to the bedroom. Footsteps were hot on his heels and it was easy to tell who had followed him; without turning around to acknowledge him, Tony sat down on their bed and shucked up his shirt and bra, carefully moving Peter into place with a soft whimper.
,” Steve said, patting next to him again, “Tony bed?”
Tony blinked slowly and nodded, shifting his arms as best as he could to give Bruce access. The doctor wasted no time in poking and prodding the babe, nodding when he finished.
Steve talked fast and with increasing volume, gesturing as if hand motions would somehow allow Tony to understand him. He, of course, could not understand the frantic shouting, so he put a hand on the back of Peter’s head and started to bounce the babe, murmuring to him softly in an attempt to keep the babe calm. Eventually, Steve cottoned onto the fact that Tony was not listening and growled deep in his register, almost forcing Tony to his knees.
“How is he?” was the first thing out of Bucky’s mouth once both men entered the room, prompting a hush from Rhodey and a smack upside the head, “Ow!”
