Tony nodded, watching as the little boy grinned in agreement, color slowly returning to his cheeks. With Bucky in the room, the genius was left wondering who in the hell Peter was speaking about.
“Oh, yes. Excuse me, I got straight to the subject as we are on limited time. My name is Abraham Eskrine, and I invented the super soldier serum.”
“Why don’t you two take a nice nap, and we’ll come get you when dinner is done?” Steve suggested after a moment of silence.
Arriving in Peter’s room, Tony used his foot to close the door behind them with a gentle click. He settled Peter on his feet only to watch as the child immediately runs around the room checking for bugs. With nothing better to do, Tony made himself useful and began to help, looking for cameras to make sure that they were not being watched.
“Fix it how?” Steve asked, arms crossed as he looked down at the man in front of him.
Bringing himself to his feet, Bucky released a lazy grin that looked ever so frightening on his face. “That spider kid is going to be our kid, and he managed to shoot you pretty far.” The man tilted his head, “shouldn’t you be proud of him?”
There was a distinct change in the color of the hallway that finally caught the genius’ gaze. Without being too obvious about his interest, Tony lifted his gaze from where it had rested on Bucky’s collarbone to see that they had entered a different area. It was warmer, lived in.
“What was tha-” As Peter spoke, the bang sounded again.
Everything was exactly as he had dreamt it.
Following a smiling Steve from the room, the two quickly found themselves in a luxurious living room. Several pillows and blankets were strewn around the room, the sofa cushions inviting in their plushy goodness.
The genius snorted, “you can’t have movie night with anything healthy though… and knowing Pepper right now.”
“The first man, he was the terrorist. He killed hundreds of people Tony, hundreds.” It was as if he wanted to give the genius a reason not to shake. “The second, the one who robbed the store, he also murdered several people. In fact, he killed the nephew of the older couple whom owned the store. They relied on the kid’s help, and that man shot him point blank in the head.”
He slowly nods his head, watching as a smile brighter than the fourth of July lights up on Steve’s face. The man stands from where he took a seat by Tony’s side, reaching over and turning off the oxygen, he then takes a moment to take the mask off the genius’ face.
Obviously, she wasn’t going to leave Tony behind.
Instead of looking concerned, the teenager merely shrugged and turned on her heel, making her way to where they had started to lay out the different weapons they had been working on for the Avengers.
Tony leans forward, gently running a hand through the kid’s unruly curls. “Steve did the same for me…”
“Tony? Why do you think I’d leave you behind?” She finally breaks the silence.
Thor and Loki were invited to stay with the team, although the rooms were separated from the area in which the team had revealed to be their normal living quarters. They had been put in an area of guest rooms, so that they could easily gain access to the main rooms.
The genius pulled back, looking pale as he stared at the girl in the face. “How is this possible? I… I saw you die.”
Howard Stark’s voice echoed over and over in his thoughts, a haunting echo of the past.
“Don’t Change This Old Man.”
The genius tried, even though he knew he failed, to hide the satisfaction from his facial expression. When Bucky went for the same movement, Peter did the same thing, and began to whimper until Tony had taken a step back from the men.
“Okay, follow me then.” She waved at the two of them. “Peter, you follow us, we need your hands.”
He disappeared after promising to return, and Tony felt his mind beginning to panic as he listened to the water run in the room. While he couldn’t get up or actually panic, he still could hear everything.
“Hey, you’re up!” The man grinned, stepping forward to unstrap the medical bed and move Tony into the hall.
“I’d love to, when can I start?” The man tried to pretend that the smiles on the men’s faces didn’t send a strange flutter through his heart. His hand going into a fist as he pressed his fingers into is palm. Three squeezes, three and he’d see his real family.
“You punks started without me?” The voice sounded more amused than upset.
Tony doesn’t see the pleased smiles of the group around him.
“Let go!” He shook his arm, eyes focusing on Steve as he tried desperately to get free.
“Later,” said Steve, tying his apron in a tight knot. “How long have we got?”
“Steve,” cried Bucky. “We’re cut off. Clint tried to send off a warning about an arsonist. Turns out, telegraph’s dead. Someone’s cut the wire.”
“Paranoia?” repeated Steve incredulously. “Tony, did you understand what—”
“James,” said Sam.
“Hey, Jarvis, wasn’t I invited to a dinner?”
He cradled Tony’s face in his hands, feeling the familiar prickling of facial hair under his thumbs as he moved them over his face, then down his arms, across his chest. Here, his hands met something hard, cold and unforgiving; was he chained after all?
But Rogers heard none of it.
“I — I also came to apologize.”
“I simply do not understand this Luddite attitude of yours,” said a booming voice. “Didn’t I tell you, boy … didn’t I tell you the border wants results
“What is?” Steve asked absently, occupied with his own thoughts.
“The old man handed the B-18s over to the Army ages ago, what are they harassing us for?”
“Why ever not?”
“You haven’t seen what’s on the other side of the mask.
“Obadiah Stane used to starve,” scoffed Pym. “Fat lot of good has his acquired wealth done to us. Railways, guns … things that blow up.”
“I,” he said, “I don’t think he finds the work here challenging enough. He said—he said he was …
“Risk!” Fury growled out, “Rogers, if we are lucky, Stane hasn’t cottoned on to the mole in his ranks, but he won’t be so stupid as to not have several armed men guarding, as he put it, his best worker. You may have been able to storm into Wellenbeck by yourself as Steve Rogers, a farm boy from Brooklyn, but you will not find it as easy now when you’re Steve Rogers, the war hero. Getting Tony Stark on our side—away from the hands of the likes of Stane—is worth more than the lives of a couple small-town deputies.”
“That, I don’t doubt.” Steve glanced at the fresh burn marks in Tony’s hands. “You work yourself too hard, though.”
“Are you just going to stand there,” asked a voice Steve recognized, “or will you ask someone to dance? There’s more than three women in need of a partner.”
They had just taken the first steps up the stairs at the end of the corridor when Pierce stopped them.
“Yesterday,” answered Tony in a similar tone. “I caught him trespassing around noon, kicked him out by two. Ask Happy, he’s the chauffer, by the way. Good with faces, if you need to ask about those, too.”
It was like an electric current had gone through Steve. He could feel Bruce’s eyes on him. Yet, he stared at the words,
“Yeah, we’re all right, aren’t we?”
The shout cracked like the following thunder itself: a flash of lightning, a rumble, and during the following silence Tony found a torch by his shoulder. As he picked it up, he thought he heard a door closing, though they couldn’t have moved around him so silently, so swiftly…
Steve felt like he had stepped back in time. The offices of the Congress members who gave him his Medal of Honor had looked like a copy of this: from the blood-red wallpaper and dark leather armchairs around the unlit fireplace down to the shelves containing more than two hundred volumes and a bust of a man atop a jade-green marble pedestal. The heavy desk covered in balls of winkled paper, however, was new.
“You did, sir. However, I took the liberty of readying your room a day late.”
“Until?”
Tony saw everything as though it was a very vivid, highly detailed dream. There were dozens of faces staring at him from the sides of the rooms with grim, avenged faces. They were making a great deal of noise, but whether friendly or not, Tony could not listen. He seemed to be sensing all of it as though through a transparent sheet, like a heat haze, which caused the rooms and the people in them swim strangely…
The others had apparently reached the ends of their letters some time ago and listened in. Fury glowered before turning his back on them.
And then he trailed off; his eyes had seen Steve, truly seen him, and it looked as if a lightbulb had gone off in his head.
“Maybe I did pin it to my chest by accident this morning, hold on,” Steve said, making a show of checking his chest. “No, tin as usual.”
“Your father.”
“On your way to the hubby?” Bucky asked. “Tell me, does he have a real shiner?”
“You’re standing in front of my lilies,” said Tony, who had taken an impatient look over Hammer’s shoulders.
“If the plucked turkey was just a couple shades darker, it would have matched his face.”
Tony sighed. “It’s out of line, isn’t it?”
“Mr. Spy,” acknowledged Steve.
On instinct, Steve looked down at his hip where his Colt Dragoon laid in its holster. “It’s served me well,” he defended.
Pym eyed them.
“As I said, before I retired to bed at nine, I saw Mr. Stark leave to the cellar, where I presume he stayed, up until he was seen in the hall by a housemaid at four thirty in the morning.”
Did I watch an entire 20min YouTube vid on how to drive a -38 Ford? Yes, yes I did. Did I actually find it fascinating? I will neither confirm nor deny that fact.
Comments and kudos are always cool
“Damn, Stark,” a voice awoke Steve from the serenity of uncounsiness. He didn’t want to wake up, but the mutterings of his best friend at his side meant he couldn’t stay under much longer. Still, Steve kept his eyes closed, not yet ready to face the world.
*Steve tortures Rumlow to figure out how he knows Tony (Punches him and rips a tooth out, and lots of threatening), Rumlow reveals that Tony was promised to him from a young (underage) age and that he had tried to kiss Tony (when barely overage) and stalk and put cameras in his room, and then he pees himself*
In the meantime hope you enjoyed this mess of a part 2
The genius was drowning in fear and uncertainty, and Steve couldn’t allow his lover to go through that. Not when he had the ability to stop it.
Alas, it wasn't up to him to decide.
One moment The Avengers were on a battlefield, wrapping up their current mission. Next thing they knew there was a blinding flare of light and a man, who looked almost identical to Tony Stark’s lover, simply...appeared.
From the moment the question had floated through his head to a few hours ago when Loki had whispered the words like it was a secret. Maybe something in Steve always knew.
The genius lay in bed, stripped down to nothing but Steve’s oversized shirt and underwear. There was a worryingly blank stare to his eyes, like he was watching the things around him without actually seeing anything.
Tony was looking up at him, his warm, chocolate eyes boring into Steve’s. They were filled with, what the soldier could only describe accurately as, life.
Not ready for prompts but know that there are alot of new stony things, winter steve and otherwise, on the way
thanks for reading
edited: 1/29/21
Loki grabbed the super soldier by the throat and hoisted him into the air. Steve’s feet kicked desperately trying to find purchase so he could take the pressure off his neck.
As always thx for reading
I will post a link to both songs on my tumblr if you are interested in giving them a listen, by tumblr can be found in the end notes
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony shoved his head into Steve’s side, hiding his mouth from view so he couldn't take the pill.
the song for this ch is All Too Well by Taylor Swift :) i've been a sucker for this song since it came out when i was like thirteen
There is a flashback in this ch that normally i would italisize but its not letting me so theres a break in the oage that indicates it
edited: 10/28/19
Thank you to everyone who read this, if you’re new to this series check out more of my WS steve world below
Because, if in this different universe other Steve he hadn’t experienced what Steve had, the soldier wouldn’t even begin to know how to handle that information.
His lover had replied quick enough with a yes.
Hope you enjoy!!
edited: 1/29/21
As per usual this ch and the stories in this series will be getting edited more after all the ch's in this book are written and posted, so mistakes will be getting fixed with time!
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve spoke directly into his comm, “There’s an emergency. We need everyone at my location now, bring medical. I’m not sure what we’re dealing with.”
Steve couldn’t hold back anymore. Not with the sound of pain coming from his friend’s mouth. Bucky truly was his brother in every sense of the word. He couldn't bare to put him through more pain than necessary.
Comments and Kudos are always welcome
Sorry this is a day late its a long one to make up for it
Who knew one tower could have so many different rooms, most of which were empty anyway. Not literally. Decorative paintings hung delicately and leather couches lined the walls, but besides that it was like Steve had stepped into a graveyard. The cold presence that lingered in those spaces made Steve turn around immediately. Which was why he couldn’t seem to find his way back to Bucky.
(See the end of the chapter for
Or caught doing something much worse.
So i wrote and edited this within a day so its not great im sorry the plot of this kind if went weird and strayed from the prompt as well so theres that still its finally the end if this prompt its been a hard one I have a list of promots i shoukd be getting to soon sk there is more wintersoldier steve to come i hope youve enjoyed this addition and one with it
This was how it always was when the two men paired up to fight. They started out with a plan that eventually led them to trouble. Until, finally, they had to wing the rest of it in hope they got out with minor injuries.
Well, almost no one.
(See the end of the chapter for
Why didn’t he have a metal arm like Steve’s own?
A shiver forced its way down Steve’s spine.
the song for this chapter is "Can I have this Dance" from highschool musical
The horrible daydream was exactly why Steve hadn't allowed himself to bolt. No way was he leaving his friends at the hands of a madman. Steve had to find the bravery to walk inside and face something he wasn't prepared to face. A massacre of his own design, one that only destroyed him.
Tony, gently lifted fake Steve off of his thighs, trying not to notice how limp his neck was, before lowering him to the hard concrete where the genius had found him. Then, he slowly rose up from the pavement, legs numb from being in the same, uncomfortable position for so long.
edited: 12/21/19
So only say nice things plz and ty
Sometimes, if Steve had had a bad day and Winter Soldier memories were plaguing him, his self doubt would eat away at him. What if the relationship between himself and Mr. Stark wasn’t as close as Steve thought? What if Mr. Stark didn’t even really like him and was only being kind and amazing and wonderful as a service to Bucky? Maybe Mr. Stark didn’t like him so much, that he wouldn’t even tell Steve his name? Those nights rest was always hard to find.
Comments and kudos are always welcome!!!
Comments and Kudos are always welcome! Hope you enjoyed the ending filth!
At first, what had happened to cause such a reaction was unclear. At least, until her eyes wandered to the body on the ground.
edited: 12/13/19
The super soldier was already making his way to his friend to try and hurry him out of this crazy building. Bucky’s smile fell at Steve’s panic, not sure what was going through his best friend’s mind.
Clint glared at the man, “Way to ruin my fun Bruce,” the blond said, but there was a red flush crawling up his neck that let Steve know he was done with the teasing. Not that it made the super soldier feel any better.
“Mr. Stark, that’s what you call him right, Steve? Steve Rogers and Mr. Stark the duo that gets themselves blown up without a regard for other people. If either of you had died, do you know what that would have done to me? The two of you are my best friends...I-I...”
Kudos and comments are cool, thanks for reading
It only took one glance for bile to rise up in Tony’s throat.
It was exhilarating, and Steve couldn’t deny the adrenaline racing through his veins.
Tony tentatively reached out his hand to flip the figure over, when a voice spoke in his ear.
For more content you can find me on tumblr @kca1516 (just like this acount)
This isnt the most edited chapter and i plan on going through a bunch of the later chapters and editing them more soon just bare with me
The supersoldier felt the warmth of the contact long after the genius left.
Thanks for reading
Or at least, that’s what he tried to convince himself.
That was at nine o’clock, and as Steve said, it was now three, and here he was awake. Still desperately hoping that Tony would open the door with a perfectly reasonable excuse as to why he stayed so late. A reason that didn’t have to do with getting held up gazing into the other Steve’s eyes.
Hope you enjoy, comments and kudos are always welcome. If you thought it sucked refer to the first note up top
(See the end of the chapter for
For more of my works and all that shit you can follow me on tumblr @kca1516  and as always thank you guys so much for reading
And, even though the request sounded somewhat urgent, Steve couldn’t help but take a pause. Mr. Stark personally asked for him. Something like butterflies fluttered around in his stomach. It made him want to be sick, yet he desperately wanted to hold onto the sensation at the same time.
Hey I know a lot is going on in the world, and that has been was has kept me from finishing this ch sooner, but writing has given me a balance of consuming media and keeping my head cleared so I don't become a useless sack of depression. Hopefully this ch helps you take a break if you need it too and know that this blog has always been and will remain to be a supporter of the black lives, lgbt+ rights, woman's rights, and true justice for those who have to live with a target on their back every day.
Steve froze, a range of emotions he couldn’t suppress swept through him. And it cost him. With two firm slices from the god’s knives there were two slices in the flesh of his left bicep. Steve hissed, though Loki’s words were still bouncing in his head.
Steve shuddered feeling like a fool for the question he was about to ask. Then feeling like an idiot for feeling foolish of what a robot would think of the questions he asked. No one else would know what he said today, so why did it feel like an effort to force out the words that seemed lodged in his throat.
Without further hold up, enjoy ch 4!
edited: 6/22/20
However, Steve didn’t get away unscathed.
Comments and Kudos are always appreciated, thanks for reading :)
Bruce said Steve had been afraid, and frankly the super soldier resented the statement. He hadn’t been afraid of the voice per say...just wary. He would have argued the fact too if it wasn’t for the red haired female, Steve had been watching cautiously, slithering up to greet him.
He looked different from the last time, the only time, Steve had seen him. No longer was there an unkept, twainy beard growing on half his face, or a ripped suit covering what it could of his body. Oh no, now the other Steve could pass for an exact replica of Steve, clean shaven with blue eyes that pierced into your soul from behind slightly tamed eyebrows.
Writing this chapter made me cry ngl
Read the beginning notes for answers about updated leave a comment with any questions and ill make sure to answer them thanks for reading
Sorry I took a break but im back now and plan to fill out some more requests I have saved up
I edited this one quickly so sorry if its not up to par hope you enjoy it anyway thx for reading
edited: 12/12/19
He didn’t have time to question it when another voice, this one shrill yet much more terrifying, echoed from the set of stairs as the clicking of heels filled the room.
The worrisome questions quite literally kept Steve up at night.
This was the first night that the entire team was home from the hospital, the fight with Loki had been a week ago, and the team had decided to celebrate a job well done. Steve would admit he was excited for it. It had been a while since all seven of them had relaxed together, and he looked forward for what the night would bring. So when he sat down at the kitchen table, waiting for the pizza to arrive with the rest of his team (well almost all of his team), he hadn’t been prepared for his entire life to change.
Even though I have multiple chapters done updates might be a bit sparse because life is getting in the way so sorry for the wait, hope you enjoy
Sorry this took a while to get out i think i said this last time but updates are going to be a little further apart because i need time to write and edit them
Merry Christmas, this is my late present to you
He immediately looked back at the Steve in his arms, noticing, thankfully, that his chest was rising and falling.
The beggining is a flashaback to the second day if the series where tony insisted nat tell him whats up before it skips to cap steves last day with them hope that clears things up
Tony had been this way ever since the end of the battle two hours ago. He didn’t respond in the slightest to anything or anyone but Steve, and wouldn’t leave the soldier's side. Bruce said Tony would come back to himself eventually, they just needed to give it time. But, Steve felt like bugs were crawling under his skin, his worries chilling him.
This was so short and i had finished with it so early that it would have been a waste to wait so here take my meek offering
thanks
Just so people realize, Steve is acting the way he's acting for a reason. I didn't make him jealous just for the sake of conflict, he's acting this way for a reason that will come to be explained. Sorry it's so short the next chapter will be longer.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Quite the opposite, in fact.
When he looked around there was no denying the laughter in everyone's eyes at Steve’s cost. Bucky tried to hold it in, but his face was wearing with the effort.
the song for this ch is happiness by Taylor Swift
It was only a thought but it was enough to send Steve reeling as he shot up in bed, hunching into himself as that ugly green emotion soared through his veins. He could picture it in his head, and as much as he didn’t want to, it was like someone else had taken control. The images playing like a news real in his mind. Tony with his head thrown back in pleasure as the other Steve took him apart in a way only Steve had been able to up until now. Tony’s cheeks would flush as his eyes were heavily lidded with pleasure before he would open his mouth in a silent scream as he came, and a man with two real arms caressed his skin to help him through it.
So i havent gotten to writting pt 3 and 4 of this so i dont know when those will be out, but i will try to make that as soon as possible
edited: 12/20/12
Almost done, one chapter left!!!! As always more editing for these series will come after the final ch is out so bear with me.
The other Steve bit his lip, as if he wanted to argue, but the familiar glint sparkled in his eyes. The one that knew there was no point trying to fight with the genius when he had made up his mind about something. Steve was well versed in it.
Tony, who had watched him in a sort of daze, turned around and blasted away his current enemy. When he was certain his opponent wasn’t getting up any time soon, he quickly flew over to the new arrival.
Normally, the Avengers were good about realizing when Steve didn’t understand something in this new world, or felt uncomfortable. But, tonight it felt like no one cared that he was confused as they happily kept talking about Tony.
2. A slowed down version of Wildest Dreams by taylor swift
Without warning, Steve shot up so fast his chair flew a couple feet behind him, and he slammed his metal fist into the table, causing an immediate dent. The room was quiet, as five superheroes looked at him with concern. Steve was breathing heavy, with his veins attempting to break through his skin, and a wild look in his eye.
edited: 12/22/19
Steve could feel himself melting into a puddle of emotions, all his previous thoughts about his replica vanishing from his mind.
Thank you for reading and giving kudos and commenting, it means the world to me to recieve your feedback!
It wasn’t like that at all.
All the love
The song for this chapter is Work Song by Hozier (also if anyone has any good mafia au songs or stony songs leave a comment bc i'm always looking for new music)
But, his wondering all came to a halt on a mission the super soldier would never forget.
The A.I seemed to be pleased by the change of events. Maybe more happy that Steve didn’t ask any more questions into Mr. Stark’s private life, maybe because Steve was the first person to give the A.I’s master a fair chance without any prior judgment. Steve hoped it was the second one. Though the omission surprised even himself.
He wanted, needed, answers. Why was this new Steve here? Did Natasha know him? Why did she call him Captain America?
edited: 12/20/19
Enjoy ch 2
edited: 10/27/19
Steve bent down, pressing deep, quivering kisses against every inch of Tony’s face. He couldn’t deny how content he felt when Tony pushed up into it, eager to feel more of the soldier all around him.
Updates might be coming a little slower coming up bc i rlly want to make sure the quality of each chapter is good and flows well instead of just putting something out quick but i do have some well edited chapters left before that might happen
Steve twisted around, being careful to make sure Tony realized he wasn’t leaving, and placed the medicine and water on the nightstand. Then, he slipped further under the covers, and pulled Tony snug against him. Steve gripped tightly onto the man who returned the gesture until his knuckles were white.
Sorry this took so long to update today
Steve ducked, already pulling for the gun hidden in his jacket pocket. The voice had come from seemingly nowhere, yet had spoken his name as if they were friends. Steve was no friend of disembodied voices coming from the sky, thank you very much.
WS Steve and Cap Steve officially meet in the next chapter!
edited: 1/27/21
Steve wouldn’t deny he felt relieved. He had been explained the situation before he could make an even bigger fool of himself around people he didn’t know.
She too answered in Russian, both of them not wanted to freak Tony out anymore then he already was.
edited: 12/22/19
1. Acoustic, piano version of She by Harry Styles
Steve had learned a long time ago that when his friend got really angry he used people’s full names when cussing them out, which he never failed to do. Maybe it was manipulative, but Steve needed to know Stark’s first name.
Nothing more. No details on who the man was, no details on why Steve was being sent there, hell they didn’t even tell Steve the man’s first name!
As always this was edited very quickly so it might be more flawed then other chapters this is also the last chapter that is fully written before posting so updated may not come every friday anymore but i am not abandoning the story at all it holds a special place in my heart and i have a detailed outline for every chapter to come which makes writing it easier so enjoy thanks for reading
I BARELY EDITED THIS SO IT MIGHT SUCK SORRY I PLAN TO RE-EDIT IT SOON I PROMISE
Onto lighter topics, there are two songs that have helped me write this ch.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
so, as always thanks for reading and I hope you enjoy the final instalment of this story!
After a rlly long time I FINALLY CREATED A TUMBLR it finally happened even though I technically had one already but im actually going to be doing things on this one like taking writing prompts and linking updates to ao3 and informing you guys when I'm going to be posting so you're not in the dark wondering if I've abandoned my stories so pls go follow!!! The username is the same as this account (kca1516) pls come talk to me bc otherwise i learned how to put a link in my bio for nothing and that would suck lol
Talking this way, he placed the freshly laid eggs, quickly cooling in the frigid air, into a carton.
The following silence was so total one could hear the distant sound of constant mechanical throbbing in furious rhythm.
“Steve,” said Bucky sternly, “Tony’s your husband, not Clint’s.”
Steve stepped towards the coach, only to realize none except Tony were following.
“I know,” Steve replied.
“Let him down, Buck,” Steve said firmly.
Stubby, wood-handled, and sharp — a penknife.
“If your goal was to save lives, how come you’re still running,” Steve asked coolly from the back of Pym’s fancy, embroidered waistcoat. “War ended fifteen years ago.”
“Try not to strain your throat,” said Rogers, tone unyielding, in form of a rebuttal.
“Exactly … what if Stane sent them after Tony to bully him into leaving … it’s not a coincidence that we, every person Tony called a friend,
Anyway,
“Well, you can save it. He’s under several pounds of stone. And rather unable to appreciate it,” said Tony, who dodged the contact. “To service him would be to ignore consent, which is as good as violating the right of sepulchre or rape, depending on what you believe of the Hereafter.”
“See, this is why we always bicker,” he said. “We’re both stubborn by fault and somehow take it upon ourselves to try and out-stubborn one another.” He shook his head and gave Steve a onceover. “It’s like raving at a brick wall.”
“What are you thinking,” Sam asked Jarvis.
“Drinking isn’t a crime, Sheriff,” he said coldly, slammed his cup onto the trestle table, and stepped onto one of their dining chairs in front of their fireplace to rise face to face with their grandfather clock. Around the chair, small mechanical parts still littered the floor from an old project Steve had loath to remove, should it discourage Tony to come over less.
“Seriously? Still hovering? I feel like I’m going to spontaneously wreck the house just by breathing with you watching over me like that. What, you’re not allowed to leave without my say so?”
Obie’s pale brows had risen. “Is this how you waste away your nights? Tinkering?”
Steve had a sudden and vivid mental image of a one-eyed, bald baby drooling on the knee of a greying gentleman, listening to stories of distrust and crime.
Rogers did not bother to make a note of this news, though he, rightfully, established Jarvis as the reliable source of all things Tony.
“Are you okay?” asked Rhodey whose brown eyes looked anxious under his frown.
“Tony is
Tony stayed stubbornly silent.
“Don’t make a meal out of it,” Tony dismissed. “I can’t even remember where I was during breakfast. I have people for that.”
Tony backed into Steve trying to escape his clutches; the saloon floor was now a sea of standing people waiting to be seated, all watching at the scene taking place that would determine their chosen table size. Thor was looking eagerly at Tony, potholders gripped in both large hands; Sam appeared to be fascinated by one of the arches; and Bucky was still blocking the door, as though showing he would bodily force the two of them to talk if need be.
It was a true testament to Pepper’s exposure to Tony’s trips to the casinos of Monte Carlo and to the mountain hotels of Switzerland, that her steps merely faltered at the sight of the art.
“Did you know about this?” asked Steve, who, in turn, faces Clint accusingly.
“That’s classified,” replied Rogers, who was staring avidly out into the traffic, which was about as sleepy as one would expect from a country lane. “You’re poking your nose into a police business. What’s worse, a business you’re already neck-deep involved with.”
get noticed if the three of us backtracked to get the others without that hoodwinking little scab.”
They traded looks; unless United States had suddenly acquired a penchant for rich Starks, they had just identified their old man as their so far most promising lead into Stark Industries’ business.
“He didn’t teach me,” Steve told him. “I taught myself, just as you did.”
“Wars have always been the same,” Steve said gruffly. “Only the greed of men has grown.”
“Explosion, you said?” Sam began tentatively. “Was there a body?”
While the man was still bend over, Steve twisted Rumlow’s head by the grip he took of his nose and pressed his gun to his head.
The dog looked up at him obliquely as if disagreeing with her state of employment.
A curse sounded in the shadows.
The answer was so laughably easy Tony wondered how he had not thought of it before.
“Steve, no!” Bucky protested. “I’m sure you ought to be resting.”
Steve stared at him. “Who?”
“Please, stop,” said Steve, and Tony’s teeth clacked together.
Steve jumped when he felt Bucky place a hand on his shoulder, towering concernedly over him. “You all right?”
“You know, Tony could be so unkind sometimes,” Steve said. “But only under pressure. I should’ve been less overbearing … I should have offered him support, but I … how could I have, when nothing he spoke was the truth?”
Steve had not been alone when encountering the god of trickery, Iron Man had been his partner, as they often were. But, Stark had taken a bad hit from a spell and found himself paralyzed on the ground. Not for the first time that day, Steve wished the god had paralyzed the man’s mouth as well.
Fear.
Hope you enjoyed
I'm not going to lie this chapter is kind of all over the place and I'm not 100% happy with how it all flows together but I wanted to publish it so here take it accept my fandom offering
There was a telling silence following the question that gave Steve the answer he needed.
Steve closed his blue eyes, snuggling impossible closer to his lover. He was trying desperately not to think about all his problems in fear they would keep him up all night, and in turn keep Tony awake as well.
edited: 12/21/19
thank you for reading, comments and kudos are always welcome! Follow us on tumblr @kca1516 for more content, thank you!!!!!
edited: 12/22/19
edited: 12/21/19
That’s what had struck at Steve’s nerves. The other Steve wanted to meet him.
edited: 1/29/21
Also SMUT IN THIS CHAPTER its the first one but not the last one in this series
Except there was one problem. The genius at Steve’s side insisted he come along to see his doppelgänger leave.
Again the hallway was silent, but this time for a different reason entirely.
(See the end of the chapter for
(Last but not least I wrote and edited this in less then 24 hrs so it might suck)
Steve’s face went red. But, not for the reason everyone at the table thought. If it was up to him, this Tony guy would be six feet under by now with Steve happily filling his grave in. Yet, it seemed his team had even forgotten that Steve didn’t know who Tony was in the first place, and that...that was the last straw.
edited:12/12/19
As always thank you so much for reading comments and kudos are always welcome
As per usual this chapter was not thoroughly edited bc I can only look at something for so long before going out of my mind, but with the completion of this book I will be going back and editing it all over again so it isn't total trash
Well, maybe not exactly. Tony would never force him to do anything he didn’t want to, Steve knew that. But, of course, the man had solved the riddle of the unpredictable wormholes popping up and had created a portal that would send the other Steve back. His genius was a genius, and god dammit Steve was proud of him for figuring out a question that had been bothering scientists for multiple years now. The whole team was going down to Shield to say goodbye to the man they had gotten to know over the past few weeks, and Steve felt inclined to come along as well. If not to celebrate Tony then to at least protect him from whatever...dangers the other Steve posed.
edited: 6/21/20
First ch updated in 2020 lol the song for this chapter is Everything I Did to get to You by Ben Platt, sorry for the super late update more will be coming, I don't abandon fics even if it takes me a while to post
edited: 1/28/21
Also i havent looked over the chapter as much as some others so i apologize for any mistakes
Things in this chapter will be explained in the next.
edited: 6/21/20
One he loved so fiercely it hurt sometimes. Especially, right now.
Steve didn’t think it was possible for him to want to sink further into the ground.
He would do anything for Tony.
She dared a step closer to the man on the gravel, hoping that she was wrong. That he wouldn’t be what, or who she thought he was. But, her hopes were dashed.
Hey working on getting the next ch out friday
(See the end of the chapter for
Sure, he was wearing a dark black suit, with a star cutout on the center of his chest, and had a thick beard covering the lower half of his face.
Thanks for reading
He was however a friend to the dark haired man coming down the elaborate set of stairs to his left.
(See the end of the chapter for
edited:12/22/19
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve didn’t say anything about it. Far too relieved he was getting a reaction out of Tony besides stone cold silence.
Steve leaned back against the wall, the words ricocheting through his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
*BE MINDFUL OF WARNINGS*
After passing the same mirror for the third time, Steve let out a cry of aggravation and slumped to the floor. He let his back rest against the wall, and banged his head against the plaster until the noise drowned out his thoughts.
The genius had settled next to Rhodey for an hour and a half, mindlessly reminiscing their college days while king T’Challa listened nearby. The Dora Milaje had excused themselves to a different room, claiming that there was a gym installed in the warehouse specifically to keep them up on their forms.
Steve Rogers, clad in a darker colored version of his original uniform, smiled savagely as he rushed towards Tony.   Bucky Barnes following close behind with the same wicked glint in his eyes that spoke of a victory not yet obtained.
Tony ripped at any IV attached to him, not bothered as they spewed a mixture of his blood with whatever drugs they were pumping into his system. The room spun before him, hands were grabbing at his arms, trying to stop him from moving off the mattress.
His father, of course, had seen profit.
“Please,” he implored again. “Please let go.”
When had that happened?
Hopefully I can get the next chapter out soon... let's say it'll be a good one ;)
Tony is shaking, so hard the bed trembles with the movements. He doesn’t hear the two super soldiers, trying to reassure him as Clint lifts the dead body from the floor and leaves the room, Natasha trailing behind him.
But now, with Carol on his side, he’d found the small ball of sass that made up Tony Stark. If the two super soldiers truly loved him, they wouldn’t have tried to quell the part of him that had made up so much of his personality. Would they?
“No, but your weapons still hurt people in the wrong hands.”
“So, we figured, every time you act out, we’re just going to have to test the weapons you wanted to take off the market. Until you behave.”
“He ripped this right out of your chest, and you almost died if it wasn’t for your own genius creation,” Bucky didn’t fight the hand that came to weakly push away his own, instead letting it happen as the vulnerable genius tried to curl into himself. It didn’t work, as the soldier wouldn’t allow it, but Tony did try.
Figuring that he should probably stop the situation before it escalated too far that they woke Tony, the soldier reached into the box and pulled out the instruction manual. The research team had gotten a lot of information on Peter Parker and had discovered that the child had been a genius since birth. They’d also discovered several of his hobbies before the world had turned upside down, and Lego’s and Star Wars happened to be some of the former teen’s favorite things.
Rolling to dodge a beam that would have surely gone through him, Tony thanks his lucky stars that it goes through the door of the booth and allows him to slam it open. He staggers into the hallway, the bots on his tail as he ignores the shooting pain in his leg again as he runs.
“You listen to me Anthony Stark. I’m leaving, and I’m taking you with me. I don’t have the details, but I can figure out exactly what’s confusing your mind.” She growled.
Provoked, Steve crossed the final distance; Steve had only time to reflect that if he were Tony, he would have had something clever to say before he tackled Stane by his middle, causing both of them to fall hard onto the stones.
“I shall keep an eye on you,” the third chuckled, brandishing a pink fist in a parody of boxing. “No sudden movements, I’ve got a mean right hook.”
If they were too late…
Hodge had swallowed a considerable amount of beer in shock. He stood up, teary eyed, and saw the muscle jumping in Steve’s clenched jaw. The quiet one collected himself from where he had awkwardly half-collapsed between counter and seat. Then Steve moved his right arm and reached into his pocket. The two men jumped and were out of the door by the time Steve came out with a dollar bill he slapped onto the counter.
Unlike three month ago, Hope looked much more like the heiress she was; her hair pulled back and pinned. She was not dressed in pants and a jacket, but in a sleek dress. She looked furious. Even as they passed her, she hardly said a word.
“So, how do we tell apart a spy?” asked Sam as they neared the open iron gates of a side entrance. “I mean, isn’t blending in the whole point?”
“There you are,” sighed Sam. There was a sheen of sweat gleaming on his features. “Better call Doc to check that hand of yours.”
Bucky stared into Steve’s earnest face and did not seem reassured, but frustrated. Perhaps Steve’s feelings were clear on his face, for Bucky looked apologetic and hurried on, “Steve, we don’t mean to slander—”
“Yes,” said Steve flatly while his mind had wandered long way from the Sheriff’s Office, back to the weeks spent in Sacramento. They seemed so far away; they had always felt too good to be true, like he had stolen them from a normal person’s life, someone who hadn’t fought a war and come out of it a different person, someone who could settle down…
By sunbreak next morning, they waded through the freezing cold river on horseback. Their steeds stirred the clay at its bottom, turning the water grey in their wake. Once on the opposite bank, they followed the river upstream through patches of snow, their horses occasionally missing their footing on a hard, frozen tuft of grass. The hills swelled gradually on their right and left, their path carrying them along a valley in between, on a path of impacted desert floor.
to be; Tony had ripped off its Captain insignias, leaving the dark blue fabric smooth and untouched underneath.
Then, a hand clamped on his shoulder, remarkably high up the junction of his neck and shoulder, and an oppressive breath misted his ear.
The new light, although very small and cool, was much brighter than their old lamps; it dazzled Steve’s eyes even through the glass. It lit Tony’s face with a glow that accentuated the flush of his cheeks. Despite this, his pupils were blown.
“And?” prompted Tony, a little impatiently.
But just then, a key turned in a lock.
an old man, sir, but I should know how to tell apart the similar facial structure of the man I served for four decades.”
“Steve, do come in,” Bruce said. “Is the hand troubling you? You
“We’re dealing with it. No mail from Sokovia?” Steve asked. “Kremmlin?”
“You squirmy, little cyclops,” Bucky was snarling as his clenched fist slowly choked Strucker.
The ground here had become tough; wet and shot through with wheel tracks and shoe marks, it had hardened into ankle-breaking bumps during the cold night. People were crisscrossing in front of him from one building to another, and Steve found himself wondering if they knew, could they sense, what Steve had lost? As Steve crossed the road, he glanced over his shoulder; nobody was looking at him. The river and the mountains looked the same. Was it only
“Tell you what,” he said abruptly, recalling something. “Last night,” he started, and retold Rogers the conversation he had partly overheard on the other side of a closed door.
Steve looked at Tony subconsciously tapping his chest again. “How—”
“About a month ago.”
The picture was matt, round-edged and black-bordered, and slightly worn at the corners from being moved in and out of jacket pockets before he had saved the money for an actual frame. From the photograph, Tony’s face stared back at Steve seriously; the glare of the contrasting monochrome had drained him of color and turned his eyes into two dull, black holes.
He was striding down a hall with purpose, walking to the door at the very end of the passage … he peeked through a slit of a window into the cell-like room … metal shavings, machine parts, an occupied bed…
The dog streaked away: nails scratched on polished parquet, her barks bounced off the walls and windows, and soon she had disappeared around the corner.
A sound broke his focus; a shift of sheets that had had him shooting out of the chair several times just for it to have been a false alarm. But, looking at the flutter of Tony’s bruised lid and the shift of his hands under the thin and rough sheet, Steve knew this would finally be it.
“Jammed guns,” said Steve, starting to smile.
“Because they have already started to prepare for it. A head start in design and manufacturing will guarantee them a place in the helm of the industry before their rivals have even had the chance to warm up.” Steve looked up at Fury. “Did you come up with this in four weeks?”
“Look,” said Rhodey suddenly, “every single person deals with their grief differently … but what you’re doing…”
Steve sprinted through the dark town. It was deserted; people had long disappeared for supper inside their houses. Steve tore up the steps, onto the porch and through the oak doors of the townhall, and off up the mahogany stairs, toward the second floor.
“Talk to him?”
“Those who oppose our Sheriff, or his friend, best sleep with one eye open,” joked Strucker, shouting his words for all of court to hear. “Old Boogey Man might take ya!”
“Okay,” Tony said, abruptly, and placed back the glass, which rang out a noisy
, then Steve’s look of outward gratitude. “It’s … it’s nothing—I—” his stutters ground to a halt. “That one’s new.”
“To mourn even those who were bad to us. You were with him for so long.”
A mixture of gratitude and shame welled up in Tony; he knew that they would not believe him. Now that he came to think of it, even Jarvis must have his doubts; must believe that, after the loss of both his parents, meeting the man who had once broken his heart had finally been the last nail of the coffin of his sanity. Even Tony himself was less and less sure as the time went on … as more and more black cars congregated below…
“…the backdoor leading into the yard from the servants’ quarters, that wasn’t used, you said?”
He couldn’t get enough breath into his lungs anymore; he was being pressed very hard from all directions; there were iron bands tightening around his chest; the roar of the fire pushed against his eardrums and then—
Pepper, folding her arms pitilessly, looked formidable in the shoulder-padded Schiaparelli. They had only just reached the end of the left wing and enough art leaned under a sheet against the red damask wall to trip someone entering the corridor.
“Pity,” said Tony, rather carelessly pocketing the key. “Just when I’d planned to hold a séance by the stain.”
“You’re a hard man to get a hold on, Rogers,” he began in a casual tone. “One would think you’re guarded better than the damn Fort McHenry.”
Happy gave a look, which Tony answered with a tiny twitch of the head towards the driveway and its oaks.
“Jarvis, you up?” Tony shouted into the seemingly empty house at large, eyes sun-dazzled. “The prodigal son has returned!”
He swung around. A tall figure laid on the Persian carpet behind a couch. Bathed in moonlight, illuminated in a cold and silvery hue, untouched by the glow of the fire, it was unmistakably a man … it was Tiberius.
Pepper went quiet, just listening and waiting.
He ran forward, skidding to a halt and backing up against the wall as Bucky marched forward and towards the gang. It seemed to be only one group and Peter caught the last few batted whispers of " - the last time we tried that, we lost the thing to the Parkers,".
May blinked and then brightened and her smile widened. "Oh wonderful! Are you excited?"
"What?"
And then Tony came down and he introduced Tony to his ais before discreetly trying to usher Tony away. Eventually Tony obliged and Peter didn't miss the stunned expression on the genius's face and he smirked a little.
Steve pulled away abruptly. "But first you can bring me to a movie."
Bucky didn't respond; just stood and wiped blood off of his hands and onto his trousers. He moved towards Peter and lifted him up. "Mission Protect." he repeated from before.
He looked and almost stopped breathing again.
"I'm fine May," Peter brushed her off. "Just shocked...obviously. How are you?"
"Cap," Tony grunted through the Iron Man suit. He was up above Steve and Bucky who were making sure that no Sentries got down to where they were. While they did that, Tony tried to find a safe way to bring down the city and maybe a way to turn Ultron off. "We've got a problem."
Peter startled in surprise but smiled. "Well, I think that means you'd need my opinion right?"
do that."
"So he didn't kidnap you," Tony clarified.
After a few minutes, he pulled away the ringing still echoing. Groaning, Peter sat up and shook his head and looked down. The five men were gone but the single man was on the ground and Peter's heart dropped.
"Would one of you just say yes so we can go home?" Harley spoke up, raising his eyebrows. Peter grinned with him. It turned out that everyone had stopped walking in to watch the two to them.
"I'll work something out with May." she whispered. "I promise." she gently pressed her lips to his forehead and he sniffed. She felt tears dripped on her arm but she didn't say anything.
He was in what looked like a hospital. A window was opened, giving him a gentle breeze as he woke up. A woman came in and told him that he was fine and okay but the game that was playing on the radio was the one that he went to with Bucky and-
A group of people called the Guardians of the Galaxy were across from them. Gamora was a green lady, Rocket was a raccoon, Groot was a tree, Drax was this gray and red alien, Nebula was blue, Mantis had wide black eyes, and the only human (Half-human) on their team was Peter Quill or Star-Lord.
Natasha could hear her stuttering in surprise over the phone and then she could practically hear the poor woman gaping as the Avengers arrived at her door for pickup. Then May was thanking her profusely and Natasha waved her off and hung up.
Words: 1.9k
Peter was about to mention Harry and maybe even the spider bite but decided not to and feel asleep on the couch with May.
"You remember everything I told you?" He asked. Bucky looked up at him.
"I'll make sure of it later," Tony said dismissively.
And to find that Tony has none...
Natasha blinked and turned to see May being held by Clint. She looked queasy and white. She swallowed hard. "I - I don't want him going outside either. He's safe in this Tower."
"Fuck."
"No-" Steve jumped in. "You will not-"
"Well," Tony scoffed. "While you do that I can help Peter decorate his room."
"Um thanks," the young man replied hesitantly, still staring at Harley. "Who-who are you?"
Pepper kissed Natasha's cheek when she came downstairs and slung her arm around Nat's shoulder. Pepper didn't leave Natasha for the whole night as the party raged around them.
," Steve's calm but slightly shocked voice came through the comm and Natasha shoved them out of the warehouse.
- I don't know about that...Natasha is pretty...over-protective."
"It's why Tony didn't want to keep him." Peter pointed out. "He found the science sketchy and he didn't like that. So he made sure Pepper wouldn't hire that guy."
"This is an orphanage right?" he asked. Harley nodded. "And you hate it. So, why don't you come home with me?" Harley stared.
your mom?"
Peter stumbled a little upon hearing that but shook it out of his head. There's no way that they were talking about him or anything. But...it did sound like the voice that killed Ben...
"What is going on!" Clint screamed at Thor.
"Tony." Steve said and continued to stare off into space.
"No!" Peter screamed but too late-
"Is he hungry?" Sam asked, holding out a plate of food that she guessed was for Peter.
And then he realized that she wanted a hug. Bewildered beyond belief, Peter shrugged and scooted forward on the couch and tried not to flinch in surprise when Black Widow surged forward and pulled him into a tight hug.
Natasha looked a little nervous suddenly. "Steve proposed to Tony...and I proposed to Pepper...so, we're both going to get married soon."
"Why?" Tony furrowed his brow.
"Of course Natasha,"
Either these people were with the government or they were faking it. He didn't care if these people happened to be government especially if they knew his secret identity because at this moment the police didn't really like Spider-Man.
Natalia snapped her fingers and Steve jumped. "Alright. Let's get to your mom's house." And she grabbed his hand.
Jarvis' wings started to look sick-ish.
"We're not feeding him dodgy cat food," Natasha rolled her eyes and stood, walking over to the kitchen. Tony followed her, letting out a sound of interest.
," Bucky swore.
"Oh don't-" Clint started but Tony turned to look at her and started yowling and yapping and meowing his ass off. Clint groaned and mashed his face into a couch pillow.
"Well, I was too for my first date, but I'm sure it'll go swimmingly." She smiled and kissed his cheek again. "Come on, I think Sam is making something in the kitchen."
They made their way to
Pepper leaned forward and Natasha hovered, waiting for the words.
Link to the Wattpad (once published):
"Tony and I had one night together," She told him truthfully. "We never intended to get together, let alone be parents." She went quiet for a moment. "Truth be told, I wasn't supposed to have you. But I always wanted to be a mother and when you were taken..." she trailed off but Peter got it. She didn't need to say anything more.
But he stuck close to the car, worrying his bottom lip between his teeth and watching the others scan the area. He hoped they didn't notice his fear - or at the very least his hesitation - as he leaned against the car, forcing himself to look relaxed.
Peter and Harley both got the same - as usual. A chocolate malt with an inch of whip cream and a strawberry on top. Peter hadn't eaten at
"May, I don't -"
When it was Peter's turn he watched the system and frowned with the security guard when the screen flashed for just a brief second with some name and then 'Peter Parker'.
"Let's get straight to the point yeah?" he said grumpily.
Bucky's eyes widened and he looked over at the woman's body. "Jesus Peter -"
"Yeah?" Peter's voice was stronger than he looked right now.
Bucky snorted. "To my house of course.
Peter side-eyed him. "Uh. Sure." Harry grinned.
"Just like your father," She said softly.
"Jeez, Pete, no just go okay kid?" Mr. Micheals laughed. "Have fun at your field trip!"
Peter stealthily swung past MJ and then Ned's house to May's apartment. He took the steps two at a time and knocked on the door.
Bucky didn't say anything, just regarded the retreating man's back.
not even 1k, just 600+
"I - I don't know Peter." Harry sighed. "Come on, we should head back before your your guide misses you and he skins my ass." Harry pulled Peter to his feet and Peter followed, leaning heavily on Harry.
"We made you kid," the man scoffed. He started walking away. "If you want answers, meet me here in 24 hours." and then we was gone.
And something did.
And the person with the twenty-four foot winspan was none other than Tony.
"Your helmet?" Steve unwrapped Tony's limbs from his body and tapped his head. "So...Shellhead."
"See,
"Holy shit -
Peter shifted in the car, feeling antsy and his leg started to jiggle. May looked surprisingly calm but Peter could tell she was freaking out. The car started moving and Peter began to scan around, searching for a way out.
Fucking
"Well the system pinged you as a missing child but Friday wiped it because your name will come up as classified to any system below Shield." Phil explained.
"I'm Steve Rogers." Steve knit his eyebrows. "How old are the two of you exactly?"
As a thank you card, here is the next chapter. It's pretty long - like 4k words long - so enjoy!
"So you actually did decide to show up,"
He walked away, leaving a stunned Steve behind.
Now that he was ready to fight, Steve set out to find his own team.
or anything if that's what you mean..." Peter startled, surprising her as well. "I - May! May, where's - where's May?!"
Peter himself was on this bed, criss-crossing his legs and was looking down. Natasha considered her options and then considered which were best. Deciding that going to sit at the foot of Peter's bed was the best, she gently walked over and lightly sat down. "Peter?"
"...and this is Harry. He's my intern and is going to hang out with us today to see what it's like it. Ready guys?" Peter missed the man's name but looked at the intern and squinted a little. Was that...?
"'The Phoenix must burn to emerge'." Steve recalled.
Steve blinked. "Oh, wait you want me to come with you?"
As it was, it took Clint five days to drag her away from Peter and Natasha was half furious at him that he had taken her away from her son.
"So apparently I was kidnapped when I was three years old. And apparently Nat - Black Widow gave birth to me and apparently she was pregnant because of Tony - erm, Iron Man," Peter tried to explain. "And then - remember the police thing we did last Tuesday? Apparently the system pinged me as theirs."
Natasha huffed at him while Steve started to speak from the couch. "You guys have to figure out how to co-parent with May."
," He gently kissed her forehead and she sighed, letting out a shaky breath.
2010 - Natasha meets Tony again
Harley blinked. Because for one moment-one, very small moment-he had hope.
"Black Widow and Iron Man are my parents." Peter blurted. Natasha's brow furrowed and Mr. Stark raised his eyebrows.
"Why?" Steve asked. Pepper frowned. "Why did he hide his wings?"
The other was a man named Falcon. He was an army para-rescue. Apparently a high tech one as well because he had metal wings. He had been working with someone and was known as the Falcon in his neighborhood when he saw the Avengers and figured they could use some help.
where?"
"But there's posters of Tony -
"I already told you -" Peter tried to argue.
Oh my god I swear, there was going to be a happy ending but like everything else in my life it got away from me and yeah. It was going to end with Tony swinging by and they'd get into an argument before Steve blurted that he liked all the attention for the most part and had fallen in love and they'd kiss and then they'd go to bed (like to sleep) together because that was one of the things that cat Tony helped Steve with and Steve would have no more nightmares but I lost inspo and couldn't write the rest.
"Resign?" Natalia frowned. "Why would he want to resign?"
"To the Red Room," Natalia pulled away. "It's an organization that started before Hydra but Hydra joined it and when they captured me they sent me back there to complete the training that I was given before. I escaped when I was younger and found Bucky." She added, seeing the confused look on Steve's face.
friends get that.
"I know," Natasha whispered back.
2003 - Peter is kidnapped
He went around to different states and did different shows when Phillips decided to put him in the army base.
Peter frowned and slowly walked further into the alleyway, his ears straining to hear the whispering that he had previously heard.
Steven Grant Rogers always felt like his back was heavy.
"Wow." Tony landed next to Natasha, tilting his head to look at Peter who looked exhausted. "That's new."
Except none of them were right.
"Peter's a capable kid," May continued. "He knows how to take care of himself but with this...the thought of losing him again...after everything...I know - I
May looked like she was about to cry. "I - thank you - thank you so much," she hesitated for a second before walking forward and hugging Natasha.
you and I've known May my whole life! I should be able to see her when I want to -"
Captain shot him a glare. "We were hoping you would come with us to talk."
"Come over here and find out." the words fell out of his mouth before he could stop them and they stared at each other.
"I just don't want him to be gone," Natasha whispered, a dam breaking as tears started to fall from her eyes. She was always the most vulnerable around Clint and Tony. "All I ever wanted was to be a mother - a
Bucky's face was pointed and blank but he nodded. Peter peeked his head out again, wondering if he should wall climb over and watch them just to make sure they don't hurt anyone or anything.
"You suck," Peter spat out, glaring. Killian rolled his eyes and gestured to one of the guards who quickly gagged Peter.
Bruce usually stayed at the tower and he shouted something about just knocking the wizard out.
They had three left when they lost Bucky.
When Tony came back, he looked like he was in shock. But he cleared his throat and got everyone's attention.
The Widow laughed. "Yeah. You recognize the name?"
"Let's go!" He said and grabbed Steve's arm, pulling away from Central Park and to the abandoned docks on Long Island Sound.
Official Timeline:
Tony nodded.
me anyways,"
"Yes," Natasha smiled a little. She liked FRIDAY. "First off, call me Natasha,"
"Shit-Peter, cover your ears-" Peter did as he was told. "Shitshitshit-okay. Okay. We got this-right J?"
Tony pushed the huge stack of papers on the table from down in the lab at him. "Here's my resignation."
The golden feathers spread into white feathers. He flapped them gently and they didn't make that much of a sound. Steve guessed that they were owl wings as owl wings were made to be silent.
"Yes she did," FRIDAY replied. "You and Miss Potts fell asleep out on the balcony tonight and she had to leave to meet her family out in Manhattan."
Peter jumped when Harry's hands were suddenly on his shoulders and began to drift down.
before."
"Neither is Pietro but he's like my brother!" Peter shouted. Pietro looked surprised but Peter was too angry and upset to even notice. "I barely even
"Already on it, sir." JARVIS sounded worried as well and Steve grabbed an ear-comm, taking the stairs to the garage.
Phil frowned for a brief second before sighing and pointing at Peter. Black Widow whirled and Peter shrank a bit, slightly scared at the amount of anger that was radiating off of her.
The kid sighed. "I said back off." Faster than Steve could see, the kid was suddenly right up in Artie's face, giving him a look that if looks could kill, Artie would be a pile of ash. "Got it?"
Tony went beet red. "Really?"
Sam, Clint, and Pietro were consoling Wanda as best they could. Vision-her boyfriend-was dead for good and he couldn't come back. T'Challa was there standing next to them, standing over them like a guard-especially near Sam.
~~~~~
Mr. Osborn.
"No!" Peter cried back. Natasha threw him a look and Peter winced. "I - I mean yes but -"
Saint Anne-Marie's (Harley secretly doubted that there was an actual saint called Anne-Marie) had three levels, plus an attic and a basement. The basement was usually never used though, therefore never cleaned so nobody went down there.
"Peter?" Peter and Harley turned to see MJ and Ned walking up. MJ was sipping her own drink and Ned held out a smoothie for Peter and his card. Peter took both and smiled.
Peter groaned. "Yeah, you're probably right."
"Already on it." Mr. Stark nodded. "Unless you wanted to help out kid?"
Steve looked up and felt his wings flutter.
," Clint sighed dramatically. "This is such good blackmail material!"
He gave it to Pepper instead, promoting her to CEO.
(He asked Bruce-the only Avenger that knows that he has and can see wings-and Bruce agreed to his assumption).
But currently, it was New Year's Eve and Natasha was looking at her file on Peter. She had been searching the internet non-stop for 12 years now, going on 13, and she wasn't about to stop.
The word caught his attention and Peter startled, unsticking for a moment. Peter let out a small squawk and leapt over to the other building and crawled ontop of it to look st the group. It was five men and another man a few feet from them.
But the thing is, Harley didn't want to live on his own. He knew a lot, a lot more than someone his age should know-and he was smarter than most people. His IQ was higher than some of the smarter scientists in history. But he was smart enough to admit that he didn't know everything. Including how to live life on his own.
"Is this Peter?" Pepper...Pepper
He threw off his covers and yelled loudly, surprised and afraid. He felt his wings beating up a storm, desperately trying to relay that they were scared-they were terrified-
There was only one time that didn't happen and that's when he met Bucky.
" Peter felt like he was about to rip his hair out. "Jesus - Bucky - what the
Iron Man became a Secret Identity outside of SHIELD.
Tony sat back, swallowing as they drove away from the street. He looked out the window and found himself smiling.
"Lilia," the bald man from before walked in, and gently pushed her. "I promised our boy an explanation and he's going to get one." the woman - Lilia snorted but walked away.
terms."
"I -" Peter looked thrown and weak and she had to lift him up and hold him in order for him to stand properly. There was some sort of substance on the rope and she realized it must have been some sort of poison on it.
"Soul wings." Thor repeated. "They represent one's soul. Their personality." He frowned. "I thought everyone knew that."
Thor didn't listen or didn't hear because he kept racing after Tony who was racing farther and farther away.
"Hey there Spidey," he was leaning against the side of the wall and glancing around. "Heard what you said to that gal - pretty sound advice."
"Really?" He chuckled. "That's cool."
"Talk to him." Bruce, who hadn't spoken much since any of this happened, finally spoke up. "Just...explain how you're feeling..."
"Oh that's what he was complaining about," Steve heard Natasha say as Tony recovered and leapt at him, yowling. He tried to crawl up Steve like he was a tree, yowling insistently the whole time.
"I just can't go down this road." Tony tried. "We're - I mean I'll just head back, you guys can go that way, I can hitch a ride back there -"
"What?" He frowned.
1.8k words
Everyone froze in the room and Natasha looked at him, frowning. "Your...your my son. I just - you're living here now that you're back."
Natasha nodded.
Tony screamed through the gag and fell to his knees. He sucked in a deep breath as Killian removed the shot from his shoulder.
"Everything!" Peter laughed as Harley shouted, "Nothing!"
"I should be the one that's sorry," Steve said bitterly. "He was your boyfriend and I couldn't save him-"
"Looks like our experiment payed off," a new person - another woman - walked into his vision, smirking while playing with a knife. Peter glared harshly at her.
"Hmm," the security guard hummed but gave Peter his badge with his name on it. Frowning, Peter left the area and jogged after his friends where the tour guide was introducing himself and his assistant.
Tony smiled. "Yeah. It does. But it can wait kid. You've got friends over - go have fun,"
"Okay whatever dork," MJ took it and they walked into the cafe.
Natasha smirked. "I guess your right, huh?" She looked over at Mr. Stark. "So, I'm assuming that we're going to start the progress of you living here, which means Peter will need a room."
cold -
Pepper just chuckled and patted Tony's head which shut him up for a moment in which he blinked and then went back to snapping and hissing following her as far as he could go on the counter.
"It looks like...he's got a loft going on." Natasha leaned back, impressed. "Wow."
and talked along the way. Harley had moved back here for an internship with surprisingly Stark Industries. His mom had stayed in Tennessee so Harley was living with his grandparents in New York.
"Ahhh, that'll be too good to be true," Tony trailed off, sighing. He looked over at Natasha. "So, what'd you two talk about?"
"Ah, uh what?" Tony scratched the back of his head, still looking surprised and blinking.
Agent Nick Fury from the Strategic Homeland Intervention Enforcement and Logistics Division told Pepper to tell Tony that Iron man was apart of the Avengers Initiative.
Harley laughed and threw himself into a hug and Peter hugged Harley back. He hadn't seen Harley since fifth grade and god, Harley
Steve woke up with a pressing weight on his chest. Groggily, he panicked for a moment before propping himself up and remembering what happened last night. He looked down at Tony who was still on his chest.
Harry gave him a disgruntled look. "God Peter, you're not going to say
"I think she's telling the truth." Natasha said finally. "There's nothing that says she isn't. She sounds concerned about Peter and appalled at the idea that she had a kidnapped child."
Steve went back to scribbling, not knowing what to do next when Tony rounded the bed and came into his view. "What do you think about getting a cat?"
"- has a folder on her dead son, I can't help but sneak a peak," Tony finished. Natasha's jaw tightened. "Tash. Listen for a second okay? We're both shit at talking at our feelings so I'm not going to pretend about this but I'm going to do my best. He's dead okay? There's no way - there's just no way. You and I both know that,"
The Avengers had found some maniac genius trying to prove that he was as good as Tony Stark by creating a 'suit of armor around the world'. Unfortunately for the Sokovian, his project backfired and his 'suit of armor' was now trying to kill the world.
His hands instinctively reached out and grabbed an arrow as he landed against a building a few feet away. Peter stared at the arrow, knowing that it came from Hawkeye who was hiding somewhere.
“Gone? What do you mean by ‘gone’? He wasn’t at the saloon? You don’t think something’s happened, do you? Have you found a note or something…?”
“Yeah, you know what? I’m just gonna … go to the snacks, work off some hunger,” Tony explained, already drifting away, and for a moment, he thought he saw a shadow pass over Hammer’s face, saw that foolish smile falter.
“Oh, you two got acquainted?” said Tony, who had maintained the same light tone throughout the conversation. “You know, then, that Obie organized to have you killed if I didn’t leave with Scarface and Monobrow?”
“We only need one proof,” he kept saying. “Just a document about a paid murder signed up by him, a sworn word by a witness, a whistleblower—
“To dance,” replied Bucky, who raised his hat higher on his forehead with a finger, making eye contact with a lady. “S’cuse me.”
“It is official, then?”
Tony crumbled the leaf to shreds in his fist, walked up to Rhodey and placed a hand, cautiously, on the small of his back. He took it as a good sign the body underneath was not shaking.
“Briefly. I didn’t see him, though. I was busy with a patient downstairs, but when I came up, all his stuff was gone—well, most.”
“Your father was one of the wisest men I’d ever known,” he sighed. “In private life, as well as business. I’ve seen the will, Tony. Stark is yours. Howard would not have left it to you, if he did not believe you capable.”
Trashing, suffocating, Tony clawed at the arm at his throat; it was pressing his bowtie into his windpipe, a ball of silky fabric that did not feel so soft anymore, inches from crushing his airway, and his brain was flooding with white-hot light, all perception waning: his erratic heartbeat drowned, distant shouting, everything fading…
This was one of those uncomfortable things Scott seemed to have a habit of saying and which made Steve feel a strange mixture of humbling embarrassment.
“Correct, sir, in a week. It’s when I often bring flowers to the mausoleum, so you must forgive me for not writing back right away. I was at first unwilling to break the tradition.”
“Does Mr.
“Yes, your husband.”
But Steve was impervious to this amendment. Rounding his desk, he plucked the card from Bucky’s hands pointedly. “See you tonight.”
Once in the grounds, having passed under a decorated ranch gate, they still seemed none the nearer. Steve could see several buildings now, nestled between the two steep hills: the stables, cowhand housing and a small chapel. They rode a short way with just the wind passing thought whipping their hair and the horses’ manes. It dried the murky river water lingering on them, leaving behind streaks of white.
“Him?” Steve asked, and at her bemused expression, became frustrated. “You said, him.”
Either by the former occupant or by Jarvis, somebody had filed everything carefully into the bookshelves, desk drawers and leather-bound files. Looking at it all, Tony hardly knew where to begin: every sheaf of official paper seemed to harangue him about what was either around the corner or way, way down … he looked at the bell and fought the urge to ring it…
A scullery maid opened a window, letting steam from the kitchen billow out, bringing with it the scent of food down the sloping lawn. Something tickled Tony’s memory.
“Stark Industries.”
“Always thought there was something fishy about that fella,” said the shorter of the men, well into his bottle of beer. “Invited him to poker once, for the fourth time maybe, said he didn’t have the money. Eh? Now, where would he get clothes like that from?”
“How was your trip, gentlemen?” Pierce inquired, as he started to lead them past the queues. “Not too wearisome?”
“Let’s leave the speculation to a time when we’re better informed,” said Stone, whose glasses glittered in the light trickling in from the hall; the electricity was back.
“Hank will mope, but he will get over it,” said Ms. Pym with indifference, and then continued suspiciously, “Where is the bull?”
“And I’m going to be with
Deep at one end, shallow and crumbled at the other …. and the rainy morning had eased their job and had gathered the water where the ground was packed densest: at the crescent shape skimming the edges.
“Help me up,” he said, reaching out a hand.
Steve, who thought this a refreshing way for Bucky to taste his own medicine, only huffed and settled not to challenge the term.
In reply, Sharon extended both her arms and left Steve no choice but to take them and escort her into the throng of dancers. Her real intention, however, was to talk to Steve away from the rest of the deputies. She waited until they were positioned in the middle of the floor and the band and the ruckus of steps drowned them out, then took Steve by the hand and said, very seriously, “No word of Tony?”
There were portraits and other adornments littering the wall. He dived and ripped off a sword from a crest and held it high in front of him. He begun to walk closer to the door, blade first, and reached out to push the door open with a fingertip—
Tony lifted his head from his palm, opened his eyes and stared at the drawing room as though expecting to find the footprints of the shooter in either of the corners by the credenza that held the tray Obie had emptied…
Then he went very white. That was all the warning they got before the man went down like a puppet with cut strings and Steve had to rush to save Jarvis’ head from the sharp edge of his desk. Down on the floor, cradling the limp, ashen-faced man, Steve shared wide-eyed glances with his friends.
“And how would you describe your relationship with him, then?”
Steve squeezed his wrinkly hands. “I promise.”
“Sheriff!”
“You’re not in America anymore, Mr. Stark,” he said dangerously. “You might be man of the world, but you should not let wealth lull you into a feeling of false immunity.”
“Of course,” said Pym bracingly, “but then again, you don’t have a choice, do you?”
