The boy opened up the book and clasped his hand over his mouth. The pictures were all in black and white. His pops was wearing a military uniform and there were pictures of him kissing a really pretty woman.
“your mom wants you to spend them on the mainland, where house care is close by in case of an emergency. besides, she wants you to get settled in ahead of the semester and not rush into anything right now.”
“bucky and i coughed our way through them when we were sixteen and i’ve hidden them beneath a floorboard ever since.”
oh no, suddenly tony’s vision blurred and he felt about to pass out. and coming to think of it, he hadn’t eaten yet and it was late in the afternoon. “hey, do you know what time it is?”
the billionaire was already drowsy before their dinner arrived, but after eating, he fell asleep against steve's chest within minutes.
“maybe you should stop drinking,” steve suggested subtly to tony when his glass was filled up for the sixth time. “how are we going to get home?”
dinner went well; howard and maria loved steve and tony was over the moon about it. coming to think of it, steve could have been howard’s friend just as well.
“he was such a beautiful toddler,” andrew started in admiration. there were uncountable prints of tony running around in diapers, then naked, and then with undies.
the blond man cried for a few minutes while tony sat there, looking at his face and not saying a word. steve thought this so unfair; all tony got to have was a fight for survival for hopefully twenty years and he would lose no matter what. the teenager deserved the world, that was for sure.
and tony, with his sober way of speaking and mature world view did tickle something in him he hadn’t felt in a while. and in all fairness, to steve’s knowledge tony had to be at least eighteen or nineteen.
“of course, whatever you need,” the counsellor said with a clear voice and no undertone, then pulled tony’s hand from his mouth and intertwined his fingers with the boy’s, placing the two hands in his lap.
“wasn’t a question stevie,” bucky laughed and tony joined him as he watched his boyfriend’s ears turn red.
“who’s your dad?” bucky asked. wow, steve really hadn’t told bucky a thing but again, it seemed like the man was just respecting his privacy.
“steve. nothing has happened, nothing will happen without my consent. and besides, howard doesn’t give a shit about who i’m doing.” he stepped closer to steve and put his hands on his broad shoulders. “nothing has changed besides the fact that you thought i was a few years older.”
back at the tower, tony called up his friends who were spending spring break in his family’s beach house in florida to see if everything was going well. he would have liked to go too, but knowing that the few days after he got off meds could always be weird, he decided to go back to new york. it was where his favorite workshop, his favorite restaurants and his favorite emergency doctors were, just in case.
“i called my parents, told them i needed them to be parents for a bit.” steve’s eyes filled with tears of hurt and sympathy for the boy sitting on his lap. “i asked them if they could stay with me for a few days,” tony explained. “amazingly, they dropped everything and flew in that night.”
“i met howard in college and we’ve been friends ever since. tony and i see each other a lot in the summer. we’ve been vacationing on the yacht for years now.”
It had been three weeks since Peter had overheard his parents' argument, and he felt the need to save their marriage, although there was nothing to save as the two were reconciled and happy with each other.
the kid wrote perfectly good grades for the first few weeks of the semester, and he even shot a few smiles at steve when he saw him in the hallway. it didn’t seem to matter much to tony, he was way too busy with university.
“tony?” the nurse called him to his oncologist’s office. she never said his full name, the media would simply blow up if people knew who he really was.
howard took care of the laundry and put fresh bedsheets on. then he put tony back to bed and upon his wish lay down with him.
“do you like to cook?” steve asked, ready to bite down the butterflies that were fluttering up his throat like bile. cooking just sparked something in him, the thought of a man smaller than him wearing one of his button ups and making a beautiful meal.
the teenager looked down at steve’s crotch, where he saw him bulging against the fabric of his jeans. “can i take care of this?”
tony was so nervous he had to tell them right then. “mom, dad,” he started and howard’s eyes lit up. the teenager decided he would start using that word to address his father again. “there’s something i need to tell you.”
tony shrugged in response. “i’m not sure. i never was homesick even at the boarding school in switzerland. and i lived there for three years.” steve decided he’d have to get back on that one.
“don’t apologize,” tony said softly. he was used to reactions by now but that one moved him too. steve really cared about his skinny balls. “may i?” the boy asked and upon steve’s nod pulled the grey shirt he was still holding over the man’s head.
the blond slowly placed his book back on the bedside table. "hey tones, come here," he said but tony didn't move and so steve palmed the back of his boyfriend's head and used his other hand to come closer to him. then he pushed the man's face into his chest, hugging him close.
“your pill babe,” steve brought to tony’s attention when they were settling onto the couch with pizza.
tony lay down at the front of his yacht in only swimming trunks and napped for a bit while steve and bucky took up some sort of swimming race because both were unbelievably fit.
tony sat back down and took himself into his hands. then he did take care of himself, and when he was done spluttered all over steve’s beautiful torso.
“sure, why not?” then steve told him he’d be surfing every day this week, and that tony should just come by when he wanted to and they’ll exchange phone numbers then.
“and that’s something to tell people too! your dad is howard stark for god’s sake. he’ll get me killed if he finds out about us.”
He diverted his attention back to the screen, where his Pops had hung up the phone and was now covering his mouth with his hand, tears falling from his eyes.
it was weird how his father, one of the leading scientists of the twenty first century, didn’t even try to understand what tony was going through, and how he couldn’t factually realize that tony’s chances of surviving his father were low; howard was 36.
tony spent the break between his last undergraduate and his first graduate semester at his family’s mansion in hawaii. howard and maria even showed up, for christmas at least, and rhodes flew in some time between christmas and new year’s.
and so he waited for the feelings and dreams and daydreams and flutters to go away by themselves, and he kept busy from the beginning of the semester. he liked seeing tony in the hall every now and then.
howard didn’t know what to say because he couldn’t exactly pretend for this to be a natural thing he’d do. and when tony opened his eyes next, howard’s were full of tears, making the teenager’s heart rate pick up on speed. “what’s wrong?”
it was a few minutes later that the rogers, steve’s sister pam and her husband jim along with their two kids sat down for dinner with their new guest tony. tony hadn’t been able to ‘save’ the sauce, he’d started from scratch.
three more lecturers came to talk to steve about tony that week, and the man watched his boyfriend almost fall asleep throughout the whole time, and when he was watching the screen up ahead, tony’s glance was distanced and his eyes glassy.
the man wasn't used to seeing tony fall asleep at nine in the evening, but given that his boyfriend had been working so hard, it came as no surprise to him really.
tony spent the reminder of the spring break week mostly at the rogers’ place or walking together with steve.
how could 25 year old steve, who was of age and independent and earning money be going back to a loving mother while tony saw his parents maybe three or four times a year for a prolonged period of time? so he distracted himself until he fell asleep early. he was going to meet steve for coffee the next morning and that’s all he put his mind to.
howard was distant, as if thinking his presence or touch could break tony easily, which with his 100 pounds seemed fair. but the billionaire did hug his son a lot more than before.
“it’s fine stevie, andrew will fly us out in his chopper and there’s someone aboard who can take the yacht back,” the boy shrugged like it was the most natural thing and after steve had heard all of the conversation that afternoon, he accepted it without much of a surprise.
“well you dr. rogers are fucking gorgeous,” tony declared and leaned in to kiss him. “tell me what to do,” tony commanded.
tony returned back to the now from his memory. he still felt good about that night despite what had happened and despite the fact that he was already in college when it did. maybe it had been some sort of late childhood experience he’d needed in order to heal some of the pain he’d suffered during his autonomous childhood. he hadn’t felt that lethargic ever since, but his parents would likely be there when he would, and now so would steve.
andrew did as tony had told steve he would and dropped the group of three off in his chopper after they had a staff member of the laura go ahead to get tony’s yacht back to the marina.
“that’s a big one,” pepper commented tony’s energy drink and he shot her a tired smile. “off the meds,” he stated, and she rubbed the boy’s shoulder.
Peter sat down on the couch again, looking at a book about quantum physics that had been lying on the couch table. In reality, he was just waiting for his Pops to emerge from the room and maybe sneak in there to look what he'd been looking at.
considering how quiet the table was while they were eating, tony couldn’t be more proud of what he’d whipped up.
“300 tanks and enough ammo to blow up the surface of the earth,” andrew laughed heartily and tony gulped down more champagne because steve and bucky were right there, and they must have been freaked out. “three billion dollars.”
“no, i’ll grab something after. it’s better to have a blood check when you haven’t eaten in a while.”
about halfway through the semester, steve was hit up by a human factors prof to do an introduction to psychology block in his class and upon seeing tony on the student list he took the offer immediately.
the bruises on tony’s back weren’t too bad at that moment. his ribs were a bit protruding and most of the bruises formed their outline a little for even lying down in one position for too long could get tony to bruise.
howard had gotten mad and maria had cried when tony explained that he hoped he would never have to be worked into stark industries, and that they better find someone else to take over.
“i’m confused and i’m not sure about what yet. i’ll tell you when it hits me,” steve smiled and tony climbed on top of him, head on his chest and their legs intertwined.
“i’m glad you guys had fun. i loved coming to college to wake up from that world. here you’re not a loser for driving a bentley because you can’t afford a rolls,” tony chuckled.
“i’m maria,” tony’s mom approached steve and hugged him right away, just like sarah had hugged tony when they’d first met.
maria was drunk, her breath smelled of too much martini and vodka. besides that, she was unable to talk about anything other than business.
tony was welcomed into a warm kitchen that smelled a little burnt, with a boy and a girl running around chasing a dog and an elderly woman sitting at a table visible through the door.
steve brought dinner for tony when he came over later that night, but the teenager was feeling sick and all he could think of was finish those papers. he hated writing papers, they were so much more work to him than simply writing an exam. he wasn’t complaining though, he was definitely still a lot more efficient than his classmates, but he was also looking at a lot of formatting work.
“i’ve been sleeping in the guest room but you can sleep there and i’ll have the couch,” steve suggested when they were done brushing their teeth.
tony woke, but he was still sort of asleep against steve's shoulder. "m... watch," tony said. he'd been asleep for over an hour but he was so exhausted he couldn't get himself completely awake.
Peter was over the moon about it, excited to become the ringbearer to the wedding and have a picture perfect family.
"Is what because of you, Peter?" Steve asked, confused and sat down next to the boy before spotting the photo album in his lap. "Oh, you found the album," Steve stated.
"I do stevie but I've never told anyone about my problems before and this is so new." tony's eyes were already filling with tears again and he hated himself for it. he was being manipulative without wanting to.
“he’s howard stark’s son ma, they own the big stark building down in manhattan.” the world didn’t really know much about tony, that’s the thing his parents did well in the teenager’s opinion.
What the little boy did not hear that night was the reconciliation talk that his pops and dad shared.
He heard Pops' phone ring over the speakers of the TV and stood up, taking a step closer to the screen.
when the butler returned, tony switched seats with andrew so that the man could show steve and bucky the album.
“triple please,” tony said and sat back against the lean of his chair, closing his eyes until steve would be back.
To Peter, it didn't occur that those pictures were over 60 years old. Granted, they had decided to wait to tell the boy who his pops really had been before he'd ended up in 2005 New York.
tony took care of steve’s erection while digging his fingernails into the man’s back. steve himself was pulling tony’s hair like they were a handle.
“we’re on our way to aruba, isn’t that right babe?” the millionaire laughed and slapped the girl’s tan thigh, nodding towards behind him where tony realized a huge yacht had anchored not far from his. “this is holly, by the way. holly, that’s tony stark, howard’s son.”
tony’s driver dropped steve off at his mother’s apartment building after a fantastic circuit around the city.
steve was still holding tony like a baby, and now that the man was doing better, it felt weird to tony. he lifted himself out of the man's lap and scooched back against the head lean of the bed, thankfully leaning into steve's side when the man sat down next to him.
instead he placed his hands on the teenager’s shoulders and slipped down the mit hoodie tony was wearing, letting it fall to the floor once it was off. tony wore a white shirt underneath that steve slipped up after he wiped his face clean.
“so what are we doing today?” steve asked, going over to the coffee machine to make himself and tony a cup. it was sunny and summery warm outside for the first time that year and tony had planned in a day for not doing school work anyway, so they were all practically open to anything.
“did they think you were homesick?” steve wondered because from how tony’s relationship with howard and maria seemed, this didn’t sound like a typical thing in their relationship.
steve walked over with all his things and sat down opposite tony in the sand in order to put on socks and a pair of sneakers.
this was fair… usually if people start dating they don’t decide to become something serious within two days and after two unofficial dates right? the teenager nodded his head. “yes, okay you’re right. i’m sorry i didn’t tell you.”
tony always wore his distinctive white fleece jacket over everything, ashamed of the bruises all over his body but also cold as shit most of the time. james lay out in the sun with the smallest of swimming trunks one could find, and returning from a swim he even brought in two girls that were probably as old as he was, four years older than tony.
Steve gave Peter's hand a squeeze and then let it go to place the ring on Tony's finger as well. They shared their first kiss as husband and husband and if Peter's eyes were wet before, they were a river now.
bucky took tony’s bags from steve at the door of their apartment while steve ran back down to the car to get the rest of his own things.
Finally, the moment came in which Pepper tapped the little boy's thigh and handed him the pillow with the two metal rings on them, vibranium or something. Peter thought it was majorly cool that they had made rings out of the same material as Pops' shield.
“i don’t know,” tony lied because he couldn’t possibly tell this story about his first treatment two years ago:
“alright class, that’s it. if you have any questions leading up to the exam, you can email me or come by during office hours anytime.” steve said when the bell rang class out. “oh and anthony, may i see you after class?”
On the big day a few months later, his dad's assistant Pepper took Peter under her wings in the morning before the ceremony, while his fathers had brunch together.
the night was perfect; the meds didn’t make tony as tired as they would usually and he even felt energized enough to take a shower before bed. little did he know that steve would slip in there before he could finish.
"why didn't you tell me?" the hurt was obvious in steve's voice and tony felt so stupid right then. steve was so compassionate, he hadn't wanted to hurt him with his silence. it's not like this was embarrassing or anything. "I thought you trusted me."
the situation was driving him crazy. he was a teenager, he couldn’t goof around with someone and not expect sex very soon. and him and steve felt so… homey.
tony spent the majority of the afternoon working on the drone again. he didn’t make big advances and napped for a few minutes every time he got too tired.
“yeah, got an apartment right after i didn’t have to stay on campus anymore.” things weren’t looking up for tony, he’d barely managed to climb into steve’s pick up truck. thankfully the beautiful blonde didn’t realise for he was busy securing the surfboard at the back.
steve mentioned to tony that he’d spent the first part of the break with his ma and sister and her family back home in new york and had then enjoyed boston quiet of college students for a few weeks.
steve and bucky were beyond excited when tony gave them their little tasks for the day out on the sea. they anchored about an hour after leaving the marina and the two men decided to go for a swim.
tony was typing something on his phone, assuring pepper he was okay to be exact, when steve entered wearing only a pair of black boxers.
steve sighed as he rubbed his temples. “yes you are tony but… it’s weird. if you had more experience or were a bit older or able to drive-“
“well tony is… special. he’s only just getting to know his parents. they sent him off to boarding schools for most his life and he started out here before he was diagnosed.”
“yeah, some people just win at life, am i right?” the teenager said and put his head against his boyfriend’s chest. there was no sarcasm in his voice which steve would have expected. tony was serious about it, not looking for pity about his illness.
and he knew that for him, appetite worked like a muscle; the more he ate, the more he was able to eat if his cancer didn’t interfere with it too much.
hey, I'm finally back. I had two finals that each were worth 18 credits so I literally couldn't even think about this story until now, but I'm finally back :)
“yeah. i’m sorry i’m just pitying myself,” tony wiped a few more tears that seemed to be flowing freely now that steve was here, and he hated himself for it. “it’s no big deal.”
Peter's body shook in excitement while he sat in that last row and the pastor talked about love and acceptance. It was a small wedding, maybe 70 people at most, invited were only family and a few friends of Peter's parents, some of them really old which Peter didn't quite understand but he nevertheless enjoyed talking to all of them.
“she figured, we’re flying out to boston and she’ll stop by when she’s got a meeting with the board next week.”
"You are so much more than my husband's son Peter, you are my heir and my future and I cannot wait to continue watching you grow. You are one of the best children I have ever come across, so passionate and caring and loving and considerate of your surroundings." Steve used his thumb to wipe away a tear that had fallen onto Peter's cheek.
“that bad huh,” tony said and looked away. he was not going to get hurt at this. he didn’t even know steve. it was not the man’s problem that tony felt like this was how people felt meeting the loves of their lives.
“no no, my boyfriend and his best friend are racing somewhere around here, they should be back soon.”
“please, call me howard or i’ll have to call you dr. rogers,” the man smiled and tony’s heart lightened.
steve had told tony intently about bucky. a man who had ripped steve’s heart apart by not being gay. a man who had been his best friend since the first day of pre-k. from what steve had told him, the world would be a better place if everyone had a bucky. not even that did tony have.
“you okay?” the kid asked and regretted it right away because steve looked like he might cry once again.
steve didn’t say any more which came as a relief to tony. there wasn’t much one could say to make things better; although a counsellor, steve tried not to let his exceptional knowledge of the human mind get into his personal relationships. maybe later on, when tony explicitly told him to but not right then.
“i’m a counsellor at the engineering department at mit,” steve said nonchalantly because honestly, while in any other place of the world this was a right to brag, he felt like a towel boy on the yacht.
steve stayed at tony’s apartment most of the week, and he would for longer after howard and maria were going to leave that friday afternoon.
and he noticed steve’s shift in body language too, and it felt weird because steve had to be at least seven years older than tony and yet the teenager’s heart was beating loud at who he saw in front of him.
and then he pulled tony into his chest, enjoying their skin to skin contact with love rather than lust.
“wow, didn’t take you long to ask,” tony laughed. they had only just gotten on the highway up north. he’d promised bruce however that he would make sure he was taken care of, and he didn’t exactly want to stay away from steve for four weeks. “okay. i am only telling you this because i’m too tired to think clearly.”
“please tell me you have pictures,” bucky laughed and andrew joined him, nodding. he ordered one of the butlers to grab the photo album of the summer when tony was about to turn three, then put out his cigar.
“that’s besides the point,” steve said although it really wasn’t. “it feels wrong. have you even had sex with a man? have you had time to explore your sexuality?”
steve was surprised to see a single tiny trembling frame at the beach when he returned from a wind surf session.
“i always thought sick kids were more kid. like, obviously mature in some aspects but more dependent on their parents.”
tony noticed that steve was looking at him with interest sometime during their much too touchy talk for his liking, and upon that he started to speak more slowly, directing most of steve’s attention to his mouth and hair.
when the two of them came back to school, things sadly regressed to how they were before spring break. and this time it wasn’t about a silence between the pair but because they both had trouble making time for each other.
Then, the screen turned black. "I think you have seen enough, young sir," Jarvis said and Peter wondered whether it was even allowed for him to do that.
“so stephanie is steve?” maria asked and upon tony’s nod got up and walked around the table to kiss the top of his head and hug him. “how is he?”
“i- no. i’m just protecting you. i’m trying to give you time,” steve explained in all honesty as he guided tony to the guest room.
it was an odd thing to see, a boy doing calculus while sitting in his dad’s lap wearing diapers but steve loved it. it was so adorable he could have squealed. he asked andrew if he could get copies of the pictures he loved the most, and was promised to receive them in the mail a week later.
steve breathed a mental sigh of relief with the thought that tony must at least be 21 then. and tony was relieved to be saying that because steve now definitely thought he was old enough to have a good time.
“you know what would be really good right now?” tony asked the blonde and sat down on the windowsill. “a cigarette.”
the boy thought about steve constantly, no matter how many drinks he had. he wanted to do steve the favor of losing his man virginity but he couldn’t do it emotionally. it felt like he was cheating on the counsellor whenever he talked to a beautiful frat boy. it’s also not like one of them could go against steve in any sense of physicality or maturity. he did have sex with a few girls though. they were all one night stands however; he wanted to stay free for steve.
tony took his time to pack up after class and left his backpack on the desk when the last person had left the auditorium, going after them in order to lock up the only door in the room.
“yeah,” steve responded. when bucky had gotten up before to change into sweats, tony had told his boyfriend that he could tell him about his cancer when the timing was right. he didn’t want bucky to see him bleed buckets from his nose or throw up for an entire day or pass out in the middle of a room without knowing it wasn’t his own fault. “tony has a rare form of leukaemia. well, it’s rare for people his age. it’s called chronic lymphocytic leukaemia.”
tony's lips were wine and strawberries and chocolate. and the kiss wasn’t even tinted by the boy’s age which steve had thought it would be.
“yeah,” the boy nodded. “not all there is though. and there was a girl on hawaii before him too.” tony went into detail because for one, he wanted his parents to know he liked girls too, and for the other he wanted to let them know he’d lost his virginity so they wouldn’t come with talks about it.
steve was barely able to close his mouth upon being shown around tony’s luxury penthouse. the teenager lived right at the waterfront in a two bedroom apartment. however, space wise he would’ve had enough for 7 rooms. his walk in closet was the size steve’s entire room was in the apartment he shared with bucky.
that class was uneventful for the teenager, while sometime in the middle steve told his students to quietly discuss a topic while he walked to the restroom where he began to cry once more. his dad had died of cancer when he was a young boy, and it brought all these memories back he couldn’t control. he could smell the hospital room he’d spent most afternoons in, see the bald head and dull eyes and what not.
so the teenager showed up at steve’s mother’s apartment a half an hour later, telling his parents he had a date and might be spending the night out.
thankfully steve came to the rescue. “hey addy maybe tony will help uncle stevie save the sauce and i can dance with you.” he gave the teenager a wink in the meantime.
You are so perfect Tony. Inside and out. I strongly believe I had to go under for those sixty years to be matched with you. You are wholesome and beautiful and so, so loving Tony. I don't know where I would be right now if it wasn't for you. You are teaching me how to live a life that's worth living every single day.
The people he met here stared at him with open wonder, touched his golden hair, and skimmed their ebony fingers over his golden skin unabashedly. But none would try and lift the Hammer.
“In one of our trips to the primitive Earth, he took to waving tales, so outrageous and vulgar about Loki’s conquests, about his children’s sires.”
Thor frowned as he caught the Soldier avoiding his gaze, now staring to the far end of the room to where another masterpiece sat silently. Thor approached this picture with a soft step.
He stood in front of the man in the middle of a circle of Soldiers, Asgardian and Humans alike, he sighed loudly and closed his eyes, then promptly punched a fist in the air.
“Let’s make this interesting, shall we, husband?” Thor groused, turning to lay face to face between the Soldiers thighs and place his hands on the sides of the Captains unimpressed face, caging him in and under him with a salacious smirk “One slip of clothing for round?”
He set the cross on the windowsill with trembling, careful hands and got down to his knees; it was humbling to do this, feeling like the child he had been, following his mother’s lead as they attended mass every Sunday, unfailingly.
Thor kept a cadence of passionate sucking and tender nibbles to Steven’s flesh, dragging him to the edge of mind-numbing pleasure and then gentling him back to a steady arousal that had the Soldier trembling under his hands with overwhelmed frustration, his defined hips finally losing the battle with decorum and thoughtlessly thrusting up to Thor’s eager throat, taking his pleasure shamelessly from his husband, as was his due.
“You, the United Nations, ask of me the Tesseract, an artifact more ancient than your planet, set in this planet to remain hidden from greedy warmongers, and you used it to build weapons of mass destruction… to kill each other”
The men scrambled to help as Thor stumbled toward his twice loved, thrice hated Hammer and released the animal from the hold.
Thor was awash in shame as the Master came to a halt before him and even many heads below him, spoke down to him.
Apparently Idunn apples caused flatulence in small farm animals, they had found the fact quite hilarious. Their father though…
Behind him Odin stood silently by the doorway, following his son and husband with a yearning, proud eye. Next to him the Mother of God’s pursed her lips to a thin line, following her husband’s gaze with worried, harried glances. Then the Goddess straightened and pinched the King’s bottom sharply.
“Double it says they aren’t” Natasha said, taking a sip of whatever tea she and Bruce were rasping sonnets over not a half hour ago, when the first of the thumping was heard.
Thor smiled at his charming man and shook his head “You should enjoy yourself; I will play with my nephew and I don’t believe you will be able to join”
“Will you help me break my fast, Captain?” Frandal asked plaintively, attempting to bat his lashes even with his eyes near swollen shut and purple. The man’s lust knew no bounds.
Odin nodded in understanding “Aye, I remember the feeling, I myself was a spineless fool when your mother-“
“Shhh, let me hold you” Thor whispered, lips skimming on the warm flesh of his ear, dipping his head down to his shoulder and curling over the Captain in a needy, yearning hold.
The fight with the Widow was fierce, she was skilled and struck fast and true. But Thor was a God, and even with the superior skill of the assassin, she found herself on her back every time. It was startling to hear her giggle from under him after she yielded for the third time.
“Take care, Steven!” Thor barked a laugh as Jormungandr dipped him in the water and resurged some paces away “I shall see you for dinner!”
Thor startled and felt a guilty thrill at the statement, sending the impervious Captain a sideways glance as they stood patiently for the God to continue.
Steven tutted and sighed, cutting their song short and falling to a comfortable silence. Both men relishing the feel of the other in their arms in the clearing marrow of a truly wonderful day.
Stark did a spit back and coughed in rattling surges, battling to dislodge the whiskey from his windpipes. Thor smirked and patted the man’s back and jolting smacks.
Steven pursed his lips, his head dipping and hands clasped on his narrow hips as their friends snickered childishly. “Anyways, Thor. Nat and I are just passing, we wanted to say our goodbyes before we go to DC”
Because if you think that's hard, you have know idea what I have got reserved for you guys for the main course.
“Jesus” Steve mussed, but wrote the dedicatory anyways. He’d be a married man too in a couple of days, anyways. He handed back the poster to the Archer with a smile and patted his shoulder gratefully: “Thanks for everything, Clint”
“Gently” Loki hissed, his discontent vibrating through the link as Steve’s unpracticed hands pawed at his magic. Steve nodded, or he thought he did, so distracted in that disconcerting feeling, choking in its familiarity. He could’ve sworn he…
Sif acceded with a lofty smile and they all approached the wall of equipment with an analytical eye.
“Mr. Stark” The President cut in, his tone barely concealing his exasperation and distaste “If you are going to insist on crashing this meeting, at least try and take this matter seriously, we are discussing the fate of a National Treasure.”
On this memorable occasion he had put a swift end to a long-standing feud between to delegates of Vanaheim and Alfheim, something about wine barrels and pregnant daughters; truth be told, Thor doubted even they could recall the source of their hatred.
“Have you never used a sword before?” She asked, taking his hand to correct the hold while sending Thor a uneasy glance.
“I hurt him” Thor wept, voice low and broken with bone deep sadness, Steve felt it like it was his own heart breaking.
Thor descended to unprincely giggling as Loki shot to his feet with a gasp of indignation. “I did not fuck a horse!”
. Steve pulled himself to his feet, leapt out of the room balcony and broke into a hard sprint into Asgards starry night.
He did not have time to see if the Goddess did as he asked when the beast snarled and swerved his sword out of the clasp and swiped it at Steve’s unprotected side. Only his super soldier reflexes allowed him to avoid the worst of the attack, escaping with but a scratch to his bicep. Steve stood firm between the seething prisoner and the Mother of Gods, adjusting his grip of the sword as the wound stung and healed shut before the creature’s transfixed eyes.
“The arrangements for our rooms have taken far more time than I had expected” Thor admitted, thinking back at how many hours he had spent making orders and sending out scouters to retrieve the items he wished to make the place they would live, his bit of home with Steven, just perfect.
“May the Norn’s bless you with many children” Hogun jested, placing a congratulatory hand to Thor’s shoulder, as a married man himself, his words carried a deeper meaning than the jokingly spoken tone he delivered them. And Thor could only smile all the brighter when Frandal wailed in despair.
Thor felt a deep sympathy for the man of Iron, as Steve turned his oblivious blue eyes to him with a welcoming smile.
“I must part” Thor whispered hurriedly, scurrying to the open balcony with wide eyes “Good night Steven”
“He’s probably scared that you will make a hotter groom” The Black Widow mussed to her glass, her lips curving in a coy smile as she took a dainty sip of her clear drink.
“No, that was…” Steven scratched the back of his neck, his eyes avoiding Thor’s as they walked side by side and out of the council rooms “Really swell of you to do, Thor”
Steven scoffed and pulled his hand back, his long fingers dropping to untie Mjolnir from his belt and handing the Mighty Hammer back to Thor, handle first for him to take.
And wasn’t that the problem? Steve didn’t know how much longer he would be able to smile and nod. He would break… and no one would like the outcome of that. He had never been one to pull his punches, and he didn’t like feeling cornered. He would lash out something fierce.
“You know” Tony said, entering the conference room where Captain America sat alone with his thoughts “my dad used to spout all this nonsense about you when I was a kid….” The Captain raised his soulful, searching eyes to him, and Tony struggled to keep his mind on track “About how wholesome you were, how good. I used to think it was all a sack of bull; no one can be that perfect.” Tony paused, eyeing the Captain thoughtfully “Looks like I was wrong.”
Steve’s smile started to fall before quickly recovering as he exclaimed: “Right! I couldn’t get you a proper present but, I found this on my way here from DC and well…” The Captain produced a small paper bag and next to Thor, the Widow shot a deadly look at the giggling Barton. “I know it’s too soon yet, and it’s probably a long way due but…” Steven shrugged his wide shoulders, looking at the pair from under his feathery gold lashes “It reminded me of you”
The All Father smiled patiently at his irate son, turning to gaze upon the room filled with their people and family “Tell me Thor, what do you see?”
“Steven!” The God cried in alarm, shooting forward to hold his betrothed with startled but gentle hands.
The Soldier managed to salvage his manhood by a hair’s width, receiving a crippling blow to his inner thigh that brought him to level with Thor.
“What is this?” Thor asked, now eyeing Tony with an inquisitive gaze “Have the Captain and you fallen in discord?”
“Perhaps we can make arrangements for a proper courting until the wedding preparations are done, if they are to be thrown in this ill-fated game of yours, this is the least we can give them.”
Thor dressed again in practiced pulls of soft silk, struggling to tie the corset blindly, but ultimately, he succeeded. Giving himself a once over on the immaculate mirror in the rooms, the God nodded to himself and burst out of the bath with a wide, come-hither smirk for a frozen and gapping Soldier.
He got up and went to the bathroom, slipping out of the too tight pajama pants Clint had lent him and jumping into the shower for a quick scrub. He had slept surprisingly well last night, he had called his councilor from Clint’s land line, explained his delay and apologized profusely for standing the man up.
Pepper gasped as he hilted inside her, taking one hand off the wall and pressing it on her lower belly, as if she could feel him through the layers of muscle and soft flesh, there were he lay, hot and throbbing.
“Well fought, Captain” Stark patted Steven’s knee and parted, leaving the room in quiet contemplation.
“No, I’m not staying” Steven slurred, attempting to straighten in his bed and finding himself as weak and uncoordinated as a newborn babe. Thor patted the man back down with patient hands.
“Your father would disown you if you came out before his subjects in that gown” Frigga laughed, recalling the scenario she had found when she entered her son’s chambers, both brothers in similar silk dresses, Loki in his female persona and Thor bulging out of his corset.
The Captain dipped his head, abashed and discomfited under the attentions and Quill fought the urge to coo. And ask for an autograph… on adoption papers.
! He had not had the heart to tell Steven, the darling Captain so proud next to his ungodly concoction; listing all his troubles to obtain the right ingredients for the crust to be just crisp enough. And setting the temperature in the tiny kitchenette oven; how do you put the right settings to
That night after a silent dinner with his parents, Thor wandered the halls in a state of unease. Many problems ailed his mind and as he could not settle, he decided to solve the one that was most obvious.
Loki scoffed to the side and opened his mouth to sling a jibe to his fretting brother, but was cut short by a sharp look of his mother. The God of Mischief settled back into his seat with a sullen pout in his regal face. Frigga sighed.
He spun away after a dizzying moment of relief from Mjolnir’s wrath only to be received by a shot of lightning. Heimdall roared in convulsing waves of pain, the electricity scorching it’s way in his body, His magic curling and shriveling in his chest; he fell to his knees. gasping and blinded for a haunting moment.
The people stood around Thor as it happened, unbothered by the cold drops. They formed a circle around Thor’s shaking form and one by one, they showered him with words of love, sympathy and hope. They waited out his tempest by his side.
“It’s alright, Captain” Sam had reassured “I understand the situation is a bit tense right now, how are you holding up?”
“I never meant that” Steve defended, his face aflame as he brought the tiny cap to his chest, as if to protect it from the angry onslaught. “I’m sorry, the memo mentioned you- um- spawning and I just assumed…”
“You see, Loki is asexual” Thor said, startling the Captain with his frank statement. Perhaps he lacked the delicacy he should have for explaining this. Thor bit his lip but braved forth “He does not find, nor does he seek the pleasures of the flesh. And Frandal is, well.
Holding the Hammer high, he swung it down on the Captain, trying to intimidate the mortal to retreat. For who was he to stand and fight amongst the God’s?
“A house?” Steven gasped, eyes scrambling over the pages and up to Thor in such a hopeful, vulnerable gaze Thor felt his heart break once more “Our… House?”
The Soldier turned as his name was chanted, sighing in mock reluctance as he climbed the mat and ducked under the ropes in fluid, effortless grace. “Alright, but just one round. And sparring rules apply”
“Can they stay in my room? I have sleeping bags!” The little boy pleaded, still latched on tight to Bruce’s hand and not willing to let go.
The Captain bit his lip in deliberation, ignoring the way the God’s eyes zeroed down on the tantalizing act and finally, nodded shortly. “Ok, but don’t say I didn’t warn you”
In a moment they had leapt to each other’s arms, lips meeting in a heated attempt to convey the feelings they held bottled inside, just spilling forth into each other as Thor gripped the small woman tight to his body, and decidedly marched them both into the trailer home towards the small cot that he intended to get use of for as long as it could take, and then some more.
The man spluttered and turned to the crowd of Midgard rulers who now had a calculating gleam in their eyes that made Thor weary.
“Yes, I…” Sif started, her voice wavering and breaking for a vulnerable second before she regained her composure and declared firmly “It is no fault of Thor, much less yours.”
Tony rubbed his face, willing away his inner turmoil so he could stand and do the one thing he could still do right.
“Argh! Here, look!” Loki shifted on the bed, his magic drawn out and covering his body, shaping him to take another form. Broader and touched in gold. The mirror image of Captain America sat beside Thor with that characteristic disapproving frown the God so loved and feared. “Better?” The Captain’s voice came from those lying lips, slowly quirking into a mischievous grin under Thor’s scowling “Do you want to have a rousing discussion about truth? Honor?”
Thor quickly rose from his seat as the first blows were dealt and slid next to the startled Captain just as the chairs began to fly and was about to grasp the man’s frozen shoulder when the tavern whore that Steven had been defending sprung forth and punched an approaching drunk right in the throat.
After Thor was dragged out of Steve’s rooms like a scoundrel by a disturbingly calm and clearly practiced Guardian. Steve sat in the couch for a long time. A hand coming up to rub his jaw, his fingers taping his still tickling lips.
“No wonder you could not heal from your wound. What do you think you will gain from poisoning yourself?”
Thor’s huge head perked up like one of those Midgardian creatures, he would have waged his tail as well if he had one. “Impossible?”
“Aye, there is no point of holding a trial if the judge cannot bring justice… as I have failed to do”
“Let us test this then” Lady Sif held her daggers at the ready and slowly stalked the waiting Captain.
“You were hasty to give out that vow” She recriminated, finally voicing her thoughts after so long being kept back “You had no need to bargain his hand to the mortals” Frigga sighed sadly “I see your old thoughtless ways have not changed since you last visited Midgard”
Steven sighed and rubbed his face with trembling hands, struggling with words as he was never wont to do. Thor took the lead “Tell me Steven, before your war, how did you envision your life to be?”
“Rise my boy.” He allowed, tapping Thor’s bearded face and grinning gamely at the kneeling God “Up and go be merry with your friends. Let this old man have his rest.”
“We would only take him for a while” Gamora confessed, eyeing the Director and Heimdall in quick shifts of her dark gaze “to stall Ronan until we could retrieve the Power Stone, we never meant the man any harm”
And Steve did, he felt his real hand come up to grasp it, probably making a fool of himself for the God’s amusement. Still, all self-consciousness was drowned out as he took hold of the chain and it hit him like a train wreck.
“You will make a fine addition to this Court” Odin complimented the Captain, who smiled tightly and thanked the God graciously. Thor stayed in his chair until his father left the room. The Captain waited by the door, looking back at the God of Thunder with a confused frown as they were left alone in the Council rooms, quickly dissolving into a stunned flush as Thor stood from his seat with an impressive erection tenting his trousers and a playfully suggestive wiggle of his eyebrows.
Odin clasped a hand to the Captain’s shoulder warmly “None of that my boy, you are my family now. You may call me by my given name.”
Steven bit his lips to stop the noises that threatened to come, his face scarlet even in the dark room.  Thor could not hold it any longer, he broke.
Steven sighed softly, turning them both in a smooth twist to lay side by side, legs curled together, both so close it was hard to tell where one ended and the other began. Thor allowed himself to be maneuvered, feeling too vulnerable to argue and unwilling to be parted from his now lover’s warmth.
“Ahhhh!” Volstagg cried his victory, rising to his feet and spreading his arms wide. Steven laughed and cheered, clearly a bit more than just tipsy by the Asgardian beverage.
Thor felt a flash of heat run down his spine straight to the tip of his cock, the first twitches of interest since his coupling with Jane almost a year ago. His blood ran hot as he grinned and crouched to a ready.
Thor’s heart hurt for the man, but he could not do much. He could follow Lady Sif’s advise and ask the man, he could even imagine himself finding the Captain after the feast and asking him:
Thor shook his head sullenly “No, not this time, my friend. This is not something that could easily be forgiven, nor forgotten”
Steve woke up that night soaked in sweat. He sat up careful to not wake the slumbering, snoring God next to him and got out of the bed with feather light feet. Crossing the room to his private studio where he would stay until his heart stopped hammering.
Thor pursed his lips as shouts and cries of fury began to resonate, working hard to contain a smile as he witnessed his father give the most important people on Earth, a sounding trash talking.
Armor laid forgotten in the sand, underclothes pressed like a second skin to his chest as the God shook and doubled with harsh sobs, rubbing at his hands in violent scratches under the saltwater.
“You would think, watch this:” The Director barked with humor as he turned fully to face Thor, his expression a blank slate as he said tonelessly “Penis”
The Captain turned his blue gaze towards the God, a frightening emptiness to those darling orbs freezing Thor in his spot by the open doors.
Thor now knew of it, and was accosted by shadows everywhere he went, seeing enemies in everyone who inquired after his betrothed and cutting them short with jealous sneers.
Thor swallowed harshly, his blood burning at the admission of the shared bond; of course, Steven did not understand the deep meaning of this, the heated implications of such shamelessly shared words. But Thor did and he shifted into a straighter posture, inconspicuously taking a cushion from the couch and onto his lap as he croaked.
“You first” He jibbed and pushed her flowing red locks out of her pretty face, sending the Doctor a fleeting, pointed look. She smiled her rare, honest one and wiped her lipstick off his cheek. “We don’t want Odin to have a fit”
“Captain!” He greeted brightly, hiding his discomfort as he felt the Directors glare follow him across the room.
The General nodded, his face slack with awe as Steve commanded the men to form a front before the stairs. Steve barely startled as two grown men in catsuits joined him in the line. He nodded in acknowledgement and lifted his shield “Soldaten! Auf mein signal!”
The rainbow colored flash of the Bifrost hid Thor’s less than princely grin, though he was sure, that for a single blink of a moment, his father’s lips had curved in return.
“What has happened?” Thor bellowed, frantic in his inspection of the Captain’s integrity under so much filth “Were you attacked? Who dared harm Thor’s Betrothed!”
The Guardian blinked at the unhelpful explanation; face blank as he nodded and finally turned to walk away, his gift held in reverent hands, much to the archer’s mirthful surprise.
Thor cleared his throat and straightened under the scorching emerald gaze “I would have you stand next to me when I make my vows, if you would have it so”
Steve looked for a moment ready to fight the statement, but the fight with the Beast must have really been a close call as the Soldier deflated and bit his lips harshly, halting his protests to the truth.
She giggled adorably and butted her head to his chest, gripping at him tighter, hugging him with all her might.
Thor grinned wickedly as he lied “Yes, but that is beside the point.” Thor straightened to his full height, standing proudly as a Prince before his Kingly Father as he declared “I know what I wish to give as my courting gift to Steven.”
“Captain nice, he not treats Hulk like Hulk stupid” The Jolly Green chewed and nodded “Steve is Hulk friend”
If you haven't heard it I very much recommend you do and read this chapter with all the feels I wrote it with. The next chapters will take a bit, maybe even a week. Drama is building and plot is coming.
The next morning Thor awoke with the first rays of the breaking sun, smiling besotted at the peaceful face of his still slumbering husband; dressed in his uniform, Thor could appreciate his perfect beauty to his heart’s content, though to be true to himself. Thor could not rip his eyes away from the lovely flutter of the Captains long, feathery lashes casting shadows on his high, perfectly chiseled cheekbones.
Would anyone have heard the fall? Would anyone notice when the prickly old man failed to show for his groceries?
Steven smiled shakily and dipped his head, hiding his deep emotion at the gesture. Thor was hard pressed to stay next to his mother in face of such demure charms, but he resisted and finally called: “We shall leave you to it Master Bragi, Steven”
The Avengers and Guardians marched back to the palace for the feast, followed closely by the surviving soldiers. Thor walked quietly now besides his father, mind troubled as he saw his men limp and stagger into the golden halls. Once at the doors of the great halls where the celebrations would be had, the God of Thunder laid a stalling hand on his Father’s shoulder.
Squaring up his shoulders, back ramrod straight. Captain America strode out of the room, Avengers at his back.
They rode in silence for a long moment, the confession weighting heavy on both as they neared the designated camping site. Steven sent the somber God a soft look.
“Siren? what siren?- “ The Director asked, thrown for a second as his troubled eye met the Guardian’s unwavering gaze.
“It’s going to be ok Captain” Bruce reassured, his eyes startlingly steady and confident “We are going to figure this out, you won’t have to fight this alone”
Thor had just dragged his childhood rooms into this one, minus the bed, and now these chambers sported all manner of trophies and weapons, as well as pictures and books that he had shared and cherished with his brother in their boyhoods. Things he could never bare to part with no matter his age. The Captain clenched the God’s hand in silent gratitude for the gesture and the trust this offer extended. To have another in a place so private, so full of secrets and treasures. Thor felt more naked now than he had ever been without a stitch of cloth on. But if he had to choose anyone to share his most private self with, he could not choose one more worthy than his husband.
“I do” Tony said, his voice so low he could almost hear the truth in it. He wanted to love her more, he knew he could.
“Because you are the most powerful man on Earth” Fury declared, eye cold and unwavering “And if there is anyone who stands a chance to fight a God, it’s you”
“We will see you soon, I hope.” Barton interjected, smiling to the Captain as he extended his hand for a shake and goodbye.
“It is done” He said, catching his son’s eye and tapping his staff as a wordless command “For Asgard”
Frigga nodded thoughtfully, eyes far away and set on Steven’s doors with a heavy gaze “May it be so, my dear”
At that moment, in the silent Darkness of Asgards dungeons, The Queen and Mother of Gods stood mutely before her son’s cell, face pale and fallow.
Barton snorted “Buddy, you’re in New York! Leave the thing in Times Square for a week and you’ll have covered a third of the World’s population”
The Halls of Asgards palace laid empty in the early marrow, the halls of learning deserted as all the students rested inside the rooms, lectures being had dutifully by all Asgardian younger court. Out there, prowling silently in an incongruent match of beings, the Guardians of the Galaxy tip toed around the rooms in search of their target.
Stark’s mouth gapped as he met the chagrined and amused eyes of his teammates. Even Thor had noticed the heavy contraption Stark insisted on carrying around like a child would its blanket.
The Captain nodded curtly, gripping to his arm tighter, his soul bounding forward again in a startling strong leap, near drowning Thor with it’s presence. Loki arched an amused eyebrow at the Captain, but wisely held his tongue, concentrating on his task.
Steven took the proffered hand with a firm nod “I will run ops in a STRIKE team for Shield, and my work as Ambassador is in effect next month. You’ll be seeing a lot of me yet.”
Hey, sorry for the late update! I hope you guys enjoy this chapter, the fighting scenes are always so hard for me to write. I hope it isn't to akward. Next up, Steve says goodbye and enters Asgard.
“Come Captain, we have much to discuss” The General boasted, laying a possessive hand on his shoulder and attempting to steer him toward the looming politicians. Steve stood his ground, startling the Military man out of his fog of thrill.
Tenderly maneuvering Thor’s hand into place, the Soldier slid the golden ring onto the God’s frozen finger as he vowed “To have and to hold, from this day forward. For better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death do us part…” Steven smiled cheekily at the speechless God “And maybe a bit after that too.”
but he didn’t really want to crowd bucky during their first encounter and then steve walked in anyway.
tony nodded against steve’s chest and dozed off into one of the most restful nights of sleep he’d ever experienced.
tony took a deep breath. “they held me for a long time. they cried, i did too. was the first time i saw my father cry.” steve was a little shocked when he saw a few tears fall from tony’s eyes. the teenager didn’t seem very hung up on these things. however, it seemed like seeing his father cry didn’t even leave tony’s heart unmoved. “that night, i slept between my parents for the first time since i can think and it didn’t even feel wrong. they cancelled every single appointment for two weeks and stayed with me. they were home when i got home from school, cooked for me and talked me through my fears.”
tony’s best friend, james rhodes, picked up on how much time tony had to spare easily. they had developed a very sober way of talking about death. no, they weren’t making fun of it generally, but rhodes at least wasn’t as careful anymore. tony had all but finished with the thought of becoming an adult, because he wasn’t a fighter and he’d always said to his best friend that once he reached a stage where he wouldn’t be able to pull himself up to go to the bathroom, he was to fly him out to switzerland and take him to an assisted suicide clinic. rhodes liked to joke about the fact that while he would help him get to said clinic, he wouldn’t wipe tony’s ass, they weren’t that close.
“i sure do,” tony chuckled. “he was here last week though. i’m back on treatment for three more weeks,” the teenager informed.
“thank you kid. so, i figured that’s enough business this year. but you know howard, always working on his cover story.”
at the end of the class, tony packed up slowly very purposely, and he succeeded in being the last person in the room with steve.
“good to meet you tony.” steve took a blanket out of his gym bag and wrapped it around his shoulders before shifting into a more comfortable position. he liked to sit a little after his sessions and stare out into the sea. “so, you’re taking things slow?”
the teenager sighed in response. he knew his time had come, he wouldn’t be able to keep his illness a secret any longer.
the older man looked into tony’s beautiful chocolate eyes and his heart ached at the thought of breaking this off. of not seeing the pure soul in front of him again. “oh tony i-“ he was so distracted with his thoughts that he didn’t register the boy holding his mouth closer and closer to his, or that he pressed his lips against the taller man before he could say anything else.
tony took his first pill the next day after lunch when howard was staying with him and maria had a last meeting in the city before she’d be there full time for a week.
and when he went to sit by the beach in the afternoon, he didn’t feel ready to fall asleep or like he was freezing to death, and he thought if he could feel that way for a prolonged time, he might gain some weight back on like a few months back. the bruise on his back was healing slowly but surely.
steve surfed for just over an hour before joining tony on his picnic blanket and thankfully sipping some tea the younger one had brought.
I'm in all finals mode so sorry if I don't update that much at the moment! I'll be free again from mid june
tony had been off his medication for two weeks when he walked into the lecture hall and saw steve up front.
the counsellor rummaged through the closet next to the bathroom door and threw a harvard alumni shirt at his boyfriend. “alright, i’ll sleep next to you,” he said with a smile and stripped down to his boxers.
rhodes had taken the liberty of packing tony’s things up before showing back up at the hospital that morning. and so they went straight from the clinic to the beach to enjoy their last day on the island, tony with a month’s worth of a drug they hadn’t yet tried but that would keep the sickness at bay, hopefully.
howard wasn’t a bad father in the sense that he was mean to him. he just wasn’t really there much and he wasn’t much proud of tony because to him, his son’s achievements were standard. and tony was okay with how he was, he’d grown up autonomously until the diagnosis and that wasn’t all bad.
The seven-year-olds heart rate picked up on speed at hearing this. His dad was crying? The argument had sounded pretty bad but it must be really, really bad if Pops made dad cry over it.
“i’ve got a surprise,” tony said unsurely when steve and bucky lay down next to him. “we were invited to that yacht over there for lunch.”
“yeah?” steve asked then and tony knew he was waiting for an actual response, he needed to know that tony was there and actually wanting to take part in an act.
tony laughed. “oh my god steve.” the man was definitely way too big for them, the fabric stretched around his crotch, buzz lightyear’s face looking distorted
“oh,” steve said and stared at tony for a bit, trying to get his emotions under control but failing miserably. tony was going through this, he had no right to burden him with his tears, but he couldn’t hold them back. and steve started to cry, his hands still around tony’s back, who didn’t move in response to the tears.
as soon as steve felt how close the boy was to him, their body heats seeping into each other and tony’s soft stroking of his torso, his tears started falling again.
steve’s alarm was what finally had them settle on another coffee date the next day; he had to go home and make some dinner for his mother, sister and two nephews.
steve chuckled a little in response but stayed quiet, even when the teenager in front of him stepped closer and continued to wipe his tears to the side.
“yeah. likely won’t reach midlife,” steve whispered, his eyes filling with tears that he blinked right away.
tony felt steve stiffen beneath him. "I mean I take naps, loads of them but I just don't sleep beyond half an hour, usually. I started that shortly before we started going out."
tony fell asleep in steve’s arms that night. steve didn’t wear a thing while tony stuck with his boxers and t-shirt.
pepper potts was steve’s last appointment for the day before he’d have lunch with the starks and drop them off at the airport together with tony.
tony had steve park his car next to his lamborghini down in his area of the garage, without mentioning that the car to their left belonged to himself. he’d stayed off driving for he’d been tired a lot lately, and while he could forgive himself dying, he wouldn’t be able to face survivor’s guilt.
he couldn't say much more right then, so he turned to the side and lay there while steve turned off his bedside lamp and spooned tony from behind.
“i was fourteen and exhausted and, well, it makes you sleep. a lot. i uh… pissed my bed.” he’d whispered the last part, so steve asked him to repeat. “i pissed my bed,” tony said loudly. “my old man had to help me clean up because i couldn’t fucking move my limbs.”
Looking up, he saw Steve sprinting towards him. He must have lost his cowl some time ago. His hair was standing up every which way, there was sooth covering some of his face and his eyes were burning hotter than the dragon breath these wanna be pets were using.
Looking up at the woman, he realized she was younger than he had originally thought, which was not very surprising, she had hidden her figure and face behind a cloak – very Hogwarts of her.
Everyone always thought they had made their cells Tony proof. No one ever did. And the very few chances he hadn’t been able to break out of it – yet! – it hadn’t been Thor, Hulk or Steve proved. So, whatever.
Using both of his hands, Tony shot the slug thing off of him, before climbing out of the noticeable dent in the asphalt.
At least that time Pepper had smiled at him warmly and told him Tony would say yes the minute he would find out that Steve was trying to propose.
had less to do with the dragon-slug and more to do with the ice-cold terror vibrating inside his skull and stomach.
It was that exact moment that the door behind Luca was thrown open violently and Steve, Strangy, Nat and Clint stormed into the room, stopping with raised weapons – and shield – to stare at both of them.
“You are not kidnapped. You can leave at any time. But if you wanna live, you have to listen to me.”
Luca, who had already tears leaking out of her eyes because she was laughing so hard, almost choked.
He felt the warm puffs of air tickle his skin, felt Tony’s body shudder. Once. Twice. And hugged the genius even closer.
Thirteen hours later Steve was pacing in their bedroom. He had tried three times to meet up with Tony today and failed spectacularly every time.
“Yeah, heard you before. What does that mean?” Not that he didn’t believe in the Multiverse – and was thrilled to obviously have proof sitting right in front of him. If she wasn’t an escaped resident of coocoo-town.
“Peachy. You actually saved me form a very slow and painful death by boredom.” He leaned back in his chair, crossing his legs and smiling at the woman. As long as she didn’t try to force him to work, they could be civil.
“I… You will understand, just… okay.” She exhaled, harshly, looking up apologetic. “Your parents didn’t die in a car crash.”
“You don’t-” She stopped, her mouth closing slowly. “You don’t.” Her eyes widened almost comically, before she went pale – or paler.
“I’m-” Tony cut himself off when an alarm blared and he dropped into a dive, escaping two of the flying assholes and a curse sent his way.
After Steve had found the perfect ring and decided on the engraving, it had taken three more weeks for him to finally find his courage and ask Tony if he wanted to marry him.
Tony nodded. Sure, yeah, he was an Avenger, the former Merchant of Death and the people loved to hate him. This was nothing new. And definitely wasn’t a good enough reason to kidnap him. Actually, it was a perfect reason! If she wasn’t a coocoo-case, how high were the chances he would get away with it if she kidnapped him again in the future?
He wasn’t an Avenger just yet, not officially at least. As he didn’t want any attention on himself, they had agreed to give him a little more of a grace period. For now.
Six hours later he knew that he had been right. It was maybe the longest night he had ever to endure.
Actually there was only a very small time frame that Tony wasn’t wearing them around his neck and that was while he was showering.
Tony raised an eyebrow at that question. The woman had brown hair, grey eyes, was shorter than even Tony and looked to be in her early twenties.
“The same thing as listening to my orders. It died an ungraceful death.” Steve muttered, almost lowly enough for Tony to not hear it.
At least he had been taken after Pepper had started the meeting, so she knew it wasn’t his fault. He was kidnapped! There were at least an 80% chance this wasn’t his fault.
The first time, Pepper’s glare had sent him running (which was the smart thing to do when Pepper Potts glared at you like that if you wanted to live. And Steve wanted to live. At least long enough to know whether or not Tony wanted to marry him).
“I am…” the young woman sat up again, a blush blooming on her cheeks. “I learned some magic and started to, well, look into other worlds and found you. Another you. But that other you… he was betrayed by the Avengers and I knew I had to save him.”
Tony had to bite down hard on his tongue to not tell her that that was mostly the part where people started to say something.
Focusing more on his surroundings he sighed. Apparently, crows weren’t doing it for this Snape-cosplayer. No, why something so simple? The things obeying their every order looked like six-foot-long slugs that had sprouted dragon-fly wings, just because, and could breathe fire. Oh, and they ate humans, or at least two had already tried to eat Clint and Steve.
What was he supposed to do when Steve packed him a honest to god lunchbox so that he would be able to eat something – aside from killing Clint who almost died laughing.
“I swear to you, I told him what the Winter Soldier did. He didn’t know. And he would never betray me. He loves me!”
Being in a relationship with Steve was… different. And it was comfortable in a way no relationship had ever been comfortable for Tony. It was deliriously new and so familiar he sometimes feared he might have imagined everything.
As soon as he heard the shower turn on, Steve jumped out of the bed - where he had been pretending to read and not freak out for the better part of three hours.
Instead, he had waited until Tony stumbled into the bedroom, mumbling a tired greeting, before placing the dogtaggs onto the dresser and going into the bathroom.
“The disrespect!” Tony growled, playfully, while taking off straight into the sky, already aiming for a slug-thing that was about to fly away.
“Okay.” Tony sat back again. It seemed that other Tony had a fan. Good for him. He could have her back. Like, right now.
Dodging another fire breath shot his way, he couldn’t hold back a giddy smile. Thank fuck no one aside from Jarvis could see his face – and the AI knew Tony would actually make him work the customer complaint hotline of Hammer Tech if he
Then, of course the third attack had happened that week, putting his world domination plans in perspective. If he promised to not go all megalomaniac on the world, Steve might even allow it at least long enough to have a fucking weekend with each other without being called out to fight fucking interdimensional ostriches, weaponized hornets, those crap robots on Wednesday, this weird poet-guy or someone who might have been part of the Amish before deciding they were too progressive for him.
Watching the video the next day, Steve learned it had only been six seconds in real time. But in that moment? It had felt like years.
Tony had had plans! He would have gone to the shareholders meeting to calm Steve and then they would have had a whole day just for themselves. Bruce had a science binge planned since his boyfriend (Thor and he had started dating two weeks ago – which meant they had started dating two weeks after Tony and Steve. Which meant at least Bruce had a chance to remember the day before it happened.) was escorting his brother to Asgard and Nat and Clint would have had a meeting with SHIELD (they were right before the finalizing stage of making the Avengers independent of SHIELD. It was probably a good idea for Tony to not meet Fury on his own, come to think of it…).
“It is. I’m sorry that you had to learn about it like this, but it is better than to see the video in a bunker surrounded by Rogers and Barnes.”
Grinning, Tony swooped down, ignoring the scream of protest when he let Hawkeye fall, knowing full well he would be able to catch himself while already blasting two of those flying things that had come way too close to Nat for comfort.
But Tony had slept without nightmares, waking up with a soft smile, pressing a light kiss over Steve’s heart, before slipping out of bed.
“I didn’t- I just...” She inhaled, visibly calming herself. Taking a step back, she grabbed a chair and sat down on it, facing Tony.
Before Tony could react one of the slugs slammed into him, throwing him into the concrete almost fifteen floors beneath him.
Steve shook his head hard. No. He was fine. They would be there in less than two minutes and he would get his Tony back.
Steve would never hurt him. Hell, if anyone was going to get hurt it was Steve. And if it wasn’t Tony – fat chance – it would be the press because of Tony as soon as they found out he had defiled a national icon. And the worst part? He hadn’t!
Another reason why he wouldn’t start in New York was that he would want the Avengers to be safe long enough for them to have time to either decide they wanted to work with him (preferably, especially since he was dating Captain America and all) or give them enough openings to give them the impression he was mind-controlled so that they would try to catch him. He knew of seventeen plans they would most likely come up with to stop him. And how to counteract them.
There was also an at least 85% chance that didn’t have to do anything with Rhodey, Pepper, Jarvis and Peter. He only knew about the kid but there were good chances they had or would give Steve a shovel talk - in Peter’s case almost literally.
And Steve had been blessed enough to spend the last five years with him. Three of them as his boyfriend. And he cherished every single day.
The third time Tony had passed him, pressing a butterfly kiss to his cheek while running out of his office yelling something about carbonate.
“It is. I’ve seen it. I saw how it would end! With you bleeding on the ground and Rogers smashing his Shield into your-”
The next ten minutes were the longest Steve had ever endured. Forcing himself to sit still was almost torture. His eyes looking to the ring every few seconds.
Steve didn’t have a plan B. He had a plan if Tony said yes (cry happy tears and never let Tony go) or if he said no (hug Tony close and make sure they were okay while not crying!).
“I’ve seen it.” She looked miserable, as if she really was sorry to tell him this. “He knows since Shield fell and he didn’t tell you because he wanted you to help him find Barnes.”
“Yes, I, this is going to be… hard for you to hear, I know. I’m sorry for that. I don’t want to… I don’t want to hurt you. I mean I’m not going to hurt you, but I have to tell you and-”
Tony pressed another quick kiss to his lips, turning around and grabbed the dogtaggs to place them on the drawer. Like every night.
Shooting another blast at the still withering slug-thing, he shot back up into the sky, almost colliding with the Enchantresses' estrade cousin. Dodging another of their spells, he flew right into the middle of one of the minions breathing fire, presumably because they were freezing their slimy tales off. And why shouldn’t they, it was the end of January and still fucking snowing!.
When he turned towards the dresser, Steve moved, stepping behind him and was already kneeling down, when Tony slipped the necklace with dogtaggs and ring over his head, patting them, like he always did, and turned around.
And yes, Steve, the sentient toothbrush was a good idea. It was cursing a little much, maybe, but only if you didn’t brush your teeth right. Just get with the program!
I’m very sorry but I have to put this story on hiatus for now. The ones reading the SBTS for a while know I started struggling while writing Hydra’s Revenge and now writing for SBTS feels like a chore. I stare at the page and can’t write.
Tony froze. That they had said right into his mind. Looking up into their eyes, he saw a glimmer. Something like humour?
“Speaking of the devil!” Tony waved at Steve. “Steve, my love, tell her you actually thought I was dying again because you had forgotten about Valentine’s day!”
And as Peter was in school and Tony was fighting, so was Winter. Even if he kept back, only taking those things out he could without being too suspicious.
His heart was still beating a mile a minute. He moved a little, trying to relieve at least a little of his tension. Tony moved with him. Nuzzling a little closer to him, sighing contentedly into Steve‘s chest.
The hand on his throat must have let him go because he was falling. Not that he was paying much attention to that, he was fully focussed on not screaming while he felt his body give.
Not that he was seriously planning to take over the world. Even if that would mean the power vacuum would be filled and they could
The screams got louder, Tony knew, but he barely realized it while staring into the amethyst eyes of the magic user.
And the day had started so promising! Steve hadn’t woken him when he had gotten up for his ungodly morning run – probably because Tony had threatened to kick him out of his (their?) bedroom and less because of the promise that he would actually and literally kill him if Steve woke him up one more time – and brought him coffee when he came back. It would have gotten him at least a heavy make out session if this sin against everything science and physics hadn’t decided to fuck their day up. And that before eight in the fucking morning!
I'm INCREDIBLY happy to be able to post this today because it means the upload filters that are in effect since today in Germany don't interfere with my stories. That actually lifts at least the Mount Everest of my chest :D
Hell, it almost seemed like they didn’t give a fuck whether or not they would win. They hadn’t even monologued their plans and that was just rude. Didn’t they know nothing about proper etiquette in these kinds of situations?
“Took you long enough.” Nat bit out, a small smile on her lips, as she pulled out another clip for the machine gun she had taken after seeing what they were up against. “How many are left?”
After that Peter had smiled up at the super soldier, all innocence and happiness as he told him he was so happy Tony had found someone
“And I love him. He would never betray me. I know that. And the others wouldn’t either. Never.” And he believed that. Sure, they might someday realize what a mess Tony was and might even leave him behind, but they would never betray him. They wouldn’t try to kill him. Unless he turned himself into a supervillain and tried to take over the world. But in that case, he would have betrayed them first.
“The what now?” Tony swooped to the side, firing another repulsor blast against one of the things, decapitating it-
Grabbing onto the gear of the archer, which by now also consisted of a harness for easy transport, he tried to soften the momentum of the fall as best as he could.
“Hawkeye, we need you on-” Nat’s voice came over the comms, cutting out at the end but Jarvis already supplied where she was surrounded by five of those flying shits.
Dr. Strange, who had taken almost one and a half hours to find Tony’s location and then told them they couldn’t use magic to get close because the kidnapper would know that.
He was mostly sure Steve wouldn’t just get sick of him because he had known Tony before. He knew how annoying Tony could be. How single minded. How forgetful.
“I’m flattered you know who I am- not that there are many people who don’t know who I am.” He grinned, keeping steady with the flowing figure and ignoring all the blaring warnings displayed on his HUD.
“Sure, I am.” Tony grinned, knowing full well Steve would be able to hear his smile even if he wouldn’t believe it.
“He didn’t!” Tony yelled, his words hard and cutting. “I found out. I told him. He didn’t hide anything from me!”
„Why does he wear the ring then?“ Thor asked, confused. „I was informed the ring is a symbol of love and commitment.“
The most terrible thing right now, aside from him being kidnapped by some witch or another, was that he
Steve had spent six months finding the perfect ring. It had gotten so bad that Nat had threatened to kill him if he didn’t just buy a ring because
“What the fuck, Stark?” Clint growled, but before Luca could react to it, and Tony saw her getting wary, he stepped in.
Whatever would happen, Tony would find it funny as soon as he heard it and he would probably never stop laughing about it. Hopefully after saying
The fact that Tony wasn’t able to do anything despite the screams in his ears, the HUD blinking manically and Jarvis all but ordering him to do
Now, almost three hours since they had started to pick them off one by one, they had been able to prevent any casualties as far as he knew – and Jarvis would have known – even if the property damage was already spectacularly high – Pepper would kill him – and had killed at least half of their fucking pets.
Out of all the screams, even over the deadly growls and screams of the Hulk, Tony heard the terror in Steve’s voice.
Tony loved him. He loved Tony. They were meant to be. Even if he didn’t want to marry Steve, they loved each other.
That was just one of the reasons why Steve loved Tony. Even now while the stupid idiot fell asleep after putting on a necklace he had worn for three years that had something new dangling from it. Weighing more than before.
He took the necklace from the dresser letting his fingers wander over the still warm metal engraved with his name. Taking the ring out of his pants pockets, he slipped it onto the necklace and placed it back on the dresser.
He blinked down owlishly at Steve, before smiling, exhaustedly, at him, and guiding him into a kiss.
Tony wouldn’t lose the ring. Tony never lost anything he cared for. He was wearing Steve‘s dogtaggs for three years now and he hadn‘t even lost them when he had been fighting small kleptomaniac gremlins stark naked.
“He doesn’t need a plan.” Bruce said, patting Steve’s shoulder as he walked past him. “Tony loves you, Steve. Just ask him.”
After Bruce had cleared him (Tony had tried everything in his power to get out of the mandatory checkup. It had literally just been a conversation. The five very angry superheroes glaring at him and his very pissed off AI’s silence told Tony in a very subtle way it would be easier for him to just accept it. That is why he only fought it for about forty-five minutes.) Steve took him up to their floor, curling around him protectively.
“Iron Man get out of there!” Steve growled over the comms and Tony rolled his eyes, while also rolling in the air, dodging one of their minions. It wasn’t like he was distracted by coming up with a world domination plan that would actually work.
“Why are you here?” The better question would be why he was here, but let’s keep it focused on Luca for now.
Soooo, that was just a treat for all of you, our boys being boys. The next chapter will take a bit longer as I have a new course at uni to attend to, sorry! Let me know your thoughts on this, love the feedback from you guys, kudos!
“No” Clint said stiffly, quickly marching forward and disentangling his children from the men, resolutely ignoring the quiet snickering of Laura and Natasha and the loud protests of the kids as he dragged them upstairs.
Thor had watched this man reduce to stutters more than one of the most seasoned Noble men of Odin’s Court. And more often than not, managed to leave the men and women cross-eyed in awe.
“Better, now that you are here” The man dared, completely ignoring Thor’s glare as he stared longingly at the Soldier “The sight of you soothes my aches”
Potts pulled the Captain into another hug, more to sooth sensibilities than to convey gratitude. Stark worked his jaw for another moment before sighing loudly. “Yeah, sure, thanks Cap” He tugged the little hat from his betrotheds’ hand with a curious look to his chocolate eyes. “I guess it’s cute”
“But of course, Steven. I am here for whatever you need.” Thor scrambled to take his long robe and wrap it around his body, deciding that is as decent as he could get for the moment, he waited for the Captain to settle on the other side, watching how the shadow nodded once to himself before he finally said. “Yeah… you can come out now.”
“I am Groot!” Groot cried, slamming a heavy branch arm to the protected spelled windows and retreating with a sharp cry as it caught in a small fire. Rocket scrambled to his side and quickly patted out the flames.
She fell in an uncomfortable silence, though Tony saw her nipples pebble and stiffen, and not from the cold.
Thor raised his head slightly to eye the utterly torn and decimated state of their rooms, stray pieces of ornate furniture laid in all manners of disarray and the coffee table caught swaying with Asgards night wind there where it hanged halfway through the high windows, glass peppering the marble floor like freshly fallen snow.
Thor crossed his arms over his chest, facing away from the Captain with a sullen expression, bed hair and rumpled dress an incongruent match to his pouting features.
“Of course I did” Odin replied, matter of fact and completely unrepentant. Thor glared at his Father, anger and betrayal coursing through his veins.
“It isn’t any fault of yours, Thor” The Captain said, voice empty now that his emotions had been poured forth to Thor’s lap.
“Are you ready, Captain?” Heimdall called from the other side of the plaza, holding his broad sword and a small, rounded shield in his hands. “Will you only fight with your shield?”
Steve pursed his lips in thought as he looked down at this Brother in Law for a long moment, as if debating something important before his eyes flickered towards the remaining slices of pie on the coffee table. “Ok, I give. What was wrong with the pie?”
And now he sat on the plush couch, listening contently at how Bruce explained in an impassionate discourse the laws of Newton to an enthralled Lila and Cooper, both with their schoolbooks open and forgotten as they listened enraptured at the veritable Encyclopedia that was Dr. Bruce Banner.
“I hope you’re not too scared to stay now” Laura smiled brightly, her hands rubbing absentmindedly at her belly, soothing little circles that drew Steve’s eyes to them like magnets.
The Captain did so without hesitation, and Thor placed it over his own on Mjolnir’s handle, breathing in deep and sending a questing brush of his soul through the instrument. It did not take long for him to perceive the connection. Thor shivered as he felt the stroke of the Captain’s spirit meld with his own.
Steve sighed when he caught himself doing it again. Sam had told him it wasn’t healthy, having conversations with imaginary dead friends. Not good for copping. Steve rubbed a weary hand to his face before crossing his arms over his chest, in an almost sheltering pose.
Hogun, Valstagg and lady Sif glanced at one another, eyes bright and wide with astonished amusement while the blond Frandal flushed and seethed.
“Would you hold still?” The dark haired God hissed, his slim fingers struggling to tie all the intricate laces of his wedding clothes, as was tradition. Thor stilled for a short second, before huffing and rolling his shoulders again undoing his brother’s work.
Thor stopped his chewing, eyeing Mjolnir hanging from his husband’s grip and weighting his chances to take it and swing at Frandal’s crotch before Steven could stop him. Just as Thor was reaching forth the tent’s curtain was waved open and the redhead giant crouched in with a steamy bowl of grum for the ailing patient and a wide, handsome smile. “Good morning, friends!”
Thor choked on a short cake and spluttered crumbs all over his beard. His face on fire as he coughed loudly, the image forever seared in his mind now and
Thor nodded sharply, his hand still in his Father’s, the difference in them so harsh he could not form words… when had his Father aged so?
Thor had heart palpitations, this is the first time anyone had spoken kindly of his brother since his darkness had overcome him, maybe even before that. He felt awash of emotion and tender feelings for the unassuming Captain that would fight to death in one breath and defend an enemy’s honor in the next.
Lighting struck the Healing grounds in vicious waves, the winds blowing wildly in the marbled walls, felling the vials and furniture in a whirl of chaos. Men and women cowered near the white pillars while destruction ran rampant in the halls. The Head Mistress emerged from her quarters with an astonished gasp. Elderly face pale and weathered as she saw her rooms fall under the onslaught of a Vengeful God.
Had Odin not said that the Worthy One was a priced hero? Is this how they praise their warriors? Did these mortals understand what being worthy of the Gods truly meant?
The widow shushed him as they avidly observed Stark approach the blond pair with a sure step. Arms wide and a showman’s grin on his bearded face. “Cap, fancy seeing you here, got my invitation after all?”
The Man of Iron’s features twisted as he stared at the bands with barely concealed distaste. The man swallowed thickly; hands frozen around the bread basket as he struggled to regain his composure. “Ok so you put a ring on it, that’s lovely. Anyone want more bread?”
Steve arched an impressed eyebrow and broke into an almost shy grin, rubbing a abashed hand over his face as he stood from his seat. “Where are we going?”
But Pepper was unreachable. Miles away even if they stood in the same room. Tony began to panic and before he could get a word out, to defend himself, to explain. God, anything. Pepper smiled tightly, all kind professionalism as she said. “Mr. Stark”
Thor sighed “I never asked you how you felt of this union, I could not. I am to much of a coward to hear your answer. But Captain, coward as I am. For you, I will fight. While my soul draws breath, you will not be alone. For as long as my heart beats in my chest, you will want for nothing.”
“Aye, Loki bore them out of his own magic, under the teachings of the cursed witch Amora.” Thor frowned at the mere mention of that cursed woman, how she had taken Loki under her wing and deformed his very soul… “For all that Loki is selfish and proud, he treasures his creations above all. As he should. They are magnificent and powerful creatures, my nephews. The amount of magic and skill alone to bring them to life…”
Aye, it must be hellish to have it all and still ache for another. Especially one so fine as the Captain.
Steven smiled a shy, uncertain thing, his eyes dipping and eyelashes batting as he considered the God for a second, standing close together in the main halls of the palace the Soldier dipped his head and nodded seriously, as if asserting something to himself before giving the most chaste, softest peck of a kiss on the corner of Thor’s frozen lips. Thor was stone still in the wide halls as the Soldier backed away with a quiet, peaceful smile.
“Thor” Steven scolded with just a glimpse of a smile on his rich, pink lips. But before he would say anything else in defense of the blond weasel, Lady Sif came forth.
Thor grinned proudly as the soft gasps of the court, tittering of the people beginning to rise as his Betrothed stopped at his side, bowing elegantly for the All Father and settling face to face with Thor when allowed by the King.
The Furry one scoffed and sighed painfully “Don’t embarrass yourself Quill, you’re making us look bad.”
Steve swallowed thickly and took one of the pencils out of the case. Thunder Gray it read on the side.
“This is…” Steven’s voice broke away, his eyes glued to the splendor of the realm with a soulful expression Thor had never seen on the man’s handsome face. The eloquent Captain was at a loss of words.
Thor was definitively not complaining, if the stolen peek to the naked God confirmed anything. Thor was a happy camper.
Thor had bolted, ripping Mjolnir from Steve’s frozen hand and promptly jumping into the thundering skies. Where once had been sunshine and infinite blue, now poured down in heavy, stinging raindrops, vicious, harsh winds and thunderbolts.
“Do not play the prude, Thor” Loki smiled, eyes blazing with glee “I am not blind. The man is a work of art and you are not dead. Tell me then, brother. Why does the Captain still see unicorns?”
Steven’s pale, withdrawn face practically bloomed into a breathtaking smile as he walked around the bed, eyes dancing with delight as he gazed out the windows to the gardens and the panoramic luxury of the many flowers growing all around. For Thor knew Steven enjoyed his flowers.
Steven sighed heavily “Ok, but just the morning…” Thor opened his mouth to protest only to fall silent with the stern look of the Captain “No, I’m putting my foot down,
Thor was a little too invested in appreciating the view of the man when the Humans seemed to rip themselves out of their whirlwind daze and step forward, finally noticing the Gods that awaited them. And of course, the Guardian of the Door.
Thor crackled merrily and lifted his cup in a silent toast to a smirking Frandal, who in vengeance of a particularly nasty hex to his manhood some centuries ago after a stunted attempt of courting the dark prince; had taken a page out of the whore’s he frequently procured and took to storytelling in their visits to the primitive Earth. Who would have thought that these would survive the passage of time? Even longer than the Norse religion itself, the legends of Loki’s many conquests were printed in many an educational book. Truly, the gift that keeps giving.
New Yorkers, or New York tourists, were silly creatures; Thor decided, as he was asked more often than not to pose for a picture- he had become a master with a Selfie stick- and nearly none showed more than the perfunctory interest in Mjolnir.
“You are a fine, honorable man, Stark. Wars will wage on till the end of time, but love…” Thor’s smile trembled and struggled to stay on his face. He cleared his throat loudly, ignoring the uncomfortable and sad looks Stark and his Lady Potts threw his way. “Aye, love comes but once”
Thor regretted his question almost instantly as the smile was wiped from Steven’s dirt stained face. The Captain’s jaw worked to release the words, ultimately, he did with a shaky sigh.
But Steve couldn’t look away, standing in dumbfounded silence as the Asgardians tip toed around him while setting hundreds of art supplies around the many surfaces of the already obscenely extravagant room.
“Thor” The Captain said in greeting, a small gentle smile that made the God’s heart leap and flutter in his chest.
Steve sighed as the booted feet began to kick on his coverlet “Let him up Thor, I want to sleep. I have an early day tomorrow.”
“Are we really considering pimping out our National Icon?” A voice sounded, appalled “The man is a war hero! He’s already taken more than one hit for the team!”
Thor bit his cheek, lips pursed as he set his inner turmoil to rights enough to whisper: “Odin has staked my hand in marriage as a prank on Earth”
“But the key to overcoming those struggles is to always remember: At the other side of the argument, it is a friend who stands” The All Father patted his son hand tenderly, almost reverent as he shared his wisdom “Above all roles and opinions; if you remember this, there will never be a burden to weight you down.”
“Good morning.” Steven said. Devoid of any other response as he approached the Gods, wisely avoiding asking about the situation and taking it all in stride.
The table sat in silence at the generous offer, so when the Captain stood and offered his hand out to the Guardian, no one spoke out in protest.
“He belongs to the United States of America” General Ross declared, his voice breezy and self-assured “He will do what is right for this country.”
And well, Thor had only himself to blame for trusting the God of Lies. Anyways, Thor really did know how to wear a gown with grace.
Steve strode after Clint after Bruce joined in on the merriment, walking with a straight back and stiff upper lip, willing away the heat of his skin as he kept his arms to his sides. Really, he had nothing to be ashamed of.
“Do you not like it?” Thor sobered, worry etching on his bearded face as he saw the Captain stand frozen in the entrance and scrambled for anything to nudge his husband from his troubling state “I even bought you a doormat”
Thor was surprised to find Steven not only listening to his Mother’s ideas, but an active participant of the conversation, from decoration to meal courses to guests and tradition. The man was attentive and soaking in all the information like a sponge, offering opinions and even adding requests as the night grew old. By the end of it most of the pressing issues of the wedding had been either agreed upon or in beginning of formation. And Thor had barely had to contribute, though when they had began to speak of their wedding chambers he had promptly jumped in.
With that last quip, Steve dropped the sword and ran across the room to meet the monster half way, ducking under the furious swings of cold steel. Steve took his bare fists to the Thing’s body, rocking him with the impact and prompting him to drop the sword and claw at Steve instead; trying to catch the smaller man and failing to reach him, the soldier swerving and ducking in and out of reach. Playing with the Beast, buying time as he kept one ear out to the dying sounds of fighting in the halls.
Steve chuckled but took the proffered marker and started to write on it: “Sure thing, for whom should I write it for? Cooper or Lila?”
“Clint” Bruce cut in, pale faced and near cowering to the side “I really don’t think I should stay here. I mean you have kids.”
Dawn found Thor sitting next to his brother, only the shear hold of the magic cell between them as they sat in silence, their backs to the cold stone as they stared out into nothing.
The men in silly hats around him laughed loudly and cheered. One of the men had tied thick ropes to Mjolnir, connecting it to the wide girth of a price Bull held in a small cage, huffing and scuffing its hooves on the dirt floor impatiently.
Loki blinked his eyes open, crooking his head to the side to better hear the soft baritone in the cell next to his.
“It matters not” Thor boomed, chest puffed up and valiant in his besotted ways “He shall have all of it. He is my betrothed and I will it so.”
to protect our planet and attacked it within the year.” Fury recriminated, a dry smile parting his lips as he stared directly into Odin’s now unreadable eye, ignoring the twitches and nervous fidgeting of the councilmen all around “For what? A delay in negotiations?” The Director barked a humorless laugh and yelled “You have no word!”
Fury chuckled in his seat, unperturbed by the menace of an offended God. “I’m not questioning Thor’s honor” He said placatingly, before simply adding “I’m denying its existence.”
“Aye, and I meant every word” Thor assured his Husband, smiling calmly as he explained “but Steven, this is tradition. “
Steven stifled a laugh and finally they released the Bilgesnipe onto the polished floors before the astounded Mother of Gods.
“Master Bragi, Head of Arts.” Frigga introduced with a withbearing smile. The small man barely twitched at the mention of his name and continued to inspect Steven with probing and invading touches.
“You sure, you’re not my grandpa?” The Starlord probed again “‘cause I can see a little similarity in the jaw line there…”
“Are you alright there, Thor?” The Captain shouted over the groans and cries of the detained entourage and frowned down at him with worry. Thor sighed disheartened.
“Look at such a fine pelt!” Frigga cried in admiration, slowly encircling the great beast “The skin has not been pierced, it’s horns are intact! How ever did you manage to slay it?”
(One bit more of smut, will again mark the begining and end of the scene with dark bold letters in case anyone wants to skip it)
“Hey, hey, hey” Clint cut in, his voice a tone Steve had never heard from him before, ‘Stern’ he thought “It’s late and it’s a school night, you can harass the men tomorrow morning”
, motherfuckers!” Fury shouted, his patience running out as he started to wave his gun around to point at all the intruders “
Thor could barely hold his excitement as the Soldier rose from his seat and hooked his fingers on his underthings with a shy grin. “Ready?”
It had been such a strange and stressful day that when he entered his shared bedroom and found Thor viciously smacking him- Captain America suit and shield- with a feather spitting pillow, Steve could only stand by the door and blink.
“We owe a great debt to Midgard, Loki has pitched them into destruction, all the realms eyes have turned to Earth and I fear that our standing as peacekeepers will be questioned if we allow them to fall in disgrace.” Odin stated, adorned in his kingly regalia and leading an entourage of Asgard’s finest warriors to the meager remains of the Bifrost. Thor followed closely, mounted in his white stead next to his father’s magnificent 8 legged stallion, feeling every bit the unfit child he appeared compared to his near omnipotent father. With one last kip of irritation, Odin nodded his ready to Heimdall and turned his severe gaze to Thor:” I will not stand for Asgard’s honor to be doubted, nor my son’s”
Steve froze in his seat, carefully wiping his face of any expression as he rose from his chair and turned to his husband. Thor struggled for a second to clear his thoughts and then added in a self-depicting shrug: “I thought you had baked just the one”
Thor smiled at the disheveled man and turned slightly to face his intended. “Not that I am averse to the sequence of events, but what has brought this on, Steven?”
“You know we’d love to stay longer” Natasha said gently, passing a familiar, tender hand trough the Captain’s blond locks.
Steve jolted as he felt another body approach him, catching the dark clothes with the corner of his eye as the other man stood by him in abject silence.
“Gamora used to work with him!” He called, softly shifting forward and trying to call the Guardian’s attention to himself “knows all the ins and outs of his army.”
“Off” Steven gruffed, pushing a hand to the God’s face as he had dipped to bestow a smacking kiss to his husband.
Sif laughed softly, feeling a release in her soul as she spoke, all truths she had not wanted to face and now, standing before the man she had wanted to call her rival, gazing into her eyes with such care and open acceptance, she could finally let go “He is so much more
Thor’s throat worked for a moment, before he climbed into the cell with a hiss of pain, the holding runes and spells burning him in irritation, reprimanding him though not halting his attempts. Loki stumbled back in shock. seeing how the skin of Thor’s bare upper half sizzled under the attack, and the man pressed forth still.
Sooo, I did that. I don't know how that will be taken but I wanted to show some of Thor's own vulnerable soul, his love and devotion and for Steve to see this too. Let me know your thought on that. Kudos and thanks to everyone who has given Kudos to this story, commented (especially this, I love chatting with you guys) and bookmarked this (which wow, so many of you already). So much love and gratitude to you guys.
“I see someone is sporting a little something extra on their fingers.” Natasha mussed, extending her dainty hands to the Soldier “Let me see, Steve.”
Thanks to everyone who commented on the last chapter, I hope this one does not dissapoint. Expect a very slow burn story.
“I know what you’re thinking, Thor” Jane said, sitting up and away, avoiding Thor’s confused frown “I know what you want me to do”
Thanks again to everyone who reviewed the last chapters, you guys really motivate to keep on writing! lost of love!
Volstagg ripped himself out of his astonishment and surged forth “No, wait! I was not ready! Again!”
“Aye, it is a sad thing, but I am here in his stead” Thor said “He has not forgotten you, my boy. Nor could he ever”
Steven was about to combust under the attention when a small hand was placed on his back, startling the good Captain out of his blushing haze to meet the dark gaze of the Warrior named Gamora.
Thor struggled more desperately as he observed the Captain’s cheeks hollow in around his digit, right down to the third knuckle, releasing it with an obscene pop, shinny and wet with spit. Which he slowly approached to the God’s ear.
“Aye, I am here, all is fine…” The God caressed his hands over Steven’s cool skin and smiled softly “You were tossing horribly, what ever have you dreamt of?”
“Oh, gee. Thanks Thor. I was starving.” And the Captain took a large bite of the holy fruit, he chewed away merrily as he polished the stump of marble he was working on with one careful, graceful hand.
“Oh, ok, well then.” The Captain smiled candidly for the God and walked over to their meal “I guess I can see our friends later…”
Ok now seriously, I will take some days to work on my school assignments before I fail. But you guys have been so sweet and supportive, I just wanted to give you one last parting gift before I leave you for my school work. Thanks to all who commented the earlier chapters, you guys are really an inspiration and the highlight of my days! Lots of Love!
“Did he really fuck a horse?” Bruce asked in a loud whisper, trying to hide his lips behind his cup of wine. His dark eyes clouded by a glassy sheen of the truly inebriated. Thor sipped his own wine to hide a smile.
After a while it became clear that any drop of blood would set the God off, so Steve gently pulled at the man’s stained clothes until he stood in his underthings, the skies having quietened after a few minutes of Steve’s gentle cares and the sea now lapping softly at their waists. Steve pulled Thor out of the water and noticed a sac left by the neighboring trees, as someone; probably Volstagg, had ambled out there to help.
The Captain released a sobbing laugh, the first sound to leave his lips after the episode had begun. And he gave it to Thor, that happy, shy thing of a laugh, only for Thor.
Steve’s breaths began to draw harder and just as he felt he would lose his goddamned mind the sounds stopped and in the distance, thunder roared in the skies. Steve inhaled sharply as the others sprung into action, running towards the dark and barking orders to each other, Volstagg halting his rocking and drifting off to one of the large tents where he disappeared without a word.
Thor halted his harsh hammering of fluffy bed ware, eyes wide and alarmed as he held the gutted pillow in midair, spilling innards onto his clone and some sticking out from his golden tresses framing his pale face.
“I am Odin’s first General, Overseer of the Universe” Heimdall proclaimed, tapping his sword on the ground again, another flash and 20 Soldiers awaited at the doors “I have been charged to escort the Worthy One to Asgard, and I will fulfill my duty”
Thor stood silent, pale faced and eyes blown wide, in the dark halls of Asgards dungeons. “He made a pie with Idunn apples”
Bruce gaped as the woman nearly tackled the redhead assassin with a high-pitched squeal of delight, matched by Natasha’s own. Steve could only blink in silence at the proceedings, feeling severely out of place, but then again. What else is new?
The captain caught the shield in the air and sett his body behind it, startling his opponent; Heimdall’s intuition sang as he caught the whirl of Mjolnir. He was bashed on the shoulder by the hammer flying past, pushing him forward and onto the man’s shield, barely avoiding being caught between the two, but the impact of the mighty hammer and the odd material of the shield resounded in electrical waves, sending Heimdall and many of the witnessing soldiers flying back in the shock.
Tony shot up to his feet, eyes blown wide and startled as he caught sight to Pepper, his fiancé, standing near the counter, where she must have been when he walked in and hadn’t noticed.
Thor’s hands clenched around the paper as the Captain inspected his own portrait with a studious eye.
Steve gripped the sword in his hand and kicked the door to the Queen’s waiting room where the sound of high-pitched gasps and beastly grunts of pain came from.
“… And Thor already said he’d be wearing the dress” The Doctor said nonchalantly, stirring his tea with a barely concealed smile.
Lady Sif released a startled laugh at the comment, and quickly smothered it in turn to glowering at the man. ”Best be careful then.”
“So, how long until they come out?” Clint asked, gazing at his shrugging, clueless friends as they waited patiently by.
Thor lowered his gaze in apology, though his mind still battled to conform the thought. Steven had fought the Guardian and had emerged not only with his life, but victorious.
The Captain smiled and shook the man’s hand in silent commending. As if he had been the one to go head to head with a God and emerged victorious. “Now I believe you owe the Dame some money” Steve grinned, dazzling and shark like “Cough it up, Doc”
Mjolnir did not shift an inch. But Stark was relentless, now coaxing and enticing the audience to ill fated attempts, tricking even Doctor Banner into trying as well. Banner groaned and growled in a frankly obvious ploy to scare the public, releasing the handle with an embarrassingly weak roar. The Doctor looked around to the unperturbed spectators and scowled: “You people are no fun.”
“Can I show you something?” The Captain finally acceded, the resistance Thor felt on the window door finally gone, but he did not open it immediately, his earlier impish intentions gone at the obvious distress in his intended’s voice.
They arrived at the tower a couple of hours before dawn, everyone taking their own ways to wash away the grime of battle and try to get some sleep, though they all knew it was probably a futile effort. Tony watched the Captain go with an ache so deep in his chest he could hardly draw breath.
Kudos and lots of love to all who have commented and shared your wonderful thoughts with me, I really appreciate you guys.
“I’m trying!” Quill cried, shaken and panicking as he wrung his head for any possible distraction “Jesus, give a man a minute, will you?”
“I hope this will not encumber our friendship.” The God offered the man his hand in peace, startling the human warrior out of his prickly mood.
“Xandar pledged alliance with Asgard to be granted protection of the Kree empire” Gamora explained, gaze caught still by the All Seeing eyes of the God, as if they were physically compelling her to speak
Thor barked a laugh at that, a hand coming to rest on his chest as if to stop the mirth from pouring out “The big ones?”
“Yep” Pepper popped. Her freckles lost in the full blush that covered her naked skin. “It was… uh… really…”
Tony had gone back to his lonely Tower feeling considerably worse than how he had left it, which considering he had just seen his mother being murdered, was to say something.
He was sobbing quietly onto her heaving breasts, shaking like a little kid as he gripped her tight to him.
Tony bit his lips to smoother a moan; some of it must have escaped because the Captain laughed and finished pinning the last of the medals on; picked a military white hat from the couch and spun it in nervous hands.
Master Bragi nodded thoughtfully “That she has. Her service has been beyond reproach for thousands of years… Until last night.”
What followed was a whirlwind of ungainly laughter, pointed ribbing and ever increasing ridicule. The people were paraded into the Rodeo where they all tried their hand on the magical artifact and all failed. Thor felt a secret vindication at each trumped attempt, bittersweet in his mouth now that the worst had happened, by his own hand no less. Thor chugged down his bottle of beer, perhaps he could drown his heartache in this foul concoction and forget what an imbecil he was. If just for a night.
Steve passed desperate hands through his damp hair. Watching helplessly as chaos erupted around him.
“You say your time, and your son’s” the American voice, General Ross, spoke “and those to follow, tell me, how can we guarantee that they will keep faith in the next thousand years?”
That afternoon, after playing with the children out in the barn and helping Clint chop some firewood, taking petty enjoyment at out showing the archer by making a bigger pile while ripping the wood with his bare hands. Much to the children’s delight.
Thor felt a swell of affection for this man, his love drowning out his fear and doubts as he crawled next to his husband and pulled him to his chest, efficiently curling all his limbs around the Soldier like one of those Midgardians sea creatures he had seen on the television once. Steven huffed and snickered as he was smothered by the God, but his good mood held and he shook hands with a now kneeling Volstagg.
“No” Thor purposely deceived, pouting as he took a training sword from Lady Sif and began to go through his paces with the fierce woman.
Steve smiled when Thor joined him in the water, his unwilling arousal having mellowed out in the cold waves now slowly twitching back to life at the sight of the God and his loving touches. Bringing back the guilt he had beat down and turning his back to his tender husband to hide his growing erection. Which was all thrown to the curve when the God went ahead and copped a feel of him; his large, hot hand cupping his throbbing member just so, the callouses and the firmness of his palm fondling his flesh perfectly. And the jolt of the God’s own swollen cock slotting and thrusting along his cheeks, the flimsy fabric of his boxers doing nothing to dilute the feel of that large, hard cock pressed onto him, sending a shiver down his spine; the feeling of Thor’s body fitting along the curves of his own, his warmth and solidity. Steve nearly dissolved into putty in the God’s hands, a shock of lust so harsh he couldn’t help but gasp and still. Then the God whispered those filthy words into his ear.
Thor nudged his husband forth, receiving a soft, uncertain smile from the Captain as he had overheard the conversation with his Father, and the nervous glint Thor hated to see in his husband’s eyes dared to shine once more. The God nuzzled the Captains temple reassuringly as they entered the great halls in direction to the Royal table.
The Captain did not change his outfit, no, much worse, he only unbuttoned the waistcoat and with that, showed that the white fabric of his tunic was quite flimsy, if the shy glimpses of the Captains muscles shifting with every step could attest to it. Thor faked a smile as he pushed the choking Frandal back and leapt forward to welcome the Soldier.
Barton gaped at the oblivious Soldier and the smilingly, doting God before groaning loudly and surrendering his winnings to the smirking woman.
He had pulled his boxers on blindly and scurried down to his workshop with his price gripped tight in his sweaty hands. He had sat in his cot with his ‘Steve Box’ on his Lap and the Tiny Iron Baby cap pressed to his chest.
“It is the least I can do for you, Captain” Heimdall acquainted, shaking the Soldier’s hand firmly “You will have your privacy and they will have their peace of mind, all is well”
Thanks to all of you for your kind words and unconditional support, it has been so nice to read your sweet comments and I really hope I can give back your kindness in the form of good chapters and quick updates. You guys are the best and I am so grateful.
“Accidently” Steven echoed with a slight twitch to his pink lips. Thor grinned wickedly up to his husband, recalling the night he and Loki had entered to Idunn’s gardens and stolen some apples for themselves, running to hide in the stables with their treats. They had gorged themselves in the holy fruit until they fell into a deep sleep; both rising much later to
Thor opened his mouth to reply when another hand grasped his ear in a harsh pinch. He released yet another unmanly yelp as he spied his severe, frowning mother at his side: “So did I”
The man of Iron nodded and strutted towards Mjolnir “Anyways, I don’t need a suit. I’m Tony Fucking Stark. If I can’t lift it, no one will”
Stark gapped and for a second looked like he would kick the archer in the shin, before flapping his arms up in defeat and turning on his feet to look for his fiancé. The assassins snickered under their breaths and Banner shook his head dejectedly.
Thor was cut from answering the prompt by Stark shouting from the other side of the room: “No, no, no. It’s my wedding, Thor can’t have it!”
“I am not staying in here for two weeks, Thor.” The Soldier shook his head vehemently as he began to pace back and forth agitatedly.
Hey! I hope the chapter is not to much crack. I'm beggining my ThunderShield scenes now, so if you have any ideas, this is the moment to share them. Kudos to everyone who commented last chapter!
Thor kicked the doors opened in his rush to get the Captain in the rooms which would hopefully see many, many centuries of wedded bliss.
“You might want to start changing your tune now, I’m not the sharing kind and you have been playing with my stuff long enough.”
Thor curled his fingers around the man’s cock, sighing in wonder as he finally touched that which was his by holy right, smiling as a low-pitched groan managed to escape the Captains gagged mouth at the soft attentions.
Barton grinned mischievously “I could say something, but it’s just too easy. Take care of yourself, Steve.”
A round of thunder broke the sky as a metallic blur parted the sky and whirled its way from high above to slam into Steve’s open, waiting palm. Electricity danced around the Captain’s arm, sliding into his body, alighting him from within as the clouds rolled over and lightning crackles above before the startled, awestruck audience.
The Captain sighed deeply, his eyes rising to meet his teammates in a painstakingly honest gaze “Thank you for coming”
“Thank you, Mistress Eir.” Thor thanked the Goddess before turning his attention to the weakly struggling Soldier, face flushed and eyes wide and frantic.
Thor roared unintelligibly, lightning echoing in the heavens like a threat. Tony swallowed dryly. No jokes then.
The hands wreaking havoc on his peace of mind stopped abruptly, releasing his shoulders as if burned. Steve twisted his head back to look in askance at Thor’s strangely pale face: “You fed it to Frigga?”
“No, Tony” Steve hissed into his neck, rising goosebumps all over “It’s everything, you’ve always been there for me and when it was my turn to do it, I wasn’t…”
“You don’t!” Thor yelled, his panic finally peaking “But I will set it all to rights again. I will destroy Odin’s artifact.”
“I too, Steven, promise this…” Thor hurried to reply, taking the other band lying lone in his other hand and pulling at his husbands limbs to reciprocate “I wish I had words as precious as yours to say, but I know them not, I can only pledge my soul, my faith and my very
“Can we draw on you?” Lila chipped, joining her brother and poking his bicep with an intrigued expression.
“What are you saying, Steve?” Tony demanded, voice thick with feelings he was fighting to keep down, though his mind kept turning and turning the Captain’s words and he couldn’t help stringing himself on.
Thor scowled harder, irritation drowning out his heartbreak as he gripped the pillow tighter under him in silent menace.
“Hydra?” Steven startled, his slumped back straightening in alarm and eyeing the silent Director with a searching glance.
Steven huffed an affronted laugh and rested his forehead on Thor’s shoulder, curling into his husband for a long second before whispering keenly.
Just as he finished the sentence, a blur came whizzing in to knock Ronan flat on his back, hammer still held tight in his angry grip as the Guardian’s of the Galaxy were joined by the Avengers.
This is mostly a gap chapter, certainly not my best of favorite but necessary to fill in some blanks and sort of lay down some ground around the relationships in this story. Next chapter some ThunderShield to come, I promise. Please remember that this a very slow built story.
“That’s what we’re calling it now?” Natasha smiled crookedly, giggling as Laura hurried past her in a rushed wobble.
Thor gripped the Soldier’s hands, holding them onto himself, letting the man feel what he provoked on the God. Those lovely, artist hands cupping Thor’s aching cock as the God dipped his head down and prayed “Say yes”
“Thor” His mother called, Thor snapped out of his gloomy thoughts to find most of the royal table staring at him in confusion “Where did you go, my child?”
Not a silly spar, hand to hand horsing around with friends. He literally smacked down an omniscient being.
Steve looked at the man hard for a second and pursed his lip, weighting his shield clasped on his arm with a contemplative frown.” Yeah, hmm, wait, actually.” He grimaced and walked forward “Just give me a minute.”
“A knife” Steven breathed tapping the blade to the surprised woman’s belly “Though I am very happy to see you”
The illusion around Loki flickered and in a second Steve’s grin turned feral as he reached for Loki and flipped him, bodily slamming him to the marble floors with a breathtaking force.
“Yeah, but evil takes no holidays, and neither do we” Barton said, a heroic smile on his features though his eyes were dull and sad. “We are following up on the location of Loki’s staff and we have some hints on some Hydra Bases that need some blowing up”
Thor latched on to his husband like a leach and whimpered when the Captain retreaded for much needed, but utterly loathed air.
Both groups fell into a conspicuous silence as they nudged one another, eyeing the halted step of the Captain and Thor’s own proud gait with variating degrees of mirth and horror.
“Here” Thor snapped, all but throwing his own paper pad to the Captain’s lap as he jumped up and made grabby hands for his portrait to be released.
The Captain cleared his throat and turned to his teammates, counting heads and sighing when they rounded out. The Hulk climbing up the rainbow bridge, sullen and soaked to the bone with help of Iron Man and the rowdy cajoling of Hawkeye. The Black Widow standing by in case the Big Green decided that he was done with the archer and Thor, his husband. Eyeing his father with wide, fearful eyes.
“Yes and then I would be burdened with the duty to marry the Captain” Loki taunted, grinning brightly as his brother made a rude gesture in the mirror for him to catch, Thor winced when his mother swatted his hand down and patted his armored chest, declaring her work done as she pulled her eldest son to do a spin for her.
“Jane!” He shouted, marching toward the small mobile home she liked to live in. “Jane, it is I. Thor!”
“It is an honor to finally meet you” The ebony god said, his voice smooth and deep as he walked forward, sheathing his broad sword in the scabbard at his wide back in graceful movements.
Steve patted his husband dry in careful, tender stokes of a soft towel, pulling off the God’s damp underwear and wrapping the towel over his slim hips. Steve sat in the sand next to the silent God, rubbing another towel through his long, blond hair comfortingly until his breathing evened out and the last shudders of sobs wove out of his chest. Steve startled when Thor burst back to life, his hands coming up to pull at his nape and draw him closer, foreheads touching and breaths mingling as the God stared beseechingly into the Soldiers eyes.
The blond God smiled shyly down to his mother, for a moment so reminiscent to his younger, fawn-like toddler days, Frigga placed a steadying hand to her belly, where she ached as if someone was trying to rip her child away from her womb.
The Doctor barked a laugh and shrugged “Yeah, I still have one more project to finish on Earth, after…” The Doctor trailed off with an uncertain tone “well, after.”
“And before the serum, life expectancy aside; no gal woulda wanted me; one look at my bony ribs and blotchy face and they’d a run for the hills. After the serum… there was only killing.”
Cautiously, Frigga approached her husband, with a weary glance at the magical staff where their hands were clasped, she gently untangled Steve’s fingers, careful not to touch Gungnir now that it pulsed visibly with unrestrained waves of power. Then turning her gentle touch to her Husband.
?!” Thor stuttered, his tongue tied to ribbons by Steven’s sensual coaxing and blood navigating rapidly south.
On the front of the UN doors he found General Ross, an Automatic assault rifle shooting expertly in unfailing head shots to the few Asgardians that tried to approach him or the other politicians hiding in the antechambers of the council.
The Captain and the God met halfway with a grunt. Both men grappling at the other for a second, testing the others strength. They both pushed away in time, eyeing the other’s form, measuring.
“Thor” The Queen beckoned, her gaze bright and uncharacteristically beseeching “ My son, heed me now, I beg you”
“Puny God, sore loser!” Banner roared, still in his human form though tendrils of green covered his face and neck, eyes a brilliant emerald that shinned with excitement. A moment of realization stunned the Avengers as the Doctor laughed up roaringly. Steve barely kept the smile in place as he advanced to the doctor with steady paces, even as the other Avenger’s shied away with slow motions and Thor silently summoned Mjolnir to his side.
The Captain’s lovely cheeks darkened with the memory of their lovemaking, bending at the waist to press a chaste kiss to his husband’s lips, his soft tongue darting out shyly, as if seeking to catch the ghost of their shared taste.
Thor visibly recoiled from the dark God, his ears burning from anger or embarrassment. “I don’t see how that concerns you, Loki”
“You still have to limp, though” Thor reminded the Soldier after a long minute of calm silence. Steven scoffed and swatted the God’s thigh.
Loki coughed a rough chuckle at the insolent man. “Idunn apples… sacred fruit” He gasped for air “Magic… properties”
“Thor!” Steven called in alarm, his trembling hands coming to halt the God’s swift fingers. His beautiful blue eyes shinning like precious gems in the dark of their bedroom, his breathing coming in short fits and blushing furiously with uncertain want.
“Perhaps you would like to stay in Asgard for a season Doctor?” Thor offered as they reached the end of the rainbow bridge and a blank faced Heimdall, standing alone and peaceful, his broad sword in his large hands, at the ready to transport the humans back to their realm with a stoic countenance.
“I am Heimdall, the guardian of the door.” He nodded politely at the mortal representatives, who squirmed some more under his gaze. “I come for the Worthy One”
Thor felt his soul quiver, he could have lost Steven today, and he wouldn’t have known it until much later.
“Uhh” Steve started, blushing bright red all the way down to his chest as he stood up, covering himself feebly with the bunched, stained shirt and his sticky hands.
After they had arrived to the camping place, a nice, clear plane just meters away from the ocean and the planet’s end, the sight was incredible and had taken Steve a long while to stop gaping at the view and remember his manners and get off the cart to greet the other Asgardians already present.
“Well, we do have Dragons” The God offered “Fire breathing beasts of great intelligence, a perchance for petty theft aside, they are quite tame.”
He rolled them both gently, laying his husband on his back on the golden sand with barely a mumble of protest from the slumbering God. Steve held himself in place over Thor for a moment, taking a second to look at the man and consider.
Fury scoffed and lowered his gun “I’m almost tempted to let you Idiots try. You’re lucky we found you first. How the hell did you plan to find the Captain in the first place?”
That night Thor came to his room after a long stay in the healing chambers, listening intently at the maidens whisper the nights events around him while the Head Mistress of Healers wiped his body clean of Loki’s influence and finally, released him from her claw like hands.
“Nope, your Father has spoken” Laura agreed, hands on her waist in the universal mother pose that had Steve automatically standing up straight. “Off to bed with you”
“What, ya’ gonna have a limp too?” Steven taunted, breaking to a sprint across the room with an irate God at his heels.
“You do not look fat, Thor” She assured, taking the laces of his intricate armor and tying them with expert hands, regardless of her son’s constant shuffling. Years of clothing the same boy, even now as grown as he was, enough to make it so she could do this in her sleep.
They too halted their step before Odin, bowing to the silent God and stepping to the side at the king’s dip of his silver head.
“General Ross!” He called over the roaring of the Hulk and the buzz of the jet motors, catching the graying man’s attention “At my signal, get everyone to the Jet!”
“You know what else is nice, Steven…” Thor breathed into the Captain’s blushing ear “I can hold my breath for well over three minutes.”
After the guests had left, the Avengers and Miss Potts sat gathered in the ample couches. Drinking in peaceful contentment, only interrupted by cheerful reminiscing and good-natured ribbing. Mostly at Thor’s expense.
“Thank you, thank you, thank you….” Thor chanted under his breath, words whispered to his husband’s sweaty brow and thoughtlessly confessed.
The Captain arched a haughty eyebrow and released a long, amused sigh. “I just told you I cheat, and you want to play cards?”
That reminded Thor, Frandal was up for his decade throttling for that. He made a mental note to make time for that in the next weeks…
Thor grinned at the slight wince of the Captain, nuzzling blissfully the smooth cheek as he corrected with a low whisper “That Good.”
Sif gave him a tiny smile, and looked between the God and the Captain for a short moment, before slipping back next to her companions with a stony expression.
The shield and hammer were thrown in consecutive strikes, overwhelming the Seer under their force. The man flew in and out of reach by Mjolnir’s handle, Thunder corralling Heimdall in the man’s grasp as he took the breathtaking pounding of the artifacts until his armor was little but a mangled piece of metal hanging from his torso. Even as he caught hold of his sword in a pathetic roll out after the shock of lightning struck him and flew him feet away from the Captains reach; he was assaulted relentlessly, merciless as even his All Seeing eyes could not warn him in time to the Captains intentions.
Loki scowled at the Soldier. “Leave it, there is no way you will be able to overpower Odin’s command. This amount of freedom is…” The God lowered his eyes to stare at his hands, fingers dancing with green sparkles, then up and out the large windows to the sunset. Seeming for a second to struggle with some emotion before turning his empty eyes back to Steve. “Far more than I had hoped for”
“Marriage is a strange thing, my son.” Odin said, unawares from his sons’ sad thoughts “It is both shelter and a battlefield. You will face many troubles, most of your own making.”
“Kapitan!” Someone shouted behind him, making him spin in place; meeting the wide, wondering eyes of the squad that he had led not an hour ago. One of the Sergeants cleared his boyish, cracking voice and said: “Danke”
“The Worthy one will come to us tomorrow” He had declared, the words forming awkwardly in his lips “There will be no further conflict with Earth henceforth”
“Not necessarily” Frigga offered, her eyes scanning the room in uncertain glances as to how she could word her worries and the need for such formalities.
And really, only Steven would smile so proudly with a sword pressed to his neck. Or Loki, but that was another sac of cats entirely.
“Thor?” And the Captain echoed. Blinking up at the God gripping him to his chest like an especially large teddy bear. The Soldier pushed at the arms that held him and sighed when instead of releasing they gripped tighter.
Steven stared blankly up to the clear, peaceful sky, as if he could leave his body if he concentrated hard enough. “They were very… thorough”
He then jumped into the fray, the point of the arrow as he pushed his way through the Asgardian forces and unto the Councils steps. The Asgardian soldiers fought him, but would not wound him, he noticed, and grit his teeth tight to stop himself from cursing. He used it to his advantage, using his body to shield the soldiers who followed him and advancing swiftly with the men in and out of the thick of the fight.
“She is Thanos’ daughter.” Heimdall declared, tightening his grip on the cyborg woman until she winced and stilled. Gamora sprung forward, eyes pleading to the All Father.
Steve barely stopped himself from jumping after him, reminding himself that while the other guy would barely have a scratch, he was still very much mortal; so he hurriedly pulled on a parachute while shouting his orders to the remaining Avengers.
Frigga pursed her lips delicately but repeated calmly “We were speaking of the arrangements for your courting. The Director has kindly agreed to chaperon most of these meetings but there is still a possibility that his time will be limited” Frigga looked troubled by this though she smiled at her son in a joking curve of her lips “And I doubt you would like me to fill in the remaining occasions”
It was quite perverse of Thor perhaps, but he very much enjoyed the dark promise in the Captains eyes, sending a thrill of a shiver down his spine as he gently guided his faking husband down the royal halls and past the gawking, tittering Court members.
The God of Thunder struggled to hold his face clear of lust as he met the Director’s stern eye, still irate after that morning’s disaster. Thor had washed his hands thoroughly afterwards. His face blazed with a shamed blush as he recalled the handful of firm buttock he had grabbed, believing it was his intendeds.
“Thor, how are you?” Steven asked, his blue eyes ever brighter with a wicked glint “No lasting damage after the fall?”
“He will be a royal consort” Heimdall declared “He will possess the same power over our armies and resources as our crown prince does, he will have access to the magic that flows in Asgard and he will live thousands of years, if he wishes so.”
“Save it” Stark bit out, though all the heat had left his voice, and now looked at the Captain with ill-concealed yearning “I’m just glad you’re here”
The Soldier gave the God a shaky grin as one particular tactic from a good old friend came to mind “Ok, ok… Let’s see if I still remember correctly.”
Then Odin walked forward, his heavy steps silencing the bubbling chatter of the court as he spoke to the Mortal man “You are a man of skill, Captain. I thank you for this marvelous gift, it is a fine courting piece as any I have ever seen. A good omen of your nuptials.”
“I’m sorry” Steve began, his baby blue eyes full of regret mirrored thickly in his voice as he spoke softly “For not being there. I’m sorry I can’t be what you need… I wanted to, I was getting there, I thought. Somehow I’m always late…”
“As he should” Odin grinned proudly, as he seldomly did in Thor’s presence; tapping his mighty staff in resolution. “Be it so, my Son”
Days after the incident with the Idunn apple, Steven had not only recuperated; he had flourished. Taking his role in court as the Crown Prince’s consort, his steely fortitude and righteousness had resurged with a vengeance, having now a purpose and a responsibility to settle the matters of state and war. The Captain was a force not to be reckoned with in the Council Rooms.
Thor’s head shot up, his eyes wide again in that deer caught on headlights look and throwing the half fluffed pillow to the floor in a careless fling as he crawled off his sibling and onto the edge of the feather spotted bed in a mad scramble towards the Soldier.
, wow.” The man breathed, shaking the Captain’s hand for longer than it was strictly necessary as his teammates gathered around the two curiously “My name is Peter Quill, or Starlord, also a fellow human, like you…”
“So I should be thanking you?” Tony snarled, still discomfited after the statement, ungrounded and reeling.
By the time Thor arrived in America Stark had managed not only to surge from the ashes but renounce to his Ironman persona. For Love.
Thor pouted to the mirror as he fixed his already perfectly smooth hair. “But I promised the Captain”
The meeting had been a rotund success and the Masters of Magic and Construction had left with awed smiles on their faces. It was a common occurrence when speaking with the Captain.
His scream and grunt of pain echoed in the gardens just three stories under the Mortals shared rooms, and as Thor rolled out of the cage of covers he found the balcony doors on the right of Steven’s rooms burst open, revealing the man himself, sleep warm, hair in a puffy disarray, cerulean eyes wide and bemused.
Steve’s lips trembled for a short second before a hand came to hold his jaw, as if he could physically hold back his heartbreak as he brokenly croaked. “He should have asked.”
“Oh please! that was all they could talk about in Kyln!” Rocket scoffed, sitting on Groot’s shoulder in resignation “How the prince managed to fetch himself some Midgardian minx. You’re lucky Ronan got to the Collector first ‘cause he was offering a nice little planet off the side of Ego for ‘im.”
Steven swallowed harshly, his hands warm and perfect over the God’s flesh; his eyes casting wavering glances to the side but his desire burning fierce and after a long moment of nerve wrecking vacillation, the man gave in to his passion.
Steve’s eyes widened as he spied the nearest exit, the silence that reigned in the room stifling in disbelieve. He clenched the beeper in his belt and waited for the outbursts to come.
He did not finish his sentence and purposely strolled over to Mjolnir, much to the public’s jubilee, as a deafening roar of cheers and catcalls resounded around the Captains steady steps.
Steve himself had never tried it, having eyes only for Peggy, and after the ice, it was like that part of him had been shut off, still asleep as he had been for over 70 years. He just couldn’t seem to want anyone… or anything.
Steve felt a chill crawl down his spine, standing straight now as a feeling of dreed began to nest in his stomach.  He met the God’s eye and held it. “Yes”
Thor grit his teeth, resisting the urge to beat the man to a bloody pulp, he as well as all the Asgardian soldiers who witnessed such a blatant insult to his father. Odin did not waver: “ That is what you have”
The following days ‘till the wedding flew by with barely a glimpse of the Captain, as Thor had found out was probably best, knowing now of the attack, so swiftly stunted that none in the palace had caught wind of it. Smothered quickly under Odin’s fist that even the Captain had not been aware of the threat.
“Steven!” Thor beamed, dumping his whole weight on his grumpy husband, laughing when the Soldier groaned and batted at him weakly, his brilliant mind addled by sleep and his legendary patience set to it’s lowest. “You are awake! Thank the Norn’s!”
“I could never regret you Thor” Steven finally whispered, his voice tender and warm as he bestowed a kiss to his husband’s brow and promptly fell asleep. Leaving Thor to his own sentimental musings and his amazed bliss.
He caught the forewarning of a bloodcurdling smile from the Man and what fallowed would be a tale to be sung for millennia to come. The mortal man conquered the God.
The Captain turned his soulful eyes to his husband and suddenly something shifted in the air. It was only them again, under the shy moonlight and last nights pleasures sang loudly between them. Their shared touches, the heat of their bodies, the memory of their silent passion. Steven’s cheeks dusted with pink under Thor’s intense scrutiny, taking soft steps to finally stand before the God, a slender hand coming to cup his bearded face, eyes unwavering as the Soldier traced Thor’s features with a timidly wanton gaze. That skillful, artist hand caressing the God’s face and his slender fingers skimming over Thor’s lips, recalling the feel of them and the pleasure they were capable of.
“Thor, please.” Steven pleaded, voice soft and hoarse as the God’s hands became more urgent, near violent in his passion and began to undress him.
“Aye, I was” Sif answered, vague and noncommitting, cursing herself inwardly for not simply laying her truths bare to Steven, who had no more fault in her turmoil than simply being himself. She saw the man purse his lips and nod.
“You will stop this nonsense.” Loki ripped his hands from hers “This will stop nothing, will delay nothing.”
Steven laughed, gasping slightly when Thor jumped on him, molding his mouth over the Captain’s for a share of questing, happy kisses; trapping the book onto the Soldier’s chest and left forgotten for the evening. They had not kissed like this since their wedding night, some random pecks here and there, but never like this. Thor curled his fingers into the Captain’s short, golden locks, delighting in the softness of it. Steven answered his kisses with sweet caresses, shy and uncertain as he curled his hands on the God’s biceps.
“Mother” Thor reproached her, pulling away from his troubled mother and frown deep on his features “This pertains solely to the Captain and I, I will ask of you to mind your place”
And so he promptly took the pulsing cock back into his eager mouth, lips curling tight around the width and tongue swirling and flicking at the sensitive tip before sucking gently, lulling the man to a sense of easy attentions before rushing to a long, bobbing rhythm; taking the cock to the hilt in quick, punishing flow. His head thrusting up and down so harshly it jolted the Soldier’s body and prompted soft shrieks of the bed springs under.
And while being on that topic: why the fuck had supervillains of all kinds and breeds, be it magical, human, superpowered, geniuses (although that label was given
Of course, they would wait until Strange was off-world in another dimension to do card tricks or whatever it was he was doing when he left the Avengers in charge of fighting his battles.
What was he supposed to do with all the touches and kisses that were just given because Steve loved him and without any ulterior motive that he could think of? Not that he thought Steve would have any ulterior motives.
Steve liked to touch and kiss and hug just because. Just because he loved Tony. Just because he liked to have him nearby. Just because he liked to feel Tony close beside him. And that wasn’t something Tony was imagining or anything. Steve had
Putting all of the energy into his thrusters, he zoomed through the air, blasting one of the minions out of his way, while also recalibrating his course as Clint was already falling, his hairs slightly singed.
“What happened to only code names on the comm?” Ignoring the breathlessness of his voice, Tony let Steve help him up, even if he didn’t need it.
“I got rid of that title.” That was said harsher. Not that Tony was surprised or anything. It just took some attention to ignore Steve’s yelled orders to fall back. To not engage someone they had no clue what they could do.
Because he loved to cuddle. He didn’t say it, but here, behind closed doors, Tony morphed into a snuggle monster. Keeping contact nonstop, laying on top of Steve or making Steve lie on him.
He watched as the brown eyes widened in surprise. Watched as something settled in them and they got misty. Watched as the tension bled out of his shoulders.
Being back in the Tower Tony calmed down Pepper (who had stopped the meeting after he was kidnapped and moved it to next week, which was just cruel) and Rhodey (who was already on a plane to get back to New York. Silver linings).
“Okay, that’s nice but aside from the fact that you will tell me everything you know about the Multiverse, and no, that is not debatable, are you sure that other Tony didn’t deserve that.”
“You are right.” A hand grabbed Tony by the throat mid-flight and pressed down on it, denting his high-tech suit without even trying.
Steve knew Tony was a genius. Spending more than five minutes with him made sure anyone knew he was.
Although the AI’s voice was urgent, he kept his eyes on his sketch just a moment longer. Tony was in a meeting, so he was fine. And New York would most likely keep standing a moment longer.
Back to the problem at hand: Right before he had gone to the shareholder meeting, he had told Steve that he didn’t care what happened, as long as he got out of it. And Steve, of course, had told him with his stupid – beautiful – smile, be careful what you wish for.
I'm so sorry for not posting anything here for what felt like months. I had a crappy few weeks and only managed to write something that was decidedly not happy... and as I promised to at least *try* to make this less angsty...
“Don’t take it the wrong way, honey, but aside from getting me out of that meeting, you aren’t all that convincing.”
The second time Tony had been in his workshop yelling at someone over the phone because apparently they had made a mistake in an equation even a third grader would know was stupid.
Just a stupid little thing to say. So very stupid. Wish for everything you want! Fight for it! If Tony didn’t dream as wild as he did – when he slept… or was sleep deprived to be honest – he wouldn’t have thought of at least half of the inventions he made.
“19- 18 as of right now, Black Widow.” Jarvis replied, calmly. “I think it would be a good idea to assist the Hulk, Sir.”
I do plan on returning in the future. I love this story, and I do have at least 13 more installments planned. I have this story basically written out in bullet points.
“Oooookay.” Leaning forward, he put his arms on his knees and tilted his head some. “Why don’t you tell me why you kidnapped me.”
Flying out of the fire breath, he came face to face with the whoever glaring furiously at him with their amethyst-coloured eyes.
Tony had come so far since they started dating, asking this without any hint of him actually fearing he could misinterpret this. Trusting, that Steve loved him.
“You’re getting slow, Iron Ass.” Hawkeye gritted out, as the harness probably dug too deep into his body.
used any of the lovesick material he had hoarded over the last couple of weeks. (That of course didn’t mean the traitor didn’t send those pictures to Pepper and Rhodey who
“I know, I’m sorry, I didn’t… But you have to listen to me. They are using you! They are… they don’t deserve you! They don’t appreciate you and they will betray you and Rogers will try to kill you and then leave you to die in Siberia!”
Dodging another spell, because of course this supervillain was a witch or wizard or magic user or fuck whatever this annoying wanna-be-world-destroyer wanted to call themselves.
Looking around, Tony catalogued everything he saw. Behind the woman was a door, probably leading into an abandoned building. The room they were in was looking like a former office. Shoved into the corner was a desk and a chair. Empty shelves were leaning at the walls, some papers still lying around.
Maybe Tony craved the sex because he would know what to do in that situation. He often had no clue what to do when Steve was just too sweet for his own good.
Tony sat back, smiling at him, with bright eyes. It took Steve’s breath away. Tony had never been more beautiful than in that moment.
