That night, he cannot sleep, continuing to think of what he had walked in on earlier that day.
Steve shrugs, almost sullenly. “He was just… he was just
, and he was talking like normal, talking like Bucky, saying the same things that he used, and I was like… it was like I was fifteen all over again, and I couldn’t help myself. I was just-”
Tony makes his way up the stairs and towards their bedroom, his heart pounding in his chest like a jackhammer. He makes his way over to their closet and draws the door open, finding the hiding place that Steve had indicated, and he scrabbles around in the dark of the shelf, before his hand lands on something smooth and leather.
Steve pads over, crowding him against the sink, and then, wraps his arms around him, folding around him like his shield – Tony knows that there’s something that loosens in Steve’s ribcage like relief when he can hold him like this, like Tony’s a stuffed animal or a weighted blanket, and he’s happy to submit to this kind of affection if it means that the knots of tension in Steve’s shoulders unravel.
,” Tony goes onto say. “The things that I love about you: your strength, your goodness, your kindness, your determination, your stubbornness, your honesty, your protectiveness, your un-ending ability to piss me off, the fact that you continuously call me out on my shit, and when we fight, when we fight together, it’s like music, beautiful music. All of those things, they are all still
Tony sits up, shifting his legs underneath himself, ignoring the strain in his thighs. He curls his hand around the nape of his neck, pulling Steve forward so that he can kiss him slow, deep, messy, their tongues tangling.
Tony lets the grin stretch wide over his face. “It’s a little something that I bought.”
“I don’t tell her anything about our sex life,” Steve says, quickly.
“You will behave yourself,” he growls. “You will act like the chaste, virtuous,
fucking busy? He goes on conferences like all the time. Who knew there were so many insurance countries? He has secret phone calls with this woman, phone calls that he runs out of the room to take, and he’s saying really fucking suspicious things to her. Wanda…” he sighs. “Wanda, I’m not pulling this out of my ass because I stopped having sex with my husband. I didn’t just suddenly decide that my husband was sleeping with someone else because I felt lonely. I’m saying that his actions are making me suspicious, and all signs are pointing to him having an affair with this woman.”
“Tony-”
at you right in front of me,” he says, disgust lining his voice as he remembers that little scene. “You gave her the recommendation for the restaurant.”
Tony feels the anger bleeding out of him like some terrible, terrible heat with the embers dying. It tastes sour in his mouth like bile at the back of his throat, because he knows that he doesn’t deserve that apology, because he was lying, because he’s become the worst sort of person, getting offended at being caught out.
They emerge from the settlement, and Dr. Zola points to a nearby wall. The group starts that way with Zola slightly ahead.
“Are you sure about that? Because you’re standing here, working yourself into a fucking fit, because I had the nerve to not be here when you decided to show up. And you’re accusing me of lying because you found some stupid bracelet near the sink, and now, you’re interrogating my fucking AI because you don’t trust me now. You don’t trust
Tony scowls.
Jamie nods, his face changing through a series of expressions that Tony doesn’t quite know how to categorise. “Yeah, I can hear her.”
“Shower,” he tells James, who nods, and he slips into the bathroom, stepping under the almost scalding spray.
“You’re very welcome,” Natasha says, kindly.
“He identifies himself as James, sir.”
“I’m not a fucking terrorist,” Tony snarls.
Tony follows suit, shucking on his clothes to afford him some bit of protection, if only from his vulnerability, and then, he watches as Steve makes his way to the door.
Steve’s throat flexes. “When I come back,” he swallows hard, “when I come back, we will talk about this bonding of ours.”
. I can’t just…” he looks away. “I love you, Tony. Please, please don’t go, please don’t leave it like this.”
“Sorry, champ,” Steve chuckles.
“So, I’d never have to find out,” Steve says, heavily, finishing the thought for him.
“You said that your
“I thought of doing this to you the moment I saw you in that courtyard of your castle. Not like this, of course. I didn’t want it to have to come to this, but I wanted you,” Grant says, hungrily. “I thought about fucking you, the way you’d look when my cock was inside you, the slick you’d leak, and yes, this isn’t how I wanted this to happen, but I’ll take what I can get, especially with you being so fucking stubborn.”
Tony falls abruptly silent, not knowing how to answer the question without looking absurdly gentle.
Toni narrows her eyes, and then, she turns to the dozen of their friends who are gathered there, and tells them, with a brilliant, rigid smile that is often featured on her Instagram, missing that soft, vaguely flirtatious edge that she uses with Steve and Bucky in private, “give us a second, would you?”
“You look very pretty, Amma,” Peter says, shyly.
The only part of Steve that is visible is a window framing his face.
It might be her feet so close to the
“Never,
Tony nods. “I helped back in college, yeah.”
“Lost the unfulfilled feeling that I had in college,” Tony tells him, sincerely. “I know that’s really fucking sick, because I’m married and I have kids, and I love them, I do, I really fucking do, but I… I don’t know, I guess, I wanted more, I wanted the excitement like I had back in college when I was helping him, and I… I’d gotten so into my life like this, you know. It was just a long line of making nutritious lunches and helping with fractions homework and writing code for the new StarkPhone and signing mountains of paperwork in my spare time. And I guess…” he takes a deep breath, a breath that rattles in his chest, “I guess that isn’t enough for me anymore, and it makes me feel awful, because I do really love my kids, but, yeah, it hasn’t been enough for me for a while, and seeing James again, it really brought all of those feelings back to the front.”
“Come on,” he says, grimly. “We have work to do.”
Toni smooths his hair back away from his face. “Amma loves you more than anything, Petey-pie,” she murmurs, her heart swelling in her chest.
“Will you have dinner with us, James?” Maushmi asks, polite like a little princess, which makes Tony smile with all of his teeth.
Steve groans and buries his face in his hands.
“Shut up and let me in. You ever stand on a rose trellis in your bare feet?”
“You’re getting married?” Fury says, flatly.
. It was the closest I’ve felt to him in a long time, and then, we were… we made the decision to come here. I suppose…” he worries his teeth on his lower lip. “I suppose that’s the end of it, the end of what I want to say.”
Tony thinks, non-charitably, with the perfect edge of spite.
“We’re home!”
Steve is wearing a brown leather jacket, a black shirt and jeans, and Tony could honestly jump him right there.
“Anthony, do you take Steven to be your husband? Do you promise to be faithful to him in good times and in bad, in sickness and in health, to love him and to honour him all the days of your life?”
The two of them rush back into the house, and Tony exhales, the feeling of fullness ebb and turning cold in his chest. He turns his attention back to James.
There are dual screams from above, and Tony grins, ignoring the way his heart hammers in his chest.
To his credit, Steve gapes at him in disbelief, and Tony wonders whether the alpha had even heard him.
“I think you feel guilty, because you brought Obadiah Stane here, to your home, around
“You like that, baby?” he asks, his voice no better than a drawl.
Tony spreads his legs.
While the other recruits run obstacle courses, Steve struggles, winded within moments, always last, but he perseveres, pushes through the last few feet, and while he looks like he’s ready to collapse by the end of it, he still finishes, against all odds.
“Actually, Tony and I are on our way to get married after we’re done here,” Steve says, without flinching. “You’re welcome to come with us, of course. We can’t promise an expensive shindig or anything, but we’ll score some food at the nearest diner.”
“I mean, he was your brother,” Tony says, hesitantly, “and he did awful things, and now, people are talking about them.”
He fights it, fights it as hard as possible.
They get married at the lake house.
Steve’s eyes flit to the road, and the car is driving onto the side of the road, losing control. The car skids and slides in a desperate battle to put itself back on the road, but loose gravel spins it, and the car slams nose-first into a large tree.
The words wring and twist in Tony’s chest, and he feels revulsion down to the pit of his stomach.
. I’ve never… I never…. I didn’t think I was capable of loving someone the way I love them,” he confesses, lamely.
“Oh. Why?”
The bile rises in his throat, sour and bitter – is this what his husband thinks of him, the man he loves, does he think that he’s some fucking weakling that will sit here and take his infidelity and keep his mouth shut and turn a fucking blind eye?
Tony’s heart is lodged in his throat, his lungs pumping fervently, but the explosion never comes.
it if you called me
“What about you?”
Tony turns to see a beautiful woman, with dark auburn hair, a round face and green eyes, beautiful and clearly also an alpha, approaching them.
Tony hums, curling up against Steve’s side, tracing absent patterns on Steve’s chest, by his nipple. “I knew there was something about you that I liked,” he teases.
,” Steve says, pointing at Tony.
“What about Bucky?”
“Hey.”
He doesn’t even flinch to tell her that, doesn’t flinch to say that he shot those assholes in the head because they were waving guns in front of his kids’ faces.
Steve is blushing hard, his ears red.
The police swing back and forth between Natasha being the culprit, considering her existing rap sheet and the fact that she’d fled the scene and was nowhere to be found, or it being a plan to slice and dice concocted by Tony and Steve, who were the only others in the house that night, were covered in Pepper’s blood, and were an available, convenient offender that they could pin this gruesome murder on.
Steve’s mask cracks, and a smile blooms across his face. “Yeah?” he says, shyly, almost disbelievingly.
“Shit,” James hisses. “Fuck, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have-”
“Submerged?”
Tony rolls his eyes. “No, we wanted to talk to you about James.”
Steve takes the blow, and it shows on his face. “You’re right, I am.”
Tony pauses. “I’m going to come back to the idea of you watching the Vampire Diaries, but yes.”
He slips off Steve’s lap and plants himself in James’, winding his arms around his neck. He leans in close, nudging his nose against James’.
. I love you, and I love our kids, and maybe, just maybe when I’m in a better place and you’re in a better place, and
Tony nods. “I was pretty quiet as a child, so you think that he might have inherited it from me?”
Each thing that he says tightens the knot in Tony’s throat, and it’s as he feared, that his dread and his anxiety, which had prevented him from objecting to his goodbrother’s alarming behaviour, has now placed him in a situation where he has no excuse, no protest.
James grinds his teeth but doesn’t reply.
“No one’s going to kill you,” Tony insists. “Just… turn yourself in. I’ll get you a lawyer. A good one.”
“Pun intended?” Tony finds it somewhere inside him to tease.
to that. You made me anxious and scared and I was constantly looking out for you, trying to find out what you were doing, what lies you were telling me, what secrets you were keeping from me, and I was… I was terrified at first at the idea that you might have found someone else, and it made me second-guess what I thought about myself, whether I was attractive or kind or a good father or a good husband or a good cook or good at sex or whether I wasn’t keeping a clean home or whether I was expecting too much out of you or whether there was some fucking need of yours that I wasn’t satisfying. And it was all
James rolls his eyes. “Look, this is going to be dangerous; there are going to be guns and fighting and probably dead people. The dead people could include one of us,” he looks at Steve, fleetingly, “and call me crazy, but I think your husband and I are in agreement on one thing, which is that we don’t want anything to happen to you.”
, Tony thinks, with just a hint of resentment.
Bhim returns in moments, and in his once-free hand, is a tall, golden pole, like a scepter, with a little hatch at the top. With a sound of triumph, he manages to put the medallion and the scepter together. They fit perfectly.
,” she admits, grudgingly.
“Natasha is my friend; she’s a good friend, but you are more important to me. And I… I don’t know, I guess this falls on whether you trust me, whether you trust what I’m saying about me not being interested in Natasha, not sleeping with her, not touching her, not
Tony was instantly smitten from that moment onwards, and it all tumbled from thereafter.
“Will you please, please, just listen to me?” Steve says, in a voice that is brittle like glass.
Steve grinds his teeth, a visible flex in his jaw.
Even Lord Steven appears to be surprised, even upset at the audacity of the question. “I–”
“Here,” Tony says, roughly, when he withdraws. He removes the chain from around his neck. “This belongs to you. If it wasn’t for this, for
“I’ll be back soon,” he promises, slipping out of the car.
“Steve!” he shouts. “Steve, can you hear me?”
Tony struggles against Thor’s wall of muscle. “He fucking assaulted my boyfriend,” he snaps. “He’s lucky I’m not rearranging his fucking face, and he has the fucking nerve to tell me that there’s no way to fucking
Steve leans back, and Tony crawls forward, hands splaying out on Steve’s thighs, so that he can fit himself in the little crevice between his legs. First, he reaches out and nuzzles at the join of Steve’s thigh, just shy of his cock, the scratch of his pubic hair more bristly than soft. He reaches out and licks at the head of his cock, tasting the bitter-salt of Steve’s pre-come and humming in satisfaction.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” Steve grinds out, staring up at the ceiling.
“I want you to kiss me,” Tony says, firmly.
They lapse into an awkward silence.
“What is it? Do you hear something?”
“Lord Stane,” he says, and his voice is low, deep, solid.
Howard jumps on that. “What?”
A bad dream.
“Good?” Steve checks in.
He raises his hand, tipped with knives, and brings it down, ready to slice Tony up.
Steve flushes.
“No, it’s fine,” Tony tells him, giving him a half-smile that he hopes helps. “I should… I should go to the hospital and see how Wanda’s doing.”
“What the fuck do you think you’re doing?” Tony snaps, struggling against the man who holds his arms behind his back. The man in charge turns around, and in his hand is the poker that Tony had just abandoned, its end glowing molten. He advances on Tony, and fear slithers against his lungs, against his belly, as his entire body becomes dead-weight in fear.
not, Tony. It would not be right,” Lord Steven insists, like he’s making any sort of sense.
,” Tony stresses.
“So, why did she blame me?” Tony asks, peering at her.
“I wish…” Bucky’s throat flexes, “I wish I’d gotten the chance to know him. I wish… I wish I’d known him as your husband and not as, as a victim of the Winter Soldier. I wish… I could have spared you this.”
There’s laughter in the background, dark, mad laughter, the slamming of hard doors. A lamb skitters past him, running off into the dark. Tony watches it for a moment, and then, he hears another sound, a sound that digs deep in his belly, a high-pitched scrape of metal against metal, and it sets his teeth on edge.
Tony nods, lets Steve pull him to his feet and lead him towards the apartment.
“And Bucky?”
Dr. Banner has in his hands another hypodermic needle. “Now, this is just going to let you relax and sleep, Tony–”
“It’s nice,” she commented.
“I told you that I would not come to your bed–”
His eyes track upwards, and there, in the sky, he can see Pepper and Rhodey working like a well-oiled machine even if this is the first time that Pepper ever wore the Rescue armour – the only thing better would be if Tony were up there to fight
“Something’s wrong,” he says, his voice clipped.
Steve’s eyes open and flutter shut. “Fuck,” he says, resoundingly.
“Run! Get out of here!” he hisses at him.
One of them snarls and lunges for Steve and calls him
“I’m an engineer; I use crowbars for all sorts of things, and I had quite the collection in that apartment,” Tony tells him, his voice sharp like flinders.
“Why don’t you two get washed up? And get your jammies on,” Tony tells the twins, and they rush off towards their bedroom.
James just stares at him for a moment, unblinking, quiet. “What?” he says, after a long moment, with an unsure tongue, like he’d been expecting a fight, another slap, but not these words.
“I don’t know.” Tony swallows hard. “But I know just who to ask. Come on.”
“Yeah,” Tony grins, shamelessly. “Why don’t you take a seat on the bed, huh?”
“It’s quite alright,” Tony cuts him off. He turns on his feet, as a pretty omega nurse approaches. “Now,
Steve drags his hand over his face. “I’m hoping that they’ll just think it was an awful nightmare,” he tells him, exhaustion showing through his eyes. “How’s Wanda?”
“Do you want us to wait for you? We can do another run of the planetarium?” Steve offers.
“And he’s generous, always generous,” Tony adds on.
, Steve?”
“Oh,” Peter says, and Toni can’t tell anything about he’s feeling about that from that monosyllabic word.
“They’re spending the night at Sam and Wanda’s,” Tony explains.
Tony gnaws on his lip, as a smile threatens to break out across his face. “I kind of like that idea,” he confesses.
“Let’s do this,” he declares and storms towards the warehouse.
He spots the pen knife lying on the bed, and he wonders why he hadn’t seen it when Grant was raping him, wonders why he hadn’t thought to use it and open Grant’s throat from ear to ear instead of suffering him on top of him.
that he would leave the world together. He and I… we were always meant to be together, but at some point, I left him behind, and I always thought we’d make it back together at some point, but we never did. He just left, left me alone in this world, left me alone to navigate a world which didn’t have him in it.”
"I'm going to hop up to get a better vantage point," Peter whispered and turned to crawl up the wall and he saw Bucky reach out and then hesitate. Peter smiled. "Buck, it's fine. Promise I won't engage."
"I - I'm so confused," Peter breathed, eyes wide.
"There's the Tasha part," he moaned, holding his nose.
The air crackled and fizzled for a moment which was usual when JARVIS turned FRIDAY's voice capabilities on.
"Steve and Tony will go talk to the manager," Black Widow instructed, nodding to both of them who obediently left. "And you two will follow me out to where Bucky is." Peter didn't hesitate but Harley did until Black Widow gave him a reassuring look.
"Don't you dare!" Natalia snarled, struggling again.
Peter froze. "Of who?"
"Here." Steve ran out the back of the garage, barely catching Natalia and Bucky on motorcycles and heading out. Steve hopped on his own and followed. "Jarvis? Peter's location?"
She was missing something.
Steve sighed. "He'll tell us-" he stopped. "Wait what?" He looked at Thor.
Natasha sighed. "There's no evidence that she had any idea you were kidnapped." Peter's smile returned, triumphant and smug.
The fifteen year old was sprinting off of the subway and using some of his enhanced senses to fly towards the school. He looked around from a moment and then hopped the fifteen foot fence to get into the back of the school.
Three things happened after that.
"I'll get
you did the right thing."
Steve cleared his throat. "I'll-I'll go."
"Yeah, uh, yeah." Steve recovered quickly. "Yeah, I...I do it...drawing a lot..." Tony smirked.
"We got to Tony and he was kidnapped by AIM." Natalia debriefed. "We parked the quinjet in the air and jumped onto the AIM plan but we were expected and imprisoned. Killian broke Peter's cheekbone and threw Tony off the side of the plane. Then Tony came back with wings and killed everyone with them."
Steve made his way to Schmidt who was holding the Tesseract, an object of ultimate power. Apparently the power was too much and Schmidt disintegrated.
"Julian." the man introduced himself.
When he came to, a man named Yinsen was with him, he had an arc reactor in his chest, and he was stuck in a cave-forced to serve the Ten Rings (except Tony never served anyone and he sure as hell wasn't going to serve a terrorist group.)
here."
And then Peter was yelling something too, waving at the giant hole that was in Harley's garage. And that's when Iron Man landed, thrusters turned off as soon as he hit the ground. Then, Tony
"God, I forgot about that," he frowned. "Um...I'm going to go visit May."
I'm sorry but this is just about my favorite line I have ever come up with:
Peter rolled his bottom lip between his lip. "Yeah. Yeah of course I know."
There were people yelling at him, trying to take a picture as flashes surrounded him. Peter couldn't breathe - he couldn't move -
," Natasha seethed, hand never shaking.
"Yeah," Peter's noise of agreement was breathless and she could tell that he was coming down from crying softly. "That's - that's okay. Thank you,"
"Okay." Steve hefted his shield and looked at everyone. "Let's save Tony."
" Stark yelped. "You almost had a
He crawled across the top, waiting for a moment and wondering if the man was around here somewhere. Deciding to leap down, Peter crouched low and landed. He wandered to the middle, looking around and waiting.
They filed into the car and Tony slid into the back back seat by himself. Steve sat up front, next to Natasha and Bruce, Clint, and Thor sat in front of Tony.
"Once May is gone." Natasha intercepted.
"Yeah it's gonna. Better?" Harry asked, sounding concerned.
They were taller than he was-almost eight feet long when he was just six years old. Since they were so long, Tony decided to test something.
"I found him when he was walking home," Bucky chimed in, walking to the kitchen to kiss Sam on the cheek. "After ah...running into a gang..."
am a year
going to let that woman see Peter?"
"Thank you for your cooperation," Natasha said and May looked crestfallen fro a brief second before nodding.
He looked down at the drawing he had been working on and realized it was Tony's wings.
"Exactly what I meant," Peter gave a small yawn, wiping off some of the dust on his shorts. It was going to be a long Monday.
When he was younger he would literally tip backwards and fall flat on his back. He felt like he would squish something but he could never figure out what. Bullies caught on quickly to his weakness and would simply tap his shoulder, cackling as he pin-wheeled his arms-trying to stay up-before falling flat on his butt.
Tony didn't protest much besides growling for the rest of the day.
The next two levels were just rooms. Three to four kids was the limit to one room. Each room had at least two bunk beds, a closet, a few lamps, and two or three desks for clothes.
"Steve?" She whispered.
Steve smiled. "Good to hear." He studied the picture again as they fell into silence.
Natalia shrieked when she entered the room.
?" Steve gaped.
Steve turned and saw that Peter's wings had stumbled, causing him in turn to stumble as well. He shot up and glanced at Steve, worriedly. Steve moved his head slightly to pretend he didn't see and Peter ran away. Steve sighed and stared at the TV. Bruce said that Peter's wings would never fully heal.
Since then, the two hadn't gotten together or anything - Tony had been swept up by Steve Rogers and Natasha had drunkenly flirted her way into a relationship with Virginia "Pepper" Potts - but they stuck close together like siblings. Her relationship with Tony became just about as strong as her relationship with Clint. It was the two most strongest relationships she had her life, and definitely the strongest within the Avengers team. Those were the two people she trusted her life with.
Natasha kissed her girlfriend in true New Year's cliché fashion as fireworks went off behind them.
...and opened again.
Clint Barton's wings were a dark brown and stretched out seven feet long. They were like hawk wings and that made sense because he was Hawkeye. Clint asked Steve if he could see them and Steve nodded. Clint nodded back and sat down next to who Steve guessed was Natasha Romanoff.
"Steve." Bucky leaned over the couch and Steve's ears perked up. "Would you...be my best man?"
"Backup?" Clint asked.
Steve snorted at the comment, but thought it was pretty accurate that night, looking down at himself.
Steve was starting to see what he meant.
She hated when she missed something.
Bucky was smooth in his movements as he grabbed the woman's neck and slammed her against the wall to the right. The bald man yelled in surprise and backed up as the other three kicked into high gear and attempted to attack Bucky which was a bad idea.
Tony frowned. "Shellhead?"
"How the fuck did this happen?" Tony swore and Steve sent him a look, chiding him on his language.
"May I gotta
"Everyone, just calm down," Pepper stepped forward, typing furiously on her phone. "I'm scheduling a press conference, I'll state the facts, none of you have to come, I have it under control." She smiled warmly at Peter who tried to say thank you but nothing came out.
Peter grinned. "Thank you Jarv. Keep a secret would you?" and he pulled out his costume and shoved it on. "I'll be back soon, promise." And he jumped out of his window, free-falling before throwing out a web and swinging.
"Where did you take my Aunt?" Peter asked, frowning.
"Uh, thanks," Harley licked his lips. "You were
going to do now?" Harley corrected. Peter cocked his head.
Tony tried and found he couldn't cry.
The day after that, they blew up the lounge.
The wizard shot at him and the suit just froze and then dropped down without any grace to it. Steve saw the red and yellow glare as it spun out of control next to him and falling down from the sky to the  ground below. It sent Steve into an immediate panicked frenzy with his heart beat speeding up.
"What are
"I won't tell," Bucky looked like he might regret that decision but he relented easily. "I promise. Let's just get you cleaned up and then we can head back into the penthouse." Bucky used the pad of his thumb to brush at something - probably blood - on Peter's face but Bucky made a look that seemed like all he had done was smudge it. "We should go. Come on,"
Sam handed the plate to Thor who happily took it and starting walking to Peter's room as Natasha spoke up again, "He's doing fine. We - we talked. And...I'm thinking of letting May come live with us."
Tony barked a laugh that seemed a bit like a sob. "I can't believe you Cap. I do everything wrong and you
Peter chewed his lip but turned and ran after MJ and Ned, just barely catching the bus.
Steve completely froze.
"Everyone basically got drunk last night." Natasha summed up their party and Scott laughed.
JARVIS went quiet again and Peter didn't wait for a response as he slipped out of the room and through the window. He attached himself to the glass for a brief moment, glancing back before sling shooting himself towards the nearest building.
"Oh yeah," Tony pondered that for a moment before drowning himself in coffee.
This will be cross-posted to my Wattpad once I finish the book and it's completely published. (The Wattpad version will have a graphic cover and graphic breaks. AO3 isn't great at having photos that stick around in the work so that's why.
2003 - Peter is kidnapped
Captain America stepped forward and Peter hushedly whispered, "The Avengers are here."
"It'll be fine man!" Harry shrugged Peter's concerns off and opened the door. "You like spiders right?"
"Here, let me take you," Harley suggested.
"Because they're beautiful." Steve blurted.
“I love you too. I wish I could stay.”
“Tony,” James exhales in a well of relief.
Steve slips under the covers and turns to face him. “Is that your way of telling me that you
Tony doesn’t return the favour, chews on his lower lip until he hears Steve’s breathing slow, and desperately tries to claw back the tears that sting at his eyes.
Steve and Tony will be easy targets.
“We will stick to the business at hand, Herr Stark.’
He squeezes his cock, pointedly.
“Oh, he’s SHIELD,” Tony says, briefly looking over his shoulder.
“Is this yours?”
Steve pushes up, with a groan, when his hole closes around the first inch of his cock like a vice. Tony’s nails dig into Steve’s bare shoulders, and he bears down, Steve’s hips rising until he’s fully inside him. The stretch burns a little at first, even with all of that slick to ease the way, but the pressure is deep, all-encompassing, nothing like he’s ever felt before, nothing that he expected from his first time (he had been convinced that his first time would be painful and dry and uncomfortable with a selfish, cruel alpha who wasn’t interested in his pleasure at all beyond anything that his soft, lithe omega body could provide for
Tony grabs a flashlight lolling on one of the chairs and bashes the pilot on the back of the head. The pilot drops down into the cockpit, his body falling on the throttle, and the engines roar louder, revving up.
“That’s very brave of you,” he says, quietly.
“You do?” he asks almost like a child.
“Okay, so I actually had ulterior motives for showing up here tonight,” Natasha says, slowly.
Steve snickers. “You were anglin’ for that, weren’t you?”
“Colonel?” she says, carefully.
His phone buzzes insistently in his pocket. When he looks at the screen through a vision that’s blurred with tears, he sees a message from Steve:
“I was crying so hard, and I… I was talking to the doctor, and Sam wanted to take over, you know, because he knew it was so hard for me to even get the words out, but I wouldn’t even let him touch the phone. I was trying to get the doctor to hold off from unplugging him, at least until I got there, but he said that he’d kept him there for long enough as it is, that they needed the bed for someone else, and that he just needed my consent over the phone, as Pietro’s next of kin. So, I gave him my consent. We flew over, went to the hospital, had a quiet burial, just me and Sam and the friend that had called him and dropped Pietro in the hospital. And I thought… I thought things would be okay, you know, after we buried him, that we could heal. But really, this is where everything began.”
He locks it for full measure.
Tony approaches cautiously and picks up the envelope. Inside are pictures, glossy with newness, as they spill into his hand.
The nurse scrambles away as Dr. Banner claps his hand over the wounds. He looks straight into Tony’s face, and then, Tony smiles, smiles a broad, nightmarish smile, and then, he pulls something out of the sheets, a filthy, worn hat, the killer’s hat.
“Oh, so, you’re trying to say that they’re completely innocent?” Steve lifts an eyebrow.
“Beginning serum infusion in five, four, three, two... one.” Abraham presses a switch.
“Fuck,” he says, resoundingly.
All of the alphas that would have raped him are lying on the ground, groaning or unconscious, bleeding furiously and definitely bruised all over, and then, Agent Carter comes for him.
The air releases in a hiss, and Tony reaches behind him to grip the arm of the couch, just as Steve’s mouth closes around the head of Tony’s cock. It’s a tentative suck at first, and then, his mouth rubs down further, reaches further until he’s brushing the base of his cock.
“I know,” he says, gently. He swallows hard. “The reason why you weren’t around to help with the kids, that was because of SHIELD.”
“Fuck you,” Tony swears. “At least have the decency to admit it to my face.”
Tony sighs. “He’s studying. He’s got that trig test tomorrow.”
“Each bond you buy protects someone you love. So our boys will be armed and ready–”
Steve shakes his head.
“Thank you,” he says, haltingly, in a low, rushed voice, “for the talk, for the… for the tea, for everything. You don’t know what it means for me.”
On the first-year anniversary of the Snap, Tony and Steve don’t get out of bed.
Steve had just raised one of his eyebrows and picked the guy bodily up by the collar, the muscles in his bicep flexing against his leather jacket, and by this time, Tony had raised his head from where he’d been drowning in his sorrows in tequila, intrigued, watching the alpha-male anthropological study in front of him.
“Oh,” he says, quietly. “Oh, I’m going to kill the bastard.”
They’re digging into the back of the linen closet, rooting through boxes, when they finally come across an old photo album, with long ring binding a gold front. Tony cracks it open, and the plastic creaks.
“I’m fine,
Tony watches them with keen interest, and then, Steve enters the hall, collects all of his rations on his tray, and then, takes a seat at his usual table with Tony.
James’ fist clenches, and he brings it down on the counter. “I’m supposed to stop him, to kill him, so he can’t ever hurt you again, and I’m… I’m failing.” He looks away. “I shouldn’t be failing, not where your life and your family’s life is at stake.”
“You’ll let me know if you need me. For anything?” James clarifies.
“Believe me,” Tony says, coldly, “they will be very interested, and when months pass, and I do not swell with a child, their eyes will turn on me, and they will deem
“Steve, I… I had a really bad dream in class,” he stutters, feeling stupid even as the words leave his mouth.
“Let’s get out of here,” Steve tells him, a blinding smile fixed on his face.
Steve laughs – they both know that if they don’t laugh, they’ll cry.
. And this guy, James, Bucky, whatever he chooses to call himself, he clearly has feelings for you. I’m just saying…” he shrugs, “you probably shouldn’t be worried about Steve leaving you for the Bucky Barnes; you should probably be worried about the Winter Soldier stealing you from your husband.”
They make their way down the stairs, towards the kitchen, so that he can go into the backyard through the back door. He unlocks the bolt that Jarvis would have always made sure was airtight before leaving for date night with Ana. The key turns, and the chain is removed. Tony opens the door, wandering out, holding onto a baseball bat between his hands.
Steve’s fist comes down hard on the coffee table, making it rattle, making the liquid inside the decanter slosh and spill over the lip of the bottle.
“If they need me for something, I suppose I shall go upstairs,” Tony says, blithely.
your father.”
Tony shakes his head. “There are… he has so many secrets from me, Wanda,” he says, more of a whisper than anything. “He doesn’t tell me where he’s going; he’s out of the house constantly, and he tells me that it’s just work, that he’s so busy at the office; what fucking insurance claims agent is
Tony shifts on his feet, heat curling in his belly, almost mocking, and he waits, waits until Steve is done, and then, Steve pulls back, his eyes widening on obscene horror.
“Yeah. I can make another one, or I’m sure I have like a hundred sitting in my drawer in my workshop, but DUM-E always rearranges everything,” Tony mutters.
Maushmi smiles. “Daddy, can you put me down?”
. I felt like I was on the outside, like I was something he was ashamed of.”
“Because you pretty much just said that without saying it.” Tony stares at the wall, feeling a little weak. “You know this, but I guess that you’re forgetting about it because you’re fixating on what’s happening to you right now, but I’m not exactly some specimen of health over here, you know?” he says, bitterly. “In Afghanistan, when I was blown up and Yinsen had to, uh, to remove the shrapnel, Yinsen had to perform a sternotomy – that’s, uh, that’s when you crack open the chest.”
Tony falls in love with the look in his eyes. “Steve, receive this ring as a sign of my love and fidelity, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit.”
“Do go on,” Steve says, eyes darting from the camera’s view to the view in real life, as if he doesn’t quite know which one is more appealing.
Tony purses his lips, the humiliation a sting, in comparison to his mother’s shout of outrage.
you, Tony. I need you like I need nothing else in this world, and you need me too, don’t you? You can’t live without me, as much as I can’t live without you. I’m the only one who can make you feel this way, aren’t you? Your body sings only for me, doesn’t it? Say it, Tony, say it, say that you’re mine, that I’m the only who can do this to you, make you feel this way?”
“So, why do you expect me to do less for you?”
Another truth is that Steve could have taken advantage of him that night, and he didn’t, not just because he didn’t want Tony in that way, but because he understood things better than Tony did, understood what Tony didn’t want to understand.
“I mean, you’ve
Jamie looks at him, surprised. “Yeah?”
But when Tony closes his eyes, all he sees is Grant on top of him.
Steve grunts at his filth and shoves the vibrator deep inside Tony’s greedy body, with a dirty little grind, making him arch his back and all the words fall off his tongue, as he tries to catch his breath and allow his mind to reboot.
A kid in the ground stands up in his seat, pointing at a fake Hitler creeping from the wings, Steve seemingly not noticing.
Toni’s smile is quivering at the edges. “Is that so?”
“Just,” Howard grunts, “go and find Abraham, would you? I think he was looking for you.”
“Yeah, that’s right,” Tony says, bluntly. “I want you to kiss me.”
“I don’t want you to,” Tony admits. “I want to watch it with you later.”
“Because I thought at first, if I confronted you over it, you’d stammer a bit, you’d deny it, but you’d finally have the fucking dignity to admit it to my face, not like you seem to be doing right now, of course,” he says, derision lining his voice. “I thought, actually,
Maushmi, on the other hand, is loud. She makes her presence known, and she fights, fights hard and never gives an inch. Tony is stubborn, but Maushmi’s stubbornness is all Steve’s, the sort of stubbornness that is born in a Brooklyn alleyway, defending yourself from bullies twice your height with a trash-can lid. Maushmi would do that, would jump into the fray without a second thought and would kick a bully in the crotch all for the sake of being a bully.
“Here, let me help,” Grant drawls and comes up behind Tony, pushing up the length of his body against Tony’s.
Tony has beautiful children, twins, for one, who are kind and smart and polite and healthy. When he looks at Peter and Maushmi, he can’t believe he ever thought he was capable of love, because anything he felt before the moment where they laid the two babies in his arms is nothing compared to what he feels now. It’s the sort of love that makes his lungs stretch to impossible limits, like he’s about to break apart, like he’s going to be unstitched and all of his insides will spill out, because a mortal, flesh and blood body is just not enough for this sort of love. It’s a terrifying kind of love, one where his lungs and heart are perpetually in his throat, because he’s constantly afraid, constantly worried for them, waiting for the moment where the bough breaks.
“Because you’re angry at me, aren’t you?” Tony points out. “Because I left Wanda.”
“I think you think I’m worthless and stupid and undeserving of everything you so generously give to me. I think you don’t love me, and you sure as hell don’t like me very much,” Tony says, carefully, with daggers in every word, feeling giddy and sick all at once. “Maybe you killed him because you love me, maybe you killed him because you feel like shit about what he did to me, but you don’t get to stand here after a decade of resentment and hate and disinterest and blatant fucking dislike, where you ruthlessly and without quarter point out each and every single one of my fucking shortcomings like you’re on a game show and you explain to me how much I disappoint you and how I’ll never amount to anything because you know,
“I ruined the mood,” he says, feeling self-conscious. “It was good, what we were doing. It was hot, and we were about to come, and I got… I got scared, and I just had to…” he trails off, his throat working around the lump in his throat. “I ruined the mood,” he finishes, pathetically.
“Are you sure?” he says, in a low, hushed voice.
“If you’re sure,” Tony repeats, feeling stupid as he says it.
“What?” he asks, defensively.
s’. They dragged him away. I’m pretty sure they shot him because that’s what they do, the British. They kill us if we say too much.”
So, what does his pride matter in the long run, if it means that he can keep Steve and his family whole?
Tony thinks he understands, because sometimes he feels that way about Rhodey, has felt that way since they first became friends at MIT, where he was the scrawny brown boy who opened his mouth way too much and didn’t act subservient enough to all the white, rich boys who immediately put themselves above him in the totem pole by virtue of his skin colour even if he could buy and sell all those people multiple times over, and Rhodey was the tall, slight black boy that had to fight for people to accept that he had a place there, that he wasn’t just some affirmative action win, that he was smart and he deserved to be there.
, and what, this sudden desire to lose yourself in me, that came out of the blew, did it? That was just spontaneous, was it? Bullshit,” he spits. “
James groans at the words.
Steve grunts, and Tony can see his hands fisting in the sheets. Tony smiles, and his fingers curl around the base of his cock, and in response, Steve ruts against his grip, his cock jumping. Tony’s hand starts sliding his fist along his shaft, while his mouth angles over the head of his cock, sucking softly.
“How about a drink for you and your men?”
Tony’s eyes meet his, and he has this absurd wish to kiss him like they did in that tent, but he doesn’t.
Tony’s eyes flit over to Steve. “You getting uncomfortable over there, baby?”
done that, all of that damage.
“Steve,” he says, a lump forming in his chest, something tightening in his chest.
In truth, he has no objections; he will cringe at the thought of leaving his home, but if his parents had lived, he would have left his home, nonetheless; he is simply fulfilling the purpose which alphas have expected from omegas as long as alpha and omega have existed.
Grant’s fingers slide between his legs.
shit with me either. I have never expressed an issue with the way we have sex. Yes, I have my kinks, and I’ve always shared them with you. I have never forced you into anything, and for fuck’s sake, you’ve even
Tony climbs onto the main deck of the Nazi ship, and then, suddenly, water is washing over his feet. Quickly, he realizes that the ship is beginning to submerge. He runs through quickly deepening water toward the haven of the conning tower. Halfway there, he slips and goes down. He manages to grab the base of the mast-aft light, stopping him from being swept away. He struggles to his feet and sloshes through knee-deep water to the base of the conning tower. Tony climbs the ladder to the bridge of the conning tower and looks down, the water rising toward him fast.
“It’s not… I mean, I know it sounds bad, and it
If he looked strange on the floor the way that he did, he definitely looks strange on his feet, with the uniform hanging over his bony shoulders, thin hips, stick-like legs – it should look like something funny, but Tony’s fairly certain that Steve would punch him in the face if he laughed, and then, Rhodey would punch Steve, and it would just end up in a total fucking mess that Tony would just rather do without.
“How do you, uh, how do you feel about that?”
And then, they begin with the drowning.
Tony swallows hard and nods. “I’m fine.”
“I’ve got your back, Jack,” Wanda says, solemnly, offering her fist to Tony to tap.
Steve’s face twists with distaste.
home. I’ve dropped the shield. It’s Sam’s now. Bucky… Bucky will do just fine without me. So will you. So will the Avengers. I’ll still be around, but I… I can’t be Captain America anymore. There’s… there’s just not enough of me to be Captain America. I hope you can respect that.”
“This wasn’t just me, Tony,” Steve says, woodenly.
Steve rolls down his sleeve, once the nurse removes the canula from his vein. “Erskine deserved more than that,” he says, quietly.
“Clearly nothing, right? Because he’s
James sits forward and scours his pale, intent gaze on every inch of the park that he can see, and then, he shakes his head.
Steve swallows hard, and there’s a glint of heat in his eyes, and then, he’s nodding.
Tony almost whines. “As you wish,” he says, demurely, and his fingers go to the straps of the lingerie, pulling it down his bare arms. “Like that, baby?”
“Right off the fucker’s head,” Tony drawls. “You believe me now?”
Fury considers him for a moment, and his gaze slides to Steve. “What do you think, Captain Rogers?”
Tony comes first, his body pulling tight like stretched piano wire before snapping, his cock spilling onto the wall in front of him, leaving dark streaks where it seeps into the brick. Steve chases his orgasm, until Tony’s hole squeezes him so tight that he makes a noise that doesn’t sound altogether human, his hands tightening on Tony’s hips, until his knot is swelling, piercing his body, locking them together, as he continues to come and come and come.
Steve sweeps away the last of the glass still clinging to the pane, and the two of them duck inside. It’s a proper preschool classroom, with little desks and little chairs, facing a teacher’s desk, behind which is an old chalkboard on the back wall. Homemade arts-and-crafts decorations smother the bulletin boards.
want you. I have never stopped wanting you.
Natasha sighs, rubbing her hand over her face. “It was dark, but I'm sure there was someone else
Tony bites his lip to hide his smile stretching out. “That’s adorable.”
Tony opens his mouth, about to say something either incredibly stupid or incredibly heart-warming, but he doesn’t get a shot to even push a word out, because Steve’s expression is shuttering over, closing off to everyone and anyone, and he lifts his head.
He hangs there and he falls asleep.
“Where are the babies?” Steve asks, changing the subject.
Sam’s face changes just briefly, just the slightest bit, but Tony catches it, and he leans back in his chair, equal parts rage and hurt pumping through him.
Sometimes, he feels like if something happened to Rhodey, he’d feel it, he’d know, know it in his bones, but it would be like he lost of his very self, that he’d only exist as half a human being, that he didn’t know whether he could exist in this world where James Rhodes doesn’t exist, is not by his side, does not share in the significant moments of Tony’s life.
He turns onto his side, giving Tony his back, and Tony knows that the conversation is over.
Hodge yells and scrambles back, the chair tipping backwards and crashing to the ground, along with him.
Tony lifts an eyebrow.
“And then, I was walking up the stairs at the same time, and I was about to pick a fight with the piece of shit, and before I even knew what was happening, you were shoving him down the stairs. He hit the ground, and his neck was broken.”
conversation with.”
Tony blinks at him, slow and wide.
“-so in love with him?” Tony guesses.
Tony stares at him, bemused.
“The old white guy who looks down my dress and who told me, about a month after my father died, that I had no business thinking myself competent enough to run a company and that I should go home and see about finding a husband whom he could have an
Tony was absolutely right.
James hardly dares hope. “So, does that mean that if you weren’t married-”
Toni makes a soft noise of disgust, before it morphs into something high-pitched, that might actually become a shriek if she opened her mouth.
Tony covers his face with his hands, as if that would scour the image of Pepper’s brutalised corpse from his mind. And then, he’s running, his waist curving around the open windowsill, so that he can throw up the contents of his stomach into the bushes.
The door to the bedroom opens, and Steve is standing in the doorway, and anything he might have continued to say falls short as Steve gets a good look at him.
The two are in full view of the open door, and Tony doesn’t know how to react. Grant has his hands on the boy’s hips and is thrusting ferociously, making quiet little grunts with each snap of his hips. The boy is gripping the edges of the table, crying out, his face matted with sweat, twisted up with pleasure.
There’s a photo of a birthday party. Tony’s, he thinks, considering that he’s in the centre, wearing a bright purple cone hat on top of his head. He can see himself, his parents, Ana and Jarvis, of course; Steve is there with his mother, along with Natasha and her mother, and Pepper and her parents. Rhodey and Bucky are even there with their families.
“Yeah, he… caught me when I was too tired,” Steve mumbles, crumpling into quietness.
Tony carefully turns the lid to the jar, lifting it away and slipping his hands inside. His fingertips come into contact with the insulation foam, and he fishes inside until his fingers close around the slim, smooth objects, pulling them out carefully.
Toni’s hands are on her hips. “What the hell is going on here?” she demands.
“So, what are your terms?” Dr. Zola asks, curiously.
“I think it’s bullshit,” Steve offers, “and of course, it’s my fault too.”
“I’m not just a pretty face that makes killer peanut butter and jelly sandwiches; I also bring home the bacon,” Tony says, flawlessly. “Now, if you don’t mind, Caroline, I’d like to say goodbye to my children. I’m sure you have your own goodbyes to make.”
“I was scared,” Tony confesses, like he’s bleeding out all the worst parts of himself for Steve to see, because what else is left? What else is he protecting? They’re already at the end of everything, and if this ends in divorce, let it be said that he’s allowed Steve to know everything, that he held nothing back. “I was… it was like a powder keg, our marriage, for so long, at least to me. I was so convinced that if I touched it just a little too much, pushed a little too hard, everything would blow up and you’d walk away. I don’t know what I’d do if you walked away,” he says, miserably.
“Oh, Tony,” Wanda says, softly.
, that he hated
“An old friend,” he says, vaguely. “He’d just come back to the States after a long time away. I haven’t seen him since college. He came around the house this morning, though. So, we went out for lunch, just to catch up.”
“No, I’m just saying that traditionally, non-Italian places don’t make good pizzas,” Steve says, defensively.
But that’s not Tony.
“Hold it,” he calls out.
“I think we need to go and talk to her.” Tony’s voice is taut, stubborn.
“Stop,” Fury says, tersely. He eyes them for a moment. “You dropped it into the ocean, didn’t you?”
He keeps his promise for the entirety of his heat.
Maushmi tugs at his arm. “Tony,
“Holy shit,” Steve gasps and tumbles onto the mattress beside him.
man,” Steve corrects.
“Right, yeah, I’ll go and see what’s going on. No, just some neighbours having a fight, I guess. I’m fine, I’m fine! Call you in the morning!”
Tony shakes his head, wordlessly, unable to help the arousal deepening, spreading down to his fingers and toes.
-” Tony accuses.
The three of them had come to a decision at the beginning, that Tony and Steve would work on their relationship, get back to a stable place, while James worked on remembering who he was, coming to terms with everything that he’d learned about himself and everything that had happened to him, the identities that he had to reconcile, and when the three of them were in comfortable places individually, they would come back together and talk about where to go from there.
Steve’s hand comes to cover the back of Tony’s head, and Tony likes the weight, feels his eyes flutter shut in response, and a shiver of pleasure curl in his head. Steve even leans forward, pressing his lips to Tony’s forehead.
Steve is already gone from the house even before he wakes up.
Summary: Steve knocks on his door.
“We’d just started watching Tiny Pretty Things.”
“Fuck, Steve, don’t stop,
There are tears edging his eyes, and he’s screaming,
“Agent Carter, I might be in love!” he calls out.
“And you didn’t… why the fuck didn’t you tell me?” Steve demands, his face contorted into visible, visceral grief. “Why didn’t you tell me that our kids apparently had this shit view of me? I could’ve… I could’ve changed things, fixed things.”
“Steve,” Tony says and puts a hand on Steve’s arm.
“No, nothing,” his mother is quick to say.
“Are you going to kill me?” Tony asks, his eyes fixed on the gun that hasn’t moved from the table.
“Aren’t you supposed to be picking up a medal right about now?” Tony demands, flipping the blue HYDRA cartridge between his hands.
Tony purses his lips thin. “What about that time you came over?”
“Steve,” Tony says, approaching him cautiously.
Tony licks his lips, feeling the stinging bite of shame all over his body, colouring his face and neck hot with it.
The fire has started to dip, to end, and there are ashes that someone will collect for them.
James winds his arms around Tony’s waist. “It’s because you love so much, doll,” he murmurs into Tony’s shoulder, his arms tightening like he fears Tony will fade between the grip of his embrace. “And whatever you were stressing out about, they were normal, reasonable worries for a parent. But they were all dealt with. Did we do good?”
“No!” Steve barks back at the exact same pitch. “Tell me what happened.”
He tries the front door, and it’s locked.
“Yeah,” Tony says, finally. He lowers his voice to a breathy register, with that hazy look of desire plastered across his face. “Come on, baby,
Pepper scowls at him. “Hey, don’t pretend like you and Steve aren’t going to be doing the exact same thing once we go to bed, okay?”
Tony opens the door, carefully, the air tight in his chest, and his fingers curl tight around the base of the candelabra, ready to bash it against the skull of the person on the other side.
When they pull away, Tony looks over at Steve, just in time to see him adjust his erection in his sweatpants.
“Is that what you want me to do?” Steve asks, patiently, his voice soft. “You want me to run you through with my sword.”
His hand moves to the centre of Steve’s back, feeling the notches of his spine through the thin shirt that he’s wearing. He tilts his head, nudging his nose against Steve’s shoulder.
“Of course.”
routine was, what, a new kink you’ve discovered?”
, James. I knew what I was getting into, helping you, falling in love with you. I knew what it meant. I knew it meant I was making enemies, enemies worse than the ones I’d make as the son of the CEO of Stark Industries or the CEO of Stark Industries in my own right. I knew it would mean that I would be in constant danger by helping you, not just from HYDRA, but from the government too if they realised that I was helping
there was one and stopped. I am
The basket’s lid is lifted, and Tony peers up into the sunlight that is stinging his eyes.
“I can promise you that Natasha is not more important to me than you are,” Steve says, softly. “She’s a friend, and I know she bothers you, and that’s
Tony reels back in offence. “Of course they do. Look, would you just… would you go back and look at her? Just see if she’s okay?”
“Okay,” he replies. He pauses. “Thank you,” he says, after a moment.
Steve tangles his hands in Tony’s hair again and drags him in for another kiss, a kiss that steals all the air in his lungs, and Tony loves this, loves being in his lap, loves Steve kissing him, and it’s like they’re back in New York all over again, in Steve’s little shoebox apartment with the heater that doesn’t work, and so, Tony has to cuddle real close to Steve, against all of his bulk, and most of the time, they were naked, and most of the time, it devolved into good, hard fucking until Tony’s toes are curling.
“No, you don’t,” Steve replies, cheerfully.
Steve’s eyes are red, bloodshot. “I know.”
me.” He shakes his head, the blood like a fever in his face. “When you were possessive before, it was because you wanted me,
“You… you are easily the most amazing person I have ever or will ever know,” James says, his voice slightly breathless.
“You were supposed to tell me, because this horrible, awful thing happened to me. It happened to
“It’s not that I think that it won’t work,” Tony says, patiently.
“I think you’ll find that I can and I am,” Tony says, breezily, over his shoulders, backpacks over each shoulder, one black and mint-green with dinosaurs, and another bright pink with unicorns.
Steve frowns, shifts closer to him. “Him? Who are you talking about?”
Steve rubs a hand over her back. “I’m sorry,” is all that he can offer for now.
Tony is already waiting in the laboratory when Steve enters with Peggy. For a moment, his attention is diverted by the private in his khakis, before Abraham says something to him, urgently, and he’s swept away in the engineering of it all.
Tony struggles even harder, grunting through the gag.
Bucky and Sam used to joke that Steve would dead a thousand times over if they weren’t there to have his back – he knows that’s true; he’s grateful.
The mine car jumps, bounces and spins around, then slides to a stop in a cloud of seed at the edge of the water.
James clutches at his flushed cheek for a long, quiet moment. “
“Mm, I love you,” he murmurs against Tony’s mouth.
“Nothing for me,” Tony replies, with a flat certainty to his tone.
Peter tugs at the sleeve of his shirt, his face creased in concern. “You’re always home, Appa,” he complains. “Where were you today?”
Tony rolls his hips back against Steve’s.
Tony folds his arms over his chest, almost self-consciously. “I don’t look like I used to,” he says, defensively. “I was… back then, when we first met, I was hot. I was nineteen, and I had muscles, and I was tight, all over, and things have changed since then, okay? We’ve had two kids, and sure, I didn’t grow them in my body, but my figure has changed
“What happened to the bad men? How did you get away?”
“You could’ve told me that you stopped loving me somewhere along the line, and you
Steve’s brow furrows. “Nothing all that important,” he replies, easily.
“I loved him a lot, and he left, and he made me feel like I was… not good enough, and it hurt me. I guess, when he came back, and he explained himself, I just wanted to keep him to myself for a while.” Tony runs his hand through his hair. “Besides, I didn’t think that he’d stay long. I thought I could help him out with all the, uh, all the HYDRA stuff, and he’d be done, and he’d leave like he did before.”
Steve’s eyes light up. “Yeah?”
, Tony wants to laugh, but it’s not funny, not really.
“Fuck,” Steve utters. “Fuck, Tony, I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”
“My boy, just mine,” Steve says, darkly, kissing the curve of Tony’s knee. “You
The picture on the TV now shows a camera shot of a dark rubber body bag being carried into a coroner’s van. Just before the bag is lifted inside, Pepper’s bloodied, white arm slips from its zippered side and lolls into the dark night air.
killed all of them?” Tony folds his arms over his chest.
“I never told you this before, but I
He raises his knives to strike, and Tony, well, Tony always has his brain.
Tony rests his forehead against Steve’s. “I love you,” he whispers.
And then, the moment ends, and he’s still standing.
Steve eyes him carefully, his face giving nothing away. “I’m surprised you weren’t at home when I brought them back,” he retorts.
“I’m Indian,” Tony reminds him, caustically.
“That was nice,” he offers. “That was very nice.”
Title: we are stardust stories, my darling
Eshe cocks her head. “What makes you think that?”
But Steve’s cock stays stubbornly limp between Tony’s fingers. Steve leans down and brushes Tony’s hand away from his lap.
“It’s just… it’s not Steve, Tony,” Wanda insists, pathetically earnest. “He’s not that sort of guy. It’s just not who he is. He doesn’t cheat. He just… he just wouldn’t
Tony nods.
In the months that Tony has lived within this castle, he has not seen either brother particularly fond or attached towards one another – in fact, if it weren’t for the fact that Grant was a spitting image of Steve, Tony would have easily believed that it was James and Steve who were the brothers, with the care and attention and familiar banter that the two men shared.
Tony shoves him off, an angry word on the tip of his tongue, but Grant just laughs it off, tells him that he was so beautiful in the moonlight that he couldn’t help himself.
Indian toilets; what does that say about you?” James retorts.
Steve’s face comes alive, and he makes his way over to his unshed clothes, dressing quickly and strapping on his holster. He pulls his whip and jacket from a hook.
He stops outside Tony’s room, and Tony fiddles inside of his coat with the strange position he finds himself in to find the key, which he uses to unlock the door. Steve kicks it open with a sheepish grin, and they enter.
“Tony,” Steve says, frustration bleeding through his voice. “Tony, I’m not going anywhere.” His voice softens. “I could never leave you, Tony. Where would I go? You’re my home.”
It sure as hell didn’t need this much work.
“No,” he sighs. “No, that didn’t come out right. It didn’t… I didn’t mean it like that. I didn’t… I’m not having an affair,” he says, stubbornly. “There was… before I met Steve, back in college, there was this guy. James. He and I were… we were really good friends, and then, for one night, we were more than just friends. I was… I was crazy about him, I loved him desperately, and for one night, I was so sure he loved me too. And the next morning, he was gone.”
"I mean she barely let May come over last Saturday." Peter complained. "May and I were separated on Wednesday and I spent Thursday and Friday trapped inside and getting to know the Avengers. And then I got to see May for like an hour on Saturday before they chased her off and I spent the rest of Saturday and Sunday all inside the Tower and with the Avengers. Mostly Natasha and Tony because they wouldn't fucking -" Peter breathed out sullenly. "They're protective."
"Well that sucks," Bucky blew at the hair covering his eyes. "I would've enjoyed beating her up."
Natasha looked at her.
"Just because I actually have money Harley, does not mean you can just lash out at me," Harry shot back hotly. Peter blinked. What the hell did he just step into?
Both were crying that night.
"The Avengers?!" Harley sputtered. "Wh-what-
"We're in the middle of nowhere in the state of nowhere!" Clint decided, yelling and throwing his hands up in the air.
These stones could control the universe as they
"Kid knows too much," the woman muttered and that was all the warning they got before she brought out her gun and shot.
"Oh great," Peter yawned again.
"Winter? - Oh right," Peter was confused for a moment and then he remembered Bucky's past. "Oh that was the Winter Soldier? Oh, well hi."
Peter looked at him curiously. "Partners? Why don't you just say boyfriends?"
And Tony's right wing became metal. Red, gold, and orange like the other one but the feathers weren't soft as the should be.
Peter sighed loudly. "You know my middle name? Carbonell? Apparently that's Tony Stark's mother's maiden name." Peter chewed his sandwich and took the snacks that MJ shoved his way.
When Natasha woke up, she found herself on the couch out in the balcony and Pepper was gone. She stood up and rubbed her eyes before looking towards the lock on the door. "Hey Jarv?"
"It was honestly the greatest day of my life," Natasha confessed. "You were a fluke. You were something that wasn't supposed to happen - something - someone who wasn't supposed to exist. And when you were - when you were taken." Natasha's mouth dried. "I thought I lost you forever."
"Steve?' Natasha asked into one of the mics.
"As long as your dorks stay next to me it will be fine," MJ shrugged it off. Peter wished he had her kind of confidence honestly.
"Peter isn't going to school." She said flatly. "He's not leaving the building at all. If the gang is still out there than we're not taking any chances."
Natasha smiled.
He had his mom. He had his dad. He had his aunt. He had his friends, and Harley and the Avengers.
He blasted out of the cave and headed home.
MJ barked a laugh. "If Natasha is as protective as you say she is, that's not going to happen."
"Can you get us out?" Clint asked, his own wings fluttering.
MJ looked suspicious of Harry who was still limply holding Peter's hand.
"So, anyways, I'm Pepper," Ms. Potts said very loudly and held out her hand for Peter to shake. "That's Tony, Clint, Steve, Bruce, Thor, Sam, and Bucky. The twins, Wanda and Pietro are farther in the back - you'll meet them eventually along with Scott, Carol, Hope, and T'Challa." Pepper turned to Natasha. "I'd love to stay but I have -"
," MJ scowled.
He got in.
Natasha peered in. "250? Tony, that's almost as much as you."
Steve smiled.
Natasha laughed. "At one,"
"Hey man what's up? Or I guess what's new? I don't know, I haven't seen you in a while," Harry laughed.
?" Harry pressed.
"Jarvis?" Tony frowned. "What's up?"
The doors opened and Tony came in with Natalia.
Well. New York always judges. But they wouldn't care about two teenage boys in the long run.
Steve looked at Peter raising his eyebrows. "You're still recovering Peter. No."
"Hm," Thor had landed back where they all were as he walked over to Natasha to examine cat Tony. "I will depart to Asgard." The god decided. "I'll see what I can find and come back when I have an answer."
2k words yaay
Peter knocked politely on the office door and the teacher at the desk smiled at him. "Peter Parker?"
He walked over to Tony and bent down. "You rejected my offer." He sneered. Tony just glared at him. Killian laughed. "You thought it wouldn't work. 'Scary science' you claimed. But guess what, Stark?" Killian whipped out a shot with some sort of liquid in it. the liquid sparked and Steve realized that it looked more like lava than anything else.
Maushmi’s face scrunches up. “Who? You only know me, Daddy, Uncle Sam, Aunt Wanda, Uncle Rhodey and Aunt Pepper. Were you with them?” she asks, guilelessly.
“What?” Wanda reels back.
She defended his children by putting her life on the line instead.
,” she whispers. “I’ve seen Steve, Tony. I’ve known him a long time, since I started seeing Sam, and I’ve known him
Tony startles at that.
Tony laughs into his wine glass.
But when he looks down, he sees Loki laughing, a bolt of green light darting from his pale, long fingers, heading straight for Natasha, and then, Steve is there, knocking Natasha out of the way, and he takes the full-fledged heat of the green light.
“Why are you asking all of these questions?”
“You’re right, it would,” Steve says, quietly.
Maybe it was some weird subset of a mid-life crisis, where Steve had thought he wanted something different and needed the chance to go and explore it for himself, if only to realise that he has everything that makes him whole here at home.
Wanda’s voice becomes thick and pained, and Tony’s heart goes out to her.
James cuts off the Russian, suddenly, and drops the recording devices back into the glass jar, closing the lid tight.
; he wants to rage at Steve’s audacity to feel fucking suspicious; if Tony had gotten suspicious each and every time that Steve disappeared and didn’t come home until the house was dead, or when he went on some bullshit conference, well, Steve might never have survived the confrontation.
Hodge and his friends are noticeably absent.
Tony worries his teeth on his lower lip.
Steve nods, his expression solemn and strained. “He’s gone home to take care of a few things back at his apartment. He told me to tell you that he’d be back later, that he wanted to give us some time to talk, even if we haven’t had such a good run with that in the past. He doesn’t… he doesn’t really remember me,” he says, his voice pained. “I think he… he has dreams about his life, his old life, the one where I’m there too, but he doesn’t… he can’t really talk about solid memories, not yet, at least. He says that he gets more and more, the longer he’s away from what HYDRA did to him. But…”
“And of course you’re not boring, of course you satisfy my fetishes,
Tony scowls and stares at the wall.
Honestly, Tony’s a little glad that it was Natasha who bit the bullet and ended up saying that, because the terrifying expression that finds its way onto Steve’s face makes something curdle in Tony’s belly, akin to fear or worry or some strange blend of the two.
Tony’s hand grips at Steve’s shoulder, and he kisses him back firmly, their tongues tangling, before he pulls away.
“Are you sure?” Steve asks, worriedly.
Tony opens his mouth to protest, but then, he deflates and sinks back against the pillows. “Wow, I really have built my life around my kids, haven’t I?” he says, dully, staring up at the ceiling.
Tony runs his hand over his flushed face. “You could open a practice, the two of you.”
Despite everything, despite Tony wanting to throttle Steve for fucking someone else, Steve is still his husband, and Tony and his fool heart still loves him very much, would still crawl into his heart and pitch a tent there if he could.
Tony takes a deep, steadying breath, leaning in so that only he can hear. “Schmidt was moving a force through Azzano. Two hundred men went up against them, less than fifty came back. Your audience contained all that’s left of the 107
“No, no, no,” Tony says, hurriedly.
There are haphazard stick figures drawn on the sheets of paper, a child’s understanding of what people look like, their ability to put that on paper with just crayons. There are three figures grouped together, all with the same dark hair and dark eyes and dark skin, two of them smaller than the one in the middle, who is holding the little ones’ hands.
MJ looked like she was mulling it over while Ned whipped out his phone and started texting. MJ looked over at him incredulously. "Seriously? You're going to
Tony and Natasha laughed at the same time and Clint joined in as well.
"Excuse me?"
"That probably wasn't the best decision." Steve muttered lowly and Natasha glowered at him.
She pressed another kiss to his forehead. "Thank
Killian snapped his fingers and the guards came and unbound Peter. They dragged him out as he started to thrash and panic.
Thank you guys for the feedback
Tony had his hair styled back in his usual windswept style. A gold ban was pushed in and held a white train behind him. It was beautiful but...
"The AIM mission was unsuccessful." Bucky said flatly.
"Why's that?" Peter frowned.
So...I had a plan...and then I deterred from the plan...so this chapter ends up being a really small filler chapter...
One, Harry reached forward to press Peter's hand in farther and two, the spider in the tank lunged, sinking his fangs into the middle of Peter's wrist.
"Yeah," Natasha looked over at the twins. "And it might be nice considering you two are pretty close in age to him." Pietro and Wanda looked at here and then each other.
"You have wings." Bucky talked first, voice loud and flat.
And Tony was holding
Flash looked startled for a moment. "I - Flash. Who do you think you are?"
"You kind of are kid," He snorted. "The only reason why you exist is because of what we did."
Natasha glanced at his friends. "If them and their parents are okay with it."
" Clint spluttered.
"Only a few people can see wings here on Midgard, Thor." Pepper came in, high heels clinking. She looked at all of them, grimly upset. "Tony wanted me to tell you that all of you together are allowed three questions a day. He'll accept four but that's it." Steve had a feeling JARVIS would abide by that.
It does make sense-he liked Bucky for a little bit but that was shut down in his head very quickly because it was obvious that he was going to stay in a relationship with Natalia. He used to like one or two guys on the Howling Commandos and one seemed to notice him and didn't have a problem with it.
She walked out of the room with him and to his and Ned's locker. Ned was talking, chatting about the sleepover that they were going to have. Peter didn't mind giving Ned and MJ as many sleepovers as they wanted at the Tower because he knew that they weren't taking advantage of him. Plus, today was Friday and Friday's were always great days for sleepovers.
Clint was usually the one who was scratched the most, seeing as Bruce was Tony's next favorite person. But after a couple of days, Steve caught Clint laying on the couch with Tony curled into a ball and sleeping on the man's chest.
"Can't she just - I don't know, live with us?" he whispered. "That way I don't have to go to two different houses and you could get to know May better?"
"But you look like our age," Ned squinted. "How are you an intern already?"
"Ignore the guy." MJ rolled her eyes.
According to Nick, Iron Man was a Secret Identity. Tony Stark was not known as Iron Man to the public-he was known as the quiet Stark who followed Virginia-Pepper-Potts around.
"Uh oh," Harley brought him back to earth and Peter turned to look where Harley was looking. Peter startled a little when he saw Harry waiting at a stop light with two girls.
It was a hospital room but more advanced than Steve had seen any hospital room. In the bed-sitting up, Bucky Barnes turned to look over at them. His wings--which startled Steve at first--spanned at the same length as Natalia's but one was bright blue while the other was a silver. The silver matched up with a metal arm that a man had been placing on him.
"Of course," Natasha nodded. "I know." She paused and bit her lip. "And I love you for that."
It took only a few minutes with Tony's wings adding little bursts of wind behind them to get to the docks. The different abandoned warehouses lined up along the dock.
"Where were you taken?" Steve interrupted.
Steve was sitting down when it happened. Just quietly drawing on the rocks, hoping no one would notice him. Every once and a while he would see another kid getting bullied before a teacher turned their head and the bully would change into this nice ole kid, just prettily asking for whatever he was trying to steal earlier.
She sighed and rubbed her forehead. It was going to be a long day.
"What?" Pietro yelped as Bucky took off after her. Wanda and Vision looked up when Steve started for the door.
May dropped him off and Natasha gruffly thank ed her. May nodded and left while Peter stomped towards his room.
"You're right about that," Pepper nodded. "But just do your best," she smiled again and left, waving to Natasha who waved back.
The other person turned and his scowl turned into a grin. "Pete?"
It was something only he had and it caused Jarvis to die.
Harley waited for the young man to turn around. This happened every once and a while. Tennesse doesn't have a lot of hiding spaces for criminals so they tend to find the abandoned garage in the orphanage.
"Get the keys," Harry waggle his fingers, grinning.
"Wow." May gasped. "I always knew he was a genius, I just never..."
"So what's the plan?" Sam asked. "For keeping Peter here? Because obviously that's not going to happen efficiently."
Peter swallowed. "Um. I - uh - what?"
" Ned's panicked voice filled his ear and then MJ must've taken the phone.
"argh!" Peter threw his hands up. "I'm fine!"
"Yeah. Although, I can't say that I'm Richard and going to hand him over."
snapped out to knock something over.
Ned looked at Peter and it seemed like he was going to say something but he just opened his mouth and stared at Peter.
He could be this super hero that Fury thought he could be.
"Is this what you had to deal with in the 1940s?" Tony asked Bucky.
"I can't keep them apart." Natasha shook her head. "If I want to be something positive in Peter's life, I can't keep them apart. There's just no way." Tony gave a discouraged sigh but nodded.
Peter turned to see Harry, standing a few feet away. He was staring at Flash, a mix of shock, confusion, and rising anger on his face. "Who the fuck are you?"
"I know I know it's just...he's really
"Extremis!----*"
"Hello Midtown!" A booming voice came from the front and Mr. Harrington stopped everyone to have them look towards the person who was...
Natasha nodded again. "We'll work out a schedule." May smiled gratefully.
"You obviously," Natasha shrugged easily. "Tony will have to decide his."
"Harry Osborn idiot," Harry snarled. "Now get away from my friend before I punch you in your undignified, nonintellectual schmuck." Flash's mouth dropped open for a moment.
MJ blinked. "Huh. To be honest, I can't say I didn't see that coming." Peter shot her a glare.
Steve stared in shock and looked at Tony. Tony was blank-faced and pale.
"Twins." Natalia growled, glaring at Killian the whole time. "Stop beating yourselves up-you won't get out."
"I know." Peter sighed. "This has been, honestly like the craziest week of my life guys."
CEO of Stark Industries rushed over to where Natasha was and Peter blinked in surprise when Natasha kissed Pepper's cheek.
He wasn't as much of an ass as Howard but...he was still an ass.
Tony and Steve paused as their wings seemed to have minds of their own.
Tony laughed and Peter waved him off when JARVIS alerted him that MJ was calling for him.
He was glowing and the tip of his body was fading a bit. Tony stumbled to Steve as Steve stood.
Harley shrugged. "A few. Tennessee didn't have a lot of good partners to be honest."
"If Peter wants it," Natasha shrugged. "I wouldn't mind. Obviously."
what i call -"
"What the fuck," Natasha croaked, eyes wide.
The men next to them were Doctor Strange and Wong. They were wizards apparently. Loki was over by them, looking upset and scared. Next to them were ar least five other aliens. Steve were pretty sure they were called Ebony Maw, Proxima Midnight, Black Dwarf, and Corvus Glaive.
"Like me?" Peter shifted so he was sticking to his side and shifted his head. "You - you do things like me?"
"Steve." Bucky tapped Steve's shoulder and he looked over at him. "We might have a problem."
"So."
Tony leaned forward. "I burned for you and emerged stronger."
"Late night?" MJ frowned at him.
Bucky's brow furrowed. "Stay."
"Pete, if you -" he started when Peter's phone started to ring.
Natasha blinked. "I'm sorry,
Peter frowned. "He's my friend."
Bucky was close behind him and Peter stopped at the edge, peeking his head over the corner. Peter twisted his lips and turned back to Bucky. "Gang fight."
The man who had been sitting at the desk was standing there, holding out his hand. Peter didn't take it and he shoved through the door, looking around to find himself near...Stark Tower.
Peter still didn't move.
Steve stared in awe for a moment before Tony abruptly moved.
(Or Tony has more skills then he lets on.)
"Nat," Tony pressed, reaching out to hold her hand and gently rub it. "Friday and Jarvis have been searching for
"T'Challa told us that we're invited to his coronation," Pietro piped up. The Avengers looked at him and Carol Danvers appeared, coming by his side.
He ran away to an orphanage and stumbled inside (of course) finding a friend. The friend was about a year younger than Peter, who is sixteen and his name was Harley Keener. Harley let Peter into the garage beneath the orphanage.
"Where is Tony?" Peter looked at Steve who was unwrapping his hands.
"Peter -" May started.
in. The smart, nerdy, fifteen-year-old that already has a personality. That same fifteen-year-old was going to end up on the streets when he was seventeen. Harley figured out the adoption system when he was six.
It was a successful mission and almost all of the civilians were saved. Very few were killed but there were some casualties. Tony had sulked about that in his room for a bit before Peter managed to convince him to come out.
"I gotta take this," Peter pointed to his phone. "It's Tony. Hey, what's up?"
When she was assigned to Stark, she hoped and prayed that the man wouldn't remember her from his past conquests but he did and Natasha slipped up, saying she had a child with him.
His heart stopped.
Tony was on a weapons display in Afghanistan when it all went to hell.
"So what are we supposed to do?" Clint frowned.
Rhodey couldn't, but he believed both of them.
"Uh, Central Park, why?" Peter scratched his head.
Sighing and wishing for some originality, Peter squinted and tried to figure out where he was based on what he could see. But so far there was nothing and he glanced down to see he was tied to a chair. His ankles and wrists were tied down and he tried to twist his neck or break the bonds.
The man at the desk smiled. "Hello. Now that you're here we can get started." The man stood and gestured for May to stand as well. Then he began to leave the room and Peter looked at May, bewildered. May clutched his shoulder and the two men behind them ushered them after the other three.
Natasha rolled her eyes again and walked down the steps to where May was making something in the kitchen. "Is that all of his stuff? In his room?"
Natasha looked around and noticed that most of the room had been cleaned up. The boxes were checked when Sam, Bucky, Bruce, Thor, and Rhodey came into the room in full cleaning gear. Bruce and Thor headed to different couches silently and Sam and Bucky went to make something in the kitchen.
Steve pinwheeled his arms as a gust of wing nearly forced him off the edge. He whirled around and stared up after catching a flash of red.
Steve's grin faded as they continued to walk. "He fell. When we had three missions left, he...he fell-sacrificing himself to save the mission. I-He's dead." Natalia stared at him, her mouth opening in shock.
Steve watched her go before turning to Tony who had jumped down to scratch at the elevator. He let out a long low growl that Steve realized sounded sad.
Wanda and Pietro had come within only a year or two and this was the first New Year's party they had ever been to.
"Nobody's really been inside of Wakanda right?" Clint asked, perched on his chair and looking perplexed.
"He doesn't have wings." Steve said loudly. He looked at Natalia and Bucky who froze, eyes widening. "Tony Stark doesn't have wings."
"Peter," Natasha reached forward. "
On some level, Peter knew he was right but that didn't stop the rising anger. "Excuse me - how do I know
At first, it’s alright.
There’s a harder bang, like the sound of a body colliding with a door, and then, the door bursts open, and Jarvis is standing there, rushing over to Tony who is on his belly, trying to crawl out of the shower. He doesn’t even think, grabs a towel and wraps it around Tony’s damp body.
“Concerned?” Tony says, softly.
me? Do I look like an actual idiot to you?”
“You were the one who recommended this place to me, silly,” she teases, staring up at him through the dip of her lashes, pink and smiling.
Steve’s hand grips at his thigh, his thumb sliding into the gap between that one and the other. He spreads it, so that Tony can prop his foot on the very edge of the cushion, and his hand slips over the inside, his thumb rubbing circles on the sliver of darker skin between groin and thigh.
“I… I don’t know, I guess I missed it.” Tony closes his eyes.
“She… she hasn’t told me a lot. Honestly,” he huffs, “we’re not that close.”
of us, and I would’ve died trying to protect you, and you would’ve died anyway; they would’ve made me watch, so that I knew exactly what happens when I, the fucking
Tony gives him the finger. “You’re lucky I think you’re hot,” he hisses at him.
But what is happening here might not be an affair.
“You had concerns about him and the danger he presented, but you didn’t have those conversations with your husband? Why?”
“Oatmeal,” Steve replies.
“It’s not good for him,” Natasha continues. “I think… I think he should be spending a lot more time with you and the kids, but he won’t listen to me. There’s always some… account for him to take care of, you know?”
“That night, I saw you with him, and I couldn’t help but make my way over there. I just wanted to meet you,” she says, almost shyly. “You were sitting there, and you were so surprised, and Steve looked so awkward. You were jealous almost immediately.”
Steve’s brow furrows, and there’s a tensing to the jut of his jawbone, his expression twisting for a brief moment in hurt and disbelief and irritation. “Do you,” he clears his throat, “are you two…
“I don’t like this,” Steve declares.
“Tony,” Ms Lewis says, gently. “Look, kids at this age, they’re sensitive and they do pick up on things. I’m not… casting judgment on what might be going on at home, but they do pick up on things, and they do internalise it. It tends to show up like this,” she says, gesturing to the drawings.
Tony looks at Steve, uncertainly, because Tony doesn’t have a problem with it, and Steve has two options when looking at this: he can either choose to look at James as Bucky Barnes, his first love, his best friend, or he can choose to look at James as the man who may or may not have been fucking his husband.
in that situation.”
Realisation dawns in Steve’s eyes, and then, his expression shadows – the expression feels like a blade angling upwards so that it slides in just under Tony’s ribs.
It comes out easier after the first time, after he’d told James, but the words still tangle somewhere in his ribcage, rip from his body like it pains him, like it’s him tearing an organ out of his abdomen and presenting it to the world.
Tony rounds on her. “Or I’ll go even crazier?”
engraved on the front. There is a small plush toy from a shooting game at a fair Tony and Steve had visited when they moved to New York. There’s the first sonograph photos that they were given for Peter and Maushmi, even the little tags they got for their wrists when they were born.
being real?” Tony demands.
When Tony comes back home, the children are still fast asleep, and Steve tells him that they haven’t woken up at all.
Tony gnaws on his lower lip.
“What’s the hold up?” Tony demands.
Steve snorts. “Bossy, aren’t you?”
Sam raises his and Wanda’s joined hands to his mouth, pressing a kiss to her knuckles. “She is,” he says, full of love.
“Enlistment lines have been around the block since this hit the newsstands. You don’t take a soldier, a symbol, like this and hide him in a lab,” Brandt argues.
He dips his head and closes his mouth around the head, and Steve groans, long and hard, his hand finding its way into Tony’s hair.
The two of them approach the altar through the dying flames, Steve slinging the submachine gun over his back. The long carrying poles are still in place.
Howard actually manages to fumble up a warm look for his son.
“It really is,” Tony says, quietly.
“We just have to go and do something,” Bucky says, hurriedly.
That hurts probably more than anything – he might have been able to stomach the cheating, frankly; he grew up around the infidelity, and it’s nothing terrible that he won’t be able to tolerate. The betrayal is like a white-hot knife through his belly, cutting swiftly and mercilessly to draw blood and to be as painful as possible, but it’s nothing that he hasn’t endured before, it’s nothing that he couldn’t endure. He could stand to share Steve with someone else, if it meant that he came home every day and still loved him and still loved their children, but the more and more time that Steve begins to spend away from him, the more he starts to think that this life, the life that they’d made together, made in agreement with each other and want from one another, is not enough for Steve.
“So, now, you know all of my dirty laundry; my marriage isn’t as perfect as everyone thinks it is.”
“I mean, I’ve read a lot of parenting books and I joined all of the parenting forums, and everyone keeps telling me that in twins, one of them does assume that louder role. I just… I guess I want to make sure that everything’s okay? Or whether, I mean, you have more experience in this stuff than I do, you’re more of an expert, and honestly, that can be a hard thing for me to admit to people because, you know, certified, international, one of the smartest people in the world geniuses.” He shakes his head, the colour high in his cheeks. “Sorry, I’m rambling.”
“I can’t lie or sleep on my stomach because the arc reactor puts pressure on the front of my spine if I do,” Tony goes onto say. “Sometimes, if I get too wound up, too excited, I almost pass out. I have dealt with that for the last, what, five years now. That’s the life
to the things that Tony and his bearer will never be given without fighting.
“Oh,” Tony says, aloud, and has the sudden urge to tell JARVIS to call the police.
“I really don’t want to rehash any of this. I don’t… I think… look, you said you came here to see how I was doing. Well, as you can see, I’m fine. I’m just…
It thoroughly soaks through his hair and over his body, and he scrubs with that lime body wash that he likes, the come and sweat, until his skin is flushed and almost dry with how clean it is. He shuts off the shower and steps over the boundaries to the shower, wrapping the towel around his waist. He pushes open the door to the steamy bathroom, and James is waiting for him, perched on the edge of the bed.
Tony shakes his head. “You’re a lot of things, Nat, but you’re not a murderer.” His voice softens. “Besides, I know that you loved her. I loved her too.”
Toni feels herself melt on the inside and drapes her arms around his shoulder, before she throws herself into Bucky’s arms, thoroughly sticking her tongue down his throat as well, until she hears the impatient rhythm of Pepper’s stiletto heel tapping against the wooden floor.
Pepper and Tony exchange a look, and Pepper makes her way forward, a short blade in her hands. She flattens her free hand against the door.
“-that you have never touched anyone but me, that you haven’t seen anyone in a romantic or a sexual way since we got together but
“That was a tetanus shot,” Abraham says, dryly.
“And you’re sure you can reverse the feed?”
“Rude,” Tony huffs.
“I thought you were dead,” Steve rasps when he pulls away, and his eyes are shining and damp. “There was an explosion, and I thought the basket that had you inside was in the area and exploded too, and I–”
Tony slaps him hard on the arm. “What the fuck is wrong with you?” he demands. “What the hell are you doing here?”
that much. Because from what I can see, from what I’m seeing from the two of you even, is that you don’t respect each other.”
Steve frowns and shifts in his seat. “What? What are you talking about?”
“Thanks,” Steve says, dryly.
“Yeah, I expect you to believe that because I told you that I was in love with you and that I was in this, in
, Tony thinks.
“Oh, well, thank you,” Tony says, dryly.
“Steve?” he calls out. “JARVIS, is Steve home?”
Steve is the one that reaches for Tony’s hand, not the other way around, tangling their fingers together and squeezing until something loosens in Tony’s ribcage in relief. Tony lets his head tilt to the side, lets his head fall onto Steve’s shoulder. He feels Steve’s head turn to the side, his hair scratching against Tony’s brow, and Steve presses a kiss to the top of his head.
Tony grins. “In that case, if Steve’s going to fuck you, I could suck you off, or you could fuck me. What do you want, James?”
“Right there, huh?” Steve rasps, moving his hand firmly between Tony’s legs.
Rumlow lifts a smug, self-satisfied eyebrow. “Is that so?”
Tony scrubs his hand over his face. “I think we need to head back to the hospital.”
Tony had thought Steve just needed an incentive, something to remind him exactly what he had at home, and while he loved his children and he knew that Steve loved his children, they might not be the incentive that a man in his thirties who looked like Steve wanted (of course, Tony, as the primary caregiver of two young children doesn’t get that privilege, the choice of looking at what he has and deciding that it isn’t enough; not that he would ever think that).
Steve curls a hand around the nape of his neck, drawing him in close to kiss him all over again, his tongue sliding into Tony’s mouth.
, if I don’t see you at the car in five, I won’t let you play with the bots today!”
“Do you believe that you are lucky to be married to Steve, Tony?”
Howard looks at the police officers, staring them down, and they all leave – money buys silence and obedience. Sarah rushes over to Steve, enveloping him in her thin, pale arms, pressing her lips furiously to the top of his head; Steve clutches at her as well, and Tony aches for that kind of comfort, until his mother walks over and places a hand on his shoulder – it’s the best he’s going to get out of her.
James grins down at him, all teeth. “It’s not easy to do more than that.” He pauses. “They’ve got their best guys on me. They’re watching me constantly. Hell, they probably have a car parked across the street right now.”
I’m going to get mad at you.”
He knocks on the door and waits, rocking back on his heels.
On the back of his right hand is a thin streak of blood where the knuckle on his index finger sits. He rubs at it, insistently until it becomes pink and he can explain it away as paint, listening to Toni tell him about all the awful things her board of directors said when they thought she couldn’t hear them with an appropriate sympathetic smile on his face.
“Can we open our eyes now?” Maushmi asks in her thin, high, child’s voice.
“I knew that you’d come back through my door one day, and it meant that I couldn’t put you out of my head the way that I wanted to.” He looks up at him. “Why are you here now? Tonight?”
Steve shakes his head.
, Tony wants to spit.
Out of the corner of his eye, he sees Steve strap on his parachute and throwing open the jump door.
“I’m sorry,” Steve says, his voice and eyes wet, as his head sways forward, his forehead knocking against Tony’s. “I’m so fucking sorry, Tony. I really fucked up, didn’t I?”
Steve grinds the heels of his hands into his eyes to stave off tears. “It’s okay. I’m okay.”
“I don’t need you to do that.”
“Right, right… I’ll call you in the morning! Right! Huh? Yeah, sure, I, huh?”
“What are you doing here?”
“It’s not necessarily a bad thing,” Tony smiles, slow and uninhibited, “when you’re being honest with me about it.” He leans in, almost brushing Steve’s mouth with his. “Making me beg you to let me come, making me say all those things like
,” she says, long-sufferingly, like he’s an idiot, even rolling her eyes to that effect.
Natalia stopped yelling and Bucky stopped thrashing. Wanda, Pietro, and Clint stopped moving in their bonds. All of them stared in shock.
," Steve said suddenly. Tony whirled.
He made it to an area where cars surrounded him. But cars that were more high tech when a man stepped out. His wings were like insect wings and were dark brown. He said his name was Nick Fury and that he had been asleep for almost seventy years.
Clint hung his head, knowing that his 'joke' wasn't really a joke when the elevator dinged open and Tony barged through, frowning.
There was a tense silence as they let what they just said sink in. Tony looked confused and panicked. Steve meanwhile was thinking about what he said and realized it was true.
