Dinner passed uneventfully. Tony ordered from a local Chinese restaurant and spent time teasing Steve into trying new dishes instead of always getting the same thing. It was a frequent game between them, and he secretly loved it. After they had both finished, Steve cleared away the trash and put the leftovers in the fridge.
“Well, while you were gone… I found out that I was sick. And my choices were pretty bad.”
Steve shrunk farther into himself. “I wouldn’t want to disturb you, Tony. You need your sleep.”
“That’s more like it. Now, I know you enjoyed the things I’ve pulled out so far and you’ll use a safe word if you need it. Still Valkyrie?”
Steve shook his head. “No. Claiming is… It’s for life. You’re bond mates. It’s… It’s beautiful…”
Due to the amazing comments I have received requesting more chapters for this story, I have decided to continue it. Thank you for all of the encouragement. Once again, I have no beta, so all mistakes are mine.
Less smut, more plot. It happens sometimes. Don't worry, there will be plenty of kinky porn in the future. I had a good time showing how well Tony and Steve work together outside of the bedroom for a change. Comments and suggestions are always welcome. Hope you enjoy!
Steve watched Loki as they began eating, not liking the stiffness in the other man's body. He looked like he was ready to bolt at any moment.
My house is finally going to be quiet. Hallelujah! Have some porn to lead into plot and more porn!
Tony gathered him close, pulling Steve into his lap, arms curled around him securely. Surrounding him with the scent of home. Of his mate. Steve pressed closer, burying his face into the curve of his alpha’s neck, wanting to memorize every tiny detail of the moment. For when he was once again alone. The feel of Tony’s arms wrapped tightly around him. The scratch of his facial hair against Steve’s temple. The steady rise and fall of his chest and the comforting sound of his heart beating.
"I'm enjoying the direction out little games have been going. Have you?"
After three days of chastity, Steve was losing his mind. Not that Tony had done anything exceptionally cruel after the first day, but everything seemed more intense somehow. Tony was constantly affectionate, touching and kissing him. Steve had woken up pressed to the other man's body on several mornings and luxuriated in the feel of bare skin against his own.
"You were afraid you were going to lose me, sweetheart. I promised you that wouldn't happen. And I always keep my word to you. Always."
Holy hell! You know it’s bad when you re-read what you wrote and feel sorry for the character you’re tormenting! Let me know what you think it the comments. Do you like Steve being tormented or does he finally deserve a break?
"Well when you put it that way, how can I possibly say no?"
“Please what, sweetheart? You didn’t think you’d be rewarded for trying to touch what’s mine, did you?” He knelt on the bed, easily flipping Steve onto his stomach and pulling his hips back.
Steve was still a little unsteady on his feet as he was led to the shower, content to stand there and let Tony do all the work of cleaning and drying them both. Wrapped in a plush robe and settled onto the couch to await breakfast, his head finally started to clear.
Steve’s eyes grew wide, a tightness in his chest made it impossible to breathe. He could see it so clearly. If one of his friends were hurt because he wasn’t there… If something happened to Tony, and it was his fault… “I- I’ll talk to him. Tell him the team needs me here.”
“So good, Tony. I promise.”
"Good. Sleep well, sweetheart. You've earned it."
“I thought you wouldn’t need me anymore. Want me anymore. Not if you had him back. But you deserve… God, you deserve everything, Steve. How could I not give it to you? How could I not give you the entire world if you asked for it?”
His eyes widened. "But- But, I'm..." He gestured vaguely at the cage.
The alpha’s eyes gleamed dangerously. “Ask and you shall receive.” He moved from Steve’s line of sight, returning with a gleaming metal restraint board. Tony’s eyes lit up with the unearthly glow again, Steve’s cuffs obeying his command. His wrists, ankles, and collar were pulled down to the surface of the board, fastening seamlessly. Bands of metal rose up, flowing like liquid over Steve’s body, further holding him in place. The board beneath him lifted into the air, Tony following behind, setting down on the floor beside a dining table and chairs.
“Why?”
Steve shuddered, hips rocking up to rut against the other man, felt the hard press of Tony's cock against his own. Which trap did he want to fall into tonight. It was always a dangerous thing when Tony offered him a choice. "I... I want to wait..."
"Alright, sweetheart. Anything you want."
“Ready baby?” Tony’s hands slid up his thighs, gripping them hard and spreading him open, leaving his most intimate parts on display. Steve nodded hesitantly, and Tony immediately dived forward, taking his soft cocklet into his mouth. He tried to hold still, not writhe away from the steady sucking pressure, but it was difficult. The sensations were so intense, he could barely stand it. And Tony knew, his dark eyes were trained on Steve’s face, watching him struggle. He released with a cry, a flood of slick rushing out of him to soak the cushion below, and still Tony didn’t stop.
It took effort to speak. "Yes Tony."
"Yours, Tony."
Tony watched him over the rim of his coffee mug, hiding a smirk behind it. They were barely getting started. "Steve."
“That’s right. You just lie there and feel good. You can come as many times as you like, and if it gets to be too much, you let me know. I’m going to start with the rest now, okay?”
Steve howled, arching as high as he was able as Tony pressed firmly against his prostate, milking it for a moment before moving his attention to the gland just beneath it. His omega gland was swollen and rock hard, spasming at the touch. A sharp stabbing pain caused Steve to tighten around Tony’s fingers, leaving him little room to move.
"Touch me. Please, make it stop. I can't..."
“No, Steve. I told you, I am going to give you exactly what you need, whether you like it or not. And we’re starting now.” He let go of his chest, moved across the room to retrieve a box from the dresser. “I had JARVIS order a few things last night.”
His breath caught, back arching instinctively, as the cool metal settled inside of him. The plug Tony had chosen was a large one, stretching Steve’s rim and pressing against his glands with every movement, reducing him to a shivering wreck once more. “Alpha…”
"Good. Stretch out on the bed, baby. Roll over onto your stomach."
“I know.” Steve let himself drift away under a constant stream of kisses, reveling in the feel of Tony’s plush lips against his own, the soft scratch of his goatee against his skin. Everything else could wait for later.
He trembled. "Tony, I-"
Tony focused his attention on Steve’s chest, mouth moving between his nipples, gripping his chest and kneading the flesh greedily. Steve’s chest soon felt swollen, nipples raw and throbbing. Each powerful suck caused him to whine helplessly. He could see bruises in the shape of Tony’s fingers forming on the skin, as well as reddened marks from the insistent grip. The tissue seemed softer than it used to, hanging with a slight curve, pliable in Tony’s grip. And feeling better than he thought it would.
“Yes. Because instead of coming to me or asking for help, you acted like a brat and tried to take what you wanted. So what you’ve earned, is a punishment. And since this has gone on for days… Well, I wouldn’t want to be you right now.” Tony lifted him easily, rearranging his limbs as well as the restraints until Steve was draped over his lap, exposed and unable to cover himself. “I think the first thing you deserve is a spanking. Maybe a sore ass will remind you to be sweet for me.”
Steve laid there, body aching with denied need, Tony’s arms wrapped tight around him. He had never been happier.
Steve’s body shuddered with every movement Tony made. He couldn’t move. Couldn’t breathe. The girth of Tony’s knot seemed to take his full attention. It seemed larger then before, fuller. He had the hazy thought that maybe Tony was going into rut, before the pleasure stole that away too. Tony sank his teeth into the bond mark, ripping it open again and drawing blood as he savaged the side of Steve’s neck in his frantic need. He moaned his release against the skin, an unending flood of come filling Steve’s body in heavy pulses.
"Since you ask so prettily." The blunt head of Tony's cock pressed against his rim before stroking into him. Fast, hard thrusts, angled to strike his prostate as often as possible. He didn't hold back, using Steve for his own pleasure, leaving him throbbing and desperate for more when he was finished, flooding him with his release before sliding out again. "Thank you, sweetheart. I needed that."
True to his word, Tony held Steve still against his body as he struggled. The vibrators continued to work against his prostate and balls, wringing any hint of come from his battered body. Before long the only thing left was a steady ache that grew as the minutes ticked by, becoming an all consuming pain as his body continued to spasm dry. Slowly sensation returned to his hole and abused prostate, making the situation worse. He was past the point of pleasure, floating along on waves of agony.
I’m having a lot of fun playing with A/B/O verse, and a mean and possessive Tony. I hope everyone enjoys this installment. On with the show!
Steve crawled off Tony's lap and onto the bed on shaky legs, spreading his thighs and bracing his forearms on the mattress, head hanging down. Tony pressed behind him, kneading his ass cheeks, pulling them apart. Wet heat flicked over his hole through the silk, causing him to jerk forward and moan. Tony's grip stayed firm, holding him in place, tongue lapping over him and occasionally dipping inside.
"Yeah..."
Steve clenched his hands in the bedding, struggling against the urge to touch his hardening cock. Tony glanced down, then back up to his face. “Go ahead, sweetheart. Touch yourself. Jerk off like you want to.” There had to be a trap somewhere, but he didn’t care. Steve immediately wrapped a hand around his cock and began stroking hard and fast, desperate. It felt a little smaller in his grip then before, but Steve pushed the thought from his mind as Tony sped his movements to match his pace.
Her eyes ran over where their arms were still linked, arched a brow. "And would that have anything to do with trying to impress a very specific artist?"
“I know you do, sweetheart. Which is why I’ve been working on something special, just for you. Do you want to see?” He held out his hand for Steve’s, and as soon as he took it, pulled him to his feet and led him to a back corner of the lab. There was what looked like a larger silver Iron Man suit that was opened in pieces. Abruptly the vibrations stopped and Steve gasped in relief, dizzy and slightly disoriented.
“What is it? Please tell me? I hate seeing you so upset.”
“Good boy.” With a last caress, Tony turned and bustled across the workshop. Steve could hear a variety of sounds that he didn’t recognize. Shuffling, rustling, and a loud click that startled him, making him jerk in the restraints. Before Steve had a chance to truly worry, Tony was back. “Still doing okay, pet?”
“I can’t. One way trip. No way back.”
They were nearly done eating when Tony leaned back and studied him carefully, dark eyes so intense it felt like he could see into the furthest corners of Steve’s being. “You know I don’t like this, right?”
Time seemed to stretch out around them. Steve wasn’t sure how long he knelt there, basking in the affection from his alpha. Tony didn’t stop until his stomach was full and Steve was back in the pleasant floaty state he’d fallen into before.
"Definitely kinking on that blush, baby." Tony stroked gentle fingers over his cheek, a soft smile gracing his lips. "Alright. I've been a bad, bad man and made my sweet boy suffer all night."
“That doesn’t sound sustainable.” Dark eyes bored into Bucky’s, peering into the darkest corners of his soul.
"You okay, baby?"
"Got it. So, when do we leave?"
Another chapter! Yay! Enjoy sweet Steve being adorable and falling apart!
Steve shook his head in denial, eyes wide. “You can’t!”
The utter shock in his voice caused Tony to lean back to stare at him. He raised one highly unimpressed brow. "That's how you want to be, huh? You know, I did feed myself for years before the lot of you came along. I do know how to take care of myself."
"Such a good boy for asking. I think the lesson might actually stick this time." He shifted his hips, each thrust slamming into the sensitive gland, almost making Steve scream again. He was so close, could barely hold himself back.
“Y-yes Tony…”
"Really. You've been so good for me. This morning, you can have whatever you want. Then this afternoon, I'm going to play with you a bit, and I thought we could go somewhere nice for dinner tonight. Sound good?"
Steve didn’t say anything, just nodded slightly, eyes focused on the floor.
Except… Tony had told Steve to come wake him if he needed anything. Ordered him to. The genius would be displeased with him if he didn’t do as he was told. Who wanted a disobedient omega? And if Steve didn’t go to him, would Tony think it was because Steve didn’t trust him? A distressed noise caught in the back of his throat. He needed his alpha. Needed to obey, no matter how difficult it was.
Thor carefully raised his hands. "I know not what is happening here, but I find myself confused."
"Yeah. I spent some time downstairs talking to Loki."
Tony shook his head. “You say that every day. You should really know better by now.” Steve glared up at him as Tony tried to calm himself. All the sacrifice would be worth it in the end. “You’re getting sassy, Steve. I think that means we need to move on in your training.”
“When did you fall in love with Bruce?”
Steve shuddered. "Does that mean..."
Steve nodded. "Yeah. That's... That's what I want."
“You touched yourself without my permission, sweetheart. And you just earned yourself a spanking to boot. I think you’ll be a very sorry boy by the time today is over.” He swallowed the rest of his coffee and set the mug aside. “Now, where were we? Oh, yes. I remember.” He made a production of coating this fingers with a thick layer of gel, knowing Steve’s eyes were locked onto the sight. Finally he slid back into Steve’s body, three this time, pressing deep.
“No. I don’t want to hear it. You’re being a coward, Buck. You’re gonna run because you’re scared.”
“How are you doing this morning? Sore?”
Breakfast was soothing in it’s normalcy, even if all the events surrounding it were beyond Steve’s ability to cope with at the moment. He accepted bites of bacon and fruit that Tony fed him by hand, feeling hot and flustered from the attention. Occasionally his cock would throb in it’s confines, causing him to shift on the bed, rocking the plug still buried inside of him. Each time he could feel Tony’s gaze on him like a weight.
Steve closed his eyes, leaned into Tony’s touch. There was too much going on. Overwhelming him. It made him feel small and fragile. He needed everything to slow down or stop, but that wasn’t going to happen. Tony was going to plow straight ahead, smashing through every barrier Steve had, until he’d broken down every one. But what happened after that? Would he abandon Steve? He was talking about reproduction, seemed to think it was important. Maybe Tony wanted an heir for his company and fortune. And if Steve gave that to him, wouldn’t the alpha at least have to keep him? He thought there was some law, requiring an alpha to provide for an omega who they had produced children with, but he wasn’t sure. He squeezed his eyes tighter closed as a picture formed behind them. Steve with a tiny baby in his arms, Tony standing behind them, arms wrapped protectively around them both.
"Yes Tony."
It took a surprisingly short amount of time to capture the Winter Soldier. Part of that having to do with having mutants on hand that could drop through the ceiling and freeze him in place. The rest stemmed from the fact that this man wasn’t entirely the Winter Soldier. He was just a man. Scared and on the run, not knowing where home was. All it took was the mention of Steve to have him jumping at the opportunity to try to fix his scarred brain. To go through treatment to scrub as much of the brainwashing as possible from his tattered mind.
"Hey now. What's this?" He reached down to cup Steve's chin, tilting his face up. "It's alright, my sweet boy. I don't have to go on trips like this very often. Maybe once or twice a year. I was already planning on taking you with me next time. I missed you so much."
Steve nodded furiously, even as Tony was unfastening his pants, pulling them down. He was careful as always working the plug free, before sliding into Steve with a single motion, burying himself to the hilt. Steve dropped his head back against Tony’s shoulder, moaning as he held still inside him, giving them both a moment to enjoy how completely they were joined. It didn’t take long for Tony to start moving, to work up to quick strokes that rubbed the head of his cock over Steve’s gland, had him gasping and clinging to the edge of the bench for support.
Steve rolled his eyes at himself. Was he really going to be that easy? Yes, yes, he was. This might be new, and overwhelming, but they both seemed to be enjoying the new dynamic between them.
By the way, a comment was asking about the story of Bucky taking it from the Hulk earlier. Would anyone be interested in the saga of Bruce and Bucky, before this story takes place? Let me know! Because once they mentioned it, I couldn’t stop thinking about it…
“We’ll see how you feel after breakfast. Gotta keep your strength up.” Tony slid free of him with a low moan, as though already regretting his decision, which was a pleasing thought. It might have been a different Tony that Steve had wronged, but at least this version was willing to let Steve atone for his mistakes. He watched as Tony slid from the bed, pulling on a robe and motioning Steve to follow him into the kitchen. A hearty breakfast was waiting on the table. Tony watched with pleasure as Steve ate, his appetite having returned with a vengeance. They spoke little, both focused on their meals. Tony finished first, leaning back in his chair to sip his coffee and continuing to watch Steve.
"Good." He rested his head against Tony's shoulder, drinking in the quiet before their arrival.
Tony shrugged, a half smile playing at his lips. “Not really. I’m going to do what I have to either way. I will take care of you, whether you like it or not. But it doesn’t have to be a bad thing.”
“Steve. We’re okay. I promise.”
Tony felt his entire body tense and still. Blindsided. He hadn’t expected an attack to come from that direction. “Steve…”
The bed shifted as Tony moved away again, and Steve could dimly hear the slick sound of more lube. A moment later he felt something larger and slick pressing against him before sliding inside to press snugly against his prostate. A soft whine sliped out as his hips ground up into the air desperately searching for friction.
“Good boy.” The restraints released, the bands around his body flowing seamlessly back into the surface of the board. Tony helped him to his feet and guided him into one of the chairs. The cushions were soft, the material silky against his bare skin. The table was covered in a variety of dishes, most of which Steve couldn’t identify, but they smelled amazing. He sat still, watching as his new alpha filled plates for them both, only eating once the other man had started, waiting for the trick.
"Yeah. I did. Thank you."
”You're not my Steve. I can tell that – you look older. You look like you've lost a part of yourself. But you're Steve. Tell me, what happened?”
Tensing up, Steve slowly turns to glance at her.
“Shuri,” Steve says, staring to tap out a response to her.
Natasha nods and Steve catches her mouthing to herself, ”Of course.”
”Did you have a nice trip?” Steve asks, taking a gulp of the tea. Tony has prepared it just how Steve likes it – sweet with honey.
And who's this Thanos?”
“Sharon.”
“Steve?” T’Challa calls after him. “Do not worry about your friend,” he assures, “Shuri is working on it. He won’t be the Winter Soldier for long.”
“Yeah, well, T’Challa would murder us all if we endangered you and let you smuggle Wanda out. Come on, back to your room,” Bucky answers her.
“Tony,” Steve says again. His lips pull into a smile. Even though everything hurts, he’s so happy. It’s
Steve realizes he hasn’t been building a team all these years. He has been building a rag tag family.
They had all been exhausted, distracted.
”What do you want?” Steve asks, crossing his arms. It's
“Yes,” Steve says, squinting at her. Then, it dawns on him.
”What- No,” Steve instantly huffs out. ”No, I’m not,” he adds, as vehemently as he can.
Now, Tony is facing Steve. ”I- What?” he asks.
search for Bucky at the same time.
But then, four past midnight on an otherwise calm Wednesday evening, his phone starts blasting.
Steve nods, looking at his burger. He’s not hungry, contrary to Sam who’s wolfing down everything.
”No,” Steve chokes out, ”It's nothing.”
“I do!” Steve says desperately. Tony needs to
That one hurt. That one would always hurt.
”Oh,” Pepper says, ”Well, of course. It's nice. Nice that he doesn't have to live alone anymore.”
“I’m her girlfriend,” Lisa-Marie admits.
“She is my sister,” says T’Challa tiredly.
Steve sighs. Clint seems to take a note of that, but doesn’t say anything.
T’Challa leaves ‒ he has kingly duties to attend to.
Rubbing Steve's shoulder, Natasha assures, ”Give him time. I bet he's just confused.”
”What happened?” Steve asks, helping Tony onto a chair.
“That was…” Steve chuckles when they’re gone, shaking his head fondly.
A lump forms in Steve’s throat. That’s not at all what he wants to do. That’s the last thing he wants to do ‒ cause more guilt to Tony’s already too heavy heart.
He pushes the thoughts away and clears his throat, “Just Steve, Your Highness,” he corrects softly, “I don’t believe Captain Rogers exists anymore.”
Confused, Tony takes a step towards Steve. His lips quiver. Steve aches to know every part of him.
“In Philadelphia?”
The silence seems to be too awkward for him, so Tony speaks, asking something out of nowhere, “You know what? You
“So, where have you been?” she asks.
”Just some little girl,” Steve mutters.
It's all that Steve wants.
Tony just blinks at her, taking in her youth and confident stature. Shuri’s hair is bundled up on the top of her head, making her look taller.
Starks are made of iron, and when Howard ordered the family doctor to prescribe Tony pills to shut off the pain, forever, that was the excuse he made.
It’s easier to bear for a while, but then Rhodey leaves for the Air Force, and Tony has to take over Stark Industries and he is so
He and JARVIS change the specs for the suit, and he adds a bit of hot-rod red to the Mark III. He would have kept working on the suit, but the TV distracts him, and he watches the red carpet at one of his own events. Which he was not invited to. The reporter was talking about Tony, and his absence since Afghanistan. He looked back to JARVIS, who informed him that the Mark III wouldn’t be ready until morning.
they need
Emmeline
He dreams of his mother, and she’s glowing, and he
The board filed an injunction. They’re trying to take the company away, and Obie tells him that he’s going to protect Tony, that he’ll do his best, and Tony is just so scared to lose the company and have it go right back to making weapons again. Obie tells him to finish his design for the new and improved Arc Reactor as soon as possible, and he will, but he has to finish the suit, he has to take it out for a flight.
. He is so scared, and
Starks are made of iron. He knew that because it had been hammered into him from the day he was old enough to babble incomprehensible things at his parents. Howard had taken every moment to remind him to never cry, never show pain, never show fear, because Starks are made of iron.
cars. JARVIS tries to tell him that it isn’t safe, there are still tests to do, but he just wants to fly in the open air, and when he’s flying upupup to the moon, he’s not as cold and he never wants to stop. He doesn’t stop, not even when ice forms over his helmet, obscuring his vision and making him shiver even more than usual, and all the fancy red warning lights start blinking brightly in his face. He doesn’t stop, not until the suit itself does, not until it shuts down and starts plummeting back to earth, and he’s coming back to himself now, he’s
and yet familiar and terrifying at the same time. When he comes to his senses, he prays to every god he doesn’t believe in that his soulmate can’t feel the pain from the cuts littering his body, and he cries even though
sorry.
of his extremely expensive cars. Whatever, he can afford any number of them.
He finishes the suit, and Yinsen helps him into it, and the software is downloading, but the Ten Rings finally notices the lack of missile-building going on, and they’re pounding on the doors. Tony and Yinsen barricaded the entrance and set an explosive to go off when the doors finally open, but there’s not enough time. The suit won’t be up and running before the men break in and kill them both. The doors crash open, and there’s an explosion, and there are screams, and Yinsen’s running. He’s running and picking up a gun and shooting.
the whole fuckin afghanistan shitstorm and obie is a suspicious motherfucker + the rhodey saving tony thing
He can’t control his suit at first, and he crashes into one of his
It gets worse when they graduate, because Tony is only seventeen, and he’s alone again, because Rhodey joined the Air Force and he’s been sent abroad, and he’s back at home with Howard, and Starks are made of iron.
He’s thirty-two when he asks JARVIS to immediately alert Rhodey, and if not him, then Pepper, if Tony falls back into his . . . old habits. He hasn’t trusted himself in years.
Starks are made of iron, and when Tony cried from the crushing, cold weight he felt from his soulmate when he was seven, Howard backhanded him and said just that.
, but he’s back under again.
Drop a comment and tell me how you feel I swear this chapter wouldn't have gotten done if I hadn't been able to go back and read through the sweet things y'all said
and he’s under.
and he is so fucking glad he can’t feel anything because he’s almost certain there is no anesthetic within a hundred miles, and open-heart surgery was never an experience he wanted in the first place. He can’t feel the pain, but watching a hand disappear into his chest,
He sleeps all the way home, and when he wakes up screaming on the jet, Rhodey is right there to hold him and calm him down. Pepper tries to get him to go to the hospital, but he really fucking wants a cheeseburger, and of course he needs to do a press conference. He refuses to be responsible for any more innocent deaths, no, he wants to do his best to save as many people as he possibly can with his newest invention.
Starks are made of iron, and he can’t feel the damage from the explosion, but it has to be there, his body armor wasn’t built to withstand that kind of a hit. He can’t feel the damage, but he can see it now, blood is staining his shirt, spreading over his chest, and he can’t feel it and
He asks his capturers, through Yinsen, for a ridiculous amount of materials, and then, on top of that, a washing machine. He thinks they might actually drown him for that one, but they still need him. Before he can start on anything else, he figures out a way to build a generator into his chest. He miniaturizes the Arc Reactor that powers his tower and great, now he’s got a fucking night-light.
time to finally tell Tony just who is filing an injunction against him. Fucking Obie himself. Tony really should have worn a lined suit, because he’s so cold and he thought Obie was going to protect him, but he’s yelling in Obie’s face, and then Obie just runs away like a goddamn coward.
this is the part (lol there's gonna be more) where i rip tony apart and then make him get slightly better :)
XOXO,
i know i said this would be up on friday, but i couldn't resist. that might mean a longer wait for later chapters, so i'm sorry. it's also kinda short but i don't really do long chaps ever.
Starks are made of iron, and maybe that’s why he doesn’t flinch when the window nearest him explodes in a spray of glass and fire. He jumps out of the Humvee, and he runs for cover, really just a couple of rocks. He’s not scared, not really, it won’t hurt if he gets shot, it won’t even hurt if he dies. He dives for a rifle, but has to drop it immediately. It’s scorching hot. He is leaning back against the rocks when he hears a dull
connected to a magnet in his chest, why is there a magnet.
smh i love this chap but i also hate it.
lol no everyone loves it when writers rip characters apart so they can build them again out of the broken fragments of their soul and splintered parts of the people they love XD.
He can’t do anything to protect his new company, though, because this heart that he has now won’t last all that long before he has to rebuild it, and he just wants to go home.
means that Obie is going to try and take over the company while Tony recovers. He, obviously, won’t let that happen.
He flies up to the Tower, and he doesn’t want to but he has to land immediately. JARVIS reminds him that the suit runs off of his battery, and if it loses power, the shrapnel he can’t even feel will make its way to his heart and he will die. Cheery. He tries to make a soft landing on the roof, but he crashes through the roof, through his living room, and onto
get better i promise.
love y'all so much thank you so fuckin much for reading!!!!!
for the Ten Rings, but he can pretend to. He starts work on a new software for a certain suit, and Yinsen helps him to build the body of the Iron Man armor, Mark I. He’s so proud of it when it’s done, even though it’s just a rough-hewn suit of armor with basic flight capabilities. He’s so proud of it, and it’s going to get him out, he’s going to live, he’s going back to his friends and maybe someday he’ll finally find his soulmate and they’ll both be warm together.
and it
and he’s so cold and he can’t see anymore-
Tony is only twenty-one, and he’s so very cold, and the press already has it out for him, so he keeps his iron mask on and pretends to be a playboy, pretends to just be a dumb kid, and he tries so hard to feel. He tries so hard to be strong, to keep going, but it’s so hard. Some days he doesn’t know if he’ll live to see the next, and others, well, he wishes he could still feel pain.
He’s twenty-six when Rhodey talks him into therapy, and he is prescribed meds, and he takes the meds, and he goes to therapy, and he goes to rehab, and he heals, a bit at a time. He’s still cold, nothing can fix that, and the crushing weight he feels from his soulmate is always there, but the weight from his mind eases slowly, and he is okay. He is alive.
He’s thirty-two when he switches Stark Tower from the power grid to the Arc Reactor, and stock prices shoot up as soon as it is confirmed a success. He’s thirty-two when he builds JARVIS, and he explains the name away as Just A Rather Very Intelligent System, but the AI speaks with Edwin Jarvis’ voice. Tony doesn’t cry, because Starks are made of iron, but he wants to. Instead, he throws himself into teaching JARVIS everything he could possibly learn.
. He goes out to the red carpet, and Obie decides it’s the
Tony knows he can’t actually build the
Emmeline
It becomes a regular thing, Tony and Rhodey sleeping together. No sex, just huddling for warmth, and even on nights that the heat is nearly unbearable for Rhodey anyway, he just hugs Tony tighter, and they both wait for the day Tony’s soulmate isn’t cold anymore.
but then the suit blinks back on and JARVIS’s voice returns to his ear. His fall slows, and then he’s parallel to the ground again and
him, over and over again and he’s already
He’s thirty when he meets Virginia Potts, and she is the most competent, most beautiful person he has ever met, and he wishes he was worthy of her. He hires her immediately. He nicknames her “Pepper,” and she hates it, and they get along just fine, but she’s already met her soulmate, and besides, she hasn’t been cold a day in her life, she runs hot.
are bad, but Obie convinces him it’s for the best. Obie always seems to know when Tony is getting too skeptical of the buyers, and he is always there to step in at the right moment and convince Tony that what they’re doing is
. Rhodey grabs him, and he buries his head in Rhodey’s chest, and Rhodey says, “Next time, you ride with me,” and he laughs, because
Emmeline
idea what she wants with
, but Starks are made of iron.
He gasps, and he’s breathing, he’s alive, but he’s stuck in a fucking cave in Afghanistan and he doesn’t know how to get out. He’s only thirty-eight, but it must be at least the fiftieth kidnapping he’s experienced. Only, this time, they want his brain, not his money, and they won’t willingly release him. They ask him to build the
Obie was most certainly not expecting him at the gala. He tells Tony to lay low, again, but Tony waves him off. He dances with Pepper, and they talk a bit, but then a reporter - what was her name? Christine? they had a one night stand at some point - comes up to him and confronts him with pictures of
written on the thing and think
Emmeline
, and he turns his head, quickly enough to see
XOXO,
He comes to in bursts of awareness, and the first fucking time he wakes up, someone is carving into his chest with a bloody
(See the end of the chapter for
Hope you liked it! Drop a comment (they're my food) and tell me what you think, what you liked, what you didn't like, any mistakes, or just plain old screaming. If you have a tumblr, my user is queenslytherclaw, and y'all are totally welcome to drop me an ask or PM me. Thanks so much for reading!!
i live on kudos and comments!!! <3
No matter what he does, he can’t feel anything from his soulmate but a deep, crushing pain in his ribs that didn’t leave with his own pain, and a cold that no blanket can ever warm.
The next time he’s aware, someone is
for them and he refuses, of course he refuses, but he has to give in because they
“You know what!”  Tony turns to Steve. His eyes are dark, his mouth in a fierce grimace. “I would have helped you! If you’d come to me, I would have helped you with Barnes! See what I did? I came after you in fucking Siberia! If you had just told me-“
“There are worse couples,” Bucky says, as the complications between were just a minor things. “Did you have feelings for him before this mess?”
Steve, lost in his thoughts, slowly looks at Clint, raising his brows towards his hairline.
Five seconds into the future.
”And?” Steve says. He has forgotten that at the time, Bucky had been Steve's priority. It all has changed. Steve can't look after Tony
“Sorry,” Steve mutters, letting go of her hand, “I’m just trying to decide if I know you from somewhere.”
“Without a doubt,” comes Wanda’s answer. Her phone buzzes.
“How is he?” Steve has to asks.
”Steve,” he says, ”Please, call me Steve.”
”You look like you've aged
Tony is working on improving Sam's wings and Steve – Steve draws. That’s almost all he does. What he draws, well. He could fill hundreds of sketchbooks with only pictures of Tony. He draws other people, other things, too, but he always comes back to Tony.
“I’m good,” Wanda says, staring at Lisa-Marie walking away. “It’s him, again,” she whispers.
T’Challa interrupts them, striding forward, Shuri following in his footsteps. “Mr. Stark, Ms. Maximoff, is good to see you,” he says to Tony and Wanda, who mutter a “your highness” in greeting.
“Mmmm… Not quite yet. We have some things we need to do today, that you’re not really going to like. The handcuffs make it easier.” He sat down on the bed, ran his hands proprietarily over Steve’s skin.
Tony offered him a soft smile, the type that made Steve’s stomach clench and his heart pound so loud he was certain the other man could hear it. “You’re so good to me, Steve. Thank you.”
“Worked wonders for my boy. He was a nightmare when I first got him. You wouldn’t believe how much time he spent strapped to a board.” He carefully pressed on Steve’s abdomen, feeling for the reproductive organs. “Seem to be well developed here. No signs of atrophy. Of course, the uterus and ovaries develop when an omega is young. Usually the signs of abuse are all found in the genitals and glands.”
“Sooner than I expected. Wonderful.”
“I love you too, Tony.”
"Why the hell would you do something so fucking reckless?"
"Damn I love that blush. Come here, sweetheart. Over my lap."
He groaned, closing his eyes, trying to hold onto some semblance of control. The machine varied the strength and speed of its thrusts in response to Tony's whims, and his hand never left Steve's cock, stroking him in rhythm with the dildo pounding into him, drawing release after release out of him, until Steve lost track of how many times he had come, sensitivity so great that every stroke was torture.
With the method he had chosen, it would take at least half an hour for the Extremis virus to be fully absorbed. And Tony didn’t want Steve thinking to question what he was really doing. Besides, Steve suffered beautifully. The combination of physical discomfort and forced pleasure leaving him gorgeously conflicted. All it took was a word from Tony to stop any protest or complaint.
He then spun Steve around pushing him out of the shower, drying him off briskly with the towel, turning him back and forth until he was dazed and unsteady on his feet, before grabbing him and dragging him into the bedroom and pushing him down so he was bent over the edge of the bed. It was still unsettling how strong the other man had become after extremis. Being manhandled wasn't something Steve was used to anymore, which made it secretly thrilling. He liked Tony being as strong as he was, which was not helping him in the current situation.
"Yes Tony." Steve took his time, putting on a show for the other man. When he finally revealed the silk briefs Tony groaned.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes!” Steve hissed, pulling at the cuffs.
The knot continued to grow, stretching him, putting pressure on the same area the alpha had been rubbing earlier. The alpha’s cock seemed to lengthen inside of him, pressing slightly deeper as he rocked against him, hand flying over Steve’s cock. He gritted his teeth, trying to hold back, but it was too much. A scream tore from Steve’s throat as he exploded, ropes of come striping the tiles beneath him, squeezing around the cock and knot buried fully inside of him, body milking the alpha’s release. Searing pain radiated from the side of his neck as sharp teeth broke through the skin and bonding gland beneath it.
"Yeah. You don't have to sharpen your knives on Tony. He hasn't done anything that I didn't... Umm..."
"On your knees. You got what you so desperately begged for. Now it's my turn." Steve slipped gracelessly from the bed and onto his knees as Tony unfastened his pants, freeing his achingly hard cock. "Show me how grateful you are, my sweet boy. And maybe I won't make you wait too long until I fuck you."
“I caught myself such a good little omega. I’m never letting you go.” He gripped Steve’s chest hard, kneading the flesh, feeling the weight of his breasts in his palms. The first touch of Tony’s mouth to one of his swollen nipples had him crying out, nearly releasing from the pressure. A painful pinch on the other side drew him back again, allowing his alpha to build him up higher.
He set down his tools, turning to face Steve with an evil smirk. "Starting to regret ratting me out to Brucie bear at the first opportunity, aren't you?"
"Yes Tony."
"What's the matter, sweetheart? Afraid I'm not going to fill you back up again?"
“Pretty good. Sore. Are you gonna let me out of the handcuffs anytime soon, Tony?”
To be fair, Tony had called from Hong Kong every night he had been gone. Less fair was the fact that he had left Steve locked up in the cage the entire time he had been gone. And teased him every night. Because of course he had. Steve practically dove across his bed to grab his phone the second it rang. "Tony?"
“Yeah, Steve. It’s me. Why don’t you come in. I think we need to talk.”
Standing once more, Tony checked the tubing to make sure everything was running properly, opening the valve further, speeding the flow of liquid. Steve was taking it so well, but he wanted to see him struggle. Tony was rewarded by a low groan. Steve doubled over further, arms wrapping around his rapidly swelling stomach as the first of the cramps began. However, due to Tony’s control, his erection never flagged. Tony stepped closer, reaching down to stroke him in earnest. Steve shuddered helplessly, fighting against his instinct to pull away. Tony worked him close to the edge before releasing him. Adjusting the valve to allow the last quarter of the mixture to flow down the tubing even faster.
A soft hissing from the vents drew his attention. A faintly colored mist was slowly filling the room, a sweet scent filling Steve’s lungs. He dropped as low to the ground as possible, trying to buy himself time. Time for what, he wasn’t certain. He’d been in the facility for weeks, unable to free himself. Now the holding cell was filling with some form of drugged gas. He didn’t know what would happen to him, panic making his heart pound and his chest heave, struggling for breath. It was the wrong reaction.
The rest of the meal passed in a blur of frustration and need. And Tony asking him if he was alright. There were times Steve was grateful for how perceptive the genius was. Tonight was not one of them. After a seemingly endless drive back to the tower, and multiple assurances that not only was he just fine, but that he would actively make more time to spend with him, Tony finally let him escape to his floor.
Bucky gripped his arm firmly, giving him a little shake. “You ain’t listening to me, punk. We were wrong. What our parents told us was wrong. Bruce spent that entire week tryin’ to undo some of the damage caused by the drugs they put us on. And it really fucking hurt. But he never made it worse than it had to be.”
“Yeah. Yeah. It’s um… Fine. Just fine. I’m just gonna…” He didn’t even finish stuttering out an explanation before turning and sprinting for the stairs, not stopping until he was on his floor with the door locked. What the hell was happening?
“2012.”
“Now get the hell outta here. I gotta get ready for my date.”
"Yes, Tony, please, anything."
Steve shook his head fiercely, unwilling to admit how much the helplessness of his situation was turning him on. A slap landed on his upturned ass, startling him, followed by a rain of blows, often carelessly striking the end of the plug. Steve whimpered, struggling against his restraints, however his hips also rocked back desperately to meet every blow.
“Then that’s what we’ll do.”
Tony smirked. “Obviously you weren’t paying attention. You’re going to run, Steve. As long as I want you to, until I tell you to stop. And every time you stop without my permission, I’m going to bend you over and tighten the cage on your little cocklet. Understand?”
Tony nodded. “Internal now?”
Tony woke to soft whimpers and gasps from the sleeping omega beside him, surrounded by the scent of need. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, enjoying the way Steve pressed back against him in small movements. Bruce had been right. The combination of alpha come and having Steve fixed had already done wonders for the omega’s libido. He idly wondered which version of Steve he’d be greeted with when the man finally woke. When they had gone to bed the night before, he’d obviously been too worn out to continue fighting. Tony had no illusions that it would continue. His omega was full of fire and spirit.
“Impatient are we? Alright sweetheart, I’ll give you what you need.” Then he was moving, thrusting forward to bury himself inside of Steve in a single movement, riding him down to the bed and forcing him flat against it. Tony set up a punishing rhythm, and if Steve had any hesitations about the effects of Extremis on the other man, they were gone now. No normal human could move like this. Short, hard thrusts pushed him down into the bed, slamming into his prostate every time. The pressure was building, had nowhere to go, made him restless. Steve rocked his hips back against Tony, down into the sheets, back and forth helplessly with no idea of what would actually give him relief. No idea if he actually wanted it or not.
Steve's eyes widened. No. No, he couldn't do that to him. He'd lose his mind. "Tony, Tony please!"
"Such a fucking pretty sight, Steve. Every time. I could look at you like this for hours."
Just as he expected, Steve knelt down gracefully on the pillow, gaze open and easy. Tony brushed his fingers through Steve’s hair. “Good boy.”
Steve felt fine tremors begin to run through his muscles. When he spoke again his voice was a whisper. “Please don’t do this.”
Tony tilted his chin up, studied his face. "Hey, everything okay?"
Steve moaned when the plug was slid in place. This time Tony widened it just far enough to press firmly against Steve’s prostate before stopping. He stepped back, taking in the sight of the thoroughly wrecked man lying before him, waiting for Tony’s next move. “Alright sweetheart, I’m going to give this a moment to work and then we’ll start. I’m going to give you another choice. If you can control yourself and not come during this punishment, after we’re done, I’ll take care of you and we’ll go to sleep. If you can’t control yourself, we will immediately move into your next punishment. If you choose to come, it won’t be pleasant with the sound in place, and I won’t be removing it until morning. Alright?” Tony waited for him to nod. “Good.”
When he blinked his eyes open again, he was curled up in Tony's lap, fingers carding through his hair. A soft blanket was wrapped around his shoulders. The plug and clamps were gone, the cage back in place without the vibrator attached. Steve turned his head, lazily nuzzling into the side of Tony's neck. He could hear other voices, but the words seemed too far away for him to understand.
Steve lost all track of time, his chest heaving with exertion even though he was moving at a slow pace. Trying to keep himself moving was taking it’s toll, but each time he couldn’t stand it any longer and dropped to the ground, Tony pulled out his control and adjusted the cage, ignoring all of Steve’s begging and pleading. Every inch of his body was throbbing, part of him still craving more. A particularly hard release knocked him to the ground again, and as he felt the cage tightening further, his control broke.
Steve’s gaze was still glued to the ground. He couldn’t bring himself to meet the older man’s eyes, afraid of what he’d see there. “That was very kind of you. Your Steve is very lucky.”
“Never, sweetheart. Never again. My good boy. My sweet boy. My love. I’ll take care of you. It’s alright now.” Steve tilted up his tear stained face, and Tony’s lips met his in a tender kiss. He could finally relax.
“Empty, alpha.”
Tony ordered delivery, for their floor and the rest of the Avengers, before they made their way to the couch, deciding to watch a movie while they waited on food. A few hours later they had finished both dinner and another movie from their list. Tony stood and stretched, back popping. "Come on, baby doll. Let's go to bed."
“What?”
"What's your word, Steve?"
“No Tony.”
“Yes! Yes! Fuck me. Fuck me, please!” Bucky arched his back, fingers digging into Steve’s skin as he felt Tony’s cock enter him, press inside a little bit before pulling back, only to reach a little deeper with every thrust. It felt like absolution. Like being remade. No longer did he only exist to be a weapon. He could be used to bring pleasure to the two generous men in bed with him, offering him a place in their homes and their lives. Hydra no longer owned him. Tony Stark did. And he would fight to the death to defend what was his.
"That's my good boy. Did you already have dinner?"
"Alright..."
Steve let out a lazy hum, burying his face in Tony’s shoulder. “Yeah. Everything’s fine. Better than, actually. Congratulations, alpha. You’re going to be a dad.”
"I'll give you a choice. You listening sweetheart?"
Steve curled up tighter in his lap, cuddling and kissing until food arrived. He pulled a chair around the desk so he could sit close to Tony while they ate, reaching out to touch him often, reassuring himself that the other man was still there. After lunch, Tony walked him to the door, kissed him and promised to be home as soon as he could. Told him to be a good boy, while squeezing the cage through his pants.
"Good boy."
Bruce released the speculum, removing it and setting it aside. “I always do. Would you like to proceed? I can set up in the other room while you prep him.”
“Why are you doing this to me? I don’t want it! I don’t want any of it!” Steve sobbed, overcome with grief. “You hurt me!”
"Alright. We can play this too. Answer my question, and you don't get punished. Answer wrong..."
"Yes, Tony."
Tony’s cock stroking in and out of his abused hole was what finally roused Steve from the deep sleep he’d fallen into. Memories of the night before came rushing back. Tony had claimed him. Wanted to keep him. There was still a dull throbbing in both sides of his neck, but it only heightened the pleasure as Tony slowly rolled into him. Even as he thought it, lips ran across the torn flesh, stubble rubbing against the skin, making Steve clench tighter around the cock buried inside of him.
“Language, Steve. Now in theory, it should wear off after several hours. Of course the proteins in an alpha’s come can also deactivate it. But I don’t think you deserve that yet, do you?”
“I designed it myself, sweetheart. What do you think?”
Steve let his mouth snap shut, following Tony into the elevator instead. He could almost feel the anger simmering in him. They were quiet the entire trip up to the penthouse. As soon as the doors closed, Tony spun around to face him.
Steve looked down, staring at his lap. Suddenly this didn't seem quite so fun anymore. "Tony..."
The next two days seemed to drag. Steve couldn't stop imagining what Tony would do to him when he came home. How he would punish him. At night he would dream about their previous scenes, waking up to his cock straining against the cage and his ass clenching desperately around nothing. It was making him crazy. He was counting the minutes until Tony would be home and he could climb him like a tree.
Tony finally slid his mouth away from Steve’s cocklet, pressing his thighs up and draping them over his shoulders. He tilted Steve back until he was at a comfortable angle, then lowered his mouth to his swollen entrance, tongue gliding over it softly, lapping up the slick spilling out of him. Steve moaned, arching his back, offering himself up to his alpha. The first slide of Tony’s tongue inside his swollen passage had him releasing again, pulsing around the slick muscle as it continued to move inside of him. He lost all track of time and surroundings. At one point, he thought he saw Bucky hovering in the doorway of the workshop, but when he thought to look again there was no one there.
“Fine.” Steve could feel himself pouting and chose to ignore it. Tony was right. Better to get it over with rather than drawing it out. And there was still a small part of him that was unsettled, knowing his alpha was displeased with him and wanting nothing more than to make it better.
"A good one?"
Tony's gaze bored into him steadily. "For you, Steve. Because I know you. I know how worried you were that I would get hurt, or killed, and leave you behind. Because the last thing I want is for that to happen. I want to have decades with you, not a few years. I want to be strong enough to have your back. I'm a selfish man, Steve. When I find something I want, I take it. And what I want, more than anything, is you. Just you. In my life. And in my bed. For as long as I possibly can."
A second later, he was dropping down on top of him, pinning him to the bed with his weight. Something was different. He didn't have long to think about it before Tony's lips were crashing against his. Steve moaned, clinging to him.
“Why should I stop if you’re obviously enjoying it so much?”
Tony stared into the room for a long moment. “I want him.”
Tony rubbed the back of his neck, intently studying the carpet. "I..."
"Thank you, Tony..."
Steve shuddered, grinding down against the hard pressure of Tony's thigh, working himself closer with each strike, until he was there. With a shout he came, spilling across Tony's skin, firm slaps drawing out every last shiver of pleasure. Then a hard grip on his hips was pulling him back onto his knees. He could feel the other man move around behind him, hear the wet sound of lube sliding over his cock. Head spinning, he arched his back, offering himself up as much as possible.
“You need to get used to coming naturally, sweetheart. And we need to shrink down that little cocklet anyway. A cage will be good for you. And it’s happening whether you like it or not. You get to decide if we’re doing it the easy way or the hard way.”
"One finger. Slide it in. You can take it, sweetheart."
Steve melted beautifully into the embrace, a soft sound trapped in his throat when they parted. “Thank you, alpha…”
Loki smirked, a soft chuckle at Steve's discomfort slipping free. "You know, as you watched our rather public display, I find myself quite curious as to what kind of show you and the good Captain could put on for us. It would only be fair..."
As he made his escape, Bruce caught his eyes, giving him a wink that made him flush a bright shade of red. It was an almost knowing look. But there was no way Bruce could have any idea what was going on with him and Tony, other than the fact they were dating. Obviously being unrelentingly horny was making him paranoid.
He doubted Steve would have shared some of the finer details about mating if it weren’t something he wanted just as much. To be claimed, kept, by someone so possessive they couldn’t stand the idea of him ever belonging to someone else. A slow wave of desire rolled through Tony. He could feel his cock stir and begin to fill, slotted neatly between Steve’s cheeks, only separated by thin layers of fabric.
“You’re most welcome. I think we should make that part of your regular routine. Keep you nice and pretty for me. What do you think?”
“No.”
Steve could hear the slick sound of lube and then Tony's fingers were gliding inside of him, pressing into his swollen prostate. The weights dangling from the clamps swung freely, pulling on his nipples, making him squeeze around the fingers inside of him.
Steve let out a slow breath as he sank back down on the chair facing him. “Yeah. Things aren’t working out so well for me lately.”
"You want it so bad, don't you?"
Tony waved the apology away, taking a large bite of pancake before setting his fork down. “No need, sweetheart. I know I’m useless before coffee, why would I expect more from anyone else?”
*          *          *
“I’m not sure, sweetheart. Bruce said this was the worst part of training for his omega. But we’ll get through this. And this time, you get to feel good the whole time.”
Tony lifted the faceplate of the armor. "Your brother's trial. Tell us what happened."
"I trust you, Tony."
Tony leaned down, pressing their foreheads together. “I’ve never seen you look like this when you cry, Steve. Please tell me?”
"Good. Put the flowers in water, let's go. You don't want to be late for dinner, do you? Good boys get dessert."
And to make up for the long wait, have a super long, extra smutty chapter. Hope you enjoy! Let me know what you think down in the comments. Was this what you were hoping to see?
"Well, according to the data so far, extremis has been steadily working to undo a lot of past trauma I've experienced. It's ramped up my metabolism and increased my strength and stamina. I'm still testing out a few quirks, but so far everything looks good. I feel better than I have in probably a decade. And Jarvis is taking constant scans in case of any issues."
As always, tags are updated with each chapter and comments not only give me life but encourage more prolific updates. What can I say? I have a praise kink. Just ask my Dom.
“That’d be a waste.”
"Much better. When we're in here, I'm your Sir. Do you understand?"
Steve ended up spending several hours talking to Loki, before returning to the penthouse to wait for Tony. He must have fallen asleep at some point, because he woke up to the soft brush of lips across his forehead. "Tony?"
Natasha pursed her lips and studied him for a moment. "I'm assuming this is a case of new and overwhelming, not him coercing you into things you don't like?"
"Months. I started making pretty little toys for you months ago." He sat down on the bed beside Steve, reached down and gripped the cage in a hard fist. "And now you're here. You're mine. And I am going to make damned sure that no one else will ever be able to touch you again."
"Yeah, and you ordered as much for yourself as I usually eat. What did you do?"
“Tomorrow morning. Damn I’ll miss you.”
"Day after tomorrow. We'll be gone for two weeks. Loki and Thor have offered to step up their involvement with the team, so we should be covered. You'll have most mornings and afternoons to yourself, and other than a dinner or two, we can see the city together at night. Since I don't imagine you got to see much of London last time you were there."
“Yes Sir… Just… Big. So big…”
“You… You don’t have secondary genders here?”
When Tony reached down for him, Steve darted forward, sinking his teeth into Tony’s hand hard enough to draw blood. “Ow! You little shit!” Tony jerked his hand free, glaring, as Steve bared his teeth and growled at him. “Okay, that’s enough! You wanna be put in your place? Fine. I can give you that. But I don’t think you’ll like it as much as you think.”
"Then yes. Please."
"Oh, baby. You like this, don't you? Answer me."
The morning was spent touring a museum Steve had wanted to see, and Tony listened with a soft smile as he spoke excitedly about the artists displayed, the particulars of the painting styles he enjoyed, and why the specific works were chosen for display. Lunchtime found them at a small cafe that they passed that caught Steve's fancy, and Tony was more than willing to indulge him.
"Impatient, are we?"
“Then yesterday will look like a walk in the park in comparison. I want to be sweet to you, Steve. But the choice is yours.”
“H-handler…?” He tried, the answer denied with a sharp shake of Tony’s head. His eyes were dark and blazing as they bored into Bucky. He didn’t have the answer, didn’t know what Tony wanted to hear. He sobbed softly, suspended on the edge of release, unable to tip over. Held there by Tony’s will. Bucky wanted to surrender to this man, give him everything. The way Steve had. Realization dawned. He could see the satisfaction in Tony’s eyes as he finally saw what he wanted in Bucky’s face.
“I believe she’s on a mission,” Wanda says, “That’s what I’ve gathered. Rhodes is still recovering. You do know what happened to him, don’t you?”
And so was Steve’s. But he had lost that – years ago. And now, the last flicker of hope had died.
The words from a different time echo inside Steve's head.
”Cap? Rogers?” Tony's voice. Sometimes, hearing Tony's voice still takes him by surprise. Tony throws himself next to Steve on the couch, raising his eyebrows at Steve.
The terrifying truth hits him. Steve is far from ready for those five seconds to be up yet.
She leaps out of the window, which Jarvis closes after her.
“Yes. He was just here a couple nights ago. Didn’t see me, but I see everything. He used to bother Mr. Hogan, but then Tony gave him Lizzy’s number. I don’t know what he’s so keen on ‒ I heard Tony say he turned down his offer to become an official Avenger. Perhaps he’s reconsidering.”
The morning comes, and Tony barges into the kitchen where the early birds, Steve and Natasha, already sit.
Bruce's words ring in Steve's ears as he stands outside Peggy's house. The day is lovely, the sun is shining and a cheerful group of children is riding their bikes past Steve, their clear and innocent voices laughing.
Steve thinks to himself,
”Home?”
They make love a total of three times, until Tony's eyes a drooping shut.
And Tony ‒ he’s a key part of it. Steve’s equal, his other half.
”I'm going to New York,” says Steve turning to Natasha. Something flashes in Natasha's eyes – surprise followed by realization – and then, her mouth turns into a knowing smirk. Gosh, Steve has missed that.
All Steve's energy goes into preventing himself from breaking down. He puts his shaking hands behind his back, trying to breathe normally. Tony looks confused. He looks younger – he
Steve hears only breathing, the a quiet, clean, and emotionless, “Cap.”
”You,” Steve blurts out, ”You are here. Nothing else matters. I've chased my past enough.”
Tony still looks slightly dazed, but softly replies, ”Okay.” So softly Steve can barely hear it.
”Where are you heading after this?” Natasha asks.
”What do you mean?” Tony says.
“Then why didn’t you call me?” Tony asks.
“Come on!” Shuri pleads, “I want to see the android man!”
“Anyway,” Shuri sighs, “I thought you might want to wait until he’s up. Then you could leave together.”
”You're unbelievable Cap, you know that?”
”Oh, nothing,” Tony groans, ”Just a minor, tiny disagreement.” When Steve frowns, Tony adds, ”Don't worry, Cap. It's under control.”
Captain America is dead.
“You’ve grown a beard,” is the first thing comes out of Tony’s mouth when he sees Steve.
“No, no,” Steve says, “The opposite! They would have actually wanted me to stay. But I had things to do, somewhere else to be. I couldn’t leave my team in peril.”
Steve thinks, but doesn’t dare to say anything.
“Who?” Steve asks.
“Oh, I remember,” Wanda says, “Why didn’t you stay there? Was it not safe?”
“I’m Shuri,” says Shuri, turning to glance at T’Challa smugly, “The future queen of Wakanda.”
It feels like he's just sweeping it under the rug, but he just
“Well, Your H- T’Challa, I think it’s my time to leave,” Steve confesses, fiddling with the sleeve of his hoodie.
They had won but Steve had
”What the hell?” Tony splutters. Steve knows he's about to call the Iron Man suit, so he raises his hand as a gesture for Tony to stop.
Now, as the ship flickers into their view, getting rid off its disguise, Steve feels almost as anxious as Tony must be.
He thinks of the future that cannot happen.
“I-“ Steve hasn’t thought this through. “Is it too much if I ask you to allow him to live here?”
As an answer, Steve receives a shrug. He drinks the tea and when he's about to stand up to take the cup into the kitchen, Tony interrupts the silence with a ”Why did you kiss me?”
Tony is gone that evening, leaving Nat with a message that they needn't worry. Steve rings Pepper, who tells them Tony's on a business trip. Where, she doesn't say, reluctant to give out any information.
She settles right in ‒ befriends Wanda in a second. She even starts to get along with Tony, who’s still not convinced that she’s more of a genius than he is.
He doesn’t have to decide that, because his phone buzzing interrupts him.
”The other members of the team. The don't come here, do they? They don't live here, even though you promised to take them in?” Steve rambles. He knows Clint has a reason, his secret still unknown to everyone except Nat. Thor, too, has his own family, but there’s still Nat and Bruce… And Steve. Steve regrets he didn't go to Tony when he had the change. He's going to fix that, now.
“Me?” he answers, “Nothing special. Talked with Bucky. Watched Wanda and Shuri play chess. Texted Sam. An uneventful day in total.”
Steve sighs, closing his eyes. He knows he’s saying the name
He hangs up, but doesn’t approach Steve, playing with the phone in his hand.
“If the world were go awry, right now, would you help?” Steve asks Wanda.
”Alright,” Tony mutters, ”Like that makes sense… Jarvis?”
“Trying to restrain from spidering around too much. Isn’t going well ‒ at least every other day he’s beating up some mugger. Always too eager to call me about it. I told him he could be an avenger, you know? If he wanted to. Said he wasn’t ready yet, I guess this is his way of gaining experience. Smart kid.”
At that, Clint rolls his eyes, like he’s saying
Until one day, Steve finds himself standing at the shore of the Potomac River, the same shore he had once lain unconscious on.
when Tony suddenly huffs, ”What's the deal with you, Rogers?”
”I'm staying as long as you’ll have me,” Steve declares.
“I did,” Shuri finally says, stepping forward.
“Who’s that?” Steve asks.
His life is quiet and uneventful ‒ even peaceful, except for his tumultuous mind. He follows the news, he reads, he watches movies with Sharon, texts with Sam.
Steve stands up and goes to Tony, letting his hands travel up Tony's sides. Tony shivers, eyes glistening with something – perhaps hope mixed with wonder.
”Tony,” Natasha interrupts his rambling, ”It's alright. Everything is perfect.” There's a smile on her face as she looks at Tony, something like fondness sparkling in her eyes. She hops off of her chair, informing them, ”I'm heading to the gym now.”
“Bucky… He killed Tony’s parents when he was the Winter Soldier. Tony… He didn’t take it well, even though Bucky was under mind control at the time. The worst thing is-“ Steve closes his eyes. He can see the hurt, the raw pain in Tony’s eyes.
And there it is ‒ a hint of a smile on Tony’s face. “Cap, why so metaphoric,” he smirks, but adds, “I don’t think I can forget, though.”
Tony is trying to look anywhere but Steve's face. He looks good in his skin-tight black shirt that accentuates his figure.
”It's fine,” Steve whispers.
Tony hands Steve the sketchbook, face twitching in something that barely resembles a smile. Gently, Steve takes the book, fingers brushing Tony's. When Tony turns away, Steve catches him by his sleeve.
had Steve written. Like he had been talking about their children. Like they were family.
”I know. It's true,” Steve says, wanting nothing more than to hold Tony.
“Three days ago,” FRIDAY voices.
So, there’s that. He’s moving in. Not in the facility, it’s too heavily supervised. Someone would catch him in the end, and then they would be ‒ Tony included ‒ in big trouble.
Steve considers it for a moment. “No,” he finally says, “It was… I guess I really needed a kiss.” He chuckles. “A distraction. Hell, I thought I was going to have to fight a handful of super soldiers. Ended up fighting my friends instead… And you were there, and friendly.”
”Steve?” he says. So softly. ”Talk to me.”
“I’m sorry,” he says, trying to load the words with all the meaning he has.
Clint looks like he doesn’t believe Steve, so Steve says,
Something flashes in Tony’s eyes.
As he runs his thumb over the time GPS, he doesn’t know what to do.
”Actually, I need to speak to him,” Natasha says.
”Enough,” Natasha admits, walking to the sink to fill the bottle. ”Sorry, didn't mean to eavesdrop.”
”Natasha. What brings you here?” Tony asks, turning on his chair, his face breaking into a welcoming smile. Brightening up Steve's whole world.
“If you were safe and hidden, why did you come back? Did they kick you out?” Wanda asks, picking raisins from her granola bar, looking at Steve with curious eyes.
”Rough mission,” Steve says quietly.
But it's not the first time Steve has chased dead things.
Even more so, Tony’s hurt eyes haunted him at night and day.
“Last time I checked, Shuri was not a superhero,” Tony points out.
And Thanos. Thanos definitely cannot happen again. Just the thought of seeing that ugly purple face makes Steve nauseous.
They could extend it to Rhodey, Sam, Vision, T’Challa, Natasha…
“I think she will,” comments Sam.
“Tony will be there as well,” Steve reminds gently. Tony, who had kept Wanda locked up, deeming her too dangerous to enter the outside world.
“I would destroy the one who used the weapon,” Steve says, “Please, give him a chance. Life hasn’t been fair to him.”
“Roger that,” Steve says, saluting the woman who gives no response.
“No, Rhodey, I don’t think so! Yeah, the kid told me he doesn’t want to be an Avenger after all, but he’s still rounding up on me! You know what, today he’s called Lizzy three times ‒ three times, Rhodey! Have some mercy on your niece, Jesus Christ… Niece, cousin, it’s the same.”
“So, you and Stark?” Bucky says, smirking.
They didn’t know. His team didn’t know what had went down in Siberia ‒ the only ones who did were Steve, Tony and Bucky. Not even T’Challa knew the whole truth. He hadn’t been
He wishes he could feel all of Tony at once as he runs his palms over Tony's arms, shoulders, back, ass, thighs…
Steve spares one more glance at the direction where Tony had disappeared, half excepting him to be standing there, observing Steve’s exchange with Lisa-Marie. There’s no one there, however, so Steve follows Lisa-Marie inside.
Squaring his shoulders, Tony stops.
Bucky stands in front of him, staring at the other Steve on the shore. Steve doesn't have much time. He knows he has a chance here and the chance requires a sacrifice.
There they are; T’Challa and Shuri bracketing Bucky, who’s squinting into the night.
“And?” Tony says, crossing his arms, “What then?”
”Forget about it,” Tony mutters, already barging out of the room. ”By all means, talk to him. Let Jarvis know when I can come back to my workshop.”
“But I can’t,” says Wanda, tilting her chin up defiantly.
Steve's heart had gone, as well.
“Reckon Laura will tear me a new one, Cap?” Clint groans.
“So, go ahead,” Tony says darkly, “You can shout now. You can let it all out, be mad at me for going after your precious best pal Barnes.”
After everything.
“Jesus Christ… I come back and you’ve fallen in love… Steve, you have to take action. You don’t want this to end like Peggy.”
They all sound like excuses. Excuses, excuses, ugly excuses.
Steve thought.
“No,” Steve says, “I think about you constantly. Every minute ‒ every hour at least. I can’t let go of my phone in case you happen to call. And tonight, you did.
He thinks of Carol Danvers, again, how she'd held against Thanos and the infinity stones whereas Steve couldn't.
”Wh- Who
in Tony. But Tony is tense in his arms and Steve has to soon let go.
He wonders if he could lift Mjölnir in this time.
”Hold up, Nat,” Steve says urgently, ”I'll call you back later.” He disconnects the call and runs to meet up with Tony.
It feels like they’re trying to introduce a dog and a cat to each other.
”Good,” Steve breathes. He picks up his backpack from the floor. ”I'm going to swing by my quarters to drop off my stuff. What's for dinner?”
”Steve? Who's Miss Marvel over there? How can she
“Don’t look at me like that,” Tony groans, “Like you regret everything.”
“Even me?” Sam quips from the cockpit.
Steve circles around the couch and sits next to Tony. “I truly am. I- I wasn’t thinking straight. Peggy had just died, and she seemed like my last physical link to the past. And then ‒ there was Bucky, and-“
Bucky strides across the room and sits next to Steve on the bed. “So, all is good now?”
That's an easy question to answer.
”Why?”
“How old are you?” Tony asks, then adds, as an afterthought, “Princess?”
“Really? Who?” Steve mumbles. They’re having chinese takeout and Steve is twirling noodles around his fork.
She pats his shoulder, and leaves him alone, totally dumbfounded.
about, these days. When Tony stays still, Steve swallows and continues, ”Please. I just had to be with you.”
“You’re here for him? You’re here for Mr. Stark ‒ Tony.”
Sharon nods, looking wistful. “So, we can both conclude that we are, in fact, over before we even begun.”
He could've live in the tower for years, be with Tony, fall deeper and deeper in love. Steve thinks about the other Steve Rogers on the bottom of the Potomac River and hates him.
“How was your day?” Steve asks in turn, eyeing Tony’s profile. Judging by the shadows under his eyes, he’s in dire need of sleep at least.
Steve says, the word loaded with meaning, and Tony looks at him, and
”Don't leave,” Tony just whispers.
When Tony finally returns, it doesn't happen without obstacles. Steve is in the lounge room, on the phone with Natasha, when he sees Iron Man landing outside on the platform. He watches as the suit opens – Steve misses Tony’s nanotech suit, how beautiful it had looked on Tony’s body – and Tony stumbles out, holding his side.
Tony had said.
“Thank you, Sharon,” Steve says, “Honestly, I couldn’t thank you enough. You didn’t have to put your position ‒ yourself ‒ in danger for us. If SHIELD gets to know about this, you’re over. Me and Sam ‒ well, we’re wanted criminals.”
heavy.”
”I'm so sorry,” Steve says to Tony's retreating back.
It takes barely a second for Steve and Tony to notice that the girls are fully dressed, as if they’re going somewhere.
The corner of Tony’s mouth twitches and he gets a soft look in his eyes. “Is that your new mantra, Steve?”
So lovely.
Steve throws his arms around him, wishing he could bury his face in Tony's neck, bury
She comes back the next day, and the next, and the next... “All they know is that I’m seeing someone in Philadelphia,” she says one evening when they’re watching some black-and-white movie from the 50s. Steve hasn’t have nothing else to do than to strengthen his popular culture knowledge, and think about Tony, and brood.
“No,” Steve says, “I’m by myself.”
“You’re an ally. A friend ‒ and a friend is not an outsider.”
“Leave? May I ask why?” T’Challa says, lifting his brow.
When he spends the night sobbing into Rhodey’s shoulder, wishing that the pills could numb all the pain, not just the physical, Rhodey can’t think of anything to say at all, so he settles for holding Tony tighter.
He sees how sad Tony is, underneath the iron, and one day he finds Tony’s stash, and he throws it all out. He confronts Tony, and Tony nearly sobs, but Starks are made of iron, and he
he can’t think and he feels like dying but then, Rhodey comes back and he’s not alone.
(See the end of the chapter for
and my roommate/beta says i should be sorry.
. They’re dead. Of course. And he’s leaving, he’s blasting his way out of that bloody cave, and he’s in the air and it explodes as he’s flying up and away, and then suddenly he’s falling.
He keeps taking the pills, and he adds his own to the mix. Anything to numb the pain, because his soulmate seems to be in so much pain already. He can’t bear to add to it. Besides, Starks are made of iron, and somehow being too high to understand it makes the pain easier to hide.
tell me what's wrong with it so i can fix it pleassseeeee
There isn’t a moment Tony isn’t thinking about his soulmate. The constant cold and crushing weight on him, pressing in from all sides, serve as a constant reminder of the pain and sorrow his soulmate must feel. When it gets particularly bad, he clings to Rhodey and wraps himself in every blanket he owns.
