The messages were sent almost half an hour ago, and he couldn't see Tony in the crowd, despite the fact he spotted some of their other friends, far away. Natasha, Bruce, Clint, Thor, although still kind of tentative, all seemed genuinely happy to see one  another again. Even Bruce had seemed almost at ease. And a part of Steve longed to go and join them, feel the old camaraderie seep into him, but more urgent than that was the almost physical need to find Tony, to
"The bash?" Peter said, puzzled for a moment, and then he brightened. "Oh, the party. You kids with your new slang." He cast a glance over his shoulder, shrugged than leaned even closer to Tony: "A bit quiet for my taste." Then he straightened up. "And this is me saying it.
The silence stretched, but it definitely wasn't the most uncomfortable entity in the room.
Tony: That's not reassuring. Also, it isn't an answer.
Tony: AND IN WHAT UNIVERSE IS THIS NOT WEIRD??
"Oh, he
A surprised laugh escaped from Steve’s lips, transforming his face into something more familiar. “What?”
saying. He supposed they had a lot of talking to do if they wanted to try and patch up their friendship. Or whatever the hell this was.
The guards looked at each other in consternation.
Almost simultaneously – or so it seemed to Tony – they turned aside, looking for a way out. And Tony said: "Oh, I have to..." and Steve said, "Oh, there's Bucky, I'm just going to..." and just like that they were apart, and the subsequent relief did nothing to fill the emptiness Tony felt.
Steve cared about him, to a degree.
"That's Morgan," I said quietly when he finally raised his eyes to look at me. Calling them misty would have been an understatement. I had a stone in my chest and all I wanted was to go to him, hold him, but I didn't think it was me he wanted. "Morguna," I went on. "My Tony used to call her that. That's how she pronounced it when she first started talking..." My Tony had told me that  story during one of the short breaks in planning and plotting, after he finally came back to the Compound. At that point, I'd wished I could pack him up and just send him back to his family, everything else be damned. But we needed him and, in the end, he'd made his choice.
Tony: YES.
That was Steve's voice, an anchor. At the same time, Tony was saying: "Louis? You all right, buddy? What happened here? Where is everyone?"
He took a deep breath. "Steve," he started again, with some apparent hesitation. Still, there was more than a hint of warmth in his voice. I looked up, met his eyes. His use of my first name nestled inside my chest, precious, even though I couldn't tell him something like that. "I
Maybe I can learn to say what I want without the unnecessary surplus of assholery.
Tony: My other pet theory was that they thought to pressure and blackmail me through Pepper. Since, er, I may have semi-publicly bemoaned the fact that she's seeing someone new, some time ago. In my defense (or not), I was drunk. Not the best decision making process in the world, but it is what it is.
when he realized that – no matter how much he told himself all he wanted was to make Steve eat snow – he’d been well aware of where this was going, or he should have been. And they were looking into each other’s eyes, lying there in the snow, and Tony was hyper aware of Steve’s hands at the small of his back, and he realized how delightfully weird but also natural this felt. Who could have imagined it last night? But today had changed something, thawed something. And although the last night’s almost-kiss on the brow had felt like a goodbye to Tony, he knew he wasn’t rational about any of it, at all. What if it had been a hello instead? It now felt as if they’d scrapped everything that had gone before and were back at first impressions, somehow. As if a million new options suddenly were opening around them, which was obviously a cause for even more panic, but it was a
, Rogers?"
Tony: But went to a store, really? As if.
He ran his calloused hand up the length of Steve's cock, then back again, not too gentle at all. Steve threw his head back and moaned, beautiful, perfect as a Bernini statue even if his face was only barely visible in the dark. An unwelcome tendril of sadness in Tony's heart twitched.
Tony: Nice?
, he thought in order to distract himself while he was falling asleep.
, the readings were more or less stable. The heating appeared wonky, in this part of the deck at least, and the lights were flickering, but for now, if the in-built detectors in the suits were anything to go by, the air was still breathable. Steve promptly tore his helmet off. Tony started to do the same, but Steve just shook his head at him. Tony opened his mouth to protest, but: "Just do what you're told for once," Cap ordered before he could say anything. Tony could practically see he was already regretting he'd let Tony come along.
"Dove." Steve's lips are even closer now, and Tony can't stop staring.
"Whoa, whoa, stand down, stand the fuck down" he heard himself rattle off, as if from a distance. "What is this, the point-a-gun-at-Steve-Rogers-day?
"You do?"
Tony: You sure? You tried?
Tony: Got it all neatly written down for me. On these tiny cards. As if I couldn't memorize a fucking phonebook overnight. Christ.
"You know the air's freshest this early in the morning." He grinned at his private joke that wasn't really his any longer.
, Cap," Tony said, but, to make everything worse (or better), he didn't even sound annoyed. He took another gulp of soup. "Just super bored." He gestured at his tablet morosely. "I've no concentration for anything serious. But I think I'm feeling a little better, actually." Belying his words, Tony scrunched up his nose and sneezed. Steve arched an eyebrow. "Dust?" Tony said with a tiny smirk. His eyes were too shiny, though, and a little watery, and when he shivered and wrapped himself tighter in his bathrobe although the air was dry and warm, Steve needed no other confirmation.
“Tony?”
Steve turned in outrage as loosely packed snow exploded against the back of his neck, but he just shook his head and his face melted into laughter. Tony grinned at him. “Told you you should wear a balaclava.”
When they finally get there, it's past midnight, and, impossibly, the woman behind the reception desk is the
If he had to guess what happened, Tony would surmise someone had calculated an overly long jump, in a hurry, without the proper equipment. The remains of their flotilla had jumped using their faster-than-light drives. It turned out not all the ships had come out on the other side, and even fewer came out whole and usable. Gunstar
Tony: I mostly sit here surrounded by some assholes, wishing I could see you right now. Just for a moment.
"Hey Tony?"
– and he craved more of Steve’s body, and clothing was in the way, and... and he must have been muttering some of it into the kisses, because he heard Steve say: “Okay... all right...” (It sounded very near and very, very far away at the same time).
Tony: Don't fuck with me, Rogers.
, he thinks. It's better not to risk it. On the plus side, Steve evidently likes this order even better.
"I'm sorry," he managed, lamely, wandering how to go on, how to make an apology that would
He schooled his face as he shook Sam's hand and exchanged a few pleasantries – Sam was okay in his book, Sam was really all right, Tony liked him. He could imagine how easy a friendship with him would be. And then there was Clint, and holy hell, Tony would have sworn his hair had gone thinner, and there were some grays there, and he'd put on some weight. Clint seemed somewhat ill at ease, and before he knew what he was doing, Tony poked the man's waistline none too gently and said something on the line of
Was it really possible that, after working with them for two months, he still didn't know their names? Steve was mildly appalled. Stark's mocking
talking at the exact same time. The din helped drown the buzz in your head. Tony suspected this was why everyone came here to unwind. The buzz in your head could get rather loud if you allowed yourself to think about the immensity of space, about the flimsy engines and the thin walls that kept the outside at bay; to think about how you had no idea where you were and how you probably won't see the real civilization ever again. Alcohol helped burn the deathly fear out of your stomach too.
"So," Peter said shrewdly, "how come you are on the balcony, then, talking to me half the evening?"
Steve briefed him.
"I probably should," Steve agreed, after too long a pause, his voice still impassive.
"Yeah, I hear you, believe me" Tony mutters.
there any things between them left to be ruined, or was it just Tony, clinging to the past? Because, if  it had all gone to hell anyway, maybe he could have this at least– a wild, crazy one time thing. Steve surely didn't want anything more. That had become clear over the past months, culminating with the events earlier that evening. The cold irritation in Steve's eyes and voice when he'd said
“I can sit here until dark,” Steve stated then.
Despite Tony's attempts to distance himself, his insides are a dark sea, and he feels lost there, clinging to a piece of driftwood, and he can't even find himself, he's so small; if Steve doesn't look at him at least one more time, Tony will surely disappear.
"I hope so, Steve. I hope so," he said quietly. He did hope that. Out there, in the infinity of worlds, anything was possible, right?
Tony: Not at home. Geez. There's a government hearing in progress. And I'm taking five. And later today I have the press conference.
"Darryl's briefing the people about the damage," he managed in between labored breaths. "They are going to collect the relevant parts and send someone to help you."
"Tony? Coordinates!" Happy wasn't giving up. "Who is it there with you, did you actually pick up a hitchhiker? Please take care that..."
Tony: Also, thanks for asking, and you are probably right, and I'm going to go to sleep now, catch a few hours if I can.
Or perhaps he should just let everyone be right; he could be an asshole and be out of here in a minute. Out of
"You've no reason to be."
And Tony could get away with it now, he knows, he could get away with saying nothing right this instant, and maybe they could learn to understand each other without too many words and maybe, at some point... maybe they would be so completely attuned to each other they could function real well like that.
Steve was standing there, not quite knowing what to do with his hands.
how careful Tony is with him, how gentle - mindful not to go too far - and it makes Steve's heart flutter warmly. But at the same time, he lets himself indulge in fantasies about how Tony is denying him pleasure on purpose, just because he can, just because he wants to, and
I knew exactly what he was talking about. Tony had told me – my Tony, I mean, the one from my own timeline.
"And besides, " Tony went on, because he was obviously doing something right. "I meant what I said about your eyes. Don't kill me now, I have to say this. We'll fix them; it
But then Tony covers Steve's hand with his own and squeezes. He turns his head then, eyebrows raised, and shakes it at Steve, as if to say
Tony: ...
Tony: I'm going to end it on a high note and go for a tentative, unwilling good night right now.
That one he voiced.
voice in
Tony had turned and walked away, but, to be completely honest, so did Steve. It took Steve a fraction of a second to turn his head and look back. Nothing. Then, a heartbeat later, he looked again. Still nothing. He stayed locked in that silly position for a little while, and
don't get attached."
“Hey, Cap,” he said as if absolutely nothing was out if the ordinary, because all the other options were beyond imaginable; he could feel Steve’s warmth against his cheek.
Which was
Tony: He says maybe he would consider coming back, as an instructor, if it came to that. Provided that I can guarantee he wouldn't be made to go fight under any circumstances, ever again. Like, if he were provided with a full, legal guarantee.
Tony: Both Rosses are in communication over this, as far as I've been able to discern from what I got. And a number of their satellites, minions, cronies and the like. Do you want names? I can give you names.
"We're both so screwed up," Tony said.
The thought that it wouldn’t be so bad scared him half to death.
Tony: He heavily disapproves oft he info leak, because revealing state secrets is apparently frowned upon in some circles. And there is some military stuff that shouldn't' be available to the public, obviously, who would've known. And he's horrified by all this, just like everyone else, but he says it should have been dealt with internally, there are proper channels, you can't just spill it all out, and cause panic and distrust and destabilize the country. But he was kind of with me on the media blockade matter, obviously, because how could he not be. And he did see the urgency, and the 'proper channels' take time, and can be stoppered, and it's difficult. And this info DID need to be made public, it couldn't have gone on like this.
"Oh," Steve said. And: "Yes. I understand," because he really did. And in that moment, as he watched Tony agonize over the ephemera of brand design, hair falling into his eyes – it suddenly dawned on Steve that yes, he could do this all day, all year if that was what it took; he'd come to a hundred cottages, on a hundred different mountains, even if nothing ever came of it, and no, he could not step back and let this go, let
That's not a way to respond to 'I love you', whatever you might feel yourself. That's just not any way to treat friends.
I've tried  living my life quietly, here. I've tried to fade into the background and stay there. The problem with that is that it's
"But otherwise you do?" In the darkness, he could see Tony was smiling.
Tony gave me a triumphant look. "See, even you aren't immune to assumptions. No, actually, she invited him on a date. Or, to be precise, she told him a time and place and to be there. When I teased her later, she said that was what you did with friends. One date, precisely. A fair chance."
First, Tony raises hell about the boarding passes and the fact that he and Steve are not seated together, due to some late rearrangement.
, not so much. I provoked. He stood there, taking it."
them all in his own weird way; he worried for them fiercely. And with his passion and excitement, he made them believe anything at all was possible, they could accomplish anything they set their minds to. Unite the British kingdoms again, like in the days of yore? Sure, why the hell not. Attempt to reinstate King Arthur's Peace? Yeah, duh. Crown Steve as the high king? Try and stop us.
"We're the most logical choice," Steve interjects. "Now, I know you said you don't know any real facts, but whatever you can remember would be helpful..."
I shook my head mutely and felt a smile tugging at my lips. My first, incoherent thought had been that I'd been sent here just for a minute, just to see him. But, coming to think on it, that made no sense. Why would the Ancient One do that? No. I was now coming to believe I was here for good. I did say I wanted a life. And she said she could help me with that. It made sense.
"Close your mouth, stupid." Buck nudged him with his elbow.
Steve – wisely – decided to ignore this. "Do you really have to go?"
"I can do that," Steve said noncommittally. "But I don't see how being a den mother compares."
expecting another show, this time re. the beds.
"How did you guess?" I enquired.
After Steve assured him he'd be okay to stay on his own for a few minutes, Tony stepped out of the bathrobe, activated the armor and got out. He was back in no time, with the big shivery animal in his arms.
"Fair point," Tony says. He extends his hand to me. "Truce?"
"Steve, it's exactly like commanding a unit," Natasha said. "A blend of intimidation and inspiration. We all know you can do that."
something, dammit, Cap?” It sounded more like a whine than anything else.
Tony: In this shitty, fucked up excuse for a world, you are one of the few people that I actually really love
Tony's presence made Steve tremble with excitement. Usually, when the man was drunk, he would get floppy and clingy; he would happily fall asleep on Steve (not that Steve minded at all). But  now his body was taut, charged under Steve's hands, he could almost feel it vibrate.
"Yes," Tony whispered in answer to his own thoughts, "I would." The abrupt realization almost made him stumble.
are you?"
Tony: No, you come on.
"Star scholars of old tell us there are many worlds besides the one we live in, and there is a myriad of ways to be transported there," Bruce said as he came to sit beside them. "Of course", he added mildly, "that might be a pile of complete horseshit and we wouldn't know. But." He inclined his head.
"Okay, let's formulate a plan," Steve was saying, and Tony almost said
The silence wasn't uncomfortable, this time. Rather, it seemed like a necessary pause for both of them to catch their breath.
He didn't even know how it all happened exactly. One moment they were kissing, bodies pressed together, hands under T-shirts. Practically the next moment Steve was holding both their cocks in his hand, and rubbing, stroking. It was hot and rushed, and it was way too dry. Thoughts, fleeting: Shit, why did I leave the lube in the bedroom? How naive of me.
, he could hear Tony's response in his head, but that was just his own guilt speaking up. The truth was, when the weather conditions got worse and Tony stopped responding, he'd got worried, perhaps irrationally so. Steve sent a text and tried calling a couple of times, but the lines were dead, and he knew Tony was alone, all the way out here. Something in Steve didn't like that. At all. So much so that hiking over in the snow seemed like a good idea. It wasn't far from the Compound, really, even though the weather did make the walk longer.
"I just... I don't want you to end up hurt. I don't want you to be the rebound."
"Right."
I kissed her on the cheek before I left. Both from me and from my Tony, to his friend and the mother of his kid. "Thanks," I said gently, "Pep."
It was almost surreal.
, he thought fervently as he stared into the reproachful eyes of Captain Rogers.
Tony's feet are boots made of lead. These last few steps take eons. He leans against the railing behind Steve and a bit to the left. For a minute, he watches him get rained upon. Then he moves his umbrella so that it shelters Steve as well.
(Steve walked to the mantelpiece, inspected the mess, wiped the dust lightly away with his sleeve.)
Tony: Are you kidding? Shitless.
of love with them completely the first time around?
"You can ask Fury tomorrow for the details, but yes, I believe so."
Tony: Yep. All cleaned and ironed and set out to air out. Smells faintly of mothballs, though.
And how else do you say:
"Why?" Steve's question rang loud and unexpected in the silence.
"I've given like a million popular lectures on the stuff, 'course I know how to dumb it down," Stark said flippantly and immediately spoiled the good impression that was beginning to elbow its way into Steve's mind.
"The animal will freeze to death. It had been in the water for some time. It was soaked through." Underneath the laconism, Tony recognized an echo of terror in Steve's voice, a hint of frantic look in his eyes. Suddenly he understood Steve's horror at the prospect of another living creature freezing to death like he almost did, understood what had probably propelled Steve to jump into the water to try and save the animal.
time he knew there was nothing to it, he was just being a crazy ass; Bucky had read him right, as always.
He can't.
touched him, when he leaned down like Tony wouldn’t have dared and put his lips to Tony’s, and sealed Tony’s world to himself... All of it had left Tony on the verge of tears; it was too much, it was all too much.
"You're so
"But I want the
A million thoughts flashed through my  head simultaneously. I knew nothing of that timeline. When was this? Tony looked about the same age as in my present, back while he still was alive. What was this timeline like? Did he not know me at all? That was... devastating. The little history we managed to have in between our misunderstandings and fights – and in this timeline, none of it happened? Some of the defining moments of my life, erased. Maybe here I never got defrosted, maybe... Infinite possibilities bloomed before me, and there, intertwined with the sinking feeling, I suddenly felt a glimmer of hope. It was sharp-edged and jagged, and hell, it hurt. New chances and new beginnings always do. At least I could
"No," Natasha said, amused. "This one's between the two of you. I thought you might be unaware of it."
Despite its picturesque qualities, though, the snow – falling ever stronger – would make the trip into sightseeing in Arctic hell. Tony could feel the lack of sleep, grainy and gritty in his eyes.
The ache felt good, though, very good, and that was what scared him.
Steve thinks, but something red is flying towards him from the other side of the field, and to hell with everything; he has no regrets.
"You asleep?"
, Carol, as I was saying –
Tony: It's an option.
The more uncomfortable Steve gets, the more Tony enjoys goading him.
Orange meant extremely difficult, he explained. Around here it also meant a completely ungroomed area with no ski patrols. Tony liked backcountry skiing better than sharing a piste with other people, at least when he was in a certain kind of mood. But to go backcountry on a slope of this degree? After you hadn’t skied in years? You’d have to be crazy.
Everything was becoming clear as day.
," he keeps whispering, wanting, needing to feel the whisk and sting of the tails against his sensitive flash, right there.
The landing bay wasn't small, and Tony wasn't in an overly great form any more, honestly. Well. Ten rounds every day should certainly help with that if he didn't collapse first. But he suspected that wasn't the point; he suspected the point was the tiny humiliation – being seen running around, by the techs in front of whom he'd been insolent to Rogers. Well, he probably deserved it, and what's more, he could rock it like he rocked everything else. He never really minded exercise either.
Steve was stumped for words. He didn't know how else to tell Tony the simple truth, so in the end he opted for honesty. "I couldn't get through to you. I got worried."
Reed called it a multiversal gate; Tony considered the name strangely prosaic. It was a quantum miracle, a kaleidoscope of worlds, a... a...
, or something in that vein, thankfully. Still, even what he
Tony: Wait what?
Tony: You didn't tell him we were talking?
Tony: And how exactly do you mean?
Tony: are you using emoji now?
Tony: Tomorrow. Please.
Tony: Yeah.
Steve just shrugged.
" Kamala squealed and clapped her hands. It was sometimes difficult to remember she was 19 already. Still, good to see her back to her old, chirpy self after all she'd seen, really.
, his gut suggested mercilessly.) And if it was aimed at him, than it would have to be some kind of flirting. After the last rejection and the subsequent coldness, that would be weird. As if they were back at the game. Only, this time Tony somehow felt like a mark.
I nodded.
Tony: I miss Clint and Natasha, Steve, don't think I don't.
Through all this, Tony kept these interactions at the sensory threshold. It was crucial to maintain a high level of deniability. And it was
If only the hurt didn't burn so brightly in his chest, if only it wasn't so searing hot. Groundless, he tried telling himself, because nothing had really happened with Tony, nothing had been said, nothing promised... But his own voice sounded feeble in his head. Quieter and quieter, in fact, as he felt something like a tide of resentment wash over him, filling him head to toe,
Then, a soft, questioning touch, a knuckle against Tony's cheek, light as a feather.
The soft, suddenly gentle question was too much for Tony to bear. He'd finished applying the gel; he was now just holding Steve's wrist on his lap. He didn't know how to let it go without making it clear how self-conscious he was about the whole business. It was getting weird very rapidly. And Steve's question? The painkillers speaking. It had to be. Steve would never say something like that to Tony otherwise. He let go of Steve's wrist and returned the arm onto the guy's lap. It was painfully awkward, all of it.
you saying?"
"Yeah," she sighs. "It's Tony."
"So, what
... Are you all
"Thor!" Tony echoed, with, as he thought, somewhat more poise than the tiny Khan had, but it came out pretty strangled as the big guy literally folded him into a hug. (This was one of the times Tony really missed his suit – the one of the non-cloth, non-Armani variant.)
Tony bit the inside of his cheek. He turned to wait for him, because it would probably be rude not to and because he very much wanted to. More than was good for him, in all probability.
But, before Tony could say anything else, he felt Steve's hands move. Down Tony’s arms, in a quick, no-nonsense manner, then up. Then his palms were against Tony's chest, his stomach, his sides, and Tony was acutely aware how
"What?"
Tony didn’t know what he wanted exactly, but he
"In any case." Tony poured himself another drink. "Can't say I'm sorry to hear it's over. Shitty things, wars, in general."
"I'm sure you were," Cap snorted. Tony knew – he
And Tony felt so disgusted with himself that he thought he would throw up.
Tony: You know what a kid once told me?
AUDIENCE: [laughter]
Tony: I really don't want to fight either.
"Organizing the drawers," he replied in an isn't-it-obvious sort of voice.
With his free hand Tony reached down. He ran his fingertips over the back of Steve's hand, then up, raising his own T-shirt even higher. "Not really a problem, I don't think," he managed as Steve slipped his whole palm under, ran it up Tony's ribcage.
, your idea of big and small would be affected by that, surely. And this Fury was Tony's – boss? Commanding officer? Steve couldn't be sure; a good part of that story had been muttered and muffled and only semi-comprehensible.
“What?” Tony said over a mouthful.
to talk to Tony all night.
Belligerent and dismissive. Not the best tone to take with your superior, he thought belatedly, but he was in a hurry. Tony had been at the head of his own big company for too long. If something needed doing urgently, he either delegated or went and did it. His crisis mode wasn't overly pleasant, true, but he wasn't used to being relegated to a courier boy when he could actually be of use. He closed his eyes for a moment, made an abortive pacifying gesture and prepared to try to reason with Cap. Because he
“I didn’t
, in turn. As if it was nothing. As if there was nothing going on. But after he passed over him with his eyes – Rogers had a small, polite smile frozen on his lips – Tony let his gaze flare back to him.
Tony peered into his face in the semidarkness of the club. "Well, were you? Adopted?", he asked. "Wait, I feel that's an inappropriate question. Huh. Anyway, were you?"
Tony: I heard you the first time.
." It would be all kinds of
Tony: Is that what you wanted to talk to me about yesterday? A weird text-based intervention? From you? Really?
"You think he's
He didn't just want to have sex with Tony, but, he suspected, that was all he could get; and that was...
Tony: in the interest of full fucking disclosure, Rogers.
Natasha let her eyebrows climb slowly. It seemed they'd never stop. "
Tony: no
Steve let his hand fall.
Fury rolled his eyes but waved okay to his team, who rounded up the prisoners into a nearby building.
Tony just nodded.
"Steve... How come you're here?" he asked me then, and while it didn't sound like a reproach, I heard an echo of it in my own conscience. I understood what he meant.
Tony: See, this is me trying my hand at being supportive. Please don't reply. I feel stupid as it is.
'Till our eyes meet
No one there. There was no one there, but when he looked back, Steve's grin was melting away already, turning into an uncomfortable, controlled expression.
"Don't try to stand up. It's going to be all right. We're taking care of it."
I nodded. "I mean, I'm not the Steve you knew, exactly, but..."
Which... was tempting, actually. Walking in with Thor, in Norway, in the royal castle, at the gala event in honor of the victory over Thanos – that was a once-in-a-lifetime chance. But...
, he thought, trying to explain this to himself.
Steve grunted a negative. No, he wasn't asleep. Of course he wasn't goddamn asleep.
And, distantly, Tony knew he was supposed to question this, be rational, try not to ruin things with Steve. Still,
Steve shrugged, arched a mocking eyebrow. "Field hospital?"
The heaviness of it in his stomach was almost impossible to bear.
Tony: It's fine.
"Dog," supplanted Tony, deactivating the armor and reaching for the pile of his clothes on the floor. He wasn't going to be self conscious about semi-nakedness when they'd seen each other like that plenty of times, in locker rooms. He wasn't.
said thank fuck. Thor showed at my door up yesterday and wouldn't shut up about something called Kyrumption. Apparently that's..."
got booked for tonight. It's really never this busy around here," she adds. "We're fully booked for the weekend, but... if something appropriate clears up, you'll be the
Steve got to his feet and in two strides he was at Tony's side, by the mantelpiece. "It's not," he confirmed. Now it was Tony's turn to start to speak and be cut off. "Want to hear something strange, though?" Steve went on. "I have
He'd known that from the moment he'd stepped in. The new, small, shabby image of the place was battling for dominance with the way he remembered it, and he still wasn't sure which prospect would end up on top.
"Stark, Lang," he said curtly. "Briefing room, ten minutes."
other ways, evidently so, and," he waved his hand in my direction, "they didn't involve
Steve gave him a steady look that, absurdly, reassured Tony somewhat. "Then we sell our lives dearly," he said. And everything considered, the quaint melodramatic ring to the words seemed rather fitting.
"Tony?"
It seemed like there was much more to the story, and Tony seemed... ready to be convinced to talk.
Blinking away the stinging in his eyes, Tony opted for nodding his head. Technically, it was true, after all. He didn't want to confuse Steve further. With extreme gentleness, he started removing Steve's shoes and pants. Many years back, the whole team had taken a course on treating a cold shock victim (among other things). He knew what to do. It was just that his throat was tight ad his own hands were starting to shake, and he was scared the way he had rarely been scared in his life. Normally,  in a situation like this, he'd be taking Steve to a hospital, and then he'd hover obsessively until the doctors threw him out. Still, while he could fly him there even in this kind of weather, it wouldn't be so smart to get Steve back out into the cold in this condition.
Natasha leaned against the wall and studied him for a moment. "You're really worried," she said in mild wonder. "Steve, do you think it matters, really? Everyone's living on borrowed time here. Who here is going to survive this? Why are you making me say the things you already know?" Suddenly she sounded exasperated. Her words finally rang true, and Steve realized all her other remarks had seemed somehow hollow. Maybe it was because he actually knew her too well. Either that or because he was attributing his own thoughts and feelings to her. Or was she just voicing the general undercurrent of quiet despair and apathy, running rampant among the crew, which was one of the reasons everyone was so fucking cheerful when they weren't having secret nervous breakdowns or getting drunk?
Iron man, quickly taking shape on the page, right there on the panel one. And right there, next to him, Captain America, his hand around Tony's metal shoulders.
Less reluctantly, Banner moved away to make some space for Tony, then turned his book around, showing him the title. "It's just a medical journal."
Tony: Thanks for letting me know.
. And: "Tony, please..." Imploring through clenched teeth, glaring into Tony's eyes.
Tony could still just shake off this feeling, this warm glow in his  gut, or he thought he could, but he didn't
"Of course," Steve agreed.
The device was too big to carry around. Hope hurting in his chest, Tony pressed the series of buttons. The buzz of connection rumbled in his bones as he repeated the coordinates over and over again. For the first time in years, though, there was a chance that the signal might reach far enough.
Tony registered the impatience on Rhodey's face as he waited for the U. S. secretary of education (what was she doing here?) to stop talking Carol's ear off. Rhodey was palpably, uncharacteristically restless, to the point that he was tapping his foot (to the point that he didn't notice Tony at once, Tony thought).
This was when Scott Lang walked in. He looked around quickly and tossed his backpack onto another apparently vacant bunk.
Tony seemed tired already, though, and Steve wasn't sure it was such a great idea for him to drive. Not in the dark and the cold, at this time of night.
was the problem. And I don't mean physically, obviously."
skiing,” Steve insisted. “And I had a great time today.”
"Uh-huh," she said. "Although I could probably talk to you about both Jessicas or Daisy or Cage if you wanted."
already, even though you knew you wouldn't listen.
He was sure Steve was going to protest, say something reproachful, but the man just laughed incredulously, breathily. "How are you so...?" he began, sounding almost giggly, and didn't finish; instead, he started searching the coat pockets from the opposite end.
awkward and uneasy way of having unwanted attentions peppered upon him and not knowing how to deal with them gracefully? The other things, the way the time in the simulator felt almost intimate – it could all be in Tony's head.
I shook my head. No, I hadn't been tempted. Not because I'm a paragon of virtue or anything, but because...
"Thank you," Steve said, totally inconsequentially, because all Tony did was state some facts.
He stood like that for a time. There were some people addressing him, but he responded automatically. In all probability everyone could see he wasn't exactly there, but he didn't care about
Tony: well bummer
As the gauntlet slides from his unfeeling hand, Steve is semi-aware of the incredulous stares of his comrades. "What the hell, man?" Star Lord is yelling (as if he wouldn't have done exactly the same, for his girl). Even Thanos is gaping at him, from where he is being held on the ground, where little Peter and Thor managed to overpower him for a second.
We never really figured out
From the depths of his mind, a correct reply surfaced. "Yes, sir."
"Okay!" Peter squeaked. He stuffed a piece of omelet in his mouth as if to dam an outburst of words. Steve went back to his food that he seemed to be enjoying very much. Tony served them extra ham slices on the side, and extra-sweet, extra-disgusting coffee for Steve.
In any case, that is the beginning of the story.
Tony knew instantly what he was talking about. "I wasn't going to throw your art away, was I?" he said, trying for dryness and failing spectacularly. Yep. There was the high-pitch. The high-pitch seemed inevitable. The sooner he got it out of the way, the better.
We hang out, Tony and I, and it's nothing like that period when I arrived in my Tony's timeline and we became inseparable. This time around there is less ice-cream and cuddling and quiet talks long into the night. Well. There is basically none of that. Instead, there is bickering and challenging each other and pointed questions and discussion. But, oh my god, we talk, and it's Tony, and I feel strange excitement surge up in me whenever he says: "Nonono, Big, wait a
Tony: Yes, yes I did.
Rhodey gave him a long look. Then he sighed. "How did you do it?"
"Cap, I..." He swallowed. "Thanks." For a moment there was something so vulnerable in his eyes that Steve badly wanted to do something stupid. Instead he managed to shrug noncommittally, fumbling for the doorknob behind his back as if it were a life belt. He just wanted to get out and
'Well, I went back on my word, obviously," Tony said defiantly.
Tony: Head's all there. I know because migraines.
"That's," Tony said, "a question that's been plaguing most of us here, actually."
Steve brightens. Tony never imagined it would go quite
Tony: I suck at pop psychology.
"It's some kind of a cooling gel," Steve said. "Feels good."
Tony: deappropriation, futility and absurdism
Tony: I don't care. I couldn't stand it, if I did.
fine. Which is exactly what worries me."
Tony: You wouldn't believe the volume of the attack on Everett's servers right now.
Thor grinned and said something about drinking himself to courage, and
And then Steve arrived, and Tony didn't watch him on the security cams, honest word, maybe just a glance or two. He was standing at the door to Tony's office now; Tony was feigning like he was putting aside some documents he'd been pretend-working on. He didn't exactly trust himself to speak. He thought, however, he could probably handle getting up and going to meet Steve halfway, which, nope, also wasn't such a good idea, considering how shaky his legs were.
"You couldn't
"Just checking the signal."
First he laughed out. It was a bit too explosive, and sounded almost painful. "Me? Nah."  I felt bad for being happy to hear that. What kind of person was I?
Tony: So, I think I probably said that in order to hurt myself rather than you. Just, the most hurtful scenario my stupid brain could come up with. And then I had to send it to you. With the result of... well, you're familiar with the result. I wanted to kick Barnes' head in, and you were the collateral. I wanted to hurt myself the worst I could, to twist the knife, saying what I said. And you again, as the collateral.
Tony expects him to say
he corrected himself. He also hadn't wanted to look for Steve because he hadn't wanted anything to do with him. Remembering the past was okay, he'd told himself. Both the good and the bad. You couldn't unhappen it. And Tony had evidently cared, more so than he'd liked to admit back then, or otherwise he wouldn't still feel so raw at every thought, every memory (he wouldn't be having these swarming feelings now, either). But actively looking for the man, checking up on him –that would have been too much. He'd had to draw a line somewhere because otherwise he'd have gone crazy.
Steve wasn’t exactly changed, but there was a certain weariness visible around his eyes. A new softness too, Tony could have sworn, although it wasn’t so apparent at the first glance.
Then neither said anything for a time, and seconds dragged.
Tony: Thanks for the free lesson. And yes. And because we need to go to the root of the problem. The press is not the root, the press is just the leaves.
They got bored in the dorm eventually, so in the end Tony dragged the doc over to the tech bar. Banner didn't seem overly enthusiastic, but he shrugged and agreed to come. Maybe because, by the unwritten rules, they weren't supposed to go. There
Tony: Prolly not the time, no.
The silence turned companionable as they walked hand in hand, down the familiar corridors.
"Are you boys actually bickering already?" Natasha drawls. "Are the two of you for real?"
Tony: how refreshing
Tony had gone to bed, and just left him here; to Steve it had looked more like an escape than anything else. Closing your postern gate and retreating into the citadel.
"No, no. That's important. No other slots?"
"Oh, I should have known. You're so desperate for it," he teases.
but it was too late and his consciousness somehow melded back into Steve's); and Bucky said something about liking, and Steve said: "I do like him, he's just so, so Tony sometimes. He's loud and reckless, he burns bright and fast, like a falling star..."
Tony turned to him, then – pleasant, always pleasant, pointedly including Sharon in the conversation – one hand on Sharon's shoulder, one on Steve's...
"In that case," Tony said, his voice catching, "you can kiss me now."
Her hand is ruined, just like Bruce's, but Steve has a feeling that, with time, they will both heal, and the same goes for the rest of the world.
him, to touch him and claim him and make him
what we do, it matters
"So, I probably
Clint slipped onto the blanked beside her and sighed. "Damp night," he said. "I hate the fucking fog."
Tony: That's probably the best I'm going to get, isn't it?
Way to bungle this, Rogers. "It's not like that at all," I said quickly. "I do want to get to know you better. That's the... That's the whole point." Of me being here, I wanted to say, where I have no idea what I'm doing. He wasn't the Tony I knew, but he
. Yay!
The pressure lifting off his stomach is both a relief and a disappointment, but then Steve loses track of everything else, because his forgotten cock is suddenly held firmly in a gauntlet, palmed and squeezed; it's now too sensitive from neglect, it throbs and it hurts some at the touch. And then Tony is pulling at it, sliding his palm up it, then down, firmly. His hand is dry, but the metal is slick, and the pressure is maybe a bit too much, but Steve
Tony cast a look at Steve's face from a corner of his eye; looked away, quickly. He was pretty sure Steve was sneaking glances right back. And it was ridiculous, but it made Tony want to smile so hard he had to fight the urge with all he had. His knees were watery, but that must have been exhaustion. He sneaked another look. For a nanosecond, their gazes met, then they both looked down.
Having apparently assured himself that Tony wasn't broken, he turned away abruptly. "We should hurry. I'm going to try to kick the door down."
Steve couldn't see Tony anywhere, but he
He found the drawing room Rhodey had pointed out to him, but it was empty and, although it wasn't off limits for the guests, it wasn't exactly lit yet. Steve expected it would be made more welcoming later in the evening, when the dancers took over the ballroom floor and the others wanted to sit somewhere quieter.
It was Tony's turn to lean over and pull Steve into a slow kiss. "Yeah," he admitted. "It did feel like longer, didn't it?"
; a longing to be pinned down and thoroughly fucked mixed with a softer, darker yearning to be kept right there, on the verge, and teased to the edge of his life until he started whimpering. Steve caught his eye, then lowered his head and napped at the soft spot on the inner side of Tony’s knee, at the same time rotating the finger inside. On second thought, the whimpering phase wasn’t so far at all.
Tony: In all fairness, we were also being manipulated.
"Go easy," Steve said quietly. He must be aware Tony was panicking; Tony bristled, but fought to keep it under control. Inside him, opposing impulses urged him to drag Louis to the infirmary on one side, and to turn him upside-down and shake the info out of him, on the other. Impatience and the urge to act were mixed with biting worry, creating curious, anxiety-ridden results.
Tomorrow, the tiny war was on. It was all still very tame, really. Just the techs – at least two shifts' worth of them – who'd suddenly crowded the edges of the landing bay, functionally blocking Bruce and Tony's path, making them go around them every two or three yards. The guys always apologized politely, but those smirks were infuriating. The running wasn't exactly effective, that day.
"So I'll stay."
?" she asks.
Tony: She heard about Madripoor on TV, figured I'd be a wreck over it, called to ask me if I was okay.
Her eyes look haunted, which I notice only because she allows me to. Of course, if Natasha is alive here, it must mean Clint is dead. She must have figured out from my reaction it was the other way around where I'm coming from.
Tony inclined his head. “Considerably less romantic,” he commented.
"You should drink it while it's warm."
"Shut up, you're making Steve uncomfortable, over down the hall." That was Clint's contribution.
I kiss him, and this time he lets me.
“Fancy some hot chocolate after this?” Okay, so maybe a little in advance was okay.
"Tony, I can function. It's not important."
Still, what drew Steve most, perhaps, was a third Tony – the laughing, whooping one that emerged when Tony strapped himself into the simulator, and the lights went off, and the guarded expression fell away from his face within seconds, and genuine, contagious excitement took over. He was truly talented, and a little crazy, and bold as brass. If he acted like that out there in the Black, he'd either get killed off first thing (another idea that absolutely didn't bear thinking about) or grow to be a real pilot pretty quickly.
Steve thought,
Tony arched an amused eyebrow. “Are you afraid that they will show up or that they won’t?”
?" He tried to catch a breath. "We should have an early Christmas in here. Decorate the flush tank, make a blanket fortress, spend a cozy night staring at the wall." Another fit of giggles overcame him.
Tony: Okay, don't get your panties in a twist, Jesus fuck.
And then a more melancholy, more honest thought fought for elbow room in his mind: They could do it now, and then he'd have had
The comms in the suits were of low quality. The thick, metal bulkheads interfered with the signal. Everything on
I shrugged. I knew it was another of our wish-you'd-told-me situations. "Feels like forever," I shot back in the same tone or voice, or tried.
Tony let his mouth run unchecked while he tried to calm down and regain his footing before he blurted:
"Why didn't you tell me?" Tony's voice was quiet, but urgent. Why did getting this particular answer seem so pressing? "Why didn't you tell me you'd come to rescue me?"
Tony: The only advice I can give you right now is what Pepper told me this morning. Because we actually talked, which is good news.
? I should have known. I mean, I should have known he wouldn't be able to just get over his Steve and move on. He needed this, I supposed. He was understandably nervous, but he obviously needed me, needed touch, comfort; I should be there for him. But, oh god, I couldn't do that. I thought I was doing a good job of hiding my emotions, but he was peering into my face, frowning. I was on my feet, then, before I realized what I was doing. I needed air. I needed to be out of there. I'd come back later, I'd apologize, I'd explain. But right now I needed to be away from Tony, to sort through my emotions and find some acceptable ones to slap on the surface of this mess that was, nominally, me.
"Give me a sec, it's getting a bit better," he said, gritting his teeth. The pain
"I'll just go, then, shall I," Steve said, but it wasn't a question at all.
"Morgan is," Tony clarified, running gentle fingers down the animal's spine. First the dog would have to go through training and whatnot, Tony assumed, to make sure he was safe for Morgan. But with the way the animal wouldn't run away and leave Steve in the ice, and with the trust it showed now, letting them handle it as they wished, it probably wasn't going to be a huge problem. Tony was going to check if the dog was freshly lost , but there were many pets that were left ownerless and alone in the Snap, and everything suggested the dog would turn out to be one of those. "Animals in the house are not my idea of a good time, trust me, but Morgan is going to be charmed."
Tony: Okay?
bedroom, so both rooms are going to be warm enough. You can sleep there. If you have to go to the bathroom, better take a jacket or piss in the pot, I don't care. I don't recommend showering, and besides, the pipes might be frozen anyway. If you need water, melt some snow. I have people that take care of this place, on and off; I honestly don't know what they were thinking."
Steve hesitated for a moment. Tony could have sworn the man was staring intently at his lips. But Steve tore his gaze away, shook it off, whatever it was, and pointed to his left. “There.”
"So what did you tell the press that day?"
Combined with his semi-cheerful voice, this somehow made the guy feel real and a little vulnerable. Maybe he was very young? He sounded young. Damn Tony's protective impulses. He did have a soft spot for idiots with no instincts for self-preservation.
Tony: I'm not going to try and arrest him or anything.
"We don't know if the life support systems are functional or not, Thor" Steve was saying. The elevator door was open now. "Everyone ready? Okay, go."
Hope's arrival and the channel dying took place roughly at the same time. Tony suppressed the tentacles of panic reaching up from his stomach. The last words he heard from Steve were
"Well." Tony shrugged his armored shoulders, nodded towards Steve's army. "The cause is undeniably good. Noble. Although I hear the leadership is crap."
Maybe the tone was exactly what prompted Tony to actually pause. Steve couldn't know. He'd expected him to laugh it off and that would have been that. But Tony arched an eyebrow thoughtfully and nodded to himself.
Look, I'm aware I keep adding to the planned number of chapters, but the fic's getting longer than I thought. It's near the end, though, I promise.
And then, frantically, Tony was untucking Steve's shirt from his pants, burning, dying to feel skin under his fingers, to dig them into Steve's ribs, to drive his nails into Steve's back and leave marks. He couldn't stop his hands from moving, touching everywhere, the shoulder blades, then down, down, along the ribs and up again, pulling at Steve, pressing himself against him even though there was nowhere left to press. And Steve's skin was smooth and searing hot, and it was everything Tony had ever dreamed of.
It was worth it, if only to finally see Natasha speechless for once. "Uh," she said, "So I can stop trying to set you up with cute marines, then. I'm not sure what I'm supposed to say now. Did you like it? Is that what I should ask?"
"It's weird," he said, seemingly inconsequentially. "Everything's happening at the same time; yesterday was crazy. You sure can appreciate that, right?"
But...
to believe him, it seemed too fanciful: that story, how his ship was attacked, and how Tony propelled himself in a shuttle and crashed on this... little moon, as Fury called it, even though it didn't seem quite so little to Steve. It
Tony: Oh, boy. God, Steve. Yes, I'm being jealous. I'm a jealous person. I'm just like that. Sorry. I'll shut up now.
Steve furrowed his brow. "I imagined you'd either figure it out for yourself or... or you wouldn't believe me. The way things are now."
Tony: Like, the 69 years old lady Acton just asked me out.
he thought at Tony, because if Tony did, if their gazes locked through the throng of people, if they exchanged smiles, perhaps – it seemed to Steve it would all be all right, somehow, it would all make sense. It would have been enough.
"This," he says levelly, "is metallic and thick and uncomfortable. I'm going to put it up your ass. And I'm not going to be gentle. It's probably not going to feel nice.
His blond eyelashes lowered over his eyes, his eyebrows dancing for a moment, Steve shoots him a covert amused look. That's just too much.
Tony realized he was still holding his bag in his hand. Oh, for fuck's sake. He looked around. "So, I just pick one? Which one is Cap's?" he asked. "I sure don't want to usurp that one."
Steve freezes mid-motion. Then he remembers. "Oh."
What can I say about our marriage? It was my life, and how can you look back on your life and be objective in any way? I was 38 when I came to be with Tony. Our marriage lasted longer than all the rest of my life put together.
"Why, of course, Cap" Tony says, and Steve imagines he can hear a slick grin through the filters. "No problem at all."
. And personally, I firmly believe in democracy, and in sovereignty, and in the freedom of choice. This is not to say the others do not. They... I cannot speak for them, really. But what I can
He kept thinking of all the faces he'd spent a month with, day and night, while he was still in tech (it seemed like yet
"I'll most certainly try to reverse engineer it, whatever it is, and you know it."
“Yeah,” replied Tony.  “But it’s just one day.” And that was the simple truth.
. Everything around him always fluctuated. He needed his constants. The star-spangled jackass always being cleanly shaven was one of them.
I nodded. Then, in the interest of honesty, I shrugged.
Natasha arched an eyebrow. "Steve, whatever he's like, he's a fellow pilot, or near enough. I'm not your spy."
"Yes, sir. Ten minutes." That was Lang's enthusiastic voice. He had the right idea.
Steve extends a finger and traces a line in the air half an inch away from Tony's cheek. "So. Apparently, the conditions require bondage, right? I, ah..." Steve hesitates. "Would you like to tie me up­?," he asks softly, then.
“Some would say that’s not overly safe either.” And: “What do you want me to do, Cap, go down that beginners’ trail and run into all the people I’ve been avoiding for two days?”
"Not so bad," she commented grudgingly. "Now strip."
, Tony thought fervently,
Slowly, thoughtfully, Tony nodded his head; once, twice. It seemed he had reached some kind of conclusion.
I do know, because I know his tells, I know because I've spent half my life with a version of him, I know because I can see how he looks at me like I'm about to slip through his fingers and disappear any moment now even though I'm not going anywhere.
, in her opinion. But she suspected that protecting Tony was still the main motive for the strict observance of the battle names rule.
, he told himself firmly. He was overthinking this. He trusted his own read on Rogers, mostly, and even if he didn't, all the senior pilots claimed him to be straightforward to a fault.
Tony: Steve? Are you there? Could you please answer?
Then the ice broke again, like candy glass, and Steve's head disappeared from view, down, down. Terror gripped Tony like a hand made of snow and ice; he couldn't move. Luckily, he didn't have to; the suit was doing all the work.
It was. He knew Tony had a certain affection for him, and there was definitely a physical attraction between them – something that Tony never acknowledged in any way when he was sober. Steve didn't know what to think, and up 'till now, out of a desire not to spoil their friendship, Steve had held back. But this was indeed his last chance, and he knew he was going to regret it for the rest of his life if he did nothing. They had both been drinking some, but unlike before, when they'd had their moments, Tony now seemed awake and alert. Well. Steve was going to tell him – talk to him – and Tony could then say what he waned, if he wanted anything.
"He's got crazy eyes," Bucky went on.
"Brought you tea," Steve said, still not moving away from the door.
Tony: So.
Still, with the full G on, he felt every turn, every change in direction. He was pressed into the seat, then his chest was pressed into the straps of the chair, puling against them. A jerk, a violent turn to the right, and then back again. He thought his eyes were going to pop out of the sockets, but he was also distantly aware he couldn't stop laughing and whooping.
Tony: I don't.
"No, it, ah, it sounded sincere," he said in a small voice. "And I'm fine, it's nothing."
He struggled up, hopped over on his good leg, put an ear against the wall. Yep, hesitant steps: their echo in a mostly empty room. It sounded more spacious than the one Tony was kept in. (Lucky bastard, the other guy. Maybe he's got somewhere to wash his hands too.)
, that
Steve just sighed. "Oh, just shoot."
, did it? What if Rogers just – saw everything? Saw Tony put an effort into this, saw what he was doing – and didn't want it? What if it just made him awkward and uneasy, not in a good, hot, titillating way but in the
must have seen the deep, destructive heat roiling in the air between them. His own fury interlaced with passion. Steve's bewildered anger and hurt (
"Hey, that's new," Tony commented when he spotted a list that hadn't been there yesterday. He was proud of himself – his voice sounded pretty normal now, and the comment was offhanded enough, and...
" Happy sounded horrified, but Happy had sounded horrified for the whole duration of the phone call.
The blowjob is slow and sloppy. On every bob down, it seems, Tony takes more of his cock into his mouth; the inside of his mouth and his tongue is way too hot for Steve to stand, but the saliva is soothing, and the whole process is slick and wet. It's unbearable. It's divine.
“Yep.”
It seemed he wasn't alone, because Romanoff turned. She seemed super serious. "Guys. Leave the nuggets alone." She said it too coolly to sound exactly exasperated. A miracle of miracles, the others did fall silent. "Doc, take whichever bed no one is sitting on at the moment. Anyone got a problem with that, they can come talk to me." All of a sudden, everyone seemed to be busy with something. So. Natasha's the scary one around here. Interesting.
Steve, more often than not – always happy to spend time with him in an unobtrusive, easily deniable way. Could Steve really have been so blind? He remembered the way Tony rushed to his side, today, and the way he jumped in front of him when his SHIELD buddies started pulling guns at him. Oh.
Something in Tony's stomach shifted to make room for a surprising little prickle of warmth as he regarded Steve taking off his onesie, still all flushed from the exertion and the cold. His eyes glinted in the firelight. Having him here was... not an act of rebellion, precisely.
might work. Well. In the last few years, he hadn't been trying all that hard to solve this particular problem. He wouldn't say he was exactly happy in Timely, but certain local elements – well,
he thought. It wasn't that bad. It was actually... very much not bad. It was the very opposite of bad. If all Tony wanted from Steve was a good fuck, he'd be calling bullshit right about now, at least in the privacy of his own head. He wasn't. If he needed any further proof of his own feelings, this was it.
Tony: Don't be stupid.
After Siberia, Tony had tried telling himself Steve obviously didn't care about him at all. It was a fantasy that brought him grim satisfaction. It helped him turn his own pain into anger; useful. But now he stood there remembering the look on Steve's face when Carol finally brought Tony back to Earth, the way Steve had frantically run to his side. The way he had desperately drank in Tony's face with his eyes. The same hunger was probably mirrored on Tony's own face as he took in the planes and angles of Steve's face in that moment, familiar and yet new, the recently acquired lines of worry on his brow. For a second, the only thing Tony was able to think had been – thank god he's alive. Because he'd been sure Steve would be among the half that had died, because he was too large for life, because he was too much for Tony to handle or understand, because it was Tony's fate to lose him over and over and over again, in a million different ways.
"I'm not exactly emotionally available," Tony muttered unhappily, hating every word of the stupid phrase.
"Peter's... okay?"
Tony: What was it?
Tony: No, my old piano teacher, Mr. Struff.
He took his time disinfecting his hands. When he finished, his breath came more easily and his heart had decided to chill the fuck out, thankfully.
All the tiredness fled Tony's joints when Steve's hand encircled his waist; Tony's arm was thrown over Steve's shoulder as Steve effectively half-carried him, even though Tony never needed help walking less than at that moment. His feet felt light as a hummingbird's wings. No one would have thought he spent the day drinking and shooting and raising his old life from the dead as if he were a magician. A stab of nausea would spoil the fest now and again – an awareness of what could have happened if Tony ha been just a second too late, if Fury and his crew had been just a light minute too far. Still, it only emphasized the fact that everything had worked out, somehow, and they were gloriously alive, and Steve's arm around his waist was warm and solid and fit there perfectly, as if it was meant by the 'verse to be there at all times.
I think she must have guessed the gist of it, somehow. That, and she must have seen who I kept going to in all those futures that didn't take place, branching out from that point in time.
