“What a slut you are Dean, look at you. All spread for me, so needy.”
“Well, Well it looks like you have a thing for violence”
“What’s wrong is that you lied to me about waiting for me. You went alone and you almost died in the process.”
«Cas… I, jeez I’m pretty sure that you know what I mean.»
“Cas, have you locked the door?”
“I may have found something. Look.”
Dean had to face many enemies in his life, but he never thought he’ll have to face Cas one day. The angel was very important for him. Before he met Castiel, the angel of the Lord who saved him from perdition, Dean was 100% sure he was straight. Yet, Cas managed to break all of his walls, he became a part of him and he just won’t let go. Lately, Dean was always having wet dreams. Every night, he was dreaming of his angel. Yes, Dean was basically obsessed with Castiel. He wanted to feel Cas inside of him, hear him whimper in pleasure. He wanted the whole Castiel, only for him.
Cas pointed at Dean’s many injuries. He wasn’t wrong, that demon got a piece of him. The hunter was bleeding pretty badly from his chest and right arm, but we were talking about Dean Winchester. He’ll always hide any weakness he could have, way too proud to call Cas for help. He had just decided to wait for the angel, while bleeding to death. And now, Cas was so mad and scary that Dean wanted to disappear.
Dean wasn’t even embarrassed to say those things. He was so turned on that he’ll do anything. Castiel snapped his fingers and Dean was now completely naked, at his angel’s mercy. Castiel then start to took off his tie slowly without breaking their eye contact. He seemed surprised when Dean stopped him.
Dean had no reaction, so Cas pulled himself out a little. That’s when Dean understood. He repeated the sentence and was rewarded by a powerful thrust.
«Fuck Cas, what are you d…»
“Come for me Dean”
Instead of doing what he was asked, Castiel tied both of the hunter’s hands in his back with a rope.
“W, What? But Cas…”
«I can make you feel better Dean. I can make you come so hard that you won’t even remember your name.»
“Don’t pretend that you don’t want this. Don’t forget I’m watching you. If only you knew how many times I answered your prayers only to find you in your bed moaning my name while you were sleeping.”
«Then fuck off Cas!»
Castiel started to rub Dean’s back and hair to calm the hunter.
There was no room for an answer as Castiel’s right hand landed roughly on Dean’s ass. Dean gasped in shock and buried his head between his arms whilst making a strange muffled sound somewhere between a scream and a groan. The angel repeated the process another time, and another time, and another time. After fifteen spanks, Dean was a pleading mess. His ass was sore, yeah ok, Cas wasn’t faking it, but he was also really turned on by his angel’s sudden dominance. Dean slightly turned to see Cas’s face and, as expected he was staring at him intently. His angel was always so hot, and Dean wasn’t sure if he was doing this on purpose or out of innocence. One thing was certain now, Cas was not an innocent angel.
Dean then saw the women leave and hug her boyfriend. Jesus Christ, he wasn’t in the mood to be toyed with right now. Dean decided to order another beer for the road and then he’ll go home. He will, right? Whilst staring at the counter in front of him, he thought about Castiel, about his soothing presence, his curious ocean eyes, his adorable laugh. If only he wasn’t such a jerk, he would have told Castiel how he felt. He wasn’t the kind of people who loves to open up but it was different with Castiel. He had a bond with him that he could never have with someone else. It had destroyed him to watch his angel die over and over. He would have forgave him anything, in fact he did. Even after the godstiel episode he was happy to have Cas returned to him. He finds in Castiel something soothing and peaceful. Oh god, if Cas could see him right now, completely ruining his health at a goddamn bar. He almost jumped when he felt a hand on his right shoulder and he calmed down right away. He knew this was Castiel, he could feel it. He had chills when he heard the familiar rough voice of his angel.
While speaking, Cas was moving his hands on Dean’s perfect body and when he reached the bulge in his pants, Dean groaned in anticipation. Cas put Dean’s pants off and a grin appeared on his face when he realized that the hunter wasn’t wearing anything else. He grabbed Dean’s cock and started to stroke it gently. Cas was staring at his lover, analyzing him deeply with his ocean eyes.
“Look at you. Looks like your body already knows who he belongs to.”
Castiel fully pressed himself in Dean in one quick motion. He was balls deep in his lover and he was making a bunch of noises. Dean tensed and screamed of both pleasure and pain.
“Remember you asked for this.”
“I won’t Dean.”
“I won’t disobey again.”
“I guess that my come kept in your ass will be enough to remind you who you belong to Dean. From now one, there will be no more “I’m a grown-up” lame excuse for putting yourself in danger. You are mine Dean, I love you and I won’t let you end up dead just because you were too proud to ask for help. Dean was spent but he managed to turn around to face his angel.
“What ? N... No, I”
«No, I don’t Dean. You’re gonna have to tell me.»
“Open your filthy mouth.”
Dean managed to free his hands from the rope -he had been tied before by crazy people during hunts- and turned around to face his angel. He kneeled in front of him and looked up.
“Okay buddy, we’ll go looking for that big tree tomorrow.”
“It’s just that I’m wasted, sorry, did I call you?”
Dean headed towards the door, but he bumped into Cas’ torso on his way out. This was not normal, he was standing across the room a second ago.
“Yes! We will all be there!” Balth nearly yelled, the rest of the family just as excited as he was.
“Yeah, I'll take the part.”
As the show went on and Dean was finally able to get to dance with Cas, his very own Nutcracker Prince, that chemistry that Chuck and Metatron had spoken of came in full force.
As they turned back to the spirit, or whatever it was, it grabbed Sera and threw her aside. Dean and Sam tried to run to Sera but were also thrown against the wall before they could reach her.
“I'll take that as a good thing,” he smiled down at Cas, “and for now we'll just keep it slow, I’ll keep trying to get him to come around to me and I’m sure over time he will. And I think we should start with the swings.”
The song that played was the song for the first time Clara and the Nutcracker dance, after she sneaks out of bed and goes to check on her beloved Nutcracker. Dean's stomach dropped a little as Cas came to stand behind him, his nerves tingling at their ends, butterflies violently attacking his stomach at just how close Cas was to him.
"What do you want, Crowley?! I am not in the mood!"
Just as Sam was musing through his thoughts, the door to the bunker opened and Dean came bounding down the stairs. Sam watched as he shcuked his shoes and coat, then practically ran to the living room where Cas was sitting with the baby on his lap and a book in his hands.
Carter shook his head, “There's no one named Sera Wesson in the books.”
“I would love to.”
“Yeah…” He drawled, now a little worried.
Dean took them and rolled them over in his hand before asking with a raised brow, “What are these for?”
Cas looked between Dean and back to the stairs a few times, giving Dean an apologetic look, "Whenever you're ready, Cas, take your time."
He grunted in frustration as he was still not able to relax, violently tossed the blankets off of him, and stormed towards the door, "As Dean would say, ‘screw this!’”
"It was, I was very impressed at your progress." Dean smiled, proud of himself, and also blushed a little at Castiel's praises. "Though you do need a little work on some of your lines."
At the simple little snap Dean eyed the stroller warily and reached out to give the car seat handle a little test jiggle, "Is this safe? It doesn't seem safe at all, I mean that was too easy!"
“Dean and Sam, as in together, like together.” Annitta nodded and Sera scrunched her nose in disgust, “You do now they’re brothers right!?”
Cas watched the baby deer try again and again to stand helplessly, listening to it's cries of pain every time it tried. He looked down at his hands, closing them into fists and trying to hold back the tears that were now welling in his eyes. He couldn't heal the baby. With his grace gone he was all but useless, first to the Winchester's who were both in as bad condition as he was, and now to this helpless baby deer.
The audience erupted impossibly louder, but Dean and Cas didn't even hear it. It was just the two of them. Dean clutched tighter to Cas as he dipped him a little further back, and Dean ran his hands up to clutch Cas's face as the cast around them bowed, and the curtain closed in front of them.
She stared blankly at the table for a while before quietly sighing and whispering, “Family don't end in blood.”
Everything was going great. The dancers were hitting every step perfectly on cue, everyone was expertly coordinated, and Cas looked great as hell. Until suddenly things took a hard right mid dance.
“I'll grab the beers!”
“I work for my uncle, and I already called him and told him that I’d have Jack for an unknown amount of time while you guys were dealing with a family emergency. He was more than happy to give me the time off,” Dean shrugged, the perks of working for family, “it's just a mechanics shop, so Garth and Benny can pick up my slack and I’ll just owe them one when I get back. And my parents set up the spare room for Jack this morning and they can't wait to have him at the house.”
“Last names,” Cas stated so simply, and Dean let out a breath of relief and a slight chuckle, “I don't have one, what do we do?”
He waved him off with a playful scoff, “I need them not. And besides, if I continue eating all the treats I make, and get any chubbier than I already am, your brother will never come around to me.”
"You were dead?"
They looked back at each other and Dean said, "Okay, that's you," then he looked to Jack still in his arms and said, "Say bye to daddy, Jack."
Sam sighed in relief, thankful to have been saved by another hunter, and stood to thank them. He took a step towards the hunter, but before he could so much as open his mouth to speak he found himself with a gun pointed at his face.
“Did he have any enemies?” Dean asked, “Anyone who might have wanted to hurt him?”
She eyed the journal then shook her head with a sigh and opened it. She flipped a few pages before looking back up to Dean, “These are all your dad’s entries, I've seen some of these before, back when our parents used to hunt together.”
It took Dean no time to walk to the damp and darkened house perched precariously at the top of the cliff.
“Does Jack know about Kelly?”
The ballet had everything, Sam thought as his eyes opened impossibly wider with each passing act. Crazy fights, ups, downs, emotions, romance, devastation, and love. And all too soon for him, and everyone else watching, it was too quickly coming to an end.
Sera and Sam sat in the room and laughed together for a few more minutes before she reached into her bag and grabbed her laptop, “I'll bet this shit's online, and Dean can't burn down the internet,” she cackled.
"But… Dad-"
"Glad we're on the same page then," he smirked, then walked a little closer to Dean, looking him up and down once. Dean eyed him cautiously, watching his movements, then he looked back at Dean after one last look over, "although, Dean Winchester with babies, very… dilf of you, Dean."
When his dad had left, Dean reached over and grabbed his phone from the table. It was only ten but he cringed when he saw he had missed calls and texts from all of Castiel’s brothers. He very quickly unlocked his phone and called the first name he found and the voice on the other end was not at all happy when they answered.
"Pulled myself a Voldemort." He smiled smugly at Dean who just furrowed his brows.
"I know," he sighed, shifting around to shuffle the blankets out from underneath himself. He could feel his eyes closing slowly and wanted to at least cover himself in case Sam's date ended up being a bust.
Dean took Cas back towards the impala, playing with the new sliver band on his finger as they went, a smile on both of their faces. This had been the perfect night, together again with his little family, and they both turned back for one last look at the buck who was also looking back at them. “Bye, Gunner,” Dean gave the buck a little wave, “see ya next year, kiddo.”
"I am sorry about my brother," he whispered gently to her, "I wish there was more I could do."
He continued to laugh as the old woman reached into her cloak, "I have not much, but I can give you this in return for safe shelter."
One of their celebrating cast members bumped into them as they bounced by, excited over a perfect performance, and Cas gave Dean one last long kiss before they pulled apart and Cas stood them back up.
“Can I help you?” Cas asked with a quirked brow.
"You look great, Cas!" And he did, all done up in a tight pair of black jeans with a light blue button up, hair mussed just right.
“Alright,” Dean placed his hands on his shoulders to calm him down, “he couldn’t have gone far, where did you last see him?”
Dean gave his brother a look, “Sammy, I would give anything to have someone want for my attention as much as he does for yours. Give him a chance.”
"Right," Dean huffed, then turned to sit in a chair while he continued feeding Amara, "where do we start?"
"He's dead, he's back at Bobby’s right now," he confirmed with a nod, "and Cas is… he's gone too, the Empty took him."
“I know,” Dean smiled as he took Castiel's hand and shook it, “Garth told me your name, and that you're a part of the Kansas State Ballet. You're playing the Nutcracker Prince in this year's performance.”
~~~~~~~~~~~
“You mean follows me around like a pup that's lost its mother.”
The next few days Dean continued to return to the studio every night, just as he promised Garth he would. For the most part he always arrived there before Castiel, did his two to three hours of practice up in studio nine, and every night before he left he would sneak over to studio two and watch Castiel dance. So far everything had been going fine. They hadn't crossed paths, and Castiel hadn't caught Dean watching him from the doorway. And tonight was just the same as all the others.
“Yeah,” he nodded, “but let’s be honest, I’m just bringing the mood down and I don't wanna ruin your night. You guys have fun and thanks for the beer.”
"Dean…" Cas stepped towards where Dean was tossing his things in his duffel, "Everything ok? Was… was it me? Did I do something wrong?"
Cas gave Dean one last hug before pulling back and taking Dean's hands in his, lifting them to his mouth to do his new favourite thing, and placed a kiss on the knuckles of each hand. Then moved across the stage to stand on the other side facing Dean.
"Your happiness?! What about Sam's happiness?!" He nearly screamed, "After everything he's done for you, you're just going to let him die?!"
“You need to get to the third floor now!”
“Why not? You are the king, he will listen to you.”
"Sam, it is not the question of my happiness that will make this decision," he sighed and walked forwards to join his brother, looking out over the endless sea together, the sun now fully above the horizon, "in the end I must do what is best for our people, even if that means I should be forever the vision of misery. But perhaps I should visit the Gods and seek their counsel, ask them for guidance on the matter."
“Yeah , I just…” He ran a hand down his face, “Just a rough night I guess, wanted to hear your voice.”
“No,” he pulled back from Chuck's outstretched hand again as much as he could, “no, you selfish son of a bitch, I don't wanna go back! I want to stay here so Sam can be happy and alive down there. Switch us!”
Cas came over to sit next to him, passing Dean a bottle of water as he did, and sat in silence for a few minutes. And though he knew that Cas was trying to give him as much time as he needed to make the decision about the position at the ballet, Dean could feel the tension and curiosity radiating off of him the entire night.
"I worry about you all the time, Dean, I worry about all those under my wings. So your happiness is always one of my top priorities."
"Easy, Squirrel, easy," he held both hands up, "not here to bother you, just came to find out why in the bloody hell the world suddenly jolted back to life after four years. Figured if anyone had anything to do with it, it would be one of you lot. Gunna let me in?"
Just as he was about to turn down the hall he was met by Garth coming to stand beside him, both now watching as the dark haired man stretched against the bars on the mirror. “Who is he?”
Let me know what you all think XD
"He'll be fine, Cassie," Gabriel assured, "don't worry and just have fun with Dean."
She hung up the phone and Dean turned to Sam, grabbing his arm and pulling him along. He looked to the two boys and commanded, “Wait here, don't move!”
“But you know the steps, Dean.”
“The hell do you mean there's no Sera?” She snatched their proof of registration form from him then turned to Sam and Dean waiting behind her. “Where is Chuck? I need to have a few words with him.”
He turned away from the sea to look back over their new lands. Paddocks filled with healthy, strong livestock, his people happy, children playing, laughing. For the first time since he took the rule of Nazareth from his father he found himself smiling, actually feeling joyous and happy, relieved. It was a blessing from the Gods themselves.
"Tell us what, Dean,?" Sam tried this time, placing a hand on Dean's shaking shoulder.
"I know! I see it!" Dean shouted, and Gunner hopped a few times, feeling out his legs.
“Because you feel for him.”
"And Sam?"
“And I!” Gabe shouted, coming to stand by Sam's side. Dean was also not surprised that Gabriel would follow after Sam.
"Okay," Sam shrugged his bottom lip and shook his head, seemingly unfazed, "I still don't understand why you're crying though. Lots of people dance, many of them are amazingly talented, so why are you so upset?"
“I’m sorry,” Dean ran a hand through his hair, “next time I’ll make sure I call before I pass out.”
"While I slowly suck your cock, I will open you. Need to make sure you're ready for me, because when I'm done, do you know what I'll do next, Dean?"
“Adam was lucky to have fallen into a family like yours.”
Gabriel nodded with a huge smile on his face, looked up to Sam once more, before running off to the boat Dean had told him he would be travelling on.
He stared after him for a moment, a voice behind him shouting, “Dean, your orders ready,” only vaguely in the back of his mind. Before the voice was shouting even louder, pulling him from his trance, “Dean, sweetie, your orders ready!”
He looked down the hallway towards Cas’s room, but the door was closed. All he could do was hope that his little hunches were right, and that when he opened this door he would find Cas on the other side.
~~~~~~~~~~~
“That's enough, Dean. I didn't give the world free will just to stand over it and fix every little mistake that you make.”
He went straight to the laundry room as soon as he got inside and tossed his duffel bag on top of the washing machine. Before he threw it in the machine he quickly bound up the stairs to his room to grab the special fabric softener he had bought for himself, partly because he liked the smell, but mostly because he knew Cas liked it.
"Doesn't he though!" Balthazar stepped forwards with Gabriel and both started grabbing and pulling at Dean again, "He's so handsome, Castiel, I'm a little jealous!"
“Do we really need one?” He asked, and Cas tilted his head in this typical Cas fashion that Dean loved so much. “The whole point of having a minister is because they are connected to God, right, but you're an Angel, one of God's children. I don't think it gets any closer to God then that.”
Mary shrugged, "He might have been a little sad that you didn't want to follow in his footsteps and fall into sports, but he would have supported you regardless. I know he seemed like a hardened man, but he loved you boys. And now it's time for you to just let go of that past and be yourself, Dean.”
“Birth certificates,” she lifted each piece as she said it, “he made both of them Winchesters, officially. Guess he thought of everything.”
After saying a quick good night to the rest of the guys, Dean grabbed his shoes and headed out the door with ash at his side. They stood beside the impala for a moment, chatting about the new food items Ash’s mom was planning on adding to the menu at the Roadhouse, when a noise to Dean’s left had him turning his head.
'Sure, Dean, what is it?'
He was about halfway through his practice of act two scene eleven, when clapping from behind him startled him out of his trance and he turned towards the door. Though he turned a little too fast, and what were seconds ago graceful and coordinated movements, had Dean tripping across the dance floor and nearly landing him on his ass.
“Why should I,” she held her ground squaring her shoulders, “you didn't give me the same courtesy, so why shouldn't I just leave?”
“Hey,” Sam grabbed their attention as they were about to turn the corner to head back to the elevators, “did any of you check this room?”
“No, no I don't go here.”
"Then, Dean, I will travel even further down your body until I get to your cock, and I know how you like it when I tease your cock."
He walked over to it and grabbed it from the wall and all this one said was, “Cas,” with an arrow pointing to the right. He followed it, finding yet another note with the same message, and another, and another, until he found himself in front of Dean’s hidden little man cave at the back of the bunker. The note on the door this time said, “Come on in, Cas, and look on the tv.”
“Early for what?” Dean asked, confused.
“She is an amazing character," he nodded and agreed, "and very inspiring."
“Not usually, she mostly writes happy endings,” Amanda raised a brow, “she said this time she wanted to try something different. Agent, is there something wrong?”
“Cas,” Dean smiled to himself as he moved closer to Cas, standing beside him now, “are you, in your own weird way, asking me to marry you?”
“Dean, I…”
Dean looked down to Cas who was still completely passed out in his arms, then back up to his dad, “Cas came over, he was having a bad day.”
"Then what? What else?"
“I was hoping you would say that,” Dean whispered and leaned in to press their foreheads together, “in that case, I now pronounce us husbands, Mr Dean and Castiel Winchester,” Cas smiled at the use of his new full name, “and now I’m gunna kiss my very handsome groom.”
Cas just smiled down at the baby in his lap as it let out a sleepy yawn, and mulled over some names while they kept driving.
"No rush, Babe," he rubbed their noses together, "take your time."
~~~~~~~~~~~
"Yes he is."
All three of them turned towards the man now walking down the hall. He was a stalky, older man, dressed in the same suit as the kid downstairs.
As Cas continued to cry, Dean pulled them back slowly to lay on the couch together. He rubbed Cas’s back and placed sweet kisses on top of his head and eventually the two fell asleep like that.
"Castiel is right, Ruby," the director stepped in, "you're too close to him. This whole thing could be fixed if you just take one step forward."
“You were sound asleep, and after everything that happened yesterday I thought you could use the rest.”
She turned towards Sam and crossed her arms, “Which room is mine?”
“Is it…” Cas stepped forwards, Dean following with him, arms still around each other.
Cas very quickly burst into tears again and Dean instantly pulled him into his chest, gently rocking them back and forth as Cas cried it all out.
Dean ran a hand down his face, scrubbing at his eyes, and when the waitress arrived he ordered the first thing on the menu, not even caring what it was he was so tired. All he wanted to do was just go home. He had been hoping all week that something would finally give in this case, and he would be able to go home to Cas. They hadn't seen much of each other lately, with Dean and Sam working their usual amount of cases, and Cas off helping to repair Heaven. So it was an understatement to say that between Cas and the never ending case, Dean was feeling a little less than motivated lately.
“Yes, they already know all the parts of the ballet, all the acts and all the steps, start to finish.” Dean perked up a bit in his seat, not liking the look in Cas’s eyes at all. That sudden feeling to get up and run had returned to him again, but he was also frozen in place. Seemed his brain and legs couldn’t come to the same conclusion. “They are talented beyond all belief and absolutely perfect for the role of Clara.”
“Sure,” Dean held his arms out in triumph, this was great progress, “does daddy have any hair gel?”
He slowly bent over moving his arms towards the river. He touched his hands to the flowing stream, the cool water running steady between his fingers, before cupping his hands and gathering the water.
“Dean, stop!” Sam stepped towards him, grabbing the hunter by the shoulders and pulling them away from Dean.
“I meant to call you earlier and I completely forgot, I never even heard the phone.”
Cas wanted to know what he had written, what he had wanted to say that he was too scared to. Maybe he could tell if he turned it over…
Before Dean could say anything more, Jack started to fade before him, almost glitch. "What are you doing?"
"Mmm, yes!" He moaned, back arching off the bed.
“I know that Sam and I were jerks for leaving you without saying goodbye,” Dean reached a hand into his jacket and pulled out a familiar object, pushing it across to her, “but I never forgot about you, and when I couldn't find you I never stopped looking.”
“Anything?” Dean asked as he walked inside the motel room. He shucked his shoes and placed the beer and burgers on the table in front of Sam, then sat in the chair across from him.
“Yeah, sure, Bobby, we’ll check it out,” Sam nodded as he walked into the common room and sat on the couch, “we’ll call you when we get there. Bye.”
“We were wondering if you could give us some information on a member of your church,” Dean spoke, easily slipping into his agent persona, “Mark Marsden. He went missing a few days ago and was last seen here. Just wondering if we can ask you a few questions.”
"Kid," Dean squeezed the now invisible handprint on his shoulder before turning to be face to face with Jack, "it's sweet that you worry, but you'll never be able to change it no matter what you do. I just… I can't live without Cas. Since the day he pulled me out of Hell I've never been able to be without him. I'm sorry, Jack, but that fact’s not going to change."
“Good,” Dean nodded, “I’m glad you're on board. I just don't want Cas to stress out anymore then he already is.”
“Hey, little man,” Jack peaked only one eye out from behind Cas’s legs, “I was going to take your daddy out to get some ice cream, do you wanna come with us?”
"Alright Dean, let's go."
He watched as the Nutcracker Prince and Charles came together for their final dance, and he had to admit that he was slightly jealous at the way Dean and the Nutcracker were looking at each other. But he was oh so happy for his brother, he was finally truly happy.
“Yeah, it's… it's not easy getting over the fear of how people will look at me differently when they find out, and…” He sighed, running a hand through his hair. “My dad, he made me out to be just like him, rough, tough, manly, and sports driven. So it's the only way people have ever seen me. If people knew I loved ballet, that I danced around in tights to music played by an orchestra, it would change my entire life.”
“And our chemistry in the roles is already… intense, electric,” he then looked over at Dean who was staring back at him with a lust he could feel across the room, “even outside of dance we have a profound bond.”
“This is your dad's journal,” she ran a hand over the worn leather, “why are you giving me this?”
A short moment of silence passed between them when Gabe’s voice was heard from somewhere behind him shouting, “Marry him!” and Cas laughed, snapping out of his daze.
He eyed them for a moment longer then slowly released their legs. They both pulled them back to their own sides of the couch, and Sam was finally able to sit back and watch the movie.
"Dean, ease up."
“First of all, I do the conventions because they’re fun, and it's nice to have people worship me for reasons other than the obvious,” he pushed Dean and Sam off and gestured to himself, “and second, no, I did not kill anyone just to bring attention to the event. I'm not insane.”
Dean sighed and shook his head. He knew himself that Crowley had gotten them out of a jam more than once, and it was always helpful to have the King of Hell on their side in tough times. But he’d be the last person to ever admit that out loud. Especially in front of Crowley.
"You joining us or what?"
Not too long into the movie, the popcorn bowl was practically empty and Dean's hands had to find something else to keep them occupied, and that something else was Cas's hair. Dean had laid his arm across the back of the couch and was running his fingers through Cas's hair on the other side of Sam, all the while his arm kept bumping into the back of Sam's head very quickly annoying the crap out of him. But he kept his cool, shifted forwards a bit and kept his eyes on the screen.
"What do you mean it won't work?! You're God now, fix this! Fix him!"
"Hello, Dean."
“I know it's been weird without him. Without his goofy antics, his love after a hunt, the bunker is empty without him. I miss him too, babe,” he soothed his hands down Cas’s shoulders, leaning closer, “I was hoping that maybe if we sat here for a bit he’d-”
~~~~~~~~~~~
She lifted her jacket and showed him both tucked inside and he nodded, got up, and left the room with Sam.
“It's no problem,” he placed a quick kiss on Cas’s temple, “it's going to take some time for him to get used to me, it's only normal.”
“What?” She looked back to him, then handed the girl a fifty and took her bag, “You won't let me buy the real books, so fanfiction it is.”
By the time they got down the porch steps, Cas's brothers were just about finished loading the car when Gadreel came up to them with Jack's carseat in hand. "Brother, I figured Dean will need this for the weekend, I'm assuming he doesn't have one."
“I see you're having fun,” he looked at the bags in her hands, the glasses and hat she was still wearing, and smiled.
"Screw it. I love you, Cas. I hope you see this side of the note before you go to sleep, and I can’t wait to get home so I can tell you that in person. Sweet dreams, Cas.”
Sam just held up a finger as he continued listening to Amelia, "Alright, I'll uh… I'll let them know, Amelia, thanks. Bye."
“Wait, Winchester? I was wondering what you would be doing for last names.”
He grabbed up the phone much faster than was necessary and answered right back, ‘We've run out of leads, coroner’s office today was a bust, so now we don't know where else to look. We might be here for a few more days. And I'm glad to hear that Heaven is getting better, maybe you'll be able to come home soon? Or maybe you can come home now. If Heaven’s doing well, can't the other angels take care of it?”
"The Walking Dead,” he read the title and the description of the show, “why are all the shows about monsters? We deal with this everyday and now it’s all over tv. But if Dean likes it, then it must be good.”
“Uh… sure-” and before Cas could even finish his sentence, Jack had let go of his legs completely, and walked past Dean to jump in his stroller on the porch. He actually let go of Cas while there was a stranger around and walked past him. Cas didn't know what to say or do. “I… I can't believe any of this.”
"Though," Chuck stepped in, "we got off to a pretty rocky start, didn't we."
"Dean, he's walking!"
She gave him a look of annoyance and answered again, “I’m Sera! Sera Wesson!”
“It's a surprise!'' Cas turned an annoyed look on Sam who just lifted his hands with a shake of his head. “Sam’s sworn to secrecy, so he won't be telling you either. Just get in the car and I promise you'll love it.”
“Why?”
“He's really off today,” Sam shrugged his lips.
They finished the dance a few minutes later and the directors rushed the stage to chat with the dancers. Cas took that moment to finally glance towards the seats and saw Dean. He gave him a smile and a small wave, which Dean returned both.
"Yeah, she is. And she gets her prince in the end, which is nice too," he smiled to himself for a moment then looked back up to Cas, “I thought maybe you ditched practice today, didn't see you in room two when I got here.”
“It's not broken,” Sera replied, deep in thought when Sam looked at her in question.
"So you're really not going to switch spots with me so I can sit beside my boyfriend?"
As he walked through he ducked low, bones and trinkets hung low off the ceilings. Gifts to the Seer from the people of the village, a thanks for the wise words surely given to many in times of great distress. He would have to bring one the next time he came.
“Me too,” Sam nodded, “I’m glad she stayed.”
~~~~~~~~~~~
"You!" He growled out.
"Just switch spots with me."
Dean just sighed and figured since he had finally been caught, and now he’d have to go back to square one of not having a practice area, he might as well just tell the truth. He’d had a good run, but obviously it wasn't meant to be. “Look, I don't… I don't take lessons here, I've actually never taken lessons anywhere, but I love ballet.'' Castiel just stood and watched him with an unchanged expression, so Dean continued, “When I was younger, my mom convinced my sports loving, man's man of a dad to take my family to The Nutcracker Ballet when it rolled through town. I was really young but I remember it so well, and ever since I've been fascinated by it. But with my dad being the way he was, being a man of sports himself, I didn't really have a choice and he put me into every sports team he could find. I played lacrosse, hockey, baseball, soccer, basketball, rugby, you name it I've played it, and it got to a point where I felt that if I told my dad I hated sports and wanted to be a ballerina instead, he would have hated me. So I played all the sports he wanted me to play so that I wouldn’t disappoint him, and I decided to just secretly teach myself as much ballet as I could with the resources I could find online.
Jody lifted her hand and squeezed his shoulder, urging him forwards. He nodded and walked closer to Sam with Jody by his side, and after making sure the babies were at a very safe distance from the pire, he pulled his lighter out of his pocket. He shifted it from hand to hand for a moment, staring at the dirt, trying to find the right words to say.
“I said no.”
Sam opened his mouth to either dispute it or agree, though Dean didn't get the chance to find out which before they were interrupted by just the man they were talking about.
"Then what, Metatron, what do we do? Start auditioning again? Call back the people we rejected the first time? I’m sure they’ll love that!"
“Brother, might I ask you something?” Dean hummed as he took another drink. “You spoke of a destiny, your destiny, that it waited for you in the new lands. What did the Gods show you?”
The man eyed him for a moment before taking Dean’s outstretched hand, “Castiel Novak.”
“It helps a little,” he couldn't help but smile a bit, “but I… I don't know, Cas. If I do go through with this then eventually, at some point, my family is going to find out one way or another. Either I'll have to tell them, or someone in town will tell them, and I… I just don't want them to be disappointed in me.”
Sam and Sera shared a quick, knowing look between themselves as they watched Dean stop a few feet away and pull out his phone.
“Everything okay?” John asked, concern in his eyes.
“And Gabriel and Balthazar, what do they do?”
“Come on in and find out.”
“Ask you what, Dean?” He tried to feign innocence but it was not fooling Dean.
The prince laughed again, mocking and cruel, "You curse me, old hag? For even if you could, I could get any in this hall to love me now and end your reign of terror before it began."
Jack sighed and watched as Dean slowly walked over to stand beside him, “I can get you anything you want, Dean, anything that would make you happy just say the word and I will give it to you.”
He threw the last part over his shoulder as he got into the car and sped off down the road, leaving a very sorry looking Sam behind.
“Oh crap,” was all Sam said as he backed away and held the bush back for Dean and Cas to look.
A crunch off to the side had them both turning their heads towards the forest. Dean chanced a glance back at Cas, seeing the first real sign of life and hope in his eyes that he had seen in days. And they both stood together, quiet, clutching to each other as they waited. The crunching of the leaves got louder, closer, until it was there right in front of them. A beautiful buck.
“Where I belong?! I'm dead, I died fighting those vamps.”
“Can you?!” Jack asked, with a little excitement in his eyes.
They both nodded, following the Father back to his office, but as they did Cas kept his eyes on the scene at the front of the church. He watched as they passed as everyone in their seats had their eyes glued to the couple at the front, many of them dabbing tears from their eyes as the Pastor spoke of their joining in the eyes of God. As they reached the front of the room where the Fathers office was hidden at the back, Cas remained outside the door while Dean went inside to ask the questions he needed to ask, and watched the remainder of the ceremony. He stood silently at the side and listened as the young man and woman recited their vows to one another, the longing he could see in their eyes as they did reminded him of green eyes staring back at him.
"Yeah, see ya,” Sam waved him off and watched with a smirk as Dean practically ran through the bunker towards the rooms. He knew Dean wasn’t as tired as he was trying to make it out to be, he had seen Dean running around the morning before, placing notes around the bunker and setting things up for Cas all day. He also knew about the little confession note that Dean had left in his bedroom in hopes that Cas would find.
“I…” Dean looked down at his feet and sighed, “will you please just come and talk to us? We were kids back then, our dad was pissed that Sam left for college, breathing down my neck about hunting, and I… I didn't want to drag you down in my dad's reign of terror. It was bad enough that all three of us were raised in the life, but we didn't all have to go down with that ship. I figured if I left you I was saving you.”
"You ready?"
They were about halfway back to the bunker, no one had said a word since they left the forest. Sam was in the back staring out the window as the darkness of the night blurred past him, and Cas was sitting quietly in the front seat, staring down at the baby deer who had finally settled into his lap.
The pounding came again and this time Dean's heart felt a little jolt of hope and he perked up slightly. Afterall, it had happened before so why not now? "Cas?!"
Dean did, he thought back as hard as he could. To that night with Sam and the vamps. Fighting them, saving the kids… his anger, his rage, his loss. It was the only thing that took over his mind, the only thing besides dying that he could remember. So he looked back up at Chuck.
“But,” he frowned looking down at the ring on his finger, “this ring symbolizes that I am the other half of your bond, you have nothing to symbolize that you are the other half of mine.”
"Dude!" Dean just grinned back at him, which made Sam even more mad. "If you two don't wanna watch the movie, then why don't you go to bed?"
“It was a smart move,” Dean had since taken Cas’s hand in his own and was now running his fingers over Cas’s knuckles soothingly, “giving the baby your last name meant you wouldn't be denied custody even though you're not blood.”
She took a breath, gathering her thoughts before she spoke, "I didn't really know what to say. I wanted to find you, I… even though I was mad at you both for leaving without a word, I did miss you. You two were the only friends I had, my only family outside of my parents. And when I was staring at you on the street, I just couldn't do it. I was afraid you wouldn't have wanted to talk to me, afraid that six years of distance was too much, so I just turned around and left. It was an accident that I found you tonight."
Without any hesitation, Cas blurted out, “I want to take yours.”
“Do you want me to come to you? I can fly in, just tell me where you are.”
When they stepped out of the elevator she turned down the small hidden hallway and knocked on the office door. “Amanda, it's Sera.”
The two stepped up and peered through the bush and both of their hearts broke at the scene. Laying on the ground, dead, was a doe and beside her was her now orphaned baby. It looked new, maybe a few days old, clearly this mother deer had given her life to protect the baby when the werewolf had found them that night. And unfortunately the baby did not fair well either. At some point in the fight it had broken it's leg, it kept trying to stand, to get up and run from the strange threats in front of it. But it couldn't move, where could it have gone anyways?
“Daddy?” Jack tapped on Cas’s forehead as he pulled back from Dean.
“You're buying these?” Dean covered his face with his hands, “Come on, Sera!”
“I trained him,” Cas answered for Dean.
"I know," he wiped his eyes with the palms of his hands, "I just didn't know it was going to come so fast."
Dean shrugged, “We’re getting to know each other, that includes the good and the bad.”
His steps picked up as he walked faster through the halls, and eventually came to large double doors at the end. Without even so much as a falter in his step, he pushed his way through the doors and walked in without even knocking. He closed the doors behind him and took a second to breath in deep before turning and walking into the room.
~~~~~~~~~~~
The change in topic definitely did not go unnoticed by her, but she allowed it, for now. “Sam’s calling them, and I’ll get Vincent to gather everyone in the lobby.”
“Good,” Cas breathed, and he could feel the warmth ghosting over his lips, “do you have your duffel with you?”
“Yes! I do not wish him hurt if battle should occur.”
“The crappy life.”
"Didn't want to be rude now, Squirrel.". He strolled in, hands in his pockets and looked around. He eyed Jody at the bottom of the stairs and raised a brow. "Where’s Moose?"
Gunner had started whining right on cue, and Dean rolled over and ignored it as always, waiting it out. But this time it didn't stop, and instead got louder and more persistent. Worried that maybe something had happened to him, Dean shot out of bed and bolted down the hall, but stopped near the living room when he heard Cas's voice. But when he walked into the living room, he didn't see him…
And Dean found himself laughing even harder when Sam, not moving an inch or even opening his eyes, whispered back so as not to wake Gabriel, “This may be your boat, but do not think I won't throw you overboard.”
She stuck her tongue out at him as she disappeared around the corner, making Dean shake his head with a smile. “God I missed her.”
He nodded and focused on finishing his food, then thanked Sam before heading through the house to go find their mom. He walked down the hall and heard the slam of the dryer door in the laundry room, so he took a hard right and found her inside. Though his smile instantly dropped when he saw her, his entire body froze, and every limb hummed with anxiety while all he could do was stare at his mom, holding two things in her hands staring at them in confusion.
"I left to hunt, what else was I supposed to do?" She turned back to them with her arms crossed, "My parents were hardly around, always chasing their own hunts, I didn't want to hunt with them so I decided to go it alone."
"Man, I don’t know why we couldn’t have just grabbed a room at one of the many motels we passed on the way here,“ Sam complained as they grabbed their bags from the back of the car, "I’m exhausted.”
She brought her head back down to be eye level with Dean, though still entranced by the mark, he could tell. Then when she was finished and thoroughly satisfied, she kept her hand there a moment longer and finally opened her eyes. They were white, pure white, no colour at all. They had always been that way for as long as Dean could remember, even when he would come there with his father as a child. It frightened him at first, until one day he asked what had happened. His father scolded him for asking the wise woman such a thing but she quelled his curiosity regardless, answering, "Got to close to the Gods, pushed too far and saw more than any mere mortal should see." And now looking into those eyes only brought him hope.
When they made it back to the bunker later on in the night they all immediately went to work. Dean and Cas went into the living room and sat on the couch together, baby on Cas’s lap and a laptop on Dean's, pulling up all the information they could find on rescuing and raising a baby deer. And Sam was on the phone, talking to his old flame Amelia about their situation, and making an appointment for the next morning so they could take the baby deer to get it's leg properly set.
He walked with Dean over to his horse, watched as he mounted, then gave him one last nod as he watched him ride into the forest out of sight.
“This is insane.”
~~~~~~~~~~~
“You’re not putting anything on us, Cassie,” Balthazar reasoned, “we are offering to help because we are family, it's what we do.”
"I'll miss you too, Jack, but you're going to have so much fun with Dean."
Dean was suddenly more awake now as John eyed him cautiously. “Yes, Dean?”
Sera whistled, “Wow, that's impressive. What are you writing about?”
Dean chuckled at his excitement as he took a long drink. He had to admit, he was excited himself for their adventure and what awaits them across the seas.
The phone rang for what felt like a lifetime before someone picked up, and Dean sighed as the familiar voice hit his ears, “Hello, Dean.”
As an angel, Cas didn’t need to sleep, but now that he was human apparently it was necessary. And since he first became human a few days ago, this had been his first time without Dean, his first night going to bed without having spoken to the hunter, or even just as much as passing him by in the bunker. And his smell… it was comforting to Cas, Dean’s scent always calmed him, even as an angel. But here in his own room, in his own bed, he had nothing of Dean to bring him that calm.
~~~~~~~~~~~
“Thanks, Dad.”
“Can I talk to her?” Sera asked, “I won't bring up the case, I just wanna talk.”
He went back inside and closed the door quietly, sneaking down the hall to find the room where the music was coming from. But it worried him slightly to hear the music, aside from him and Garth no one was ever in the building at night, especially this late. What if this meant he couldn't do this anymore, what if he couldn't sneak into the studio at night because someone who actually went to this studio, who actually paid to use the building, was going to be practicing here nightly. And there would be nothing Dean could do about it. On a mechanics salary there was no way he would ever be able to afford to pay for use of a studio, and he couldn't risk bumping into someone that might get Garth in trouble for sneaking him into the building every night. It would be the end of Dean's secret ballet sessions, and he couldn't go back to trying to practice in his basement at night, it would only be a matter of time before Sam or his mom caught him, and he really did not want to have to deal with that.
He turned to Jody who was now standing beside him, holding both car seats. He jolted out of his flashing memories of losing Cas just beyond this door, took one of the seats from her, sighed and said, "As ready as I can be. Let's just get this over with."
Dean gaped at him, mouth opening and closing a few times, but no words came out.
Dean chased him through the bunker and stopped him just before he reached the door to their room and turned him back to face him.
She turned to Sam mid stretch and winked with a nod as she walked into the bathroom, “Grab Dean, we’ll leave in five minutes.”
She hurried to close the gap, laying her hand over the new mark. She gasped as soon as she made contact with his newly raised skin and tossed her head back. Dean noticed it did not hurt, not even in the slightest, and that only made him all the more curious.
Neither of them could resist any longer as the tears forced their way past their last defences, streaming down their cheeks. “And now?” Cas forced past the lump in his throat.
"Dean," Sam sighed and shook his head, "we have made sacrifice after sacrifice, and nothing has changed. I do not think the Gods are our problem here."
Dean nodded, then he and Cas separated to stand in their positions. Cas looked down to the composer with a nod to signal him to start the music, then looked over to Dean. He could tell Dean was nervous, shaking slightly and fiddling with his hands, so he called over to him and got his attention. “Just you and me, Dean.”
"Well," Cas started smugly, "you always have to be the one to feed him, you always want to hold him, you hate being away from him for any length of time, you buy him gifts all the time. Therefore you are his mommy, I am his father."
He turned back to Cas, a little confused, and when he didn't say anything Castiel pointed to the duffel slung over his shoulder and asked again, “Are you a dancer at this studio?”
Sparks were clearly flying between them, and as the orchestra played the final notes of the song, Charles and his Nutcracker Prince held their ending poses and the entire audience rose to their feet. Not a single person wasn't standing, not a single eye was dry, and that included both Chuck and Metatron who walked slightly out on the stage, both cheering as loud as everyone else was.
“Yeah, you're telling me,” Dean looked up and quickly glanced around the room, looking for the monster.
Sam sighed, “He is so small, too weak, I fear he will not make the journey to the new lands. We know not how long it will take to cross the seas, I wish not for the Gods to take him so soon.”
“Dean, what are you doing?!”
~~~~~~~~~~~
"Why do you have those? Why were you in my bag?"
"I put a small piece of myself in some sorry sap down in New Mexico before Lucifer pulled his second tantrum of the decade, and after I killed myself I was able to use that piece of myself to be resurrected. As for where I've been, it takes time to recover from such a trauma you know, so surf, sun, and sandals."
“Damnit, it's packed in here,” Dean grumbled as someone dressed like him bumped his elbow, “and where the hell is Sera?!”
“Cas, it's fine,” Dean assured him with a squeeze, “some kids just take a little extra time to adjust to change. I remember when my dad brought Adam home, Sam was pissed. He hated Adam, even tried to mail him through fedex once,” they both laughed, “it took nearly six months for Sam to come around to the fact that Adam was there to stay and that he was our brother, that he was family. But eventually he stopped hating Adam and now all three of us are really close. Jack just needs a little extra time and that's ok.”
“Can I lift you out of your highchair?” Jack nodded right away and held his hands up so Dean could pull the tray off, and even held his hands out for Dean to lift him onto the floor.
Cas shrugged, “Lawyers and doctors are good jobs, but mechanics are extremely attractive.”
She knows what he means. That danger, that risk that comes with every journey away from home. If they do not return, what he really means is if they all die. But she nods, not saying much more on the matter, not really wanting to think of that outcome. “You just take care of that old goat for me, will ya?”
Sorry its been so long guys but I'm back!! And I even have another update ready to go after this one <3 Enjoy!
"Tights?!" Sam looked between them.
“Wait a second,” Sera pushed her way through, “this is Chuck? This is… this is God?” Sam, Dean, and Chuck all nodded to her and she looked him over with a wrinkled nose, “Seriously?”
~~~~~~~~~~~
"Neither did I, honey, but we have to let him go and be in the wild where he belongs. But we do this knowing that we did an amazing job raising him."
She nodded, pursing her lips before adding, “He should. It might be good for you to see him for a while.”
The music started to play and Dean instantly got into position, though still very aware of Cas's closeness, especially when his breath hit his ear as he spoke, "Go through the steps, I'll show you where to extend as we go through the motions together."
Well, that was a lie, Sam did know why. He also knew why Dean was practically running through the garage and down the stairs, “Dude, where’s the fire. Slow down.”
"Nah, I’m just gunna go to bed, I’m beat, see ya in the morning.“
The hunter took a step closer to Sam, cocking the gun as they did. “Woah, woah, we aren't going to hurt you, I just wanted to thank you,” Sam looked over to Dean with panicked eyes, neither knowing what to do. They just got out of a bad situation and now they seemed to be in a worse one. “We’re both hunters too! I'm Sam and this is my brother Dean-”
About ten minutes later the cops arrived, along with the coroner soon after that. Vincent had since gathered the rest of the players in the front lobby and informed them that due to unforeseen circumstances, the game was unfortunately ending. And with the promise of a red lobster gift card for every player, courtesy of Chuck, the small group left the building, except for two other boys who had been asked to stay behind.
“It's not broken,” Dean tossed over his shoulder, “I used it last week for that haunting in Minnesota, it's fine.”
“Cas…” Dean took a few steps toward the front of the stage, speaking his warning a little louder this time but still getting no reaction out of Cas.
“Really?!”
The girl shifted in her seat and continued, “The inn’s being haunted by this spirit that was killed there hundreds of years before. She wanders the halls of the inn at night and kills her victims as they pass her alone in the hallways. She was killed by her husband, so she always attacks men, and she was killed on the third day of the third month so she always kills every three days.”
"Hey," he soothed, "Cas, we both knew this was coming."
"Good night, Dean.“
The first time Dean and Cas really kissed was about a month later. Sam was sitting in the map room, pretty much the entire arsenal laid out on the table before him while he cleaned every piece. Dean and Cas were in the living room, both standing on an opposite sides of the room with the couches and table pushed against the walls.
With a heavy sigh Cas uncrossed his arms and took Dean’s outstretched hand, allowing him to pull him out of the car and close to his side while he walked them closer to the edge of the forest.
"It's time, babe."
~~~~~~~~~~~
“That man never ceases to amaze me,” Dean shook his head.
He didn’t touch him or get too close once he was under the covers with him. Dean was thrilled that everything he had thought and hoped for, was currently laying right across from him in his bed. So he decided to just soak it in for a few minutes, to just lay there and adore Cas, just stare at him for as long as he could before he could feel sleep starting to take over.
Sera eyed Natasha who was off to the side doing homework again, then leaned in towards Amanda. “Another man was killed.” Amanda covered her mouth with a gasp as Sera continued, “That woman has something to do with it, we just aren't sure what yet. But she vanished before we could get to her.”
“The police already sent a crew in to clean it, but if you still wanna go up I can open the doors for you.”
“The Gods will not steer you wrong, Dean. Trust them. It may not be an easy path, but then again it may be as easy as floating atop the crystal clear waters, still as the skies on a stormless day. But no matter what it may turn out to be, the Gods have shown you this vision for a reason. Follow their guidance, for the Gods love you, Dean, more than any man I've ever come to meet. Trust them.”
“Your mom?” Dean asked confused, “I thought your mom left when you were young? What's wrong with her?”
Both Annitta and Sera made a noise, and Sam looked to her beside him, “I mean, you guys do seem to flirt a lot in the books.”
“Insightful. For how long was I gone?”
Castiel was mid dance when he heard the commotion at the door behind him and swiftly turned. He was now staring at a very stunned Dean clutching tightly to a mop and now standing a few feet inside the studio.
“Why don't you open the door and find out, baby brother,” Gabriel waved a flourished hand at the door and Cas walked over and opened it. It was the least he could say to say that he was shocked to see that it was in fact Dean standing at the door, again with a fresh bouquet of flowers in his hand. Today’s choice, roses.
Dean turned and placed Cas behind him as they slowly started following Sam through the trees. As they walked the noise got louder, a high pitched squeak, and when they pushed through a dense section of bush they found it.
“Of course,” Dean nodded with a smile, “I couldn't leave him out!”
It was just a small office with a desk at the back and a smaller desk off to the side, where a young girl sat typing away at a computer, not paying them any mind. Dean and Sam looked to Sera who quietly pulled the EMF meter from her pocket and shook her head.
“Yes, Jack is in good hands,” Cas reached a hand back to rub at Dean’s cheek with a smile.
“It's… an interesting development,” he stood from the chair across from Jody and moved to sit beside her, looking at both the babies. Chuck was still awake, wide eyed and looking at everything, and Amara was sound asleep in the car seat beside him. He smiled a little, lifting his hand to run his finger down Chuck's little cheek, “I know who they were, but they aren't that anymore, they're just babies now, human. No power, no memories, just little Chuck and Amara Winchester. A once God turned human and his now equally human twin sister.”
"Oh," Sam nodded and sounded slightly deflated, turning his eyes away from the couple on the couch, "I hadn't realized it had been so long. Is he… ready for that?"
“Hiya, Cas,” he smiled, relieved.
“I had gone up to the second floor earlier that morning to grab some files, but for the rest of the day I was using the office behind the desk downstairs, and there was nothing out of the ordinary. Just a regular day.” She then looked over to the girl. “Natasha’s father disappeared when she was two and so most afternoons she's here with me, doing her homework because I have no one else to watch her. She loves this place, but after what happened I don't know if I can continue running it, and I don't want her to know anything about it. I’m happy to help you agents, but I don't want her to know about Jerry’s death.”
Cas's hand came to rest on Dean's waist from behind, and the other ran down his left arm as he lifted it up. He was now leaning back into Cas as they moved together as one, and he was sure Cas could feel the shivers vibrating through his body as Cas whispered against his neck, “Extend more, push the movements straight out through your arms, feel it at your fingertips."
“Think of it like a Djinn dream,” he smirked, “I only gave you what you wanted, what you asked for.”
Just then the doorbell rang and all three held their breaths before Cas huffed out, “It's not Dean, more than likely someone trying to sell something.”
“Yeah,” Dean sighed as he sat down in the diner booth with a tired thud, “maybe I'll call him later and let him know. I just don't wanna bother him, he's been really busy with Heaven.”
“That could be argued,” Dean shook his head, then turned away from Chuck.
Dean chuckled against Cas's neck as Cas continued, "You will be fine. You know the dances inside and out, you know every single move, every line." Cas kept going as he felt Dean relaxing, and started moving his hands up Dean's sides to his arms, then his hands, twisting him around and resting his head on his shoulder, wrapping their clasped hands around Dean and holding him tightly to his chest. "And you know me, and I know you. When we dance together our bodies are one and it is just you and I on the stage together, just us. That's all you need to remember, and if you feel like you are starting to slip, just reach out your hand and I will be there, I promise."
Years went by as the kingdom watched on with horror and their prince and future king grew darker with each passing day. Perhaps even darker than his father. Until finally the dreadful day came.
“What… what do we do?!”
Dean settled back into his place on the edge of the boat, thankful that Gabriel was finally warm and comfortable, then looked down once more at his brother and the huge smile still plastered on his face, cuddling with Gabriel. Dean huffed out a light chuckle, “No feelings for him, my ass.”
“That, I definitely do not have time for.” Both brothers looked as though they were about to protest the idea again when Castiel grabbed another tart and stood from his chair, “I appreciate your concern for my dating life, but I am perfectly fine with the way my life is right now.”
"Was that really a smart idea?! What if you got hurt?!"
"You don't understand!" Dean nearly screamed, "It is hardwired into my brain that I shouldn't be this way! I should be covered in dirt sliding across a baseball diamond, or sweating through my gear on the ice, not dancing in skin tight outfits and sparkles. He would hate me, he would hate everything I am!"
He woke in a land he knew not of. Rolling hills covered the horizon beyond beautiful, full fields, the crops as tall as a young child. The rising sun came this time from beyond the hills, the sea behind him, he had crossed the sea with his people. The Gods had listened, had heard his prayers, and were showing him the life they would have if he took the path Sam had seen in his dream.
"You speak of leaving home! Leaving Nazareth!" He exclaimed, eyes wide and unbelieving, "Sam, we know nothing else."
"Will you go now?"
The growing little buck always had a way of making them smile. Even after the hardest most tolling of hunts, Gunner would greet them at the stairs, hugs and love for his parents and uncle Sam, bringing a smile to their worn bodies and minds.
“The saviour of Earth shouldn’t have to walk the halls of Heaven so heavy, Dean.” Dean clenched his eyes shut and took yet another calming breath, then turned to face Jack, “You have sacrificed yourself over and over for the world below, and even some of the people here. You should be happy, Heaven is a place where you should be happy.”
Cas’s smile grew so impossibly wide he thought he might explode. Never had he ever thought he would be here, about to marry the love of his life. “Yes,” he breathed against Dean's lips, “I do want to marry you, Dean.”
“I can’t always ask you to give up your time to watch my son.”
“And now we have one more thing to do,” he took both of Cas's hands in his again and pulled him a little closer as he asked, “Castiel, do you take the ever handsome and always charming Dean Winchester to be your lawfully wedded husband?”
Castiel stepped away from dean and took his bag and coffee from the counter, then turned back towards the door. Dean stepped in front of him, intent on demanding a reason for the harsh let down, but was only able to get out a measly, “why… why…”
And though Dean was confused, Crowley looked almost impressed, "Didn't take you for a Potterhead, Squirrel."
Dean started unbuttoning his flannel, then tossed it aside along with his t-shirt, now bare from the waist up and instructed Cas to follow his lead, "Take off your shirt now, but leave your tie on."
He blushed a little and turned away, rubbing the back of his neck, “She was always my favourite. She's kind of like the underdog, you know. She gets pulled into this crazy world and in the end she ends up coming out on top and winning the love of her prince charming.
~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~
Dean sighed, “Cas was pretty stressed out about what to do with Jack since all his brothers and his dad are going, which left no time to get a sitter, and also Jack wouldn't take to a stranger watching him at all. It's just not an option. So I said I would take him for as long as Cas needed me to. I hope that's okay.”
“What's your favourite ship?”
"Jody," he breathed.
In a castle hidden in the deepest depths of the forest, lived a king and his two sons. One, a young handsome prince devoted to his kingdom, his people, and all those around him. A wonder to all those who looked up to him. Sweet and kind with a heart of pure gold. But the other son, he was a sight more of his father. Full of malice and hung on power. Ready for the day he would rule the kingdom in his father stead, and all those under him would worship at his feet.
“Alright,” she handed the laptop to Sera, “but you have to bring it back, I have school work on there, and my book!”
“Does that mean we get to do this again?” Dean asked, a glimmer of hope in his eyes.
Speaking of Gunner, Sam looked over to the kid still sitting on the couch, then back to Cas and Dean who had since moved on from kissing and were now sucking on each other's necks. Sam was more than happy to bow out and let them have their deserved time alone, so he walked over to the couch and took up Gunner in his arms. He walked him up the stairs and grabbed the leash Dean had bought at Amelia's and said, "Come on, Gunner, why don't we take those new legs for a test run and leave your parents to it."
"Cas!" Dean screamed as his body exploded with his orgasm. Cas called out his name on the other end of the phone just seconds after him, then there were a few moments of shuttered panting as they both came down from their highs.
'That would be nice, Cas,' he sent that one and then contemplated asking Cas something, something they had never done before, but maybe Cas would wanna do it… so he sent another, 'hey, Cas, did you wanna try something?'
“Finally,” Cas agreed, and moved in to kiss Dean soundly once more, before taking his hand while Dean drove out of the parking lot.
"I’m just tired too, wanna head right to bed.“
“Ma’am, can I help you?”
~~~~~~~~~~~
“You're real agents?” The man asked with raised brows, and the three nodded just as confused as he seemed to be. “My apologies agents, I just assumed you were attending tomorrow's convention.”
“The convention doesn't start until tomorrow morning, I'm sorry if Carter told you otherwise, he’s still in training.”
Cas walked over with a matching smile to Dean’s and took both his hands in his own. He didn't say anything, he didn't need to, neither of them did. So instead he just lifted Dean's hands to his mouth, placed a gentle kiss on the knuckles of each hand, and then moved back to get in his place. The whole time the two of them never took their eyes off one another, even as the orchestra started playing their final dance.
It was a good idea, and one that usually worked when Dean was feeling a little down or deflated, but it wasnt so much working tonight. He had played a few games of pool with some buddies from his uncle’s shop, and took the pot for the first round of poker. But had since then decided to bow out and was now sitting on the couch alone, staring aimlessly into his beer bottle.
Cas stared at the note for a second before he added it to his pocket. He then grabbed the bag of mini Twix bars and tossed one into his mouth. The man on the tv who had been shot in the beginning of the episode, Officer Rick if he remembered correctly, was just waking up from his coma, so he decided he’d watch another episode or two after this then he would shower as Dean had reminded him.
He sat for a few minutes, breathing and taking it all in, before he slowly raised his arms out to his side's and tilted his head back. "My Gods, Odin, Thor, Loki, I beg of you to answer my call," he whispered to the skies, eyes closed tight in desperation, "I ask you to show me the way. My people are dying, starving in our dying lands, with no hope of a future if we stay. Please, show me how to lead my people away from death and toward a brighter future, please show me."
After he removed his hand from Jack’s hair, he reached a hand up to touch it and exclaimed, “My hair!”
“He's never sent us in the wrong direction before,” Sam furrowed his brows.
“What do you want to do? It's your call.”
“You have three brothers?” Dean was staring at Cas with furrowed brows, “I've met two, Gabriel and Balthazar.”
A figure in the dark was walking slowly down the driveway, pulling the garbage bin behind them, and when the figure walked out into the light of the street lamp Dean nearly had a heart attack.
She turned away from him for a moment and then pushed off from where she was leaning against the wall. Without a word she made her way back up to the second floor with the boys on her heels, both curious but neither voicing it, and followed her up.
Dean turned another huge smile on Cas and asked, “What do you say, daddy?”
Both of them knelt down to him and ran their hands down his neck as Cas spoke, "It's time to go, Gunner, go into the forest and make your own family now," Cas sniffed and wiped a tear off his cheek but still managed a little chuckle as he added, "you're mother and I will miss you."
Sam had come home one day with a crate for the baby to sleep in at night. For the most part he had been sleeping on a pile of blankets in Cas’s room, but now that he was healing and getting closer to the time he would be walking again, they were worried he would get himself hurt in the middle of the night. They decided that the crate would be the best option, so Sam built it and set it up in the living room.
"Let me make sure that doesn't happen then."
Confused but also a little intrigued, Castiel took a step closer and called out to him, “Do you dance here?” Stopping Dean from leaving.
He slowly turned back, brows furrowed, “I just assumed that you'd tell the owner about me. I mean, I am using the studio for free, which I know I shouldn't be, but-”
“Yeah,” he swallowed hard, but nodded, “you're right. It's… it's time I think about what I want and not what my father would have wanted for me. And… and if someones upset about that then that's not my problem.”
He shoved the ingredients he had just pulled from the fridge for a sandwich back inside, and stomped his way to the front door, intent on giving whoever it was a huge piece of his mind and swung the door open, “Cas?!”
“If you want to, Cas, then yes,” he nodded, his smile growing brighter and wider with every second, “we don't need anything big or fancy with hundreds of people we barely know. Just us, that's all we've ever needed.”
“Don't say anything,” she smiled at him, “once we take care of Sam we’ll head to the store, grab what we need for the babies, then you can grab what you need from the Bunker and get settled in here.”
And as he usually would around this time on a monday, Castiel placed himself at the counter with his brothers, beside Balthazar and across from the still baking Gabriel, and indulged himself in today’s treat. Sugar cookies.
“I… I don't know what to say.”
"Then you must already know the answers I seek. I-"
Dean looked over to Cas with a gleam in his eye, it wasn't tears he swears, and leaned into his neck, “It's perfect.”
“Can…” he eyed Dean cautiously, almost unsure if he should ask, “Can you make it like yours?”
He pulled the blankets over him and snuggled into the pillow. Dean, it was all Dean, it all smelled like Dean, it was comfort and home. God, he missed Dean.
He stopped walking and looked at her for a second as she kept going, then he shook it off and changed the topic again, “We need to call the cops and report this, get a coroner here.”
Dean stood in the entryway to the Bunker, his legs unable to move. This was the last place they were all together. The last place that he, Cas, and Sam were all together. It was also the place where he lost Cas. Where he confessed his love to Dean, where he stood stock still and did nothing, said nothing as Cas was taken from his life again. It's where he spiralled after that, falling to his rage and anger, feeling the loss of Cas again though this time it weighed differently. He knew Cas loved him, had loved him all those years together when he'd been too afraid to say anything. Losing Cas always ripped his heart out, but knowing how Cas felt, that his hidden feelings for the angel were reciprocated, knowing that they had lost so many years when they could have been together, it made the pain infinitely worse. And he felt that pain renewed as he stood just before the threshold to the place that held his worst nightmares inside. And what was worse was that now he stood here alone. No brother… no Cas, just himself and the bad memories.
"No catch, no tricks, no deals. I just want to help that's all." Dean didn't even say anything, just stared him down until he rolled his eyes and tossed his head back, "Alright, fine. I'll admit, you're not my favourite people on Earth, but it's painfully boring up here without the Winchesters around to stir up trouble. And I figure I scratch your back…"
~~~~~~~~~~~
He grabbed the fabric softener then took a moment to sit on his bed, rehearsals lately had been taking a lot out of him. As it got closer and closer to opening night, rehearsals got more and more intense. He placed the bottle on his nightstand and before he knew it, he was laying back on the bed. Just a minute, he thought, then he would get up and do his laundry. Then his eyes were closing and he decided he would let them, just rest them for a few seconds then he would get up. But before he could even stop himself he was passed out with his legs hanging over the edge of his bed, laundry completely forgotten.
“Hey, Sera.” She laid her head back against the wall and rolled it to the side to look at Sam. “How did you know to go to the third floor?”
“As long as you're sure,” he eyed him, “but if at any time you start to get worried you're gunna lose your job, you tell me and I'll stop coming.”
“Jerry, I'm gonna head out, call me if there's any trouble.”
“I don't really have much of a choice.” He reached into the side pocket of Chuck's seat, pulling out the envelope he had found earlier and handed it to Jody.
She eyed Dean over her beer and nodded, “Your dad… yeah I heard about that. Bobby told me, I’m sorry.”
The kid nodded, “That’s right.”
“Why?” Dean asked.
“And may they be with you, Gabriel.”
“I know those guys said he was dressed like Cas, but Dean, he… he looks exactly like-”
Dean stopped dead in the middle of the parking lot, causing Cas to jerk to a stop beside him and look at him with a furrowed brow. “Something tells me he already knows,” he groaned and ran a hand down his face.
"Yeah," he cleared his throat and turned to look at Jody, "let's get the babies home."
“Did you find someone to take him?” Balth asked.
"Actually I was invited here tonight," he shifted nervously from foot to foot as the guard stared him down, "Castiel Novak said he would leave my name with you, it's Dean Winchester."
He pushed himself over to his knees and scurried over to where Sam was laying on the ground. "Sam!" He lifted him up, shaking him, but the slick slide of the blood covering his back had Sam falling out of his grasp and back to the ground.
Metatron just shook his head and walked away, leaving Chuck to panic as well as the dancers on stage, who were all now gathering in groups and chatting frantically. Dean didn't know what to do other than just sit there in shock, he couldn't believe he had just watched one of the ballets lead roles walk out like that.
At the mention of her name both Cas and Dean perked up and turned towards Sam.
“It’ll be hard,” she whispered, staring at their hands.
A few minutes later Dean was standing just off to the side of the stage, in the shadows behind the curtains, taking deep breaths as he watched Cas standing in the center. After one last breath he stepped out, slowly, cautiously, eyes wide as he saw everyone sitting in the seats below the stage, the directors dead center and eyes on him. He stopped walking and froze before he made it to Cas.
“I am now!” Sera smiled, holding her bags up with pride.
“Yeah,” Dean nodded, grabbing his wallet and keys, “if Cas ever gets his butt in the car!” He shouted over his shoulder. He got a grunt in response as he saw Cas walk past them and towards their room again.
“It's okay.”
“You folks are a bit early.”
When Dean realized that wasn't going to work, he started flicking the top of Sam's ear, his neck, his forehead. Sam tried his best to just watch the movie and not pay attention to Dean, but a well placed flick to Sam's cheek bone had him turning on the couch and grabbing Dean's outstretched arm.
“She's right, Dean,” Sam nodded, “I think we should register.”
Cas sighed and shifted closer to Dean, laying his head on his shoulder as Dean wrapped an arm around him, “Thank you for being so patient, Dean.”
He had planned on trying again, or at least getting a better answer out of Castiel as to why he had turned him down, but it had so far been a disappointing week. So, his friend had decided that he needed a good old night of drinking, pool, and poker to get his mind off of the handsome man in the trench coat.
Dean took it and the two of them fell asleep with the baby between them, both having the best sleep of their lives.
Both Chuck and Metatron breathed hard sighs of relief and said, “Oh thank heavens!”
“I never forgot about you,” Dean tried to catch her eye, but she wouldn't look up from the book, “and I never stopped looking, never would have either.”
“Gabriel owns a bakery in town, his store has been doing well so he only goes in when they need him to,” Cas laughed as he looked up and saw Dean practically drooling over the table, “I’m sure he would love it if you taste tested for him. And Balthazar owns a nightclub downtown, so he usually leaves around eleven and comes home early morning. And I work mostly from home as an accountant for my dad's company, that way I can take care of Jack.”
"This gift," she spoke slowly, bringing him back from his thoughts and memories, "it is a powerful gift, you should be honoured to have it bestowed upon you."
As they began getting everything set for their new addition, things around the bunker became more chaotic than usual. Their fridges were now filled with bottles upon bottles of goats milk for the baby, Dean had started buying toys at the pet store every time he went out to try and stimulate the baby to walk when his leg was better, and Sam was more than happy to say that that “profound bond” Cas had mentioned once or twice before was getting stronger and stronger with each passing day.
“Little mistake?” He asked in disbelief, slowly inching forwards, “You call the Apocalypse a little mistake? Lucifer rising a little mistake? Leviathans? Abbadon? How are any of those things classified as a little mistake?! How could you just sit and watch as the world, your world, burned to the ground?!”
“So here’s how it's going to happen, I’m going to kill myself.
“You're not going back to the Bunker?”
Cas turned back to look at Dean and everyone's eyes followed him. Dean just stood there, even more stunned then he was before, and now suddenly feeling trapped.
She walked past them and turned the corner, they quickly got up to follow her and all of them had no words. The woman had claimed another victim.
~~~~~~~~~~~
"I did," he said desperately, reaching out to her but not touching.
"Sam, don't… don't leave me, don't go," he choked, "I've lost Cas, I can't lose you too. Sammy, please-"
~~~~~~~~~~~
He eyed Dean for a moment then turned to his brothers, "Are you sure you're okay to watch him? He's never been without me this late at night."
Dean looked back to where Sam was strapping the last of the saddle bags to Elskan, then back to say softly to Gabriel so his brother would not hear, “You will look after my brother while I am gone, won't you?”
Sure, Bobby tried to cheer him up, saying things like, “You're brother will be here soon enough, boy, don't you worry.”
~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~
Once they were outside and the door was closed, Dean and Sam both shocked Sera by suddenly pinning the smaller man against the wall and getting in his space.
Garth nodded, “Castiel is playing the role of the Nutcracker Prince. Apparently he's the most dedicated member of the team, and most nights stays late for extra practice. So if you're going to keep coming there is a chance you two might cross paths at some point, it sounds like he’ll be here a lot, but I'll do my best to make sure that doesn't happen.”
She hummed in response then said, “I’ll get Dean then we need to head back to the motel, I'll tell you everything when we get there.”
“So, tell me about yourself, Cas,” he leaned in and crossed his arms over the table, “tell me about your son. What's his name?”
Cas smiled at the blanket Dean was holding up. It was a very warm looking fuzzy red and brown blanket with the words, “oh deer,” printed on it, and the scene of Bambi sliding on the ice in the center.
Dean could imagine what Cas had in mind for him, but he wanted to hear him say it. "Tell me."
Everyone in the group let out a few fist pumps and cheers, and Cas turned to lean into Dean and whispered, “Thank you,” and Dean smiled and kissed Cas when he leaned in for one.
“I…” Dean scrambled and practically threw the mop off to the side, turning and grabbing his bag before darting back towards the door, “No, sorry, I was just leaving, I didn't mean to scare you.”
“No,” he answered a bit too fast, then sighed, “no, not right now at least. I… I just can't right now after losing Sam and Cas.”
"Cas, you're making me crazy right now… wanna see just how crazy?"
“Wasn't it you who told me not to stand in the door and watch like a creeper?”
And that'd the end friends! My one shot that turned into a three chapter fic lol
The whole room went dead silent at the sound of not only Jack's voice, but Jack’s voice calling Dean’s name. He could have called anyone in the room, but he chose Dean. And everyone was now watching the two of them with wide eyes, including Castiel who had turned around in complete disbelief at the situation.
Cas felt his cheeks instantly burn with blush, but closed the door and crawled into the other side of the bed beside Gunner. Dean held the blanket up as he got in and pulled it over Cas before laying down facing him.
~~~~~~~~~~~
They both grabbed the menus off the table and skimmed them with exhausted eyes. This case was kicking their asses, had been for almost a full week now. They had no leads so far, had been working day and night to try and figure out what supernatural creature was terrorizing these people, and after spending most of the day in the coroner's office they were still just as empty handed as they were when they first arrived in town.
There was a pause for a moment before Cas said, “As long as you're sure you're alright…”
Dean finished up with the Father and left his office just in time to catch the end of the wedding, and just in time to see how intensely Cas was watching it all. The couple at the altar exchanged rings, and it didn't miss Dean's eyes when Cas clasped his hands together, very clearly rubbing his left ring finger as he did. And as the wedding came to a close, Dean's eyes were on Cas as the couple kissed to seal the deal. Cas had yet to take his eyes off of them, and the way Cas was staring at them when they kissed, there was something in his eyes that Dean had never seen before, a look that had him wondering if maybe…
“Oh come on! There is so much you guys haven't told me, but it's all in the books, right there for me to read,” she answered as she picked up another book, flipping through and skimming a few pages, “and look, Dean, you're full frontal in this one!”
In this moment, Castiel was back to his old self. His motions were delicate and tender. The angel’s hands were slowly stroking Dean’s body. The angel managed to linger on the erogenous parts. A weird sound escaped Dean’s throat, it sounded like a purr and Castiel enjoyed it very much.
“He had to die but you weren’t supposed to go by yourself, we had a plan.”
“Cas I’m sorry okay but I can’t change it now, what’s done is done. Just heal me and it will be like nothing ever happened” Dean tried desperately to escape this awkward situation.
Castiel lifted Dean up and kissed him tenderly before he brought them back in the bunker with his magic. Dean needed a few seconds to realize where they were.
“Cas I’m not kidding, will you stop the crap?”
“I don’t think so Dean. I’ll heal you ‘cause otherwise you’ll die but I’m going to punish you after.”
“We had one, but it would have been too long! He might have escaped, or I don’t know… killed somebody!” He paused. “Look, I don’t understand why this is such a big deal after all. I don’t have any apology to make and especially not to you. I am alive, that demon is dead, and all is well. Sammy will be okay now.”
“I wi… aaah will never let anyone but you fuck my sweet little ass.”
“Why would I do that?”
“Do you have lube?”
Castiel made no answer, instead of that he put his hand on Dean’s cheek. Cas’s touch comforted Dean, for a few seconds the pain was just a bad memory. Without even thinking about what he was going to do, the hunter kissed Cas breathlessly. At first, Cas didn’t know how to react, he was torn between his angel’s duty and his lust for Dean who consumed him since he saved Dean from hell. Suddenly, the hunter pull back and he got up. He was now pacing around Castiel with both hands on his head.
“I said, how badly do you want my dick Dean?”
“Turn around and I want you on all fours.”
Dean removed his head from his angel’s neck and looked at him in the eye before kissing him slowly.
The angel pushed Dean on the bed behind him.
Dean was interrupted by Cas’ fingers on his forehead. It wasn’t like always, not sweet, it was rough. Dean sighed in relief when his numerous wounds were healed. They were hurting him like hell. But, his relief was short since Castiel then seized his shirt and turned him against the wall.
Tears were falling down the hunter’s cheeks as he hugged Castiel tightly, burying his face in the angel’s neck. Castiel was a bit surprised but he hold Dean close too.
“Look, Dean, I’m very disappointed at you, but I still don’t want you to suffer.”
“Are you done now Cas?”
“Ca-Cas please just stop.”
“Cas you cannot spank me, I’m a grown-up dammit!”
“I need it, I need you to fuck me right now. Feel free to use my holes as you please, I’m yours to fuck.”
Dean couldn’t bear it anymore. Hearing his angel talking like that, it was so hot. He suddenly decided to act and he reversed their positions. Castiel looked surprised.
Dean heard the angel unbuckled his belt behind him and shivered in … anticipation? Oh damn, he couldn’t believe that he was so turned on by Cas.
Cas got closer from the hunter’s ears. “Well, I was born many centuries ago, so I guess I just lost this notion.”
After that, Dean continued to do some research to find Castiel’s grace. He was using his computer whilst Castiel was reading. The former angel couldn’t make a computer work. Three hours later Dean closed his computer with a groan.
“Hello Dean”
“Well, it’s pretty simple Dean. I’m going to spank you for your behavior and then I’ll fuck your tight and sore little ass so that you remember who you belong to. You’ll think twice about doing such a stupid thing next time.”
he thought.
“What’s wrong is that you could be dead right now.”
“What do you mean calm down?!” screamed the angel “I told you not to go and kill this demon alone and you went anyway!”
Castiel leaned forward and licked his hole, making the hunter squirm and cry out. And then, without any warning, Castiel lined himself up with Dean’s entrance and plunged in all the way. Even though he had been prepped before, Dean winced a bit at the sudden intrusion but Castiel gave him no time to adjust as he was slamming in and out of him at a punishing pace. Yet, Dean was so aroused that the pain soon disappeared, and he was moaning and screaming Castiel’s name so loudly that he thought the whole country would hear him getting fucked. This thought made him clench around Cas’ cock and the angel groaned in Dean’s ear.
“That is a start, but it won’t be enough for this time Dean.”
«I, I cannot do that because… you won’t be able to handle it. I cannot do that because I don’t want you to lose yourself. You need to feel something, Dean, even if that’s hurt it will always be better than being without feelings at all. You need to hold on to your humanity.»
Castiel took his pants off and loosened his tie.
Dean hit the grid pretty hard, and he fell back on the ground with a cracking sound. His whole body was bruised and he was pretty sure that his ankle just broke. He saw himself dying here, in an filthy alley, at night, killed by his best friend. He could tell that Castiel wasn’t done with him just yet. The hunter was now staring at the angel’s clenched fists.
Dean stood still as he watched the angel preparing a glass a water for him and then he dranked it quickly. His throat was burning due to all the alcohol he drank.
“Dean, I can hear you remember? It’s okay if you want to hug me.”
“Okay, Dean, but what does it have to do with beers?”
“Well, I have to admit that since I’m a human now I finally understand some of the things you do.”
“What is wrong with you dude? You need to calm down!”
Dean noticed a slight change in Cas’ gaze, as if the angel realized that he may have gone a little too far. Yet, his gaze was still intimidating. The hunter was shaking and he was trying really hard not to let the angel notice the pain he was in. It was useless, of course. Dean knew that Cas always knows everything. Nothing could escape his ocean eyes. The angel got closer and then he kneeled in front of him.
Dean suddenly laughed nervously, and the second after he was crying.
The sensation was amazing, nothing have ever felt this good before and Dean was moaning and shaking desperately. He started to move his hips in an attempt to bring the invisible fingers deeper in his ass. It was almost unbearable.
«Dean, oh Dean I can only imagine what you’ve been through in hell and I’ll probably blame myself forever for not saving you earlier.»
As if to confirm Castiel’s words, Dean touched Cas’ arm.
Castiel put his hands on the wall around the hunter’s face before smashing his lips on Dean’s. Castiel’s tongue was dominant and Dean opened his lips to let his angel in. Dean whined loudly when Cas bit his lips and then, licked it to ease the pain. Castiel’s mouth was sweet and dominant at the same time. The hunter forgot everything and kissed his angel back. He gripped Cas’ hair and pulled them a little which caused Castiel to moan. Wow, this was the hottest thing he ever heard. When Cas pulled back to let them both breathe, the Hunter could only see lust in Cas’ eyes.
“Wow wow, Cas don’t tell me anything about the pizza-man okay?”
“Caaas! It’s fine, I’m fine you can take me now.”
The hunter was unable to formulate a complete sentence and a few seconds after, he reached his climax with a scream of pleasure. Cas swallowed all of his semen with a moan. A few minutes after, the two men were staring at each over intensely. All of a sudden, Dean
Tonight, Dean was scared. Not of monsters. Not of the dark. He was scared of himself, of what he could become, of what he has done, of what he said to Sam while he was a demon. He wasn’t himself, he was well-aware of that but this statement just couldn’t erase everything. Sammy and Cas kept telling him that they don’t blame him because this wasn’t his fault but he knew that he hurt them, bad. Dean couldn’t remember everything clearly but he has flashbacks, he sees his life with Crowley, the horrors he said to his little brother… He killed people, demons, hunters without even caring. It had been only a game to him. Dean couldn’t remember who he was now. Was he a killer or a hunter? All of this was killing him slowly. He was scared to be a danger for the people he loves. Everyone around him ended up dead. He was a poison, a grenade.
“It’s written that when grace lands on the earth it creates a tree.”
Dean looks back to call on his brother but, to his great dismay he notices that he is alone. He needed to talk to somebody, he may never say this out loud but he needed someone to keep him away from his dark thoughts. At this precise moment, a thought occurred to him. The only one who truly knows what he’s been through, the only one who can comfort him. Before he can change his mind, and without actually knowing what he was doing he started to pronounce Castiel’s name like an incantation. He desperately needed Castiel. He needed an angel to keep him away from hell. Castiel was the one who gripped him tight and raised him from perdition.
That’s why he wasn’t sleeping lately, whenever Dean tries to close his eyes -even for a minute- he has nightmares. He was exhausted, he even lost his appetite, and this is really bad when you know him. The truth is, he wanted to die. Since he couldn’t do this to Sammy, he decided to go get drunk at the nearest bar. An hour and a whole bottle of vodka later, Dean was completely wasted. He was about to return to the bunker when he noticed a hot brunette who was staring at him. He could easily tell that she was hitting on him since she was smiling and blinking at him. She wasn’t really his type, well, not his type of brunette at least but he was wasted and he wanted to forget everything. He tried to stand up and moved toward her.
“Cas, don’t worry I can take it.”
“Caaas, I…”
Cas unbuckled Dean’s belt and took off Dean’s jeans and briefs.
“I believe I’ve never felt such a rage before, Dean”
Dean did so and Cas pushed himself in, fast. The hunter chocked as he struggled to breathe while Castiel fucked his mouth roughly. He moaned around Castiel’s shaft when he gripped his hair. The hunter was enjoying every second of it, he loved to give blow jobs to his angel. He tried to reach his own cock to seek some relief but Castiel threw his hand away and took a step back with a groan. He spun Dean around and pushed him to make him stand on all fours. Dean grabbed his ass and spread his cheeks, letting Cas see his wet hole desperately clenching around nothing but air.
“Sshh don’t worry it’s okay, I’ve got you. I forgive you, of course I forgive you.”
Dean couldn’t reply as the angel gripped him by his shoulders and smashed him against the nearest wall. Castiel looked down at the bulge in Dean’s pants before looking up in his eyes.
“I know you were doing this on purpose Dean, I know that you do everything you can to piss me off. Stop fighting this.”
First part? First part? Oh, fucking hell. He really intended to fuck him right here? Dean was surprised when he felt Cas against his back.
Castiel turned around and search for his reflection in the mirror, he was indeed red. What has happened to him?
“You didn’t even call me after you killed that demon. You’re hurt Dean.”
“Well, you should have thought about that earlier. You won’t come until I say so and this is not now.”
My best soldier suddenly lit up and smiled whilst showing me something on her computer screen.
The concern in Castiel’s voice warmed Dean’s heart. He knew that Castiel really cared for him. But they’ll have plenty of time for that after. Right now, Dean needed the dominant Cas to fuck the hell outta him.
“Cas what the hell you can read my mind?”
“Sarah, have you seen anything on the security cameras?”
“Cas dammit what’s wrong?”
Cas smiled to that and he hugged Dean.
Dean finally turned and dared to watch his angel in the eye.
“Well, I don’t want to take care of a drunk former angel so please don’t drink all of them.”
“Look, Cas, I’m truly sorry to disappoint you but I can’t and I won’t regret my actions.”
He’ll never mentioned his fantasies to his angel though, he was worried it might frighten him. Despite that, Dean was devoted to his angel and he would always help is Cas needs him. However, the hunter was a human first, and he reached the point of no return. He couldn’t bear the pressure of Michael and Lucifer anymore. He was about to say “yes”, he’ll say “yes” and everything would be over. Yet, Castiel wouldn’t let him do this. Dean never saw him like this, he seemed really pissed. Usually, the angel always had a neutral expression. By the way, it bothers the hunter because he can never guess what’s going on in his pretty head. He wanted to read in Cas’ mind the way Cas was reading in his.
“What the fu…”
“Ok, good boy.”
“I’m so sorry Cas, please forgive me. I’ve been stupid like always.”
Dean slightly bent himself, opened the first drawer of his nightstand and picked a small bottle that he gave to his angel. He couldn’t see what was happening behind him but he felt his impatience growing as he heard that Cas had opened the bottle. Castiel poured some on his fingers before he pressed one of his fingers in Dean’s hole. Dean’s body tensed a little at the intrusion, but the soothing voice of his lover relaxed him.
“Y…es Caaas, please, I need you, help me.”
“Look (y/n) that’s him! I’ve watched this footage at least a dozen times without noticing anything. Yet, I knew something was weird, it was like time froze, nothing moved. Our target is very smart. He manipulated the camera so that we can’t see that he was here few hours ago.”
Dean was so needy for the angel, but he couldn’t manage to find the words he was looking for because Cas’s words were messing with his head.
Dean intended to sound really upset but his words were close to a moan. He wanted to feel Cas against him for so long that he lost control of himself.
“Cas?”
“If only you’ll let me speak, you’ll know that I want nothing else more than I want you.”
“Well, okay Cas, but, do you know how many trees they are on Earth?”
“Yes, Dean?”
“Oh, but I can guarantee you that you’ll regret them, and soon enough.”
“I need you.”
When Cas curled his finger and reached Dean’s sweet spot, the hunter whimpered and Castiel put another finger inside Dean. He started to move his fingers in and out of Dean at a small pace to prep him. Dean was moaning his angel’s name over and over.
“Come on Cas! I didn’t, that’s not true, wait …”
Dean could see Castiel’s eyes darken with lust and need as he approached the hunter.
Dean suddenly felt a bit guilty. It was true, they both share a unique bond and yet, he just left without Cas on a suicide mission.
Castiel actually could do what he was asked, he was able to turn Dean’s feelings off but he would never do such a thing. Humans have a tendency to hurt themselves and Cas noticed that when they don’t feel a thing they never end well. He will not watch Dean destroy himself right in front of him, not if he has a say in it. He got closer to Dean and sits in front of him. They were really close now.
Every night, he dreams about hell and every night he sees himself liking it. He enjoyed torturing other souls as long as he wasn’t hurt. Nothing could ever overcome the deep hole inside him. Every night, he chokes his tears in the pillows of his bed to prevent Sammy from hearing his sobs. He was used to clench his fists so hard that little crescent moon marks appears on his palms. He needed to hurt himself, needed to suffer to ease the guilt he felt deep down. Yet, this night he had reached his limit. He couldn’t pretend that he was okay anymore.
Dean hit the wall and was surprised by it as he was way too focused on Castiel’s dark eyes to care about anything else.
The hunter remained quiet. He was shaking. His dick was so hard that it was hurting him, but he understood. He understood that what Castiel was doing was nothing compared to what he did. He could have died, and it was like he finally realized that. Dean was exhausted.
“Why wouldn’t I be?”
“I will never let anyone but you fuck my sweet little ass.”
Dean wondered what he meant by that, but soon forgot when he was interrupted by an amazing sensation.
“Caaaas can you just explain what the hell you’re doing?”
“What, what is that?”
Dean never thought that Castiel could throw him and beat him up in a damn alley. Ok, Castiel has every right to be mad, really. After all, the angel gave up everything and risked his life just to save him. But he thought Castiel’s anger would be expressed through some insults and that he’ll be gone for a few weeks. Ya know, the usual “radio silence”. This, what was happening right now, was never something Dean would have thought of. Castiel threw him on a concrete wall. His whole body was sore but he didn’t fought back, he wasn’t even trying to avoid the blows. The simple idea to hurt Castiel was making him sick. Dean’s indifference seems to upset Castiel even more as he gripped Dean’s jacket and threw him against the grid at the back of the alley.
“He knows better.”
“I want you to blow me Dean.”
Castiel was waiting for this precise moment. He took his fingers off of Dean who whined at the lost. He then placed his erect member in front of Dean’s entrance before slowly pushing in.
“Only yours. Profound bound and all, remember?”
“I’m so-sorry Cas.”
«Fuck, fuck why the hell did I just do that? Dammit, I’m so sorry Cas, please forgive me.»
“Good. Then, I won't have to punish you again."
“Please Cas, I need you to fuck me, need your thick cock in me.”
Castiel felt a weird sensation, like he was burning from the inside.
Castiel growled at that and started to move at a really fast pace. Each of his thrusts made them both whimper in pleasure. Dean couldn’t hold the screams from his throat. He was screaming Castiel’s name. When Dean felt his orgasm build in him he screamed.
He pulled Dean from the wall and bent him roughly over a table in the back of the room.
I’ve been informed by other angels that Castiel keeps a low profile and uses many different names in order to remain discreet. As the leader of the anti-Castiel team I sent many angels to spy on him. Those past few days, we spotted many clues about where he might be. We’re getting closer and closer as the days goes by. We knew all along that the traitor chose the Winchesters over us. The famous hunters were the first we spied on of course.
“Don’t be stupid Dean, I still have some class.”
Dean felt a delightful warmth spreading inside of him. He was in love with his angel since the beginning but alas he was too proud to admit it. It was only at this moment that Dean realized that his lover was still hard.
Castiel made a final thrust, sinking deeply in Dean’s ass and came, flooding the hunter’s ass with his hot semen. They both collapsed on the floor and Castiel pulled out, earning a muffled moan from Dean. He admired his work, the hunter was covered in come, some of it dripping from his ass. Dean was certain that he'll be sore for days, thinking about Cas every time he'll try to sit. Castiel searched in his trench-coat’s jacket and got a plug that he was keeping for this exact moment. He suddenly pushed the plug in Dean’s well-used puffy hole and Dean squirmed in surprise.
“What? No, nothing Cas. It’s just that, it’s weird. You were an angel, a powerful being, and now you’re a human, we’re on the same boat. If someone stabs you, you’re gonna bleed to death, same thing if someone shoots you, same thing if you have an accident on the road and this is making me crazy Cas. You have so many powerful enemies that want you dead and you can’t use your angel mojo to heal yourself now. The thing is I’m scared Cas. I have so many things to deal with right now between you and my brother. I can’t lose you. We won’t let those assbutts anywhere near you okay? The fact that this whore killed you is too much for me to bear."
She chuckled softly.
«Fuck Cas, I know you get it.»
Dean moved quickly. He was so needy for his angel. Castiel climbed on the bed behind Dean and leaned in order to kiss Dean’s back languidly and Dean moaned softly.
Since Castiel completed Metatron’s tasks, all of the angels were lost. We fell from Heaven, from our home, and now we need to live amongst humans. Castiel did this, he ruined our lives. None of us wanted to live on earth and some of us died during the fall. We’re fallen angels, we don’t have any mission anymore, God abandoned us. I don’t want to live here, I belong in another place. I’ll find Castiel, and I’ll make him pay for what he’s done. This particular angel should have been expelled from Heaven a long time ago. I mean, he’s been living down here for I don’t even know how long, he killed dozens of angels and called himself a god once. He deserves to pay for this. I’ve been searching him for weeks now, and today I finally have something close to a lead.
“No, it's okay,” he shook his head with a sad smile, “he actually passed away about four years ago. And even though he's been gone for that long, it's still hard to try and get past that fear he built into me, that if I was seen doing anything even remotely feminine he would be disappointed in me. It's so hard pressed into my brain that I should be ashamed of what I'm doing here. That's why I sneak out of my house at midnight after my mom and brother are sleeping, and I always make sure I'm home before they wake up. I'm terrified of what they would say if they found out, of how they would treat me, and it's all because of my dad's perceptions. It's… It's hard to get past.”
Sam looked down at him wide eyed and took a slight step to the side, “Our furs?!”
"I'm coming, I'm coming, keep your pants on, yeesh!" She called out, grumbling to herself about the arrogance of some people as she finally made it to the door. She quickly swung it open, ready to give the person on the other side a huge piece of her mind, but instead she only managed a stunned, "Dean?!"
"Why didn't you talk to us?" Sam asked with a shake of his head.
“Here, let me help you.” He took the final step towards Dean and placed two fingers on his forehead, sending his head lulling back as the memories of that fateful night came rushing back to him, and not the memories that he had thought were true all this time.
He shuffled his way down the hall and found two of his brothers in the kitchen, one making tarts and the other sitting at the counter eating them equally as fast. He took a seat at the barstool and grabbed one for himself.
“Hello, Dean,” he answered as he too started walking further into the room.
"Babe, I got this. We're gunna be fine," he gave Cas a soothing smile and rubbed a hand down his arm, "please, go be with your family and don't worry about us."
Without looking up at Jack he spoke, more like mumbled, “The one thing I want you already know you can't give me.” Jack just sighed again and looked away. They both knew that Sam would eventually join them in Heaven, that was only a matter of time, but Cas… he was gone. And even with Sam in Heaven when the time came, Dean wasn't sure he could ever be truly happy without Cas. But instead of lingering on the thought and feeding he hole in his chest even more, he stepped up to the large bowl of water Jack had sitting on his desk and leaned over it. “How’s Sam doing?”
“I'll make sure we’re there before then,” then added, “and thanks, Balth.”
As they stepped out of the elevator, they were greeted by the kid at the desk and several men standing behind him. Vincent walked over and Carter gestured behind him to the men waiting, “These are the guys for tomorrow's convention, can they start setup in ballroom one?”
“You know someone?” Metatron asked, almost slightly impatient.
"I… I love you, Cas, I really love you, so much.“
Dean nodded and gracefully stepped into the first few steps of the dance. He knew Cas was watching him intently, he could see his eyes on him when he turned, could almost feel the lust pouring off of the man as he continued the dance. But as the music poured over him, he put himself fully into the role of Clara, closing his eyes and letting her completely take over his body. Then Cas's hands were on him, slowly roaming softly over his body as they danced.
“You better get going then, Brother, no need to leave this wait any longer,” he then lifted the bags in his hands and began turning towards the horse as he spoke over his shoulder, “we brought you more food for the journey, the Gods are tricky sometimes. You may be there a while before they decide to grant you answers to your questions, though I do hope they give you an answer quickly. I shall put these on your saddle so you may be on your way.”
Cas choked out the last word and before Dean could stop him he stood and left the room.
~~~~~~~~~~~
"Pamela," he let her hand go and she returned it to her lap, "I do have many questions, for I went to visit the Gods and they gave me much to consider."
“It's Erik.” She turned to Dean who still refused to look at the body. “His boyfriend’s downstairs looking for him.”
It wasn't too long before Dean and Cas came back and each had sat on either side of him on the couch. He may have let up and allowed them to join him for movie night, but he was not giving up his seat in the middle of the couch.
He put the car in reverse and turned to pull out of the lot, and got a look at the back seat, “Oh my god,” he sighed, but couldn't even help the laugh that escaped him, encompassing his whole body as Cas looked back too.
“Come on,” Dean said with a quick kiss to his lips, “Balth said that your dad wanted to be heading out by noon, and I smell food cooking downstairs. Once I've got some food in you, I’ll drive you over and get Jack.”
Sera walked back over to the desk, “Does that mean you have an internal record of every time a door opens?” The kid nodded again. “That means you know exactly which doors were opened at what time that night.”
"I am completely naked now, Dean."
"Perhaps," she coughed once before continuing, "but it would not be true. And once I leave these walls it will not be so easy for you, for you will be forgotten, left behind in the cold as you have done to me. Cast aside and shadowed by the darkness of your life."
“Hiya, Cas!”
~~~~~~~~~~~
No sooner than Cas was able to close and lock the door was he very quickly bombarded by all three of his brothers.
“First things first,” Balthazar placed a hand on Castiel’s knee once he finally stopped coughing and seriously asked, “was he handsome?”
“Yes, he told me to come to him.”
Metatron chuckled, "That we did, but maybe for the better!"
She looked between them again, "Fine, but I don't think anything you say could possibly make what you did any better."
Sam watched in complete awe from the front row as his brother moved on stage before him. He had never seen Dean so happy, so powerful, so amazing! And the way he danced with the other lead, it was such an intense form of intimacy, of pure completeness, that Sam was sure the entire audience could feel it. The atmosphere around him was on fire, and everyone in the audience was on the edge of their seats through the entire performance.
Reluctantly releasing his cock, he grabbed the phone with both hands and pulled up Cas's number and hit call. He answered after one ring and Dean hit speaker, and tossed the phone beside him on the bed. He didn't even get a gravely 'hello, Dean' like he usually did when he called Cas, but was instead met with a litany of moans and grunts, exactly what Dean was hoping to hear as he let out a moan of his own at the sound.
The hunter grabbed Sam by the shirt, pulling him to the side and into the light by the window. The light shone down on Sam’s face as the hunter stared at him. “Sam… oh my god, Sam.”
“These are delicious, Gabriel.”
Dean shook his head vigorously, gasping out, "I can't,"
Cas shrugged, “I just… I don't really know how to feel. On one hand she's my mother, but on the other she ruthlessly abandoned us without so much as a word and now all of a sudden she wants to see her children. I just feel like there is some kind of catch, like she has some kind of hidden agenda, but there's the younger part of me that wants to believe her intentions are good. I’m just so confused.”
“No,” she shook her head, “she's usually very secretive when she writes, I don't usually get to read anything until she's finished it. I was surprised she let you read it.”
“It's alright, Cas,” he shook his head, still smiling at his Angel, “I don't need one.”
After meeting Cas the week before, Dean would make sure that at the end of every one of his practice sessions, he left enough time to sneak downstairs and spend half an hour watching Cas practice. But on his way into the studio tonight, he snuck a peek down the hallway and noticed that Cas’s usual practice room was dark, door closed. He was disappointed that Cas wouldn't be there tonight, but he tried to shrug it off and use his practice to try and keep his mind off of the blue eyed dancer.
Dean struggled against Chuck's hold on him, but didn't say anything more and waited for him to continue.
“Because it's hilarious, and I have more!” Dean rolled his eyes as she kept going, placing an object on her face, “These are my personal favourite, devils trap sunglasses, I also got this key chain for Sam that says ‘bitch’ and when you flip it over there's a moose on the other side.”
No words were said between them as they all knew this was a huge hit for Dean. He wouldn't admit it but there were a lot of factors to this particular piece of the puzzle that were too close to home for him.
Slowly, he reached his hand out and turned the handle. He was holding his breath, his whole body felt numb, and when he peeked his head in his heart went into overdrive. Cas was in fact there, asleep in his bed, the blankets resting low on his hips showing off his toned back.
“You've lived here for over a year now, do your own damn laundry.”
“It's good, right?”
“Doesn't hurt to stop by. Wait…” She touched the mouse pad, scrolling before looking back up to Sam. “This is Henderson Castle, it's one of the most haunted places in America, supposedly. People who have stayed here before have reported the feeling of being touched, radios and phones going haywire, seeing things, but none of it's ever been proven before and no ones ever been killed. So why all of a sudden is this happening? Are you sure it's not just some crazy human?”
Dean just nodded, "Chuck and Amara."
Sera nodded in confirmation then walked over to kneel beside the girl. “Hi, you're Natasha right?” The girl nodded, still not looking away from the computer. “My name’s, Sera. Are you working on some homework?”
Jack started to shake his head again and Cas stepped up beside Dean and pleaded, “Can Dean please push you on the swing, Jack, please?”
Dean and Sam ran towards the elevators but there was already a large line forming there, and in a last ditch effort used the emergency stairs in the corner of the building. They were at the third floor in less than a minute, pushing through the doors and found Sera face to face with a woman in a black silk dress. She was clearly a spirit, but when Sam took the EMF meter out of his pocket, he showed it to Dean and shook his head.
“I believe your destiny lies in the lands across the sea. You came here looking for a path to follow, and the Gods have given you all you need to make the right decision.”
The week passed by as quickly as it always did, and the weekend passed agonizingly slowly as Dean waited for Monday night to come. Don't get him wrong, Dean loved spending time at home with his mom and brother Sam, but he found that every second his feet weren’t tucked snugly into his pointe shoes, he was anxious and fidgety, eager for Monday night so he could get himself back into the studio.
“I’m not coming back to the motel,” he finally looked at Dean and scratched the back of his neck, “I've got a date,”
Dean shook his head then pointed to all the bags in her hands, “What the hell is all this, it better not be more books.”
“Dean, you asked the guy on a date after he only knew you for a matter of two minutes,” Dean nodded, “maybe if he knew you it would have been a different outcome.”
“Son of a bitch!” Dean groaned as he rolled over, pushing the now broken shelf off of him as he did.
“Will do, miss Amanda.”
He tucked that note into his pocket as he stretched on the couch, then forced himself to get up and shuffled to his room.
She picked up a few of the books on that table and the lady from the booth moved over to answer her, “Fanfiction is content about the characters in the Supernatural series that is written by the fans.”
Sam chuckled again, caught his breath then said, “But getting back to the case, we should probably head back to the bed and breakfast and see if we missed something. I’m having no luck anywhere else.”
They watched Sam storm off out of the room, Dean giving a little triumphant smile at winning his battle, then turned back to Cas to start kissing his neck again.
Before the two of them could say anymore, they were interrupted by Balthazar sticking his whole body out the back window of the car and shouting, "If you two don't lock lips and get this everlasting goodbye over with, I'm going to come out there and kiss Dean goodbye myself! Let's hurry it up and get this show on the road!"
“As are we,” Gadreel said, “I was quite looking forward to it.”
“Yes, I think she knew, just as I did, that when she went into labour that there would be complications with Jack’s birth. And as the doctors were examining her and trying to solve the problem, she knew there was a chance that she wasn't going to make it.”
“It's been so damn long since we’ve had a kid in the house, and to be quite honest your mother and I were beginning to wonder if we would ever have grandchildren!” John’s eyes lit up like it was christmas. “This will be great! And we’ve both been dying to meet Jack.”
“Yeah,” she closed her laptop, “you're probably right. Once Dean’s finished trying to deny the already obvious, we’ll head over.”
Finally! He thought to himself as he sat down on the couch, popcorn in hand, cold beer, and Netflix ready to go on the tv. It was the first night they'd been home for weeks. For the last month they had been neck deep in vamp nests, werewolf packs, djinns, and everything else in the book. They'd been jumping from state to state, motel to motel, case to case, and he was exhausted. But he would be damned if he was going to miss out on this perfect opportunity to finally watch that movie he had been dying to see.
“Call me tomorrow,” Cas said, turning back once he was inside.
She smirked and wiggled her eyebrows before saying, “There's a lot of 'sub' in this 'text' if you catch my drift.”
“Best do!”
Cas saw Jack open the front door and stand on the porch, and he just as quickly jumped out of the car and ran to catch Jack as he jumped at him.
Sam contemplated for a moment what would happen if he just ignored Dean, but he thought better of it and shouted back, "Here, Dean!"
"You should go deal with that, Dean," he said, but still tilted his head to give Dean better access, "go talk to your brother, then we should both apologize for being rude."
He played the movie, sitting back and settling in, Dean's hand instantly diving into the popcorn bowl on his lap. Popcorn flew everywhere, all over his pants and the couch, and it took all of his effort not to lose his patience.
“No,” the boy shook his head firmly, “he wouldn’t just disappear like that without telling me. Something’s wrong.”
He slowly walked further into the living room to where Gunner's crate was beside the couch, and had to stifle a laugh at what he found. He stood there and just watched for a few moments, enjoying himself, then gave the foot that was sticking out of the crate a little tap with his own and asked, "Cas, what are you doing inside Gunner's crate?"
Sam looked down at his phone, going over the article again, “Jerry Melden, he was sixty-five years old, he was the night manager here.”
“And you, Vincent,” the man smiled back at him, “some of our vendors are here as well, is it alright if they set up their tables?”
When Dean walked up to Crowley he had to laugh a bit despite everything that had happened in the last twenty-four hours. He was sure he had never seen such a look of genuine confusion on his face as he darted his eyes back and forth between the babies. "Is that…?"
“I also need to take Natasha’s laptop.”
Dean laughed, turning Sam and wrapping an arm around his shoulder as they walked back to the table, “I spoke to the Seer and I have made my decision.”
"And how do we feel about that?" Crowley asked, "You're now father to the creature who made your life a living hell for years, who tried more than once to kill you, and attempted to destroy the Earth. Doesn't it bother you to now be caring for the little hellraiser?"
“I can't do that, Dean, order has to be restored, and that means you down there and Sam up here,” he slowly inched even closer, “Sam will be fine, I promise.”
Dean just shook his head, thinking back. He wasn't sure if he should tell her, hell he wasn't even sure if he was ready to say it out loud himself. But he figured who better to bear it all to then Jody, a woman who had basically been his mom for years now.
I hope everyone liked it, and thank to everyone for reading and commenting <3 Love you guys!
"You have been touched by true love, Barbarian King." She removed her hand from it slowly, sitting back in her pile of furs.
“That's the wincest pairing.”
Sam nodded, he knew his brother was right. There was no extra land around them to be used, no men strong enough to fight for them, but then a thought came and he nearly shouted it at Dean, "The seas!"
On the day of his coronation the castle was filled with nobles and royalty, though there was not a smile in the room nor a lifted spirit as the young prince knelt before the priest. All the royal ladies in the lands were present and ready to make their best attempt at becoming the lands next queen, even if it meant being married to the unbearable prince.
The next morning Dean woke to the bed shifting violently, causing him to almost fall out and jolting him wide awake. Looking around for the fire he found Cas running around his room in a panic, grabbing his clothes and quickly dressing.
He left the two of them out there to talk while he finished up with a few stuffed animals and Jack's favourite blanket, then grabbed them both and made their way back outside.
The hunter reached a hand out to Sam's face but it was grabbed before it got to close. Dean took the hand he was holding and turned the hunter to face him.
Cas leaned in a little further as he winked and whispered, “Much sexier than any doctor or lawyer I know.”
Dean just smirked back and shuffled his feet slightly, then asked, "So, was it really good? My dancing?"
He looked once more over at Gabriel who gave him a fond smile, then back at Dean, “We shall see. Once the Gods help you make your decision, I shall make mine.” Sam then lifted his head to look at the sun now clear over the edge of the sea. “You should go, Brother, else you will be riding till nightfall.”
“There are none,” all three shot him a confused look, “Mr. Edlund booked our venue long in advance so that he could book the entire venue, including every room so as to make sure that the after hours hunt would not be disturbing any outside guests. All the rooms upstairs are empty.”
Chuck's fingers finally touched Dean's forehead, the room was filled in a blast of bright white light, and that was the last thing he saw before everything went dark.
"Daddy…" Dean thought as he watched another child, and another child, and another, all running towards him, same as the first young boy. Jumping at him as they all laughed. He threw each of them in the air one by one, kissing each of them as he did, listening to their laughter mingle with his own. A sound he felt he hadn't heard in a very long time.
The kid nodded once again but gave her a sad look, “The police already went through all of that information and cross checked it with the guests statements. No one was out of their room that night aside from Mr. Miller, who was in the bar down here with our bartender Hank. And the only one who had used the elevator since the afternoon was Jerry when he went upstairs to make his rounds. Sorry, guys.”
“Myself and these two guys are federal agents, and we are currently investigating some pretty strange things,” she thought how best to say it without scaring the poor girl too much, “so we're just checking everyone's computers in the area. I promise I’ll bring it back. And if you don't get your homework finished on time I promise I'll talk to your teachers about it, alright?.”
“I… I have to, Dean,” he shook his head, “I can't heal it, so just, let me do this. Please.”
“He's part of the Kansas State Ballet. They recently decided to move from their previous studio and are now taking up residence here. They are going to be performing The Nutcracker Ballet for Christmas.”
The lady at the booth nodded then pointed to the two sides of the table, “There's different versions as well. So here we have what's called cannon, that follows the plot line of the books, we also have alternate universe fics over here as well.”
He slowly started shuffling out, much to the very loud protests of the baby, "But Dean-"
"I…" He was going to tell Dean no, we're not having movie night, I'm having movie night. All he had wanted was a quiet night to himself, but Dean just looked so excited so how could he say no, "Yeah, sure, come sit."
Castiel nodded and took a few steps towards Dean who was still stunned, “I know that ballet is not exactly seen as manly, but you shouldn't be ashamed of letting people know it's a passion of yours. Though I understand having a father that would frown upon the decision.”
The docks were crowded now with not only the vikings taking part in the adventure to the new lands, but with loved ones as well. Wives, husbands, and children all gathered to say one last goodbye before watching the boats disappear on the sea's horizon. One could never be certain of two things when going on such a journey. The first being how long they could be gone from their home every time they left, and the second was one Dean had still not yet come to terms with accepting. Everytime they left their familiar shores it was a danger, and no matter how hard he tried, Dean could not save everyone. Not always would every viking make it home to hug and kiss their loved ones again. So he always told those travelling with him on such journeys to make every last second count, for one never knows.
“You could see it from the other side of the galaxy,” she placed her computer back in her bag and got up to stretch, “maybe they should read the books and see what we see.”
"Last night," Dean nodded.
“Ready to go, man? We gotta go tell Sam what we found out.”
“My what now?” She looked at the girl with raised brows.
“Since you would only burn them anyways, I did not buy more books, but,” she started rifling through the bags in her hands and pulling things out, “I did buy pretty much everything else! I got these impala socks, this necklace with a small jar of salt on it, this mug that when you put hot water inside shows the words to an exorcism, a hat that says ‘ballz’.” She laughed as she put it on. “A key chain that says ‘driver picks the music, shotgun shuts his cakehole’, these enochian symbol earrings, and look at these!” She pulled out several boxes shoving them at Dean, “These are called 'Funko pops', and they had one of everyone. You, Sam, Cas, Bobby, Jody, so I got them all.”
It was finally opening night and Dean had never been so god damn nervous in his entire life. He was currently standing backstage in full costume, peeking out the curtain at the completely full seats, people packing into the theater, and his heart was pounding out of his chest. Then he looked to the front row and saw his mom and Sam, sitting in the seats given to them by the directors, and then both Chuck and Metatron waltzed through the orchestra to introduce themselves to them. That made his nerves even worse, he was sure his heart was going to pop out of his chest and explode, and he had the sudden urge to whip off his pointe shoes and get the hell outta dodge. But then there were hands on his shoulders, rubbing up and down his arms, steadying and grounding. "Cas," he breathed and leaned back.
The two leaned in further, close enough now for their noses to be touching, but Dean waited for Cas to take the lead. This was at his pace afterall and Dean was going to make damn sure he didn't do anything to push Cas away.
“His name is Jack, he’s three, as you know, but,” Cas leaned in on the table as well, “Jack is not my biological son.”
He turned to Dean, giving him a thumbs up, then hopped into the boat. Dean shouted once more for the men to say their last goodbyes and board the longboats. He joined Sam and Gabriel in the lead boat, and just as the edge of the sun breached the horizon and was fully in the sky before them, they all set sail, heading off to a hopefully better future and a very bright destiny.
“That would be great.”
Sam laughed at Dean's rising anger at Cas's defence and raised his hands in surrender, "Alright, alright, whatever you say. But, here's my question." Dean waited, a little impatiently as Sam continued. "What does this mean for you and Cas? Are you… are you two… together? Are you getting together? Do you want Cas, Dean?"
“I hardly think this qualifies as decent talk for a first date.”
Dean shifted beside him then and removed a knife from his belt. He stepped towards the baby deer and Cas reached out and stopped him.
It was late afternoon before he finally reached the top, stopping only for a moment to awe in the splendor of the house of the Gods. A grand temple stood before him, said to have been built by Odin and his sons, come down to earth to gift them with this breathtaking magnificence.
“No,” the kid brought up a binder from under the desk and opened it up, “any time Jerry had any problems on the night shift, which was rare, he would tell Amanda the owner. And when there was some kind of incident it always got written in here. But the last entry was when he had to call the cops on a man that was causing problems in the bar. He was escorted out and we never saw him again, but that was almost eight months ago.”
“You know these agents, Mr. Edlund?”
An alarm broke the moment, ripping Dean out of his dazed euphoria and back to his unfortunate reality. He gasped and pushed himself away from a confused Cas and ran to his phone. His eyes went wide as he realized it was already after three in the morning. Sam was going to be getting up for work soon, and he still had to drive home and sneak into the house without Sam noticing. But he had been so caught up in himself and Castiel that he didn't even realize they had been dancing for so long.
Dean placed him on the ground and motioned for Jack to lead the way saying, “Take me to the hair gel!”
"Now slip out of your trench coat and suit jacket."
And the baby was making great progress too. With Amelia's advice and helpful tips, Gunner was doing well and his leg was healing quickly. Everything was going well, until they hit a small snag shortly after.
The two just stared at each other, the bond Cas had spoke of lighting the room with a fire that everyone there could feel.
A few weeks later and more trips to the park had still not gotten Jack to speak a word to Dean. Though he wasn't as skittish and would no longer hide when Dean was at the door, he still would not talk to him, and Cas was beginning to wonder if he ever would. Mind you, when Dean wasn't around Jack never stopped talking, he would talk Cas’s ear off all day. But as soon as Dean stepped foot in the house, Jack all but clammed up and just stared at Dean.
He had caught Dean writing it just before they left, and was able to catch a sneak peek over his shoulder without Dean noticing he was there. Sam also knew that Cas had most definitely already found that note, where he knew Dean wasn’t sure if he would. But it was no news to Sam that if Cas was in fact in Dean’s room, it would not have been the first time he caught Cas sneaking in there to grab a sweater or blanket of Dean’s to take to his own room. He was just glad that these two were finally going to get over themselves.
“Him?!” Metatron turned back to Cas who nodded. “Who even is he?”
The creature was making its way slowly to Dean and Sam thought that maybe this was it, this was how they were going to go out. A hunter's life was never a long one, he had come to terms with that a long time ago. But just before it got to Dean the door burst open and a figure stormed inside. Before Sam could blink the newcomer had gotten the attention of the creature, and when it threw its head back to roar, threw a spear hitting it at the base of the throat. The creature let out one last pained roar before falling to the ground and disintegrating before Sam’s eyes.
Dean wanted to spend as little time in the Bunker as possible. The bad memories as of late outweighed the good and all he wanted was to get in and get out. So after putting the sleeping babies in the lounge, he rattled off a list of things for Jody to find, and the two split up to cover more ground faster. And with the promise from Jody that if ever they needed something else from the Bunker, she would come get it so that Dean never had to come back after this. She could tell it was really hurting him to even be in here for this short of a time.
“Perhaps I'll see you again, at least I hope that I will,” and he couldn't help it if he blushed a bit too, then added, “and next time feel free to come in and watch rather than standing by the door like a creeper.”
“I… Cas, you have to understand my place. You’re an angel, you’re above all this but I’m just human. I did this for my brother. Maybe you don’t understand my actions right now but you have to know that it was for Sammy. I wanted a better world for him.”
«I love you too Dean.»
“Wait what? You thought about beers?”
“The tree grows really fast due to the Grace, we’re looking for a really big oak that wasn’t there a week ago. He must be magnificent, and in perfect health.”
“Cas, can you, can you stay with me tonight? I’m not feeling good right now and I haven’t slept properly in days.” Dean paused a moment because he was embarrassed and then resumed. “I’ve noticed that when you’re around I usually sleep like a baby.”
“I love you Castiel. Always have always will.”
Dean won’t admit it but the fact that he couldn’t move his hands was pretty hot. Only because it was Cas though. He trusted him no matter what, even if right now, the situation was a bit out of control.
Dean got closer.
«Oh Cas I’m gonna come! If you don’t want to… then…»
In a burst of dignity -or stupidity- he wasn’t sure, he straightens up as he can and starts yelling.
“What’s wrong?”
«Cas, I beg you, please you have to do something. I… I can’t bear it anymore. I … make it all go away please it destroys me.»
“I’m ok, I just need you, fuck me hard Cas.”
“I love you Dean, but you already knew that.”
Dean was obviously upset that Castiel pretended not to hear anything he just said but he kept it hidden like everything else.
moved and hugged Castiel. He could feel the warmth of the angel’s body, and he felt safe. He was no longer afraid of anything because he knew that Cas will always be there to watch over him. He knew that and, for the first time in a long time he felt whole again.
“You’re so good to me right now Dean, you’re beautiful, and mine. Do you understand what it means?”
“Okay, well it was nice, except for the part where she tried to kill me. But there was something else. It was like we weren’t meant to be, like something was missing.”
Castiel leaned himself and put a chaste kiss on Dean’s lips.
While he spoke, he was pushing Dean, forcing him to take a step back.
Castiel noticed that Dean was avoiding his gaze like he was embarrassed or something. Dean always talk freely about sex so why was he suddenly acting weirdly?
Suddenly, Castiel’s gaze was unbearable to support and the hunter looked down again. God, Dean felt himself becoming hard. Castiel’s rough voice and his intense gaze could turn him on so easily. Dammit, he though about being fucked right here in this alley where anyone could see them. He was unable to think about anything else now, and he was painfully hard. He couldn’t stop himself from moving a little to find some friction and he barely hold a moan which would have betrayed him. Cas was still staring at him, but his expression was different. Dean had the feeling to be completely exposed, it was like Castiel could see his every thoughts. Maybe he could, actually. We were talking about a friggin angel here. The simple idea turned the hunter on even more if it was possible. Oh jeez, he needed to find a way outta here and fast, otherwise he might just start to beg Cas to fuck him. The angel bent his head on the side like he often did, and Dean dared to look him in the eye again. This time, he couldn’t look away. He felt a strong current between them. It was impossible right? Castiel had no attraction for him.
“Yeah, I guess there's nothing more we can do here.”
And with that he left Gabriel and Balthazar to stand frustrated in the kitchen once again.
He shook his head trying to clear his thoughts. The Gods had given him much to think about, and he could not make his decision based purely on the happiness that the Gods think this man could give him, and so his decision could not yet be made. He knew that he had one more thing to do, he must make the half days ride back to Nazareth and seek out the Seer. Once he had conversed with them and gained their own wisdom on the matter, only then would he make his final choice.”
"Yeah," Cas panted into Dean's ear, "that sounds like a better plan. Let's finish this first."
“You, Barbarian King, have always been touched by the love of the Gods, but that is not the love that left this mark here. No,” she paused, taking a deep breath and reaching towards the mark again, though not touching this time, “this is the mark left by a soul deeply connected to you. A profound bond is shared between you and the one whose hand marked your skin in such a way, the strongest of bonds I have ever come to witness in my many years. This is deep love, Dean.”
"So, without further ado," Chuck said just before they backed away to duck backstage, "we give you, The Nutcracker!"
“You may not be able to kill me, Dean, but I can. And that's exactly what I'm going to do,” he moved to be a little closer to Dean, “well, kind of. See, while you've been up here living this odd little somber Winchester fantasy, Amara and I have been contemplating our existence. Everything we've done over the millions of years we've been alive, and we've both decided it's time. So in a way we are both going to be ending our lives, but we've decided that we want to live one more lifetime before we go, as the very humans I created. One more lifetime together as brother and sister before we let it all go and retire upstairs. Jack’s doing fine running Heaven on his own, so it's time. But before I do all that, I need to restore reality which means you can't stay up here anymore. It's time for you to go back down to Earth where you belong, Dean.”
"No," Sam shook his head, standing his ground, "I'm not switching spots with you. I'm going to sit here and watch the end of this movie, and I want to do it in peace and quiet. Got it?"
As she turned to walk back to her room, Dean caught sight of the front of her shirt, a familiar band logo on the front, and grabbed her arm turning her back, “Hey, is that my shirt? Did you sleep in that last night?”
“Are you going somewhere without me?”
Cas chuckled, his chest vibrating against Dean's as he did, and pulled Dean in even closer, "Wanted to do that for a very long time now."
“And who are you?”
“So,” she began cautiously, “is Cas coming by?”
He turned to leave, and this time he made it almost out the door before he was stopped again by Castiel. “Why will I never see you again?”
Cas smiled and accepted the ring, slipping it onto Dean’s left hand, copying Dean's action and placing a sweet kiss on it. “There, now everyone will know that you and I belong to each other.”
“It was a chimera,” she looked at Sam, then back to the spear in her hand and pointed to the tip, “the only way to kill one is to stab it through the throat with a lead spear, it poisons them. Now, if you'll excuse me, I’m leaving.”
“I do take you, Dean,” Cas took another step closer, now chest to chest with Dean, “and do you, Dean, take me to be your lawfully wedded husband?”
Jack looked up to Cas who nodded, and he ran off to sit in the sandbox in front of them.
He ran through the theater, asking everyone about Dean as the rest of the cast waited patiently on stage. Cas just stood there alone, worried, waiting along with everyone else, his body tingling with fear that maybe Dean wasn't coming back. Maybe this was it, maybe he had decided he didn't want this anymore, or his family didn't want it.
“Is… is Natasha in trouble?!”
While everyone was busy doing their own thing, Jack was sitting quietly in his chair sipping his juice from his sippy cup. And with one last tilt back of his cup, it was empty and he wanted more. With a quick glance to his daddy who was busy and not paying attention to him, he turned away and spied the jug of juice on the table… right next to Dean. But he wanted it.
~~~~~~~~~~~
“He is an amazing dancer,” Cas argued, “and he already knows the role, he would need very little training. Much less training then having to hire someone who might be a known dancer, but has never before danced The Nutcracker. And as you said, we don’t have much time.”
“Wait!”
Jack jumped up and down a few times in excitement before grabbing Dean’s pants again, “Will you come, Dean?”
“We’ll just have to have another one when you guys get back,” everyone lit up a bit at the thought, “I’ll let my parents know and we’ll set a date.”
“It's alright, Dean,” Balth was almost laughing at Dean’s panic, “when neither of you were answering calls or texts I called your house. Mary answered and told me that Castiel was with you passed out on the couch, I told her to just leave the two of you there. But a phone call next time would be nice.”
Dean took no time in closing the small gap between them and pressing his lips firmly against Cas's, his husband. And as his lips moved in perfect sync against Cas’s he couldn’t think of anything else except finally, finally Cas was his husband, finally they were married, and finally he was Castiel Winchester. Forever his Angel.
The eldest prince laughed over the stunned silence of the hall, then looked back down to the old woman, "You want me to let you stay here?! How dare you, old hag! I wouldn't even let you lay with the horses."
“Brother, have you your answers?!”
“We’ll be ready for him then!” John was in his glory. “And Sam and Adam are coming home this weekend too, since it's a holiday! And the family reunion is this weekend, there's festivals all around town, we’ll make sure Jack has a great time.”
“It kind of is,” then she turned back to Annitta and asked, “and what's this one?”
Amanda couldn't even say anything, she just nodded as she tried to hold the tears back.
A body then sat beside him, arm wrapped around his shoulder bringing his attention back to the present, “You okay there, buddy?”
The couple pulled back from each other and the church erupted in cheers and whistles as they walked hand in hand down the aisle and outside, their guests following them out. It was enough to pull Dean out of his mind, so he pushed off his spot on the wall and walked over to nudge Cas with his elbow.
Gabriel got up from his seat to stand next to Cas and leaned in to say, “I have said it before and I will say it again, marry him!”
"Thanks, Sammy! And I’m glad you're here cuz there’s someone I want you to meet," Dean said as he backed up, rubbing the back of his neck. Then he turned back and took Castiel's hand, bringing him forwards a bit, "this is Cas, the other lead and… and…"
He immediately pulled Cas into his arms and touched their foreheads together. "I'll miss you," he whispered against his lips.
“Yes,” Annitta smiled and moved her hand to the right, “it's called sabriel, Sam and Gabriel.”
“What's going on?! Are you alright?!”
She suddenly handed me the baby and told me she wanted me to make sure I was the one who took care of him, that I needed to be there for him and make sure he had a good life. She told me I had to be his father. I didn't know what to say, and just before she passed out she called a nurse over and told her that the baby's name was to be Jack Novak, my last name.”
“I don't think it was an accident,” Dean looked up to her and she met his eyes across the table, “it's been too long since we've all been together.”
Chuck shook his head at Cas then rounded on Dean, “Where did you train?” Dean just opened his mouth and closed it again. “Who trained you?” Again, Dean wasn't able to say anything, just stand there awkwardly. So Chuck turned back to Castiel and threw his hands in the air, slapping them on his legs as he let them fall.
"Yeah, of course," he shrugged, as if it was nothing new, "the kid was having a hard night, wouldn't sleep without us."
Cas nearly sighed in relief, he was so hoping Dean would say yes. "Great! Rehearsals don't start until seven tomorrow night, so come any time after that."
“Yeah, of course!” Dean smiled up at Cas, “It will give me a chance to get to know the little guy, and who doesn't love ice cream right?!” He then turned his attention back to Jack who was slowly but surely stepping out from behind Cas’s legs, enough so that Cas was actually able to get one leg free from his hold, “So, do you wanna come, Jack? There's also a super cool playground there!”
Slowly he made his way to the gold steps of the temple, and up to the majestically carved wooden doors that stood nearly as tall as the trees they were made from. Everytime Dean came to visit the Gods he was overtaken by the sheer beauty of this place, of the craftsmanship of the Gods, it could never compare to that of the human hand. He gently ran his hands down the intricate carvings on the doors, the stories of the Gods themselves laid out before him, and after a moment he pushed with both hands and entered the temple.
"Listen first," he moved to stand directly in front of Dean, placing his hands on his shoulders with a light shake, "I have seen it in a dream, Brother. Across the seas, a four days float towards the rising sun, there will come a land far more plentiful than any we have ever seen. The soils there are ripe with crops for years to come, pregnable where ours are not, our people will flourish in these lands long after we are dead and gone. Once we are settled there will be no starvation, no disease, no hurt, no heartache, Dean. And you!"
"Of course I've watched Harry Potter," he scoffed, "Hermione kicks ass! She'll be a good role model for the kids when they watch it with me when they're older.”
He remained in his place on the floor of the temple for a while longer, contemplating not only his new scar but all that the Gods had been so gracious as to show him. Maybe his brother was right, maybe their new lives did await them across the seas. Fertile fields filled with plentiful crops, thriving livestock, happiness, and that man. Never had he seen a more beautiful creature, never had he been so drawn in by anything more then the sea, but now blue eyes called his name even louder then the crashing waves ever had.
“It was a normal day,” he shrugged around a bite of his second tart, “but I did get asked out today at the park while I was getting lunch.”
“I know that's your name,” Carter rolled his eyes, “who are you supposed to be from the books? Are you trying to be Meg? Bella? Lisa?”
He tried asking Jack for help. Once he had gotten his bearings and put his thoughts back together after dying, he had gone to Jack and asked if he could bring Cas back. Use his powers to get him out of The Empty and bring his angel back to him. But Jack had only returned to Dean in Heaven with a solemn look and a shake of his head. If Jack couldn't bring him back then what hope was there. And so, for the most part, Dean walked Heaven with a heavy heart.
Dean spent the rest of his day thinking on all that had been shared with him, and by the time he walked into the dinning hall to join his brother and their friends, he had his answer.
“Perhaps their destiny lies with yours.”
Dean groaned, feeling himself get harder and harder by the second, thinking of Cas laying back in their bed with nothing on but his tie…
Dean couldn't help but chuckle too as he asked, "What?"
“That is actually very impressive, Dean! Ballet is not an easy thing to learn, and teaching yourself is quite a feat.”
Dean scrunched his face in distaste, "Father sounds so harsh. How about Pops… or El Padre!"
“That's not true!”
"Oh, is that all?" He joked.
Let me know what you guys think <3 Love you all!!
“He’s sleeping,” Balth sighed, “he was a little confused about why his daddy wasn't here to tuck him in but he's in bed now.”
"What is wrong, Priest?! I said finish-" The prince stopped dead as a shooting pain shot through his body. His hands fisted as pain clamped them shut and he watched as they turned into hair covered paws, pure black claws growing where his nails once were,hair covering every inch of his body.
The reply came so quick, Dean barely had a chance to blink. "Yes!"
"You know what?" She shook her head and placed her fingers on her temples. "I am done with this poor excuse for a ballet! Good luck putting on this shit show without me!"
