“Oh, come on, Tony. You’re one of the smartest men I know, this is going to be a piece of cake for you.”
“Tony, wait, I didn’t mean it like that –“ Steve begins to apologize but Tony ruthlessly cuts him off in a terse voice.
“Yeah, you could say that.” Past Steve agrees with a smile that’s enough to fool the camera as well as other people who may watch it but not enough to fool Tony. He’s seen his real smile enough to know that this one screams “I want this to be over soon.”
“Yes, easily. I can probably do it with my hands tied behind my back. Not exactly cost efficient but I don’t see how constantly managing another human in order to keep them alive is. There’s most likely another motive behind this. They can’t be doing this just because they want to save a few bucks.”
“That sounds great!” Steve grins like a kid preparing to open a present and then quickly adds, “not the Google part. I know how to use it.”
Footsteps above them signal that the people in the hotel room above them are also on their balcony. Soon enough, music starts playing, most likely from a radio considering the static that it suffers from every now and then.
Tony knows well enough that Steve is still awake, too, even though he didn’t sneak a glance at him yet. He’s willing to bet all of his money as well as his company on it. Back in Afghanistan, Tony would lull himself to sleep by listening to the sounds of Yinsen softly breathing while he slept, taking comfort in the sound of another human being in a cave so isolated and dark. He’s grown so accustomed to listening to it that he now knows how to tell whether someone is awake or not simply by paying attention to their breathing patterns, and to be honest Tony feels like it’s a talent that he could comfortably live without.
He tries to open the handle but it doesn’t budge. No surprise there. Bending down, Tony taps a few times on his watch, the gauntlet appearing over his hand. He waits as Friday reads off his strength percentage before finally putting his hand on the handle, pushing down with controlled strength. The lock breaks with a sharp and satisfying click but the handle remains in place.
“Get down!” Steve suddenly hisses and a rough hand on Tony’s shoulder shoves him to the ground before he can protest or ask what’s going on. As they crouch on the ground, Tony notices that the two of them are unusually close to each other, close enough to feel each other softly breathing, but he no longer cares as soon as he hears distant voices near the elevator.
he realizes at the same time he remembers that he didn’t disguise his voice. Thinking fast, Tony pretends to go into a coughing fit, making his voice hoarse on purpose in an attempt to disguise his usual quick snarky tone. “Do you know where the nearest CVS is? I got a nasty cough.”
Gripping the flash drive in his hands, he tries to reason with himself. Tony knows his way around Arc Reactor technology. No one else can substitute that kind of knowledge and it can be argued that it is essential to the mission. Whoever they shove Steve with after taking Tony away is most likely not going to know the things Tony does, even if Tony is allowed to keep in touch and advise them.
The words printed on the paper ring in his head like a church bell. His chest seems to ache with sympathy. A wave of nausea threatens to wash over him.
“Oh.” Steve wipes his mouth with the napkin the cashier gave him and that was the end of that situation. Still, despite that, Tony couldn’t stop thinking about it. He blamed it on the hazelnuts in his ice cream – lovingly named Stark Raving Hazelnuts. He had never really like hazelnuts. Yeah, that was
Tony ends the call before Fury can finish his very loving and thoughtful threat. By that time, Steve is done dressing up and looks at Tony in wonder, expecting some sort of explanation from him. Tony sits up and motions for Steve to hand him a thin folder, “Let’s take a look at this so we know what we’re doing. As much as I prefer to wing things, I’m afraid Fury will materialize in here and follow through with his promise if we don’t prepare.”
Tony can tell by the hesitation in his voice that his response isn’t one-hundred percent honest but he doesn’t push it, instead opting for searching for an escape. “Alright, let’s get out of here. I have what we need.”
His sudden movements didn’t seem to bother Steve one bit – the man continues peacefully sleeping, his chest rising and falling rhythmically with every breath. Tony watches for a few seconds, wondering if he has ever seen Steve look so untroubled and peaceful, especially after last night when he had such a wild and terrified look in his eyes. Then he turns away, softly cursing his sudden staring problem. Seriously, what is wrong with him lately?
They both fall into a silence that is quickly broken by the radio above them playing another upbeat song.
Tony throws a smug “I told you so” glance at Steve, who rolls his eyes. “I feel like we should have bet money on that. I’m in the mood to be ten dollars richer.”
“Our engine overheated. I think there’s a leak somewhere where all of the coolant goes out,” Tony explains quickly, keeping his eyes on the engine, “we’re going to have to wait and let it air out before I can work on it, otherwise pressurized hot coolant will spray on my face.” As much as Tony didn’t want to wait in the sun on an empty road (to be honest, he is very surprised that it’s empty. They got lucky and their address led them to the other side of the city but on barren streets surrounded by green and yellow grass that seemed to stretch for miles).
The rain relentlessly pours down on the hotel, giving the otherwise quiet room a soft pitter-patter sound against the window. The sky is a dark gray, almost a deep blue, and in the distance Tony can see the ocean’s waves wildly thrashing about. Barely anyone is outside and if they are, they are rushing against the wind, desperately clutching their hoodies to their heads.
“The plan? Haul ass! Get through the window, Rogers, I’ll go last. If they catch a glimpse of you and your super soldier muscles, we’re toast.” Before Steve is able to protest like Tony knows he would, Tony shoves him towards the window, and thankfully the urgency of his actions seem to register because Steve obliges and climbs through at a record speed.
“Oh, really? You think you know everything about me? Alright, since you’re so bored, how about we play a game?” Steve challenges and he catches Tony’s interest. Or at least that is what Tony believes catches his interest, and not the sudden change in tone or mischievous glint in his blue eyes. Yes. It is
The voices get louder. Panic begins to take a hold of Tony’s throat. Tony tries again but the window only budges a little, not enough to fully open.
“Left,” Tony whispers to Steve, quiet enough just so the two of them can hear it, “go left. There’s a small window there.”
“Don’t go after them,” he warns, and Steve turns back to look at Tony before he begrudgingly makes his way over to him. He looks at Steve through his cracked sunglasses. “You took your time getting here. What, did you stop for drive-thru?”
Tony flinches. These are the guys S.H.I.E.L.D. is after and to make matters worse, they know that they’re suddenly being investigated. That means that whatever they’re doing, they’re hauling ass to finish it. Unfortunately, that’s exactly what they tried to avoid.
Steve squints at his phone screen, “Sorry, where are you, Stark? I just see myself here. Wait…are you that tiny little speck there?”
The sunlight streams through the large windows of the ground level of the hotel, and the pearly white interior design doesn’t make it any less blinding. Barely anyone is around despite the free food, though Tony supposes that if they can afford a five-star hotel, then they can wake up whenever they please. Tony is relieved that there are no crowds – even if he is undercover, he still feels like he’s going to stumble across an over-enthusiastic reporter with so many personal questions that would make Tony feel like he has his own personal therapist.
Tony’s admittance of that didn’t seem to make Steve feel any better. He still held a frown that only seemed to deepen, blood trickling in a thin stream from the corner of his lips. Despite the fact that he was injured and not looking his best, Tony still couldn’t help but keep his eyes on him.
“Are you sure this is the right place?” Steve asks as he pokes his head out of the elevator, eyeing the dark room as a frown slowly forms on his face. They had no weapons on them and Tony’s Arc Reactor, which could have provided a light source, was covered by his suit, though that can be a good thing if they weren’t alone.
“Yeah.” Steve quietly agrees. “But we’ll stop them. We already know ten times as much as we did before we raided their secret base. Or, maybe not that much, but we still know a lot more.”
“I think I did great,” he remarks as the sign behind him finally crumbles into a dusty heap. “You did great, too, by the way. They have no idea who we are.”
Tony mentally congratulates, though he doesn’t say anything aloud and instead straightens his posture, clears his throat, and takes a much more careful and dignified sip of his coffee. His face continues to burn and he knows very well that it’s still red, which is why he is thankful for the chance to blame it on his near-death moment seconds ago if anyone asks.
Tony didn’t remember falling asleep but when he wakes up, he feels strangely well-rested. That is already enough cause for suspicion because he can count the days he woke up well-rested in the year so far on his fingers but he neglects to pay any attention to it, instead opting for nuzzling his cheek into his pillow and squeezing his eyes shut tighter. Maybe his body is finally paying him reparations for those insomnia-filled nights.
Steve was the one who dragged Tony out of the confines of the hotel room and downstairs into the dining area, where free breakfast is being served from seven to nine in the morning.
“He’s one of them. He said he recognized us as the people who stole the drive and tried getting past me but he sort of walked into my fist.” There’s something strained in Steve’s voice.
Steve notices their details first and he doesn’t hesitate to point it out, “Those must be fake ID cards.”
Suddenly he no longer has the desire to look at what’s on the flash drive. He already knows. That’s not the worst part. The worst part continues to haunt him, following him like a shadow.
Tony needs to take a walk. They’re still temporarily fired and he just needs the air, especially after his nightmare last night – not to mention that it will take his mind off of this morning. He snaps the watch on his wrist and makes his way to the door only to stop in his tracks as soon as his hand is resting on the handle, craning his neck to look back at Steve without having to turn his body away from the door.
Back then, Steve had told him that he wasn’t the person to make the sacrifice play, that he was selfish and only fought for himself. Now he had said that he believes Tony is better than he, himself, thinks he is. What caused the sudden change of heart? Surely it wasn’t just the wormhole incident.
“You don’t even have your tools.” Steve protests as Tony clambers out of the car and makes his way towards the hood of the car. “How are you going to fix it without them?”
It’s only after they stumble back into the hotel room, slamming the door behind them, that Tony realizes his hands are still shaking.
Out of the corner of his eye, Tony sees a tall woman running up to them and he recognizes her as the other person attempting to kidnap the kid. She stops beside the nerd, peering at Tony through her sunglasses. Her hazel eyes stare directly at his. “The damn kid got away…huh. You look familiar.”
“Oh, come on! Do you seriously want to sit in a car with me for hours? Think about it, Cap. Think long and hard. I might just have to kill you by the end of the first hour and I sure as hell will do it while a Britney Spears song is playing.”
But what will come of this groundbreaking new information? Suddenly, this mission became personal to one of the heroes. That’s the last thing any agency wants, especially one that wants to remain on the down-low.
Tony snorts and opens the file, skimming through the various papers that are held inside, which include a small handful of photos, though he mainly sees blocks of text. “I’ll be fine by myself, trust me. I’m the only one on the team who ever does the reading anyway. You do all the punchy stuff.”
“Why, yes, I can. Thank you for asking. I’m also digging the sass you have going on there. If there’s anything that you learn from me through this entire mission, it better be sarcasm.”
“There's a lot of confidence in that statement for one man. Anyways, sorry I didn’t follow the rules…and got you hurt.” Tony finally murmurs in hopes of changing the subject and thanking Steve for saving his ass. “You’re alright, aren’t you? I know you were playing up the theatrics but I saw blood.”
“Do you think they saw our faces?” Steve asks after a long moment of silence as the both of them prepare the hotel room for temporary lockdown, which includes shutting the blinds, drawing the curtains closed, locking the door, and putting a chair in front of the doorknob. The basics of temporary quarters safety.
“What’s up?” An officer casually asks as they walk in, kicked back in his chair, his eyes lifting up from his newspaper to briefly glance over them before returning to his reading material. A small rotating fan sitting on the large desk provides background noise. No one else is inside.
When Tony looks to the side, the cup of coffee on his nightstand stares back at him mockingly. His hand remains on his Reactor, in the same place Steve had put his.
As Tony turns around to face Steve, he almost cracks up at the sight his face, with his eyebrows furrowed and jaw tightly set, as if he’s holding back some choice words. “I’m starting to
“I’m so sorry,” he ignores Tony’s question and begins to apologize and even though Tony can’t see his face in anything other than the light of the Reactor and the faint moonlight streaming through the window, he can tell that it’s reddening. “I don’t usually have them on missions, and they’re not noticeable if I do. I’m sorry if I woke you up –”
He hears Steve murmur a retort but at that point, he is too engrossed in the files to pay attention. Names, dates, and addresses flash through his eyes but so far, nothing seems completely out of ordinary. Well, out of the ordinary in terms of criminal activity. It isn’t until a few minutes afterwards that something catches Tony’s eye, and he has to read it over a few times in order to fully process it. When he does, he feels a stone form in his stomach.
The nerd looks equally surprised. “Uh…what the hell is wrong with your voice, man?” Then, as if thinking better of it, he shakes his head. “Never mind. We have our reasons. We can make you keep your mouth shut permanently. Unless you want that to happen, run along and don’t tell anyone about this. We’ll know if you do. We’re everywhere around here. Shops, hotels, restaurants –
you.” The man with the glasses says, his emphasis on “help” sending off alarms in Tony’s head. Tony straightens up and slowly edges forward, making sure to look like a casual bystander as he catches more of their conversation.
His eyes catch the glint of the gun shining in the sunlight a few feet away from him and he desperately reaches towards it, only for the woman to step right on his outstretched hand, forcing him to yell out a curse. “For a spy, you’re pretty weak. Did they put you through any training wherever you work?”
Tony isn’t sure why but he feels more at ease with Steve behind the wheel than anyone else, even if Steve is out of his century. Tony has feared letting other people drive him places for years ever since the death of his parents and his kidnapping in Afghanistan, all of those occurring when he wasn’t the one behind the wheel. Tony usually refused to let anyone in the driver’s seat but the night before, Tony was the one who lunged towards the passenger seat as the two of them sped off with a large folder of files, and today seems to be no different. It’s curious, but Tony has a lot on his mind and he doesn’t have the time to analyze it.
“What do you think? I don’t know if you’re aware of this but you currently have no pants. Go shopping. Tell me what you like and I’ll buy it.”
The officer doesn’t seem too interested in looking at the badge. His eyes scan over it quickly before they glaze over with the same bored look he had before. “Who sent you?”
Then Tony briefly explained everything to Steve as they got dressed in their disguises (Tony wearing all black, topped with a leather jacket for extreme badass-effect, causing Steve to dress up similarly for the sake of them looking like they’re employees working in the same place), who didn’t seem to approve of the plan at all and made sure that he was vocal of that as they continue to walk towards the police station a few blocks away.
Tony pulls a small, golden key out of his back pocket and confidently stuffs it into a keyhole located below all of the floor numbers. The keyhole looked like its purpose is to open a system control for an engineer, but Tony’s been eavesdropping with a drink in his hand, finding out the true purpose, and with his wicked charm, he got his hands on the key. As soon as the doors close once again and the elevator lurches into motion, Tony stuffs the key back into his pocket and casually leans up against the right corner while Steve remains in the left.
“I have an entire laundry list, Rogers. Do you want me to read off every single reason why somebody like you should not trust me? Do you want to start with today’s incident or should I take it from the top?”
“The man we’re looking for mentioned the basement level as being off-limits and this is the last floor. Not to mention that I took the key from him with the old bump-and-apologize trick,” Tony points out as he casually makes his way out, motioning for Steve to follow him, and then he looks at the watch situated on his left hand, “Friday, any security cameras around here?”
The problem with Tony is that once he sets his mind on something, it’s difficult to talk him out of it. No matter how ridiculous or wild it is.
“They really weren’t lying when they said that they were everywhere,” he murmurs as soon as they are out of earshot, “knowing our luck, some of them might be employees in our hotel.”
The officer suddenly looks interested, but Tony can tell that it’s only because he has been told to keep his mouth shut about something. “Uh, yeah, sure. I’ll ask my boss to shoot him an e-mail to confirm that you were here. Just, uh, don’t go into the Confidential room, yeah? Wouldn’t want you guys misplacing anything there, boss likes it kept orderly.” He fidgets with his belt for a few seconds before drawing out some keys, motioning for them to follow him.
Casting those thoughts aside, he determines that the video is enough to keep their alibi going for the time being. As long as they don’t mess up anymore, they should be alright.
also, i absolutely adore writing interactions like these, where both are clearly pining but they don't know it yet and are just confused 24/7. it's so much fun.
“Ready? Yes, we are. We look like ourselves in business suits, and to me that’s nothing new, so I’m wondering how you’re expecting us to pull this off,” Tony muses as he watches Steve try to change something in his hair style in front of the mirror, snorting when the strands just spring back to normal, “I’d give us five minutes out there before someone recognizes us, and that’s being generous with my math.”
Steve offers him a reassuring smile and Tony takes it as forgiveness. As they drive closer to their destination, Tony is surprised to see that it isn’t a dark, looming building or a secluded laboratory like he expected but rather a three-story office building with faded letters on the sign beside it and a serious vegetation problem as vines seem to reach every crack and crevice of the building. Graffiti is all over the outer walls, painting the pale brown bricks of the building various different colors, yet those colors are slightly faded, too, most likely done away by time and weather. The windows are all in decent shape compared to the rest of the building, dirty and cracked in some places but overall in one piece. The nearby parking lot is empty save for a single beaten down car, most likely a desperate parking situation since Tony doubts there’s a space anywhere else.
Tony finds himself sandwiched all the way in the back of an elevator with Steve, who is equally uncomfortable, on his right side, and some tall stranger on his left. Tony sees Steve tug at the collar of his suit, most likely in an attempt to feel more at ease, but in this scenario, it seems nearly impossible. His gaze is fixated on the steel doors in front of them, as if the elevator doors are the most interesting thing in the world.
“Really? I thought that was one of the perks of being a supersoldier.” Steve teases back and before Tony knows it, he’s dumped on top of the sheets of his bed in an ungraceful heap. As Tony indignantly sits up, preparing to launch himself off the bed and do whatever it takes to get back to his earlier position, Steve manages to catch his attention once again. “What were you working on over there?”
“Don’t shoot the messenger, alright? We’re all on the same team,” she tries to assure them yet to no avail, “and waiting this out
The man beside him seems to take his silence as suspicion since he explains, “I made it myself, don’t worry. I don’t think I trust anyone here not to poison us more than you do. Anyways, I think whatever they hit you with made you drowsy. You passed out five minutes after we got here. I just thought that coffee would help.”
He feels a gentle yet solid whack on the back of his head from Steve and laughs. “Very funny, Tony. You know what, maybe you’re right. Oh, how will I ever be able to figure out how to use your technology? It took me hours to figure out how to turn off that SOS signal you sent this morning.” Steve’s hand buries itself in Tony’s hair as he messes it up, and Tony weakly attempts to bat him away, small hiccups of laughter escaping his mouth. “You’re not being fair. As if you’d be able to go a day without your little toys.”
“As long as the media believes it, then your bad guys will believe it, too. You’ll also find other necessary supplies in the folder I gave you.”
“Whatever you say, drama king,” he says in a smug tone of voice, one that makes Tony’s frown deepen but he pushes up his chair closer to Steve regardless, though he makes sure that they aren’t close enough to touch elbows and not invade each other’s personal bubbles. Steve pushes an egg aside for Tony and he murmurs a “thank you’ in response, and a silence falls upon them again, though this time it feels much more comfortable to Tony for some reason.
“That means that their base is somewhere nearby, right? All we have to do is find out more about them, find it, and infiltrate it.” Steve adds but then stops in his tracks as he notices Tony’s look. He raises his eyebrows. “What?”
He wishes he could laugh at the hilarity of the situation but instead he just stares at Steve’s face. The sheer determination it holds seems to pierce through his soul. His heart skips a beat.
Steve laughs. “Big man in a suit of armor, can you even reach my phone if I held it up above my head?”
“Don’t worry, I have everything handled,” Fury reassures him and before Tony can ask why, he explains, “Iron Man and Captain America are reportedly in Florida having the vacation of their lives.”
me updating this fic is the equivalent of me screaming into the void. local idiot man keeps updating this fic.
“At least we know one more thing about them. Whatever they’re doing, it’s still in the testing stages. That’s why they’re choosing people they think no one will notice.” Steve says. “But now we’ve noticed and they know it. This is the opposite of what Fury wants – he even warned us about this. We might make them slip through our fingers.”
Steve makes sure to toss his soaked jacket right in Tony’s face as soon as they get back to their room.
Finally, there was a light at the end of the tunnel. Steve made a right turn and that smaller street led to an emptier, calmer road with barely any cars traveling on it. Tony could have cried at the sight. They both breathed sighs of relief and laughed and turned the music up, trying to make the most out of their trip there, finally free from the clutches of traffic and the poor driving skills that plague the East Coast. Naturally, this type of bliss only lasted for fifteen minutes at most.
The woman speaks this time, her voice low, as if she is trying to deliberately keep quiet. Another alarm goes off in his head. “We need to get the kid out of here fast before people start waking up. Boss needs this one fast. He says we’ve got spies on our tails.”
“Nat said we should lay low until the next event, where they’re more than likely to be. I trust her, she’s done this hundreds of times before.”
Tony grins as he takes his phone into his hands, “Alright, you polite blonde boy. It sure as hell is funny, though.” Then, he finally slides the button to answer the call and gets off of the table only to dramatically drop on the bed, his back sinking into the mattress as one arm cushions his head, “Hello, welcome to Tony’s Pizzeria, may I take your order?”
Finally, by the third petulant whine, Steve huffs and drops his pencil. “Can you make it any more obvious that you’re bored?”
“It’s not my fault that they had so many options for toppings. It turns out that I have as much of a sweet tooth as you.” Steve looks at him and grins widely, some ice cream smeared on top of his lips. Tony’s heart seems to skip a beat. Steve notices his lack of response and he looks at him questioningly. “Tony?”
“We’re not the Avengers right now, remember? We’re undercover. And if they’re not hiding something?”
Tony is already searching the hallway stretching ahead of them for a room that has the word “Confidential” printed all over it. “Yeah, I suppose we were long overdue for a break. The guy is hiding something, I know it. Lucky for us, he’s not the sharpest tool in the shed. Told us exactly where to find it.” Finally, he stops ahead a door all the way at the end of the hallway, and ding ding, it has the word “Confidential” written in small, faded letters.
Three victims so far. They are of varying ages but all males and so far, all of them people with no known family. The files describe the areas they were found in, the way their bodies were discarded carelessly in street dumpsters, how carefully every piece of evidence seemed to be scrubbed clean from them, and a separate sheet of paper describes the injuries that they sustained.
“Leave me alone already! Don’t you guys have anything better to do? I don’t have any money.” Tony can tell that the kid is the one yelling and he looks up again, this time curiously watching them.
sleep deprived author plans on updating in a week, forgets that august 2nd is a week from july 26th, proceeds to haul ass to get the chapter done by august 1st. well, here you go! early chapter is up and at 'em.
He hears Steve snort and get up from the bed. Suddenly, the sun disappears, and Tony lets out a small sigh of relief. He lifts his arm from his head and sits up, noticing that Steve has a different outfit on – a white T-shirt and gray sweatpants.
“Well, you heard her. We have a week to lay low and get our shit together,” Tony says to Steve but he silently adds to himself,
Steve huffs as he does the same. “There’s absolutely nothing stopping me from doing that right now. In fact, it’s
Steve looks like he’s about to argue but to Tony’s relief he closes his mouth and nods. He leads the way, making sure to remain crouching down so they don’t alert anyone. In the corner of his eye, Tony can see flashlights beginning to turn on, and he’s glad that they’re closer to the far end of the room.
“Hey, I don’t know what’s down here other than the fact that it’s what we need to kick this mission off.” Tony says before he watches Steve tug at his collar again. “Do you wear suits often?”
Despite his curiosity, Tony simply makes an unimpressed noise, rolling his eyes as he turns his attention back to the window. “Whatever you say, Leonardo Da Vinci.”
“There’s a lot that law enforcement doesn’t tell us, Mr. Rogers. I feel like they’re hiding something that won’t make them look good. Anyway, it’s not stealing. We’re the Avengers. What are they going to say?”
Tony assures himself as he pulls out his phone and takes a few pictures of some papers he came across, promising himself he would read them later.
Tony pushes the file folder through the window first before he starts to climb up as well, wincing as some broken glass digs into his hands. By the time he scrambles out onto the pavement, Steve grabbing the files and also reaching out to help him up (though Tony rejects his hand), a bright white light streams through the broken window, followed by shouting and a string of colorful words.
His voice cuts off as Steve shuts the front door behind them and they both quickly jog away from the station just in case the officer wants to get up and put up a chase – as slim as those chances are considering how comfortable he looked. As soon as they’re a good distance away and mingled into the crowd, Tony slows down to a walk. He feels as if something is weighing him down and this time, it’s not the Arc Reactor.
Behind him, he hears Steve gather his papers, stuffing them back into his drawing pad before he closes it. The art session is over and apparently, so is the conversation between them.
Tony counts the seconds in his head in time with their rapid footsteps. His chest begins to ache as his lungs, with their reduced capacity due to lack of space as a result of the Arc Reactor imbedded in his chest, protest against the small amount of air they’re getting. Steve is much faster than him and Tony knows that he can easily outrun him, but for some reason Steve stays in close proximity.
Steve seems to be doing his absolute best to ignore Tony. He sits on his bed, paying no attention to the storm outside, focusing instead on his drawing pad. Whatever Steve is drawing there is a mystery to Tony, but he does notice the colored pencils sitting by his side.
Tony chokes on his coffee. He pounds his fist against the small space above his Arc Reactor and below his throat, coughing and feeling his face redden as he attempts to get air back into his lungs. Naturally, Steve is useless in this situation, simply standing next to him frozen as if he got transported back into the 1940s. Tony finds himself glad that he isn’t lending a helping hand, though, since he is 99.9% sure that a slap on his back from Steve would cause all of his bones to shatter. He has enough problems as it is.
Tony waits until the car eventually stops before he casts Steve a knowing look, “I told you so.” As much as he wants to continue to gloat, however, he feels a twinge of guilt settle in his chest as he watches the corners of Steve’s mouth drop to form a frown as he shifts it to park, just so they wouldn’t roll away. He looks so
“No!” Tony shouts before he can think about what to say and clamps his hand over his mouth as he does, softly cursing himself for letting that outburst happen. In a much calmer yet strained voice, he explains, “We have until May 1st, which is the day of the next Gala event and the day we’re finally free from our imprisonment. We’ll go through what we have now and then take a look at it. We’ll need some sort of entertainment for the next couple of days.”
He doesn’t bother leaving a note. He doubts that he’ll be outside for long. If anything, he has his watch.
“You sign your texts with ‘sincerely, Steve Rogers’! Who does that? You don’t need to do that, Steve, it’s a text message, not a letter to the Queen of England for God’s sake! Clint texts me in just emojis and somehow
Curiosity gets the best of him and Tony leans forward to look at Steve’s phone screen, too, and he regrets it instantly. The photo depicts a full-suited Captain America and Iron Man lounging on some chairs on the beach, drinks in their hands, looking like they’re having the time of their lives.
“He started it.” Tony stubbornly huffs as he also sits up, the bed making creaking noises as he does so. He tries to forget about that moment as quickly as it happened and that’s easy to do since the subject matter changes back to something more serious.
Steve smirks mischievously. “We’re right next to the beach. I don’t think anyone will bat an eye at me. What, are you jealous?”
“Not that what you stole was valuable,” the nerd chirps, “I don’t think you would have understood it. The Avengers might but they’re not going to bother with us. We’re too underground.”
what he’s doing. For a handful of seconds, Tony’s method works like a charm, but eventually Steve ends up besting him and he throws his head back as he groans in defeat, “Okay, okay, fine. Just one. This is manipulation at its finest, I hope you know that.”
want to try your own ice cream flavor? And what are you, a nutritionist? Am I going to be seeing you making salad commercials now?”
Finally, Tony’s words seem to reach Steve. The taller man’s expression suddenly changes, from close guarded terror to a mixture of relief and confusion. “Tony.”
“I’m alright. Tell me about what happened, then. You didn’t go picking a fight with them for no reason.” Steve says and Tony resists the urge to call him by his rightful superhero name, aka Captain Obvious.
As soon as Tony had confirmed their next move to Fury, who approved of it, they grabbed their fake I.D.s and left. They had no time to waste and Tony was itching to get things done. Naturally, they got stuck in bumper-to-bumper traffic for at least an hour or two – perhaps even more! – and Tony made it a habit of letting out some colorful words while Steve seemed to be resisting the urge to hit a hole through the steering wheel. The sky, now a headache-inducing bright blue rather than painted with the pale orange and yellow colors of the sunrise, made Tony glad that he is a sunglasses enthusiast.
“Hey, can you blame me? You always told me that modern technology is out of my league. Oh, how can I ever figure out the zoom function of a phone? I can’t even figure out how to call people on it!”
“I .. I have half of the time stone ! Steve I need to go to my lab now !” Tony tried to stood but Steve pushed him and make him sit again
Tony had slept that day hardly, he had three nightmares. When everytime he wakes up, he find himself alone and feeling their hands on him.
“Woah ! You want me to play that dirty game on the love of my life ?! Huh hell NO !” Steve said and he wanted to go but she pulled his wrist to stop him
Natasha for sure was in a serious situation. He was ok, he was a wake. She was not ok, she just passed out.
He was hungry and that's ain't new, he used to be hungry through the past month, or better say he hadn't eat for three days but that's ok as long as they're fine.
Peter was being tied again, Frost had left before hours, he cannot let her hurt the soldier. God, he had been through enough.
And suddenly he was on the floor with his back pressed to what ever it was and someone was touching his face.
"Enough,he's a kid. Don't forget." Frost pulled her wrist roughly and looked her dead in the eyes, she just kept looking at him for moments, then she nods and left.
And there’s a big difference between Tony and Sharon. Tony always loved the way Steve’s brade will tickles him and he warned him to not shave it and Steve did he never shaved it .
"You're pathetic! Don't call me 'brother' cause I'm not your fucking brother! You never made me feel like I was a son or a brother in that home! I don't wanna go back!" Loki shouts back and Tony felt a disturbance for them.
“Sections 4 never get closer to them. They’re so damn bastards. They like to make a lot of troubles to section 1 and 2 wich mean our sections “
When Tony saw Peter hugging Thor and Tony felt like this is his own fault. Peter should be living with him now .
Steve rushed to him and pushed Pepper away, "Tony! Hey, you're with me?" Steve didn't care about the tears that fall from his eyes. Tony smiled to him and nods slowly, Steve fights himself and he didn't hug him.
“Just tell me if you want someone to fuck you ! You’re a whore Tony ! You let everyone fucking you even your father . I’ve seen so much dirty people but you’re new . You’re the worst. You’re just a trash . I’ll make you feel better...”
She pulled a knife from her pocket and she wanted to cut them but the knife was only tickling him. Everyone was surprised even Tony was surprised.
“Oh Sorry ma’am ! I don’t give a fuck about her ! Tony is sick and he’s important to me !” Steve didn’t mean to snap at her but here he was .
“Proud of you! Yeah yeah ok! I got it!” Tony snapped at his father. He never liked the military he was so peaceful he won’t hurt a fly. But it’s like always his father gets him into troubles saying he’ll be proud of him.
"I can't wait anymore. I need to get them back. I don't know what's happening to Peter and Bucky. Even though Winter is so friendly with us, that doesn't mean they can't control him again."  Tony said and tried to free his forearm from Steve's tight grip.
“Steve? Steve please help me!” Tony was pleading him but Steve smirked when Sharon started laughing and they give him his back and leave him .
Tony was about to push Thor away and hide for the rest of his life. How could he let his guards fall! Of course Thor will say that Tony is a weak person and they'll kick him out of the team.
He opened his eyes and a tear slipped from his eye, Thor wiped it with his thumb and then he lifted Tony and took him inside.
“A-Are you ok ?” Steve couldn’t help his voice is shaking but Tony smiled to him . How could he still smiling to him after just what Steve did to him ?
“Tony no ! If someone has to leave then this one should be Steve or Sharon or maybe all of them but .. Not you Tony “ Tony looked up at Loki and he just needed a hug . Loki can read like an open book so he smiled to Tony and opened his arms to him . Tony was greatful for that and he hugged Loki who just kept holding him .
“Good for you Sharon! You taked the person that I always loved! But I’m not going to let you take my son away from me!” No he can’t do it.
"Hey there, baby." He spoke so softly and she looked at him with wide eyes and holds his finger. "Already tired, May?" She smiled and he couldn't help but leaning down to kiss her. Then he give her back to Loki.
What she's talking about? It's all he can think about,she's so Idiot! Everyone is in the tower and they could kill her without blinking, especially Natasha. And why she hates a super hero? She looks so young, how old is she? 20? 22? There's alot of ideas running through his head right now and he was pulled out of it by her talking,
So now just because he disappoints them, Clint is going to ignore him? It's hurt so bad. He started rubbing his chest trying to ease the pain in his heart.
“And I don’t know Peter anymore “ Tony said and Steve laughed and kissed Tony and Tony melted into the kiss
Bucky’s eyes were full of happiness, guilt and sadness in the sametime and it’s breaking Tony’s heart. “Thank you, Tony.” Tony nods to him and turns to face the other avengers.
“Sharon? Leave them!” He doesn’t want her to touch them. instead he wants Steve to touch them and not her. God! He missed Steve so much.
Tony felt himself shaking. Fury? Why? And why he went straight to Steve? There’s no men in the earth only Steve what the fuck?!
Tony Take a step forward and kissed Steve he pushed him to the couch and was on top of him he bites Steve’s lower lip and Steve just couldn’t understand what’s going on .
He screamed in pain cause dah this is Thor the strongest one and he was beating someone weak like Peter, he’s right how pathetic!
He saw how the angel’s wings be they were so beautiful and pure white . In the other hand the demon’s wings are black and like the bat’s wings it was scary.
“So did you see that they don’t care about you ?” A voice suddenly said to him and Tony jolted and was looking around to see who was talking.
“Steve you basterd! Wake up I need you to bring me Peter! I’m sorry I’ll forgive Bucky just wake up. I-I’m lost without you Steve I need you...” He start giving up on Steve and his voice was getting lower and lower with every word.
Why they’re looking at him like he was a parasite! Did he do something wrong? No matter what is it he’ll apologize for it.
After days passed, weeks and now months. Tony is getting better and to their surprise he wasn’t drinking, but sometimes he’ll cut his wrists and soon he stopped doing that.
Bucky was standing at the door and a gun in his hand he was looking at them and no one can read what he’s thinking about .
“That’s ENOUGH!” Rhodey snaps and shushed everyone. Tony didn’t even notice that they were arguing. “All of you going to work things together! You’re all made mistakes! It’s not only Tony who made it! Steve and Bucky made mistakes too! You little butch witch, made mistakes and killed dozens of people! So I’m going to calm the fuck down and try not to kill you when I see all of you against Tony.”
They were eating together or better say only Bruce eating cause Tony was just playing with his food .
“You’re a whore.“ Instead Tony couldn’t find anyone to hurt only Sharon. So she’ll pay what she did to him .
How’s he gonna make it? How should he do that? It’s hard, he’ll face them and maybe they’ll try to kill him again or maybe they’ll kick him out of the team if he had one panic attack; and then there’s Bucky, how’s he supposed to face that man? What if he tries to kill him again or worse! Maybe he’ll be a couple with Steve? This is the worst nightmare for him.
Loki take a long breath then he pressed kiss on Tony’s shoulder and Tony was closing his eyes and he was shaking .
When he back to his bedroom to find Tony is waiting for him with that beautiful smile playing on his lips . Steve could feel nothing but guilty.
“It’s hurt Tony... make it stop please! I know I’m nothing without the serum, I know that I’m a weak person, but please Tony? I– I hate to see his face in pain in my dreams and I hate to see her face in my dreams cause they’re always in pain and it’s because of me.” Tony’s heart broke and he cupped Steve’s face so now they were looking at each other and then he kissed him. The kiss was hot and Soon they were both naked and Steve was leaving bruises every where.
So he pushed Tony's shoe from him and when he stood by accident he pushed Tony what gots him to be slapped again.
“No ! No ! Steve please  don’t leave me come back please babe!” He was shouting and crying cause they’re back to torture him
“Tony ? What’s wrong ?” Natasha asked she was really worried about him like the others they were looking at him
“It’s ok uncle Stephan. You know that I'll be ok right? You can go, they won’t hurt me again.” Peter comforted him and Stephan pulled Peter into a warm hug and Peter blushed but hugged him back.
Them they were celebrating and Steve’s heart was with Tony he was afraid that Tony will do something wrong.
He was thinking abouteverything (Peter,Hydra,Sharon,Steve,Strange, Natasha and alot of other things) But he didn’t mean to fall a sleep and his head resting on Stephan’s hand.
He closed his eyes but all he can see is Tony and Thor doing all the thing they used to do together .
He couldn’t take it anymore he opened his eyes to see Natasha standing beside him and he wasn’t surprised to not notice her coming.
“Steve you promised me you will put your job first ! “ Nick said slamming his hands on the table and Steve just nodded again .
“Lovely “ Thor whispers in his ear and lick it . Tony dropped the cup from his hand . and then he heard Steve’s voice and he jumped.
“I wanted you to do only one thing and all you did is disappoint us! Why he’s even between us Tony? I don’t get it!” Hearing this from Steve the lovely dad he’s, from Captain America the greatest man ever is still hurting.
“What was THAT?! Why did you do that? We don’t even know what’s the story is!” Natasha was screaming at them and Wanda was still shocked by Tony’s emotions.
Why are you acting like you care ? Seriously all of you ? You’re acting like I’m important to you and you’re going to broke me soon enough? He choose Steve on Stephan Strange. Stephan was really a good friend and he could be a perfect lover but yet he choose Steve on him cause there’s no way someone could treat him better than Steve even when they’re fighting even when Steve saying really hurting thing to him . But ? Why can’t Steve choose him on Sharon  ?
Yet , He knows that Peter wasn’t alone cause he got Bucky . The kid was never the same after his aunt’s death.
And he did, She wrapped her arms around him and he rested his head on her shoulder. He realized he missed being touched and being warm. The last time Natasha touched him was in the garage when she was pressing her heel on his chest, he closed his eyes and took deep breath.
“I... Sorry sir nothing happened.” The (sir) word spilled from his mouth without thinking and it’s shocked Thor.
“I’m not going to ask you again sweetheart. But what’s wrong Cap?” And suddenly the soft voice and the nice treatment. What a fake!
Why so suddenly like that? They were just a happy family, he loved his parents and they loved him back.
“Thanks for the gun darling.” Tony was afraid of this. If they found him running out of this place they’ll rape him.
Then Steve came and did not make any difference whether he fell in love with this man who reminded him of his father when he told him you are a loser .
"I could have lost you. I can't even imagine what I would do without you babe." He leaned down and kissed his husband's forehead.
Tony tried to stay on as his feet but he couldn’t stop the headache or prevent his body from shaking .
“ I’m not responsible about what happened I swear . Please believe me . Steve?” She asked Steve who was feeling not to stand in Tony’s face when he’s angry .
He felt safe again but this feeling was taken away from him when Tony pulled his hair and they were laughing on him.
Tony smiled to him and Steve smiled back but he wasn’t expecting to be kissed in the middle of the dance floor
"W-why you're saying that? Dad I love you i-if I was just you know some weight on you y-you could tell me and I promise you that I'll leave." He was shaking by now.
"You know I asked your dad the same question and he was in pain... you know what was his answer?" She asked and he looked at her and she continued "He said 'Always' just like you... I know you're in pain Pete just tell me what happened... don't tell me what happened actually, but tell me who's the reason behind everything and I promise you I won't tell anyone and I'll take care of everything just please Petey?" He shook his head and stood. He knows that if he tell her now then he'll have to stop her from killing them.
Tony really wasn't in his full strength, when was the last time he ate something? When was the last time he got some sleep?
“W-what is this shit Peter?” Tony asked and Peter sirs and pulled the blanket to his body again and ignored his dads.
“Thanks Nat” She hugged him and he hugged her back but Tony couldn’t see them he was so shocked that the avengers
He looked at his wrists there was nothing. he was sure that he cutted them . He was breathless. Who was this guy ? And What happened?
“We have to end this war before it’s happens!” Vision continued and Tony was confused what war they’re saying about .
Steve tipped Peter’s chin up to make eye contact, but Peter closed his eyes cause he just couldn’t do it and better say he mustn’t do it, Steve will know if he looks into his son’s eyes.
“I’ll make more breakfast cause ya know..” Peter points at Bucky and Bruce who were fighting for food.
"I heard my baby's voice! My angel is here!" Tony's head shows and Peter run to him they hugged eachother and again Bucky groans and Steve was watching them with his adoring eyes.
“Tony babe ? Tony open your eyes. It’s just a dream I’m here with you “ Steve said holding Tony’s hands to stop him from hurting himself.
“Tony it’s not like that. I know who you are, I don’t care about your parents or about your teammates–”
“It’s just w-when I was in bed with her I turned to Hulk and it’s still hunting me... I can’t forget about what happened Tony! It’s hard really hard. She was so scared, she told me to never talk to her again. Do you know what’s worse than what happened? It’s hard to get near anyone again, I felt that I’m a monster Tony...” Tony knows that Bruce was talking about his ex. God he wishes that he knows what’s she was thinking about. He hates her for hurting his best friend.
“Tony we need to be together to get out of this trouble “ Steve said and Tony nodded before he pass out
“Ok? Then when can we find our rooms ?” Tony asked and Clint laughed on him. Tony and Loki were confused now why this man is so idiot.
Tony giggled and puts food for both of them. They sitted together eating peacefully and with Bruce talking about some projects and Tony looking at him smiling and nodding.
"Fine, but on one condition." She says and he knows he already win the condition so he starts dancing the victory dance and she laugh. "Give me a kiss." She pointed at her cheek and he hurried to kiss her. He kissed her once and twice and theird until she pushed him giggling.
“Guys I don’t want anyone to know about that . I have you and that’s enough for me . You can protect me right ?” Tony asked and already knowing the answer so he was smiling to them and they smiled to him .
I missed them, They act weird everyday in the same time at 7:00 pm, they’ll leave to dad’s lab and I don’t know what are the doing and I don’t want to know. Cause when they leave that’s mean I can rest and heal my wounds.
And suddenly Tony wasn’t thinking about anyone he was just enjoying to hear the heartbeat of Thor’s.
When they go back to eat Tony told him he was happy because Steve with him and now Steve is hurting him he looked at Natasha to tell her that I can’t hurt him . You go and fuck that bitch .
She opened her eyes cause she felt his presence and she looked at him and smiled that smile again. She was winning this war and he couldn’t do anything about it . She moaned and pulled Steve closer to her . Tony’s tear rolled down his cheek before he decided to leave them continue what they’re doing.
"At least take me with you, please?" Bruce asked coming with him cause he knows that he can't stop Tony.
“That’s was my pleasure boss.” His AI sounds so sad and broken. He smiled and closed his eyes cause he felt that he’s tired now.
“It’s been three days since the last time you eat something. And maybe it’s been week since the last time you got sleep.” When Tony said what he was thinking about Bruce start laughing and Tony wasn’t.
“I- I don’t get it, What do you mean by spell? Sharon is involved in this right?” Peter asked his voice so low like it’s never going to be loud ever again.
"Tony calm down." Bruce ordered but no one listens to him except Steve who tried to push his husband back.
"It's not your fault." He looked up at the sound. Thor, of course he's trying to make him feel better.
Loki remains Tony in him self, both of them got the 'daddy issues'. Odin was harsher with Loki, and that's not nice at all! He broke Loki and now he wants him back?
"It's about Peter." Tony said and Loki can't blame the man for his shaking voice and body. He was so scared that he's the one who hurt his son.
He give him his back and he can feel Tony’s shocked expression. But yet Tony hugged him and kissed his shoulder . Nat you’re so wrong For this reason Tony and I are the best couples !
Steve had left him in the time when he needed Steve the most . He doesn’t want to forget Steve but Steve is the one who’s forcing him to get over him .
“Oh my god ! Steve I’m so sorry. You did this for me ?” Sharon kissed his hand again and Steve was about to say I did this because of you , Because you destroyed the most beautiful thing in my life . But he just nodded to her nd the next thing he was in the bed with her having sex .
'Hi dad, hi pops I wanted to tell you that you've been controlled by pop's ex?!' He shook his head"No, I'm not going to tell them. I'm not ready yet."
Peter fall to the ground, tears already falling and he was shocked. “W-why uncle Loki?” Yeah he knows that he betrayed the kid’s trust, but he had to.
He watched as the kid, Peter, clutching to him and crying saying they won, and the Rhodey and Pepper pulled him off of Tony.
“Sections? why how many sections are there?” Loki asked and Clint seemed he doesn’t like Loki and Loki give him the same look Clint was giving.
“Promise me anything happens to you jiat run to me and I’ll protect you Peter.” Peter nodded his head and Stephan wiped Peter’s tear then he kissed his forhead and leaft him with the passed out avengers.
It's been a week and he got scolded in front of everyone because he didn't tell Clint that he was shot. Then he got grounded and he was shocked.
“I wish I know that before Tony ! Cause I love you too ! Please don’t leave ! we could be beautiful together I promise you “
“Why did you take me with you ? all I want it is just to stay home but you ? you decided to kill me . Why Mr Stark ? “ Peter asked also walking to Tony
He opened his eyes and took a deep breath. That’s right, because of him all of them died, his mother, his father, and of course May and Ben too.
Peter the hand that's brushing his hair and kissed it. "Dad stop blaming yourself. I'm glad you're alive and I'm glad you come to me and burned the base. What happened wasn't your fault or anyone's fault- God aunt Tasha stop looking at me like that, It's not your fault! Seriously guys, I really love you and I know you'll never do something to hurt me even on purpose." Peter says and squeeze Steve's hand for support, but he didn't receive the support he was expecting cause Steve Rogers was giving him the puppy eyes who was kicked.
“Tony? Fury called me and Steve for a mission and when he told us about the mission it was to earn Sharon’s trust by getting closer to her just for Hydra and no one can do that only Steve,”Natasha start to explains to him.
He heard how Peter was hurt, but he just needed to see what happened even if it cost everything. ‘Then I’ll do it in the hard way.’ He told himself and disappeared to show in front of Peter who jolted and was about to fall, but Loki hold him.
"You know that you should tell them about what happened?" Stephan said and Peter sighed. He wasn't in the mood to talk about it.
Peter starts waking up and the headache is killing him, god knows what she has done to him and why he's feeling like there's some serious injury inside him.
“Come on Sam you’re like Natasha and Clint . You don’t care about me and Tony . I don’t want to be strong while he’s in pain on the bed “
“Hey doll, you’re safe. No one is going to touch you sweetheart. You’re safe.” Bucky started whispering in Tony’s ears while Clint was rubbing Tony’s back.
“You’re just a bitch like her and you know that.” He send her a warning look and he knows that he’ll regret that later but for now he can’t control himself.
Tony’s tears start falling and he go to take a shower then the door opened and Steve entered the bathroom Tony wanted to hide his wounds but he was too late .
But no they don’t have to keep him away he can’t fight this war anymore yes he’s giving up on Steve cause if Steve’s happiness was with Sharon then let it be he will leave without hurting anyone. He was never enough for Captain america, For Steve Rogers. For the Avengers.
Peter is the most important person to Tony and now of course he’ll never talk to his son or look at his son in the eyes.
“W-Who are you ?! What do you want from me ?!” Tony asked he was shaking and feeling cold and he was so scared.
It’s hurt hearing those things from Steve, but he deserves it in the end. If making sex with him make Steve calm down then he’ll go for it. If it’s make Steve feel better then he’ll go for it. He broke the kiss to breath and Steve started kissing his neck and he moans softly when Steve started leaving his own mark on Tony. Steve was holding Tony’s wrist above Tony’s head in one hand while the other was opening the first bottoms of his shirt and again they were kissing.
Steve the other wasn't in a better situation, the tears falling silently while he's holding Tony's hand.
“Dad enough, please.” He sighed and stood. he knows that he can’t walk away without telling them anything but there’s no lie in his gead right now so he had to.
“Steve found you on the floor and the doctor said that you have to rest “ Bruce said smiling to Tony and moving the hair from Tony’s face
He felt Steve nudjing him, he looked at him and Steve smiled, he couldn't help but smiling back and squeezing Steve's hand that never left his.
He took ofd his shirt and his body was like a map. He cursed under his breath and kept looking at his body.
He was in Afghanestan and they were torturing him burning him hurting his heart . he was hurting but this was new Steve was Standing besides Sharon and they’re both looking at him
“We all know our Tony will give up if he found out that you don’t love him ! Don’t! Don’t cut me I know you’ll say that you love him and we all know that you are “ Natasha rolled her eyes
“Then tell us baby, I promise you if you wanted to tell only Tony then I’m ok with that we just want to help you.” Steve was calm instead of panicking like Tony.
"Maybe You should see a doctor and check your brain cause I can't talk with someone crazy like you. Loki you could never be a goo-" he couldn't finish what he's saying for the second time because Thor pushed him to the wall and he was choking him... Again.
“This is the first time you’re dreaming that I’m leaving you “ Steve said looking at Tony and Tony took a shaken breath and he smiled to him .
Once Thor left him, he fall to the ground coughing and trying to breath. His hand was touching his throat and he closed his eyes to prevent his tears from falling.
"Hey love, you're a wake?" Tony asked him brushing his hair then leaning down to kiss Peter's forehead.
“Guys Hydra tried to attack Peter! Not spider man ! Peter! I don’t know how did they know about him being Spiderman !”
Thor and Loki? What are they doing? Why they’re here? There’s nothing to do right here, they should be in Wakanda away from him. He’s weak, he can’t save them if something bad happened, hell he couldn’t save himself.
“I need you Why you’re not here!? I fucking need you right now! I-.. I need a shoulder to cry on where the fuck are you! I hate you!” He kept crying on the floor until he was exhausted and slept.
Then they stopped suddenly and Peter was on the floor he looked at them and they walked out of the door but to his surprise he saw the others following behind Steve and Tony. There’s something wrong! It’s like someone is controlling them but right now he didn’t care, all he cared about is to run for a safe place!
“Oh sorry ‘bout that you know that we’re the same but I don’t have Fury to brake me like he did to you.” Her eyes widened at Tony and then she nodded to Clint who punched him in his stomach. Tony wanted to fall but Clint hold him.
“It’s ok if you can’t walk Beloved.” Tony nodded and let the two gods take him away. He was ready for them to storm him with their shouts and their mean words. And he knows that he deserves it.
He can’t hurt Tony anymore. He had enough. When he was a kid and they’re hurting him . Tony’s father was a demon he raped him . And in Afghanestan they tortured him they’ve burned him and They tried to destroy his beautiful heart! After that what Loki did to the earth he made him feel like it was his own fault. And then ultron came and everyone said that it was Tony’s fault. Then the fight in Berline after that the fight in Seberia had broke Tony completely . After that Thanos come and he was a nightmare to Tony but after that they win again.
"Peter! Don't do that! It'll hurt them and .... and the last thing I want to see is Tony being hurt again." His voice at the end was like a whisper. Peter felt guilty and he stood to give his uncle hug to comfort him.
“My ass. I’m not going to let you do something with them!” He warned her, but she ignored him and she started touching them.
“I’m sorry baby! Why didn’t you tell us so soon about it!?” Pepper said and started to play with his hair, at first he tensed up but then he let her.
“I told you to back with the others ! I told you to go back with them all ! but you ? you decided to do what you want ! you’re killer” Stephan said walking to Tony and Tony taking steps back
In the second time they had sex was in the avengers tower but in the fifth floor where Natasha is staying.
Now they were all sitting watching movies. Thor was laying and his head resting on Tony’s thigh. While Loki was resting his head on Tony’s shoulder and Bruce was sitting on the floor and Thor was playing with his hair. They felt safe together, but yet there’s something missing. And all of them missing the team even Tony.
He looked at Natasha and squeezed her hand and then he go out just to gasp in horror at the sight in front of him.
“Oh no come on ! Brotha I’ll talk to Bruce about it don’t worry “ Loki just nodded to Thor then he go down where the rest of the avengers sitting.
Then Thor surprised Tony when he brought Loki to their place. Tony never showed to even eat with them.
He walked to his room and Rhodey following right behind just as the door closed he threw himself at Rhodey who hugged him.
“Yes he’s sitting with Thor and Bruce “ Just when he heard Bucky saying Thor and Bruce he felts better but he’s not sure if the kid was injured.
“But we can’t let you die Tony and I’m sorry. Steve doesn’t know about this part. Fury tried to save the world by killing you but we don’t care about the world Tony, We care about yo-“
“You scared me Tony . And No you’re not ok ! “ Thor said trying to sound serious but he failed he sounded so worried.
He was more skinny and He was pale like a ghost, His face was having bruises, also his neck was having a couple hickeys. He sighed and closed his eyes only to see Thor marking him, his eyes shoots open and he fall to the bed like a dead body.
Why they’re here together? Why Thor hadn’t told Steve that Tony is not enough for them? Why Thor here’s protecting him? And After all if someone saw them like that they’ll say of course there’s something between the two of them.
"I'm good. How about you our soft princess?" He smirked and her eyes darkened then she smacked his head."Ow!!"
“Just tell me if you want someone to fuck you ! You’re a whore Tony ! You let everyone fucks you even your father . I’ve seen so much dirty people but you’re new . You’re the worst. You’re just a trash . I’ll make you feel better...”  Steve regret what he said cause he didn’t mean to mention Tony’s father . But he was drunk and he can’t control himself. Tony’s tears were falling and like the words had died in Tony’s throat.
"This can't be real! I... I thought it was only my imagination!" Steve stood and wanted to leave, but Tony stopped him.
“Let’s take him to Bruce now “ Natasha told them and Steve nodded and still looking at Tony between his arms
“Bruce! Let’s take this to my room, Yeah?”  Bruce ignored him and kept nipping his shoulder, he bites him again when Tony tried to move and Tony cried out, but yet it’s was turning him on.
“He’s a bitch . And she’s a bitch . Don’t worry your self if you want come with me we can live together. You , me and Peter “ Bucky suggested him and Tony giggled.
“Tony ? Let’s go to bed I don’t want you to be sick “ Steve said looking straight into Tony’s eyes . But , Tony stood and nodded to them
Tony's body starts shaking "I see those things too.. What if it was real?" Loki's eyes widened and then what he said surprised Tony.
His kid was fine but he doesn’t know why those dreams always come to him. But the worst they’re coming to him even when he’s awake.
"Steve, d-don't be s-selfish this time, please?" Tony pleaded him and Steve was selfish again, he ignored Tony and jerked his head towards Strange who nods and opened portal. They walked inside it to Wakanda's hospital and Tony looked at Steve one last time and then he passed out, Steve won't believe that he heard Tony whispers "I love you." No it's can't be true.
“Excuse me ? I’m not going to waste my time in convincing you that Tony won’t give up on me “ He left her again and he go to his room he was happy to hear the sound of water .
When he was inside Tony he groaned because Tony was hot inside and tight, but Tony took him without saying anything he just moans and pulled Steve closer to him.
Rhodey, Pepper and Happy stayed with him all the time cause they know what happened to him. He felt so bad that he tried to kill him self for nothing, they kept crying for days even though he left the hospital.
"Thanks, Thor." He turns his head and looked down at Peter who was sleeping now. Thor kneeled and picked Peter, Steve nods his thanks to Thor, who puts Peter on the sofa.
“So now he’ll stay away from you he won’t fight her I know that “ Natasha continued and Steve nodded she hugged him and he sighed he had to be strong only for Tony .
And Wanda she was like his daughter. even sometimes he’ll be hard on Vision just to treat her right .
What they’ll do to him? What they’ll do to Bruce? Bruce? His eyes shoot open. His friend up with these monsters, he can’t leave him alone.
“I also recognized the betrayal and the sickness but he was so scared and disgusted.” Vision agreed with her.
Everyone was shocked and quite until the doctor came out with Bruce from the room Tony's staying at.
“Tony ?” Steve was about to reach him but Tony flinched away and Tony regret what he did cause he can see Steve was hurt
“Birdbrain! My favorite! I made sure that your family is safe so don’t need to worry about it and I informed her so she’s coming after three days from now.” He smiled to Clint and Clint just kept giving him the same glares.
But he swore by his life that he won’t live without Steve for even a day. But now Steve is giving up on him .
“Tony do you want to sleep in my room with me? I-I don’t feel good with letting you out of my sight today.” Tony chuckled and hugged Bruce a quick hug.
But what he did to let the people die? And why they don’t care about him ? And what’s about this mission? Why don’t they just tell him what’s going on ?!
“Peter they’re just trying to help you and you know that you should tell them.” He was surprised to hear Pepper’s voice, he turned to see her standing and Stephan was standing behind her.
“I’m sorry Tony.Sh-she is right I could never be enough for this team. I’m the reason of what happened to you.” He kissed her forhead.
He didn't notice that he wasn't breathing until he felt the winter soldier pulling him to his chest. He couldn't hug him back but he could smell the comfort in Bucky's clothes.
“Seriously Steve? in our room? in our bed ? You’re saying these words to her ?” he shaked his head in disappointment.
“Of course we all know about that ... I don’t like to talk about that I’m king of Asgard or I’m the god of thunder and all this shit I was just trying to make you distracted “ Thor said grinning
He had seen his parents getting killed and he tried to kill the winter soldier. Steve’s best friend.
“Everyone cut the chitchat now. Go to your rooms or do what ever you want. Rhodey come with me. Loki go outside and try to calm your ass down!” He breathed deeply and left them all shocked.
Their Teammates were clapping and whistling for them except Thor , Bucky , Loki and Bruce they were shocked .
“Tony don’t shut yourself away from us... from me. Do everything you want, but don’t stay away from us.”
"Tony she deserves it. If it weren't you the one who killed her then it'll be Steve or me. Or Natasha cause she's ready to kill everyone." Loki put a comforter hand on Tony's shoulder, who just nods.
“Friday? Jarvis? Please tell me what happened to Peter? What was he doing in the past month?” He asked calmly.
“Ugh ! Fuck ! Any other idea mr sexy voice ?!” Tony hide his face in his hands and slept on the bad .
The last thing he remembers was Wanda the girl who volunteers to Hydra experiences with her brother. And then the Winter Soldier was coming out, but that doesn't make any sense cause the Winter soldier loves Tony and Loves Peter so no way that he wants to hurt him.
Tony entered the room and he can see Tony’s foots in front of him. He covered his mouth with his hand, he closed his eyes and tried to breath , he shivers and when he opened his eyes to find Tony crouching imfront of him and grinning to him.
Peter tried to shoot him but Thor held Peter’s wrist and broke his web shooter and Peter’s wrist start bleeding. He was speechless, only looking at him.
“Tony! calm down! Peter baby? I told you we’re here to help you right?" Peter nodded and looked away.
But the the third time they had sex its surprised him . He was sitting on his chair next to the window when she entered their room Tony’s room ! And they had sex on their bed ! On Tony’s bed !
“Seriously Cap? I don’t want to fight you, but right now you’re acting like a bitch.” Tony moved so now they’re inches away from each other. The fire was their eyes, Steve wasn’t going to let him win this fight no matter what and for now let the party begin.
His tears start running down his face again, he pouted like a child and run to hug his uncle but to his surprise Thor shoved him away and he fall on his back.
What a shame. Of course he was scared to tell them about what happened, of course he’ll be scared that they’ll hurt him again. They’re monsters, they don’t deserve to be a live. And now he felt betrayed by them.
“I’m so sorry Tony, I just kept screwing everything over again! I was trying to push you away from me cause you were hurt because of me and you didn’t even protest when I was being mean to you! And now look, you’re the one who apologize for something you’re not responsible for. Tony I... I’m a mess! What if you died that day? Huh tell me?” Tony’s eyes were wide and filled with hope and all he thinks about is ‘Clint cares about me.’
He couldn’t believe that Natasha did this only to get them apart.And why ? Only because she hates Them being gays ?!
He sit down with his family they were talking and laughing every now and then someone peck him on his cheek or on his forhead(Tony specially).
“FRIDAY ? Where’s the rest of the avengers? “ Tony asked and there was a pause before FRIDAY replied to him
“I found the love of my life finally! And I want to spend the rest of my life with her !” Steve said and Tony’s heart stopped beating.
Ultron was pain in the ass, but together they make it out alive. Tony started distancing himself away from them. He felt like he's a monster again.
“Are you trying to burn my kitchen? Steve Do something about it now!” He looked up at his dads only to get kicked from Steve, he was about to fall but Steve pulled his hair.
But when he walked past Tony, he grabbed his wrist and Peter was looking at Tony with wide eyes. “D-dad?” He was afraid that Tony’ll beat him or something else but Tony took a deep breath and cupped Peter’s face. Peter technically closed his eyes.
“No he’s not!” A voice made them all look at the door where a man was standing. Damn it he was so scary.
Tony was so exhausted from working . He was in his lab for more than 8 hours . He was making new suits for all of them . He sighed leaning on the counter and started drinking water. Finally they’re happy after defeating Thanos When the first time he gets back to the earth after losing the battle he cried between Steve’s arms and Steve hold him .
"I-.. I need to brea-th!!" He choked out and Stephan chuckled and ruffled Peter's hair then he left Peter alone.
Steve was talking to Tony about their last mission and how it end up with all of them getting injured because there was no air support from Ironman and how they wants him back.
Just when he was outside he saw Tony and thor on the grass and Thor was on top of Tony and they were laughing. Bucky had noticed him . Tony noticed him too and he pushed Thor and stood.
"But maybe he'll get hurt.. I .. I don't know if I can." Thor kneels besides them and takes Tony's hand and great they hadn't noticed that Tony was trying to hold something so he can make the pain go away.
“I’m fine Steve.” Steve sighed and then Tony moved so Steve can take Peter to his room. Of course Tony can’t pick him up cause Peter and him are the same high now.
"It's my fault Steve! It's mine.... I... I kileed her parents and then her brother." Tony like usual taking all the blame in himself and Steve hates it so much when Tony's like that.
“That’s it!“ Thor punched Steve. Tony was only looking at them feeling sick from them. He’s really tired of them.
“You look like shit Brucie.” Tony said smiling and Bruce was about to snap at him, but he sighed and shak his head.
"I'm the one who should apologize Tony." Tony knew that Thor should apologize, but for now he couldn't let Thor like that. He wishes Loki was also here so he could apologize to him too. Loki didn't mean to, he was just saying that Tony didn't deserve what happened to him.
“Boss, mr Rhodes is calling.” Friday said and Tony waved with his hand  and Rhodey showed from the screen. He smiled to Tony and Tony was smiling back to his bestfriend. Then he glared at the other three and the warnings in his eyes were so obvious.
Steve was the only reason that he’s still a live . Now there’s no Steve and that’s mean there’s no life .
"I don't care! Do it! It is better than he dies here!" Steve looks at Clint because he just snapped at Thor and Thor lifts Tony without saying another word.
"I want you to know what happened with Peter, please?" Loki looked at him then looked at the hole in the wall and Tony eyes it too.
I don’t know this time maybe the next one is the last chapter. I hope you liked this one. For me I’m not convinced with this chapter. sorry :(
But Tony was acting weird he was so lovely today and all of them knew that Tony is not a morning person!
he whimpers and he was trying to get himself free from his dad’s grips and they start shoving him from one to another, he was pleading them to stop.
Peter was walking without looking, he was writing a plan to his next day with Ned, MJ and Falsh when he crashed into Bruce. The coffee fall on Bruce and Peter was silent. The last time he burned someone with cofee ir tea he paid for it.
Tony looks to see a small cave and of course they could use it to try and contact the others for now.
The next time he wakes up to see Natasha and Clint talking quietly to eachother and when they notice him Natasha smiles to him while Clint looks away. Tony lifted his eyebrow, but then smiled when Natasha sits beside him on the bed.
“S-Steve ! it’s ok I k-know I will die ... But Let me tell you th-this please “ Tony said tighten his grip around Steve
“Nat He won’t back to me again I know that ! He’ll go and leave me ! “ Steve was really pissed of from all of them
Tony walked to him and kissed him . Thor’s eyes widened. but his back was to the others they couldn’t see him .
And like that Tony was alone in the room on the couch. Even if it’s made him dirty to throw himself on Bruce like that, but at the end he helped Bruce and that’s all it’s mattered.
“FUCK! What are you hiding Peter?” Tony hits the wall and the air was against them in the room. They were confused now. What happened to their baby, his smile was like their sunshine and now he’s a mess.
Tony wakes up to Jarvis’s voice, he tried to breath but he couldn’t. He stood on his shaking legs and the bed was empty Steve is not here.
He should care more about Steve. He smiled to himself and prepared himself for the next morning to treat Steve as if he was his own king and he felt that Steve is his king . He tried to close his eyes but he couldn’t so he spoke to FRIDAY again
“Steve! What are we doing?!” She was really pissed off and her sound was between them but Tony can hear them .
“Steve what happened?! you were afraid from the cold air if he touched Tony ?!” Bucky asked and Steve sighed .
"Peter! Breath sweetheart!" Bruce catches him and pulled him to his chest. He kept whispering everything and nothing in his ears until Peter fall a sleep between his arms.
“Tell me who fucked you better? Thor ? Loki ? Or Banner ?” Steve asked him and Tony’s eyes finally met Steve’s .
"Oh, what are you going to do about it? I've done a lot and yet... it's nothing compared with what your dad did to me!" Her power was filling the place again.
"You're the worst brother! Of course father will torture you! Do you know who you are!"  Thor shouts at Loki and Tony blinks.
Friday just opened the door and Steve was shocked to see Tony is laying on the ground breathing heavy!
“Thank you guys ... I’ll just let them be together. I know he’ll back to me “ Tony said wiping his tears
Tony go back to his room and the first thing he did was taking of his shirt and standing infront of the mirror .
This time thanks to god the lights didn't hurt him, everything was a blur at first but then it's like the fog in his eyes seems to clear, but he didn't expect to see the cold eyes. He never did.
"I know you're trying to do everything for them, but they can't see it. Tony stop trying to do everything for them and when they see it they’ll blame you, they’ll always keep blaming you no matter what. You deserve better, go back to the compound and don’t accept them when they want to come back.” Tony pushed Thor away from him.
Tony got into shouting match with Steve in Clint's farm and it ended with Steve slapping him and tell him to just stop trying to save the world.
Tony was red as tomato and Steve was just looking at them they can feel him he was about to blow out on them and kill them all but yet he’s captain America he can control himself .
“You know what Tony? You know why I can’t forgot what happened? Because I was scared, I was broken and I was alone. The worst part I wake up every night cold eating me and I can’t do anything about it. You were always warm and what ever you need was in front of you. You could never be a hero no matter what Tony. You’re worthless.” Tony freezes and closed his eyes and Steve hand was touching Tony’s nipple and Tony ignored the pain in his heart and focused on Steve’s pain instead.
In the next morning he couldn’t sleep so he just decided to go for a run and eat his breakfast but once he entered the kitchen he saw Tony was on the counter and Thor was kissing Tony’s neck .
"Come on Loki sit down darling." Tony says to Loki who was pregnant with Bucky's child. Bucky helped him sitting down and Tony sighed.
He can read the words ‘Whore, slut, bastard, bitch....etc” and the pictures are worse, he was naked and they were fucking him.
“Turn on the music please?” and the driver turned it on for Tony. Tony was feeling sorry about their driver his father was always hard on this man but Tony was always so good with him .
Thor hits him and that’s was one. Peter closed his eyes and started counting. when he reached 57 Thor shoved him on the couch and was on him.
Clint punched him again and again and again until Tony was lying on the ground breathing heavily and Clint start kicking him.
He can see the others are joining like him. He saw group of girls and suddenly he felt that he’s really going to be alright soon.
Tony is better, he is talking normal again, but he still walks on shaking legs. His hands are shaking too, but it’s better than nothing.
he started to look at them when they talk to him or hold his hand or kissing his cheek or forhead or when they feed him, but yet he never said any word. They can only hear his voice only when he’s having a nightmare.
He looked around and saw Steve’s shield. He fixed it months ago and he did upgrades to all of their weapons, but he knows that they’ll never come back to him. They’ll kick him out of the team and find someone new so that they can have air support.
“I couldn’t move and I’m so  tired to get kicked out of your tower right now.” Stephan replied to him and Tony rolled his eyes.
"I'm Thor, God of Thunder and the prince of Asgard! I'm the strongest avenger–" Peter's face turned red once he saw Loki leaning on the wall and smiling at him. "Uncle Loki! H-hey! When did you get in here?"
"We... sometimes me, Tony and Bucky see Peter being hurt because of us all. We hurt him, we had burned him and did horrible things to him even me and you brother were about to r-..." Loki sighed he can't even finish the word.
"Good, now we're going to record a video to your papa. You're going to beg them;let them know how much they're causing you pain! Let them fewl what I felt! Especially the whore Tony Stark." She said and the venom clear in her voice.
And the only one who can do that was Steve, that’s right he’s his (pops) but when it’s came to Peter hide things from him he’ll be grounded until Steve have mercy on him.
He finished dealing with Natasha a while ago and now he was waiting for the team and he’s still thinking what if Natasha had died today?
He was ... He was taller than before. He was prettier than before. His manly beard that Tony wanted to touch. And his blue eyes ...
"No, I.... I imagined Thor slams Peter's head here." Tony's face paled and Loki was looking at his hands now. And he's the one who thought it was caused of sex, but he was wrong it was because of his son and the god of thunder. He closed his eyes but he imagined what happened so he opened his eyes and rubbed them hard. "I always imagine us hurt Peter so bad. I– I know this seems crazy to you, but the blood and his screams seems so real Tony..."
“N-nothing happened..” Loki sighed and he wanted to put his hand on Peter’s head so he can see the memories, but Peter stood and he was shocked,
“You think they’re coming to save you?” She asked and all he can think about is 'No they’re not.' Of course they’re not going to save him even if he asked them to. He just kicked them out of his tower and they were so sorry for what they did with him.
“Guys can you please give me your attention?” He was grinning and now he’s sure that it’s only a week and everything will go back to normal.
“But he needs to be loved ! No one can do that only you brother!” Loki said pleading Thor who shook his head.
"Thor can you just fly him? I don't think he can make it if he stays any longer like that!" He doesn't care how much he sounds so miserable even to his own ears, but Tony got shots! They're talking about Tony.
Just remembering the day when Tony gets back from Titan . He has to admit that day he was so much happy to see Tony’s a live. And Tony cried between his arms omce he saw him and that’s warmed Steve’s heart .
“Yeah ?” Tony was to busy that he didn’t even bothered himself to see who entered and was standing behind him .
And Steve couldn’t go back to sleep he was thinking about the man between his arms . Tony did everything for him . Tony sacrificed himself just for Steve. He even chooses him on that wizard. But now here he was cheating on him because of a fucking mission.
“Steve and Bucky left Tony for death in Siberia.” Loki replies and that’s seems to shock everyone in the room.
And Steve? They could be beautiful together again but it was the impossible love. Their love will never be completed.
"He gets in your head when he was evil! When the first time he tried to control you and he found you interesting! He told me about it and he apologized for it!" Tony felt guilty for moments, but that doesn't excuse Loki talks about his parents like that.
“Tony you’re not alone we will be with you no matter what ! Don’t think about Steve and the rest of the avengers all you have to think about is to control your self and stay with us “ Bruce said smiling widely to Tony and Tony matched Bruce’s smile .
“Nah I feel that I’m good “ Tony said then he left Steve standing by the door and Tony go to see Bruce.
Clint nodded to him and then Tony took them to the living room and they sit together, hands tangled together. And then Tony froze when Clint says, “Can I kiss you?” Tony looked at him for too long then he nodded and let Clint kiss him, he returned it in the last.
He wish he could cry between Steve’s arms and tell him that he doesn’t know if he was a demon or an angel!
Hope you like it . Support me with your comments and kudos. Thank you all . You stand for me and supported me to continue. And I’m so sorry that I was about to stop writing forever. But I won’t stop . I hope I’ll make you happy in the end guys .
"No, love, it's not your fault. Her parents are dead because of Stane, while her brother's death was on her. It's her fault." When he saw Tony was about to protest he gave him a warning look.
“Hey babe” Steve welcomed him and Tony kissed him . Steve was really missing Tony and in the same time feel guilty. He fucked Tony hard that he was sure Tony is hurting and in so much pain. When they finish Steve tried to keep looking at him but he can’t! He was cheating on Tony and Tony looking at him as if he was a god!
“My treatment is working on our new suits!” He said joking his health but it wasn’t funny Steve was about to take him to their room and kept him sleeping between his arms . but he didn’t say anything.
Now there is no Peter ... no life for him to live. Because of him the wizard gave the stone of time. He was a waste of time. He hates himself so much.
So why he was tying PETER?! He tried to talk to the Winter soldier but he refused to communicate with Bucky. God if Tony knows he'll kill Wanda without any mercy.
“I’ll kill them! Bastards!” Rhodey roared and Peter looked up at him but Stephan stopped Rhodey before Peter could’ve stopped him.
“You can’t babe. And. Stop. Calling. Them. Your. Wings. Cause they’re MINE!” He shouted at her and she punched his face.
Just when they reaches the hall they saw Tony with Loki in a mess of blood around them and Hulk roaring from another place. But what pulled Peter's attention is his dad sitting on his knees without a faceplate, he was closeing his eyes and besid him lies Wanda with blood around her body, dead.
“Y-you don’t have to s-stay with me “ Tony said and he was really a mess crying and hiding his face in Thor’s pillow.
"Hello my assasin." He walked to him and the soldier pulled Loki closer to him from his waist and kissed him then pressed their foreheads together.
He felt sorry for Pepper and Rhodey cause they were just crying and not eating anything. Pepper slapped Steve and told him to never get close to Tony again, but in the end she didn’t prevent him from reaching out for Tony.
"I - I can work and pay you?" Peter suggested for him and Tony smirked and stepped on Peter, his shoe was on Peter's chest and Peter's tears were running down his face.
He’ll break up with Thor . Thor is not responsible on him cause he got alot of troubles to think about it . And then it comes to his teammates. He’s thinking in leaving the tower for them . He can’t be with them anymore. And maybe someone will kill him and just have mercy on him to get him rid of this life .
"Yes, I'm fine, thank you," he replied as she nodded, but there was doubt in her eyes as he ignored it and returned to work.
They heard a sound of a car approaching and Tony turned back and when they came out of the car.  He couldn’t help his eyes landing on Steve.
He yelped when he heard lound knocks on his door and he heard Bucky roaring his name! shit this was the winter soldier and not his own lovely sweet uncle Buck!
“I’m happy they’re coming back.” He smiled to them and moved Thor’s head off of his thigh and then he walked to his room.
But What about me ? He was about to ask him that but he just kept looking at them . his friends were clapping and whistling for them .
He grabbed Bruce’s wrists softly and tried to stop him from hurting himself cause Bruce was scratching himself.
He was walking to the elevator when he bumped into Thor who prevented him from falling to the ground.
He locked the door behind him . He stood infront of the table he put his hands on the table to support him . Everything was spinning. He closed his eyes and inhaled . The tears start falling.
“Tony ? Tony babe wake up ?!” Steve shouted on him and this time Tony opened his eyes he was looking at the room then at Steve .
'What I was thinking when I trusted them now?' He sighed and started working and dealing with the damage in his suit.
“I’m-I ..I’m really sorry I didn’t mean to -I ...”Tony  can feel the heat himself. He knows that he was blushing heavily but he couldn’t help himself.
Tony rises his eyebrow and Steve ignored him while shivers run down his body again. He was freezing and Tony is a pain in the ass right now.
Thor kissed him and pressed their forhead together . Their noses were touching . Tony’s eyes were closed.
It’s hard for him to live while his father told him that he doesn’t deserve to live and he’s the one should be dead instead of the great captain America.
“What are you talking about Pep? Wait, you know what happened to him right?” Tony asked and Peter was hoping now that she’s not going to tell them.
“Why nobody loves me mom?” He looked at the picture on the wall, it was for his mother and him. “Why you never loved me? W-why you were hurting me? Am I a disappointment to you and him? Are you proud of me now?” Tears falling, but he didn’t care.
He sighed and moved so now he was laying his head on Stephan's thigh, he closed his eyes again when Stephan started brushing his hair.
And he did. He was in the kitchen in the middle of the night when Clint is back from his last mission. He didn't notice Tony was sitting until Tony cleared his throat.
“P-Peter I’m s-sorry I really don’t know what happened! Peter you are like my son ! how could you think about that ?”
Steve stepped forward for him and he wrapped his arms around Tony protectively. He just kept him close to him.
It’s like things are sitting back to their real places, but the only thing that was broken now is Peter. He can’t do it, maybe it’s because this is the first day for them?
“I’m just happy cause we win this fight together!” Tony said explaining and They hears their teammates clapping and whistling for them
He sighed and cleaned his blood then his legs technically leads him to the garage. He knows that he should be strong to face them again.
He was looking at Shuri, Strange and Bruce hovering over Tony and then he realized someone is standing beside him, he looked to his left and saw Pepper looking at him. Or better say, Glaring at him, he rises his eyebrow and she slapped him.
“Please talk about it?” Tony asked him and looked into Bruce’s eyes again. Bruce nodded to him after time passed by.
“This for leaving me alone “ Tony said so calm and turned to leave but he was stopped by Steve pulling his wrist
“My treatment is working on our new suits “ he said it as if it was a joke or anything else funny and yeah he was making his health as a joke
"Yeah.. Just glad to have you back with us." Tony smiled to him, but Clint left him making stupid excuse and Tony knows it was fake.
They were so beautiful. the black feathers beautiful he just couldn’t take off his eyes from them and he was smiling for the first time in these two months.
He stood and wanted to walk out without making sound, but Loki orders him, "Sit down Stark!" and Tony obeyed. Thor seems surprised when he saw Tony. Of course he hadn't noticed him.
The other reason is Wanda, when everytime she see him then she'll say something bad and mean to him and definitely he'll ignore her.
“Tony will come to the room in five minuets and when he comes you’ll say that you want her and you can’t stay with him” Natasha said and he was shocked
He opened the Shower room and Tony was surprised to see him . Steve hugged him and Tony wasn’t looking at him .
They reached Tony who was kicking the blanket and trying to push who ever was in his nightmare. It’s breaking their hearts to see him like that.
They made it even when Steve was thinking in Tony and he was disgusted from her . He should be resting with Tony now and not fucking Sharon .
“Hey babe” Steve welcomed him and kissed his forhead. Tony kissed Steve’s lips and hugged him tightly .
He did not notice that Nebula was holding his shoulder and she was talking but he could not hear her.
Even though Natasha sometimes hack Friday's system and she'll enter the lab to drag him so that he can eat something.
“Why didn’t you tell us?” Tony asked Peter. Peter stood and ignored his father and left to his room without looking at anyone of them.
He was wrong! so wrong! Just when he entered the dining room everyone was looking at him. He stumbled and looked down at the floor, he can feel the heat rising to his cheeks.
“He.. He was anger, broken, scared and there’s alot of other emotions I couldn’t recognize them. I don’t feel like it was just a sex.” When she spoke everyone turned to her.
“Birds of love come and eat “ Natasha said to them and Sharon giggled before she pulled him to eat .
“Peter baby? Open your eyes and talk to me, please?” Tony says softly whispering to him like there’s no one in the kitchen just the two of them.
“Anyway after that Everyone will get out of the spell and when Tony the idiot realized what he did, he’ll kill him self and after that it’ll lead Thor and everyone else to be in the prison forever cause they cannot forgive their selfs about it.” She sighed and continued “And Steve will be alone and broken just like the avengers.” she finished and Peter’s tears were falling again and he’s the one who thought he doesn’t have any tears left.
He remembered when Pepper broke up with him just because he’s Ironman and she wants a normal life but he knows why she broke up with him.
“The safety of people is more important than Tony and than his feelings Buck ! You have to stood with us ! You don’t understand I saw it ! I saw how all people were dead because of us ! Only in this way we can save them Bucky !” Wanda said and she was shaking.
And now he broke up with Tony and that’s mean there’s no jokes anymore . There’s no life after Tony and he knows that .
Steve sighed he knows Tony wasn’t going to tell him so he just hugged Tony and kept brushing his hair and Tony started to relax again.
"Ah, you are suffocating me! get off me !” Tony was trying to push Thor off but Thor put all the weight of his body on Tony.
“I remember you telling me that I can do what ever I want to do, is that because you wanted me to fuck you?” Clint asked and as the video kept playing Tony felt sick. That’s was too much, he can’t do it again! He can’t hear his voice or their laughs.
Tony was in his bedroom. He was sitting on the end of the bed . He looked at Steve’s side and remembered Thor’s words . Why Thor said this words to him ? He never showed that he’s interested in Tony until now ? What happened? And why Steve was jealous on him ? He keeps cheating on him and then he’ll be jealous on him ? That’s ridiculousness !
with what Bucky said Tony pushed Steve away from him . He could take all the bad news but Nothing about Peter. Peter’s like his own son and now he was about to get killed?!
Steve stopped fighting once he saw a ring opened and the wizard came out of it and he was coverd with blood .
"Tony we're trying to be team here so why you're like that? We're trying to help eachother and we're trying to stand for eachother, but tell me why you're like that? We're not enough for you, I know that, but can you please accept us. He's the captain here and we must follow his orders it's not a game Tony. For now after what happened..." She took a deep breath and Tony let his tears fall cause they can't see him right now. Maybe it's just because she's angry at him?
“My brother is kinda a bitch ok ? But in the same time he’s so kind “ Thor was telling Steve about Loki for the million times .
"She took him from me! He's hurting Steve! I know it, don't lie to me!" Tony was screaming at them and tried to leave the bed for millions times. Steve called Thor and Loki, they know that even the trackers aren't working. While Loki can't find them with his magic.
He wishes he could take back the things he said when he was arguing with Steve when Clint was with Loki.
His green magic outspreading the room and then he let them see what he saw. Everyone was shocked and in pain.
“Don’t tell them what happened. I want to tell them by myself. Please I want to hear it by everyone here to do that for me please.”
"Peter, they'll remember one away or another. Believe me it'll be easier if you tell them."  Peter's eyes shoot open, he swallowed loud and this time Stephan sighed.
“Y-yeah ...” Tony answered and he felt another warm kiss on his shoulder from behind then he realized that he’s shirtless he pulled his t-shirt and wear it .
Steve was leaning on the counter and he was watching Peter carefully, from the look on his face he was having nightmare and Tony knew it.
“Tony please breath !” Thor was pleading him to breath and Tony noticed that he was facing Thor now and He wasn’t breathing.
He was sitting on the floor with his back leaning on the bed and he was thinking about everything happened to him. What he did was wrong.. soo wrong! He could tell them a lie but why he choose to shut his fucking mouth! He hid his face with his shaking hands and sighed.
“I’m really happy to have you guys ! I’m really happy to have Steve in my life “ he leaned and rested his head on Steve’s shoulder but yet he never missed how Natasha and Steve shared a look between them then Natasha smiled to him and he was sure now that there’s something wrong.
“Sharon what are you doing?!” He asked her and she rolled her eyes before she come and kiss him on the lips .
“As you can see I’m angel,” Tony snorted but the man ignored him and continued. “If you want us to have mercy on you and let you die then you have to give your wings to them.” He smiled politely to Tony who was laughing now.
“FORGIVE YOU?! You want us to forgive you after what you did to us! We were in the jail because of you! We were running for two years and half because of you! You’re the reason of everything bad happened! Why you’re not dead yet! You’re such a fucking whore that plays with money and soon all of people will see that! You’re worthle-” she couldn’t finish cause Loki throw a knife that cuts a few from her hair.
And when I took my shirt off I saw the disgust in your eyes and I learned a lesson that I’ll never be a shirtless again.
Tony wasn’t expecting Bruce to have nightmares like that, what happened to him? Could it be Hulk? he was waiting for him to calm down and then talk to him, but when Bruce opened his eyes Tony saw Bruce was hurting and he was in pain.
He looked one last time at Steve to see him looking back at him. He really wants to run and comfort Steve or comfort himself but he felt so dead.
“ Tony you should rest seriously babe we can’t resk your health like that “ Steve said putting his hand on Tony’s cheek .
When they finish he go to the bathroom. Sharon had left to her house and Steve decided to take a shower .
Thor come to them and kissed Bruce then kissed Peter's forehead then he picked him up and took him to his bed.
“L-Loki what are you d-doing?!” Tony can hear the fear in his voice. Shit Loki start getting closer!
Steve took Tony to their bedroom and he puts him on the bed . They called a doctor and Steve was sitting beside Tony .
He opened his eyes when he felt the door opened and shiver run down his body. He saw Steve standing at the door, he looks like he was having nightmares.
Tony can feel Steve’s fingers in his hair it’s massaging his skull and he sighed and hide his face in Steve’s chest .
“Steve? P-Please d-don’t leave me” Tony was kicking the sheets and he was sweating and breathing heavy .
Everyone is tired, they all are fighting like this is their last fight. He can't blame them, cause Peter's their sunlight.
Of course after that Steve apologized by kissing him on the lips for the first time after while, but Tony couldn't cry in front of him even though his heart was aching and his mind was screaming and telling him it's ok to cry between Steve's arms while his body is refusing to let him relax.
I’m back! sorry I was busy with school and the exams 🤦🏻♀️💔 :( .. any way here’s another chapter. Hope you’ll enjoy it ;)
He go to his bedroom and Steve wasn’t there and then he go to the bathroom and again Steve wasn’t there he asked FRIDAY where he can find him and she told him he was out side .
“I’m so sorry baby.” Steve was kissing Peter’s hair, forhead, cheeks and his nose and Peter was now a mess between his pops hands.
"That's my uncle bitches! Take that!" He put a hand over his mouth and Frost turns towards him with wide eyes, but then he chuckled and shakes his head. Peter felt himself blushing, but he didn't care. His family here to save him.
Tony stood on his shaking legs and thanks to god the jacket was long and thick no one can see his injury. He was looking searching for anything but no one came close to them. He sighed and the pain becomes unresisting, he groaned in pain and catches his wound. His breath was becoming hard to get in his lungs. His body gave up and he fall again.
“Sorry about that cap ! but it was only a challenge ! Sam you asshole I win “ Tony get off him and was walking proudly to stand beside Natasha
“Tony I swear to you he wasn’t knowing what’s going on ! They did this to him ! Tony believe me Please!” Steve was trying to explain but Tony wasn’t listening
Steve was looking at him but he wasn’t talking or saying anything and Tony found out that he’s used to be scared from the love of his life .
“Cause she was healing the wizard and he never gets older because she’s always give him her blood . And when she has become a human he died . She heard of Stephan and go to him but for sorry he doesn’t know what the spell was . “ Loki sighed again .
He opened his eyes when he felt a hand on his cheek. He saw Stephan and everyone was on the floor, What ever Stephan did it had saved his life.
“They’re so idiots.” Natasha mumbled and both of them looked at her. She was free and no one knows how! She moved and untied Clint then she did the same for Tony.
"I'm giving up ! I'm sorry!" Buck was eyeing them and smiling. Loki was calm like always but there’s a little smile on his lips .
"Tony I will kill you now!" Thor wanted to show his voice as if he was angry but everyone knew he was just enjoying his time.
“I know you never heard me saying that I love you . But actually I adore you Tony . You’re my everything babe . I wish you know that “ Steve kissed Tony for the last time and he left .
The last time he was like that was when Steve tried to kill him. And he stopped drinking and locking himself only when He was with Steve again.
“Yeah maybe cause he shouldn’t be with you ? Or maybe cause we’ll be beautiful together? Or maybe when he was hurt and laying on the floor you decided to leave him and ask about him only after he woke up ?!” Thor snapped at Steve but it’s look like he hadn’t hurt Steve only . Tony was breathing heavily and Steve ignored Thor and looked at Tony .
Peter blushed and nodded to him, Loki brushed Peter’s hair and Peter flinched away from him and Loki sighed.
"Nothing. He's already taking, and if his boyfriend saw you, he'll kill you." He smirked when she rolled her eyes.
He couldn’t sleep and then Tony started shuffling and he was having a nightmare . Steve was surprised cause he was sure that Tony was over the nightmares . But now here he was having a nightmare .
He reads this message for over thirty times and finally, he sighed and looked at the clock it was 7:00pm, good it’s time to send this message now.
“Tony I’m sorry about what I said earlier. I was angry and I put the blame on you while you were already injured.. OH SHIT! You’re still injured!” Natasha pushed him to the couch and took off his shirt. His eyes widened then he smirked.
“He told me that he knows that you’re half angle and half a demon and he wanted to make you break up so when you die no one will feel sad on you or the captain won’t get weak after you know..” Tony tsk and stood he run his hand in his hair, He was so nervous how could they do that to him?
“So when they’ve died your aunt was protecting you even when you’re an avenger. So after that she’s now a human cause the other angels knows that she’s helping you . And now she’s ill and they’re searching for you to kill you “ Loki said looking at the ground when he finished .
"Peter take care of your self. I know it's going to hurt you when you tell them but you have to do it." Stephan cupped Peter face with his hands and Peter nodded to his uncle.
He started thrusting hard into Tony not caring about breaking Tony at all cause he wanted to break him in the first place, but it’s surprised him when Tony start talking and he stopped thrusting and he was just looking at Tony “You were hero before the serum Steve. You have saved a lot of souls that day and you suffer alone in the ice. You didn’t deserve what happened there and what happened with Bucky and aunt Peggy wasn’t your fault cause she told me how much she was in love with you. She told me how much strong you’re. Howard told me that you’re the best person and no one of them lied about you ca– ah!” He couldn’t finish because Steve started thrusting again, but this time harder and rougher. Tony was holding on him so tight.
Tony is innocent, he would give everything to the others and he did. Friday showed them what he said about the company and the compound and it was all bullshit cause he’s the one who should be having them and not what he called them family. God! He was seeing them as his family and they screwed up everything.
Tony was just starting at some spot and not moving or doing anything. He didn’t even flinch when someone touch him, he was broken now.
"Come on, let's go." He helped Peter up and start walking outside and killing Hydra's soldiers without blinking. Peter was looking at Frost with wide eyes filled with love.
When they left him cause Ross the bastard pretended to be the one who saved him. He hugged Tony and told him to put bodyguards, but Tony said No cause he was IronMan.
“You should grow up and accept the fact that you had slept for 70 years and stop crying about it Cap” Steve’s eyes widened at what Tony said and that’s it.
And Clint? Clint was humoristic at the time of Fun and earnest at the serious times . But his heart was always clean.
“Soldier? We really need you in this mission. HYDRA is planning on something really bad and only you can stop it “ Nick said to him and this time Steve nodded .
Steve’s tears run down his face. “Tony? Oh thanks god!” He hugged Tony so tightly, but Tony didn’t hug back.
“Soldier ! You promised to put the safety of all people above your relationship with Stark !” He was wrong after all she’s a spy and all she cared about was her job .
He sighed and was thinking why suddenly all of this start to show up to him ? First Steve and second the rest of the avengers and now this problem?!
And then video plays. It was for him pleading them to fuck him harder. He remembered them telling him to beg them so they can leave him and never reach him again. He just wanted them to stay away from him.
But the truth that he couldn’t sleep not when He’s thinking that Tony is under Thor and Thor fucking him not even making love to him . The way Tony will be shaking in the end of the sex and he’ll be so calm to have Steve beside him . But now he’ll be happy and calm because of Thor .
This two months were so hard on him. They were whipping him, burning him, beating him, even they were about to rape him but he doesn’t know why they stopped and he was thankful for them.
Thor went back to the kitchen to find Tony crying and Steve was holding him. “Tony why you were so hard on him?” Thor asked and sitted back looking at Tony.
“I can’t do this anymore! Natasha please help me “ Tony wS shocked that Steve is pleading Natasha just to get rid of him .
He remembered Tony had dizzied a lot today so he decided to do the guards and let Tony rest for a while.
“Oh sorry you’re an angel ypu can’t hear these words, but really, fuck you.” The man shaked his head and nodded to the guards who were standing by the door and left.
Thanks for your comments and kudos guys. As you can see there’s one chapter left And I’m not convinced with this chapter. It was completed before days, but I was busy with exams and this is the last week for exams. Thanks again love ya <3
“Tony ? What’s bothering you ? Tell me you know that I’ll help you and I won’t say anything to anyone if you want .” Bruce said and Tony sighed
Steve walked to Peter who stepped back, but unfortunately his back hits the table behind him, but yet Steve hadn’t noticed it.
And here he’s now, his teammates hates him and he’s not blaming anyone of them. The least thing he can do for them was giving them a house to live in.
“Loki “ His voice was warning to Loki and Loki just chuckled on him but never leaving Tony ((or taking his hand off Tony’s ass)) .
They stayed like that in silence just breathing each other and trying to comfort each other by their presence.
He gasped when he saw that there’s wounds in his back . That’s true they’re for his wings . How could they be ?
“I’m sorry babe.” He kissed Tony’s forhead and start leading him out of this place and leave the others to continue this fight.
He’s just so tired and he needs a little nap. It won’t affect anyone right? His eyes start closing and he sighed in relief then the next thing he knows that he’s a sleep.
Steve was looking at Tony seeing how much he’s beautiful even when his face is so tired and scared like that . He was about to kiss Tony and say sorry to him but once he saw the heickies in Tony’s neck he forgot everything.
They were eating and Thor pulled him to his lap he'll never be shy of this- hell he likes it when Thor let him sit in his lap.
Steve doesn’t know why he did this but he had this feeling that Sharon is not guilty about what happened.
And again she gives him that smile that makes his stomach flips . He looked down at his plate and ignored her .
Bucky smirked to him and put his head between Peter’s shoulder and neck. He breathed Peter’s scent and sighed. Peter was only shocked his body refused to move.
“Come on, answer him Peter. Tell him where have you been!” Tony was only yelling at him and Peter was sick now, he had enough of this.
When she lefts he went to the lab but FRIDAY told him that Tony is busy with work and he sighed and go back to his bed .
"I'm ok!" He comforted himself and stood cause of course he'll be ok, in the end of the day everything'll be ok.
“What the fuck ?! This is a joke right ? Stephan or Loki stop doing what you’re doing now !” Tony’s body started shaking.
He saw Loki hugging Tony and Tony hugging him back . He couldn’t understand anything anymore. Was Tony trying to gets him jealous? Or was he sleeping with the gods ? But this can’t be out from Tony . Steve left them before anything else happened  .
“No, Tony, we’re not leaving you. You’re not alone anymore.” Bruce spoke softly and tried to reach him, but Tony took steps away.
"They took him! The bitch took him away!" That's all Clint said and it's left the husband on full alerts.
Clint was mouthing “No No!” Over and over, but Tony ignored him and he wishes he didn’t ignore Clint.
He pushed Tony to the wall behind them and Tony groaned from the pain in his back, but Steve doesn’t care at all. “You’re the most dirty rich child I’ve ever seen. If Howard didn’t teach you how to be polite with someone older than you then I’ll teach you! You’re such a filth person.” There’s the same look from Tony, but again he looked away. ‘Afraid of looking at me?’ Steve thought and smirked then he whispered in Tony’s ear “I’ll show you what my virgin ass in the mood for. I’ll break you Tony.” And like that he was kissing Tony who gasped and was trying to get himself free at first but then he give up and surrendered to him.
Steve, Bruce, Natasha and Clint were all waiting for them? Natasha pulled him into hug that Tony was about to cry again but he just smiled and kissed her cheek. “Don’t you ever scare me like that again. Do you fucking understand?” He chuckled and nodded to her.
Why all this is happening to him? First his parents, then his school was shit, further more Obi was in charge to take care of him after his parents died and he abused Tony, next it was Obi trying to steal Tony’s heart to make it a war machine, and then he tried tom make everything better and it turns to be worse and worse. For now his teammates, he’s troubling them and they can’t kick him out of the team just because he’s supplying them with the best items.
“Tony, what are you talking about? Peter what’s going on?” Steve was on his feet now, Peter was trying to avoid looking at them. After all it was bad idea to come here, he should be in his bed now.
He didn't see anything but anger, hate and evilness. God what's he got himself into? He shivered from just looking at her, it was a clear fight; everyone knows she'll win. That's why Frost stay out of it. He won't blame him at all.
Thor was confused now cause he knows Tont was lying and Tony doesn’t know that Thor was in love with Bruce.
Tony can see that Loki had changed a lot, he can see that Loki is more unconfident, he was more fragile.
“J? lights off and volume down please?” His AI did what he told him immediately and Tony wrapped his arms around his best friend protectively, he closed his eyes and slept as well.
He was on his knees waiting to turn into dust like everyone else. But his luck prevented him from turning into dust like everyone else. His luck is always bad. Now he is blaming his luck and he knows that the mistake was that he could not prevent Thanos.
“Thor don’t enter your self again between them . They’re couple this is normal if they had a fight . This is normal if they took a time away from eachother “
I know this chapter is not that good and I hope you’ll like it :( . Support me with your comments and kudos. Love you all <3 !
He started writing for Ross and the governments to let them forgive the Avengers and somedays he can’t sleep cause he’ll be traveling from country to other.
Steve was thinking in Tony. all that happened just because of him . And even when Tony is sick he’ll be between Steve’s arms and now Tony was hiding his sickness from him . He wasn’t fighting for him . Or better say he stopped fighting for Steve.
They searched for the people who raped him and killed them. Although Ross had killed them all to clear his crime but Two were lucky to escape. Soon they were also killed.
“Tony? Open your eyes please?” And Tony did after moments. When he saw Clint is searching in his eyes, he looked away and Clint sighed.
In the next hours Tony woke up because of a nightmare again but he wasn’t to go back to sleep . Steve’s side is cold Tony sighed and go to the bathroom he took a shower and go down to the kitchen where the other sitting . When they saw him they smiled to him and he smiled to them but soon his smile dropped. He saw Sharon is here and sitting in his chair next to Steve .
"It's ok, he's going to be ok. He can't leave us just like that." The three of them were looking at Tony.
“ I’m not doing this because you take Steve from me .. No , I’m doing this cause you go to the best part in mylife ... Peter. Yeah you bitch you’re just a trash I don’t care about you ... Seriously find something better instead of destroying happy lifes . huh what a whor-“ He was slapped by no one except Steve.
Tony finally gets Bruce out. He took a quick shower and go to make food for both of them, Bruce must be really hungry.
“And I know you will kiss him from the start but you always need someone who’s telling you that you can’t to proof them that they’re wrong “ Sam said fixing his glasses
A man approached them he seemed idiot Loki and Tony rolled their eyes together and when they noticed that they smiled to eachother.
“Loki I trust you the most with this. I know you’re overprotective around my boy.” Rhodey says and Loki smirked.
This is also true he likes Steve.He always loved him but could not tell him for fear that Steve would reject him. He has always learned to hide his feelings.
She was mad, like really mad. They start torturing him to remind him who he was and for who he's serving.
Before she can do anything, the alerts sounds go on, she looked up and glared at him. Then she was gone.
“My wings. They’re beautiful.” She said and Tony raised his eyebrow. He couldn’t move again cause they were holding him.
Bucky was sure that Tony was raped, but it was too late. Tony is under shock right now. Everyone is beside him, pleading him to say something for them, but there was no response at all.
Peter felt his dad's arms wrapped around him and he closed his eyes and leaned his head back to rest against his Dad's shoulder.
Steve sinked down to the floor pulling Peter with him, they both searching for comfort from each other.
He groaned and cum inside Tony and soon after him Tony followed his suit, they both fall to the ground.
Thor talked calm until he shouts in Tony's face who was trying to remove the tight grip on his throat.
“No one has to kill me . No one had to keep me busy and distracted. I don’t love when I’m being like a wall between lovers! I love you Steve but I can’t see with her anymore “ he was crying harder with every word . And he cut his wrists.
“Okay then lead the way Clint” Loki said and Clint lead them to their room there was four beds and Tony sighed.
He was making the rules in his head when Loki came out he nodded to Tony and both of them go to eat and go back without troubles.
He kept crying and he knew that he should call Rhodey or Pepper, but he’s too scared to say anything.
Indeed, Steve had put his plan and Tony's role was only to stand in the back because he was injured.
“Nice perfume” Thor winks to Tony and Steve was like a volcano. How could he flirt with Tony infront of me ?! And Who is he to talk about Tony’s perfume? . There’s many questions in his head and he was about to kill Thor but he stopped himself.
"Tony" answered her by giving her his name and she started working on a spaceship and he went to help her.
Tony stumbled on the road and fall on knees cause Clint was moving too fast and Tony couldn’t move fast.
Peter couldn’t cry anymore even when he was about to get raped his first few tears drop and then there’s no tears at all.
Bucky offers a hand to him and Peter took it he stood only to be forced back to the wall, his hands were above his head and he looked at Bucky confused.
“Ok ? You’re acting weird today “ Steve giggled and Tony rolled his eyes but still smiling . He took Steve’s hand that was on his cheek and hold it between his hands then he kissed Steve’s palm
“Tony I’m really sorry I was drunk earlier I didn’t know what I was doing. I really didn’t mean to say these things and I didn’t mean to you know r-rape you.“ Tony was shocked that Steve was saying it as if it was a normal thing trying to rape people?!
After  one week of hurt and hearing them talking bad about him. After one week of hiding away in his workshop. After one week of pain and crying alone. He finally go up only to be shocked to see what was playing on the TV.
He never told him that he loved him ! He took all the power from Tony’s body . He broke him for the million times .
“I don’t love him Bruce! But I’m doing this just to make Steve jealous!” Thor snapped at Bruce who just sighed.
“Good I need you to be strong cause I want to ask you one thing to do please ?” Loki said his voice suddenly serious and Tony nodded to him .
“I won’t let anyone hurt you Tony I’ll always be here for you alright?” Bucky said cause Tony was shaking and Bucky kissed Tony’s hair several times.
Bruce and Thor didn’t help either. They were pressing on Tony to apologize to Steve and he didn’t tell them what happened in Siberia.
Tony was looking at Natasha and she glares at Peter because he started to drift off. She wanted to pull him away from Tony, but Tony’s hand stopped her.
“Dad! Uncle Loki wants to get inside my head!” He couldn’t finish what he’s saying cause Loki already start seeing what happened.
"Shh relax baby. Nothing's wrong, I'm here for you."Stephan was reassuring him that's nothing going to happen and everything's gonna be alright but Peter knows that's he's not alright and there's things going to happen.
Kid was standing at the door, tears running down his face then he run to Tony and kneels beside him then he pressed his forhead on Tony’s hand and kept crying.
"Hey uncle Bucky! It was good, Thanks! What about your day with uncle Sam?" Peter giggled cause he saw how Bucky's face turned.
Tony moved smiling like idiot he saw Steve Shocked face his eyes is wide open and he was breath less
“Nothing happened. Everything is alright. Dad I’m sorry, I will go to the school. And I promise I’ll be good.” He wasnted to go out but Steve blocks his way.
He went to the bathroom and splashed water on his face then he patted his face with the towel and then ther was someone knocking on his door.
“No Nat.” He points at his chest and continued, “This mess in my chest, it’s my fault. I don’t take care of myself. I wasn’t mad when she said frankenstein to me.”
what about Steve?  He’ll broke apart if he remembered what happened and maybe he’ll kill everyone in the tower then kill him self?
This is the last thing he wanted. He doesn't want them to stay far from him, he sleeps better when he knows that they're here and no one can touch him.
Tony had suffered alot but he’ll always smile. He’ll always laugh . He’ll always tell jokes about himself to make them laugh.
“Stop please! Your tears shouldn’t fall on people like Steve and Sharon?! You’re strong Tony you don’t need them “ Bucky’s heart was broken because of what Steve did to Tony .
He disappeared and showed in Peter's room. Peter was listening to the music and he was jumping on his bed.
“Tony ?” Steve called him and when he was about to put his hand on him Tony flinched away . Steve was shocked it’s really hurting him how Tony wants to stay away from him . Of course he had all the rights to stay away from Steve.
He can feel that there’s something about to break between them and if this thing had broke that’s mean they could never be the same .
“Tell me who fucked you better? Thor ? Loki ? Or Banner ?” When Steve asked him this question it made him look at Steve and he was so shocked.
"I tried so hard to make Stark sad by hurting his son, but Sharon the idiot fails so I decided to do it my self."
“If they want to hurt him again, then they’ll regret their choice.” Loki says and Rhodey sighed in relief.
How can Loki talk like that? He felt pity on him? All that because he knows what happened with his parents? He is not pathetic.
“It’s working!Go inside quickly! "Nebula ordered him and Yes, they have finished repairing one of the spaceships and now they will be back to the earth .
Of course in the past before Sharon came and destroyed their relationship Steve was feeling jealous from Bruce and Rhodey. They were so close to him . And then he was feeling jealous from Peter who hates him and Steve also hates Peter.
She decided to hurt Peter after hurting him and taking Steve from him and also taking his teammates.
The winter soldier kept brushing petting his hair and it did nothing to comfort him, cause he's in a cold room and feeling pain inside his chest. Where's everyone else? If Bucky is here of course the others are here, but in another rooms maybe?
Where’s Steve? Is he fucking her in our bed again? or maybe in the bathroom like the first time ? Yeah thanks to FRIDAY that showed him when Steve and Sharon started to be together and cheating on him . But yet he hadn’t seen Natasha or the others . Was Bruce distracting him too ? But , Bruce was telling him to go and rest between Steve’s arms cause he saw Tony like this so sick and so quiet.
“Beautiful “ Loki said and kissed Tony’s neck “Perfect “ Tony pushed Loki away and Loki chuckled and winked to him .
"Blackwidow this is the first place in russia. We can't wait any longer." Steve Spoke through his com. And he was in position ready for the breaching.
He just needed someone's shoulder to lean on and cry. He's getting beatin up by his dad- shit by his heart and eyes! yeah without Tony he felt himself like a blind oldman without his crutch, Like a bird with broken wings. He can't live like that.
“Hey Loki ! What are you doing here ? I really missed you dude !” Tony hugged Loki and Loki hugged him back and he was smiling to Tony
"ANTHONY!" Thor screams from the other side of the room, but Tony ignored him. "We're not the same Loki and you know why because you're a monster and that's why Odin is treating you like this while I was a good person all that I wanted was a good compliment from him, from Howard! And who are you to get in my head? Did I give you the green light to see my past?" Thor was now standing beside them and Loki was looking away from them and he seemed hurt, but there's no turning back that's why Tony carry on.
His head hurting him he touched it and shit it’s still bleeding. He was living in horror movie, Like seriously you’re uncle slam your head like you skull was made of rock!
Thor sitted beside Tony and wrapped his arm around Tony’s waist but it’s look like Tony was still thinking.
Why now? Why Ross wants to destroy him! Why Steve now told him that he thought there’s something between them? He knew one thing for now.. He’ll end this mess right now.
Now he needs to feel the presence of at least one of them To tell him that this is not his fault and that they will find a solution, but they should not give up.
“What’s wrong love ?” She asked softly and kissed his knuckles several times and he sighed just when she did that he remembered Tony when he’s smiling to him and kissing his hand .
Just when he remembers his father’s hands on him and how his father was abusing and raping him he just feels so disgusted with himself.
Bruce was red now, he looked at Tony and answered him “I-.. It was before this accident and I stopped having sex. Who’ll want to make sex with me anyway?” He shrugged and looked at Tony down him and Tony was blushing. Bruce rises his eyebrow.
“I’m fine . What about you ? And what a surprise to find you here in this morning” He grinned to her but she smirked and said
“Nah I feel that I’m good “ Tony said and left him standing by the door . He hadn’t even said anything else and Tony run away from him .
“He’s in the kitchen boss.” Jarvis replied and Tony went to the kitchen. He stumbled on the road, but he didn’t care. All he cares about is Peter.
"You of all people talking about what's right and what's wrong? You of all people talking about getting back to an abusive father? Do you remember what Howard was doing to you? Yes, Tony I've seen everything happened in your life. Tell me how your mother pushed you from the stairs and you got your ankle sprains?" Tony closed his eyes trying to hunt the tears away. Yes he remembered what happened back there, but she was drunk. Tony opened his eyes and looked at Loki who started walking away and then Loki started to talk again. "Anthony, or should I say Tony cause you hates it when someone calls you 'Anthony'? Your parents are the same as mine, but my mom loves me instead of you. Tony we're the same. You've a slut mother and a monster father."
Tony sighed and tried to rub Peter’s back but Peter hissed in pain. He regret it for sure, he saw how Tony and Steve were looking at eachother then Tony turned back to him and pulled the blanket away.
“ You can go to me instead of going to Peter but you want to destroy the avengers piece by piece and I’m not going to let that happen and you know that!” every word he said was true. They all know about it but why they just don’t admit it?!
“Excuse us I need him guys “ She giggled and pulled him to another room and they were kissing eachother. He never felt in love when he kissed her but here he was just because of a mission.
“Hmm yeah I’ll admit it that he is the strongest avenger cause he will kiss him !” Rhodey said proud of Tony .
“Though Hulk liked her and he’ll never hurt her and never let anyone hurt her no matter what. I hope I’ll never see her again in my whole life. I’m a ashamed.”
"What a funny guy!" Tony was chuckling and then his face got serious, he never saw him like that- damn he neversaw his father mad like that even when he's fighting evils he'll always be calm but now? This is not his dad! No way! "You're going to pay for me and you know how?" He stepped harder and receive a sob from Peter. This man is just merciless while the real Tony is kind and lovely he'll never step with his shoe on someone helpless! "You're going to work like the little slave you're and when I think you've done enough I'll leave you." Tony says to him and Peter was shocked (Slave!? Seriously??).
This had been happening fairly often. Tony would lock himself in his workshop, then wouldn't sleep for days. When he finally did sleep it was very little, due to his frequent night terrors. He had begun to dread going to sleep which was why he stayed awake for so long.
The two stayed silent for a moment as Pepper scanned the room. Empty bottles of different kinds of liqour lay on the floor, but none of them were drank recently. At the moment Tony was completely sober, but she guessed he wasn't a couple days ago. One of the glass windows was shattered which Pepper knew for a fact wasn't broken the last time she was in here.
Once Howard was up he glared at his son. He raised his hand. Tony knew exactly what he was going to do, but didn't bother trying to stop it. He was only a kid after all.
Another bottle was hurled at the wall. Tony's body shook with fear as he rocked back and forth in the corner; the bottle had just barely missed his head.
Tony secretly loathed the superhero, but since his father loved Steve so much he looked up to him. He believed that if he became like Captain America, maybe his father would love him too.
They went up to the 80th floor, where Tony and Pepper's apartment was held. Steve set Tony's things beside his bed and gave him a small smile before retreating to his own room. With a loud sigh, Tony allowed himself to fall onto his bed.
Tony didn't know how he survived before alcohol. It was how he kept himself going. He'd drink and drink till he went numb, not feeling any more pain until its effects wore off. It was when he felt the most free.
Tony grabbed his Captain America plush and held onto it like it was his life support. Jarvis smiled at the sight, knowing how much the child loved his Captain America plush. His room was decorated with all things Captain America, but that was mainly because it was all his father talked about.
"Lemme help you with those." Steve picked up all of Tony's bags like they weighed nothing and carried them inside for him. Tony followed close behind, the two entering the building together.
Pepper was tired of seeing him like this. She knew it had to end, so she decided to book him a flight back to New York to spend some time with the other Avengers. At least he wouldn't be working, right?
"You think you'll be accepted? No one will ever want you!" His father stumbled backwards and fell onto the floor. Tony rushed over to him, helping him up. As soon as Tony was even near the man the stench of alcohol filled his nostrils. It was a horrible stench, one he was beginning to get used to.
A small blush crept onto his cheeks as he thought about the blond whom he had just seen moments before. Tony hadn't seen the man in months, yet he still managed to drive him crazy. He did not know why, nor did he want to know.
Howard Stark was in love with Captain America. Every time Tony asked him to tell him a story, it had to be the 'zero to hero' tale of Steven Rogers.
"Alright, that's it. I'm done." Tony got up and left the lab, entering his bedroom. He sleepily climbed into bed, drifting off into a deep sleep.
"What do you want?" he mumbled, closing his eyes once more. He took a deep breath before speaking again. "Before you tell me I'm 'not okay,' I am perfectly fine. I haven't drank in a whole day and I slept like 4 days ago which the human body can go 11 days without sleeping and I've been getting a lot of wor-"
Tony took the glass with a shaky hand. He attempted to drink it, but it burned his throat. Although it hurt him to do so, he drank the entire glass. He hadn't noticed it before, but he was crying.
Fury began to exit the room, but stopped in the doorway. "The rest of the team is throwing you a party later. Don't miss it."
Without another word he walked to his room. He didn't want to go back to the Avengers Tower, but not because he didn't want to see his teammates again. He was actually excited to see some of them. It was the fact that he wouldn't be able to continue his routine there. They'd most likely get worried and force him to sleep, or refuse to let him lock himself away. Or even worse: they'd take away his alcohol.
Days passed and Tony was still in his workshop. He had locked himself in and refused to come out. Pepper was growing increasingly worried.
Steve speed walked towards the younger man and embraced him. Tony gladly hugged back. He had forgotten how much he missed his friends.
"I booked a flight to New York for you. It leaves in a few hours. You can't keep locking yourself in your workshop for days on end." Tony groaned and slowly sat up on the couch. He sighed, but didn't protest.
Once they arrived at the airport Tony grabbed his luggage and called a cab. He spent the entire car ride looking at his hands; trying his best not to start hyperventilating. He was getting anxious at even the thought of seeing his fellow teammates again.
Tony's entire body shook as he sobbed. He cried out for Jarvis, and soon Jarvis was by his side. He attempted to soothe the fragile boy, telling him it's going to be okay and that his father means well. Jarvis wrapped his arms around the boy as he comforted him. Soon enough the sobs stopped.
Tony sat at one of the tables in his lab, modifying parts of his suit. He was adding things that he believed to be useful, or useless things because he was bored. All he ever really did was work, so it was no surprise that he was in his lab at two o' clock in the morning.
Tony Stark jolted awake, his body drenched in sweat. He held his hand over his chest as he gasped for air, shaking violently.
Dum-E was one of Tony's robots, along with U and Butterfingers. There was also his A.I., Jarvis. All of Stark's robots were treated like real humans, including Jarvis. He even gave them a stocking during Christmas.
The sweet aroma of coffee filled the room. It was a very different smell than what he was used to. He took a sip of the bittersweet beverage, softly smiling to himself after he did so.
"Tony?" she said softly, taking a step closer the man. He didn't make the effort to move, but his eyes did flutter open.
Tony never understood why his father was like this. Abusive. What did he gain from it? Did he have some sort of motive? Or was he just an awful human being?
He opened his eyes and turned to look at her. There were bags under his eyes, which were to be expected, but they were also red. He looked like he had been crying before she came in. It killed Pepper to see her boss like this, but she knew there wasn't much she could do for him. People can only be helped if they want to be helped, you can't force them.
It wasn't like he didn't like his teammates, it was just that he was scared they'd be mad at him for disappearing for a few months. The last he saw of them was The Battle Of New York, when they took down Loki and his army. Shortly after that battle he had fled back to his mansion.
"Good. Now maybe you'll be a little more of a man," his father mumbled. Howard turned to walk away, leaving to get some rest.
Tony's eyes lit up when he heard the voice. He tried his best to hide his excitement, but as soon as he made eye contact with the blond he felt all of his previous feelings for the man come crashing back to him.
“I can practically smell the alcohol on your breath. What the fuck were you thinking? You know there’s compromises in SI and you still go out and get drunk in a highschool party? What if you spilled information—or were fucking kidnapped? Then what, Tony!” He snapped, eyes flinging open and stepping closer. Tony held back a flinch, instead backing himself up.
“Hey, guys. Thanks for inviting me to this.” He smiled around, shifting uncomfortably. Bucky snorted.
Steve was crying, and he couldn’t feel anything but his heart beating and the sudden sense that everything was now so wrong, how was everything fine three minutes ago—
Tony shrugged off his jacket, hanging it on the coat hook. His phone buzzed in his pocket. “Anthony.” Howard said, louder this time. Tony paused, hands still raised by the coat. “Answer me.”
He made quick responses to every text, and made sure to send a new text to Steve. That man had his heart already.
“Ah, we can take the car if you feel more safe—“ Steve chimed, noticing the speechless look on Tony’s face.
Tony swallowed a lump in the back of his throat. “We only need you functioning, so we will not be scared to hurt you.
Howard walked out of the elevator, a rough hand pressed to his hand. Steve stood up, and walked over to him. Howard barely raised his eyes before sighing.
“Chill out a little, you’re gonna burn a hole in him if you don’t stop staring. Have a little fun, Tones.” Bruce said, pushing Tony’s shoulder.
Steve came out of the house in a rush, still pulling on his jacket. When he caught sight of Tony’s car, he grinned and sped up. He pulled the passenger door open, laughing and blushing like a kid. “Thanks so much for the ride, Tony! And sick ride!” Steve breathed out.
Tony took a good look at him, before picking himself up. For Yinsen. He went to where the door out of this place use to be.
Steve breathed in heavily, before feeling his knees grow weak, because fuck, fuck, fuck, Tony’s gone. What does that even mean, is he dead, moving, what the fuck—
The knocking got louder and heavier, until he heard the latch click open and heavy feet padded towards his room.
“Woaaah, watch out, Wilson. He’s tiny compared to your beefy-ness.” Clint emphasized with his hands, shoving into the man.
The Metallica playing was lowered. The door cracked open. Steve was wearing the MIT sweatshirt and his football sweats. His room was trashed.
Steve nodded. “Well, you’ll have no problem of that here. You can see all the stars you want.  And there’s never any noise. Like ever.” The ground was rocky, scuffing Tony’s shoes and staining the white canvas. He smiled at the sentiment. “I’ll take you stargazing sometime. I know a place.”
Sam muttered, and God, he sounded so sad. Bucky threw his over his shoulder, and wrapped an arm around Steve when he hesitated.
Faded, but it was still there. Graphite from his portrait of Tony was still smeared in between his fingers.
“You’re drinking yourself to sleep and won’t leave your room! You haven’t gone to school in two fucking weeks, Steve. We’re trying so fucking hard—“ Bucky’s voice broke off.
What the fuck. What the fuck! They didn’t even wake him up, or say anything to him, just left him with a note from the same company that took his parents away in the first place. And right after the fight with Howard; he didn’t even apologize, or just something—
He followed the two of them, feeling the concerned glances, and even hearing them talk about how worried they were. He shook his head.
Bucky impulsively looked at his locker, expecting emptiness but being met with the hunched body of the one and only Steve Rogers.
“N-No, this is fine, Steve. I’m just shocked you own a motorcycle.” He laughed off. Steve grinned, tossing him a helmet. “Safety first.” Steve grinned, clipping his on as well.
“I tried telling them to wake you up, but they were indeed in a rush. I apologize, Master Anthony.” Jarvis’s footsteps came padding into the room, and Tony placed his head in his hands.
One day, it started to blow up with notifications. He remembered last time this happened. His breath hitched as he read over texts and calls, news stations and reports on Tony.
Tony shook and burned, hot to cold, hot to cold. He imagined Steve wrapped around him. Hot. He felt the water drip down his spine. Cold.
It was an anonymous back account from Switzerland. They wrote ‘twenty-five million or he’s dead’ under it in Persian.” And Bucky knew he was giving far too much information, but Steve deserved to know.
Tony spit directly on the man’s beard in spite, watching as he flinched and wiped it off. “Watch out, Stark.
He took in shallow breaths, feeling the world shake and burn around him. He shook one of his hands out, and Bucky recognized the nervous tic.
“So, Tony, any talents? Interests, hobbies?” Steve broke the silence, looking over at the brunette. Tony shrugged, eyes still locked on the road. This town was a real beauty. Definitely different than the city’s loud and bustling traffic—in fact, no one was even on the road.
Steve worriedly glared down at the kid. “You need a ride home? Or you wanna crash at Sam’s with me?”
Natasha loosened her shoulders and walked over to introduce herself. “Hi, I’m Natasha. Nice to meet you, Stark.”
“Stark, cool!” Barton yelled from the bar. A few whispers filled the room before everyone else nodded.
The September air was whipping their skin, Steve thankful he was wearing a jacket, until he caught sight of Tony’s shivering frame. “Here,” he pulled off the football bomber jacket, already handing it to Tony.
“You too, Steve.” Tony bit back a flirt, and instead went in for a goodbye hug. And god, that man was like a human teddy bear. He had never received such a good hug in his life, and he’s received a lot of damn hugs. This, this really topped all of ‘em.
“Hey, Tony. Can you help me with my geometry homework tomorrow morning?” A short freshmen asked, brown hair falling in his eyes.
Steve arrived, feet slamming against the pavement as he looked around in tears. He found the receptionists and ran to her in tears. Her long brown hair was pushed behind her ears and pulled into a bun. She looked like his mom.
“Bucky, what happened.” He repeated, stricter, and Bucky hasn’t heard that tone since last football season when Sam laid unconscious on the field, and Steve was so worried, and—
Steve basically fell asleep in all of his classes, and eventually ended up going to the nurse to take a nap.
Tony held back a quip, self preservation just cutting him off in time. He felt the needle be removed, and glared at the man in distant eyes.
“but we can’t do this without you.” He finished, wiping tears off his face. Steve looked at him with empty eyes.
Steve pulled his shirt back on with a mutter, along with everyone else. Bruce’s cheeks were still flushed red where he had to lose his shirt, knees pulled close to his chest the whole game.
“Bucky, what happened?” The tear tracts down his cheeks suddenly reflected off the warm lighting in the house. Bucky stayed silent, mouth parting.
Bruce tucked his head closer into Steve’s neck, wet tears dripping from his fogged glasses. He was shaking, sobs barely audible.
Steve came to school the following Monday. He still wore the MIT hoodie, except it was clean and not booze-soaked.
After breathing in Steve’s scent, he pulled away, smiling and blushing. “See you on Monday.” He repeated, walking out. Steve sent him a coy wave, laughing.
I’m not as nice as the other guards.” He said, before pulling the kid’s hair back and sticking a needle in his neck.
Sleep came fast and easy to him that night. Maybe it was the medicine, maybe it was Steve. Who could really tell?
He’s been thinking, why Tony? And he knows why, son of Howard and Maria Stark, billionaire, genius, next CEO of Stark Industries—the reasons go on, but all he can think about, is why him? Why not Steve? Why not anyone else?
Made completely out of bolted together metal, like a badly stitched blanket. The air was moist and humid, yet the room managed to feel freezing in his ripped jeans and stained white tee. Tony glared around the room once more, getting no other information and bowing his head. His dirt and blood stained converse scuffed against the ground, eyes already glaring over and slowly dozing off into a sleep.
A blond haired girl suddenly started making out with Sam, who was contently playing beer pong, before pulling him into a spare room. He heard the doorknob shake a little, before it flicked into locked.
He pocketed the phone, smiling softly. His brain still quietly thumped, and Tony made a mental reminder to take some Advil. God, he needs some Advil.
“I’m the exact definition of a wallflower.” He muttered, talking into his drink. A brown haired boy behind him snickered. Steve turned around, suddenly face to face with a kid in his AP class. Tony, was it?
“Tony,” he enunciated. “Take the jacket, I’m fine. All muscle, keeps me warm.” Tony pouted, taking the jacket anyway.
The blond laughed as he saw Sam slug out of the room he went into, sans girl, with a dopey grin on his face. “‘Course, Tones. See that? That’s my buddy Sam. Just got lucky.” Steve gestured with the cup in his hand to the door, and Tony laughed hysterically.
He felt a hand grip his shoulder while he crouched down, and turned to meet Steve’s bright blue eyes. “Hey! What’s up?” He asked, grinning.
“Thank you, Steve.” He smiled, pulling it on. It was warm, and smelled like Old Spice. God, it was so so warm.
“I think we’re tied for that.” The kid muttered as a clarification, eyes shining in the lights. He was hot, to be frank, even if Steve did have a little beer coursing through his bloodstream.
“You don’t need to thank me, Tony. I have a lot of fun with you. I’ll see you on Monday. You sure you don’t want me to drive you home? I really don’t mind.”
He walked down to the car as Bucky helped get Steve lucid and walking again. He pulled both of them into a quick hug and patted them on the back, before handing each a large sweatshirt.
“The city. My parents live there. Right now, I’m staying with—a, uh, family friend.” Steve laughed at the secrecy. “You don’t have to tell me anything you don’t want to, Tony. I won’t push.” Steve added
“You’re going to regret saying that once you see how much he sucks at pre-calc, buddy.” Bucky interjected, and promptly got swatted my Natasha.
Steve swallowed the lump in his throat, resting a hand on his shoulder. “They’ll find him, it’s okay.”
“Sir, Mr. Stark has been placed under a strict, no visitors policy. I’m sorry, but—“ She pushed her glasses up the bridge of her nose.
Tony heard running, and then a loud boom that sounded like thunder collapsing. He waited out the bomb, particles of rock and metal slicing his skin and burning against his sore chest.
“Hey, guys!” Sam said, grinning widely. He did a quick handshake with some tall guy in a leather coat, before devoting his attention to Natasha.
He was almost knocked off his feet when Bruce rammed into him, chin against Steve’s shoulder. Tight arms wrapped around his shoulders and heartbreaking sobs breached through his chest. Steve took a step back, placing a hand against Bruce’s head. “I’m sorry, Bruce. I’m sorry, God, I’m sorry—“
Steve kicked his feet up, and started riding to Tony’s house, following the directions Tony gave him at the house. It was quick and adrenaline rushing, and god, so, so, good.
Maybe Natasha was right. Maybe he wasn’t good for them. “You know what, I think I’m going to head home.” Tony said, and Steve frowned at him.
The next play, Bucky caught the ball and scored a couple yards. She grinned, pulling the blanket around herself again, and leaned against Bruce.
“Fuck!” He yelped, grabbing the bottle before it could spill more. Natasha let out a small snicker behind him. “Natasha, you can’t go around saying that to people—“
Steve shakes the thought out of his head. He felt his phone rhythmically pulsing, pulling it out to check who was calling.
Tony didn’t seem to think so, scoffing at the nickname. “Pepper Potts, thought I could mingle or whatever, since I just moved here. You probably knew that, already. And, kid? Really?”
“Thank you, thank you—“ Steve took a deep breath, and backed away from the desk. His phone vibrated in his pocket, and he walked over to the waiting area to call and text everyone back.
“You know Bucky? Good guy. Shitty guy for leaving me hangin’.” Steve looked away, waving his hand into the mass crowd gathered in front of him. He glazed around the crowd for his friend. He found Bucky, doing jelly shots in the kitchen with Clint. Go figure. “Whatta ‘bout you, kid?” He added for good measure.
Instead, they talked about the football game coming up and how excited Steve was to be a starter now.
“I was at a party. To make new friends here.” He mumbled, flinching at the slur of his words. He turned around to look at Howard, whose eyes were clenching shut.
Steve’s phone buzzed against his bedsheets, and he groaned loudly. “Every time I want to study, they can’t leave me alone. When I’m free? No notifications. Jesus Christ.” He muttered, head in his hands.
Yinsen tried asking for medical supplies, making tea, allowing him rest, but the plan needed work, and Tony was the source of energy.
“Well, here we are.” Tony said, gesturing to the small area coated in grass and various playground equipment. Steve unhatched his seatbelt, looking around.
He hung the keys up and smiled at the goodnight note from Jarvis next to the hanger.  He stripped clothes on his way to the room, remembering to take some Advil before he brushed his teeth.
“Ready to go?” He asked, cutting Steve off from whatever ‘we don’t just tolerate you’ sort of thing he was going to say.
Tony snorted, rolling his eyes. “No. I assume you’re not, either. Which one of your friends dragged you here?”
“I texted her, already. She won’t be home until tomorrow morning, buddy. I’m sorry.” Steve nodded, blankly.
The two of them wandered over to the swings, taking a seat and swinging back and forth. “So, did you like living in the city?” Steve asked after awhile.
No, no, no. Bad plan. He’s gay enough, right now. He doesn’t want to over do it, especially if Steve is a macho gay. If Steve even is gay, at all. But, the way he looks at Bucky—
“Am I wrong! When are you leaving, a fucking week from now? Just dropping me with Jarvis and having him clean up your mistakes?”
Tony stopped himself from glaring at her. “Actually, no, it’s not. Thought you guys would be understanding about that, but I guess not.” Tony bitterly laughed. He leaned over the counter, hands gripping the edge. “There’s never a new fuckin’ start, is there?”
They lapsed into a comfortable silence, the windows rolled down and creating loud air tunnels in the car. Steve watched the scenery fly by, hair flying around in the wind. Soft symphony music played from the ratio, and Tony held back a smile.
Tony nodded, “The latter, please.” He breathed heavily, pulling himself off the chair. “Fuck, I’m gon’ feel this tomorrow.”
Tony left the half poured solo cup of liquor on the table, walking out of the room without looking back. He took his seat back next to Steve, who didn’t ask where he went and just brought him back into the conversation.
“You got real pretty eyes, Steve.” Tony grinned, wide and sweaty after a long period of silence. Steve laughed, eyes meeting Tony’s chestnut ones.
“Seeing as we couldn’t kidnap Howard Stark himself, we settled with you. The brains behind Stark Industries, huh?” The man stood up again, walking around the chair like Tony was prey.
We want you to build the Jericho.” Tony tried to not choke on that sentence, failing miserably. No one knew about that missile but his father, him, Stane, and the US Army.
As soon as he pulled the door open, he made eye contact with his father and Jarvis, sitting on the sofa. “Anthony.” His father started, and Jarvis already stood to be dismissed. “Go to sleep, Edwin. I’ll see you in the morning.”
Nope. Nope, nope, nope. No sudden crushes on cute football players you just met in a drunken haze tonight, who are definitely out of your league. Tony didn’t have that many self destructive tendencies.
Thor was tall, extremely literate, yet had no awareness of jokes or pop culture. (Though, he did give the best hugs Tony had ever received.). Natasha was...well, she was something. Tony couldn’t get a read on her, but she offered him a smile, so he supposed that was good enough (especially considering she didn’t do that to anyone else in this house.) Sam was cool enough, he allowed all his friends to get drunk at his house, to be fair, and he could tell a wicked joke.
“One beer, someone’s gotta be sober enough to deal with you guys.” Steve rolled his eyes, moving an out-of-it Tony to the car. Bucky laughed, and looked at Tony.
“I was thinking if you and Mom forced me to move out here, away from all my old friends, I might as well make some new ones in the shitty process.” Tony bit back.
“Y’know,” he started, getting out of the car. Tony followed in his footsteps, padding to his side as soon as he closed the car door. “I’ve lived here my whole life, and never have come to this park.” Steve finished, still looking around. Tony just realized the height difference between them.
After they boarded the motorcycle, Steve looked over his shoulder with a grin. “Hold on tight. Wouldn’t want you falling off this bad boy.” He laughed, patting he metal exterior.
She liked wearing Bucky’s jersey loud and proud. Bruce, on the other hand, was coddled in four layers and a fuzzy black blanket he was sharing with Tony.
Tony climbed in the car, a headache slowing creeping against his skull. “Shit.” He mumbled, starting the ignition. He just wanted to get home.
Clint ended up losing, thank god, with everyone still moderately dressed. Natasha still had all of her clothes, but Steve? He had the worst poker face Tony had ever seen; which, probably made him lose his shirt and pants, and god, if Tony wouldn’t kill to see that close up—
He instantly got a response, grinning down at his phone. God, he never smiled as much as he did before he met Steve.
The car ride back was cramped, Tony dazed as his arm was crushed into the door, Steve next to him and Bucky on the other side. Some guy with a mop of brown hair drove the car a few blocks down to Sam’s house, who was laughing in the passenger seat.
Tony looked around, seeming to just notice the change in scenery. “Thanks, for, hanging out with me, tonight. I know you have other friends and I, uh, don’t, but, I really appreciate it.” Tony chugged down another gulp of beer. They’re was a growing pile of red solo cups around them, due to Tony. Kid sure wasn’t a lightweight.
They shook hands with coaches and parents, chest bumping friends and fellow players, before finally running to their friends.
Steve chewed on his lip, shifting from foot to foot. A red solo cup filled with beer in his hand, and a uncomfortable look filling his features. Colored strobe lights danced around the room as sweaty bodies pressed against each other. Give it to his friends to leave him alone at a party with no one he could remotely deal with normally (and definitely not when they were drunk.)
“You just want an excuse for me to hold on to you, don’t you?” Tony quipped back, and Steve breathed out a hefty laugh. Tony could feel his back rise and fall with every breath.
“Then stop acting like he’s dead! He’s missing, Steve, not gone! What if he comes back and sees what you’re doing to yourself, huh?”
Tony dragged himself for as long as he could manage, before collapsing against cold cement. He had no idea where he was, but he heard distant yelling and something touching his torso.
Clint proudly stuck his chest out, ignoring Sam’s punch in his shoulder. He fake gasped, glaring at him. “How dare you!” He declared, grabbing him in a headlock.
“Nah, it’s fine. I’m gonna take a ride somewhere, I think. I’ll see you later.” He mumbled, forgetting completely about breakfast.
Tony laughed at his preciousness, “see ya around, Steve. Text me so I know you get home safe.” He threw in there, and Steve popped his helmet on. He gave him one last small wave and smile, before pulling out of Tony’s driveway and zooming away. Tony swooned for a second, before pulling himself together and sneaking into his house.
“Okay, yeah. Yeah, be out in a sec.” Steve hung up, looking at Tony expectantly. Tony furrowed his brows.
God, that works fast. Instead of yelling, he watched the metal door close behind the asshole, and heard the slam echo throughout the room.
“Don’t listen to them, if you wanna go you can. I can give you a ride back, if you want?” Steve offered, and Tony decided it would be okay. As long as he didn’t suddenly confess his attraction to Steve, all would be good.
“Okay. Work quickly.” A russian man responded. The rest of his group nodded, and then escorted him back to his cell with Yinsen.
Steve placed his gin and tonic down, smiling like there’s no tomorrow, to bring Tony to make his rounds.
“Can you grant me access? To his room, I mean.” Steve practically begged. Howard didn’t seem to care.
Steve looked down in his hands, holding the MIT sweatshirt that definitely belonged to Tony, and squeezed it in between his hands. He remembered borrowing this from Tony. He remembered lending it to Sam during football practice.
Tony snorted at the last line, hurrying to finish getting ready. He pinned a note on the refrigerator for Jarvis, just telling him where we was going, and grabbed the least flashy car he owned. His jet black Audi was nothing compared to Steve’s Harley Davidson motorcycle—god, that thing was a beauty. Maybe he’d let Tony fix it up for him as a gift.
Steve groaned loudly as he lost another article of clothing and Natasha smirked in the corner, still fully clothed. “Evil woman.” Clint muttered, eyeing her from his cards. She kept a flat face, glaring around at everyone else on the table.
“He’s missing, we—they think it—it’s for ransom money from his parents—“ Bucky hitched a breath again.
Tony gave a quick glance around, noticing it was a well-off house with a very large liquor collection. Steve kept a tight hand around his waist as he showed him a brief tour, and Tony ignored the sparks he got in his chest from it.
Tony dropped Steve off back at Sam’s, and popped in to say hi to everyone. Natasha smiled at him, and he took that as their gaze of forgiving. Or something like that.
Natasha. That’s weird. Three missed calls? Even weirder. Rhodes, Sam, Bucky—he shouldn’t be getting this many missed calls if it was something small.
“You alright, man?” The blond asked, concern creeping in his tone. Tony smiled at him, reassuringly.
“Really? You have to show me some of your work sometime. I’ll come to your games to see that talent in action, though.” Tony winked, and Steve blushed even brighter.
He smiled as Steve bumped his shoulder and laughed at something Bucky had said. Tony began laughing along with them, no clue of what the joke even was, grinning nonetheless.
“Oh, so all that news coverage of you going out, getting drunk, and then fucking over people isn’t correct?”
Too strong for my own good.” Sam wiped away a fake tear, and him and Clint bickered for a few more moments.
Bruce walked over and placed a hand on Tony’s shoulder. “You, my man, are fuckin’ pining if I’ve ever seen it.”
Tears started to fall down his face, and he called Jarvis, an emergency number given to him by Tony as a precaution.
“Poor thing, but hey, at least you’ll be extra preppy next game!” Bruce nodded, face red and eyes glittering under his glasses.
He quickly typed back a rushed response, and placed his phone on the bedside table for the night. He threw himself into the bed, only lying awake for a few minutes, before falling asleep with clean dreams of him and Steve.
He looked hesitant, between Tony and Howard. “Are you sure I cannot—“ He answered in a heavy accident, Howard shaking him off with a loose hand gesture. “Very well, sir. Goodnight Master Howard, Master Tony.” He bowed his head, and turned to his quarters.
“No worries. I was thinking we could talk?” She offers, and Tony nodded. They walked off into the kitchen, and Tony took a good look at her. She sure was a pretty girl, and if he didn’t already swing for Steve, damn, he’d go for her. Not that she would even consider looking twice in his direction, seeing as he’s a short twink with bedhead on a regular basis, but hey, it’s worth a shot.
“Sure, whatever.” Howard walked over to the receptionist, had a quick conversation, looked over at Steve again, then walked away.
Steve frowned, eyes crinkling evidently. “You’re my friend, now. You’re new here, so you can sit with me and my friends at lunch, if you want. And thanks for staying with me, I don’t really know how these parties go.”
“I,” Jarvis paused, sighing. “I don’t know, sir. His parents just left for Saint Joseph’s Memorial Hospital.”
Now that Bucky was in the room, he could smell the alcohol and see the empty bottles laying around. He opened his mouth, starting to bring it up, and—
“Mom, please.” His voice cracked and eyes began to water. She nodded, swallowing a lump in her throat. “Of course. Take all the time you need.”
