Usually he'd stay inside, just turn over again and go back to sleep – or pretend to sleep until he just can't anymore and gives up - but he's been drawn to the car more often lately.
Dean nods, teeth grinding and Cas's presence loud where he can still see him standing in the kitchen from the corner of his eye.
His words go unheard but at least Oliver stays upright and then he’s got not just a bright green frog backpack but also the 45 pounds of kid it belongs to hanging off of him. Dean picks him up and lets him wrap his arms and legs around him like the tiny koala he is and once he's settled, he bops him on the nose. “Had a good day?”
Dean just looks after him, can't quite believe this. His head throbs uncomfortably and when he reaches his hand to the back of his head it comes back a little bloody but not enough to be worrisome. Just a scratch that will accompany the headache he can already feel starting.
instinctively sits on his tongue, makes fear shoot through him and his chest tightens with such ferocity that he gasps for air. Only then does he realize how shallow he's breathing, how his heartbeat's hammering in every fiber of his body, and how there's sweat beading on his forehead. His voice sounds far off when he instead says, “Of course I do. You really think so little of me?”
Apparently, he managed to sound natural and calm enough though, because Cas says, “As soon as I’m done reading,” and then changes the subject to talk about how he saw a video on sleepovers in the Natural History Museum in New York and how it sounds like fun and how maybe they could do that together someday. He sounds excited and Dean readily agrees just to hear Cas laugh and delve into more detail about the whole thing.
“Stop judging me. It's my birthday.” He counts the shots out, figures four for each of them is not the worst she could have done. For now at least.
Oliver's voice rings loud and clear through the living room and it's followed by a gut-wrenching sob.
his mind always unhelpfully supplies when he wonders — but at the same time, it hasn’t let him catch a full night’s sleep in weeks. Because sleep means not being ready to spring into action. Sleep means darkness and too much room for thoughts of what-ifs and worry. Sleep means a stark reminder of how torn he feels about this whole thing. And ultimately sleep means waking up alone.
Charlie [10:39 AM]: What the hell? How did you go from marriage to wanting to break up in the span of months?
All in all, it’s a slow start but between coffee number two and some greasy bacon with toast he manages to become human enough to figure out that he’s got enough time to swing by his father’s place before driving to the garage. He doesn’t have his hopes up too high that he’ll find it quickly but at least this way the risk of running into his father is much smaller. Oh what Dean will do for his friends.
Cas's hands are cradled in his lap now, close to each other but barely touching. It takes everything in Dean to not reach out again and intertwine their fingers, instead he takes Cas's words as what they are — an offer to let him escape with at least some part of his dignity still intact — and flees to the bathroom.
“Dean,” she whines, tries jumping once, and nearly manages to knock the phone from his grip. She wobbles a little and he reaches out to steady her. She’s a lot drunker than him. She lowers her voice to a whisper, or what must sound like a whisper to her but is very much still normal voice levels. “I don’t want you to get hurt.”
Twenty minutes later he’s given up and accepted that the bathtub won’t get any cleaner at this point. He finishes what is left to clean in the bathroom and washes out the rags. His hands feel dry from being wet for too long and touching too many cleaners. He’s pretty sure there’s some lotion in his room — probably not what he intended it for back when he bought it but it’ll do the job.
He leans in again, drags his hands back up into Cas's hair to tilt his head, deepening the kiss. There's no resistance, just Cas following him. For a second at least before he takes a step back, breaking the kiss and most of their physical contact. He looked disheveled before but now he looks positively wild. Like he's ready to just jump Dean right there in the kitchen. It's written all over his face.
“Then yes, water is okay.” He straightens back up and reaches for the remote to turn on the TV more out of habit than the need for it. Out of the corner of his eyes, he watches Cas place both their glasses on the coffee tables, watches how he settles down next to him. “I’m sure you’d find a way to convince me. You always have before.”
“Yeah. Won’t make it back in time for your appointment otherwise.” He returns his focus back to the sink, rinses out the coffee pot. “Do you want me to put on another round of coffee?”
“Anything else?” Sam will probably kill him if he continues to give in to every single one of Oliver's whims. He should have expected it though. Because sure, he's playing babysitter but he's not going to lose his cool uncle status over it. And he's the coolest uncle, okay? No matter how many times the kid picks Cas over him.
Dean’s vaguely aware of pocketing his phone and getting up, while he says, voice flat, “Well, it’s your life.”
Bobby heaves a sigh — relief, hopefully, probably at the fact that he’s speaking — and says, “What kinda trouble did you get yourself in now?”
Another stroke — it’s stupid that he feels pleased about being right — and a more serious one at that if there was the need for surgery for Christ’s sake. That Doctor Anderson deems the surgery successful is something but the words
Dean shakes his head, the tips of their noses brushing. “I know you get off on this shit but please don't do that again.”
Ah and there it is, his father’s face turning stormy, his body turning towards Dean fully. “I don’t like what you’re implying there, kid.”
His "I thought you'd text me?" comes out a little too breathless. Because if Cas's still outside - probably walking back to his hotel - it means he called as soon as he got away from whatever he was doing this evening. His heart may skip a beat at that thought. Traitor.
When he's pulled awake again, there's loud cheering outside and yelling and the distinctive sound of fireworks somewhere in the distance. He blinks against the dim light in the room, the hand in his hair pausing.
“Right.” Dean can't help the humorless chuckle that escapes him but when he feels the way Cas's hand tenses against him, he bites down on it. “Sorry.”
Dean's wide awake in an instant. It's not that he knows something's wrong but there's still dread settling in his bones while he forces himself up. He takes a second longer to wake up fully when he's upright, trying to figure out what Cas could probably want to talk about but drawing a blank.
“On your birthday?” He can practically feel Jo’s eyes digging into him and the offense on his behalf is loud. He huffs a humorless laugh that gets swallowed by people jeering somewhere behind them.
It's just a peck, more isn't really an option with how big they're both smiling still. But it's enough for the moment. And instead of pulling away afterwards, Cas drags his nose along Dean's cheek until he can burrow into his shoulder. He sighs heavy and relaxed. "It's good to be home."
“Thank you,” Cas says, like being allowed to take care of him is something special, and steps away into the kitchenette.
Oliver giggles. Just a little but it’s there and Dean feels his breath come a little easier, his heart calming down and his body losing tension. When Oliver starts wriggling, apparently deciding that the hug’s gone on long enough, Dean settles him back into the car seat, starting in on the seat belt again.
So he’ll take Oliver’s anger. He’ll take him keeping to himself, only seeking his attention once to ask for food, and breaking down in tears again when Eileen comes home.
They wait in silence for the light to turn green. Only when the Impala’s rolling again does Cas say, “I have a meeting tomorrow. Someone let slip what it’s about and it’s not unexpected but…”
He swallows it down. “But you’re stupid. There’s no world in which that would have been an issue for me. Not a single one. Keeping people, you included, fed is something I like doing, alright? And if you telling me had ended with me annoying you three times a day just to make sure you eat, whatever. It’s not like talking to you is a hardship.”
Dean blinks and blinks again and maybe there are actual tears in his eyes now. But fuck if he cares because Charlie’s right. She’s one hundred percent right. Neither Cas nor him have the best track record of talking about overly emotional shit but Cas tends to still be miles better at it than Dean. Even if he does it in a bitchy and passive-aggressive way most times but it never fails to make Dean break and start up the actual conversation. And how horrible must Cas feel now that he knows he could have begun fixing this with the simple question of
“I’m saying that I got offered a job at KU yesterday. A long-term one with a good chance of getting a position as an assistant professor.”
The chance to reply with snark and some well-placed swear words gets stolen from Dean by Oliver bursting into the kitchen. He’s crying and holding one of his stuffed animals in one hand and one ripped-off leg in the other. He holds them out to Sam, a silent plea in his face.
And now Cas starts laughing, wet and broken but happy and Dean feels a warmth bloom in his chest. Who would have thought that being stupid, would turn out to be the smart choice for once in his goddamn life? Certainly not him.
“Cas.” A last-ditch effort to not ruin the days they have left together before Cas will leave him standing just like this but with a much harder to cross distance. “I'm sorry.”
He forces his eyes open while fishing for his phone underneath himself. For a split second he's confused why it won't turn on, then remembers actively shutting it off.
"I don't mind, you know, not getting anything." Cas clears his throat. "Being able to celebrate Christmas with you is enough."
"I'll be back in a second," he promises. They linger a heartbeat longer then drop away. Dean keeps his trip around the motel room short, collects a fresh bottle of water and a chocolate bar from his bag, a clean shirt too, and then a towel from the bathroom. He doesn't dare to turn on the light, too scared it'll wedge itself between them and clear the air.
And Dean drops his head forward, can't help the short laugh bubbling out of his throat. This. This is what was missing, what he could've used at any point in the weeks since this mess kicked off. And he'll get to rejoice in it, take a hot second just for himself to enjoy this. Just as soon as they've gotten Sammy fixed up.
Cas doesn't seem too upset about being ignored though, because while Dean moves from the bar back to the part of the group they came here with and joins their conversation, he can feel his phone buzz against his leg from time to time. It’s a stark reminder of when they first became friends and if Dean’s honest, it feels good. He hadn’t really realized it after the break-up — well maybe he had but he never wanted to admit it — but over the last week, it became very clear how much he missed being somebody’s first choice, somebody’s first thought. And maybe he’s being unfair to his friends and family, who do invite him out and ask after him and enjoy having him around but it’s not like he didn’t notice how the frequency of that tapered off after it became clear that one, him being in Lawrence was not a novelty anymore and two, he was not in immediate need of distraction after the break-up anymore. He’s also very aware that it takes two but again, he’s not complaining openly, just aware of it.
one time was already enough for today, thank you very much. And Sam had warned him to be patient, to just let Oliver feel his feelings because he’s new to loss,
Dean shakes his head, forces his eyes back open — he didn't even realize he'd squeezed them shut — to glance at Cas. His face is drawn tight, worry written all over it and Dean’s heart fumbles a little. “Nah. Just yelled at me.”
"Drink. And eat." It's not a request but an order. He presses both into his hands - he should have bought Cas dinner, he should have done so much - and while he drops the shirt on the bed, Cas holds out the bottle back to him. His hands still shake.
“You wanted to what now?” Because in what world would that even make sense, planning to surprise him with the news of finishing and then turning around to break up with him? Like, did he just want to pull a disappearing act with his shiny new degree? Was that supposed to be the surprise but Dean messed it up with his letter? God, he has no idea where to even start with unpacking that.
Michelle smirked. "Oh please, he was a rat and you know it. Besides, nothing like a little public execution to show the family their place."
He has a new freckle just under his nose. It’s tiny, but it’s there. Dean caught me staring again today and reminded me that it’s ‘creepy’. I can’t seem to help myself.
"I really hope that's you and not another person comin' to hit on me," he chucked as he turned around.
Castiel took the water bottle and held it up, showing Dean that he was complying before taking a sip.
It's three pm and the sun in blazing through the hole in the dining room ceiling. He's already peeled the sweat soaked shirt off his body and tossed it in the dumpster (because, ew) along with a metric fuckton of debris and he's not even halfway through clearing the room. He's sitting on an old green cooler full of ice and beer, breathing heavily and holding his drink against his neck while cursing Sam for sending him the picture of this place. He knew it was going to be a lot of work, hell that's half the reason he bought in. He wanted something that was
Nodding solemnly, Castiel sat on the red floral comforter on the bed. "Lucifer has. Naomi---," he sighed and ran a hand through his hair, "I think she's too drunk to even realize what's going on."
Dean bit the inside of his cheek to hide a smile. He felt Castiel's muscles coil underneath his fingertips, gently applying pressure where shoulder met neck. "You tryin' to get a massage, Cas? I usually save those for the third date," Dean joked. He shifted onto his knees and pulled Castiel against the back of the tub to get both hands on him easier. His thumbs worked small circles around the knots in his shoulders while his fingers rested on the sides of Castiel's neck. A content hum rumbled in the back of the creatures throat when Dean pressed harder. A shimmery hand rose out of the water to grip the side of the tub as Dean applied more pressure.
He ran a hand down his face while staring at Castiel’s business card, contemplating his options. It was no secret that Dean Winchester was bisexual, he’d just never acted on it. Sure he’d check guys out from afar and wonder what it felt like to be with a man, but when it came down to it, he always chickened out.
"Apologies. Personal issues needed tending to," he muttered. He looked down at the man he was currently pinning to the floor with his foot. The man gasped and choked on his own blood.
Tensing every muscle in his body, Dean bit his lip and came into his hand. His back arched off the bed as the thought of Castiel calling out his name while he was driving into him from behind.
Castiel panted into Deans shoulder before rolling to the side, the orange haze slowly dissipating around them. Dean rolled his head to the side and smiled. "That was incredible."
"And what, Sam? I ain't a fucking hunter like Bobby 'n Ellen! What exactly do you expect me to do about it?"
The sound of shattering glass stole their attention. A metal clinking sound, a flash of light, then warehouse erupted in a thunderous boom. Dean's eyes pinched closed and Alistair shielded his with an arm. The small room filled with a dense white fog in seconds, then all hell broke loose.
“You’re the one who wanted me to ‘get out of the hut’. Deal with it.” Castiel let his fingers sink into a bowl of dried Evening Primrose but stopped when he felt a chill run up his spine. He whipped around and faced his brother.
Sam wrapped an arm around her shoulder and pulled her close. “She’s right. If Amara is as powerful as you say she is, none of this will work on her.” He sighed and ran a hand roughly down his face. “Are you sure you can’t just—I don’t know, talk to her?”
The cellar door smashed off the wall, nearly breaking the hinges. Tiny fragments stuck to the brick and tumbled down the stairs, some finding their way under Castiel's dress shoes as he descended.
The creature waded a few inches closer but stopped when Dean gasped. Pulling its scaly eyebrows together, the creature once again copied Deans motion and pointed to itself. It opened its mouth and the sound that came out could only be described as a gurgling growl. It reminded Dean of the alien from the movie
Castiel opened his mouth just before the blade and Dean's cock were thrust inside, smearing come and blood across his tongue.
your favorite," Dean asked, knowing the answer already. Sauntering towards the angel, he lowered the blade to Castiels throat. "Tell me how much you love it. I know you do."
Clark tipped his head back, preparing to smoke out of his body. Black smoke started pluming between his lips before he felt a hand around his throat. He was lifted off the ground until he could barely reach the floor.
“You’re calling yourself part of the Winchester’s family?” The redhead barked a laugh and leaned down to the Gabriel’s ear. “You’re nothing to them. You’re a pathetic excuse for an angel and they only use you when they need something.”
“A little? Cassie have you seen the way you two look at each other? It’s like no one else in the room exists.”
Rowena raised a perfectly shaped eyebrow at Dean and smirked. "I apologize for the mess. It's not like I had actual hands I could use to clean up after myself. Oh, by the by, thank you for removing that dreadful racoon carcass. That was in there for
Dean laughed loudly and reached out to pat his brothers shoulder. "Fuck no, I ain't comin' back. Crowley here set me and Cas up with a pretty sweet spot. Isn't that right?" He looked to Crowley and raised and eyebrow. "What the fuck you doin' here anyway?"
“Don’t worry,” Castiel soothed him by touching his arm. “We aren’t going far enough to pull the bond.”
“All I do is hurt the people I love,” he muttered against his tear stained pillow. He buried his face deep into it to shut out the pulsating neon glow of the motel sign. “I’m no good. I’m–I’m just nothing. I’m nothing,” he sighed.
. Like he--he couldn't deal with Dean turning. He just--" Sam took a deep breath and tried to hold back the tears stinging his eyes, "he just left."
Dean's smile, his beautiful green eyes, and the look of utter happiness on his face as they laid in bed together flashed through his head on a loop. Things he would hold onto for the rest of his life and likely never see again. Dean was going to die.
"I haven't. Not since I found him in there. Feels---" Dean shifted in his seat and gripped the wheel tight, "feels weird just leaving him."
“Real subtle, Gabriel,” Lucy sighed. “Hello, you must be Charlie.” Lucy held out her hand towards the redhead.
To say this story kicked my ass is an understatement. I hope you like the ending and forgive me for taking 2496 years to finish it.
“If you’re making healing potions, might I suggest Echinacea? It’s good for colds, infections and even wounds.” The merchant offered Castiel a small pouch.
"I've provided you with utensils, Dean," Castiel chided. Dean replied with a smile, his cheeks sticking out like a chipmunk.
“How didn’t I see this? How didn’t I figure it out?” Dean muttered to himself. He grabbed his phone and slunk to the floor, opening the app they’d met on. He scrolled through the texts and pictures they shared and inspected each and every one of them. None of them showed anything personal about the other, no glimpses of bed sheets or shampoo bottles in the shower. No defining marks on their bodies.
“Come to papa,” Gabriel says as he wiggles his hips. Jo reluctantly reaches across the circle and pecks him on the corner of the mouth before slinking back to her spot on the floor. “My turn,” Gabriel grins as he rubs his hands together.
. He fucked into Dean deeper and harder, chasing the feeling creeping it's way up his chest. An orange fog settled around them and lit up the room, sparks crackling overhead.
“Are you going to play nice with the others?” The head rolled its eyes then blinked twice. “Good. Hold still.” He lifted the knife to it’s mouth and gently cut away the yellow twine holding the heads mouth shut. Once free, the head opened it’s mouth wide, stretching it’s jaw.
“No, Cas. Listen.” Dean held his hand up and took a step forward. “What I said–before you left I mean–an’ I guess in my prayers, too. I just needed you to know. Need you to know that it ain’t your fault.” Pinching the bridge of his nose and sighing, he approached the angel carefully. “None of this shit is your fault. I’ll never forgive myself for what I said to you. An’ all the crap I piled on your shoulders?” His voice shook as his eyes began to tear. He looked the angel in his eyes and held out his hand. “I never should’ve treated you, of all people, like that. I’m so fucking sorry, Cas. I can’t–I’ll never be able to tell you how sorry I am.”
The witch sighed and rested a hand on the side of the doorway. Dean watched his face contort and his shoulders hunch.
Dean frowns and flips to the next page. Looking at the spine, he notices alot of the pages are torn out.
"Thanks, sweetheart," Dean responds, letting his fingers linger on hers a moment too long before turning to the register.
“Except of course the Winchesters,” he added, smiling shyly at her witch. She reached out and held Dean’s hand. “Could you at least give him a shot before turning him down? He looked so broken when you left.”
A collective sigh filled the bathroom as Bobby poked his head in the bathroom. "The hell ya'll doin' in here, each others makeup? Git on out here and help us."
Castiel smiled back as swung his legs over the couch and dug his toes into the dirt. “You didn’t have to do that,” he muttered. He walked over and sat next to Dean, yawning loudly.
is Castiel pinning his brother to the floor. His heavy tail wound around Sams' legs, holding them stock still, while his talons are dangerously close to piercing the skin of his shoulders. His mouth open and snarling, razor sharp teeth snapping at Sams' face and neck while the man underneath struggles to throw him off.
Castiel frowned. "I don't like the idea of going to Heaven. They aren't my 'biggest fans' as you would say."
"Why should I believe a fucking word you say," Dean shouted, pushing him again, enough to make Castiel stumble back.
Castiel inhaled sharply through his nose as his groggy eyes flew open. His body jerked in response to the touch of the demon nuzzling his nose against his throat.
There's about an inch of dust on everything and Dean can already feel his nose tingling. The furniture covered in white sheets look like the ghosts that are one hundred percent likely to be haunting this place, but Dean is almost excited to see what's under them. He hears Lisa's heels clicking in the distance as he runs a finger over the fireplace mantel, wondering how the hell this place is ever going to be de-grossed.
Dean knelt down next to him and cupped his face. "Heya, Cas. So, Bobby called. Uh---I don't know how to tell you this but---" he sighed heavily, watching water drip down Castiel's shoulder where a whole mess of scales used to be. "He thinks their back. The ones that did this to you."
"I know a lot happened tonight, and you'll need time to process everything, but if it's not too much to ask I'd like you to stay here with me tonight."
"Yes," Castiel mumbled into the pillow. He turned his head to Dean and smiled. "Does that make me a bad person?"
"Yes," Dean moaned, answering Castiel's unspoken question. He sighed at the loss of Castiel's hand, but only briefly. It returned moments later, wet and warm. Dean slumped over the table and groaned at Castiel's finger entering him.
"A little," he admitted. "Getting better now though." He licked his lips as his eyes bounced from Dean's eyes to his mouth. "I want to kiss you, but I'm not sure how you feel about smoking." He licked his lip instinctively and looked down at his cigarette.
"Ollie?" Castiel almost cooed. "Isn't that sweet. You know, I never had a nickname," his hand shot out and wrapped around Olivette's throat. "Not until Dean, that is. Funny how the ones we love the most change us, isn't it?" His grip tightened as he spun her around, holding her back close to his chest. Resting his chin on her shoulder, he whispered in her ear only for her to hear. "My wife---my family were innocent. They didn't deserve what you did to them. And now you're going to pay. You're going to watch as
Castiel laughed out loud and tossed Dean the towel. He pulled out his wallet and plucked out a card. “Kinbaku. Look it up, then,” he shrugged, “give me a call if you’re still interested in peeling my clothes off.”
"Yeah. Yeah fine, whatever," Dean huffed, smiling briefly at Castiel. He held out his hand to take Castiel's plate, and bit the inside of his cheek when he felt Castiel brush his fingers across the back of his hand. Castiel nodded to the brothers before pushing off the edge of the pool and sinking down into the water. "No swimming for thirty minutes after you eat," Dean shouted playfully before he shut the door.
"When's the last time you shot one?" he asked, inspecting a magazine before sliding it into the well of the gun.
Dean stood in front of the man and slapped him hard across the face. His head jerked up as his eyes flew open.
"Yes, thank you, Dean. I know," Castiel sighed. "Excuse me," he said before standing and walking out of the room.
"Whatever, you're just jealous." She leaned over and pecked Sam on the lips. "So, Cas, you going to to Niagara for New Years?"
Castiel smiled warmly and reached up to hold Dean's chin. "You're so---good," he whispered in awe. He pulled Dean closer by his jaw, licking his lips and staring at the younger mans mouth. "I look forward to eradicating that one day."
“It’s worth a shot. What are we waiting for? Let’s go.” Dean tugged Castiel’s hand and pulled him towards the door.
“I suppose I like the idea of it? The only ones that ever turn out alright are my healing potions. Anything else and it’s just a huge pot of slime.”
Dean pushed past a thicket and held it open for the witch. “So when we get to the river, how are we gonna do this?”
Castiel huffed a laugh. "I'm not paying for the drink." He pulled out a folded piece of paper and slid it across the bar. "I'm paying you."
"So you're saying you could essentially lock Dean in a cage, deep in hell, and have him believe that he's merely spending time with Feath--," Rowena shot an apologetic glance towards Sam, "with Castiel? Would the angel have to be there with him to believe it?"
"Hey, none of that," Dean cooed, his eyes flicking back to their normal beautiful green. "If you're good, I have a surprise for you later, ok?"
"Isn't this adorable," Lucifer sneered sarcastically. Castiel sighed and lowered his head as Dean bristled. He turned around and faced the man with a hard look.
Dean quickly kicked the blankets away and spread himself out of the bed. He pulled himself out of his boxers and pumped himself until he was fully hard, biting back a groan. He pressed record on his phone and took a short video of him stroking his cock before sending it.
Castiel sighed into the kiss. With a roll of his jaw, Dean opened willingly and took what Cas gave him. They held each other close as before pulling away for air.
“What? No. Wait—what did you know?” Dean quickly swiped the glasses off his face and crossed his arms.
Cas takes Deans hand and stands on shaky legs, letting himself be lead into the dark corner of the basement.
Alistair sat on a desk looking utterly bored as he twirled a butterfly knife in his left hand. The corner of his mouth lifted up in a sneer. "That's what I'm hoping for. Y'see," he said, hopping down and sauntering towards Dean, "Cassie has had it comin' for a long time, Dean. That little shit had Dick too scared to do anything against Michelle and the family. 'Castiel this' and 'Castiel that'." Leaning down into Dean's space, he licked his lips and smiled. "Not for much longer. He'll be dead," he slowly pushed the tip of his knife into Dean's shoulder and twisted, "you'll be dead, and I can rein supreme. No more big scary Cas to keep me from my rightful position."
“Dean,” Castiel breathed out. His hand rose out of the water and reached up to grip the familiar gently by the back of his neck. He moaned loudly when he felt Dean’s stubbled chin press into his shoulder and his mouth wrap around the sensitive skin there. His eyes flew open and saw his reflection in the water. Bright orange eyes stared back at him as he gripped Dean’s neck tighter.
Before Dean could react, his front door was shoved open and slammed against the wall. Sam barged through the room, covered in sweat and blood.
"Dean, we should get ready to go," Castiel said quietly. He rose from his chair, Deans hands still holding onto his shoulders as he turned to kiss him. Dean pulled him in and held him close, making a show of the kiss.
Deans fingers brushed against Cas' throat lightly before he rested it on his shoulder. "Figured I'd ask before I do stuff like this in front of your family. Gotta make it look like we're a couple, right?" Dean pulled his hand away. He walked back into the bathroom with his clothes, leaving Castiel completely alone and confused on the bed.
Shucking off his coat, Castiel looked over his shoulder to make sure Dean was still locked in the bathroom. "We're at a motel for the night."
Slowly, he released Deans arm, helping him straighten it out. He pulled himself out of Dean and tucked himself into his boxers, zipping his pants up afterwards. He pulled at Deans hips, signaling him to stand. Dean slowly rose off the desk, wincing at the pain in his arm as he rotated his shoulder a few times. He turned around, red faced and panting.
He felt Castiel tremble underneath him which elicited a brand new sensation to course through his veins. He raised an eyebrow and leaned in, licking Castiel's bottom lip. Castiel groaned and opened his mouth, licking into Dean's as he cupped the mans cock.
He settled on long sleeve dark red Henley shirt and dark blue jeans. He tousled his hair in the mirror until he was satisfied, giving himself a wink. He pulled on a brown leather jacket and his boots before giving himself a once over.
Sure, he got great tips when he wore his skin tight black shirt and jeans that hugged his ass like it was their job. The tips were decent, making just enough to support himself and his brother, Sam, who was in his last year of college. And let's face it, Dean is hot and he knows it. With a wink and a crooked smile he can land anyone he wants for the night.
"Aww, look at you all worried for little ol' me," Dean cooed before kissing Castiel on the lips. His hand threaded through the other mans hair before he pulled away and smiled. "I promise. Cross my heart."
He tossed and turned for hours. His skin felt like it was crawling. He hadn't been away from Dean for any amount of time in a while and it was unnerving. He could hear Dean yelling and growling from the dungeon which just added to his problems.
Castiel looked down and wrung his hands together. “My apologies. I didn’t–-You aren’t in your familiar form.”
Castiel blinked back his tears. Crying only spurred him on. He loved getting any kind of negative reaction out of Castiel.
Dean cried out when Castiel's cock pounded into his prostate, immediately coming into Cas' hand and down the side of the desk. With a cocky smirk, Castiel lifted his fingers to Dean's lips and teased them open. He dragged them over Dean's tongue, feeling him lick at them greedily. Castiel fucked into him hard, shouting as he came inside Dean's fucked out hole.
not need to be," he waved a hand in the air, "you know. But if he does," Dean looked at Cas with a frown, "I'll deal with it."
“Interesting. That’s very unfortunate for you. I hear he’s quite the dud as far as witches go,” the figure chuckled darkly.
Dean looked down and huffed. "Is it that obvious?" He looked up through his lashes, watching Castiel's eyes widen slightly.
Castiel sighed into the water making little bubbles pop near his cheeks. He straightened his back and rolled his shoulders, groaning when something popped.
He folded his clothes and set them on a large bench that sprawled the length of the room before wrapping a towel around his waist. His hand hesitated on the doorknob for a moment.
A very stiff looking maid lead them down a hallway towards the back of the house. Like Castiel's, it was lined with portraits of creepy old men, but Dean didn't recognize any of them from Cas or Michelle's house. The angry maid opened the door and ushered them inside, half slamming the door behind them.
Dean’s breath caught in his throat as he laid eyes on him for the first time in months. He dropped his weapon and started running towards the battered angel.
Castiel stuffed the book under his pillow. “I’ll be right there,” the ex-angel said quickly. He walked towards Dean and cocked his head. “Was there something else, Dean?”
“I don’t–I haven’t said this to alot of people, cuz it only hurts in the end, but Cas,” his chin quivered as his voice shook. He closed his eyes and steeled his nerves. “I love you. I can’t live without you. I don’t wanna live without you.” Tears flowed freely down his cheeks and soaked their way into the collar of his flannel. “I don’t even know if you can hear me, but I needed to say it. I had to try.”
Bobby looked at Dean and followed his gaze across the street. From inside the shop he could see the owner marveling at her freshly blue hand.
Dean looked down at Castiel's hands. He was wearing a sleek looking pair of leather gloves. He nodded quickly as he pulled Castiel back in for another kiss.
Dean barely held back the groan bubbling in his chest as Castiel hiked his tail higher between his legs. His hands rested on the creatures hips, rubbing gentle fingers over the scales there.
Dean balked. Not even Sam was ever this blunt about whatever was going on between him and Cas. He shook his head and whipped his machete into the dirt next to his feet.
"Your poor mamma," Alistair whispered, nodding his head towards the picture that had fallen on the ground. Dean's eyes flicked to the worn picture just as Alistair shifted on his knees. Dean saw a flash of silver and the sting of a blade in his gut before everything went black.
Castiel licked his lips and Dean noticed the hint of purple on his tongue. “I would assume so. When Gabriel found Lucy he immediately let her in the castle and they shared everything. Not that–” he held up his hands, “I don’t expect you to give up your life outside of this. Just—if you need or want anything I can and will supply you with it.”
Sam's eyes widened. "You really think that matters to me? No, Jesus, Dean it's not because Castiel is a
Dean almost fell to his knees hearing Castiel say his name. The strange sound in his throat was now clear and gravely (but in the sexy way). Dean could almost envision what it might've sounded like when he was human and it made his head swim.
“Thank you. It was hard on all of us. I didn’t see mother for a month after she passed. And then—,” he trailed off. He grabbed the bottle and filled his glass again. “Then mother died.”
better with a knife than a gun." Castiel's eyes widened as he felt the blade nick the skin on his cheek. Dean leaned in close, his breath beating off the other mans face. "After all, it's in my blood." A wide grin spread across his face before he leaned in and licked the spot where he sliced into Castiel.
Dean laid on his side and propped himself up on an elbow. “And that something else was being stuck in your room?”
better shape. Swimming must be a damn good workout because this thing was sporting muscles Dean didn't even know existed in his abs and flanks.
“Oh, sorry,” Chuck laughed. He let go and waved his hand towards the castle. “Please, you must be thirsty.”
Castiel smiled up at Dean as he raised his arm out of the water and pointed at his brother. "Sam," he whispered.
Michelle squinted her eyes and smirked. "I really hope you do, Dean. It would be such a waste of pure talent if you changed your mind."
Castiel sighed and turned towards his brother. “I suppose you’re right. I am exhausted.” He yawned and stood, taking one last look at Dean before walking over and flopping down on the couch. “I can’t believe after all this time I have a familiar.” He smiled and looked to his brother. “Did you have an immediate connection to Lucy?”
she thought as she gracefully jumped into Sam’s lap, immediately rubbing her face against his chest.
Castiel shook his head quickly. “No I’m fine, thank you,” he lied. He set the jar down and turned to face Dean. “I have no idea what I’m doing,” he confessed. “I’ve never—I haven’t even fostered a familiar before. I truly don’t know what I’m supposed to do.”
Castiel sucked in a breath. He stood quickly and glanced to Dean. “I’m---I’m not feeling very well. I need to go lie down.” He walked briskly to his room and shut the door.
“Castiel,” Gabriel breathed out, watching the color creep up his brothers arm and flash in his eyes.
Castiels fingers ghosted over Deans cheek and behind his ear, gently taking hold on the back of his neck. “Dean that’s not necess–”
"Alright," Castiel nodded, "then I don't see a problem here. It may take me some time to keep my hands under control, but I promise, I won't touch you until you ask me to."
Dean reached his free hand up and rested it on the back of Cas' neck, pulling him forward so they could rest their foreheads together. "I promise. I can take people talkin' shit about me. But Cas," Dean sighed, "if anyone starts in on you---", he shook his head and closed his eyes.
"What? You've never given your boyfriend a pet name?" Dean turned on his turning signal as they came to a stop.
Sam swirled his beer bottle across his knee and snorted a laugh. "This is like a movie or some shit. I can't believe it's real." Sam looked up at his brother with his eyebrows raised. "You think Bobby'd let me take a look at the books he showed you?"
"Say goodbye," Castiel whispered in Olivette's ear. Her body thrashed against Cas' as Sam dragged the blade across the witch's throat. Blood poured out of her, streaking down her black cloak, making it shine even in the darkness. Castiel shoved Olivette to the ground and listened to her gasp and sob.
Castiel reveled in the water beating down on his back. He closed his eyes let his head hang between in shoulders, watching the blood and dirt flow off his body and down the drain. He sighed contently. For the first time in a long time he felt ok.
Gabriels’ mouth fell open, spit dripping off his lower lip. He let his tongue slide beneath Sams’ cock, letting it slide over the mans balls.
"Dean," Castiel mumbled from behind him. The familiar spun around and watched as Castiel rose slowly from the couch. His shirt was askew and where normal tan flesh should be, orange streaks spanned across his chest in jagged patterns. Dean looked down to his own bare chest and gasped when his skin lit up with the same marks.
"So let me get this straight," he crossed his arms and huffed. "If I don't tell Cas that--that I---," Dean cleared his throat and whispered, "that I love him, you're
within a few hours. He's running on caffeine and four hours of sleep, not to mention the adrenaline that shoots through his veins every time he glances at the pool house, which--let's face it--is every ten minutes. He can picture Castiel in there curled up in the corner of the pool, listening to the crow caw and just....waiting.
Dean looked around the hut. “Then why do you live here and not in some fancy house on the top of a mountain?”
After they closed up shop, Dean jumped in the Impala and sped towards the bar. What if Cas came back to the bar? What if he was waiting for Dean to come back? What if he just royally fucked up his chances at ever seeing the guy again?
Once he was finished shifting, he nestled down into the pillows, scratching and pulling at the fabric with his talons to make it comfortable. With heavy eyelids, he watched the witch sleep until he was too tired. His eyes slipped closed and he cawed quietly.
“DON’T. Touch. Him.” He held the bird close enough to his chest that he could feel it’s breath against his neck. It seemed to slow it’s breathing as it unknowingly nestled into the mans arms.
Dean's head whipped around as Ellen laid her hand on his and patted it gently. "Thanks, Elle," Dean muttered with definitely
"Watch him," Castiel whispered, sliding his gun across the seat. Dean picked it up and twisted his body so he was facing the backseat. Castiel revved the engine and squealed the tires, jetting out into the street.
Dean willed himself to fly away, to go tell Castiel about what he found, but instead he felt himself reach out a talon and scrape it across the stone floor.
Michelle laughed and sat back in her chair, crossing her arms. "Well that's a good question. Luckily, I'm in the room with two assassins." She looked at Castiel with a raised eyebrow. "I'm sure we can figure something out."
Dean bit the inside of his cheek and glanced across the ice to see Castiel helping a little boy onto the ice. "If I can be frank, ma'am--"
Which is why Dean finds himself in Stull Cemetery in Kansas, being beaten to a pulp against a cracked gravestone. His neck is craned backwards and he can vaguely read the name “Erickson” on the stone through the blood in his lashes. He swipes his dagger blindly through the air at his assailant, screaming out with each thrust.
"Hey," Dean tugged on Cas' hand to get his attention. Castiel looked over with worried eyes and a frown. "It'll be ok. I'm here."
“Thank you, Dean. And he’s right,” he turned to his sister who was scowling at Dean. “The castle never felt like home. Michael made sure of that.” Anna opened her mouth but Castiel held up his hand and faced his familiar. “Father will be calling on us shortly, Dean. Would you come with me please?” He held out his hand and Dean took it immediately and let himself be lead towards the throne.
Dean could feel Cas tense, the slightest bit. He adopted that expression that showed he was uncomfortable with giving the answers.
"I'm guessing the treatment is working. The more human he becomes, the less he is affected by the magicks that are infused into the sigils."
Cas couldn't help but engage him. "What?" He asked, trepidation mounting as he waited for an answer.
Once in the kitchen, Dean let the facade fall away a little as he always did when he was alone. His shoulders slumped, and he took a moment to brace himself against the counter. He didn't want to admit just how much Cas had scared him. He knew he was overreacting a little. Not that a serious infection
Dean didn't look any more confident than he felt, but after a moment, he too settled back in place, his head against the angel's shoulder. They didn't speak any more, instead laying in an increasingly comfortable silence until they both found rest again.
Dean's eyes snapped back to face the angel. "It was me." His expression darkened, eyes still black. "They were innocent… screaming for mercy, and I-" His voice cut off and he looked back down at the blade in his hands.
Liam finally pulled his arms down to wrap around his knees. He nodded again, shifting his eyes up to look at Cas who gave a small awkward smile.
Dean felt his cheeks growing red as he tried to piece together the puzzle. "We were heading for an ambulance." He tried to scoot away from Cas but his eyes clamped shut and he hissed as white hot pain spread over his ribs. He took a second, holding his breath and letting the stars clear from his vision. Too fast, that was too much movement, too fast. He resigned himself to staying in place for the moment, though he didn't let himself relax back in place.
Cas just put the book down without comment, rising to his feet. He turned and walked towards the back room again. "I will see you in the morning." He said simply, crossing the salt threshold and quickly closing the door behind him.
He saw the flare hit it's mark, and heard it's screams as it went up in flames. Cas fell from the tree, hitting the ground hard.
Sam ducked out of the room, returning rolling a new wheelchair, shoving it over near the angel should it be needed. He unrolled a pair of stocking like socks, unrolling them and shoving the blankets, going for Dean's foot without receiving permission or giving warning.
Dean eventually stopped asking if there was any news. He didn't really want to know when there wasn't. Sam and Cas didn't comment on it, instead carrying on with their research away from him.
But the feeling disappears as quickly as it came and leaves only shame in its wake. He feels like he’s going to throw up again. Realizing he still hasn’t answered, he shakes his head, drops his gaze back to the floor. What the hell is wrong with him today? “If you want to, go ahead. I don’t.”
“Uh touchy,” Dean hums, doesn't bother changing the subject though. For once he's in a good mood, Cas deserves to be too. And not just during the call. So sue him for badgering. It’s all he can do right now anyway. If he was with him, he could play other cards but this way there’s not much choice. “Which part is it this time? Your dissertation? Your students? Or did Milton rip you a new one again?”
The realization about how he’s literally backed into a corner already — counters to his right and behind him, kitchen island to his left — kicks in a second too late, only when his father is right there in front of him. Right there between him and the only way out. Dean’s faintly aware of how he bumps into the edge of the countertop while he steps backwards. His father follows and then there’s nothing between them but a few inches of air and the pillow that started this.
“No, sir,” he grits out between his teeth and leaves for the kitchen. He's met by the heavy smell of whiskey hanging in the air and it settles heavily in his body with each breath. He presses his lips together. There's a broken bottle on the floor, amber liquid covering tiles, and splashed on the wood of the kitchen cabinets. He opens the window before even starting on the clean-up. Seems like his thinly veiled attempt of placing the alcohol deep within the cupboards to discourage his father from reaching for it, backfired spectacularly. But the alternative – properly hiding it or actually throwing it out – would be much worse. Because there's being stupid and then there's denying his father alcohol.
He's aware of his ears rushing and his knees buckling but he has no idea how he ends up sitting on the floor, back against a wall and hands wrinkling paper he made so sure to keep clean and smooth while writing on — he still fucked up, had to scratch out a word here or there, left a smudge on the bottom. And while Dean stares at the paper and his own words stare right back, he realizes he fucked up.
She nods and moves away while he lets his eyes slide down to the other end of the bar, watches the people there laughing and talking, loud bursts of noises coming from them from time to time that ring over the usual bustle of the place. College kids, probably. Man, he misses having proper nights out like this. No care in the world for a night. Feeling invincible and on top of it all.
“You there, Dean?” Bobby says after a moment of silence. Dean can hear the familiar noises of the garage in the background. God, what if he had gone there directly? What if he hadn’t gone by his father’s house? His stomach lurches again. “Kid, open your damn mouth.”
“Doctor Anderson asked if we wanted to see him,” Sam offers after a second. There’s hesitation in his voice like he doesn’t want to hear Dean’s answer, like he doesn’t want to offer his own in return. For a moment Dean wonders if Sam’s scared of being judged for whatever he wants here. They have different relationships with their father. They have different hangups and troubles and Dean’s aware that where his own have only gotten worse with time, Sam and their father have reached some sort of level ground that doesn’t involve a lot of contact but where they can hold a decent discussion without one of them leaving in the middle or getting angry. Dean’s certain Oliver is the only reason for that and that Sam — maybe even Eileen — gave him an ultimatum and that their father actually took it to heart. Dean’s also quite certain he wouldn’t have done the same for him and it makes jealousy surge up in him.
They linger a moment longer, awkwardness growing along with the silence that stretches between them. Then Cas nods once more and walks away like it’s nothing.
Sam [10:31 PM]: Since you're being an asshole about this, have the pleasure of telling Oliver yourself that Cas won't be around anymore.
Except then he scrolls down further and a tweet from Eileen pops up. A picture of Sam and her kissing, Christmas decorations and a stupid self-made advent calendar behind them. It's so domestic it hurts and the caption "There's a surprise hidden here!!!" makes him roll his eyes a little. Because obviously it's her poorly hidden pregnancy belly. And why do they have to be so disgustingly sweet?
Dean's been dilly-dallying around all day, rummaging through cupboards all over the house and looking for something to do to keep his hands busy and his mind even busier. He finally settled on baking cookies. After all, it's his turn to host their Christmas potluck dinner and he might as well get started on some preparations - it's not like he has that much time left.
He stays strong, quiet but vibrating out of his skin at just this simple touch, walking just a tad too close the whole time, until they're finally in the Impala and Cas has barely closed the door behind himself before Dean is on him, crowding into his space, lips pressed together off-center and too harshly but then Cas's hands are on his face, tilting it just so and yeah that’s perfect.
Cas's voice is soft and right next to his ear when he speaks again, “Please just try to relax, okay? You had a hard day and I don’t want to make it harder.”
Dean didn't bring it up when he woke Sam to get ready to back up Donna. He dismissed the dream and before too long, forgot about it entirely.
The hunter tried to ignore the uncomfortable silence building around them. He wanted to leave… he knew he should leave. The anger was building in his body, and the last thing he wanted was to direct it at Cas.
The movement stilled, and he felt the figure leaning against his side tense in response. "Cas?" His voice was still rough and quiet, but it seemed a lot more oriented than before. Dean looked up, realizing he was basically in Cas' arms. "Whats going on?" He asked slowly, trying to recall basically anything that happened after the hospital.
Castiel turned back to look at him directly. "And before that the angels only fell because I did not heed Naomi's warning."
As soon as they were to the door of the shed, Cas put Liam down as fast as he could, prying small arms off of him and all but shoving him inside, watching him run all the way in and crouch against the back wall. Dean thrust the dying torch into Cas' now free hand and began rapidly scratching the symbols he'd need to stop the wendigo from reaching them.
Dean sat in silence for a few minutes, the gears in his head turning as they tried to catch up to the current situation. He huffed a small annoyed sigh. "You get that you're basically kidnapping me right now."
To see Dean even upright and talking was a miracle in itself. Still. Cas could see Dean was barely holding his head above water as the waves threatened to overtake him. Some moments he seemed alright, but just seconds later his thoughts would wander, and then the pain would creep into his expression. He was doing well to hide it, but not well enough to fool Cas.
"I keep recalling memories. Both recent and of the last few years… but with each memory comes a flood of emotions I never truly could feel before. It makes resting very difficult."
"This is all too fucking much. I don't even know what happened, Cas. I don't know why I-" The hunter began pacing, an impulse he did not give into often. He stopped almost as quickly as he started, his back to the angel. "Everything happened so fast, everything yesterday happened so damn fast, and I... " He whipped around, and froze, taking in whatever expression Cas was wearing now. It wasn't indifference… if Dean had to guess, it was pain.
Dean shook his head. "I don't know." He took a brief look around the interior of the car before shrugging and writing it off. "Weird feeling."
"You're welcome." He reached into his jacket and pulled the first blade out into the open. Neatly flipping it around, he tossed it to Dean who deftly caught it in his hand. "You left in such a hurry, figured you didn't get a chance to collect her."
Dean found himself too tired to disobey Sam's order anyway. Once Sam left them to their own devices to go do
Sam continued, "We lock you and Cas down in the cabin, and Kevin, Charlie and I will keep looking for an answer."
Cas had watched him move from place to place, activity to activity. He wasn't really sure what to do. Looking at the time, he decided it might be a good idea to try and give Dean something to focus on. "Dinner?" He asked.
The silence this time was comfortable. Cas let it stretch on for a while before he spoke again. "At least it is warmer here than New York."
Sam shrugged. "Honestly, still don't really know." He admitted. "Never seen anything like it before."
"Yeah, fine Crowley, but if you know where it is, just go get the damn thing and ventilate her yourself."
"As am I." Cas let out a sigh. "There is a large possibility the spell that nearly killed us was intended as an attack against me by the angels."
The demon was quiet for a second. "I know." He said, despite having his doubts. "But these sigils are suppressing your grace at least a little, right?"
Dean cleared his throat, speaking without directly looking at the angel. "With Abbadon, for a while we capped her with a devil's trap and kept her head away from her body."
Cas regarded Dean carefully, not letting his guard down. He could see the power falling off the hunter like wisps of black smoke.
"Sorry babe. Don't feel like it." He let his hands drop to his sides, feeling himself start to let go of the pain, of the doubt and uncertainty that plagued him constantly his entire life. He let himself start to embrace the side of him that wanted freedom. Wanted to live a little. His demon half.
"Didn't expect to see you conscious." Sam admitted. He tried to hide the concern and fear that he had felt the entire journey to the hospital from Kansas, but it was hard to completely mask.
When Sam woke it was daylight again. He sat up, feeling an intense rush of alarm as his brother was nowhere to be seen. "
"You're a dead man." Sam growled, lunging at him, hitting nothing but air as Crowley easily blinked and appeared behind him. He whipped around trying yet again, this time watching as the demon reappeared on the other side of the car.
Dean quickly took stock of Cas' condition before feeling some of the tension to work back out of his body. "Hey." He greeted softly, allowing himself a moment to stretch his cramped limbs out. He settled back on the edge of the chair. He directed his eyes back to Cas. "How are you feeling?"
The angel nodded, feeling a flash of residual horror at watching Dean plunge that blade through Kevin's throat.
Dean was back in his room, just finishing getting dressed after cleaning up, when he heard the knock. "Yeah." He invited.
Dean cleared his throat, feeling a heat rising up his neck he'd rather ignore. Forever. Until he died. "We booked it. Crowley was outside, had already taken care of Malachi and maybe half a dozen others. Then we met up with you and-" He gestured up at Sam's head, and his brother knew what he meant.
"Was there an obvious trigger, do you know where it originated from, did you notice anything weird?"
Crowley watched the hunter carefully. "Got pretty far from the bunker, I'm impressed. The further the distance the harder it is."
He had sat in the chair by the fireplace as well as the tables both near the wall and the kitchen. He had tried at one point to sit on the couch, but Cas had pushed him off both times he attempted contact.
Cas breathed deep, the grace feeling first like a comforting warmth. He smiled for a moment before the warmth grew quickly into a burning fire, spreading through his body. He choked out a strangled cry as the flames of his own grace wormed their way through his blood, overtaking and hollowing out the stolen grace. He swayed backwards, surprised to find himself gathered in the demonic hunter's arms. The demon staggered and they both stumbled to the ground.
Dean frowned, throwing his fed jacket into the back of the Impala. He slipped in behind the wheel, starting them towards the motel he had booked a room at on the way to the station. "I don't know. Maybe. Black dogs like to play with their food for a while, so it's possible. But we have to find it's den
Cas simply gave a single nod. The angel took a moment to place the other snacks on the back seat, laying the water bottle down between them. He let the silence stretch on for a few moments while Dean reluctantly finished eating. He tried to take in Dean's demeanor. He was definitely drunk, but Cas hadn't expected anything else. His body language was tense, somewhat hostile even. And it seemed that his presence had only made it worse.
Dean has no idea why that is even a question but apparently, he wasn’t clear enough. “I’m literally talking to him, Sam. And we ran into each other twice already. On accident mind you. Also your kid’s shit at keeping secrets.”
Bobby shrugs his shoulders, takes a big sip from his cup. “Furniture, apartments. You know the usual stuff you could use to build a life.”
, thrums through his head. It’s loud and clear and still so bright and new that it immediately sits at the tip of his busy tongue. He hasn’t said it once, not even to his own reflection, too aware of what it means and how he can’t take it back once he’s voiced it. Not that he’d want to. For all that the thought is new it feels comfortable,
Especially not with how easy his morning had been so far. Waking up mostly well-rested — meaning without a headache from crying too much and without an alarm ringing — and to a note from Cas with his current address, a reminder to call if he needed anything and a little smiley face, had made it easy to forget for a moment what had happened yesterday. Not just his father’s stroke but everything between Cas and him as well.
“Of course.” There’s a smile on Cas's face now, small but very much there, as he drops his gaze to the salad dressings he’s still holding in his hands. He looks almost embarrassed, while he turns to place one of them back onto the shelf. “It’s just what you’re supposed to say. When you run into someone you-”
“What if I never can?” He snuffles, can feel his lips wobble. His eyes burn with the pressure of tears and he blinks too quickly.
He’s still holding onto them but Charlie pushes a hand into the folds of her dress — pockets, the dress apparently has pockets — and pulls out her car keys. She dangles them in front of his face. “Treat it nicely.”
Dean checks his watch, it’s past seven already. He really lost track of time there and god he's not even hungry. He shakes his head and hopes being close to tears didn’t leave too much obvious damage behind. “Lost track of the time, sorry.”
"Son of a bitch," he mumbles. He tries accepting the call with his elbow but gives up after a few hopeless tries, too worried about Cas hanging up to care any longer about keeping his phone clean. So accepting the call leaves a smear of flour, joined by a very visible fingerprint from turning it to speaker. "Cas, hey."
"Sorry, amigo." Garth's hand reaches out, hand coming to close and Dean straightens up, takes a step back. He lifts a warning finger. "No. Not even me, Garth."
Someone clears their throat behind Dean, says “Excuse me, could you-,” and he feels his face burn with a sudden feeling of being caught. He moves out the way in an instant, towards Cas, because forward is the only logical way and turning around would be so obviously wrong and look like running — part of him wants to so badly but the rest of him is screaming at him to not let this moment slip from between his fingers.
His fingers slip over the screen in his haste to redial Cas’s number. And then his phone is pressed against his ear again and rings and rings and rings and goes to voicemail. He hangs up, tries again but either Cas is ignoring him on purpose — which would be fair and is very likely — or he’s watching his phone skitter over the table with the call and is too much of a chicken shit to pick it back up — also likely but completely unfair because it makes Dean feel even shittier. He doesn’t want to fight about this any more than Cas does. When the call clicks through to voicemail again, Dean hangs up. The familiar background picture of Cas, cheek smushed into a pillow, with a toothy grin and squinty eyes, stares back at him. It taunts him all innocently and dangles better times in front of him and Dean chucks his phone onto the passenger seat, anger at himself and his father and everything taking over — not Cas though, this isn’t his fault. The phone bounces off the seat, lands in the footwell with a loud thud and Dean slams his fists against the steering wheel, feels the pain of it vibrate in his bones, and hopes it’ll linger.
"Not asking again, Cas," he mumbles and shifts his gaze out the window, feels shame and guilt settling low in his stomach, clawing at his insides. That he never even uttered the question of
broke up with you, I was under the impression you’d gotten this. And that you’d read it and said ‘no’ to all of it.”
It’s another step towards crossing the line. Because sure there’s been teasing between them the past week but there’s teasing and then there’s being obvious — which to be fair they both crossed that line during their conversation last night, and god how was that only last night? But that was a drunk call. Not them sitting next to each other after a fucking awful day. But it just feels so easy to slip into the old banter and Dean knew, he was one hundred percent aware when he invited Cas to keep him company that he wouldn’t be smart about this, that he’s too exhausted to not do or say something stupid. So he expects Cas to balk, to put more distance between them — Dean’s suddenly very aware of how close they are sitting and how small his couch is — but nothing of the sort comes.
With a sigh Dean tugs Cas's hand off his shoulder, brings it to his face, and moves his head just enough to feel his lips press against whatever part of it is closest — his knuckles by the feel of it.
Though maybe he doesn't have to mend bridges today. Because this shouldn't be about him. The damn kid understands this less than he does. So let him be pissed at him, let him be sad, even if it's painful for both of them. Maybe Dean even deserves his anger. Maybe he is at fault for making Cas say no and the break-up, even if he doesn't know what he missed or where he went wrong. Maybe Dean simply asked too much of him.
“Right.” Because they have things to get back to. Lives that don’t have anything to do with each other anymore, lives where they don’t see each other. Except Dean suddenly realizes how odd meeting each other here is in the first place. Because why is Cas in Lawrence, in a store and getting groceries on a Thursday morning? What logical explanation is there? But Dean can’t bring himself to open his mouth and ask the question when he’s not even sure he wants to know the answer. Instead, he says, “It was good seeing you.”
There's some shuffling and then Cas's hand is on his back. Warm, big, comforting. “Did he do anything?”
Dean knows that tone, has heard that passive-aggressiveness wrapped into polite singsong before and all that reaches his brain is the implied 'choke on it' and tempting the dragon to burn him alive.
He can hear his father walk away, leaving him right there in the hallway like he didn’t just ignore Dean’s wishes, like he didn’t just do what no father should. And Dean knows now for certain that every decision he made about keeping Sam — and Eileen and Oliver — out of this from the beginning was the right one. Because really it was just a matter of time before things would go wrong and even through the pain Dean knows that he’s happy it hit him. He’ll gladly take it every time if it means the people important to him are safe.
With a sigh, Dean wipes up the last of the alcohol and throws the rag into the sink. He's not bitter. As much as he saw the chance to get away and be his own person within the acceptance letter for Northeastern University — however, he had managed that miracle — it just simply went hand in hand with not being around and there when he should have been. Because there’s doing something for himself and then there’s sort of abandoning his brother with their father and hoping for the best. That Sam was all for it, practically pushed him out the door, didn’t help then and doesn’t help now. Dean’s really not proud that he still sometimes wakes covered in sweat, and the edges of nightmares about him not being there to step in when a seventeen-year-old Sam had confessed to their father about getting Eileen pregnant. It's never pretty. It’s never far off his mind.
“Then I’d tell you to seek professional help because it’s not healthy to hold a grudge for that long.”
He rolls onto his back, frowns, and presses his phone against his chest making the room go dark. The floaty feeling from before is gone, replaced with the all too familiar feeling of something he hasn't managed to place beyond just feeling shitty and lonely. He's been feeling it a lot lately. Even more so during the last few months - Thanksgiving, being told about the baby, Christmas parties. It's all just been a lot of friends and family and being surrounded by happy faces. But it left him feeling off more often than not, following him into the darkness of the night, when he'd be on his own again. When he couldn't even pretend that there's someone there to keep his mind occupied.
"Yes, that's usually how time works. Technically Monday already is tomorrow. And we both need to work."
Garth is standing there, holding out a knife - one of theirs, must have dropped from his pocket during the fight. He takes it.
And then they’re standing more or less next to each other, just the cart between them, and Dean can see how Cas's stubble is closer to a beard than a few days' worths and it looks just as good on him as he remembers. Better even because it’s been so long. Dean swallows, drags his gaze up, and forces himself to meet Cas's eyes. Even in the shitty store lighting, they look bright.
"I thought it was because of the pie?" Jack sounds honest to god confused. "Didn't you say it needed more time to be just perfect?"
So he's been the sole operator of this train for years now and knows by now that the only way to avoid being stupid about that mess, is by doing something even stupider. And what's stopping him this time?
Bobby picks up after four rings with a gruff, “About time, idjit. You gonna get your ass down here anytime soon?”
“Dude, we have March. You can’t tell me you missed a whole month.” Charlie sounds like she’s laughing at him. She probably is. He definitely deserves to be made fun of. He’s a fool. Has been for a while now.
The words are a double-edged sword and Dean throws himself into them, feels them bleed all over his skin. He pushes back, grabs and pulls at Cas until his shirt is gone, until his clammy skin is pressing against his roaming, searching fingers, until he's writhing underneath them - ticklish, human, not as in control - and he doesn't know who's comforting who here.
He ignores Cas mentioning the horrendous price of his ticket for the parking, ignores how his stomach seems to have not gotten the message that he’s not getting on a plane himself. They’re both quiet for the most part, letting conversations trail off in favor of hovering too close and hesitant smiles followed by sad looks. Dean isn’t quite sure why this is harder than leaving Cas back in Boston had been. How it’s harder than ending every single phone call that left them with another ounce of anger and frustration between them.
And then it hits him. This was Bobby. This was half a day spent at work, with them busy and at different ends of the garage. Not close, not talking much. Yet he still noticed that something was up.
“Obviously, you didn’t. But back then in February? I was hurt, god I was so hurt and angry and I couldn’t make sense of why you said no but I also couldn’t bring myself to ask you for an explanation, which was the stupidest thing I’ve ever done. God, you know I could have actually fixed this if I’d just opened my mouth. But you gotta know, I never-” Dean’s voice cracks and he tucks his jacket a little tighter around himself. “You have to believe me when I say that I never stopped loving you. And that everything in that letter is still true.”
“You know,” Dean says, feeling like he’s admitting a secret even if he texted Cas as much this morning, “I really appreciate the acknowledgment in your dissertation.”
"We've waited years, Cas." He wants it to sound petulant and annoyed but it comes out way too breathy and sounds so not like him. "You think we don't deserve to not wait any longer?"
Cas rolls his eyes but when he pushes at him again, Dean settles back into the driver seat. He straightens out his jacket, runs a hand over his hair, and puts the key into the ignition. Next to him Cas squirms in the most obvious way and pulls on the leg of his pants. Dean cracks up. “Missed me, huh?”
She doesn't budge when he goes to his bedroom but he knows she'll follow soon enough, preferring the spaciousness of his bed and stealing his ability to move over being alone. He places his phone on the nightstand, plugs it in, and starts pulling off his clothes, dropping them into the corner next to his dresser. He can clean up tomorrow.
It’s kinda funny how his body changed right in front of his eyes without him even noticing. Though to be fair, he hasn’t really been taking stock of himself as much as he used to. No reason to after all, when he’s only ever out to spend time with friends and family. His left hand doesn’t care either way and it’s not like he spends a lot of time in front of mirrors.
Cas wets his lips, looks back down. He’s frowning now but there’s still the careful set of his jaw like he’s ready to rip Dean's head off if he so much as thinks the wrong word.
He throws in some encouragements when Cas' breaths stop hitching as much and his posture relaxes a little. His "See? Didn't hurt you at all," even draws a weak twitch from Cas' lips. When he practically sags into where Dean's hand is still resting against his face a while later, exhaustion in all the lines of his face, his body,
Dean slumps further against the window frame, closes his eyes, and allows himself to pretend that it’s not just old times, that this is real.
"Okay." Jack shrugs his shoulders and disappears into the living room and by the excitement he's met with, Dean knows they have a few minutes left before someone will come looking for them.
The unsettling feeling of panic is there in an instant. Dean feels the edges of his phone digging into his palm. He straightens up. Fuck he should have known. He’s setting himself up for disappointment and he’s apparently not even subtle about it. “I’m not.”
He stumbles out of bed while he presses the phone to his ear, listens to it ringing. It goes to voicemail but he hangs up and calls again before it can so much as start rattling off Cas's message. And while he lets Miracle out of his bedroom, follows her to the backdoor, all of his insides pull tighter and tighter, only to explode when there's a click on the line and then a familiar gruff, "Hello?"
Only when he's standing in the arrival hall, eyes wandering, does he shoot off a quick text to his father, casually asking if everything's alright and following it with a simple ‘Oh, by the way, Cas is visiting during the holidays.’
Tonight. Not in the bright light of day but rather under the protection of the dark with only the dim light of Christmas in his home.
— and it lines his whole body and mind with exhaustion. It leaves him so tired that he can fall asleep the second he feels a certain form of comfort that comes and goes at random —
Dean shoves another fry into his mouth, fights against the thrum of his heartbeat in his ears. “We talked. It’s fine.”
He realizes with a start that he really hasn’t given a single thought to even the basic concept of getting his things from Boston to Lawrence so far. How is he supposed to do that? Driving back and forth during a single weekend is literally impossible, no matter how much he enjoys driving. So he’ll need to take time off too — he isn’t even going to think about how much it’s going to cost him for gas right now.
But baking cookies turned into searching for the recipes, turned into buying groceries, and turned into cleaning the kitchen beforehand just because. So he didn't realize how much time had actually passed.
“Yet you love me. Now, what does that say about you?” Cas is smirking, looking like the cat that got the cream. God, he's been here for a few hours and he's already driving Dean up the walls.
“You did what?” He can't quite keep the hurt out of his voice. Because he knows Cas has never been very comfortable around his father — honestly the only reason they ever stayed there during holidays was because of expectations and space and money. But him actually staying somewhere else would just be mean. Especially considering how Dean can't come with him and would be left with half the time he could have with Cas otherwise and-
Dean [6:06 PM]: Can’t make a 20+ hour drive twice during a weekend. But half the trip’s doable, so he’ll meet me somewhere around Columbus.
Dean swallows, forces down the sudden urge to yell at Cas for being this stupid. As if he’s worth giving up his dream job for. “Please don’t throw away an opportunity like that just because I fucked up. You deserve this and I know how hard it can be to get a job like that. And it’s-”
“He's-” Cas makes a frustrated noise, his voice turning sharp, “That doesn't mean you have to give up your life for him.”
“Shut your mouth, Charlene.” He actually feels his ears start burning, which is just ridiculous, and he brings up the beer once more to gulp down half of it. She’s right though. Sex usually is their go-to gift in combination with a lazy morning in bed if they can manage because Cas doesn’t do well with both the attention and the pressure that expected gifts bring with them. So they do sex or nothing beyond words, and gifts are instead a random occurrence during the year — like the grain pillow last week. But it's not like sex is what Dean’s after here. And it seems to be written all over his face as well.
“Since when do you care about the local news?” There’s the sound of Bobby pouring himself coffee and then the chair across from him gets pulled out.
“So she did what she's supposed to do then? I mean that's the whole point with her as your adviser right? Helping you do better and delivering work that's up to par?”
And it’s not like he didn’t have plans to come back, move closer at least, once he’d finished his degree. It just never happened because he’d met Cas. Cas with his dry humor and brain stuffed full of the most random things but never pop culture, his constant bed hair and three different trench coats, and a too-high tolerance for Dean’s bullshit to not become the best thing that ever happened to him. He was enough to wipe the thought of leaving Boston from the forefront of his mind and now he’s here, five years later, on his best way to seriously considering settling down forever, and sometimes life's just like that. You lose some, you gain some.
“She just tore it apart!” he bursts out, sounding very much stuck between punching something out of frustration and just wanting to lie down and give up. “My whole argument. And I know it wasn't perfect. I know that. But I had valid points and sources and everything fit together and made sense. I just wanted some clarification on a source before I continued working on it and she just-” He makes a frustrated noise, stops talking and Dean can hear his heavy breathing through the phone.
When he starts using the cookie cutters, pressing them into the dough and picking the shapes up to place them on the baking sheet, Dean decides to break the silence.
A hand on his elbow makes him realize he's standing in the middle of the kitchen and shaking. With anger mostly but there's the undercurrent of worry about Cas having to stay here, knowing he isn't welcome. He looks at Cas, his voice barely a whisper when he says, “I'm so fucking sorry.”
“Texting got tedious,” Cas says, matter of fact and straight to the point. “But I still wanted to talk to you.”
When he opens them again, it’s to the creak of his bedroom door and Cas's silhouette in the dark doorway. He must have turned off the living room lights. The faint glow of the alarm clock on his bedside table tells Dean that it’s been at least twenty minutes. He rubs at his eyes with the heel of his palm and rolls onto his side, facing Cas. “You’re still here.”
He jolts back upright when Sam calls his name. He blinks, the bustle of the hospital around him coming back to him. For a second he wonders if he actually nodded off — he doesn’t think so but then again he feels like he’s been run over anyway — or if he just got really lost in his head for a while there. But it doesn’t matter because Sam’s right there, wide-eyed, a little frantic, and Dean is up in a second. He pulls Sam into a hug. “Sammy.”
That Cas is actually there when he pulls up to it — sitting on one of the swings and looking a tad bit creepy with his trench coat billowing in the wind — is a fucking miracle. Again they haven’t been here that many times and one of them was in the middle of the night so it’s not like Cas had much to go on to get here again. But he did. And he looks up when Dean slams the car door behind him a little too harshly but he doesn’t care, he needs to be where Cas is now.
Dean considers it for a second, presses the phone against his chin. Is it bad? Not really. He meant it when he said he wanted everything with Cas. That includes letting people know about them. Still, his stomach is fluttering nervously just from the idea of telling people, that yes, he is indeed in love and Cas is his boyfriend. Or will be.
“We're in public,” Cas mumbles against his mouth but presses in harder instead of pulling away, one hand slipping up to tangle in his hair. And Dean's in heaven, surrounded by all things good – the scratch of stubble under one hand, a thumb brushing over his cheek, wet lips a promise for more and just Cas, Cas, Cas. Fuck, he missed him.
“So, first day as a waiter,” Jo says and grins up at him. She’s got her apron tied around her waist, the familiar logo of the roadhouse on it. It looks better on her than on him and she looks comfortable like she belongs and like she finds this whole thing hilarious. He feels a little bit like an imposter.
Dean grins at her while he takes the cup she gently pushes in his direction. He knows it does nothing to cover up how pale he looks, how dark the circles underneath his eyes are. “Better?”
- can't allow to take over his brain when he needs to be okay right now. He focuses on toweling Cas' hair dry, wiping the cooling sweat off his neck, shoulders, and arms, while the rustling of plastic and chewing are the only loud sounds in the room. There's method to Dean's movements and even more method to his even breaths.
“Then maybe I didn’t want to have him say no to my face this time. Take your pick,” Dean says and realizes, yeah, that’s absolutely why he’s not thrown caution to the wind yet and gone back over to Cas's motel room. A no through text would be preferable this time and hurt way less and oh how the tables have turned.
“Yeah, of course.” He laughs, mostly just to seem like he's making fun of himself for not keeping up with what's happening around him. Which he isn't. Not really at least. Or at least not for things that are more than a week away. Fuck, he doesn't even have a present yet. But hey, he at least already has a suit — he indulged himself there, went back, and bought not only the dress shirt but a new suit jacket as well. He even brought along his old dress pants, which still fit nicely, to make sure everything looked decent together. Figuring out a present on a month's notice can’t be that difficult. “You still sure that going out for drinks is a good idea? Garth only needs a beer to be hammered and I don't really want to end the night at a hospital. Pretty sure Bess wouldn’t like that either.”
Dean holds his gaze, says, “I love you,” and then, “You know that, right?” when Cas takes too long to respond in any kind of way.
“Can you show me where I hit you?” He gently runs his hand over Oliver’s hair, brushing his bangs out of his face, and waits the few seconds it takes before he finally lifts his hand and points to his chin. “Thank you.”
“She’s right, you've got time.” Charlie pats his hand. She’s still beaming. Jo looks equally as delighted. “But tell us the second you do actually ask him, please.”
Dean looks down at the paper but the words start to blur in front of his eyes. He blinks but while his eyes are too wet it’s not quite tears yet. His voice gets stuck in his throat nonetheless and his reply comes out croaky. “Okay. I’ll consider it.”
He swallows down the third name popping into his head and how heavy his chest feels all of a sudden.
He wanted them but he didn’t want to see them. Didn’t want to be reminded of all the good memories connected to the things inside. But Cas had taken that decision from him, had stuck them into a bigger box with Dean’s family pictures and cassette tapes, and had given that to Benny with everything else. Dean’s not sure if Cas did it because he thought they were important to him — they are — or if he just wanted to give them away like he’d intended to do before Dean had started his own collection with them out of sight.
“None of them mind.” “Maybe I do,” Dean mumbles, nudging his face into Cas's hand. It’s a subtle plea for him to keep his hand on him, to not take it back. There hasn’t been enough contact between them the past few days. A few stolen touches here and there while at home aren’t the same when they come with a risk and the ones in public just aren’t the same because there’s rarely any privacy to them. And while the touches during the night certainly count and are very appreciated, they’re still filled with a nervous current of
He throws a glance at the clock - nearly eleven pm - and then stares at his hands, covered in a mixture of dough and flour.
"You heard me, Cas." His laugh comes out more like a sob and holy shit when did he even start to cry?
Actually, Dean’s pretty certain that he’s already in over his head whenever he talks about his own feelings on the matter. He could probably use emotional support more than his father does at the moment. Because he’s constantly on edge, vibrating with the worry of the other shoe dropping — a second stroke is possible, the risk high enough especially if his father
He’s normally better than this, at keeping his to-dos straight and getting them done in a timely fashion, not needing to be reminded, not needing to be forced to think about them again and again. But this whole wedding business has become like pulling teeth. Too big of a reminder of his own fuck ups, too painful to consider. He’s not enough of an asshole to bail and not go, he doesn’t begrudge Garth and Bess for having what Dean so desperately wanted. They deserve it and he’s happy for them. Both bachelor party and wedding won’t take more than one and a half days if even that and afterwards he can go back to forgetting that things like weddings and marriage exist. At least for however long it will take for another one of his friends or his brother and Eileen to get their shit together. They’re at that age now after all.
Dean wakes to a dull thud, his hand already under the pillow, slipping over the carpet and he's sitting upright in seconds. His gun shakes in his hand, his mind dizzy and clouded with leftover sleep and muddy dreams, and at the end of the barrel, at the end of his makeshift bed, there's a slumped figure. It's making cut off wheezing sounds. Dean takes too fucking long to react.
He opens his mouth to say something — except he has no idea what — when Cas looks back towards him, eyes flicking down and something akin to recognition flashes over his face.
This time when Cas doesn't respond, Dean stays quiet as well. Because yeah it does matter. To Dean a lot and to Cas probably not in the slightest. It’s exactly why they ended up here.
He freezes mid-laughter, mouth caught open in surprise, and just stares. Because that is Cas. And Jack. But Cas more importantly. And he's looking back at him just as flabbergasted. His cheeks are flushed and Dean can't tell if it's from seeing him or just the cold outside air - they were in the car a minute ago, it can't just be the cold, right?
So he tries laughing it off even if it comes out a tad too forceful. He wipes his hand on his jeans. “What about 'don't worry about him, I'm staying' doesn't work for you?”
“You’re underestimating me.” She pinches his arm but her smile turns a little more understanding. “But I got your back if you need any help.”
There’s a traitorous part of his brain that tells him he was here because of Oliver, to see him and Eileen and Sam, and only them. Not Dean though. He probably didn’t even waste a thought on him and by now he’s surely back in Boston, going on with his life, while Dean feels a familiar ache in his chest. An hour ago he would’ve sworn he was finally doing better. But apparently, that would’ve been wrong because it’s become glaringly clear how he’s not.
Cas furrows his brows, tilts his head. "Yes? Like I said in the group chat when we discussed who was bringing what."
The rushing in his ears is still too damn loud and Dean tries to swallow it down, tries to bury the voices screaming in his head - his fault, his fault, his fault, if he just hadn't - with more soothing nonsense directed at Cas. It doesn't work but he can feel Cas shake apart in a whole different way now. His shoulder is wet, from not just heavy breaths but tears and oh god, he needs to keep it together for just a bit longer, let Cas be. Let him be human and experience this different version of shock, panic, pain without overloading him with Dean's own play of it - he could have died again and this time there'd have been no one to bring him back.
He doesn't find the folder. Well he does but it's not up to date anymore and there's a stack of already opened mail sitting on the shelf and Dean really hopes he finds everything else there.
Something clicks for Dean then and suddenly he knows exactly what to give Cas for Christmas. It's honestly an awesome idea and it won't even be that difficult to make. He's up, slipping into his jacket in record time and nearly out of the door when he pauses, turns back around, and smiles at Bobby. "You're the best, Bobby."
Sam [11:16 PM]: Going to the hospital isn’t the problem. I’m more worried about him ending up seeing dad.
The seconds that tick by until Cas's face slips into a careful mask of blankness, posture relaxing ever so slightly, feel like hours. “What is there left to explain?”
It’s what Dean’s been hanging onto. It’s what he's been hiding from Cas, fear of jinxing it once more too big to get him to voice it or even allude to it. He’s too scared of disappointing Cas again, even more so of making him feel like he’s not important in this choice. And he’s sure Cas caught on to him avoiding the subject of his father's health and just his father in general. Because really it shouldn’t have been this easy to just drop the topic from both their radars during conversations. He's actually pretty certain that Cas thinks things have taken a turn for the worse. Which really isn't the case and isn't helping but saying anything against it just spells more trouble right now.
, his brain tries to remind him but it’s a losing battle. Dean’s pretty certain he’ll still worry about him after one of them dies.
And then he's leaving to pick up Cas, his father still none the wiser and the excuse for his absence as vague as possible — some last-minute groceries that he does actually get before heading to the airport.
"Thank you," Cas says, polite but voice tight when the Impala is stopped before the Shop of the Gas n' Sip, engine still purring. His smile is even worse when he moves to open the door.
He feels both their eyes on him and then Cas's hand is covering his once more and Sam squeezes his shoulder and it’s not fair that he’s leaning on both of them right now, that he can’t offer the comfort he wants to give to his brother, that he’s just taking. He’s not the only one affected by this but he can’t think beyond how he hates being here.
Dean takes the last sip of his beer, shoots Charlie a grin when she waves at him from the small area that barely deserves the name dance floor. Garth is there, too, having the time of his life. Dean can’t spot Jo right now but he’s got a feeling she’s cashing in at the poker table. And since all the people he’s actively here for are occupied and don’t seem to vie for his attention, he slips his phone from his jeans. He waves the bartender over for a fresh beer, gives him a grateful smile when he delivers quickly.
“Oh.” Sam looks away, pursing his lips. “Well, I couldn’t not. He looked sad when I ran into him. I thought it’d cheer him up.”
attached because they lived there for over two years and they’ve been sharing their spaces even longer.
Dean doesn’t feel half as bad as he should, sitting across from Sam during a short lunch together and painting him the beautiful picture of everything being fine when it so very much isn't.
“I’m sure he’ll appreciate you getting over your fear of flying to be there when he was born. If he remembers.” Cas, the asshole, actually laughs. “I certainly do.”
Today he decides getting to the garage early takes precedence over five more minutes of this. So with a sigh Dean drops his pen and stretches his arms above his head. His back cracks and he lets a small groan escape.
Sure they apologized already. Both of them because they’d said things that shouldn’t have been said like that or at all. But when Dean can’t even see Cas during it, how's he supposed to know if he's actually forgiven or if it's just another empty platitude to get him to stop? Because he knows that Cas is stressed as well, that he’s rather not there at all instead of half-assing conversations and being terse with each other. But how’s that supposed to make Dean feel when words are the only real option here and the distance seems to finally become too much?
Then there's “Should we move outside?” and “It's nearly midnight. Maybe we should wake him,” and “Let him sleep, he's exhausted,” and he's missing the point because he nods off again.
Then there’s also that treacherous part of his mind that knows he wouldn’t be able to get it out anyway because he’s still hung up on Cas and knows he would carve like a house of cards when hearing his voice. So he yells at that part instead. Mentally, mostly.
“Then keep changing it.” When a few seconds pass without Cas doing as told, Dean reaches across him for the remote — still firmly in Cas's hand. Except he doesn’t even get his fingertips on it because Cas wraps his free hand around his wrist.
Cas's face smoothes out and Dean feels warm all over and it’s not just from the panic that’s still settled low in his stomach anymore. “Of course.”
Because what does it matter in the end if he’s got his plate full to the point of spilling already? It's not like it's new for him and it shouldn't be an excuse. His excuses never work out for him in the end anyway. And this — Cas — goes beyond that, is more important. He can’t fuck this up. When he pulls back from the kiss, Cas follows. His breaths are jittery and short where they fan across Dean’s face and he licks his lips, tries pulling him closer as if there’s any space left between them.
Dean smiles, lowers his eyes back to the screen, and tries to continue his work. But he can feel Bobby still starring at him and after a few seconds, he looks back up. "What?"
“One of the guys saw the driver come up to the shop and then turn tail a while ago. Figured there was an issue. You up for checking on him?”
is any indication — and it has to be — Cas never even laid a finger on this. It means he didn't read it. It means
They made other plans. Previously. Not even an hour ago on the drive back to the motel. But suddenly he doesn't feel like staying here any longer than necessary. An itch he can't quite scratch.
What reason is there for Dean to stay any longer and endure this? Sam said it himself, their father is fine, hell he showed Dean just now that he’s more than just capable of taking care of himself. He lived just fine by himself before his stroke and he’ll be okay regardless of Dean sticking around. He’ll go about his days like he always does.
Castiel walked up behind Dean and slipped his arms around his waist, mentally noting that they looked absolutely sinful together like this. He nuzzled his nose into Deans neck and whispered "Think of it as a very large family with an extraordinary amount of money that take care of each other. And when they don't," he raised his finger to Deans throat and slid it across slowly. Dean raised an eyebrow, spinning in Cas' arms. He reached up, gripping the side of Castiel's neck and kissed him briefly on the lips.
He healed almost instantly, no soul meant he felt nothing when he killed, no baggage, no worries, no reporting back to Sam. No work, no hunts, no expectations. He was free. All he had to do was what he wanted. Nothing could stop him from getting what he wanted. Which was very unfortunate for Castiel.
Looking up to the ceiling, Castiel sighed deeply. "I suppose it's for the best. If you don't mind," the angel gestured towards the door, "I am feeling very tired. I think I'd like to lay down for a while."
Dean licked the remains of the whiskey off his lower lip before texting back his number. Not a minute later his phone vibrated again.
Dean reached over without thinking and held Castiel's hands, stilling them in his lap. "I don't give a shit what she thinks about me, Cas. I can deal with stuck up broads. I do it all the time in the shop."
Dean nodded and took another long drink. "Yup. Got himself a pretty little thing I hear." He grabbed the remote off the bar and changed flipped through the channels.
"Cas!" Charlie playfully hit the man in the shoulder. "You didn't tell me Dean was going with you! How did that happen? When did it happen? Who asked--" " She stopped in her tracks when the office door closed in her face. "Oh no, uh-uh," she said loudly, jiggling the door knob. "Castiel Novak you get out here and tell me or I'm gonna go across the street and ask Dean." She heard Castiel sigh as the door pushed open.
"Shaddap," Dean grinned before pressing his lips together. "I just need'ta know if people can actually be happy--being with someone they know isn't their soulmate."
"Looks like this is it," Dean sighed as he put the car in park. It was dark and raining hard as they pulled into the motel parking lot. "I'll go book a room. You wanna grab by bag outta the back?"
"Loosen up, Cas. It's a party," the bald man raised his glass and clinked it against Cas'. "And this must be---," he man raised an eyebrow, holding out his hand.
“I know. Now, if you don’t mind, I came here to get some peace and quiet,” Dean hissed, pushing his glasses up his nose.
Hours passed and Castiel never left his room. Dean tried banging on his door and texting him but nothing worked. He even ordered his favorite pizza and blasted the Discovery channel to lure him out. Just as he was putting away the leftovers his phone vibrated.
They stepped out into a lush garden at the back of the house. Castiel lit up his cigarette and took a long drag, blowing it up into the night sky.
"K, not a big deal," he whispered to himself. "People go on dates all the time." His hands were shaking as he straightened his flannel. He checked his hair one last time in the rear view mirror before he climbed out of the Impala. He walked up the stairs to Cas' house two at a time and rang the doorbell.
Castiel swallowed thickly. “I found you laying outside my fathers chambers. Are you hurt? You’ve been unconscious for an hour or so.”
Castiel pressed the bottle to his lips and took a timid sip. He made a face and sat it down on the table. “This tastes—well I don’t know what it tastes like but I don’t like it.”
"Maybe we should put someone on him. It couldn't hurt to have extra eyes on the situation." Dean picked up a brown, stiff bristled brush and pulled Castiel by the shoulder, turning him around. Water from the shower beat off his back as he scrubbed Cas' fingernails. "You really should start using gloves," he scolded.
“There’s no going back, Castiel. There’s no fixing this,” she shouted over the growing storm. “Everything and everyone you’ve ever loved will suffer just as I have.”
“Aren’t you the prettiest little bird. What’s your name?” The chains clinked slightly as the figure shifted.
Her voice sent ice through Dean's veins, his eyes glued to her hardened face. "He died right after Samm---my brother was born. Died in a fire," he answered in a shaky voice.
“No, it’s not. Before we were interrupted I was going to say,” he sighed heavily and pinched his eyes closed, “I’ve never—been with anyone. Like that.” He gestured towards the center of the bed where they were laying moments before.
"He better be. I ain't payin' his tuition for him to fuck off and get wasted every night." Dean grabbed a rag and wiped down the bar, shoving Gabriel out of the way. "Not that he would, though. He's a fucking nerd."
"Alright?" Sam stood and put his hand on the angels shoulder. "It's not forever. Remember that, Cas. We'll get him back. For real."
"It's me....yes we're ok. I think," his eyes flicked to Dean and back out the window, "I think we're being followed....no, not one of ours....Dean," he turned to the other man who was standing there in shock. He walked up and calmly took Deans hand and gently squeezed it. "Did you happen to get a look at the license plate?"
Castiel shrugged. "I thought---maybe if they saw I was with a really great guy and that I was happy they'd back off on the 'You need to start a family, Castiel' bullshit," he said in a deep mocking tone while shaking a finger towards the windshield. I'm sorry if it makes you uncomfortable. You can just drop me off and---"
Dean's eyes flicked from black to green as he knelt down. "Anything for you, Cas. Let's get you cleaned up."
“So, there seems to be some development there.” He raised his eyebrow as he handed his brother a mug filled with ale.
"Not in the least," Castiel sighed and picked at his nails nervously. "We don't---I mean, it's not necessary that we--we don't have to show
Dean leaned forward, pulling the angel flush against his shaking body. Their noses brushed together, their breaths mingled in the small distance between them.
"Uncle! Ok? Uncle!" Gabriel shouted, holding his hands in front of his face as Dean cocked his hand back, holding a giant snowball. He huffed as Dean helped him up and skated away, muttering something about Dean being a stupid lumberjack.
Sam's eyed widened a fraction before he regained his composure. "Yeah, yeah ok, Cas. Why don't you go rest. I uh," Sam scratched the back of his neck nervously, "I kept your room the same as it was before. I thought maybe you'd come back one day and---"
Dean pressed his lips together tightly and grunted. “I uh, wasn’t sure if you’d get them. Thought maybe,” he waved his hand in no particular direction, “lost your mojo or somethin’.”
Castiel wrapped his arm around Dean's waist, pulling him flush to his hips. "God, I hope not," he smiled before lightly kissing Dean on the cheek. He watched as blush crept up the younger man's cheeks and peaked at his ears.
"Not like that. He doesn't ever have to know about all this. Although," he rubbed his chin with his free hand, "it would be nice to have a lawyer in our pocket." He chuckled when Dean scowled at him. "Kidding," he reassured. "But he
"Warehouse 7," was all he said before stuffing his phone back in his pocket. He walked over to the table and wiped his hands on the sheet before picking up his jacket. He looked to Dean and straightened the collar.
Smut, knife play, come play and a teeny bit of blood play in this chapter. It's not horrible or gross I promise. This is what happens when I get carried away.
“If he really is your familiar, maybe the bond you two share will be reason enough for him to return. But, Castiel,” Sam walked over and crouched down to the witches eye level, “he’s going to resist this. All of it. He never wanted this and it’s going to take some time for him to get used to it. Just, please be patient with him.”
Dean smirked as he kissed his friend's lower lip, gently sucking it into his mouth. "You ain't seen nothin' yet sweetheart." He lowered himself down Castiel's body, licking and kissing along the way until he was positioned between his legs. He nuzzled his face into the crook of Cas' leg and breathed in the scent of musk, feeling the heat on his cheek. He slowly licked up to his hipbone and bit gently, pulling a gasp from his friend. "You've never done this before, right?" he whispered.
He could feel Dean's breath on his face as he stood there, only able to stare into the other mans eyes.
Castiel tightened his grip and stroked him fast, bringing Dean to the edge of his orgasm. He bit down on the side of Dean's neck and thumbed the slit of his cock.
“You could take that off,” Dean said without thinking. Castiel stopped wiping himself down and raised an eyebrow. “Not–no. Not like that. I just mean–I could hang it over the radiator to dry.” He hooked his thumb over his shoulder towards the bathroom.
The bathroom door swung open. Castiel stood there in the steam from the shower, adjusting the towel slung across his hips. Water was still dripping from his hair and collecting at his collar bone. His bare chest was flushed and red from the heat. He ran a hand through his hair and looked up at Dean through wet lashes.
Each night, when his body forced him to stop and rest, he listened. Dean called to him every night. Cried out for Cas to forgive him and come home. Each night he drove longer and further, willing his body to fight off the call of a soft bed at some random motel.
"Don't worry, she wouldn't dare," Sam winked and clapped his hands together. "Alright everyone, I called Eileen here because she has some ideas on how to help Dean."
“I bribed the merchant with my feathers,” Dean said around his meat, his cheeks sticking out like a chipmunk.
The witch hung his head and sighed before turning around with a forced smile. “Anna, good to see you.”
Castiel turned to Dean, holding the towel against his groin. “What do you need, Dean,” he practically growled.
“I was unconscious, you fool! I didn’t know what I was saying! You should’ve killed the asshole and his idiot brother and took me home!”
They cleaned up and dressed in relative silence, sharing shy smiles and chuckling when Castiel tripped over his pant leg.
Castiel nodded and released his grip from the couch. He reached down to Dean's hand, running his fingers across the smooth gloves. "Will you---" he nodded to Dean's hand as he unbuttoned his shirt, peeling it away. Dean smiled and bit the fingertip of the glove, pulling it off. "Where?" Castiel asked breathlessly.
So he sits. And stews. And waits for a case. Because anything would be better than telling an angel of the fucking lord that you've been in love with him since you laid eyes on him.
"I uh, hope you don't mind," Dean said with a gesture towards the house. "I know it's still your place and all but---" he rubbed the back of his neck nervously as Castiel frowned, "It needs a lot of work." Castiel sunk a little further into the water and ran a finger across the edge of the tub. "I really like it here, Cas. I can see settlin' down and making a life here. This is what I do for a living so I just wanted you to know that I'll take real good care of the place ok?" Without thinking, Dean reached over and patted the creatures hand gently.
“Yeah, ok. Whatever you say.” Charlie counted the money before handing Dean back a twenty. “You’re shit at math.”
Sam pushed off the bed and walked over to the angel. "Promise me you'll stay here while we figure this out?"
Dean scoffed. “Look at yourself, Castiel.” The familiar turned the witch around and faced a floor length mirror in the corner of the room. He hooked his chin over Cas’ shoulder and ran his hands up his neck. “You’re amazing. Sexy as hell.” His fingers threaded through his wild bedhead. “Your hair, your body, fuck Cas, your
The witch looked at him with an unreadable expression but what Dean felt was unmistakable. His chest swelled with comfort and pride as Castiel smiled at him.
“Yes you fucking do,” Ruby grunts as she pushes Castiel. “Get the hell up and get in that closet or so help me—” she whispers into his ear.
there. I pulled out my knife and started swinging." He shuddered at the thought and closed his eyes. "We tried Dean. We really did. I got a few of 'em and Bobby did what he could but--" A sob caught in his throat and his shoulders slumped.
"More like cursed. Boy you have no idea what you've gotten yourself into," Ellen huffed with a laugh. "You best pack up what little you brought, cut your loses and git while you still can."
“Ok, that’s enough of that,” Dean muttered, gently pushing his brother off his shoulders. “Come on inside.”
The shop was gigantic, much bigger on the inside. A crystal chandelier hung from the ceiling, casing sparkling lights over the walls. Racks of suits lined the walls, large white seats were scattered throughout the store with chilled champagne in an ice bucket next to each one.
Castiel shook his head and pointed at himself. "Sor---" he cleared his throat and tapped a talon against his chest.
"Ok. There are clothes for you in the dresser. I'll be in the study." He kissed Dean gently on the cheek before leaving the room.
Sam pawed his way through dense thickets and ivy into a clearing. There was a small hut in the middle of the woods surrounded by flowering bushes and lush green trees. A small creek curved around the back of the hut and led into the front yard creating a small pond.
Castiel bristled. "Where is the guest of honor?" He looked around the crowd, obviously trying to change the subject.
Some first kisses were born from desperation. Some from joy, or drunken hormones. Some purely for pleasure or spite. First kisses are a dime a dozen. Some are so special that poetry is written about them, others are long forgotten.
Just as the thought crossed Dean's mind, Castiel turned around in one swift movement and faced the man. His eyes were black and his mouth hung open, desperately dragging air into his lungs and
"Are you ok? You seem---stressed," Dean crowded into Cas' space and let his fingers trace random patterns into his shirt.
Dean sat there for a while staring at the cooling eggs on his plate. He should be freaked out. He should be running to the police station screaming "My boyfriend is in the mafia!". But after processing last night, he was strangely calm. He finished his coffee an got dressed, impressed with the selection of clothing Castiel had provided. Then it hit him-
Dean felt a shiver slink down his spine as Cas reached up and wiped away the fog on the mirror. He watched as his muscles stretched under his tan skin and remembered he was supposed to be doing something.
"Samuel," Rowena ran her hand down Sams arm, "maybe we should entertain the possibility that Dean can't be saved."
“Well, shit, cher. I didn’t know nothin’ about that.” Benny sat up against a tree trunk next to Dean and let out a groan. “Hell,” he huffed. “Can’t even imagine what that was like.”
"OhmyGodCastielyouhavetotellmeeverything----" Charlie rambled on without taking a breath as Castiel pressed the END button. His phone immediately vibrated.
"Of course," Castiel smiled softly. He reached over and clicked the light off, drenching the room in shadows. The only light was from the moon shining in through the window.
Ellen walked back into the room and slammed a pile of books down on the table. "Get readin'. I'll make more coffee."
“Kinda like you on your knees in front of me. Gives a guy all sorts of naughty ideas.” He wagged his eyebrows and pulled harder this time, jerking Sam’s head back. Leaning in, he licked a stripe up Sams throat, loving the way it made him moan.
Castiel leaned against the frame and let Dean take it all in. He's silent and smiling, the ray of sun shining across his chest and face, sans disco ball effect. Which, yeah, that sucks because it was really fucking cool but
His heart sank and his stomach twisted. Castiel must’ve been walking further and further into the castle and stretching the bond.
Sam turned around and held a hand over his eyes. "Uh--everyone is waiting in the back yard. Food's ready and Ellen told me to come get you guys. Didn't realize you were---" he waved a hand behind himself, "y'know."
Castiel started a slow, even pace. Rocking his hips and trailing his hand down Dean's sweat-slick back.
"Cas, it's ok. You're home now," Sam whispered, trying to calm the angel. He pulled away and held the angels face gently. "Do you want anything? Water? You hungry? How about a shower?"
“Who? Who Dean? What happened exactly?” Gabriel asked as he reached out for Lucy. She wrapped her arm around his waist and held him close.
Castiel laughed and looked out the window. "Not exactly. We were raised to be hard working, family oriented people. Lucifer is her pride and joy," he spat.
Castiel pressed his lips together as he lifted a burger out of a frying pan and onto a bun. "Is that bad?"
"Allow me," Naomi said from behind him. She passed the woman a five dollar bill and handed Dean his skates.
Dean rolled his eyes and reached out, beckoning Castiel with two curved fingers. Castiel handed Dean the cigarette as his phone chimed. He looked at the screen and sighed.
Dean set his cup down a little harder than necessary and stood behind Castiel, resting his hands on his tense shoulders. "He came because he was and is my best friend and wanted to support me. Something I'm sure he didn't get much of from you."
Sam’s expression grew angry as he watched Castiel smile down at his brother. “One night. ONE,” he demanded as he shook a finger at Castiel. He looked around the hut looking for a spare room to stay in. Realizing that it was just a one room home with no bedrooms he sighed. “We’re staying right out there,” he pointed to the patch of woods they came through. “If anything, and I mean
Sam rolled his eyes. “Dude, you’re five. When we find the witch that did this and get you grown up again, you can have pie whenever you want. But for now, you and Cas HAVE to listen to me.” He turned to Castiel who just walked back into the kitchen, wiping his hands on his over sized t-shirt. “And NO flying.”
Dean rolled his eyes when the witch shrugged. “Ok then, looks like I’m taking the floor.” He began lowering Castiel back down to the couch when the witch gripped his arms tight.
Dean gets to know Cas' family a little better with the help of *ta-da!* Gabriel. I couldn't leave my baby out of a story.
He scuffed his way over to where Naomi was waiting and greeted her with a smile and an outreached elbow. "Shall we?"
The witch's eyes fluttered open. "I'm quite alright, Samuel," a smile tugged at her lips. She let Sam help her stand, brushing grass and dirt off her dress. "It's as I suspected." She turned to Bobby. "Your wife is quiet well. They haven't harmed her." Rowena smirked. "The mouth on that woman is incredible. I've never heard such a colorful array of words strung together before."  Bobby sighed and ran a hand down his face. "They are planning on using her as bait."
an associate, Dean blew past that last night...fuck. Fine. Set up a phone call with her as soon as possible for me." He slammed his phone on the desk with a smack and sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose.
"No, Dean! When are you going to realize you don't need to protect me anymore? Why do you think I sent you this house?"
Rolling his eyes, Castiel sighed and leaned forward. "Dean doesn't know what I do for a living and I'd like to keep it that way for as long as possible. Also," he pointed a finger at her that was holding his cigarette, "we know how this turned out last time you asked me to remove a guest from one of your parties."
They walked into a wide open area where very rich looking people were talking and sipping very expensive champagne. Dean tilted his head to Cas', taking stock of about a million dollars worth of art on the walls. One piece being the very same piece that hung in Castiel's home.
Dean sucked in a few more breaths before throwing his arm out to the side. "She was the one hitting on me at the bar."
The man sitting back in his chair with his arms crossed huffed a laugh through his nose while the other one leaned forward, lacing his long fingers together.
Castiel raised a book and lightly shook it in the air. "I remember you would read this to me whenever you were home." He flung the copy of The Velveteen Rabbit onto her desk.
He tossed the clothes into the basket held on his hip and walked over to the bed. Pulling it out slightly, he saw the word “CAS” inscribed on the front, and a bookmark about halfway through.
“Dean, I never meant to betray your trust. I just—,” Castiel stepped closer to Dean and laid his hand on the mans shoulder. “I just wanted you to be happy. You deserve to be happy and I thought—”
"There's a monster in the potty!" they screeched together. Someone on the other side of the wall banged twice and shouted something that sounded like
"I don't need the world to tell me who I'm supposed to be with." He glanced at Cas before looking back to his hands, his mouth forming a small frown. "I get it if you don't wanna date someone who's so against what everyone else is dying to find." He rubbed the back of his neck and sighed. "I think you're just wastin' your time on me, Cas."
Castiel walked up behind Dean and reached out before pulling his hand back. "Dean, I would never hurt or use you. I don't know what those other witches did to make your outlook on us so horrible, but I promise, I won't be anything like them."
Castiel looked down to Deans hands, kissing his knuckles. "You're right--I know. I'm just--," he sighed heavily, nuzzling into Dean's palm. "When we get in there, please, just let me do the talking. They don't know you and you're barely vetted. The families have all known each other for decades and you're so new. Plus with your dad---" Castiel pinched his eyes shut and sighed heavily.
During the next few weeks, Dean found himself sneaking into Cas’ room and reading snippets of the journal. He knew it was wrong, but it was nice to get inside the guys head every now and then.
Dean yanked Castiel in and kissed him hard, twisting his fingers into Cas' hair. "Stupid---so--so stupid," he muttered between kisses.
Castiel looked up at Dean through his lashes and held out his hand. Dean placed his hand face up in the witch’s palm, instantly marveling in the warmth radiating off it.
Lucifer barked a laugh. "Not at all, Dean-o." He walked up to Dean and patted his shoulder hard. "Glad ya could make it," he whispered before walking into the other room.
It was strangely beautiful to Dean. He watched an awe as Castiel leaned up and kissed Alfie tenderly on his forehead before dropping the pick to the floor. He pulled out his phone and hit a button.
“Then what are we waiting for?” Dean let his hands fall and slap against his leg. “We don’t need to stay here and watch potions boil. Let’s get going.”
Sam's jaw clenched as he shook his head. "Unbelievable. You know---" Sam pointed across the room, "Castiel is out there right now in danger, and you're just---what? Gonna hole up in here and keep working on the house instead of
Gabriel chuckled and clapped his brother on the shoulder. “Come on, Cassie. Let’s get your familiar a drink while he talks to his brother.”
"Haven't looked back since," Ellen smiled at her husband as she piled his place with eggs and bacon.
Chuck smiled wide. “We’ll make this as quick as possible so you can get back to the festivities. Are you ready, Castiel?”
Alistair smiled and looked at the blood oozing from Dean's shirt. "Oh he's right here, but I gotta say, Cas, I'm not sure how much longer he's gonna be conscious."
"Jesus," Dean huffed. He parked his car in front of the main door like he was told and killed the engine.
Sam was pacing the room, trying to find anything to grab his attention so he wouldn't strangle the demon sitting in his home.
Dean felt a pang of nervousness and guilt thread it’s way through his bonding mark. “We don’t have to go,” he whispered. “I can shift and peck those asshole’s eyes out and we can go back inside and practice.” It shocked him a little when he realized he really meant what he said.
"Indeed it is. One escape proof demon cage once mother and...I'm sorry, dear, I've forgotten your name." Crowley cocked his head to the side. "What exactly is her purpose here, Moose? A pretty little thing like here won't last long here in---"
Castiel swam from the opposite end of the pool slowly towards the brothers. His skin glittered under the water, the muscles coiling in his tail as he spun in a small circle before surfacing. Water dripped from his hair as he pulled himself to the edge of the pool and smiled at the brothers. Dean walked over and crouched next to him and chuckled when Castiel shook his head, spraying him with cold water.
"The future," Castiel confessed. He turned in Dean's arms and rested his hands on either side of his neck. "The families," he shook his head. "I never thought something like this would happen. And now that it has, I don't know what to do." He looked at Dean, his eyes red rimmed and tired and shrugged.
plans for you. You shouldn’t even be here.” He laid a heavy hand on the marble table in front of him and Dean watched it splinter. “Why are humans so intent on not doing as their told?” he whispered to himself.
The bartender came back and handed them their drinks with a wink. “Have a great time tonight, fellas.”
"Dean they loved each other so much. Then they had you and Sam and," she smiled over at Bobby fondly, "oh honey they were perfect for each other."
The angels mouth fell open, drool spilling out around the edges of his mouth. His tongue laved underneath the base of the demons cock, gagging around the length.
Castiel glanced at Benny before returning his focus to Dean. “I also thought the worst. It seems as though your new friend kept you alive, for which I am grateful,” he said in Benny’s direction without taking his eyes off Dean.
A shriek filled the air as Olivette's hands burned bright. A bolt of magic shot from her palms and hurdled it's way towards Castiel.
He pushed the back door open and was relieved when the cool night air touched his skin. The back alley was dark and dripping wet, it stunk of vomit and an overflowing dumpster but Dean welcomed it. Anything to get his mind off what just happened.
Castiel sat up and positioned Dean's cock against his entrance. Even though Dean was strapped to a bed, he was still in command. Cas waited for Dean to nod before slamming himself down on his cock. He choked back a moan as Dean pushed up into him. His hands gripped Deans hips roughly, riding his cock with every forceful thrust.
Castiel nodded once and kissed Dean so quickly on the cheek Dean wasn't sure he even made contact. He walked over to the tub and turned the handles, testing the water until he deemed it suitable. He returned to Dean's side and began unbuttoning the mans shirt, dropping it to the floor when he finished. Dean stood there in a sleepy haze as Castiel continued undressing him, too out of it to care that he was now standing naked, for the first time, in front of Castiel.
"I doubt it. Last thing she said before I blew my brains out was if I was going to bring anyone." He reached behind his back and began to untie his apron.
Castiel watched in fear as Dean’s body laid limp on the ground, the rain pelting off his body. Rage coursed through his veins as his body lit up a brilliant shade of orange. He stood, eyes trained on his sister. Flames licked at his arms and rose to his neck. His blue eyes were purely orange save for a tiny speck of black in the middle.
Dean took a deep breath as he stood up straight. “Sorry. Yeah, sorry. Uh, okay. I’m just gonna come out and say it.” He looked into his friends eyes and took Cas’ hand off his arm and held it gently. “Cas,–” Dean cleared his throat loudly and pulled his eyebrows together. “Every New Year that I’ve known you I’ve wanted to do this, an’ I chickened out every time. But you’re human now. Things are different. I feel different, and I can’t keep this in anymore.” He licked his lips and smiled briefly at Castiel as he held his hand tighter. “My resolution is to tell you how much you mean to me. You’re the most important person in my life. And I know we’ve had our share of fights and all the bullshit that happened in the past almost drove you away from me, but I don’t want that to happen again. Cas, I love you, and I’m going to prove how much I love you for the rest of our lives.”
Dean's knees dug painfully against the bottom of the tub as he lifted himself up and sunk back down. "C'mon Cas," he urged. His breath was punched from his lungs when Castiel drove his hips up sharply, fucking into him hard as the water sloshed over the side of the tub. Dean fisted his own cock in time with Cas' thrusts, the other hand gripped at the base of his skull.
They chased each other for a minute while Castiel watched, smiling as Gabriel took a ball to the ear. Deciding to join the fun, Castiel packed a snowball and held it behind his back as he casually skated over to Dean.
Dean hugged his brother goodbye and ran his finger through Charlies whiskers making her face twitch. “See ya later guys.” Dean watched his brother and his sleeping familiar ride off into the night.
The door flew open and Sam stood in the doorway, shrouded in the red emergency lights. His long hair soaked in sweat covered most of his face. His beard dripped with fresh blood as he wiped the back of his hand across his mouth, grinning when he laid eyes on Gabriel.
Castiel pulled away first, gently kissing Dean's cheeks and jawline. Dean kept his eyes shut as he stilled.
Castiel reached over and ran a finger down Dean's jawline. "I love hearing you laugh," he said, watching Dean's eyes widen at the touch.
Dean grabbed his witch’s face in his hands and ran his thumbs over his cheekbones. Thunder cracked overhead and rain soaked them to the bone but all Castiel could focus on was his familiar. Dean licked his already wet lips and stared into the witch’s eyes.
Dean wrapped an arm around his stomach. “It’s just the thought of it. Being some witches source of energy when they need more power? Letting him use me whenever he wants to? I can’t do that.” He gripped is stomach tighter as beads of sweat gathered on his hairline.
"Man, this could really be something," he said to himself with a smile. He looked over to the pool house and squinted into the sun. "What the hell?" He carefully climbed down the ladder against the house and walked towards the pumps hose. There should've been a giant pond of nasty water that was sucked out of the pool, but there was only a small puddle. He picked up the hose and followed it into the building.
Castiel looked up and reached his hand out. Dean sighed and reluctantly leaned forward and took it. "You're part of the family now, which means Sam is too."
Castiel knew what was coming next and did his best to prepare. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes just as Dean slammed his head forward, crushing his nose into the demons groin.
Dean shook his head. “No, I don’t think that was it. I don’t feel like—it’s not like the first time I was too far away.” He lowered his head and swirled his cup before taking a drink. “I remember flying down a flight of stairs and seeing your chambers,” he pointed to Chuck. “And then—” he sighed and rubbed his head. “There was this noise coming from down the stairs.”
Dean’s head whipped up and looked towards the door and his brain apparently forgot how to form words.
Dean walked over and tapped his foot on the burn mark and Castiel chuckled, running a hand through his still damp hair. “Plus, I don’t think other kids read this much.”
Sam lowered his body to get a level look at the tower. "Can't you just pretend you have a boyfriend? Maybe she'll leave you alone if she thinks you're seeing someone."
Dean was in hell. Agonizing hell. Seeing Cas act human was not helping his situation. Choosing to ignore it, he turned and rested his back against the bar, surveilling the crowd. He felt something brush against his shoulder and turned his head.
They walked behind the bar, their shoes chewing into the gravel as Dean motioned to the truck. "Hop in," he said, fumbling with the keys. The truck started with a loud rumble that shook the cab. "What's your name?"
That made Castiel perk up. He lifted his head and smiled. "Y-yes, yes of course," he stammered, clearly jumping at the chance to do anything Dean wanted. He tugged Deans hand and pulled him into an adjoining room and flipped on the lights.
"A six-foot-two tall drink of water nerd," Gabriel sighed, looking off into space. "How the hell're you two related?"
"Si'down," Bobby ordered as he grabbed a bottle out of the cupboard. He shoved a mug of coffee in front of Dean and topped it off with a decent helping of whiskey before he joined him at the table. "I'm assumin' you have questions."
Castiel pulled Dean close and kissed his forehead. "What could you feel?" Dean's eyebrow raised in question. "You said 'I can feel that'. What was it?"
“My sons familiar,” Chuck smiled widely. “I never thought I’d see the day.” He kept hold of Deans hand, shaking it longer than necessary.
Light poured into the hut as Sam burst through the curtain. His hairline was soaked with sweat from carrying his brother through the woods and his arms were seconds from giving out.
Dean’s phone pinged on his nightstand. To say he pounced on his bed to retrieve it wouldn’t be inaccurate. His body made the bed squeak as he snatched it from the charger and read the message while biting back a smile.
Dean holed himself up in his room for the rest of the day. Castiel knocked once, letting Dean know he’d most likely be in his room for the rest of the night working. He grumbled his response from the other side of the door as he paced the room.
Castiel licked his lips, staring at Deans mouth. He blinked rapidly and nodded. "I can do that." He reached over and carefully put his hand on Deans knee. A tremor shot through Dean as he felt the weight of Cas' hand resting there.
Dean sighed. “It was better than here. Didn’t know Cas back then so I didn’t have to worry about the asshole gettin’ hurt. But now, he’s out there somewhere and I can’t find him.” He ran his hand down his face and over his mouth, looking off into the woods. “If he’s hurt—”
“She wanted to see me. She didn’t mention anyone else. Dean and I can’t be very far apart from each other so we have to go together. I will not risk you or Lucy’s life. I wont. That’s final,” he said cutting his hand through the air.
“Here,” he said, nudging Gabriels’ knees apart and situating himself between the angels legs. “Taste.”
“Yeah, Cas, that’s the damn plan,” Dean snipped. He shook his head and stared out the window. “Sorry, I just—there’s a lot on my mind lately.”
“Well, well,” Amara chuckled, “seems like you’ve learned a new trick, brother. Let’s see what else you can do.”
Ellen and Bobby shrug like it's no big deal. "Like I told ya son, there's things out there you got no idea about. Castiel is one'a them things. I'm sure you two'll get along just fine seein' as you were able to get into the pool house no problem."
“Thank you, Sam. I truly cannot apologize enough for my behavior when we first met.” He frowned hard, his forehead creased with sorrow.
Dean grunted as he was lifted up by the throat against the post. He managed a somewhat cocky grin in spite of the choking grip and painful half-standing position. It was short lived as the knife began to dig into the joint between the shoulder and arm. He closed his eyes, but for now at least managed to keep his teeth clenched shut. Panting slightly when it was done, he forced that smile back on. "Aw, that all?"
Cas snatched his hand, yanking it down and pushing his sleeve back to reveal the mark. Sam noticed both Cas and Gadreel tense at once. "What have you done?"
"Dean… you're strong enough to fight this. Please." He whispered once the hunter slept again, but he didn't know if that was true. Dean's words echoed through his head, and he worried it really was it. That the hunter was irreparably damaged. That he'd never return to himself.
Dean placed the tray on the end of the bed. "Scoot over." He demanded, shoving the pile of blankets flat and slipping on the bed next to Cas, leaning back casually against the headboard. He handed Cas the tray, reaching forward to open the laptop and resume the movie where they had left off the day before.
"I apologize… it has been a long time since I have spoken to another angel, save for the few who were in charge of heaven's jail." He looked at Castiel. "You still are wary of me."
Cas didn't respond, just clung tighter and waited through the emotions that threatened to choke him.
"Yeah, and what? You two are just going to take on Metatron yourselves? Oh that's smart. Except Sam is fucking mess, and you barely have enough juice in you to keep you standing. I'm the one guy who has a shot at killing that son of a bitch."
The angel was reminded of the Dean Winchester that he traveled across the length of purgatory with. Only
Twenty minutes later, Cas walked across the room, again repairing the devils trap in the corner. When he looked up, Dean's expression had hardened, and his eyes were now reflecting pure black.
Dean let himself catch his breath for a second, his heart pounding in his chest. He was soaking wet, his flannel shirt weighing down his limbs to feel like they had bricks tied to them. He held his arm protectively across Cas' chest, feeling his breathing, keeping careful count of the beats of his heart. He let Cas' head lean back almost on his shoulder, and he pressed his own head to the side of the angel's forehead, feeling the fever start to ever so slowly come back into being managed.
Once his skin was scrubbed raw, he felt his breath even out, clarity finally settling into his brain. He shut the water off and grabbed for his duffel.
was something he didn't do and would have expected to feel uncomfortable about. But instead, it was that Cas was still in the same position as he had been. Probably had been all night. Because Cas was an angel again. And Cas didn't have to sleep. He'd never have to again. Because he wasn't human. And that… that was something Dean had complex thoughts on also.
The younger Winchester shifted uncomfortably, but did finally look sideways towards Dean. His mouth was set in a frown, and without talking he communicated with Dean.
"Yeah." Dean said, distractedly. "Eventually you get hurt in enough hunts, CPS starts to think something is wrong with the way you're raised. Eventually when I got hurt on hunts it was easier to let me heal at Bobby's and skip school for a couple months than deal with cops at the hospital."
Castiel reached up and brushed a hand through Dean's hair. "Hold on. We're going to find a way to help you."
Cas stopped just inside the door, looking at Sam and then around the room. He followed Sam as he started to run across the bunker. "We need to stop him from getting out." Sam said breathlessly.
It was time to problem solve. He couldn't get them out of here, and he couldn't call for help. He had to buy them time. Time to be discovered. Time for help to reach
Cas knew a devil's trap wasn't entirely effective on a knight of hell, but he had expected it to hold its own a
Dean let him go before shakily pushing himself up and heading towards his own room. Glad to not have encountered anyone on his way, he closed the door behind him. He sank to the ground, feeling utterly drained, not even having the energy to cross the room towards his bed just yet.
fault, and Cas and I went to get him out." Dean turned his attention back down to the bottle of beer in his hands.
But every time Dean let his mind wander for too long, he saw Cas tied to that grey chair in April's apartment. Dead. He had thought he had gotten over that. It wasn't like it was the first time Cas died. But that thought didn't really help his irrational mind accept the present. It just forced him to think back on all the times he thought Cas was gone. Smited by Raphael, blown apart by an angel banishing spell on his chest, snapped away by Lucifer, weakened by purgatory souls, ripped in half by leviathan… not to mention the long time he spent separated from Cas in purgatory, and then leaving Cas behind.
The angel rolled his eyes, dragging the hunter over to the other post, clapping a shackle over his wrist and letting him crumple back to the floor. "Well Castiel, last chance. Do you want to just tell me how to reverse Metatron's spell, or do you want Theo to take out your disobedience on your favorite pet?"
Dean for the most part kept it together. Castiel could see the struggle for control, but so far he was the one who came out on top. The price was recklessness. Too often would Dean let the fight last longer, let it draw out without drawing blood, or going for the kill. It was less violent, but on more than one occasion he had been a little too close to getting hurt.
Dean let out an almost silent laugh at Cas' attempt at humor. He let just a little of the tension out of his shoulders. He took a deep breath in and out, closing his eyes to ride out a brief wave of dizziness. When he opened them again, Cas was looking out the windshield at nothing again. His expression was as stoic as ever.
"I do. And if what she says is true, and Metatron is about to start making moves to establish himself as the new God on earth, time may be running short to stop him."
Dean didn't let himself think again until he was across the table from Cas, and they both had a mug of coffee in their hands. "I don't even remember falling asleep." He admitted, feeling a little less defensive about it with time passed.
"Don't mention it." he offered, uncomfortable with the lie. "Seriously. I'm just glad you're alive and with us. You scared the hell out of me man."
This wasn't quite as extreme as a god-trial induced coma, so he figured he could make do without the bags of hotel ice to make a proper ice bath. That was for extreme measures, he didn't think putting Cas into shock was worth the payoff.
"Of course I knew. I followed you on a similar mission in this timeline, fully aware it was likely we would all die."
In turn Cas gripped Dean's hand, finding the pressure an anchor, one he desperately needed. He looked down, trying to calm his racing thoughts. Not for the first time in these past weeks he cursed the strength of human emotion. Feelings came on so fast he usually couldn't even tell what prompted them, and they were so strong they felt as if he would be crushed under their weight.
Dean felt the bones in his leg shift uncomfortably, but soon after the pain faded. He even felt the agony coursing through his ribs recede to a dull ache. He allowed the angel to pull him to his feet, the shackle falling away and clunking against the concrete floor. "You're-"
"Dean, I'm not letting you walk out of here like this." The younger Winchester pleaded. He stepped in front of Dean, trying to stop him walking up the iron steps towards his car.
Dean looked away again, feeling a rising heat in his face, and it wasn't shame this time. It was anger. As if this wasn't hard enough without Cas being… whatever the hell Cas was being right now. He clenched his fist, breathing through it until it faded slightly.
Dean rolled three onions across the counter to him. "Let's start with these. They're going to take the longest to cook. Thin slices"
Dean fell quiet. The world halted, silence crashing down on them as they waited for the hunter to speak again, letting the storm pick up force and run through his mind. He scrunched his eyes, feeling like he had to fight to get any air. His voice was barely above a whisper when he managed to find it. "You're sure it'll hold?"
The demon felt that rush, that electricity from contact with the angel, even stronger than before with the renewed grace flowing through him. He let the sensations wash over them, surprised at their strength. The sensation rivaled the call of the mark, the electricity nearly indistinguishable from the feeling of holding the blade. He slipped an arm around Cas, pressing him closer.
He turned his head towards the driver side, trying to see the hunter. His eyes found him. "Dean." He repeated. He gritted his teeth, pulling his arm up, hand shaking Dean's shoulder gently. "Dean?" Dean's head listed bonelessly to the side, revealing a truly alarming amount of blood washing down the side of his head and over his ear from a cut in his hairline. His cheek also boasted a rather large piece of glass, and Cas could only guess that his head had been what busted through that side window. He could see Dean's breath in the cold air though, so he knew at least the hunter was alive.
Dean was unsatisfied by the single word he got in response, especially given the build up. "Better?" he pushed.
"Crowley is scouring the ocean now. Who knows how long that will take." Dean rolled up his sleeve, revealing the mark. "A present from Cain."
Dean shook his head, looking slightly doubtful. If it was Sam, he'd have pried that shirt back and taken a look for himself, but he couldn't baby Cas. The man had led the armies of heaven once, and he had suffered enough hit to his pride without being coddled. "Fine. Just let me know if you need anything for it." He relented.
"So you said there was some sort of spell." Sam interrupted, trying to get the conversation back on track. He could see from the slow way Dean was blinking that he was losing the opportunity to question them quickly. "Tell me more about it."
"We should back him up." Cas nodded slowly. "Keep out of sight until we are sure it is safe. It does make a certain sense. If there's an exploitable weak spot we can act quickly. To capture Metatron alive would be ideal."
But Dean didn't look like he had the strength to get mad. Frankly he looked pale enough Sam was a little worried he'd pass out right here and now. He mentally kicked himself for not managing to keep the conversation light and distracting enough until after Dean had managed to eat something.
"I'm going to give you a chance here, one chance, tell me where she is and we can do this quick and clean."
The feeling was instant this time. It was like the second he felt himself sink into sleep he was standing beside Cas again. If anything, the feelings were stronger and more obvious this time.
Sam thought for a moment. "Yeah. Maybe." He looked tentatively around the corner, his knife raised. "Seems quiet… I'm going to take a look around, try to get a view on the situation. You two stay here." he demanded.
"Moose! Good to hear the band didn't break up after your recent misadventures. And nothing can, except one thing. The first blade."
"We should not leave Dean unmonitored through the night." Cas continued, completely ignoring the look of indignance the older hunter managed to throw at him. "I can stay with him now. You should rest so that you may take over watch."
The hunter had to restrain a laugh watching the alarm written across the angel's face, but he managed to keep it locked in. He carefully schooled his face into less of a grin and tried to give a bit of reassurance to Cas. He knew Liam felt safest with Cas because he had powers.
Dean shifted again so he could look up at the former angel and froze, taken completely off guard by the tears reflected in Cas' blue eyes. He tried to dismiss it, blaming whatever pain meds Sam had Cas on.
Dean kept the knife pressed to his neck for a moment longer before he roughly yanked back, the blade going back to the pocket of his coat. "You're not off the hook." He spat. He pulled out his phone, dialing Cas' number, and listening to the ring. Metatron had it. This time he
Dean shrugged. "Don't think so." He started the car, and after another moment's hesitation put it in gear. "Nope, seems fine."
"How do you burn… whatever." Dean sighed, trying to wrap up the conversation so he could attempt the next part without Sam catching on. "Well, breakfast smells just about as over-ready as it can be so I'm gonna get off."
When Cas finally entered the kitchen, Dean was just sliding a plate with an impressive looking sandwich in front of an empty spot at the table. He sat down with his own, and beckoned for Cas to join him.
Sam let the words sink in. "He only has one more injection…" He swallowed. "If he's so close to human, then why could he still… why did he still…"
The world snapped away in an instant and Dean found himself sprawled out on his bed where he had flopped down earlier that night. He reached towards the noise that had woken him and answered the phone.
The hunter did not look up. "Sam tell you Crowley has the blade?" Dean grunted, finally moving to sand the front door too.
"You're bringing him, for what, for backup? He's been human less than a week! He's not going to know how to help."
It took about an hour before Liam slowly drifted off, his breathing evening out completely in sleep.
Dean meanwhile tried not to think about how he was overcompensating for his hasty exit when he bought all of this food. The new day was a blank slate, and they could move on from here.
Cas pulled himself to one knee, panting for a moment. Slowly, he lifted his gaze, taking in his surroundings with new understanding. This time he could see the glyphs around the room, the enochian warding that his senses had been too weak to see earlier. They were keeping his powers slightly muted, contained, as well as effectively trapping him.
"I know you and Sam have a firm grasp of medical care to avoid hospitals, but isn't recovering from surgery… more than you would normally handle without a medical environment?"
Cas nodded. "I hope to fix that. To help them return to heaven. Kevin is working to translate the angel tablet, hopefully we can send them back."
"Sup losers?" She easily greeted Cas, sparing a small sideways glance at Dean. She was trying her best to play it cool, but deep down she was more than a little concerned.
Cas held his gaze for another few seconds before he let it drop. He took a breath to calm himself and watched Dean roll his eyes before returning to his food.
Dean meanwhile scrubbed his hand over his face, blinking a few more times to shake the last tendrils of tiredness. He absently ghosted his hand over his ribs, sore from the rapid breaths from earlier. He looked up, studying the former servant of heaven and frowned. "It's not your fault, you know."
"If I was going to let you just die, do you really think I would have gone through all the trouble of dragging you back here?" He shook his head. "You might just be able to help me with a problem I'm having."
As Sam reluctantly returned to the car to get it out of the fire lane, Cas was left in the front lobby, covered in blood, looking after the door where they had taken Dean, feeling utterly alone.
Dean had to practically force Cas to lower the blanket enough to inspect the damaged shoulder. "This is going to hurt." He had to flush out the wound and treat it with antiseptic.
." He met the demon's gaze as he blinked, his eyes fading from the deep black to his normal green for a second. He didn't drop Cas' hand but his grip relaxed just a touch.
"Metatron is dead." He started, pointlessly. "Not soon enough of course. But I thought you should know."
Dean's tone was brusk and dismissive. "Sure. Whatever. You want to put a label on it, I don't know. I haven't. But yeah Sam. We've been close."
Now he found himself being shown an entire new part of life, and was excited by just how excited Dean seemed to be to show it to him. He sat with the hunter, accepted the offered beers, allowed Dean to pick a pile of food and chicken wings, and happily sampled everything he was offered.
Cas found himself unable to resist a widening smile. Dean's laughter was contagious and he gave in to Dean's insistence putting the hat on for a picture that was quickly sent to Sam. Cas gave it one last look before slipping it into his trench coat pocket.
"Eh, don't beat yourself up. Your body is still getting used to sleep." Dean crossed his arms. "You know Cas, I put a pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt on your dresser, you don't have to sleep in your jeans…"
Dean tried to stretch out a bit, slowly waking his mind enough to try and engage with his surroundings. He thought for a second on that information. “Mmh.” He echoed absently. He took a deep breath. “Where’re we stopping for breakfast? I’m starving.”
The angel blade was knocked clean out of Cas' hand. The angel felt himself forced back and he struck the creature. For a second the blow seemed to stagger the wendigo, but it quickly shook it off. He then felt himself thrust up against the car, thoroughly entangled in its claws. The angel listened to the sound of steely nails catching the metal, pulling across the doors before it started to drag him into the woods, easily beginning to scale the trees.
"You always make that stupid face right before you apologize again for nothing." Dean rolled his eyes. "Did you know today that your healing mojo didn't work?"
Kevin tapped the book. "We found a passage in a notebook that referred to a book. They used a spell from it to unbind Hera, uh a Greek goddess. They broke a curse on her in exchange for her help in some mission."
Cas followed his gaze to his food and back, and he frowned. "Is it not adequate?" He considered that he didn't know much about the human body or how to keep it alive, and this meal may not be satisfactory to that goal.
"Demons tap into their twisted soul and sort of…" He thought about the best way to simplify it enough for an explanation. "Step out of reality and then back in again." He shook his head. "The mechanics of a demon's teleportation is best described in equations."
Dean stooped down. "Liam, we're going to go okay? It might be a little scary, but we've gotta keep real quiet, alright?" He held out and Liam put his arms up, wrapping them around Dean's neck, allowing him to pick up and hold the kid with one hand, pulling him close while holding the blade in his other hand. He started back down the passageway they came from, moving as quickly as he could, while remaining silent. He kept himself carefully between the kid and seeing any of the bodies in the next corridor, trying to spare him at least one spec of trauma today. Though he knew that his ability to shelter him further was limited.
"It could be better, but yeah. Improvement for sure." He stood, walking to the dresser and grabbing a cloth bundle before he returned. He tossed the t-shirt to Cas.
"Sam I'm making a goddamn effort here, alright? I'm willing to play nice, try Cain's whole zen monk crap." He scowled. "Besides, if I wanted a weapon there are a dozen things I could still smash in here to make one."
"We called Sam. He's on his way. You can call him when you get settled in your room. Dean is in surgery now… he took a pretty bad hit to the head. MRI showed increased intracranial pressure. They're placing a probe through the skull to keep an eye on it, to make sure it doesn't reach critical levels." She put up her hands as Cas' eyes widened. "The fact that it's just a probe is a good sign… If they're satisfied with what they see, they'll go to work on his other injuries. He has a few broken ribs…
"Hey, hey, hey." Dean soothed, taking a small step back to not loom over the kid. "It's just us. It's over."
Cas took a deep breath. "You know with the scale of the things he did as a demon, I don't know if he'll be able to resist as long as he did."
"It's okay." Dean assured him. "I was out of surgery. Woke up to Sam finishing off the last of them. Made our way up here as soon as we could."
The hunter was quiet. He wanted to argue, but he knew it was pointless. He sighed, his posture deflating slightly. He headed back towards the black muscle car, sinking back against the hood. He knew they should probably get back to driving with such a long trip ahead of them, but he couldn't bring himself to leave just yet.
Dean turned, making a face as he dried his hands and tossed the towel aside. "Oh come on. I get this mark, I can use the first blade. Metatron isn't our only problem and you know it."
"Three demons followed me from the last motel we stayed at. They wanted to kill you to impress a demon they worked for."
"Yes Dean?" Cas waited to hear what the older hunter would ask him, but the silence stretched on. He was starting to feel like Dean had fallen back unconscious. "Dean?"
Cas. You weren't kidding when you said you agreed to be locked down with me." He looked over each end every sigil and rune in detail. "
"Yeah… thanks." Dean looked away. He was giving himself a pass on thinking about what happened last night. He deserved to skip the more heavy or complicated thoughts for the time being. He instead opted to direct the conversation. "It's nice to finally sit up. Who would have thought such a small thing would feel like a victory." He grinned slightly to himself, but when he looked up, Cas had that look of grim worry. "What?" He asked, cringing internally as he practically invited a conversation that fell into his 'complicated thoughts to avoid' category.
"Shut up." Dean rolled his eyes, coming back to sit again. He needed it after that wake-up. His head was still trying to catch up with the rapid shift in emotions. "You sure you're alright?"
Castiel reached up, hovering his hand just shy of touching the hunter. With one last look into those green eyes, he allowed his palm to rest on the side of his head, feeling a stir of some emotion when Dean subconsciously leaned into the touch ever so slightly. His other hand came to rest over the palm print scar left by his grace all those years ago. He pushed his borrowed grace forward, allowing it to glimpse into the hunter's mind.
talk it was to discuss the songs being played. Sometimes facts about bands or concerts. Sometimes just stories that the songs reminded him of. Cas smiled and listened to each tale, just grateful to hear Dean speaking about something good.
It was early that evening when Sam came out to the garage, interrupting Dean's work. He was amused to see Dean in the welders mask with Cas just staring at the process as is. "Hey."
Cas was left standing alone, his heart pounding in his chest, trying in vain to process what just happened.
Cas let his hand fall away from the hunter's head, but his hand remained on Dean's arm. His forehead came forward at the same time Dean's did, and their heads came to rest against each other. He was aware that Dean's face was wet with newly shed tears.
Sam allowed Kevin and his mother the tearful reunion they deserved while he set to work opening each of the other cells in corridor Q, cutting loose the other two victims he found.
Sam tossed his jacket over the nearest chair. "I found a book on sigil work that should prevent any reapers from getting inside the bunker."
Cas focused again at the sounds, voices clearing up as his mind pulled itself from sleep. "Help him…" He muttered, not sure who exactly he was directing his request to.
The hunter was quiet. He wanted to argue, but he knew it was pointless. He sighed, his posture deflating slightly. He headed back towards the black muscle car, sinking back against the hood. He knew they should probably get back to driving with such a long trip ahead of them, but he couldn't bring himself to leave just yet.
"We're going to get through the doors. It's just going to take a few more minutes, you hold on." He leaned down, listening to a muffled voice coming from the radio that Cas couldn't make out. "Rescue just pulled up. They're going to be down here to get these doors off in just a second."
Cas remained silent for a moment, working alongside the hunter, waiting to see if Dean had anything to add. He sighed, deciding to be direct rather than play games. "Sam told me you struggled with holding the blade… or rather with letting go."
Cas was smiling too, the book he was casually flipping through resting on his lap, forgotten about. He was amused by Dean's eagerness to get back on the road for new food and cases so soon after this incident. "And the best barbecue is down south?"
Dean frowned. "Sorry, man." He said softly, awkwardly leaning back in the chair. Sitting now, he finally felt the events leading up to this click into place in his mind, and he found himself suddenly exhausted.
"He killed Hannah first, and used her grace on me." He paused trying to figure out how he wanted to tell the things that happened after. How the tension between them was likely what snapped the final thread Dean had. "He was frustrated with me and he left. He came back, soaked in blood a few hours later. That must've been when he hit the Cape."
The silence that was interrupted only by the sound of the water was hell to Dean. Too much time to let worry and guilt battle for top position in his head. He had felt concern earlier, when Cas had said his shoulder was still injured.
When he pulled up outside the derelict hotel, he found Cas waiting outside, sitting on the ground with his back to a planter. Sam felt a flutter of worry, looking over his disheveled appearance. The angel was covered in dirt, debris, and more than a little blood, though it appeared whatever injury had caused it was healed.
Hours later, When Cas finally saw the younger Winchester enter his room, he recognized that it was in fact Gadreel who was in control now. He looked up from where he sat on the edge of the bed, the cat lazily batting at a felted mouse in front of him.
Dean looked confused, but he nodded, eager to get this unwieldy mask off his face. He slipped it off immediately, getting a scolding glare from his brother while he struggled to quickly switch it over to a nasal cannula and secure that in place on Dean's face. "Cas?" He finally asked, clearing his throat.
"I just don't know what we do next." Sam emptied his glass again, putting it down and pushing himself to his feet. He thought about it for a second before he grabbed the bottle and started towards his room. He looked back to Cas. "Hey… thanks. For everything."
The sound of the crashing waves mixed with the howling wind, both threatening to drown out his words as Cas spoke. "Dean, it's me… look at me." He put a hand on Dean's chin, tilting it up towards his face.
Dean closed his eyes for a moment, his face tight in pain, both physical and emotional. Fear was reflected in his expression when he relaxed it slightly. "Fine." He grunted, knowing the false bravado was ruined by the waver in his voice.
Crowley scowled and sighed. "Sam is sniffing around that bar we left a couple weeks back. The one with the twins?" He pushed his drink glass back across the bar. "Our dear Cas was in New York last I checked. No idea what lead has him over that way, though the way I hear it maybe his mind is gone too."
The angel nodded, feeling a flash of residual horror at watching Dean plunge that blade through Kevin's throat.
"Oh, fuck you." Dean snapped, pulling himself up and dusting off his clothes. He took a moment to be grateful he didn't need to breathe, because that would have certainly knocked the wind out of him.
Both of them looked up, hearing the shout in the distance. Cas looked to Dean, but the hunter had just settled to stare at the wall. "It's just taunting us." Dean glanced down, thankful Liam was still fast asleep.
Cas tried to say something further, but he coughed instead. The force of that made him stagger, and he let himself sink back down the wall, trying to regain his balance. He didn't want to comment that he wasn't going to live long enough to see next week let alone the next century.
Dean walked into the dingy bathroom, listening to the lights blink and crackle on when he flipped the switch. He looked at himself in the mirror for a moment, almost entirely unrecognizable. Black eyes stood out against his crimson splattered face. He turned on the tap and cupped some lukewarm water, bringing it to try and begin to reveal the skin underneath, but all it achieved was smearing the blood further. He sighed, looking back up as his eyes blinked back to green. He took a deep breath, trying to ground himself.
Crowley still had his hand clamped around Cas' bicep, careful not to let him go too early. "Compliments of one Dean Winchester."
Pulling into the yard at last, Cas noticed how similar the layout was to Bobby Singer's property. Old rusted cars piled up and lining the fenced in property, and towards the back, a space to work on the cars.
Gadreel thought for a moment. "I am honestly unsure. I have not had a clear path in centuries. Now, to be free but directionless…"
