I really hate to kick you when you're already
Claire chuckled, and Castiel threw a wink, before releasing her hands. He turned toward the paling king, cape swooshing. “Father, I would apologize for misleading you like this, if you hadn’t earned it with your own shitty actions.” He stepped forward, signaling to Dean with a nod of his head. “You think your scheme
“You were the one who convinced me to apply,” Castiel said, speaking slowly. “I never wanted to. You couldn’t have honestly expected me to go through with it.”
Sam snorts. “What the hell, Dean? I am perfectly capable of-”
“Dean, technically I didn’t-”
Castiel had heard it from a friend. A reliable friend, although they’d refused to reveal their sources. A hunter was in town, doing who-knows-what. Said reliable friend hadn’t been able to provide any further details, which had left Castiel in a state of panic. He was harmless, and he knew that. A hunter, on the other hand, didn’t. To a hunter, he was just another witch. Just another kill, potentially. Another job.
A woman opened the door. Instinctively, Dean threw on a smile.
“Hey, sorry I forgot to ask what flavour you wanted. I ordered one chocolate and one vanilla, so you can take your pick. I don’t really care which I get.”
them,” Castiel corrected, an edge of frustration finally surfacing in his voice. “And yes, I knew it would have an effect on me. I just did not know it would be this intense.”
Rather than continue to dawdle on the sidelines, King Chuck seemed to get the message. “Yes, well… dinner will be soon, so prepare to be fetched for that. Otherwise, I suppose I’ll leave you all to get settled in. Sleeping arrangements will be made for Dean.”
“I suppose that makes sense. You cannot trust me. I understand why. You don’t want to put yourself at risk. Is that correct?”
Castiel’s expression remained blank. “Try it out?” he murmured.
The second floor wasn’t any more eventful. The homey theme was a constant, however. Still, Dean couldn’t help but feel like the baby blue walls were closing in on him.
“Of course I’m not kidding,” Castiel said. He couldn’t recall a time in which he’d felt more self-assured. Years of pent up hopelessness were evaporating on the spot.
to put the responsibility onto you, but I--
No hesitation-- Dean ENTERS THE EMPTY. A final rumble, and the portal DISSOLVES, as if it were never there.
Castiel’s eyes seemed to dig deep beneath Dean’s surface, the way they were fixated on him. “The first one. That is the best plan.”
It was a process. And, not even a process Castiel had ever expected to undergo. He almost wanted to thank King Chuck for treating him to this, if only to see the look of unbridled horror on his father’s face.
He closed his eyes.
Dean huffed. “Thank god.” He fell onto the bed, nearly crushing his bag.
EMPTY!CAS
was just how he’d meet his in-laws.
And damn his father, specifically, for even forcing him into this position.
Castiel’s eyelids sprang open. Dean was still so close to him - and he was grinning. Even wider than before, in fact. Castiel’s heart would have sprung out of his chest at that point if there wasn’t one thought hanging over him:
“Thanks again for the burgers, man. I totally wasn’t in the mood for take-out tonight.”
CUT TO:
Dean pauses, still not fully prepared for his confession - or Cas’s reaction.
“Hello Charlie,” Castiel said. “Were you helping with the Ally Training program last night?”
Castiel stares, mouth slightly agape.
Then, Castiel know: Even if it ended badly, there was always
thing to think about, if he ever had some downtime and wanted to psychoanalyze himself. For now, Castiel decided he’d best just continue rolling with the punches. And, hopefully, if his impression of Dean wasn’t distorted by his own exhausted mind, those “punches” would remain metaphorical.
Dean flashes a broad grin before releasing Cas. He begins to fumble out of bed, impaired just slightly by the dark midnight. Cas remains seated, staring upward, eyes filled with wonder.
... soon. But I really gotta handle something important, first. Something big.
All the same, in this moment, Cas couldn’t have felt more at peace. It has been a month since Dean asked Cas to be his boyfriend, and the couple has finally found the perfect field for stargazing. It is located on the edge of Lawrence, atop a large hill. Ill-maintained grasses sway around them.
Castiel shook himself out of his brief trance. “No, um, sorry. That’s good.”
Dean couldn’t help but raise both brows. While attempting to make begrudgement conversation with his neighbor three days back, the only real piece of information Dean had gathered was that Castiel would be in California for the holidays. Instead, he was outside, carrying what looked like a snow shovel.
Left alone, books strewn across the desk and floor-- Macie makes no movement to tidy, finally free to snooze. Checking out and losing interest in the runaway stories, as we--
be sure of, however, was the exasperation of the cloaked figure’s voice. Castiel wasn’t certain of where the figure currently wanted to be, but it clearly wasn’t the sub-freezing Infernal highlands well after sundown.
(then)
“Should we begin the date?” Cas says, smile widening.
“Not get injured?”
EILEEN
“Um, hey, dad,” Dean said.
Dean let out a weak chuckle, absently rubbing the back of his neck. “Well, okay, then. I guess I’ll just get goin’ then. See you around?”
“Okay,” Bobby said. “I’m guessin’ this is where it gets weird?”
"Yeah, sure. Straight now this hallway, to your right," she said, gesturing to Dean's right.
“‘All.’ So your father thinks so, as well,” Castiel deadpanned.
Castiel’s face flushed as Jo and Charlie erupted in laughter. Even John chuckled along.
Dean swallowed. “Hey, uh, so—”
“Breakfast’s ready,” Dean announces, placing a bottle of syrup in the center of the table. Cas smiles gently and nods before taking a seat.
Cas was my friend, too. We
“Can’t. I’m pretty sure it’s family only once he’s out of surgery,” Gabriel says, finishing with a sigh. “Sucks, I know. Trust me, I thought of you right away when I heard the rules.”
Considering how wound up the rut-stricken alpha already was, the first round was… quick, to put it plainly. It wasn’t
Eyes lighting up against the muted autumn backdrop, Charlie thrust a celebratory fist into the air. “Great! Let’s get going, then.”
Sam nodded. “Okay. Shoot.”
“Showing up late wasn’t a good first impression, was it? Shit. I’m already failing you.” Dean rested his forearms on the table, leaning forward slightly.
Dean made his way over, iron rod at his side. “So, we just gotta take a look around? What are the chances that we didn’t dispel the ghost?”
“Um, yeah. ‘Cause that’s sorta a fact, dude,” Dean said. “But I don’t think we’re…” He trailed off, struck by the toothy grin that was spreading across Castiel’s face.
“Cas!” Dean growled, pulling on the knob. The door didn’t budge.
Dean could probably pinpoint the exact moment his heart stopped. “Wait, what?”
Cas smiled lightly.
Castiel paused, pie dough pressed between his flour-dusted fingers. “That’s an interesting idea. Out somewhere north of the estate?”
“Dean, are you serious? You’ve got to be kidding with me. I mean, I get believing it before the age of eight - I sort of did - but really, Dean? You’re sixteen. That stuff isn’t real.” Sam’s laugh had faded quickly, and his tone grown serious. Concerned, even.
reluctant relief, the other man knew. He let out another two-ton breath. “Yeah, it’s me, your indentured babysitter, here to stroller you off to safety. Dean Winchester, king of these here parts. So, you comin’?”
Woah, woah, okay. That’s, uh, kinda a lot to process, Cassie. Also, just… how? Why?
Looks like Sam's pushed too far. Dean SNAPS--
Castiel chuckled. “A retired hunter? That’s not exactly a simple feat. I commend your uncle.”
“Just promise.”
He would thank his friend later for setting such an enlightening example… whether or not Dean might appreciate Cas’s latest self-help philosophy.
“Jimmy!” Castiel managed to croak. He sounded pathetic. This was humiliating. “If you couldn’t tell, I’m not exactly cheerful right now.”
certainly weren’t going to be the ones to complain. Not at all. To the pair, it was one increasingly inconvenient chore, now vetoed.
Castiel continued to guide Dean toward the grave.
Castiel shakes his head. “I… I don’t know. I will have to explain… additional pieces of information to Lucifer. I feel as if it would simply make the conversation more complicated.”
Dean’s scent had also strengthened since their mating, although only by a fraction. Castiel was finding it increasingly harder to deny how lovely the alpha smelt to him. Undernotes of whiskey had since been swept into Dean’s scent, lingering beneath the smokey cloves and cinnamon that Castiel had first been introduced to.
Dean doesn’t respond, mouth sewn shut. So it was Meg.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
As soon as Dean had finished choking on his own saliva, he paused to gawk at Castiel. Still, seconds later, he was giggling. “Christ, you’re pretty assertive when you’re not lettin’ yourself freeze to death, huh?” he replied, offering a lopsided smile. “But, y’know, I was kinda hoping to ask you the same question.”
Well, if all goes to plan, you'll get to say that right to his pretty face... soon.
glad you asked, Father. It’s… quite a tale.” A tale which Dean was
So Cas sits. He wishes that the stars were more visible that evening, so he could have something to count. He had only discovered his enjoyment toward counting the day before, counting Dean's freckles. Dean had just assumed that Cas was a slow eater.
Castiel shook his head. “I’d rather not say. For the time being, at least.”
Smiling at the sing-song of his mom’s voice, Dean nodded. “Yeah, sure,” he said, jumping up from the couch. He wove around Sam and Jess on the living room floor, playing with their two-year-old son, Caden.
“Hey,” Summer said after about half a mile. “Can I suggest something?”
“Hey, Charlie, can I ask you a question? It’s going to sound… borderline nonsensical, but I swear, there’s a good reason.”
Castiel snorted. “Your faith isn’t going to repair my mental health.”
bother to explain? Anything?!”
EILEEN
Then there was that crush that was festering inside the pit of his stomach, spreading slowly to his head. A legitimate crush on Dean Winchester.
, I was pretty much manipulated at all times, from all angles— told what to do, how to feel. After a while, you start to feel like… a doll. You forget you have a mind of your own, since you’re so rarely allowed to make use of it.”
Castiel nodded and obliged. Dean stepped over a moment later.
“Dean.”
scent wasn’t any better. Still, that might’ve just been due to the constant reminder that Chuck had somehow sired an omega son— an outcome which seemed to fluctuate between a ‘whoopsie’ and a tragedy, depending on the company Chuck was pandering to. In any case, the king wasn’t particularly adept at handling the consequences of his own failures. His
“I was more than likely the reason Dean was left unharmed.” Vague as ever.
Dean EMERGES. The brothers observe each other, no hope for peace, here-- the elephant has entered the room.
(didn't expect
Dean pulled away, just a few inches. “Yeah, Cas,” he said. He wore a small smile. “I do. I love you.”
“If you weren’t, you probably wouldn’t be avoiding actually telling me what going on,” Sam said.
“Shit, Cassie!”
“Cas, we need to talk.”
There was a nod from Castiel, before he slowly began to rise. “I am weaker than I thought,” he said. “My powers are not optimal currently, that much I was aware. I didn’t realize…”
“Your uncle,” Castiel muttered. “He being a retired hunter, do you think that he will be happy with this? I don’t want to strain your relationship with your family.”
“Because… because I thought that once you got to know me, you’d lose any interest you ever had in me. ‘Cause in the end, I’m just some dumb jock who’s never even dated another guy before.”
“Yeah, guess we should.”
Whenever Cas had met his now-best friend several years back, he’d never have pegged him as a plant-ternal, green thumb type; a conventionally rugged man, whose entire put-on persona practically
“So, what? Just having trouble sleeping?” Dean said.
Summer shook her head, stepping inside. “I don’t think I have any other option than to stay overnight, but it’s okay. I’ll take the floor.”
Unable to reach his mate’s hand for a discreet but firm squeeze, Castiel spoke gently, “Sit down, Dean. Try not to worry. We have no reason to believe that something is wrong.”
No, he couldn’t allow the brain-fog to shroud him entirely. A clear head would be key in handling his… situation. And
every ounce of weaponized grumpiness Castiel could salvage with his own limited energy, all right? This was just cruel.
The alpha yanked a dagger from its sheath, white-knuckling the hilt. “Wait here,” he said.
“I know,” Castiel said. He chuckled. “It’s not ideal, but it’s what I’ve gotten used to.”
(tentative smile)
(then)
Castiel nodded. “Yes, of course, Dean. What is it?”
“How about this. If you tell me who you like, I’ll tell you who I like.” Dean hadn’t meant to say it. Unfortunately, he’d been taken over by the unrelenting drive to know who Castiel prefered over him.
Dean’s forced grin faltered for just a fraction of a second. That doesn't mean that Castiel didn't notice. “Uh, yeah, he does.”
Dean giggled, flashing a thumbs up to the shorter exit guard. “We wanna see it get you, though, so we’ve got ways to speed up the process. Got an even brawnier magic user on our side. Hey, Kaia, I think we’re about good to go.”
The first time Castiel wandered into the Dean’s room before his roommate was in bed was on the eleventh night. Dean sat at his desk on the opposite side of the room. He didn’t join Castiel until a bit before two o’ clock in the morning, making his way across the compact room. Castiel had stayed up as well, turning a bit in bed - he’d partially convinced himself that this had absolutely nothing to do with his friend.
Charlie gasped, having seemingly caught on.
“Okay,” Dean said. “You gotta promise that you won’t freak out first, okay?”
“You slip me a potion, we slip you one,” Castiel said. “They’ve brewed something just for you. It’s slower acting, though. And quite a bit more intense, once it hits. Hope you didn’t have any important plans coming up in the next… week or so.”
Dean attempted to close the laptop, but Castiel blocked him. “It’s nothin’, man. Don’t worry about it.”
“I think Mom would be understanding.”
time he forcibly ingested a back alley potion, served to him by his oh-so-loving father. But he was hardly given any time to mull over
He doesn’t know if this feeling is one of hope or fear.
Dean chuckled. “Yeah, uh, guess I did gamble a bit. But that’s not-”
WE DROP INTO...
“Hey there.”
Lucifer simply shakes his head. “No. Well, I told you what I needed; now it’s up to you to do what you please. Goodbye.” Lucifer turns to leave, and Dean considers stopping him. Asking him more questions. Instead, he stands in place, staring blankly into the night.
A one-sided STAND-OFF between Sam and Eileen-- coffee's gone cold, but Sam is WIDE-AWAKE and undeniably PISSED.
Cas if looking down, dragging his backpack on the floor behind him. A mixture of panic and potential anger sets in. Dean rushes down the hallway at top speed.
Dean joined in. He found himself glancing over to Castiel every now and again. This all looked so effortless for him. As if he wasn’t exerting a drop of energy.
Dean threw open the door to the Impala and stepped out. The air was chilly, cold even, but he was more than taken care of by his heavy leather jacket. Along with that, he donned the amulet Sam had given him as a Christmas gift when they were kids. It was supposed to have been a gift from Bobby to their father.
"Thank you," Castiel responds plainly as he takes the instrument. He turns back around to jot down his address overtop the locker beside his own.
Although, Dean didn’t appear angry. Instead of indignantly rehashing what had gone wrong, he grew quiet.
They do eventually pull apart, and their eyes finally meet. Dean’s smile is infinite.
Cas reaches his locker one day, with a sliver of excitement. He acknowledges that the letters enthral him; he has quickly stopped denying that. However, he knows that Dean and him can’t be together. But that doesn’t  mean that Cas wasn’t still intrigued by the man.
Dean shifted a bit in his seat. “Cas,” he said slowly. “I promise. I’ll-”
EILEEN
“No,” Cas says, virtually monotone. He stares straight ahead, as if refusing to acknowledge Dean.
EMPTY!CAS
Watching Dean march from the room, Castiel hesitated, worry over his mate’s safety soon spitting him square in the face. The racket had only swelled; a scuffle was clearly taking place on the ground floor. It wasn’t until the
Dean snorted. “Shut up, you love me.”
“Bobby insisted… h- he promised he wouldn’t let this happen. Bastard, I should’ve known.”
“I think so, yes,” Castiel said with a smile.
Dean pulled up to the Carroll, Iowa motel just after nine in the morning. It looked shabby, but lacked the putrid feel of the last.
Meanwhile, Claire had hunched forward, eying the couple eagerly and with bated breath.
“Can I stay, Dean?” Castiel interrupted, gaze flying up.
Despite his bodily quirks, Dean behaved much like a human man. An exceptional man, sure, but still a human. That aside, as a demon— and as an alpha demon, especially— the Infernal King was far sturdier than his horn-deficient counterparts, alpha or otherwise. The same went for Benny.
--this gets a smile out of Cas.
Cas sighs, yet smiles. “Okay.”
“Yeah,” Dean said.
Just as Dean was about to speak, the bartender glided in his direction. “Anything I can get for you, Dean?” he asked.
Will do. See you soon, Sammy.
“Cas?” he said, throwing the door open. “We need to talk.”
Dean chuckled. “Dude, I already told you, it’s alright. So you just want to talk? About anything?”
And this is such a romantic little mission you've set out on, hm? If only I could figure out how the hell a human managed to crawl their way into my strictly human-free domain... so, tell me, how did you manage it, pest?
Castiel nodded.
“I still can’t sleep.”
Cas sweeps around, to see Dean. Dean Winchester, standing behind him, an embarrassed  (if not awkward) smile failing to detract from his beauty. Cas can still admit that Dean is beautiful without implying any sort of attraction to him. Right?
Both men stepped inside.
Castiel snorted. “Considering my father seemed to know
Because from what I hear, you like your beauty sleep. And as long as I'm around, let me promise, you won't be getting a damn second of it.
Dude, you've basically hit rock bottom, and I'm worried, okay? We've got actual
Dean is no where in sight. Castiel heaves a long sigh before opening his locker. He hangs up his backpack as to more easily retrieve his textbooks. He pulls out two of his lighter books before kneeling down to rummage for a pencil at the base of his locker.
“Let go of what?”
Castiel nodded plainly, nearly shaking as he tried to maintain a calm composure. He was surrounded by thoughts, swarming him and tying knots inside of his head. Castiel tried to convince himself that he was simply frustrated at Dean for lying. All the same, he knew the truth deep in his gut. Possibly very shallow in his gut.
Castiel couldn’t help but feel slightly thrown-off. Sure, most of the time, reactions to him coming out were somewhere from indifferent to positive. Still, knowing his own luck, he was prone to dread the worst.
“Yep. I mean, what if he rejects you? Wasn’t he totally straight before he asked you out? I’m not necessarily saying he may have gotten over you, because I doubt that, but what if he’s back to chicks? Like, exclusively.”
smell is just phenomenal. I have felt that way since the beginning, and my stance hasn’t changed since.”
Castiel looked up from his seat in the Impala. Dean had his eyes focused on the road. “Dean, I already told you. She-”
“Yes, Dean?”
To Castiel, the next week is a dream. He hopes dearly the Dean is reveling in the experience as much as he is.
. He couldn’t let go of hunting. But he
former guard of the Infernal King. He aided tremendously in my rescue and escape.”
At the base of the hill, Dean caught sight of a small headstone, facing away from him and Castiel. Dean couldn’t hold back a smile when he got a look at the burial sight. That Alfred guy had really done a lot of the work for them. Two cans of gasoline sat to the side, just next to a pair of shovels.
while I’m attempting to work.”
Still, that didn’t stop Cas from kissing back. He let his eyes close.
“Hello, Sam.”
(then)
INT./EXT. IMPALA - LATER
--and Kansas's "CARRY ON WAYWARD SON" begins to swell through the speakers. Settling in around the brothers, filling Baby. Lush, atmospheric.
He turns to look at the younger man in the eye. The deep blue nearly consumes him. Cas is dressed in a plain t-shirt and jeans, opposed to his regular, more formal garb. And, okay, he looks hot. But there’s a particular intensity behind his eyes that both allures and startles Dean.
Castiel nodded. “Then I do believe we are ready. Follow me, Dean.”
It was already too late.
“I should say the same of you, at this point,” Chuck said, snickering. “I was growing impatient, after all. Thank you for finally putting this nonsense to an end.”
Dean sees Cas at the end of the hallway. His heart freezes.
“What the fuck, Cas?” Dean hissed. “What the hell was that?” He tried his best to appear on guard, but he was panicking. Had Castiel tricked him? Had this all been a ploy?
Before Cas had a chance to find his phone and consult the WebMD app, or even the worryingly extensive Curses4You™ database—
I get it,
Or, I could just expel you!
“Then head down to the local fire station! If you go through with this, I’m not gonna be there to save your sorry ass.”
“Sure. Oh, I got a pretty big parliament meeting in the afternoon, though. Think you’d be okay waking up a bit early?”
Christ, how did Charlie convince herself that
Clark SNATCHES the paperback-- Macie startles.
(praying)
Dean offered a small smile. “What, you’re not a criminal on the run, are you?”
The angel’s features relaxed, and he shook his head. “No,” he said. “This is an entirely separate matter.”
“I can’t do this,” Castiel all but whispered. “I can’t pretend that you love me. Because I love you, Dean. I have loved you for so long, and I’ve always dreamt of this, but I don’t want to experience it if I know that it will fade as quickly as it began.”
Castiel chuckled. “Yes, surprisingly, there is more. Um, yeah, definitely more.” He squirmed again.
in his defense?” Mary asked.
After what seemed like the best eon of his life, Castiel felt Dean pull away.
“Hello, Dean.”
And in this particular instance, Castiel, the intended victim, was the one benefiting. The irony was just
He's telling the truth, you know.
Touché.
Yes, Dean. That's all I want, okay? For you to just
Dean thought differently. Well, he hardly knew the omega, so…
Bright light streamed from the demon’s mouth and eyes. He wailed as Castiel remained sturdy, hand still placed on his forehead.
“Sarcasm, Cas. Sarcasm.” Dean turned back to face Summer. “So you want us to drop you off anywhere? Believe it or not, we do have cars.”
Shifty eyed, Cas began to peer around the shop, only slightly disturbed by the disembodied words. Truly, it wasn’t as if he’d been expecting a day-to-day, streamlined retail experience. This was about in line with his expectations, so, whatever.
Guess not.
, and we've gotta try 'n' sell 'em?
Jimmy stopped moving, finally turning to look the other boy in the eye. Although, he wasn’t so much ‘looking’ as he was flat-out glaring. “That’s not the point. Sure, of course I’m gonna break up with her. Of course. It’s this douchebag she slept with that I’m worried about.”
. Understandable enough; it was always useful to mix up your strategies of assholery every now and again. Just to try out something new, experiment a bit with your outermost shittiness.
(then)
“Awesome. So, what? You’re my… boyfriend? That work? Sorry, it’s just that I’ve never been with a guy before. I’m not exactly up to date with terminology.”
Again, Cas shrugged. He took a seat at the breakfast bar, leisurely tapping his fingertips against the pale pink surface. “No preference, no,” he replied, right as Dean was shifting his focus over to the freezer.
Seeing the in, Castiel stepped forward. “In that case, it’s nice to finally meet you, Sam, Eileen. Dean talks about you quite often.”
Within that timeframe, Cas has seen Dean in calculus numerous times (a class Dean skips frequently since the breakup), on top of passing him in the hallway at least three times.
They pull apart a few minutes later. Both are shaking, now.
enjoy sleep-- I also appreciate a bit of entertainment, every now and again. And I've got a real soap opera on my hands, haven't I?
The drive to the Roadhouse is short and sweet, although Dean still manages to make time for conversation. He learns that Castiel is the youngest of six siblings, and that his favourite subject is Human Geography. Of course, Dean can’t help but throw in some more subtle flirtations.
Across the table...
Cas pauses, relaxing just slightly. “What exactly did he tell you?”
Castiel knew the truth, however. No one was lucky in this situation.
Wow. So, you're just... back? For good?
Castiel nodded. “Yes, we are. All of my things are in my car.
Dean shrugged. “Yeah, sure. Why not. It’s some kinda bar?”
Dean cracked another smile. “Shut up,” he said
As they finished eating, Dean spoke. “Dude, that was awesome. Trust me.”
Castiel sighed. “That is complicated,” he said. “You could say… some demons do not let go easily.”
“Awesome,” Dean said. “Now get your ass over here and grab some salt.”
Just stay alert. We'll do everything we damn well can to make sure--
EXT. ONION FIELD - KANSAS - CONTINUOUS
and you better come back in one piece, okay? You
“Just let me explain, all right? Yes, I’m technically here because I heard of your father’s challenge. But I’m not interested in mating you. No offense, but men aren’t really, um, my thing.”
As expected, Chuck was too occupied fuming at his son to catch on.
A couple of months passed, and the constant talk of the evil, evil Dean Winchester died down substantially. It still managed to work it’s way into even slightly relevant conversations, but it was definitely subdued.
She was alive.
(then)
Until he heard sobbing noises.
an asshat.
The angel’s eyes flew open before he hopped off the bed. He walked quickly, weaving around the sleeping woman, until he stood just before Dean. “Did your private phone call go well?”
He was desperate, and the situation was growing increasingly urgent. It wasn’t as if Dean’s proposal wouldn’t be effective— because it would likely serve its purpose, territorial as alphas tended to be. Still, that didn’t mean that it wouldn’t involve a staggering degree of sacrifice, and only on Castiel’s much shabbier end of the bargain.
“I believe so, yes,” Castiel mutters, finally looking up to meet Dean’s eyes. Apparently they’re a deep forest green, reminiscent of the open fields by Castiel’s house.
Cas sighs once more and throws his locker shut, thoughts nearly pressing against the inside of his skull.
A beat-- no response.
Dean attempts even another grim. “Hey, don’t worry, man. What he did was probably the best for the both of us.”
And Claire. I'm so, so glad to finally meet you. I've wanted to for quite a while, now, but...
Dean blushes. “I mean, man, it’s hard. You’re just so fuckin’ extraordinary compared to me, and-”
Cas’s eyes widen a bit. “Lucifer?” he mutters. “I had thought… I had thought that Gabriel had told you.”
EILEEN lingers by the map table. SAM PACES, agitated, slightly manic, dog leash thrown over his shoulder. Both in fresh athletic wear. MIRACLE shadows, lazing nearby.
Macie picks another copy, flips through.
He hadn’t thought to build his collection until two years previous, after confronting Bobby about what had been on his mind his entire life:
He unlocked the trunk and tossed it open. He stuffed as many canisters of salt into his arms as he could manage, before closing it with his elbow.
“Really?”
He stepped out of Baby and waited for Castiel. The angel strode beside him.
(then)
Dean narrows his gaze. “Did something happen to Cas?”
Cas couldn’t help but pick up on Dean’s smell; soap mostly, but there was still a hint of whiskey and something that Cas couldn’t pinpoint.
And, an uncontainable eye-roll from Castiel. “I still don’t know if this is a positive or a negative reaction. ‘Strong’ as in… unpleasant?”
Wow, man... you really don't get it, do you? You don't...
Dean began to disperse the fluid across the body. It wasn’t long before he heard Castiel’s voice.
He shook his head, clearing his mind. Dean made his way over to Castiel’s room and knocked.
Dean froze. “What do you mean?”
Except for one stool.
“Great speech,” Ellen said, a small smile tugging at her lips. “Now, c’mon, go bring him over.”
“Worried?” Castiel knits his eyebrows.
“Wait,” Dean calls. Castiel gives him a look of raw interest. “Could you get us a chocolate milkshake to share?”
Plus, again, not a window in sight. Apparently, the king was willing to manage a bit of claustrophobia for the sake of privacy… or security.
Lucifer grins. “C’mon, that’s all you have to say? Haven’t seen you in four years.”
Sincerely, Castiel
Dean pulls away after a moment. “You were saying?”
“No, no,” Cas says quickly. “It is nothing like that.”
Dean sighed, following this with a long pause. “Listen. Do you really want to know?” he said eventually.
Dean lead them out the door. Castiel was right. It was dark. Still, he decided that walking along a nearly deserted road wouldn’t pose too much danger, in terms of traffic. Hell, Dean wouldn’t even mind if they were jumped. He was still riled up and very willing to punch something.
"What the hell are you?"
Dean closed the bedroom door behind his friend. “Sure,” he said, watching Castiel reach for the computer tucked under his bed. “Whatcha need it for?”
“C’mon, Sammy, you gotta say something. Anything. Hell, call me out as a raging lunatic, I don’t care,” Dean said.
A hint of surprise lingers on Castiel’s face. “Your mother is deceased.” A statement, not a question. “I am sorry.”
would have such a dramatic effect. Christ. You do know that I use this stuff as a base for caffeine-substitute charms, right?”
“I’m trans,” Castiel blurted. He could only hope that Dean’s raised brows were a result of him inadvertently speaking louder. “Ah, transgender. I’m transgender.”
C'mon, kid, I'm really counting on you. Please. Don't back out on me, not now.
More choking noises. Maybe it was time to give up on speaking.
Cas shivers as he finishes the letter. He could tell Dean to stop. He should tell Dean to stop. Dean said he would stop if asked, no question. So that’s all Cas had to do. Ask.
Gavin laughs. "Fuck, man," he gasps. "You do like that fucking freaky kid. Never knew you were so messed up."
Cas makes his way to the door, trudging slowly. He twists and tugs at the knob, revealing a large living space. Also empty in terms of life, although the space has very clearly been lived in. Papers and leftover plates sit atop the coffee table, a navy blue sofa sports a slightly out of place cushion, and rugs that have been bunched and folded at the ends cover the floor. Cas walks slowly into the space, still dreary eyed and blinking away the remnants of sleep.
“Think you’re ready to try sleeping again?” Dean interjected.
Dean had made the discovery, however. “Oh,” he said, gnawing at his lip. “So, when you were out visiting Sam this morning, I told my co-worker she could stop by. Basically, she’s in the middle of moving apartments, and she’d only just enchanted some moss the other day, so—”
“Bobby,” Dean murmured. “I’m sorry, okay? But I’m doing this. I’m going to do this.”
“I am,” Kaia said, lacing her fingers with Claire. “I used Claire’s soul as a target, basically. To travel here, as quickly as I could.”
The damage was done.
However, Cas’s predictions end up sinking between the floorboards. Dean takes hold of Cas’s left hand, intertwining their fingers. “C’mon,” Dean says again, although his voice has softened significantly.
And Castiel chuckled. Clearly, this was not the reaction Chuck had expected from his son. “You’re right. I do have a mate. A mate who happens to be standing right behind you, by the way.”
“Well that’s certainly something.”
The kitchen was silent.
The remainder of the drive to Alfred was near silent, aside from Castiel providing directions here and there.
(trying to de-escalate)
Castiel balked. He should have seen this coming, sure, but it’s also not what he’d prepared for Dean to say. Although, he wasn’t really sure what he
! God, I can't believe... it's so good to see you, man. I never thought...
Dean was gaping. Castiel didn’t look any less shocked.
Kaia waves, Eileen signs in greeting.
What a relief. For a second there, I was really worried that--
! Twelve boxes, piled up in the friggin' storage closet.
The older man sighed. “I need some time to take this in,” he stated plainly before flying past Dean and out of the kitchen.
“I like the whole John Constantine look you got going, by the way.”
(no fucking way)
Dean took to staring absently at the wall in front of him. It wasn’t until Castiel spoke that he was thrown out of his brief trance.
A green post-it note is laying on the floor of his locker. It doesn’t look like one of Cas’s own notes (he doesn’t remember purchasing green), and it has what looks like hurried writing scrawled across its face. Cas blinks a few times at the note before picking it up.
Certain details would have to be omitted, for the sake of Gabriel’s psychological well-being. Thankfully for his brother, Castiel was nothing if not a gracious man.
Castiel hung in the back, looking at the ground as he walked.
“Boys!” a voice rang out to their left. Before Castiel had time to catch a clear glance at the woman, Mary’s arms were pulling him into a tight hug.
“Hey, you forgot Baum, nerd,” Dorothy said, fake-pouting.
Naturally, Castiel had barely managed to lead Claire through the entryway before Dean came barreling in. Benny was on his heels, hitting Castiel with what were very clearly apologetic eyes. That was… not a good sign.
Shaking his head, Castiel knew he’d have to quickly placate his protective older brother. “Not at all, trust me. I was actually hoping to further introduce you to Claire in just a moment, as we catch up
Alfred sighed. “Okay, okay. Just… get it over with.” He handed the locket carefully over to Castiel.
Twelve minutes.
Dean nodded. “Yeah, I shoulda been able to figure that out. Sorry.”
At that, Dean shrugged. “All I’m saying is that your scent would help with the release of mating hormones or whatever, and the bond would sure as hell be more likely to take. That’s all.”
Castiel carefully rises, until his is standing just six inches from Dean. They face each other.
Of course, Castiel knew from the jump that he wouldn’t be listening to Dean’s command. He was unarmed, sure, but he was also running on adrenaline and far too curious for his own good.
“Mm,” Dean hummed drowsily. “Yeah, Cas?”
Charlie nodded, sucking on her bottom lip. “Got it. So, what’s up?”
They launch inside, and--
EILEEN
The drive back to the Alfred’s house was quiet, Dean having learned the fairly simple route. He had a knack for navigation, anyway.
Cas also peeks over at the opposite side of the bed; empty.
And that's why your mojo has been flickering out.
“Vengeful over what?” Dean muttered. "Feeling replaced?"
Dean’s eyes flickered open. He groaned, turning to face his bedside clock: just past two o’ clock. In the morning.
Treetops continued to scrape the surface of the sky. Meanwhile, Castiel pushed himself upright, abs cramping in protest. Another gust of wind hit, and he hurried to brush the debris from his arms, before tugging down his sleeves. Shivers punching through his body.
“Okay. Yeah,” Dean said. “I’ll just… grab my coat and go, then. Be right back.”
“Castiel,” she says, emphasizing the end of his name. The part that Dean hasn’t used in years.
Go figure. Maybe he’s stronger than he gives himself credit for. Still, there’s an unknottable brick of dread in his stomach that he can’t get rid of.
“You could find someone else,” Dean mutters, so quietly that he barely even notices he’s speaking. “S-stay with me, but go pick someone up at a bar. If that would help.” He swallows. “I just want you to be happy.”
“And you’re…” Cas starts, trailing off so Dean can finish the statement on his own.
Dean nods minutely and lowers his head slightly, like he’s ashamed. “I’m sorry.”
Dean nods blank-eyed at the angel presiding over the sentencing--Zachariah, Dean thinks--who just looks down at Dean without a shred of sympathy. Not that Dean would deserve it anyway. He did fight against the Republic, but the Republic is unjust, so it wasn’t like Dean had a moral choice. If it comes between fighting for the Republic that wants to execute Dean’s brother for being a possible vessel for their public enemy #1, or against them, Dean will pick against every time.
Dean slides into bed, pulls Cas into a kiss (which Cas happily reciprocates), and carefully maneuvers himself on top of Cas. Dean wiggles his hips slightly, trying to settle himself in a way that’s comfortable for Cas.
“I don’t think it’s working,” the angel says less than half a second after Dean’s hand touches his dick.
Dean swipes his hand over his slit and shivers as pre-come leaks onto his hand. He sighs in relief at the extra slickness, absently wondering what it tastes like.
Dean reaches forward with a shaking hand, grasps the door knob, twists it, and pushes it open. A sparse set of rooms--nothing more than a small kitchenette, living area, and two doors that Dean assumes lead to a bathroom and bedroom--comes into view.
“I’m okay,” Cas says, mostly to himself. “That was… good,” he lies, wishing he could remember what happened. Even if he didn’t like it, the missing time sits uncomfortably in Cas’ stomach. “Again?” He asks, trying to conceal the fear in his voice.
Next to him, Cas shivers, and Dean turns to face him. “That was somethin’,” Dean says, dazed. “You okay?”
After a careful moment of consideration, Cas raises a hand and lays it over Dean’s aching muscle. “May I?”
Then his stomach drops in horror as the angel wipes the come off on
Then Dean hears something that makes his heart freeze in his chest. A very quiet, pleasured moan filters out of the bathroom, followed by a word, rough and deep, punched right from Cas’ chest.
“Are you here?” Cas sounds a little worried, but not enough to raise concern on Dean’s part.
Dean nods, and thirty seconds later Cas is naked in front of him. Damn. It’s not that Dean’s never seen Cas without a shirt on——he had taken to sleeping shirtless after he learned that it wouldn’t freak Dean out——but still. Damn. His legs are fucking
“Not your fault, Cas,” Dean chokes out, leaning his head against Cas’ shoulder. “It was nice.” He goes still against Cas. “Really nice, ‘till…” he sighs. “I just won’t do that next time.”
“Mind telling me what you were doing earlier?” Dean asks cautiously. “When you had your hand on my chest?” The more he knows about what the angel can do the better. It’ll aid him when he manages to escape.
“Doesn’t matter,” Dean says, sounding content. “Not when you’re here.”
“Answer me,” the angel presses.
he tells himself.
“No,” the angel answers shortly. He bends down and——Jesus fucking Christ——licks a long stripe through the come, up Dean’s muscled stomach and chest. “Is it supposed to be salty?”
“C’mere,” Dean says, stretching out his arms. Cas eagerly tucks himself into Dean’s hold with a sigh, and allows Dean to pull him close.
Terrifying.
Sobs.
“Gets better,” Dean grunts as he twists his hand.
“Maybe next time,” Dean says.
“Cas?” Dean is staring down at Cas, looking terribly concerned. “You with me?” He starts to swing himself off of Cas, but is quickly stopped by Cas’ hands jerking upwards to hold him in place.
Dean’s entire body goes cold, then flashes hot with embarrassment and shame.
Dean raises his eyebrows. “What?”
“You can touch,” Cas says, rubbing Dean’s side. Dean shivers at the pressure against the scar that runs along his side, but doesn’t flinch. Cas is safe. He’d never hurt Dean.
Dean’s hand stops.
So Dean lets Cas prep him, offering gentle corrections where he can without seeming like a pillow princess, and grits his teeth when Cas is just a little rough. That’s okay, though. This is one of Cas’ first times. He’ll get better at this.
Then he’s naked, his cock hard, with his eyes trained on Cas.
Dean sits up properly and scoots to the edge of the bed. “I’ll be back in a sec,” he says. “Just going to clean myself up. “I’m still…” he waves at the drying splatter across his stomach. It makes him feel sick.
The door to the room opens, and several sets of footsteps patter into the room. Dean wrinkles his nose as the air begins to crackle with energy, and the weight of the situation starts to set in.
“Dean,” Cas says, but he doesn’t scold. If anything, he looks pleasantly surprised by what Dean had said. He squirts a generous amount of shampoo into his hands——more than Dean is used to using, anyway——and rubs it between his hands until bubbles start to appear.
He can’t do this.
“D’you want me inside of you?”
Cas goes still under Dean. Even his breath stops. Still, he answers “yes” after a moment’s consideration.
Which makes his current predicament rather odd, because——as of this exact moment——Cas is lip-locked with one Dean Winchester, who is half-naked and leaning over Cas as they both work to get comfortable on Dean’s bed. Oddly enough, Cas’ usually infallible memory fails him at this moment, because he cannot remember how he got here.
“I just…” Even after all this time, Dean still finds it awkward to talk to Cas about this. “I’m. I’m having a hard time touching,” Dean grits out. “Myself.” He grimaces. “My dick,” he clarifies unnecessarily. “I--I
to,” he continues. “But I can’t. Every time I--every time I try, all I can hear is
Not when he’s getting better.
Cas is right behind him. Shit.
“Really,” Dean insists, sitting back against the headboard. “I’m fine.” Unfortunately, that’s exactly when his dick decides to twitch, and Dean swallows a groan.
Terrified, Dean opens his mouth and licks the come off of his lips. It’s salty, sure, but there’s something else there. It doesn’t make the come taste better by any stretch, but it’s… different. Like stars, maybe?
he’s so gentle that Dean wants to cry in earnest. More tears well up in Dean’s eyes, and he shivers in Cas’ arms.
Dean nervously picks at a hangnail on one of his fingers.
“You sure?” Dean asks. “You seem kinda spacey.” His eyes flit around Cas’ face, worried. “You know we don’t need to do this, right?”
--but he does know sex, and this angel doesn’t seem to, so Dean is going to offer corrections where it will make things easier for him. He just hopes that the angel doesn’t know about penatrative sex yet.
“Dean? Are you okay?”
“And why did you do this?” The angel asks, swiping a finger through the remaining come and sticking it in his mouth.
Acid burning in his throat, Dean looks up at Cas.
“You’re doing so well,” Cas says. His hand has migrated to Dean’s hair, and is gently messing with it.
Dean lifts his hips from Cas’ and spreads his legs a bit so that he isn’t pressed up against Cas’ crotch area.
Cas digs his thumb into the knot in Dean’s muscle, and Dean fucking
It takes Dean a moment to realize that Cas is holding him, and
In front of him is an angel: blue-eyed with dark hair and a blue-silver pair of wings. He’s… god, he’s…
Cas nods, seeming somewhat out of it himself, and squints at Dean in the low light. He glances around the room, down to Dean’s come-splattered stomach, and pieces together what must have happened.
“You didn’t.” Dean coughs. “Push me. I wanted to.” His stomach twists, and he gags. He leans into Cas’ side, tucking himself into a tight ball. The come still on his belly squishes and spreads, and Dean fights a shudder. “I pushed myself.” He groans as his stomach starts cramping. “Shit.”
Dean gripes to himself.
“Usually it takes a little time.” Dean keeps his eyes focused on the ceiling above him, and tries not to think of everything that’s happening. If he does, he’s afraid he might throw up. Dean strokes up and down the angel’s dick with a slow hand, and the angel gasps. Dean can feel the angel hardening in his hand.
Dean manages to get himself under the water, though. It’s not bad after he pushes past the anxiety surrounding the situation. Cas follows, and it takes a moment before Dean realizes just how close Cas is behind him. Just how vulnerable Dean has made himself. Just how much danger he’s put himself in.
Dean thinks.
Dean’s breath sticks in his chest as he considers Cas’ offer. “Okay.” He shakes out his hands. “Yeah. Okay, we can do that.”
Either way, Dean had still ended up getting thrown against the wall so hard that he blacked out. Tulpas have quite the death throw.
“Why am I here?”
He forced himself to have sex with Dean, and blanked.
“I can do that.”
“Don’t be.” Cas says, reaching out and grabbing shampoo——the nice stuff Cas insists on buying that smells like honey and lavender——and popping the cap open. “I wasn’t thinking.”
“Do you want me to do the other shoulder, too?” Cas asks.
The angel’s wings spread out to their full length over Dean, and his breath catches in his throat as he sees the grace swirling through the feathers. The angel tenses above Dean, then makes a very small, human sounding whimper, and comes. It splatters over Dean’s chest, and Dean flinches at the feel of it.
“Cas,” he starts. “Your nails are kinda sharp. Can you l-let g——
Cas nods slightly, a silent ‘go on.’
“Next time?”
The angel places a hand on Dean’s chest and almost immediately pitches forward with a low moan.
Cas steps back to get some more soap, and Dean lets himself drift. He falls into the back of his mind, almost consumed by the warmth of the water and pleasant feeling of Cas washing him. It’s nice.
Then the angel’s eyes flash a blazing blue, the lights in the room flicker, and Dean remembers why he should be afraid. The muscles in the angel’s legs tense, and he lets out a shuddery gasp.
“Dean,” Cas says, looking at Dean with the most concerned expression on his face. “It’s okay.”
“You don’t need to ask permission,” Cas says softly, just so that it can be heard over the water. He steps around Dean, so that Dean doesn’t have to move, and looks Dean in the eyes. “Is this better?”
“Dean?”
“Cas,” Dean murmurs from where he’s pressed up against Cas. Dean’s head is tucked under Cas’ chin, and Dean’s cheek is resting against Cas’ chest.
“Oh,” Dean squeaks. “O-okay.” He settles his hand over Cas’ hips.
Dean sighs minutely. He loves Cas——more than he can properly express, really——but sometimes Cas’ incessant need for explicit consent can be grating. It’s better that he asks, but sometimes Dean wishes that Cas would just take a nod of the head, or an affirmative hum. Sometimes ‘yes’ feels too strong.
Okay. No big deal there, Dean can just wait for Cas to finish showering, and then take his turn.
“I’d never touch you unless you wanted me to. I’d never hurt you that way.” The tips of Cas’ ears go pink. “You know that, right?”
“I love you for who you are, Dean, not because of your sexual proficiency.”
“Tell me.”
Currently, Cas knows two truths. Firstly: he enjoys Dean Winchester more than a friend should enjoy one’s friend, and most certainly would not mind kissing him. But Dean is straight, and would never look at Cas that way, so Cas is content with what he has. Secondly: Cas does not enjoy sex. At all. In the slightest.
“You can touch yourself,” Cas murmurs. One of his hands comes up to rest comfortingly on Dean’s shoulder. “You’re allowed to feel pleasure, Dean.”
Cas was right. Dean does feel better.
Dean thinks, glancing down at hard-on he’s still sporting. He bites his lip, and ignores it.
Dean sighs and moves to run a hand through his greasy hair, then winces as something in his arm twinges painfully. “You can’t do anything,” he says quietly. More than anything, Dean just needs to let himself heal, but it’s annoying as hell just sitting around and not being able to do anything for himself. “Unless you wanna hose me down,” he says with a sarcastic tone. “I don’t think anything’ll help me.”
“Shh,” Cas hums, still moving his hands calmly over Dean’s body like Dean isn’t some kind of sick, pervy freak. “It’s okay to have reactions, Dean.” One of his hands swipes over a long scar that runs up Dean’s ribs, and Dean presses into the contact, just slightly. He aches for it, the soft, loving touches that Cas can never seem to give enough of.
A burst of grace rushes through Dean, slamming his prostate, and he comes harder than he has in years.
Cas stretches his arms above his head. “Take care of yourself, Dean.”
Dean shivers as one of Cas’ soap-slicked hands runs down his back, and barely stops a shudder when Cas’ hand comes to a rest on the small of his back. It’s light pressure——nothing more than that——but Dean still winces and bites his lip as an unwelcome heat blooms in his belly.
Dean smiles at the praise, and manages to grab a washcloth to clean Cas off with. Dean’s cock shifts uncomfortably in his pants when he moves to grab the washcloth, and he tries to ignore it.
“Worth a shot,” Dean says, his voice remarkably steady.
Dean’s hand cups Cas’ cheek, and turns his face until they’re looking into each other’s eyes.
“You’re uncomfortable,” Cas says. “Let me help you. I don’t like seeing you hurt.”
“I saw what you were about to do.”
Quickly, Dean strips off his shirt and places it on the counter. Goosebumps pop up all over his arms and scarred shoulders, but he tries his best to ignore them.
Cas hums in response to that, and his eyes flutter shut.
“I’m gonna wreck you,” Dean continues, unsure as to whether or not that was the correct thing to say.
Cas pulls his boxers off, shivering as his cock is exposed to the air. He’s not hard yet, but quickly heading that way. He had forgotten just what Dean’s voice does to him.
“What?” The angel asks, tipping his head to the side.
Cas turns the water off, and the steam in the bathroom quickly turns cold. A second later, Dean has a towel wrapped around him. He ties it at the waist, and shakes his head to get some of the water out of his hair.
“How did you——“
“C-can I see the lube?” He asks. “Kinda dry over here.”
“We don’t need to do anything,” Cas says, keeping his voice steady. “Stay calm. Let it pass.” His hands settle on Dean’s hips. “Tell me to stop if you need to.”
Cas rolls Dean off him, and manages to position them so they’re side to side. Dean keeps babbling, scared out of his wits and exhausted from needlessly stressing over this for hours. And god, he knows the stress is needless, but that doesn’t stop him from worrying.
They reach the bathroom, and Dean takes a deep breath before stepping into the room. Immediately, Cas heads for one of the shower stalls and turns the water on so that it can heat up. Then he looks over to Dean, so full of love and care, and Dean’s heart melts just a bit.
Cas cups Dean’s face. “I
“Stop,” Dean whimpers.
“Does it ah-always feel like this?” The angel asks, and Dean really wonders why he should be afraid of this guy.
He really shouldn’t be this worried. Cas has seen him naked plenty——both before and after the shifter——and said that they could go slow. Hell, they’ve had sex (albeit not under the best circumstances) and Dean came out of it okay. There’s no reason for him to be so scared.
Dean needs to take a moment after he thinks that, because his thought implies that this is just the first time of many. And Dean obviously wants that, but who knows if Cas thinks this is just some fling or one night stand?
“Help you shower,” Cas says, like it’s perfectly normal. “You’d feel better clean.”
Dean looks over at Cas, fear sparking quietly in his eyes. “I want to. I’m okay,” he murmurs.
Cas tilts his head. “Not that. I was thinking… maybe if I told you it was okay…” he swallows nervously. “If I let you ‘break the rules’ so to speak, you would have an easier time?”
But now Cas is tugging Dean back to their room (innocently. God, they must have done this a hundred times, but Dean is so tense tonight that he can barely make himself move), and Dean is starting to worry. Panic curls in his belly at the thought of what he’s about to do.
“I know you used to like it when I…” Dean’s words peter out. “When I’d tell you what I wanted to do. Not sure if that still does it for you, but I thought we could try something like that.” Dean nervously taps the fingers of his right hand on his left palm. “I can’t touch you yet, but I might be able to talk about it.”
“Cas,” Dean purrs. “All your clothes.”
“Shh-shh,” Dean hushes, ignoring the slight curdle in his stomach as he quiets Cas’ whimpers and moans. “I’ll take care of you. You’re okay.” Dean wishes he could touch Cas in the way Cas needs. Still, Dean manages to reach out and squeeze Cas’ shoulder, which makes Cas gasp.
It makes Dean feel a little sick.
“C-came,” Dean squeaks. “Angel’s don’t do that?” He asks.
“This.” Cas squeezes again, and Dean moans, again. God, he’s ridiculous. Another few moments, and Dean feels more relaxed than he has in days. Weeks, maybe.
Dean bites his lip, searching for something else to say. He used to be good at this, and Cas doesn’t seem to be complaining, but Dean isn’t sure what to say next.
Carefully, Dean starts to stroke himself. It’s slow and curious at first, almost like he’s relearning how to do this, but he quickly finds a comfortable speed, and sticks to it.
Luckily, he doesn’t recognize most of them. There’s one or two faces that he vaguely remembers from bygone days in the trenches, but he can’t put names with them. Thank god Sam and Charlie aren’t among them. Dean lets the angel guiding him tip his head down, and tries to calm the frenetic beating of his heart. Angels can hear things like that, and Dean doesn’t want them knowing how scared he is.
“Not that I know of,” Castiel said. “It may just be stress.”
died?
like a human, at that point. Surely, a “human” would have dropped dead of exhaustion by then, right?
“Okay, first off, I am
Frankly, for Cas, it was the epitome of domestic bliss.
useful asset to us in our escape.”
“Hey, Castiel!” Dean called.
Although the suitor was facing away from Castiel, he gasped, making an effort to peek over his shoulder. This effort failed tremendously, of course. “Your highness! Don’t worry, you won’t have to suffer at the hands of these monsters, any longer! I will—”
Castiel expects a lot of things to happen. To be called a fag on the lower end of the scale, or to be punched in the jaw on the upper end. Ill-prepared for whatever’s about to come at him, Castiel closes his eyes. And waits.
you not to call me that. Ever.”
Curiously, Dean peered down at the screen. His heart skipped a beat instantly.
; the king apologizing with glazed eyes and a smirk, as Castiel felt his extremities begin to grow numb, the room liquifying and whirling inward.
At that, Dean hauled his supplies over to the center of the couch, before swinging his legs over the side. “Dude. Guess I’m gonna have to feed the shit outta you, then,” Dean grumbled, already heading toward the kitchen, cutting the music on his way there.
, if Charlie’s plan was to succeed, Cas was going to have to take some initiative, first. There was nothing productive about standing in place, waiting for the asphalt to swallow both his body
Breaking the silence-- a KNOCK at the door. Dean comes back online, moves to answer. Stops to SCOWL at the mess. While side-tracked--
“Are you with Bobby?” Mary asked, urgency singeing her voice.
As the couple finishes their breakfast, they toss their plates and silverware into the already
“First of all, I’m honoured that you think I’m above grudges,” Jimmy said. “But I’m not. I’m not just gonna let this guy pull the ‘oh, I didn’t know she was in a relationship’ card and--”
Dean stepped around Castiel and into the motel room. He cringed at the sight. The walls were painted a questionable puce colour, and the carpet was stained in more than one spot.
“Oh,” Castiel made sure to say, “I hope you don’t mind, but we’ve already taken care of the mating bite, for safety purposes during our travels. Otherwise, we have yet to consummate the union.”
(amused)
alarming way he could go about explaining himself? He really should have prepared a script. Dammit. “Nothing too bad. Food hasn’t had much of a taste, I’ve had trouble sleeping, my skin is apparently impervious to boiling hot liquids—”
Dean laughs nervously. “Dude, I didn’t even know Luci was living with you now. And, hey, you don’t have to take it that far. Just keep your secrets away from him, maybe.” Dean pauses. “I’m not defending what he did, though. I mean, he had no right to tell me anything.”
Castiel’s eyes widened. “Excuse me? You should show me some respect.”
“I usually can,” Castiel responded, choosing his words carefully. He didn’t even know what this was about, exactly, yet he could tell that it was a touchy topic for the alpha. Best proceed with caution. “Almost all the time, actually. It’s just a very gentle scent. Certainly… greatly subdued. For whatever reason. But what I
...hopefully? Sure, probably. It was
was certainly one way to put it. He’d been doomed to end up in a “situation” one day, hadn’t he? It was almost shocking that it hadn’t happened sooner.
They don’t make eye-contact; not that they usually make eye-contact. Nonetheless, something in Cas feels as if it is sinking. Something is enormously wrong, and he refuses to admit anything to himself.
Castiel closes his eyes and draws in a deep breath. The thought alone is enough to put him on the verge of an anxiety attack. “No,” he responds simply.
“What were you apologizing over? Couldn’t be where?” Dean questioned.
Dean didn't miss a beat. "You're lying," he said. "There is no such thing."
Heaving a sigh and forcefully brushing away all thoughts pertaining to his ex-boyfriend, Cas finishes getting ready for school in a hurry. He ends up sitting on the curb for twenty minutes, waiting for the bus.
"Thank you for understanding, Dean."
And this time... I ain't gonna let you down, either.
Oh, and you wanna know what he tried telling me, after that?
Benny gave Dean a brief, albeit stern, glance. “Dean here talked about quite a lot after the nitty-gritty of Ally Training yesterday,” he said.
you. In the middle school sense. I like you.”
Dean hesitated. “No, not right now.”
They were on the road by seven o’ clock the next morning. Summer provided the address of her home in Sargent, Nebraska. Castiel drove separately, making sure to show his car to Dean beforehand.
“Bobby…” Dean said slowly. “Y’know how I confronted you a couple of years ago about the lore?”
Castiel groaned. “You’re embarrassing yourself, and you’re embarrassing me. So, please consider just… stopping. You’re not needed.”
I am! For good. Really.
With Dean Winchester.
Except, that wasn’t entirely fair. Castiel had agreed to this plan, after all. The evening prior, while Castiel had been acting as the alpha’s pastry-happy sous-chef, Dean had voiced an idea.
EXT. ONION FIELD - KANSAS - DAY
“Like a dick?”
“Hey, cut the chivalry, okay? I said I’ll take the floor.”
“He has a point, Cassie,” Gabriel says after a moment. “How ‘bout we make this a family convo? Can’t be that confidential.”
--and the floor lightly RUMBLES, jostled with care... just as it had been, hours prior. Jack's reassurance.
“You think I’m cute?” Castiel interrupted, eyes brimming with surprise.
So he's really... become God, then. And you defeated Chuck. You won.
Castiel shook his head. “No, this is good. Would you like to pour the gasoline?”
Again, Charlie nudged him, although with more pressure than earlier. “Dude, I’m serious. I just know that if anyone’s gonna be able to give us a clue, here, it’s gonna be
Dean doesn’t entirely understand the rush of relief that travels through him, so he chooses to ignore it.
And Cas couldn’t possibly will himself to disagree.
To Dean’s relief, Castiel shook his head. “No. They are staying with relatives nearby.”
“So,” Sam said, smiling almost devilishly. “Tell me. How long have you guys been dating? I mean, you’ve pretty much acted like a couple since you started living together. So… how long?”
Castiel huffed a laugh, looking downward. “No, I’m a college student, unfortunately. I’m also, um, something else. And you should know.”
“I don’t know yet. It may be, yes.” Castiel paused. “You’re already speaking as if you’ve done this before.”
“So,” Alfred said. Dean turned his head to face the source of the voice.
The group hangs around the map table-- bowls of snacks, beers, nice liquor. Claire and Kaia cozy up. So do Dean and Cas, but wary. Light, gleeful chatter. Peace, ease, at last.
Dean reacts as expected-- splutters, flustered. Unable to retort.
(to incorporeal Jack)
“Cas, not to startle you or anything, but I’m pretty damn sure I can smell you now.”
“Yes.”
Dean swallowed. “There is one… problem.”
“Castiel told you what he is, right? Because he tried to hide it from me for a while.”
truth to his own limited understanding of Dean’s history, no matter now fable-esque the story felt.
Dean wasn’t able to hear the rest of what Castiel was saying.
Turning to look at Dean, Castiel noticed that his eyes were blown wide. “What I’m saying, Dean, is that I love you. It’s not that difficult to comprehend.” The bitter sting in his tone had been unintentional, but was there, nonetheless.
Yes, that's what I expected, too.
? Well, it did, just not in the way you would have hoped, you selfish, deranged
Or, maybe...
Castiel smiled. “Well, I’d spent a couple of years preparing.”
“Hey, you doin’ okay out here? Seriously, what the hell happened back there?”
A moment of silence later, Cas is the one pulling Dean in for a kiss. It begins as a chaste meeting of the lips, but he kiss deepens quickly as the pair simultaneously pull each other in tighter. Deans hands migrate to Cas’s hips as Cas’s cling to the fabric above Dean’s chest. Cas soon finds himself pressed up again the kitchen counter as Dean seems to grow more confident.
“Would you boys like to join the rest of the family in the living room? Ellen and I were just finishing up dinner. John decided to sit one out, considering the mashed potato incident of last year.”
Dean turned to the other man. “You ready?” he said. “Dinner’s scheduled for 6 o’clock, so we’ve got about an hour to socialize. Think you can manage, or do you wanna wait in the car for a few minutes?”
“Cas. How many times do I have to say it? It’s fine, man. Completely and totally fine,” Dean said, smiling.
He squinted at his own reflection, as if challenging himself to unveil the truth… which, was
Dean groaned.
“Would you like to bring over some salt?” Castiel asked. Dean looked up.
So Dean swung the weapon.
It was a patchwork mess, although Castiel was far too distracted to take offense.
not a catastrophic failure. Thanks, Cas.” His movements had slowed, and he was smiling. His scent was freshening.
“Have you called your mother yet?”
about something like this?”
Dean sighed and pulled out his phone. Just as he was about to press the “emergency” button, a tight grip wrapped around his throat. Dean gasped as he looked down to see the girl, smiling wickedly now. Before Dean could say anything (not that he could speak, anyway), he found himself pressed up against a brick wall. Fuck, the girl was strong.
With a newfound confidence, Cas speeds toward Dean’s locker, prepared for anything.
Dean looks up, features contorted by confusion. “What?”
The demon was chuckling. She looked like she was about to speak when Dean interrupted. “So, how many demons you got there? Four, looks like? Assuming you’re all of the demon variety.”
Cas’s crush has become something more. Not quite love, not yet. Castiel is still too hesitant and unsure of himself for that. But the amount and intensity of the affection he feels toward Dean is indescribable.
“It’s called the Roadhouse. I don’t know, just seems like your type of place. I could give you directions, if you’d like,” Summer said.
Part of him hoped that his uncle would be asleep, but Dean knew that he wouldn’t be. All the lights were on when he stepped into the house, anyway. So he had no excuse not to get this over with.
Much like the room Castiel had been given as a disconcerting form of shelter, the other areas were remarkable in how… not grand they were. Certainly, the halls weren’t dripping with shameless displays of wealth and—
“Dude, dude,” Dean says with a deep chuckle. “Life is more than school. You’re allowed to enjoy more than what you can fit on your goddamn schedule.”
Castiel looks down and blushes. “I have told you, Meg,” he starts. “I didn’t know it at the time, but I realize now that I am gay.”
“But you’re straight.”
“We haven’t talked in over a year, Meg,” Cas states plainly as he turns back around to face the girl, nonetheless.
. From Billie. It took 'em both.
Dean turned to walk toward the door, before pausing. He looked over his shoulder toward Castiel.
And, Dean... thank you. I tried, I really did, I just... even as God, I had no power over the Empty. I didn't
EILEEN
Dean nodded. “S’okay. Only one? Dude, you didn’t come out to me until senior year, right before graduation. So you only had one relationship in high school?”
you? And was he just
Dean cocked a brow, sitting up straight in his bed. “So you’re saying I’m not a good ally?”
Why ever would you want to se him ?
An announcement cracked over the ap system
they made their way to the graveside passing by the ancient faded headstones,, they reached the cairns - Novak family morsalium
I was not originally going to Wright this as I was busy working on other projects, but I really need an escape from the trainreck that is currently my life so now I am sitting here with a beer  in one hand and my phone in the other  so yer looks like this thing is happening
Benny grinned oh I was the brains of the outfit !
Cas looked out of the window
4 hours surrounded by strangers in a sardine can 30 thousand feet in the air was a about as much human contact as Castiel could handle.
Dean works for his farther running the family business
So did I Joe laughed but apparently singer had other ideas
We have you in seats 24&25 the girl grind.
Cas took a sip it's not that bad thanks Sam
The Winchester was a run down ,, crumbling heap with chipped paint a bar that had seen better days and a dirty mustard colour carpet covered in stains .
castiel smiled at a snap of Anna in beer hat kissing some random on the cheek ,, that was now set as her profile picture .
So Sam Sam Winchester
What if we run out of food
Hunters !!
Afew hours later the plane finally touched down on the runway .
It smells like golums armpit
Nurse beny thrashed about as people stumbled about trying to check on the pasients
Well he is as I said looking for an assistant!!
I'm so sorry about her the blond apologised it's her birthday so she has had a little to much to drink
I think where on our own this time
Cas took off through the darkend coridoor as broken lights flickered he ran up the stairs in to the main lobby
Meg offered a hand weel tell them together
Dean sat down his cruches leaned up against the bench as he staird out across the moons surface
Anna laughed
It was ment to be her day off but apparently one of the nurses had gone home sick so bang goes her plans of pizza booz telly how did that saying go plans best layd never come to pass
After the breakfast was cleared away cas prepared his grandma's bag making sure they had all her medications and incidentals,,
As he walked back to the house  on the end of the street was a small notice board his eyes were drawn to one notice in particular,,  profesional photographer seeking personal  assistant please apply to Sam Winchester the bunker  hunters studios Laurence cansas.
I'm no professor darlin  but if where on the moon how are breathing I mean I'm no astranaught but the moon has not oxygen actually come to think of it why aren't we floating far as I remember from my highschool science lessons theirs no gravity on the moon either
Hmm looks like it what happened you shoot the sheriff but I didnt  shoot the deputy Benny smiled
Yes mam
'' Morning crowley,,Morning chief Crowley fixed his tie and went through to the office to start the mornings paperwork . Dean and Charlie prepped the bar,,  filling the ice wells and setting up the cocktail stations. "Gabriel opened the serving hatch switching on the plate heater,, drest in his chefs wights. As John Winchester arrived in a very bad mood. Morning dad Dean tryd to Greet his farther,,  John just stormed right past slamming the office door. Told you he would not be happy,,  Dean sighed he never is.
Ladies and gentle the people talked among them selfs some hysterical others panicking
any way I  kneed of a PA . my scedual gets busy and I need some one to do the knit picky pain in the ass stuff,,  it's mostly going to be me ordering you around .
The last leg of the flight had been spent having the back of his seat repeatedly kicked by a board 10 year old who's mother was paying 0 attention to him engrossed in some beauty magazine or other
Lucifer just smirked ,what's wrong angel some one clip your wings ? cas gave him daggers, if looks could kill !! It wasn't fair just because he was Amara's nephew the self centred arshole swaned about like he owned the joint,, cas liked Amara yess she was hard boiled but she was the manager if anything went wrong her head was on the chopping block .
I'm a little busy right now
Piss off mistic meg
he fixed them each a bowl of porridge. then went to shower and dress for the day and came down the stairs in a perfectly pressed suit..
Charlie smiled up from her eyepad
It's gone
Cassy his mother called after him I am not speaking to that thing it isn't human,,
Dean lifted the girl in to his arms and headed for the exit by the way I never caught your name Castiel cas smiled well Castiel it was nice to meet you  then the two where gone
A doctor shouted from the croud
Once Dean was patched up a blond pulled on Sam's arm Sam and cas looked out the window at the large gray expance then looked to Dean
booting up the tills,, Then went to the office to retrieve the float for the bar,, Charlie pulled her hair back in to a neat ponytail and went to unlock the toilets and the kitchen. morning all Gabriel greated his friends the hung up his stuff in the back room and went to prep the kitchen  Morning G Dean greated As the kitchen manager past the office ,, Dean locked the safe and went out onto the floor.
Anna grinned throwing a dirty cloth at cases head , never gonna happen ,besides dish mops are sexy, she giggled as cas lifted the cloth like a wedding vale ,,cas replied putting on his beast camp voice I could make you look so fabulous !! .
So we have got make what we have last
Thank you for sticking with this fick I know I don't get my updates out all that fast but I am working on alot of project at the same time it just depends on what chapters I finish first
Castiel nocked on the door and waited  a well built sandy blond opens it looking puzzled where's the pizza ? Castiel gave him an incredulous look
Steering off in to the endles emptynes of space
Cas felt a teer run down his cheek He stroked the gold plaque engraved with his parents names,,
Their was one in particular he liked very much a handsome blond barman he had only seen him a hand full of times.. but cas new hot when he saw it,,
Final boarding call for flight  1979 to Vancouver international,  passengers in row D and above place make your way to gate 1 and have all boarding passes ready for inspection.
Sam gestured to cas and his brother whispering sweet nothings
And one waking great kick up the backside for the silence Charlie laughed
Well what was it ?
Their you are Sammy i was starting to think I have lost the Binky to my brain Charlie teased
People are freaking out as the doctors and nurses try to apeal for calm but with tensions hight and tempers rising things  might just go supernova
Get away from their youl kill us all , if the air was going to be sucked out it would have I think where safe what ever or who ever brought us here my guess is it wants us breathing
Cas went over to check on the girl she ok he asked genuine concern Dean smiled yer she's fine Dean swaddled her in his coat come on you time to get you home to bed
“P-please,” Cas chokes, stroking over the head of his cock.
He breathes deep through his nose, and shuts his eyes.
“I’m never going to leave you,” Cas says firmly, squeezing Dean’s hand. “Not unless you want me to.”
Cas smiles slightly, and moves to towel off his soaking hair. Dean dries himself similarly, trying to do everything he can without hurting himself.
What if he doesn’t get taken? What then? Do they just throw him out and execute him, or throw him into some kind of gladiator ring? Are there public use slaves? Who’s to say that’s not Dean’s fate already? The angels had said his sentencing would end in him being selected by an angel, but what if they’ve decided to just skip straight to letting the public have at him? What if--
Then he takes off his pants. Then boxers.
“Say you’re sorry one more time,” Dean starts, his voice shaky and thick with tears. “And I’ll deck you.” He laughs, not quite sure why. “I-I fuckin’ love you, just…”
Dean thinks.
Dean’s sensitive dick twitches at the sound of the angel’s voice and Dean stifles a helpless moan.
Really enthusiastically. Dean had been surprised at how much Cas liked it, which is why he thinks that what he has in mind right now might have a chance of working. Even now, when Dean glances over at Cas, he can see a curious glint in Cas’ eyes. Any excitement is well-contained, though.
The angel puts more come on his fingers, and sticks them in Dean’s mouth. Dean's lips close around the angel’s fingers on instinct, and he locks eyes with the angel as he sucks the angel’s fingers clean. Something not unpleasant tingles on Dean’s left arm, right over a scar left by an angel’s blade and the angel smiles like Dean has done something correctly.
Then Cas’ fingernails are digging hard into Dean’s pecs, and he grimaces.
Dean focuses on the reassuring pressure of Cas’ hand on him, and finally,
The part that means ‘of God.’
Cas strips his clothes off quickly. He pauses to look at Dean before taking off his pants, a silent
And so it doesn’t.
“I want you to touch yourself,” Dean says, his voice smooth and velvet.
It’s been a while since Dean bottomed, and he forgot just how good it can feel.
“But——”
“Tell me,” Dean breathes, barely a whisper.
“You gonna take ‘em off?” Dean asks, tipping his head in reference to Cas’ clothes.
“Yes,” Cas cuts in. “I want to do that. If you can.”
Cas brings his hands up to cup Dean’s cheeks. “It’s okay,” he says.
“Y-you should take your pants off,” Dean stutters. Nausea pools in his belly at the thought of what he’s about to do, but he pushes it down. The angel hasn’t hurt him yet. That’s a good sign.
Another whimper slips from Cas, and his back arches a bit. It usually takes a little longer for him to get like this, so Dean assumes he’s been pent-up for a while. A little thread of guilt curls next to his heart at that thought.
than enough.” Cas’ arms tighten around Dean’s torso. “And I’m——”
he tells himself. Him and Cas spend every night practically plastered to each other. Touching isn’t a big deal. It never really was, not as much as some of the other stuff. Trigger words——Dean still flinches sometimes when he hears someone say ‘good boy’ to their dog——food, and the cold are all still difficult to deal with sometimes. All the same: they’re getting through it together. It’s all a matter of practice.
“Starry,” Dean squeaks out.
But Cas isn’t rushing. If anything, he’s moving even more slowly than he had when they showered together before Dean was taken. Dean shivers as Cas removes his hands, and shuts his eyes when he starts to feel the soap wash out of his hair. He tips his head back a bit, so the soap doesn’t run into his eyes, and grimaces as a muscle in the space between his shoulder and neck twinges.
Tears burn in Dean’s eyes, and he wipes them away with a harsh hand.
“But you still want sex,” Dean says plainly. “From me.”
Dean strokes his cock again, and allows himself to fall back into the rhythm. Part of him is aware of the embarrassing amount of noise he’s making, but the rest of him doesn’t care. He can hear the slide as his hand moves, and whimpers as the fire in his belly curls more tightly.
Dean lowers his hand, and glances over at Cas, who is still fully clothed.
“Calm down,” Dean says. “We’re not doing anything like this. I just wanted to kiss you.” He slides off of Cas. “You wanna do this now?”
“You can close your eyes,” Dean says quietly, mostly because having the angel looking at him through all of this is kinda weird. He doesn’t want to seem too insistent--he is a sex slave now, emphasis on
And oh, it feels so good.
“I waited ten years for you, Dean. I can wait forever for this. It doesn’t matter if we never have sex. You’re still enough. You’re
“You already are.”
These must be the angel’s quarters.
A small smile crosses Cas’ face, and he grabs the body wash. “I’m going to do the rest of your body now. Is that okay?” There’s an annoying squelch as the bottle opens and Cas squeezes the soap into his hand.
Dean comes all over himself with a surprised cry.
“Please,” Dean murmurs, closing his eyes and breathing the steamy, lavender scented air.
“Is that what you’re thinking about? Me, inside of you? Nailing your prostate over and over? Fucking you into the mattress so hard you’ll feel it for a week?” Dean was never really rough with Cas, he couldn’t bear the thought of accidentally hurting Cas, but Cas had seemed to enjoy the fantasy when they talked about it, so Dean tries to indulge the fantasy. Key word being
They arrive at Dean’s house a moment later. Cas notes that it is just slightly larger than the home he shares with Gabe. Simple white paneling and a small front porch. Altogether, a typical cookie-cutter home.
Dean swallowed. Part of him wished Castiel would look away, yet another part found the gaze comforting.
CLARK
“Nothing,” Cas says through a chuckle. “It’s just… it’s just that you almost seem to believe that I still don’t understand how much you love me. Or that I could ever love you back to an equal degree.”
Gabriel cocked a brow in his younger brother’s direction, his frown unmoving.
“That may be true, but I need to do this, Dean. I need the closure. This is… very important to me. And, I’m not entirely sure another opportunity like this will simply present itself.”
“Nostalgic childhood memory, huh?” Summer said with a toothy grin.
I think she was better prepared for the position than I was. It seemed fair.
INT./EXT. IMPALA - CONTINUOUS
“What?” Castiel muttered, still processing.
And walk.
“Dude. Eyes, closed.”
Dean wondered if there was a nest that Castiel still needed to take care of. Maybe it had been a rogue vampire.
“What can I get for ya?” Ellen doesn’t even bother with pad and pen. She continues to stand with her arms crossed, staring affectionately at the two young men; Dean in particular. Although, Dean does catch a peculiar fondness expressed to Castiel alone.
(stoked)
(fishing in his pockets)
Dean groaned, turning his gaze back to the ceiling. “I wasn’t lookin’ forward to this conversion, trust me. It’s just…” he trailed off, biting his lip so hard he was surprised he didn’t break skin.
“Would you like to go in?” Castiel asked.
Instead, he was met with roaring laughter from the entire car.
“That should be enough,” Castiel said after just a bit of salt-pouring.
Dean exits his car, grin widening. If this was only going to last a week, he may as well make the most of it. Try out this whole dating a dude deal. In all honesty, Dean was afraid that he might not be capable of winning Castiel over. And he knew that that would seriously take a shot at his pride.
Dean smiled. “Thanks, Mom. I’ll take that into consideration. I guess… I guess that’s all I needed to tell you.”
“I understand it’s been awhile,” Castiel started slowly. “But I… I can’t sleep. I’ve been trying for hours.” He heaved another sigh.
Dean couldn’t help but experience a moment of sympathy for Castiel. He was that desperate to stay with Dean. The poor guy just didn’t want to be alone.
Castiel promptly nodded in his mate’s direction, relieved to see the alpha king’s body loosen. “That’s true. Claire is only looking for a favor. Which, I’ll admit, could be fulfilling for all involved. I’m certainly interested to hear more about it.”
“But, Dean, it’s cold. You’ll-”
Cas GLARES at Dean-- Jack
“And,” Castiel continued. “I am
Ready to lay his independence in Dean’s waiting hands, unknowing if the alpha would crush it on contact.
"I actually have no problem with it. I mean, can't he just date whoever the hell he wants?"
Dean nodded. “Guessin’ you’re not gonna tell me what kind of job?”
Without another word, Castiel stormed off.
Dean was instantly taken aback. “What?”
Castiel’s memories seemed to haze a bit around that point— they were mostly intact, just paper-thin and fuzzy around the edges: His father offering him tea from a prepared kettle; Castiel accepting without a second thought, eager to speed up what would undoubtedly be another will-draining talk with his father; Chuck stressing the urgency of his youngest son’s mating status—
be calling my family though. Now that’s going to be a surprise.”
Dean nodded, smiling faintly. “Yeah. That sounds good.” He hesitated. “Hey, actually, there was somethin’ else I needed to talk to you about. Sorta my partner’s request.”
Castiel looked down to his feet for a moment. “Vengeful spirits can become… misguided,” he said.
The implications are clear.
So he took what was absolutely the most logical course of action.
CLARK
“Nothing,” Castiel said quickly.
The pair had been taking a breather in the library. Dean sat across from Castiel, separated by a refectory table. The alpha was taking a much-needed power nap, bent forward, head cradled atop his forearms. With each breath, his horns scratched lightly at the tabletop.
Although, Castiel was already dreading the day that his father caught on to his son’s arrangement with the Infernal King— if he hadn’t already. From what Castiel understood, however, most ex-competitors of his “rescue” mission had simply sulked back to their home kingdoms. Given their obvious yet unearned pride, it made sense that they’d rather not face King Chuck, fresh off their own failure. And Castiel wasn’t even sure he could blame them. Because, really, fair enough.
“Hmm?” Castiel managed a weak hum, although he made no other indications that he’d heard the man. Which, sure, wasn’t all that misleading. It was a matter of
“Uh, yeah,” Sam said with a smile. “You sorta do.”
“C’mon,” Dean chimed in. “Even I can think of something good.”
him. At least, prior to the whole ‘freezing to death’ event.
“Dean?”
“Okay, then. ‘Night, Cas.”
Bobby’s stare was focused directly on Dean, now. He didn’t look happy, either. That wasn’t exactly helping Dean out.
EILEEN
With pure abandon, Cas lets go of the past two months. He lets go of the quiet suffering and loneliness.
Bobby's expression fell. "You did
“You don’t. I know that,” Castiel said. He successfully managed to yank away from Dean, scooting to the other side of the bed.
“We should hang out at your house sometime,” Dean mutters whilst they watch an old sci-fi film one day.
“Anyway,” Dean inserts himself into the conversation. “Just wanted you two to meet. Sam, you go back to studying for Harvard or whatever you were doing.”
Dean chuckled. “Yeah, her too. So, Cas, we’re already done with dinner. But dessert is gonna be served soon. Sound good?”
I "deserve" to see the man I love die for me?
"So, have you told him that the relationship is fake yet?"
(moving again, yelling)
A month later, Dean got yelled at for supposedly blowing leaves into his neighbor’s yard.
Cas’s impending panic seems to have settled. “I suppose it does, yes.”
Dean didn’t ask anymore questions - mainly because he was too tired to muster up another thought.
Cas shook his head. His shame was palpable. “No, I’m really not.”
“So you told him?” Benny said, cocking a brow. “Everything?”
“I am an angel.”
“Um,” Dean started, letting out a nervous laugh. “This couch isn’t very comfortable. Mind if we move this to a bedroom? Mine, maybe?” He cocked an eyebrow.
“It is always ‘today’, Dean.”
Dean has never cried for anyone but Sammy, until this moment. He doesn’t think Cas sees, but he wouldn’t care if he did.
Gabriel blinked owlishly, eyes flicking between the party of three, brow furrowing. “What, now? Cassie, what the hell did you do?”
“Sure thing, angel.”
“Second floor?” Dean suggested.
Dean smiled slightly. “Just took a guess. I could hear you thrashin’ around.”
The line went silent again. The hunter waited for his mother to speak.
“Which house?”
He stood there in silence for a moment. His mind had never been so loud. He was right. He had been right all along.
entirely resistant in helping tell. “Well… it would turn out that the Infernal King, while strong, is also quite
Keep telling yourself that.
was going to be the one to kill him for neglecting his health and safety, if he ever found out. Assuming the curse didn’t get creative and take care of that first, of course.)
Dean’s scent was certainly helpful, so at least Castiel had that to muffle some of the tension. The traces of smoke and cloves were still faint, but they managed to swaddle the omega’s core and help to put him at ease. And this was growing even more useful, given the increased proximity and the unavoidable intimacy of the interaction. Castiel may have felt like shit, but hey, at least he was
don't get to chastise me over this, all right? I got the saddest, most pathetic end of the stick, here. You sure as hell didn't.
Mousy kid - name, Gavin - approaches Dean, who makes an effort to avoid eye contact.
“No, Dean,” Castiel hissed. “We do not know what is anchoring the spirit here. This is not safe, or even brave. We have to leave.”
By the time Castiel was sitting down perpendicular to his father, his brother was slouching against the open doorway. Gabriel threw a final look of concern over his shoulder, which Castiel matched with a tight smile. He had no doubt that he’d later find his brother firmly stationed on the other side, no matter how long their father dragged out the “conversation” for.
The brick wall ahead was tinged by an earthy green plaster, offsetting the tubular neon lights spelling out “Magical Books ‘n’ Goods” across an otherwise cramped windowpane. Damp autumn leaves clung to the chipping windowsill and the base of an oval-capped doorway. Cas could hardly see inside the low-lit shop, aside from the unassuming profile of a retail bookshelf.
Castiel nodded, although Dean could see a contradiction hidden behind his wide blue eyes.
Something IMPORTANT, BIG to Dean? And it CLICKS--
For god’s sake, what kind of pompous-ass royal had any interest in “homey”? Although… fine, well, Castiel certainly wasn’t
“Boy, don’t go soundin’ like everything’s just peachy keen.”
Are you all right? Where the hell are you?
CASTIEL
(whispering)
Dean shrugged. “Sure,” he said, hoisting one of the cans of gasoline. “Tell me when to stop?”
Dean revs the engine, and tosses his date another cocky grin.
But nonetheless, every fiber of his body is screaming at him. Every nerve, telling him that he is.
still a toddler. Dean shrugs.
CASTIEL
It was a bit cold for a walk, although Dean had been determined to fit as many layers onto Castiel as he could manage. The man loved a good challenge— leaving his mate in three layers of his stuffiest hand-me-downs.
Castiel perked up. He paused, before rubbing his eyes. There were fresh tears staining his cheeks. He turned toward his brother.
Cas swallowed the food that, up until that moment, he’d considered to be Dean’s specialty. “This tastes weird,” he mumbled, squinting at his meal.
Castiel nodded, before returning to his car.
Castiel couldn’t help but lean forward, as well. It was like Dean was emitting some kind of magnetic pull. “Well, before we begin to form concrete opinions regarding one another, we should start simple. What’s your last name and major?”
Finally, with the force of a mental joyride gone wrong…
“His name’s Sam,” Dean started. “I call him Sammy, though. Kid hates it. Anyway, I gave him the rundown. Told him about the vamp. That I was on a hunt.”
“Honey? Is everything alright?” On instinct, Dean smiled at the sound of his mother’s voice. Of course, his expression quickly fell when he remembered the task at hand.
As the others meandered off, Castiel beamed. “I used to come out here, all the time. Right here. To get away from my father. The day I met you, actually, there was still some fruit on the trees.”
“This better be an emergency.”
Wait, hold up. And he'd just been hiding that from us? This entire time?
As Dean pulled out a chair and sat down, Castiel took a deep breath.
! So, excuse me for freaking out.
(giddy)
It was the nicest day since the start of summer, and Castiel was busy closing all of the curtains in his home.
for your help. Although, seeing as you’re clearly not gonna want to leave here, I guess I do have to… revise my plan, just a bit. But the basics of my proposal are still gonna stand.”
he knew.
CASTIEL
AMBER
“Any reason you’re still awake?” Dean asked.
time, unlike every other second he’d spent in that damn castle.
Right. And, uh, you said something about a soul, back there? I hear that right?
Castiel chuckled again, presumably at something he saw on Dean’s dashboard. “Let’s look at your personal blog.” Dean could practically hear the grin in the other boy’s voice.
A small smile spread across Castiel’s face. “I have a very high tolerance for alcohol.”
Dean waited a moment before continuing. “Did you really think I’d, like, be disappointed or something?” he asked.
(chuckling)
This time, however, he reached a hand upward to cup Castiel’s cheek. Castiel froze immediately. Dean stroked Castiel once with his thumb. His expression, however, showed something between nervousness and careful determination.
The alphas were likely aware that Dean
. Can't I?
It wasn’t exactly easy to pretend to be a couple with the man you were madly, sickeningly in love with.
Dean expected to startle the demon. Surprise her over his knowing what she was.
“Boy, we've known you two were lovebirds for the past three years, at least. Ain’t no point in not telling us,” Bobby muttered.
Dean cast his stare over to the woods. Castiel was peering in that direction a moment later.
“Shit, Cas,” Dean blurts, louder than intended, causing Cas to take a step back. “I… you have
Castiel sighed. “No, that’s not what I mean. I just think that the information they provide is important, to say the least,” he said.
Dean shook his head. “I wouldn’t call it ‘embarrassing,’ exactly.”
A wide-open field, quiet, but maintained. Dean and Cas lay, cling tight to each other-- conscious, but not quite aware.
Dean pulled away further. “Shit, I’m sorry,” he said. “I shouldn’t have done that. Fuck. Sorry, Cas. I’ll try to learn some boundaries.” Dean had on a half smile, although it was devoid of any sort of enthusiasm.
Dean sighed. “Dude, of course. Trust me. You’re my best friend - nothing awkward about sharing a bed. Seriously, though, c’mon. I have class early tomorrow morning.”
“I believe you, Cas. Thank you.”
! Have they not taught you integrity, upstairs?!
As soon as Castiel’s chamber door was thrown shut, Castiel turned to his brother, eyes blazing. Teetering on the edge of frantic.
Dean took a moment to reorient himself at the sudden change in subject. “Probably,” he said.
Dean swore he gave himself whiplash. “Cas?” he said.
“Jesus, thanks for not doing that to me.”
Alfred smiled slightly, before returning to his frown. He reached into the collar of his shirt, extracting a large gold pendant.
“My room is cold. I don’t think the heater’s working.”
'Cas'?
hi! i'm actually quite pleased with the second half of this chapter. the first half is a bit sketchy, so i may go back and revise it later. oh, and i actually have the next two chapters planned out! so it shouldn't be long before i put them up. anyway enjoy!!
Castiel chuckled. “Nothing less from the Drive On Motel.”
At that, Claire stepped forward. “Your Majesty, it’s truly an honor.”
--Cas extracts the blade, keeps it hidden, begins shifting up to his own throat--
“Who cares? It’s just one random kid. He’ll get over it, anyway.”
“Yes, I am. I am more worried about you, however.”
Dean proceeded to murmur something unintelligible underneath his breath.
Castiel didn’t look any less confused.
I don't disagree. Something you want to pitch to me? Because I certainly sense a build-up.
if they’re here, I’d like to know why.”
At last, Dean craned his neck to look toward Castiel, his features softened by adoration. The alpha’s scent, for the first time, was saturating to air. Heating and tugging at the omega’s limbs. Dean practically preened as he grinned up at his mate; even Benny let out a lazy chuckle from over his king’s shoulder.
Dean continued, “Anyway, how’d he know you’d be safe stayin’ here with me? Fuck, like, did he ever consider the fact that I could have, just… killed you on sight, or something— hell, maybe even
, I guess. We've done our part, and then some. Hell, we could even help train and educate the next generation.
Eileen nods, seriously considering...
“Oh, and by the way,” the mousy boy starts slyly. “We get to pick who you ask out.”
This time, the kiss drew out for more than just a fleeting moment.
“Here,” Castiel responds, staring duly ahead.
A familiar voice rung out to Dean’s right. His gaze snapped in that direction.
Castiel nodded. “I should be able to do that, yes,” he said.
Now Dean was the wide-eyed one. “What? Why?”
The room, however, was filled when a mixture of coos and more clapping. Castiel could even hear Bobby chuckling from the back of the room.
how he’d gotten there.
Of course, that was only what Dean could gauge from two seconds of observation.
Still, while Castiel wouldn’t help but develop a distaste for Dean overtime, that could mainly be attributed to the fact that he was so utterly sick of hearing about him. Couldn’t Jimmy move past anything? Shockingly, yes.
Dean tightened his grip on Castiel as the man began to pull away. “What?”
Castiel shook his head. “It may sound slightly… unbelievable at first. I just want you to understand; everything I’m about to tell you is entirely true, and that I would never lie to you. Also, before I begin, I should probably ensure you that I’m perfectly healthy and am not losing my mind,” he said. He couldn’t tell if he was speaking too quickly, but judging by Dean’s response, he had been perfectly clear.
Sunlight was fading beneath the horizon when Castiel heard the telltale squeak of worn-in riding boots, crunching through the fallen leaves. He stopped pacing and swiveled around.
They slip inside-- Dean at the wheel, Sam riding shotgun.
“The ‘beauty’ is doing just fine, although he thanks you for your concern. Kind of. Well, given your clear selfish intent, maybe not. On second thought, the ‘beauty’ revokes his thanks.”
“I… love you too,” Castiel managed to sputter, despite being on the verge of consciousness.
“Cas, fuck, man, there is no way something like that is gonna happen again.”
“Hello,” Cas grumbled, supposedly addressing the basil plant. “I swear to all that is holy, your father better not panic if I tell him what’s going on. He can be a very paranoid man, but I’m sure you know that already. You
If anything mattered to Cas during that casually nihilistic time following his quarter-life crisis, it was his Saturday afternoon ‘bonding’ sessions with Dean. Each week, they slumped on opposite ends of their thrift-tier sofa, quietly grading the assignments of their respective students. Instrumental rock pulsed through phone speakers and took over most of the surrounding air, alongside beats of note-taking, typing, and periodic tongue-clicking.
To start, there was the day Dean’s new neighbor had planted his roots in the new property beside Dean’s. The Winchester had made his way over, reasonably eager to greet a new face.
Dean balked. “No offense, but, uh… I don’t know your culture or anything, but that’s kinda fucked up. For
CASTIEL
“Dean?”
“Close your eyes,” Dean said.
Castiel’s gaze quickly swept back to the other man, who’d since jumped out his chair. Anger hadn’t exactly been the response he was anticipating.
Dean let out a heavy breath. “You ready?”
“Everyone, Castiel. Cas… well, everyone. The Winchester-Singer-Bradbury-Harvelle family.”
“Wow, man,” Dean said, cautious. “You really thought this one through, huh?”
Not as if he actually has any plans to say a word to Dean.
Castiel had begun to pace across the kitchen as his friend spoke. He trailed to and fro in front of Dean, whose eyes followed the dark-haired man carefully.
“Dean, what the hell?”
Sam leads the pack up the stairs, throws the doors open.
Yes. I... I don't know when it started, or even how. But it has been forming, growing, for some time, now. Feeding off of my grace.
Castiel turned again to look at the other man. Dean was covering his eyes with his hand, a telling sign that he was holding back tears.
Castiel looked up, and Dean shook his head. “Nah. I think I got it. We gonna go back to my car for the salt? ‘Cause it looks like we’ve already got the burn.”
Cas chuckled. “Okay. We can get married, Dean.”
“Cas? Cas, what’s wrong? C’mon, talk to me.” Castiel could hear Dean following him, which only worked to increase his heart rate. He reached the foyer, standing still for a moment as tears streaked his face. He couldn’t do this anymore. He couldn’t live this fantasy, knowing that it would vanish the moment he left the Winchester’s home. He couldn’t-
Castiel knew why he had said yes to Dean, that day just over a year ago. He had known it at the time, and definitely knew it now.
“Hey, don’t apologize, I brought it all up. Anyway,” Dean folds up the menu in front of him. “Know what you’re gonna order yet?”
Yeah, and why haven't you? Maybe because you don't want to deal with a rogue human soul trapped in your so-called untouchable domain?
He stood in silence for a moment. Then another moment. Another. Dean huffed a sigh, about to return to his car for a bit, when the motel door opened.
Do you have your phone? I don't think I still have mine on me.
would be a safe bet for me.”
“I am a hunter,” Castiel stated. “I am also an angel.”
CASTIEL
Dean’s eyes widened. “Well,” he muttered. “I… sort of.”
Meg cocks an eyebrow. "Not sure that to say, huh? Don't worry, we have a whole lot to talk about."
…sure, why the hell not? After all, if his father’s expressions were any clue, Castiel’s
for more than an evening. He wasn’t wrong; Castiel wasn’t ignorant of his own biology, no matter how much he resented his body’s bylaws. And since physical intimacy was out of the question, ‘quality time’ seemed to be the only practical option.
(then)
The next thing he knew, there was a warmth hovering near Cas’s face. He didn’t open his eyes.
His precision was better than he could have ever hoped. He managed to slice the vampire’s head clean off her shoulders. Her body fell to the pavement with a
--and Cas SLICES OPEN HIS OWN THROAT, expelling the remainder of his grace... which isn't much, a puff of incandescent blue, fading away. Poof.
“I know, but… I’d feel more comfortable if you knew. I was surprised Charlie hadn’t told you preemptively, honestly,” Castiel mumbled.
welcome and valued, especially since I'm still reorienting myself into writing Destiel fic again. :'D
Dean smirked. “Yeah, um, the uncle I told you about earlier. He’s sorta the reason I got into all of this. Used to tell me stories as a kid. Insisted they were fictional, but I knew they were real. Or, at least, the creatures inside of ‘em were. I think… I think he used to be a hunter. Retired, I guess.” He shrugged.
Plus, Dean could always use the herbs when he cooked, which was yet another semi-surprising hobby of his. Really, bonding with Dean had given Cas a free crash-course in the dangers of preemptive stereotyping— seriously, who would have guessed that Mr. Beer-Over-Therapy was a Vonnegut fanboy? Certainly not Cas’s past self.
(disoriented)
Think of it this way: He's learning what "peace"
She was also substantially younger than the others had been— barely out of her teens. Seeing as Castiel had been the first available to answer the entryway, he was tasked with making sense of the encounter. Benny loomed over his shoulder, stoic and prepared to intervene, if need be.
“I love you. I mean, I’m in love with you. I have been for a long time.”
“You are
Dean rubbed his forehead. “Okay, yeah, I’m nervous. Just… promise me you won’t freak out, okay?”
Castiel nodded. “Elizabeth… she was very sick,” he said vaguely. “She chose not to pass away in a hospital setting. So, unfortunately…” Castiel trailed off.
A short, gentle RUMBLE from within the kitchen, a ground-shifting few seconds-- JACK? Miracle evacuates, rejoins Eileen.
How about this... I'll let you see your cherub boyfriend, one last time. Let you say just what you need to say.
Taking the ring, he slipped it out of the box, examining it.
Dean SMILES SADLY. Reliving it all.
the favorable outcome. Freedom was just an illusion for him, wasn’t it?
Without a moment of thought, Cas blurts, “Yes.”
Castiel obeyed with a slight sigh.
“That’s fine,” Castiel said, fidgeting a bit in his seat. His anxiety was skyrocketing. “I can take vanilla.”
“After this we should be able to rebury Elizabeth,” Castiel said, staying true to his usual distance from Dean. Which was pretty damn close. “The fire has most likely burnt out by this point.”
I just want to understand. That's all.
“I am an angel of the Lord.”
just charity to him, then Castiel surely had little power to uproot his mate’s feelings. For Dean, he’d quietly settle for heartbreak. Though, to drop some poison into the gaping flesh wound, he already knew he’d feel guilty simply for enduring that heartbreak, in the first place.
“Nope,” Dean said. “I sorta wanna tell my mom, though. Feel like I just gotta be honest with her.”
some kind of holy-ass angel?
He’d have to come back for the unconscious woman.
Dean GLARES, holding back. He's a ticking time bomb.
Shifting slightly in his seat, Castiel took a moment to close his eyes. It was more than clear that his brother didn’t understand what he was experiencing. “Overthinking” didn’t even begin to cover the severity of the situation.
Dean swallowed hard. “Have you ever wondered what it would be like if all that lore, all those stories… were real?”
how relieved I am that you at least used your real first name? Like, technically, it might’ve not been the
“Y’know,” Dean said, softly across the shrinking distance. “This would probably be easier if I could scent you.”
Then Sam is laughing.
failures, that was.
Dean stared ahead, avoiding eye contact with the grieving man. It was odd, though. He seemed to be grieving Elizabeth more than his late wife, Amber.
“You have my consent, I guess.” Chuck shrugged. “Although, I’d certainly like to hear more about these visitors from Sir Campbell, if possible. As a further safety precaution. Keep an eye on them, in the meantime.”
“Uh, yeah. Pretty much.”
“Yes, Dean?”
She was right, of course— Cas needed help, and he needed it more and more desperately, each passing day. He had almost certainly been cursed. Although, that was right about where the reasonable conclusions slipped off into the abyss, never to be heard from again.
, I just...
Ain't gonna happen. And if by the off chance it does, I wasn't kidding around before, all right? I'll just come right the hell back. I'm never gonna leave you alone.
Dean’s face was flushed. “That okay?” he asked quietly.
Still a good several feet from the bed, Castiel stalled in his approach. If Dean wanted to have a serious conversation, then it probably wouldn’t be smart to jostle his instincts any further. “I promise, I’m not doing this because of pressure, or because I feel like I owe you anything. Believe me, if I
“I don’t know if you’ve forgotten,” Castiel said. “But our houses are quite close together. I’d rather you didn’t blare
(then)
Gradually, Castiel began to turn around. Dean was shocked to see that there were tears forming in his eyes.
Live and learn.
Dean clucked his tongue. “Y’know, sometimes I just need someone to tell me that I’m
about you, and the fact that you don’t come from a royal line… I’d say there’s a good chance that that’s the case.”
. So…
You're not...?
Bobby closed the book he had set in front of him. “You better not say what I think you’re gonna say.”
Castiel cocked an eyebrow. “Marriage?”
Castiel managed a weak smile.
“Check-in?” Cas mumbles.
Word of Castiel’s return was quick to reach Chuck, his subjects practically stumbling over each other in their rush to alert the king.
“Okay, then why are you so nervous to tell me?”
Dean glanced at Castiel. He was looking toward the floor.
You're still wearing the jacket. From before.
“Cas—”
“You little bitch, I-” she looked up, only to see Dean running toward the Impala. She cackled.
“It’s our room now.”
Chuck scoffed. “
To get Jack back, whenever he got sent there.
He knows that he has to be blunt, but the words he truly wants to say are still stuck in the back of his throat.
While Dean had been all but scentless the night prior, that was no longer the case— well, just barely. His scent was clearly subdued, but it was striking, nonetheless. Smokey, spicy, and possibly even…
As Castiel gave his mate a light punch on the arm, Gabriel burst into a fit of… well, borderline manic laughter. Now, it was the omega’s turn to stare, blinking in confusion.
Cas continued to rattle his mind, all the while watching individual drops of coffee slither and drip from his arm. They puddled onto the linoleum floor, alongside the steadily materializing globs of his thought process, as it continued to slobber out of his skull. Should he do something? Should he at least
“Okay,” Castiel replied as he entered his home.
Dean raised both eyebrows. “Wait, seriously? “Okay” as in that was the dumbest idea you’ve ever heard, or “okay” as in “okay”?”
Dean nodded, sitting up in bed now. “So you think it’ll help if you sleep in here again.”
wasn’t enough for him to get too cozy— nope, not a chance. Although, it did seem to make the situation just… slightly more manageable. Castiel’s limbs continued to loosen.
Castiel furrowed his brow as Dean opened one of the Impala’s back doors. “What did you bring?”
Castiel averted his eyes, turning his gaze to the floor. He let out a heavy sigh. “I was wondering, possibly, if I could try to sleep in your room for the night.”
Castiel shrugged from beneath his quilt, cozied up on the floor. “You clearly care deeply for your people, and about their quality of life, so I find it doubtful you’re failing in any of that. At least, not catastrophically.”
Dean shifted a bit. “Well,” he said. “I was thinkin’ that since this whole physical contact thing seems to work so well for you…” He trailed off, suddenly losing eye contact for a moment. “Here, you’re gonna think this is ridiculous, but…” Dean trailed off again.
“I’m sorry that I lied to you, Dean,” he said. His eyes went wide again as Dean took a few steps forward. “About being human, not about being an angel,” Castiel added quickly.
deserved, or something? Only okay when you do it?
or whatever Cassie said your stupid name was?”
Castiel shook his head, and Alfred's features immediately fell. "We salted and burned her remains," the dark-haired hunter said. "But upon entering the house, we were confronted by her ghost. I believe that there is an object anchoring her here. Could you think of what that may be?"
Doesn't mean I'm any less worried.
In the kitchen, the strong whiff of dessert took over the space. Dean grinned, making his way toward the oven. He paused. Before gathering the cookies, he decided to sneak a peek out the window. A blizzard had hit the night before, and Dean was grateful that all but Sam and Jess lived within an easy travel distance. Granted, the couple had arrived two days prior.
“I mean it, Dean.”
“I just don’t want to hurt Cas,” Dean says softly, fully prepared for the blow he knows he’s about to receive.
If anyone is actually into this fic, then let me promise: even if I don't update for a bit (b/c life is a lot sometimes), it won't be abandoned. :') On a kinda separate note, I'm super excited to be able to share my BCBB fic in May! I'm also pretty thrilled that I got claimed by an artist I feel is so perfect for the fic, so I'm just really excited to share the final product, in general~
Castiel nodded.
huh, Cas? The very same one that Dad expected to hold you hostage? Of course,
Dean didn’t bother verbalizing his response. Rather, he stumbled over his own loose feet before sprinting off, the hard
Cas’s eyes widen. Is Dean okay? Hopefully, he’s just sick, or possibly skipping school.
“Bobby?” Dean called.
“Hey,” Dean said as he made his way into the alley. “You okay?”
“Thank you for helping and supporting me, Claire. Thank you for making it possible for me to speak before my father, in this way. And to think, I’d never intended to see the coward ever again.”
“Nah, we are, actually. Both parents.”
What do you think, man?
“Honestly? I don’t give a damn if there’s no one around. I love you, Cas, and I want you to know that.”
Castiel didn’t even hesitate. He slid across the small formation in the grass until he was inches from Dean. He smiled before pulling his friend in by the shoulders, bringing them into a soft kiss. The positioning was awkward, yet it was one of the most mind-blowing moments of Castiel’s life.
“Dean, I love you.” Castiel appears immediately regretful, if not ashamed.
Thankfully, his friend got the message. Blessed be.
Somehow, even more than Castiel had anticipated. If not for Dean’s ever tightening grip, Castiel likely would have flinched away as soon as his skin was pierced by the other’s canines. What kind of masochistic psychopath of an omega would ever think this felt
Dean huffed a sigh as he stood up and took a few steps forward, sitting on his own bed. He plucked his phone from the nightstand, staring blankly at the surface for a few seconds.
“Well, why can’t I at least do what you’re doing?” Castiel countered. “Maybe a gap year could be good for me.”
home. C’mon, seriously, I’m not gonna have your death weighing on my conscience. I’ve already got enough of that kinda weight, as is.”
Dean took the slip. “Carroll, Iowa,” he read aloud.
Dean was prepared to run. Somewhere, anywhere. Back into the woods maybe.
aside.”
Suddenly, Castiel was enveloped in warmth as Dean threw his arms around the dark-haired man.
Jimmy clicked his tongue. “Well, you should be. You deserve it. This is going to be good for you, man. I mean, you spent the last four years cooped up inside. Going to a regular school is going to be great. You’ll love it,” he said.
“Until the end?” Castiel muttered. “What happened at the end?” He could feel his heart beginning to hammer in his chest. Was Dean angry with him? If something had gone wrong, surely Castiel would be the first person Dean would blame.
And all it took was the narrowly avoided end of the universe. Gotta love some good ol' Midwestern repression.
At that, Castiel nearly had to hold back a smile. He should have seen his boyfriend’s reaction coming. Before Dean even knew the circumstances, he was ready to pounce into action if it meant protecting someone he loved.
Before Cas had the opportunity to turn to Charlie for guidance, a voice jetted through the air, originating from god-knows-where. “Ah, hello there, dearie! Charlie, welcome back! And who is this you’ve brought along with you?” The thick, unmistakably Scottish sing-song seemed to reverberate out of the air, itself. Although hazy at the start, the sound was quick to crispen up.
Castiel hesitates a moment before nodding plainly. He approaches the passenger side of Dean’s “baby”, looking up at Dean for confirmation to enter. His eyes remind Dean of a newborn kitten’s, wide and endlessly blue. Dean shakes the thought off and gives a quick nod.
“That’s an impressive trade,” Castiel said. “It must take a great deal of skill.”
CASTIEL
A beat. We reflect, reminisce...
“For me?”
Castiel chuckled against Dean. “Mmm, yes, that works,” he said. “Dean?”
Cas offers a friendly nod. “Nice to meet you as well, Sam. Dean has told me a great deal about you.”
“Do you need just the address, or would you like me to give you a map? I have a map.” Castiel was gazing at Dean with large, blue eyes.
Except, you have no claim. I already know you've only been hanging onto me by a thread-- barely any grace...
Castiel hesitated.
Castiel didn't respond.
EILEEN
Dean cut Chuck short, “Oh, I have
(softly, to self)
With that, Castiel quickly drew a wallet from his pocket. He pulled out a wad of bills and left them on the counter before weaving through the crowd and out the door.
“Well, I think it’s pretty damn important that you know.”
This is it. He’s going to be honest with Cas. If anything, Cas deserves basic honesty. If Cas deserves the world - which he totally does - he deserves this, at the very least.
Castiel gasped. “Your Majesty, I—”
It started with an accident.
Castiel nodded, smiling at Gabriel in a way which he
(then)
They walked for a while. Dean wasn’t sure how long. He kept his hands in his pockets to stay warm, despite his jacket.
Knives - silver - accompanied a miscellany of other tools. A machete stuffed in the back, viles of holy water, a generous assortment of salt. An iron rod. There was a handmade EMF meter. Most importantly, there lay a small pistol that Dean had managed to acquire through a less than legal transaction. A leather pouch of silver bullets sat beside it.
Well, deal was, the Empty would come for him when... whenever he experienced
“Fine, fine. What I’m getting at is… I’ve always believed in all the shit Uncle Bobby tells us.”
Uh-- yeah!
Dean lets out a slight chuckle, resulting in a pink-faced Castiel.
The hand that had been caressing Castiel’s spine hesitated, before falling back into rhythm. “I know. I’m… I’m sorry ‘bout that.”
Castiel added, “I promise you, Father, Dean is more than worthy of our trust. His intentions lie in the right place, and after the help he’s given us, I thought it fair to invite him into Hereafter.”
Just when Claire yawns because of all the adult talk, Jack’s dad chuckles at something her dad said, and they touch hands. Claire’s dad is very nice.
Dean shifts. “…You?”
-ˋˏ ༻☆༺ ˎˊ-
“Dean…”
Stormy kid. “Hey,” Dean greets when Cas enters the kitchen, right under the mistletoe. To distract himself, Dean instantly points to the bowl of cookie dough and asks, “Want some?”
On the way back to the kindergarten, Jack and Claire are partners again, and they talk some more about their parents. “My daddy likes to go on trips with me,” Claire says.
. You know what I mean.”
“I guess I’m just the type of person to stay alone,” Dean remembers Cas saying back when they were still new – Screw that, ‘cause Dean will sure as hell not drop this.
The most wonderful person he has ever known. He softens.
The self-hatred was hard to understand. Maybe, in this short time, Castiel had already learned to love Dean Winchester too much to understand how anyone, including the human himself, could hate him.
“Yeah?”
There’s an awkward pause as they stand in front of the school.
“I want to see you in the sun,” he whispers, noses touching.
would be something with a very low nutritional value,” Cas sasses from the other side of the table, “like French fries, or a hamburger.”
“I’m sure the wedding will be lovely,” Cas says as they walk to the park, their second destination. It’s so cold tonight that the cupid fountain at the entrance froze solid. The icicles glitter when they pass them by.
Cas squints his eyes. “A… shop, with your family name. It sells food, according to the display window. Baked food, and sweets.”
“I don’t know…”
They must be from a secret admirer!” Jack tells Claire.
“Tree’s really pretty this year.”
Castiel was.
Castiel, too, softened.
“Yeah, I figured that much. What are you?”
When Claire’s daddy takes her home later, she tells him about the new kid.
“Oh? Someone getting tired?”
“Okay. Be careful, the stairs outside are slippery. And – Jack, there is flour on your face. Go wash yourself first.”
“How is Miss Bradbury?” Cas asks on their way out. He waves goodbye to a kid who calls after them from the window.
, Castiel warned her. She did not listen. Castiel sighed. If only she could understand –
Weirdly romantic. Good for them. Dean tries to not let it get to him too closely.
“You’re baking,” Cas says, obviously, and puts down the bag he’s been carrying, from downtown. Dean is pretty sure those were Christmas presents. At least he wishes they are. He can hardly wait for the twenty-fifth anymore – it’s like being a four-year-old again. Like Jack, kinda.
So much for sobering up. Dean softens with nostalgia and joy and gratefulness. And love. A real Christmas tree, here, in their home – like normal people. It’s almost too good to be true. He’s almost forgotten he had wished for one in the first place.
“Oh, the mistletoes,” Jack says. “Yes, I’ve read about that. I like them.”
Maybe he just wasn’t destined to have a special connection to this human, no matter how badly he wanted to. Now, Dean was very defensive about Castiel’s vessel, about what was happening, and Castiel had the unpleasant feeling that it was
“Listen,” Fitzgerald says and walks toward Dean, a wooden horse in his gloved hands. “My girl saw this one here on our way home and I-”
Not only that, but Cas cares for Dean as a person.
She exchanges a shocked look with Jack, who still waits for his dad. “I’m sorry,” Claire says when he goes. She still waits for Uncle Sam to finish his conversation with Miss Leahy. He can talk with his hands, too, and he’s in a super good mood today. But Claire can’t help but think of her daddy.
“Celibate?”
Great, Deano. You’ve done it again. Made the angel get in a huff.
Its more than enough though. Just as timid, Cas bites his lip and then takes a step forward. He eyes Dean’s bare chest and exhales shakily before laying his warm, rough hands onto it. Lets them wander, to Dean’s neck, his cheeks. Strokes them tenderly like he’s touching them for the first time. When he leans in, their noses brush tentatively, gently, and Dean swallows down any doubt that might have been left.
the daylight in those green eyes,
Not only was Dean unable to understand the angelic voices, no – Castiel had hurt him so deeply that he was now readying himself for another attack.
The large tree branches are heavy with snow. “I never tire of coming here,” Cas breathes, blue eyes shining with awe. Here, in the silent solitude under the trees and stars, Dean dares to reach for his hand.
“Look inside,” Dean says proudly. Takes the box so that Cas can open the small notebook and see what Dean had placed inside. “Flowers?” Cas asks with wondrous eyes gazing right into Dean’s.
Claire squints. “I can’t really tell yet. But he was fun to play with,” she says.
“Dean.”
“I’m sure
Funny, Castiel thought. He then noticed the burn his hand had left on it earlier. He knew it would only be a minor inconvenience for someone as strong as Dean Winchester, and yet an unpleasant feeling of guilt washed through him. This had never happened before. He must have been distracted. He should be more careful next time.
Fuck. For the past decade, this has been right under Dean’s nose.
Cas’ gentle features tell him it’s all been in good fun though. He looks like a grandpa with his soft face and the slouchy shoulders when he changes the topic: “Do you need any help?”
, that the last puzzle piece finally clicks into place. But the final picture is goddamn terrifying. God, Dean needed answers, or else he would lose his fucking mind.
Dean tickles Miracles ears and straightens up to put his empty cup on the counter. “I’mma go get him. The Charlie Brown Christmas Special is on soon,” he says and takes a bag of popcorn with him before leaving. He kind of wishes they had cookies instead, he should bake some soon. Preferably with Cas.
If only I could tell him now, Dean thinks and cups his cheek with a gentle hand. Cas leans, no, melts into the touch, brows furrowed in sorrow. But Dean does not manage to gather his courage. “C’mon,” he says instead, sobering down. “There’s something I want to show you.”
Claire shrugs. “Whatever we like. When we know you better, you can choose a game yourself,” she adds in a generous tone.
Here we go, Castiel thought, collecting himself. Tell him everything he needs to know. Your name, your angelic nature, your mission.
It’s just – he likes Cas, all right. He adores the soft smile of this goofball of an angel, and the blink-and-you’ll-miss-it prickling of his skin that Dean always figured must be some sort of cosmic radiation – one that, by now, is far too familiar than it has any right to be. He loves how Cas weaves his sweet-tempered presence into everyday tasks. Like, he helps do the dishes.
Goddammit, they were his weak spot after all.
Dean finds it cathartic to feel both their tears on his skin. And when he finally says, “And I you, Cas”, it’s from the bottom of his heart, and completely without fear.
put that there? “I thought angels were… y’know…”
Dean cannot stop himself from smiling when they stride toward each other. “Hello, my friend. Welcome back,” he says as Cas pulls him into a stormy hug, with both arms wrapped around him tight and warm, to really feel him this time, and not just in a dream.
Dean shifted. “Buddy, next time, lower the volume,” he said. His voice was softer now, and he had called Castiel ‘buddy’. Castiel’s gaze fell to the ground, as though he had no control over his vessel at all. Lord have mercy, he wanted to sink into the ground. He should explain his fallacy.
for warmth and acceptance.
Cas always says shit like that –
The next day is the twenty-first, and there is a mistletoe hanging from the arch of the interdimensional telescope. “C’mon, that isn’t even a doorway,” Dean says with a frown. The dungeon, the armory, the garage – nearly every door has a mistletoe now. It lowkey freaks him out.
Heartbeat quickening, Dean steps closer to the tree’s mighty branches and walks around it. And then, on the other side, he can see Castiel, through green needles and warm light.
With his head leaning against Cas’ head, Dean thinks this is the best Christmas Eve he could have ever imagined. But his mind wanders further. He wants to sit beneath this willow with Cas in spring, when, yes, they could watch the bees, and in summer, when it would give shade and only allow the prettiest sunrays to shine through its leaves. Sunrays that would dance so gracefully on Cas’ face – he would squint his eyes and then close them, and Dean would place a kiss on each before taking his hand to hold it close.
in this plain of reality. He has even more fun talking to him – about the most mundane stuff. Watching him watch a movie. Knowing he has developed a very particular taste in books, all on his own. It’s just nice.
Words of encouragement get stuck in Dean’s tight throat. He just stares with teary eyes. Helplessly, bashfully. Pleading, maybe.
But – this was all different from
Everyone nods and then has to say their names and how old they are. Claire shrugs and wishes the round would be over soon. Good thing she’ll go to the real school in a few months.
The guilt from that day did not disappear. Why? Castiel’s mission had been a success, had it not? And yet, in the privacy of his mind, he felt discontent.
The world outside is getting brighter.
or what? By whom…?
“That’s nice.”
did want to do this for the longest fucking time. Oh, God, he has it bad.
Dean shifts as he remembers those days, and Christmas in the cold motel room with Sam. It wasn’t horrible by any means (better than what they had with their dad anyway). It’s been nice, but he much prefers now, with a costumed Jack sitting across from him, more cozy Christmas lights every day, and Cas to watch movies with under fluffy blankets. Without the fear of only having a year left to live.
Not to have him here to show him Heaven, let alone for personal pleasure. Just for the Divine mission! Of course.
did,” his warm voice rasps. “You taught an angel to love.”
But that was not the task. Stick to the plan, Castiel told himself. Why was he so impatient?
“I’m… better, yeah. Thanks,” Dean says, swallowing down his sentimentality once and for all. “We’re gonna put you on top then?” he jokes, softer than he means to, and flashes Cas a smile.
An attack, Castiel thought in disbelieve. That’s what it must have felt like for Dean. Castiel had managed to turn a Heavenly warrior against Heaven. Bravo.
It’s then when the sunlight falls through the window, the first light of Christmas – and Dean feels shadows wrap around him, giant, feathery, with splashes of color like stained-glass windows. He gasps as an overwhelming feeling of safety sinks into his heart – Castiel’s wings, sphering him.
“Right,” Dean says, knowingly. Miracle walks over to him for some tender loving care. “Aw, boy, c’mere. Jack, you seen Cas?”
A shiver of self-awareness rushes through Dean’s body.
Not daring to look up, Dean continues speaking even when Cas slowly lets the book sink. “Larkspur, here. This one’s from the mountains. I went there this summer, Colorado, y’know? Very pretty meadows. We should go and visit my uncle there.”
As they're stored their cases in the over head bins and took their seats castiel was secretly glad he wasn't going home for the summer alone ,,
Cas switched off the lights and everyone grabbed their stuff
Castiel calmed a little.
Well if I kneeded your help I would ask for it
To which castiel had told his farther to stick his opinion where the sun does not shine and following his brothers example grabbed the dogs and stormed off.
in an effort  to bring the unruly mob to heel
Dean looked to his brother and his lover I think we might be in over out heads this time  the hospital twinkled under the luner light of the earth bilions of miles away shining in the sky
All hospital staff please congregate in the main lobby
Dean yer cas I'm ok
Yer guess you where right I was in those cuffs for a reason
Cas ?
I suppose you will do I did hope for !  the man stoped him self oh well can't win every time .
Elin was the head ward sister incharge of the pool of nurses she wasn't a ball buster by any means but  the girls new better than to talk back
4 am finally came cas locked up waving off the last of the crowds and the building finally fell silent .
Sam is my brother!! I have bean out of town and since Benny my last assistant recently quit to open purgatory.
Come on Joe let's leave hermioney to her home work med threw a wink at her friend
him self ready for the noise and chaos of the night ahead.
Right now everyone prepared to follow the rules
Dude seriously what crawled up your arse to die?  cas  made a puking gesture as Jimmy cackled throwing  his head back against the driver's seat making a sound castiel likened to a cat being strangled
Everyone is holding on by the skin of their teeth and what happens when people decide that they Don't want to follow the rules how am I supost to keep order i don't know how to lead these people
Now last time I checked you and nurse heeler have a job to be getting on with or do you just where those uniforms for fancy dress ?
Every table was occupied '', outside engines rawd as a bevy of rush hour traffic sped by .
it's a gay bar in  Miami!!
Family buisnes
a  7th birthday party trashed the food court ,so that was half an hour spent trying to get fondent icing out of the carpet .
Dean looked him up and down ,,
Charlie flipped her off
The boys  ran towards the sound coming upon the scirmish
The croud looked to oneanother wether they liked it or not they didn't have alot of options finally after some murmering everyone agreed
His uncle Bobby had pretty much run the place in to the ground,, his dad had no interest in the busines. apart from money and free booze. infact deans hard work was about the only thing keeping,,  the doors open .
I like you darlin youve for spunk I think your mixing up men and women beny raised and eyebrow before  laughing so heard he had trouble catching his breath
Sam Dean and cas sit in the small cantien
Castiel dragged his trolly case behind him through the terminal ,
8:30 cas checked his watch as he crossed the street stopping at the lights,,  smiling to himself as the next song queued up on his eye pod.
Cas slumps down on a chair defeated
I thought it might be nice to visit the family lay some flowers ,, what do recon you up for an outing.  I'll pack us a little Picnic and  we can have cucumber sandwiches your favourite.. and we can stop by the river and say hello to biscuit on the way,, biscuit was cases dog,, he had been hit by a car when he was 11.
As Sam pulled the glass out of deans ancle wrapping it tightly with the torn shirt meddick can we get a medic in heer Sam screamed in the hopes that some one would here them medic!!!!!!
Joe I really think you kneed to se this ,
Not so much  one small step for man more one giant smack  in the face for man kind
Do you kneed shoes ? Yer shees  a 2 and I'm a 6 don't sal your self short your a 10 the girl giggled
I'm sorry the girl smiled this is the men of letters you want hunters they are down the stairs turn right 3rd door from the end .
Cas was not enjoying himself not in the slightest Lucifer was  loitering in the foyay, hay Satan  instead of standing  around making the place look untidy, why don't you actually do some work .
Cas lifted the little Wicca basket down from on top of the fridge and filled it with everything they needed for the picnic,,
As two nobody's threw punches  soon joined by a bunch of afew more unimportant people broke in to a fight
Sam  cas I'm ok  Sam cas , cas pushed him self to his feet running to help sam to free Dean who was pinned under the vending machine
Where on the on the moon what but we can't be but we are where on the freeking moon
Dean rememberd when his Grampa Hyram ran the place,,  he and Sam would sit in the office colouring or playing with Lago. while their mum waited tables and dad and Grampa stood behind the bar
You killed him Joe didn't look shocked just surprised
Grabbing 3 in one hand to stack on the back shelf
Yess he is looking for an assistant for me his grin spread across his face .
after the squirrel had bolted up a tree leaving Hannibal jumping up and down like a lunatic convinced that barking at the tree will make it surender his pray,,
The guy had done a bad thing but for a good reason he was protecting the person he cared about
Thairs my favourite  little tree topper,,
One stab wound to the abdomen  and how did this come to happen
The next morning cas followed  the GPS on his phone avoiding to Google maps the bunker was up a dirt road just  off the main highway an old  cold war shelter that had been converted  in to studios & offices cas went down the steps pushing open the large metal door as he stepped in to what looked like a hospital hallway the walls from floor to celin where dark green ceramic tiles as he walked hi came to a balcony with stairs leading down to a large Victorian looking lobby cas headed to the reception desk  where he was met by a petite blond,,  the name tag on her blouse read Jess,,
setting them down on the kitchen island he  shrugged  off his trench and opened the fridge to grabbed a bottle of water,, taking a swig then began to set up the morning meds. He organised them on and plate and went to wake the sleeping pensioner. Cas drew back the curtains as the sun streamed in,,  bathing the room in light.
Food will be shared with everyone we don't have unlimited beds so people are going to have to take turns sleeping their will be two people on a round the clock watch of the kitchens and cantiene any one not prepared to follow the rules will be locked in the Morg untill they are prepared to toe the line
Im not well versed in earth laws but I don't think the that it's supost to rain upside up
Castiel stered up at the ceiling willing him self to fall asleep everything was to loud,,  the sounds of cars wizing past and dogs barking,,  he mist his quiet apartment the only nois he had to listen to was Anna snoring down the hall,,  after what felt like an eternity of tossing and turning Castiel gave up and decided to pull up the pick he had taken of the assistant listing .
After tea the house fell silent dad had layd in to Jimmy ,,  who had grabbed his jacket and driven off in a huff,,  leaving castiel to get the you kneed to do something with your life speach.  if you had gone to the academy like I said you would have a career Castiel .
Se isn't my date pretty Jimmy placed a sloppy kiss on castiels check,,
Yer I really think we are
God may want you for a sunbeam but I swear you are gong straight to hell castiel pushed a hand through his hair  trying to compose himself .
Any way I was thinking,, it's high time I whoop your sorry arse.  Dean grinned are you challenging my honour? Charlie laughed grabbing. Straws off the bar on guard so it's a fight you want ey ,, the two crossed straws pretending to sward fight. not bad hand maiden the queen of moon door is impressed,, we will make a knight out of you yet. the two burst in to a fit of giggles.
Whait what ? Both brothers ran to the window what the hell they all looked at each other
Joe interrupted it seems what ever brought us here wants us alive for the moment we seem to have plenty of oxygen
He wheeled out the specials bord and chained it to a lamp post ,, Then set to work setting up the out door seating,, asembeling the large umbrellas,, and putting out the ash trays,,
We should be flying about actually we should be dead
A delaperdated bar at the side of a busy highway his uncle Bobby had lost it to his dad in a bad hand of cards
UW TMI ! Meg
Not a alot their have been multiple reports of power Serge's across the hospital lights flickering but no smell of sulphur or strange disappearances so what are we thinking poltergiste
What a charming thought anymore jem's of wisdom ? Darlin
As I speak the heads of this hospital are drawing up plans for what to do in the event of an emergency should our current predicament last  a while  we thank you for your understanding at this difficult intevul
Dean laughed ,,
As I said we don't know how long we are going to be here
Ok dismist
The man put on a charming smile
Mom par gramps its castiel I've mist you guys,,  I'm here with gran Cas arranged the flowers in the vase I'm sorry we haven't been in a while
Med flipped the catch on the window pushing it open
Being Human is not all it is cracked up to be
Disembodied spirit yer thats the other thing no emf anywhere on the premises
The brunet waved back in greeting and continued on his way,  Dean opened the wooden shutters covering the windows. greating Charlie as she arrived for her shift parking her yellow 67 gremlin ,, Morning dude.The two fist bumped . Just me and you to day Joe's got the flew txted me at 3AM ,, Great dads not gonna like that .Not our fault !!
Cas starts to move, and Dean can’t help the pitiful moan that leaves him. Cas’ thrusts are a little jerky, and kind of rough, but it’ll get better. Dean can show him how if they do this again.
Dean can already tell that he’s not going to last long——maybe that’s a good thing, he can’t have a panic attack if he finishes quickly——but he doesn’t care. He’ll be happy if he manages to finish at all.
“Dean?” Cas asks after an indeterminate amount of time.
“Tell me if you want me to stop.”
“Yes.”
“I wa-ah! Was touching your soul,” the angel replies, like that’s not batshit fucking insane. “You h-have a beautiful soul, Winchester.”
It’s been a while since Dean has done this, so he’s a little (lot) out of practice, but that’s okay. He’ll get back into the groove. Just like riding a bike, only with more nudity. Maybe some dirty talk if it looks like Cas is up for that.
Then Dean feels himself shiver, and realizes that his…
He’d never——
Dean is on his way to the shower. There’s a mild nervousness itching under his skin as he makes his way to the bathroom——there almost always is——but nothing that he’ll worry about. Besides, he’s gotten better at handling showers recently. He doesn’t hate his body nearly as much as he used to, and the bunker is safe enough that Dean feels comfortable being in a vulnerable situation there.
“Dean!”
It’s better not to take any chances. Taking chances gets you knocked out in the sewer and brands you as missing for six months. Taking chances breaks you from the inside out and makes you wish you were dead sometimes.
Dean sighs. “Never mind. I-it was stupid. Don’t know why I thought——“
Dean smiles, and situates himself at the edge of their bed. “Clothes off,” he growls, a smile curling at his lips.
“Nothing,” Dean answers quickly. He spits into one of his hands in place of lube (he’s pretty sure that the angel doesn’t know what that is anyway, and Dean doesn’t want to explain it), and takes the angel’s cock in his hand.
“C’mon, Cas. Clothes off. You don’t want to deal with wet jeans.” Dean smiles. Cas doesn’t seem to get it yet, but it usually doesn’t matter whether or not he’s clothed: Dean is going to react the same way regardless. He’s been fine laying against Cas when he’s practically naked, and nearly had a panic attack when Cas was bundled up in his trench coat and tried to hold Dean’s hand. Dean knows his own limitations, and he knows that he doesn’t want Cas stuck in wet jeans, so he offers what he knows he can handle.
“Cas,” Dean croaks after a moment. His voice is rough, and just a little shaky. “Can I move?” He whimpers. “I ca——” He cuts himself off, shudders, and tries again. “I want to be able to see you. Please.”
Cas whimpers as his hand slips over his cock, and his head tips back. He looks so blissed out like this, and that doesn’t help the unprecedented situation growing in Dean’s pants.
“What does it taste like?”
“Yes,” Cas replies, his voice tight. “I believe so.”
Dean expects Cas to leave him when he can’t perform——and Cas looks like someone just kicked his puppy.
Dean jerks his hand away from the door like he’s been burned. Sam is categorizing books in one of the storage rooms in the sub-basement, and there are no other hunters staying in the bunker, which means there can only be one other person in the shower: Cas.
Cas must have noticed that he finally understood, because his eyebrows rise and his lips thin, and he smiles sheepishly, and Dean wants to storm forward and hug him. But he’s frozen to the spot.
“What does it look like?” Dean asks over his shoulder, a grin on his face so wide it makes his icy cheeks hurt.
“I don’t know,” Cas laughs. Relieved, now that this is off his chest. “Very long, I suppose.”
, he repeated, louder this time. But the excitement stayed in his voice.
, he blurted out. It made the station’s television turn on.
Later, when Cas helps him clean the mess they made, he sings to himself. “Pa rum pum pum pum…” – over and over again. Dean briefly considers calling him Whitney as a joke but ultimately doesn’t, because he fears the self-awareness would make Cas stop. So he just watches him dreamily from the safe distance of the kitchen table between them.
