“They don’t have to cancel each other out and you know it.” Dean shook his head, and though Cas still couldn’t see his face well he thought he finally knew him well enough to guess the adoration there.
He kept running until he found a cave that smelled empty enough, but the rain that had started up from nowhere made that a little harder to figure out. Harder still to figure out if he’d been followed. He was only a little disappointed Cas didn’t seem to have caught up yet, and as he tried to make himself comfortable he promised himself he wasn’t going to spend any time crying over everyone he was leaving behind.
“Yeah?” Dean smiled. For some reason, Sam was looking sheepish, like it was him with the monster blood and the possibly murderous past.
It had been a long time since Sam had been in a church with the intention of actually praying there. Jack was everywhere, in everything, but still, it felt correct and respectful to find a place made for it to try and talk to him. And there was something joyous in knowing there really was someone out there worth praying to.
“You speak,” Cas said. It was the first thing Cas had said since Dean had moved to attack them. But Dean continued to focus his attention on Sam, barely blinking, but Sam noticed that he was tightening his grip slightly around the skinny arm of the little boy beside him.
“I wanted to -” Cas swallowed. He looked frightened. Maybe he was gonna die of fright too. “I wanted to see if you were alright.”
“No, angels don’t need to,” Cas said distractedly as Dean heard him sitting up. “Dean, what’s your last name?”
“Anyway,” Ruby said, standing up and picking up her phone. “It’s been really great meeting you and… everything.”
Almost spitting his food out at how sensitively Dean was trying to respect his feelings, Cas shook his head, smiling. “Hardly.”
This was breaking out of what was ok for a casual just-passing-through thing, but Eileen smiled. A package deal she’d called them last night. Yeah, she knew what she’d been getting herself into, even if they weren’t talking it through yet.
The dog’s tail started thumping down on Cas’s leg as the argument seemed to be finished with. Sam sat down on the stool next to Cas while Dean walked out of the room, flinging a hand dismissively in the air behind him.
“You’re not going in alone, Sam,” Cas told him, lifting his rifle meaningfully. The man had a rather aggravating tendency towards self-sacrifice, and Cas had learned the hard way not to give him any opportunity to indulge in it.
“No,” Dean snapped, a vein jumping meaningfully in his neck. For a moment Sam was almost worried Dean was about to spring at him, but then he seemed to soften. “Sammy, this ain’t your fight.”
Cas frowned before feeling his expression fade into a smile. “Of course, Dean. As I said last night, this is a quiet period for me professionally and I’d enjoy showing you around a few of the sights.”
And that was… pathetic. It was a cautious way to live life – which sounded like something Lilith would say as she went out for an evening, leaving Ruby behind, because Ruby was being boring for wanting a good night’s sleep before she went to work.
Dean’s eyes widened, searching Cas’s face desperately for the joke, the trick. “You can’t get married. You’re in love with me.”
“You, uh, you still sure about that?” Sam asked, as Ruby tried to figure whether his face showed disappointment or relief.
Cas made a face but followed Dean towards the Deancave when Dean stood up. “Dean, it wasn’t a good movie.”
Dean wanted him. Fuck, he was so long past admitting that to himself. If he wanted to be really honest,
But even if it was just begging now, Dean had to keep asking. He just needed to find the right words.
.” With great care, Cas set the dog down on the chessboard. Several of the main black pieces clattered to the floor. One of them was a King, Sam noticed absently, as he watched the dog that might also be Jack watch it hit the ground. It was So funny – up until now he’d seemed like the quietest, calmest dog Sam had ever been around, but now he was acting agitated, almost like he thought he was cornered.
“Yeah, I told you that already.” Dean looked around finally, and saw by the dim lights of the other tents and vans that the angel was definitely crying as well. “Seriously, dude, what the -”
Sam raked a hand back through his hair, thinking for a moment. “I know I said it, but… I didn’t think Dean would talk about it. I didn’t think he
Dean opened his eyes and saw a bloodbath. Only one of the bodies still had its head connected to the rest of it. All of them had only charred craters where their eyes had been. One had blood gushing like a fountain from the finger that had once been its talon.
trying not to cling, not to be overprotective. But he’d never been allowed to keep anything this good, and a lifetime of bad luck had turned him into an anxious wreck.)
He wasn’t sure why he said the last part. It wasn’t said in flirtation, so it mostly came off as snide. He didn’t want to come off as snide about something which very well might make Dean happy. He might have been too cowardly to have any kind of conversation with Dean but that didn’t mean everyone had to be, and if their new friendship was ruined before it could even really start because Cas was too bitter then he’d never forgive himself.
Biting back an ‘are you sure?’ Dean rolled them up the drive, noting that this house did seem a few decades older than the rest of the neighbourhood.
“What would you know about it?” Dean asked, sounding genuinely offended as he pulled his sock back on. “No more free previews for you.”
Dean might have said goodbye to Garth at Heathrow, but at the man’s insistence he carried his fidget cube all the way with him to LAX. Because he did make it. The whole experience would make it up there in the top ten list of times Dean would love to be able to wipe clean from his memory, but he made it.
“Eileen?” Dean paused, the name ringing wrong for a moment. Eileen, right. “Oh yeah,” Dean said, feeling a smile tugging at his lips as he recovered. “You gonna show her all that sign language you’ve been practicing?”
As soon as he understood her plan, as they crept down to the basement together, Cas stopped in his tracks. “No,” was all he said.
Cas did keep some awareness in his mind for the fact they were filming, but he didn’t really consciously become aware of it until after Dean came and set him off in turn as clenched around Cas so perfectly. For a few moments all they did was stare. He knew he would eventually need to, but Cas couldn’t bear to break that eye-contact, break the strange spell they’d crafted around them. Like they might be the only people left in the world.
The composer suddenly looked thoughtful. “You know. I think Ruby has a very expensive coffee machine in her kitchen which she’s always bragged was so complex she’d never worked out how to use. Would you be interested in trying to work that out with me and sending a picture of that to her with me?”
Swallowing, Cas shook his head sharply. Listen to himself issue out those ridiculous demands? Risk disagreeing with Dean’s editing and causing the most bizarre stand-off he’d ever been involved in?
As Ruby started to pull up the dominos site on her laptop, she was aware of Sam staring at her, but since she hadn’t decided what to do with that yet, she decided to ignore it.
The man raised his eyebrows cynically but there was something glittering there in those dark eyes that told Dean he wasn’t feeling as grumpy as he looked. “Standing in a horsebox right here, man. Take a fucking guess.”
“I’m sick!” Squirming further under his side of the covers, Dean coughed loudly. “And I wanted to hear what you had to say about it,” he added on a mumble.
“You shouldn’t have come,” Dean said, his voice almost returning to that awful growl. “I left that note -”
“…No. I think all the things I ever really did for selfish reasons, I’m incapable of regretting. I wouldn’t be who I am if I hadn’t done them.” He put his head to one side, considering again the enormous waves of power he could feel rolling off Jack. “Does that help you?”
Nodding slowly, Sam lowered himself down to the ground. “Ok. But… you spoke with Cas? You remember everything?”
He wasn’t even sure he’d hoped to have the conversation at all. Neither of them seemed to have a good track record for saying the right thing at the right time, and there was so little that kept the two of them going – surely it was more important to keep preserving what they had?
“You know nothing about Hell politics, Samuel, and bless you for it. Being able to cart out a former Knight and “boyking” of Hell still carries some currency.”
“Jack got me out before. I believe he can do it again,” Cas reassured him, recognising that this, and not a parroted declaration of love in response, was what Dean most needed to hear now. Dean trusted people on their actions, not their words, as he hoped people did for him. Which is why he became almost childishly confused by people taking his words seriously.
“So Jack got you out first thing, huh?” Dean felt his smile waver. “Y’couldn’t have dropped in to let us know down there?”
It was just getting a lot harder to remember what was weird for them when normal kept shifting from under their feet.
Dean for much longer than Sam had been expecting. Though his own earlier conversation with his brother had left him feeling drained, he was itching to get back up there and try talking to him again himself. The pipe dream fantasy of a year had come true – Dean was alive.
. Not that Cas had spent any time thinking about the right way would be, could go, but he was pretty sure
But Dean went quiet as Cas went to work opening him up. Much as he was desperate to move things along, Cas took his time. He could have spent hours watching Dean’s hips move every time Cas hooked his finger in just the right way, the way Dean’s eyelids shuddered close and his mouth would open on a silent moan.
Cas sighed, for a moment removing his fingers from Dean’s hair to pat at his head instead. “At first. For a moment, I think.”
Which was an awful thing to think about his brother, obviously. But Sam really could only guess what he might be forced to do when he was like this, and he’d just spent their last real conversation begging Sam not to let him out, and Sam wasn’t as stupid as he wanted to be about this.
“Dude. You are literally the one solitary person lucky enough to speak to me, all day, who was not a cab driver or a shop assistant, ok?”
Maybe he could make himself forget again. Maybe. But Dean knew he didn’t really want to kill any more people.
Dean had shook his head at the ceiling, like he was appealing to Jack to break his interventionist rules and shut Sam up for him. “I’ll get there, Sam, I will. I just – I can’t have what I want, alright? So I might as well be out there helping people, doing what I’m good at.”
Dean hadn’t gotten back yet, but then hopefully he was busy – or sleeping, no doubt he deserved that after a flight that long.
He wasn’t expecting the kiss. It was probably just one more attempt from the venom coursing through his real and dying body to keep him here, but
“You know what would really make this night better? Get a really good quarantine at the end of the world vibe going?”
Unsure if he didn’t want to believe yet to try and prevent Dean and Cas, who already seemed to be so invested, so certain of this, or himself, Sam looked more closely at the dog. Then he cleared his throat. “I did, uh. I always thought he looked kind of like him. Not like
The music fading into earshot felt like something Dean had imagined at first. He didn’t recognise the song playing, but he vaguely recognised the voice – she’d been a newly hot-right-now young thing at the time before the radio had stopped playing anything new and then stopped playing altogether. He could remember at least three haircuts she’d been famous for but not what her name was.
Dean couldn’t help himself, his eyes slid back to the car, but he did manage to stop himself from pointing that the money spent to buy that thing had also been a waste. From the way Ruby’s ex’s family member was looking at Dean he had a feeling the guy could read his mind.
“The way that she died… I think she died trying to get through to Jack. She risked everything. And after we lost her Dean gave up and I – I followed,” Sam finished lamely. It shouldn’t stand as an excuse, but he had nothing else to say. It felt like every time he made a decision alone he screwed it up in world-endingly bad fashion. It was easier playing second fiddle.
“Hey, same,” said Ruby, still staring at the screen. “So, we were two bisexual messes running away from relationship drama. Huh.”
had to come and slam all the potentially open doors in the city closed. He might as well be browsing online booksellers for all the good this particular search was doing his finances.
Apparently, that most of all was the wrong thing to say. “Dean… even if we do find a cure for you, we won’t for me. This’ll always be what I am.”
“Buck up, buddy, something’ll come along,” Dean assured him gruffly, as he punched him on the arm before turning to sit down.
I guess this contains spoilers for Love is Blind?? (yes i watched the whole thing in a day what of it)
But part of being good at going with your gut’s weird ideas was equally recognising when going with them had been a really fucking stupid idea and to pretend you’d never had it.
Crossing his arms tightly across his chest to keep him back from taking hold of Cas and shaking him into opening up, Sam hissed out a long breath. “Does he know who killed those people last year?”
It was hard to feel any kind of joy or triumph when succeeding would cause the death of one of the people closest to him, but Sam felt proud of what he’d thrown together at such short notice. At the very least he might succeed in killing some of the tension in the room. He might not have anything like the connection that Dean had with Cas, but he did know him, and that meant he had more than a few guesses about how to make him the happiest he’d ever been.
“Ah, but my boy, I wasn’t the one who took it away, was I?” the ringmaster remarked cheerfully. “That was you. And I’m afraid that unless you want your so recently wealthy brother to share in your fate, or in a worse one of his own, then you will be my attraction, my demon, the new freak for my freak show, and whatever else I require you to be for the forseeable future.”
Knowing his roommate could hear him practice through the walls and playing directly to an audience of only him were two very different things. True, Cas would play for other friends, sometimes, but…
“Maybe.” Dean heaved in a breath. “Thanks. Sorry. Don’t wanna put you off staying over here more often. Shouldn’t have to play couch therapy to all your boyfriend’s broken relatives.”
He didn’t look surprised to see Dean on the floor, a beer in one hand and a pile of photos in his lap.
“Alright,” Dean said, getting back to walking. He was looking, but there didn’t seem to be an end to this beach. “So, tell me Ted Dansen. What happened to the apocalypse world Bobby and all the rest of them at the end? They make it up here too?”
Once, the idea of confronting Michael – or any version of any archangel – would have felt inconceivable; a treasonous suicide mission. But he knew a lot more now, and he knew enough to take no old assumptions for granted. He also had a team, a family, that he trusted above everything to find their way out of even the most bizarre and impossible of situations.
Sometimes, of course, being at home just made him feel guilty. He’d forget for a moment what life was like outside the carefully cultivated urban greenery of the compound - could almost forget that the world hadn’t ended. Of course, over this last year, those moments of forgetfulness had almost stopped entirely.
“I’m not nuts, I wasn’t bashed over the head and I’m not cursed,” Dean snapped at them. “I saw something weird, but we deal in weird, so listen to me.” He stood himself up straight and leant back against the wall. As he looked at the dog he almost seemed… guilty.
That wasn’t it, he’d said that before. It was three in the morning, and Dean was begging an empty room with useless words that had never worked before.
“What do you see, bo – fuck, I’m not saying that,” Dean grumbled, clutching the dog lead a little tighter as he looked around.
“I ran away from home at seventeen, Dean. Shockingly, I didn’t exactly fall into a purpose-built security system. I spent a lot of time surfing couches.” Sometimes the couch had been free from a friend, and sometimes it hadn’t exactly been.
Sam heaved out a sigh, as though banishing the last of his hopes. “Figured. All right. One thing at a time. How do we get to your brother?”
His father had always told him that they were there to guard the earth’s people, and pass judgement and punishment on them when the time was right. His mother had always called them the hammers of God. His older brothers always encouraged him to enjoy what humanity had to offer, but to remember that he was better than humans – that he was there to guide them, to observe them.
Dean wanted to laugh. Sam still used the same careful tone to broach a topic he was worried would offend people. It had been a long time since he’d had to use it with Dean, if ever.
Said sad eyes narrowed, but to her relief they didn’t look mad at her. If anything he still looked nervous, like he wasn’t sure if she was going to explode.
And suddenly, he was. Cas was sitting in the passenger seat beside him, eyes flaming with a divine rage Dean hadn’t seen alight there in years.
“Dude, put your tongue back in your mouth,” Sam registered Victor saying as he gave Ruby a cheerful and hopefully not ridiculous wave.
Sam’s tracking led them towards an old church building on a hill, on the edge of what looked like the remains of a small town.
“Yeah, and I tried asking Crowley about what happened to them after the party, but he got all infuriatingly smug and tight-lipped – Sam? You listening?”
Dean leaned back against the couch, eyes skirting their way down Cas’s body. “Nah, you’re good. I’ve got an old leather jacket that might set off the bad boy thing better for you though, wait a minute.”
?” Dean asked himself aloud before opening the door to the outside. Which, though he was braced for the cold, was still, obviously, pleasantly warm.
He woke up mad, the thrill of the fight still surging through his blood, urging him to find something else to keep taking out his rage on.
“Nah.” Dean lifted a hand to wave dismissively before slamming it back on the table. It was such a quintessentially
Groaning, a figure appeared at the window of his sleeping quarters. “Hello,” he said solemnly, before putting in a, “Y’know, I was finally getting some sleep in there,” to Charlie.
Sam didn’t know what to expect when they made it home. Cas was right – they’d never be able to take Dean inside, not as he was. It wasn’t safe. They’d be able to study him outside the walls, but though Dean, unleashed, now, kept close for now, Sam couldn’t imagine his brother having the patience to go through medical tests in the hope of some unlikely cure.
Ruby shook her head, dark hair flicking in front of her girlfriend’s face. “You should try that site where they pay you to masturbate. Ooh!” She added, eyes lighting up devilishly. “You’re an attractive pair. You should make a sex tape.”
Despite the years of hurt and anger between them all, Cas and Anna had followed their older brother to the human compound he’d been secretly funding. His allies among their people began to join them there.
“I see him, Sam,” Cas said, readying his gun to fire. The man’s face, still in shadow, twitched, and Cas suspected he was ready to spring at them at any moment. He had never seen creatures like this before and had no idea how effective an attack from one of them might be.
“I’ve been giving out sympathy for six hours now, my supply is running a little low,” Crowley said dryly, watching Dean’s glass with something like concern. “What were you hoping was gonna happen, if this hadn’t happened?”
Raising his eyebrows, Cas shut his laptop and crossed his arms, leaning back on the sofa. “Did she find someone who wants to buy our feet pics?”
It stung more than it had a right to, hearing Dean talk about other creatures like they were the only love he’d ever known, like they’d always been his to defend. “When did they find you?”
“People dying right now, everywhere,” Dean muttered as he opened the door. Which was bad. He knew it didn’t matter how loud he was when he prayed, but it still felt disrespectful somehow not to speak up. “Say they’re closing the bar next week. Might not have this job for long.” As he closed the door behind him, Dean clung to the bannister for support. “World just never stays saved, huh? All these apocalypses that Chuck wrote – none of them are going to kill as many people as this will. Jack really just going to let it play out?”
The old man raised a hand in the air in general and flapped it down again as though this alone should have been enough of an explanation. “Look at this shithole. Fake house and faker people.”
Cas didn’t reveal any of the hidden parts of himself much. It was one of the first things he’d been taught as a child. But he didn’t run much either, and he would think nothing of breaking into one if he had to. No – that wasn’t quite right. There was nothing stopping him from walking out naked every morning but his own reasoning that he
He’d asked Dean to be separated from the children when they stopped. He wasn’t certain it was the right call, but he had to hope that his brother would remember something more of what they were to each other if they were alone.
…and he remembered the feeling of teeth sinking into his throat and Dean winced, pulling back. The man chuckled at his expression. And it was a chuckle – it wasn’t any kind of cruel laugh. It felt friendly, and for a moment Dean wanted to bask in it. It felt like a long time since he’d made someone else smile like that.
“Dude. You do not need to go giving me the one magical night only speech. Big girl here, and probably still leaving today anyways.”
“Your bosses are thrilled with the work you’re doing, but they’re worried about some of the latest losses. They want to make sure everything’s all right with you before you get out there again. So they’ve mandated a few therapy sessions for you with myself.”
Dean finally sat himself up, sparing the dog a final glare. The dog rolled happily onto its back. “We just couldn’t have had one. Sam was a kid, he never had to get that.”
“I – I might be able to call my sister before we get back. I’ll try later, see if we can figure out some sort of plan.”
Eventually, some automated self-preservation instincts he had no idea he had in him driving him, Dean went in for his shower, dried himself and went back to bed. He rolled the bloodied sheet up into his bag. Then he got up to the shower again. When he found the dead body still there, he raised the alarm.
“Oh, I’m sorry, was that meant to be addressed to me?” Sam allowed himself a smile. “Because the note that I got shown was a lot more vague than that.”
It wasn’t like he could just stop walking and wait – for reasons that were still hard to put names to that was
Cas became the doctor he’d never been qualified to be, but his powers filled in the gaps of his knowledge as he’d always hoped they would. He didn’t think he would ever feel okay again, like he belonged in the world, but he was helping the people he’d once hurt so irreparably by his inaction. Some days that almost felt like enough.
Sam laughed, and, as usual, there was nothing cruel about the sound. It just sounded tired. He really did need to sleep. “It wasn’t supposed to be. Cas, Dean only remembered who I am within the last twenty-four hours, and I know he still hasn’t forgiven me from breaking his favourite hot wheels toy when I was six, or I don’t know – eating the last of his favourite cereal whenever I was four. He holds onto everything – it’s the best and worst thing about him.” Sam smiled and this time Cas was sure he was meant to feel encouraged. “But he remembers. So he remembers the good things, too. And I don’t think he’d be this upset with you if the good things were forgettable.”
person who’d be coming back to him soon. He’d failed his sister, who, for some reason, had always believed that he was strong and smart enough to follow her example.
Intellectually, Cas had been aware that after deciding this was a thing they were actually going to do that they were going to have to actually do it. But to go, ok, tomorrow. That was different.
Cas didn’t seem put off. He actually turned away again, glancing slightly at the audience as though expecting greater encouragement. The crowd provided that in spades – screaming, shouting, laughing at them both. Then Cas looked back at Dean. For the first time since the angel had entered the stage, Dean felt like he could see something of the guy he thought he knew, because that had almost looked like a smile… But then even that was gone again, and the Terminator was back.
The man Dean had just invited into his temporary home looked like he wanted to smile but couldn’t quite remember how. “Cas.”
And so there he’d been, sitting quietly with a coffee at his piano – the one he kept for pleasure, not the keyboard he had for work – thinking about the strange night of watching the strange beautiful man living in Ruby’s house casually craft an evening with one of the greatest legends in horror, in Hollywood really, as though the three of them were old and dear friends. And Cas had gotten to thinking about the first loving scene shown between the final girl and her girlfriend, and the grotesque reimagining of it which would later, and felt that it deserved a warm theme to fit that one moment she had to hold onto – a theme Cas later planned to twist of course, to reintroduce in a minor key when –
Cas opened his mouth to protest but thought better of it. “I’ve got a tweed waistcoat somewhere in there,” he admitted.
Sam couldn’t believe it of course. It was obvious he still carried some hope that he might find his brother alive, and that when he did, that no obstacle would be significant enough to remain in their way for him to bring him home and resume their lives.
But before he did anything he should probably answer his messages first. Victor wanted to know why he hadn’t come into work. Crowley wanted to know if he’d gone and done something ‘stupid’. And then…
Cas knew that shouldn’t warm him as much as it did. It was probably just because he was already starting to go strange without other regular human contact. But the idea of Dean watching this horrible show for a second time just to watch his reactions made him almost want to well up.
Not wanting to examine the squirming feeling in his chest that came from hearing Cas call the bunker home, Dean clapped a hand on his friend’s shoulder and started walking away from the still burning grave. “Alright, you take the car. I’ll walk back. Benefits of taking local jobs.”
Victor only widened his eyes and grinned, remembering himself enough to hold out a hand in greeting, but Mick seemed incensed. “This,” Sam heard him muttering, “is just stupid luck.”
Dean slowly shook his head. “We don’t see humans much. They’ve met armed ones before but not while I’ve been with them.”
“How come a demon?” Dean asked, voice feeling hoarse. This was real, the was happening to him, he was never going to see his family again and if he did they’d probably want to see him dead.
Still clutching to the collar of Cas’s coat, Dean pulled away. “Hey. How do I know this isn’t all fake?”
But it turned out that it wasn’t as easy as it had sounded in his head to get slyly or casually into a book-cart without either toppling all the books out or breaking the little faux-wooden plastic cart which Dean eventually started rattling in frustration. “Sonovabitch”, he muttered under his breath. And then he had to suppress what may have been more of a girly scream than he’d have thought himself capable of when a hand tapped him on the shoulder.
“You’re living on a call centre salary, you bought your Mom an antique sword for Christmas and you took your annual Vegas trip last month.”
He tailed off as the guy’s mouth started twitching upwards from one of the corners. It wasn’t exactly a
“Someone knock me out again. And when I wake up there’d better be food. Or somebody here’s about to be it.”
me, but that I was going to find out anyway, would you tell me or wait for me to find out on my own?”
Cas shot Dean a look before directing his gaze back to his notes. He was actually finding it difficult to read his own notes.
“A-okay, as ever,” Dean said, pushing his way past. The sun was rising. Some monsters hated the sun. It didn’t seem to do anything to him. “Anyway, it’s not really your concern anymore if I’m ok – is it?” Soon it wouldn’t be anyone’s, Dean thought, and reminded himself that tears wouldn’t help anything, that tears never helped anything.
“Bill likes to move us through different planes when we travel. Currently, we move through a minor passage of the fae realm,” the ‘angel’ Castiel told him, without opening his eyes or sitting up from where he was slumped against the other side of the cage.
“Don’t go,” he said when he broke away for air, the words somehow harder to get through than the “I love you” had been. “I know you’re busy. But just… don’t leave.”
Dean felt the way with words he knew he had somewhere in there deep down drop so deep inside him that it was not likely to resurface any time soon. “Uh, we just –”
Dean stared and didn’t know how to look away. Eventually, he found his voice, and found that it wasn’t a cruel one. “No, none of that was real – not even when it was real,” he said, almost managing a smile. “Things were never that easy with Crowley, or Mom, whenever they were around. Cas never really stayed with us, even when he could.”
“Where… when are you here from?” Cas asked carefully, watching Jack swallow and take a tentative step towards him.
Dean shrugged, beelining towards Cas’s closet as Cas rubbed at his painful chin. “No filming today works for me. Still have things to figure out.”
And for the first time since they’d been stuck inside together, the claustrophobia was getting to Cas.
“He’s the boy from college, isn’t he?” Michael said casually one evening. He was round at Cas’s apartment – Anna was out – and Cas almost sighed in relief when the question came. Finally, they could stop pretending that Michael appearing from nowhere to ask him how he was was a normal occurrence.
hoping you can help me out. As you might have heard already, your cousin is a cheating piece of steaming shit and I want her things out of my house. Any chance you could act as delivery boy? You do kinda owe me one since it was you who introduced us…”
Neither spoke for a few moments. Dean had been getting better at picking up sign language lately – Sam wondered if Eileen was being as quiet as it sounded.
Benny’s grin was sharp and bright and beautiful, his lips still stained red from their hunt. “Give me something to make me remember you then.”
. To both the mistake of Christmas music, which would only succeed in infuriating her, and to trailer directing her life again. Her life was not a movie, and not everything could be solved with pretending you were living a montage.
“Oh. New demon,” she said, with a bright smile that lit up all of her red face. “Are you going to kill this one too, Cas?”
but you cannot say that I owe you one. I actively discouraged you from seeking a relationship with her, because… Charlie, what did I say?”
Certain now that this was all some kind of scam he’d let himself walk into that he just hadn’t figured out the angle to yet, Dean got himself through the gate, and then remembered the key code for the front door too. And then he was through.
Cas had thought he was dead. He’d heard that nothing in Dean’s state survived the first month of sicknesses. Dean had spent enough time wandering and finding no one alive to forgive him that assumption. For his part, Dean had always done his best to do the opposite, and imagine that somehow nothing of the horror the world kept witnessing had touched Cas, that it had all slid by him. In comparison, it was almost true. Though the world outside the compound had shifted and changed immeasurably, Cas’s half-finished degree had kept him useful and safe indoors, along with his family. Dean felt the need to tell Cas everything while also keeping him protected from the worst of it – it was all starting to feel less real, now, and it felt wrong to bring that in here, into their space, where they were supposed to be safe, where they were finally allowed to be
Dean ignored the voice, hoping it would go away – hoping that all of this would go away. He’d thought he was over this, and actually hadn’t even considered how he was going to get to L.A. when he’d started making his plans to be there.
Sam gave him a look. “Cas.” When his friend continued to say nothing, Sam cleared his throat and took his own turn staring at the cafetiere, which neither of them had pressed down yet, still. “I’m thinking that since you arranged all this, and it clearly means a lot to you… Look, me and Dean weren’t seeing much of each other before it happened. We didn’t live close, our lives kept us busy – whatever.” As Sam was speaking, he noticed that Cas’s whole frame seemed to droop, like his shoulders had just become ten times heavier. “But I knew enough. I knew that something broke his heart. I know that’s part of why he went off on that dumbass mission in the first place.”
“Not if we’re so fast they don’t know. And there aren’t many of us, and those there are, Michael doesn’t really keep any close. He… he keeps us all where he wants us.”
“And in the unlikely circumstance that Dean is one of them, you think that would be easier, be better, than if we find that he died?”
Resisting the urge to put fingers to his lips, Cas drew back. “Yes, I think we can.” He took a steadying breath. “Do you always settle disagreements like that?”
Dean scowled. The possibility of demons, and the disappearances of all those people were stuff he’d let himself forget about in making this dumb deal. Probably wouldn’t even give them any money, but if he did, and things went bad, well… that would be proof, wouldn’t it? And then Dean could go get him to change things back.
But he would never believe Dean had killed those people. Sam wished that was just because he was the sort of person who just had that natural amount of faith in his brother, but really it was because none of the story made sense, especially now that he was face to face with what Dean had become. There was a pattern to new monsters – he might not be the expert like Cas, but Sam had seen a lot of them, and it was a taking over, a re-wiring – not going from human to monster overnight. And when Dean had walked away from the compound for the last time, everyone had thought him human. Seeing how smart this version of his brother still was gave Sam some pause, but he remained sure that faking a normal life for several days while secretly murdering people in the night would have been beyond him. No, this monstrous transformation had happened after Dean had left the compound – not before.
Screwing up his face, Dean leaned back in his chair and looked up at the ceiling. “Sometimes. Not like, for the job, exactly. But, I don’t know, things get to me more. I don’t think I can deal with the thought of,” Dean swallowed, “of losing people in the same way anymore. Hell, I saw Crowley tonight and I felt
He was still himself, even if he didn’t know it. Still, underneath, the same Dean whose face lit up like a beacon when something good happened to him, the same Dean who’d once made Cas watch interminable days worth of old cowboy movies, the same Dean who worried about how well his brother was adjusting, who made jokes when he was in pain.
“The bathroom is.” Cas shrugged at Dean’s stare. It wasn’t like he’d been doing much else with his day. “C’mon. I’ve still got my good camera from the club job.”
Yes, he told himself firmly, it was going well, and he could keep himself together for the end of this practice run, and –
Cas had no idea where he was supposed to look now. Dean had twisted around and sat himself up so that where had been the safe space to stare was now occupied by Dean’s face. “Well, that’s… great. You can call Gordon or someone after all this, and…”
No one who’d got Dean into the cage seemed to be around, and even if they could hear him he wasn’t sure he cared – he wanted a reaction.
She didn’t realise she’d fallen asleep until the taxi driver told her they’d reached Dundee. Or, she was almost certain that was what he was saying. The accent was a little harder to keep up with than she’d expected, and she couldn’t decide if the man had never heard of diction or liked it too much. Or both, somehow.
“So what other props did you plan to incorporate?” Cas asked, and immediately regretted it. He was standing far too close to his roommate to allow that to remain an innocent question.
“Needing more stretching?” Cas asked, concern breaking through the euphoria threatening to overwhelm him. He was barely inside, but he felt like he’d been pushed back into having a teenager’s hair-trigger responses.
Sam nodded, and then started smiling as he continued on his walk. “I thought you wanted us to get closure, Cas.”
The poor bartender, who looked about nineteen and clearly not happy with being left alone on such a big event, managed a “uhhhh….”
It took time, but eventually Dean started to understand what it was they were moving through everyday. It was like a dream version of what the real scenery of the area or like they were going too fast to see it clearly – though it didn’t feel as though they were moving any quicker than a snail’s pace.
Ruby’s eyes flickered up to the man standing in the doorway and forced a smile. “Thanks for the advice, get back to work and how long were you standing there, Ash?”
He still had no idea if he believed this guy was an angel, or what an angel was supposed to do, but he was hoping he could get some confirmation they weren’t completely homicidal.
“Well… yeah, actually,” Sam said with something like a huff. “Not that you could… anyway.” He was looking chill, Ruby noticed, but one of his hands had balled very carefully into a fist. “Guy messing him about hasn’t made it a relationship in years.”
“I said improved, didn’t I? And we ran out of bread, and the tortillas. All we had was freezer bagels.”
Feeling his face burn, Sam’s eyes skidded away to the door. “Uh… Just something I thought he’d like. It’s. It’s dumb, I’ll bring them back.”
“There’s not exactly many of you to worry about. And you are famously a package deal. This isn’t a shock.”
friend, even if he still wasn’t corny enough to go saying something like that out loud, and since neither at the time had a truckload of other friends to be calling on they spent a lot of time together. Studying. Drinking out of the same glass. Passing back and forth the weird old bong Dean had uncovered in Bobby’s attic as a teenager. Sitting on the roof of Dean’s car watching the stars and making up new names for them.
He wasn’t trying to be his old self, but he was putting himself through some of those motions until they almost felt like they belonged to him again. But there was no hiding what he’d become when he hunted, and, he was sure, in sex. There was a non-negotiable honesty that had always seeped into sex for Dean. There wasn’t any hiding his reactions, and certainly not from Cas, who’d once known all the sweetest ways of tormenting his body for hours on end.
Dean had rolled his eyes at this explanation, but when he paid attention to the scenery – and there was little else to do as they moved – several things that didn’t make any sense. Blurred grinning faces that flashed for a moment before leaving; brightly coloured birds that seemed less like birds and much more like small dinosaurs when Dean concentrated on them for long.
Examining her feelings in a way which might have made her old therapist proud of her Ruby realised that the only reason she hadn’t wanted to continue spending time with San because she was having a good time – and since she wasn’t planning on staying, that good time would soon have to end.
you’re both in now. And it’s a good town, doing good things. Anna can finally rest from her endless crusading. She’s laughing again now, have you noticed? And your Dean – he and his brother have just
“It means that when I spend a lot of time with people, it’s when I want to, y’know? So, yeah. I think it suits me. I have a study room at home and everything.”
He took a few steps out and up from the Bunker’s door, quickly confirming that no one seemed to out looking for their newly lost dog. Sam didn’t want to think it, because the bedraggled little mutt reminded him painfully of the dog Rowena had once made of Jack, and because it was sitting so calmly in his arms, but that almost definitely meant this was something bad. Sighing, Sam pulled out the silver knife on his belt. When this garnered only mild interest from the dog, he smiled.
Finally tearing his eyes away from Dean’s before the green pair could lose their panic, Cas got out of the car. He was only a little disappointed that Dean didn’t stop him.
He could easily imagine Chuck sending them something else to love only to watch him kill it. Not that Cas and his feelings would have been included in that scenario. It was always about what his main characters cared about, and Cas had never been one of those, despite several ill-advised attempts to make one of himself.
Dean nodded. They’d talked through the concept of vessels before, and that Cas didn’t believe his own was still alive in there after some other events he preferred not to talk about. It was all fairly messed up in a way that Dean hated to think on. The idea that Cas’s messy hair or piercing eyes weren’t actually
“Oh, uh…” Sam followed her gaze. “Oh, no more for me, thank you, so much. Sometimes Dean sits up and drinks some more with me at this point in the night, but mostly he just forces me into ordering takeout.”
But for all that first day of walking Cas never walked close enough, never caught up enough, to allow Dean to yell at him about being stupid enough to follow him.
The first to come through had its head cleanly swiped off by Dean’s blade, spraying the one behind it in blood. That one was smart enough to lunge at him over its friend’s corpse, but Dean had already grabbed a tall lamp behind them to block its path as he tried to catch his breath.
At Dean’s slow sidelong glance at him, Crowley nodded. To his credit, for once Crowley didn’t seem interested in making a joke of this.
Which was what had always annoyed Cas about him. He never seemed to take anything seriously – especially relationships.
The man smiled. It was a nice smile, but Dean felt like the man thought it was more comforting than it was. It made Dean want to edge away from him.
“I’m a friend now, am I? A minute ago I was a nuisance.” An older man in a wheelchair wheeled in next to Dean.
“…much as you probably won’t be able to see her for months, you should sleep with whoever you want to. She always seemed very… impressive.”
so there was going to be one long flashback-context chapter here but i think i'm splitting it because it kept getting wayyy longer than planned
Then the angel looked right at him, which he didn’t usually do, and Dean had to catch his breath. Fuck, those eyes. Dean felt like they were picking apart his brain, his soul, and though he squirmed under the attention, he couldn’t drag his own eyes away.
His smile widened as Dean frantically took another few steps back, almost tripping up on the rubble at his feet.
Now that his hands were free of the dog, which Cas was now fussing over, smoothing over its little fluffy curls that never sat flat, Dean slapped his hands down on his knees to steady himself.
Dean knew it was true, he could almost remember being attacked, of that moment of relief he’d felt as the venom hit his system. And Sam needed him. That would always be true. And there was no Eileen, no Mom. Sam didn’t have other people to run around with while Dean…
Cas continued to say nothing, and looked away as he picked up the bottle and brought it to his own lips.
They got the kids home safe. The local kid they’d left money to look after Miracle had overfed her again, but Dean would forgive them. His dog looked so damn happy about everything.
Cas nodded very slowly. “Thank you. But I don’t think he’ll ever forgive me. And he’s right, I don’t think we can help him. We’ll never be able to bring him home.”
“No, I was thinking we should go out for something. Breakfast…” he glanced at the window “…or lunch. Brunch?”
“Work is fuming he took that extra day before his holidays were meant to start. It was not a fun day.”
“Is that…” His face went slack into what would have been the most adorable little “O” expression if it was anyone else making it. If it wasn’t the thing that had left Cas first brainwashed, then dead.
Cas took a seat in one of the chairs. It would be a long time until the room came together, but it was getting there. Just a TV and some decorations to get in, and then he could show it off to Sam. He didn’t mind Cas seeing it in its current state, Cas never judged.
“I’m not sure, I don’t speak to him much. And now I’m looking forward to ripping him apart, the way we should have years ago. No more little kingdom under his control.”
“Old Hester hates you for the late-night guitar playing and she still remembers that one time I threw that tiny little party last year.”
“Because…” Cas looked away, back to the warm glow from the camp and realised that he was fighting off tears. Dean was right: he was a monster who had no memory of who he was. But he protected those children like his own. And he acted like he was in control of the conversation even though he’d been tied up. He was still talking like he expected his new “family” to show up at any moment, though it had been over half a day with no sign of them: he still had too much faith in the ones he loved.
It was when he was halfway up the stairs, dog following on the leash behind him, that he turned back, eyes alight again. “Rocky?”
“…And besides. From what Cas said, she was at peace. I don’t know if I could drag her out of that again. Not when there was someone else actually needing help.” He risked a quick smile. “She’d have liked you, you know.”
Dean flung his arms away from him. “We deal with grief all the time! At this point grief is like most of our personalities. Why would this be any different?”
The sessions weren’t as bad as Dean had feared. He didn’t immediately try delving in to the consequences of Dean losing his parents so young, which was an instant win in Dean’s book. That one was easy to diagnose, so he’d already done that for himself several times over – he didn’t need someone explaining why that particular early trauma had made him sad.
For a moment, Dean looked grief-stricken, like Sam had just told him he’d brokered another demon deal. Then he mustered up a smile for Rowena. “My brother tearing you away from your duties, Your Highness?”
Then one day in an astronomy class he’d taken only to fill a schedule, a beautiful boy started sitting next to him. And one Tuesday he asked to borrow a pen.
“Besides,” Dean explained again as he watched, oddly fixated on the sight of the muscles beneath Cas’s rolled up sleeves. “There’s my bad back to think of.” For emphasis, Dean stretched out his arms behind him and almost managed to lose his balance on the headstone he was perching on.
Narrowing his eyes, Dean reached for the first shot of clear liquid the bartender had laid out and downed it. Then he grimaced. “Disgusting, is what it is.”
Dean’s voice softened as he looked up at him. “Sammy, we don’t even know if this place is still standing, never mind if it’s got what I’m looking for. Or what the monsters are like down there. I can’t do it – I can’t worry about you like that. I need to know you’re ok here.”
Later, long after Dean had heard the occupants of the neighboring cages fall asleep, Cas was brought back in, his guards gone and the cage door closed again before Dean even had the chance to sit up.
But Sam was still standing there, staring at her like the most important thing he had to do all day was continue staring at her, as though he was trying his best to commit her to memory. Which was ridiculous and –
“Missed me, huh, girl?” he said, his voice muffled as he spoke into her fur while they bundled her back into the car.
Realising this wasn’t a dream, Dean checked himself over. He hadn’t moved in the bed, and everyone else in the barracks was still asleep. The blood was still warm, and it was all over his hands, his shirt. But he wasn’t wounded.
Dean’s bag thunked down onto their narrow, fold-out kitchen table with a sound that made Cas wince. “Manager has a temperature, we’ve all been sent home. So scooch, this is office work for me now.”
He was definitely Dean’s brother. They shared – or had shared – a rather irreverent sense of humour and a passionate belief in right and wrong. Sam had just learnt to be quieter in his jokes and his feelings.
Swallowing, Cas just about remembered how to string a sentence together. “This is probably not the best way of containing the virus.”
It was strange, Dean thought, that they were having this conversation during the day, surrounded by visitors. It felt like the sort of conversation they needed to hiss back and forth at each other in the middle of the night.
What if they had to have a conversation later in which Dean told him he sucked at this, that this was all a terrible idea? Cas also thought it was a terrible idea, but he wouldn’t now be able to live like this if he was told to abandon it entirely.
Might make some timestamps happen for this later - feel free to prompt away if anyone has suggestions in that direction :)
Sam choked on his hot chocolate. “Baby, Ruby and Uncle Dean don’t actually know each other that well…”
Cas left him lying there, biting his lip raw as he shuffled his shoulders out of Dean’s jacket, and was stunned, again, by the sight of Dean lying naked on their leather couch – something he knew the thought of would have managed to infuriated him only a week of.
The old man eyed him a little suspiciously. “You’re not gonna rob me of everything in my house, are you?”
the group, the pack. And though he might consider following Dean he couldn’t take them all – not with the kids.
The last night he spent alone, Dean found a car to sleep out on top of. It was suicide not to find a more defensible position, but Dean was tired, and maybe especially tired of building defences.
Dean shrugged helplessly, unable to offer anything in his own defense. He’d been chief sound editor on the last two, very popular, games the company had made. And every other day Eileen still managed to catch him out and make him forget that she had no idea whether he was any good at his job.
He’d never seen monsters like these before. The few glimpses he’d gotten of them when they’d first picked up his scent in an abandoned parking lot confirmed that they were humanoid, with glowing purple eyes. Now he also knew that their sense of smell was incredible and that they were
Cas clapped a hand on his friend’s shoulder, suspecting Sam could feel just how insincere he was in saying, “Maybe. Over time.” But then, Cas hadn’t believed they’d find Dean. Maybe Sam’s seemingly naïve faith in making the world better was worth listening to sometimes.
“Believe me, I’ve tried talking to him about it before, but to him it’s like... he lost whatever battles he cares about fighting a hell of a long time ago. Now he’s just… waiting it all out.”
Dean had spent hundreds of nights alone in the bunker, but the sound of his boots hitting the steel stairs had never sounded so loud, or so easily able to trick him into thinking there was another pair of feet coming down beside him.
Maybe she’d feel more into this if she put on some Christmas music in the background and she could montage herself into action…
Dutifully, when they went back through to the kids at the kitchen table, Mary turned her complements towards Sam’s daughter, who was still regarding her carefully. “So I hear you made these cookies, Mary. That’s really cool.”
“What…” Cas said quietly, as he got to his feet. Cas, who was fine and right there beside Dean, walking and talking, not stabbed, not dead.
He would make camp around Dean. If Dean was still awake, sometimes he would run or try and ward Cas off. But mostly he was asleep, or pretending to be, and Cas would stare up at the stars they’d used to name together and wait for morning to arrive, guarding Dean against anything else out there that might be as threatening as they were.
Laughing, Cas sat himself up straighter in the bed. He still had no job, the world was still a mess, his neck ached from sitting strangely and he was still painfully aware that he needed to tidy his room.
Dean forced himself to focus on the speaker, who he could now see was a small, skinny guy maybe around his own age who was laying a comforting hand on his shoulder.
“For Jack,” Dean finished for him, and Cas was relieved to hear no bitterness there in his voice. “And the world – as usual.” There was a little resentment at that, but that seemed fair enough. Dean had never had something good he hadn’t been forced to sacrifice.
got fired by email.” He coughed again. “And now my throat really fucking hurts. Can you?” His hand gestured and reached for the glass on the table.
Sam stepped forwards slowly, loosening his grip on the gun in his hands and letting the strap around his shoulders drop it to his hip. “Dean,” He said again, his voice choking up over the name. “It’s me – it’s us – Dean, we’ve come to take you home.”
Cas could feel Dean still, his heartrate increasing slightly. What could he have said wrong now? Surely there hadn’t been much to
“Just… gimme a sec,” Bobby said, fiddling with the pockets on his shirt, his trousers. He seemed to have at least momentarily given up on the pretence that he didn’t need help, and Dean felt his heart… shift, a little. He would never have to grow up to look after his parents as they got older because neither of them had lived long enough for that. He wondered whether his Dad would have softened in his old age, whether they might have got to meet him, vulnerable, frustrated at being able to do less…
“I’ve been there - a little,” Jack said, smiling almost shyly. “I’ve been trying to increase their numbers – the right way, this time, I think. Heaven’s better. I’ve… I’ve been speaking with Mary a lot. She… she wanted me to say hello.”
“I was just going to say that you seem really young to be owning your own company. I mean that’s incredible.”
response. And because he couldn’t let himself run he froze, letting his mouth curve slowly into a smile. He knew his eyes would be flashing purple and that helped – he wanted Michael reminded that he just wasn’t the same guy he’d screwed with before.
“You know what you’ve still not done for me?” Dean said when they pulled back again, resting back against the headboard.
“We’ll be careful,” Sam said, nodding. “Ok. I’ll head back inside, pick up some supplies, see if I can’t wrangle a vehicle -”
Dean had left Sam alone for a day after that. A few times, Sam had convinced himself that Dean had snuck away to take on the hunt himself, and became almost more worried when he realised he hadn’t.
“And we still don’t have any polish between us.” Dean grinned, and Cas felt such a dangerous warmth inside at the sight that he wanted to curl in on himself to better contain it.
“Not really. I’m enjoying the view,” he said before he could stop himself. By some small miracle, Cas didn’t react to this, but only continued digging. Dean felt some tension he’d been holding start to release. Right. Cas probably didn’t even get what he meant. What he
Still avoiding saving his work just yet, Dean leant back in his seat, risking a more prolongued glance at the pretty glasses dude, who seemed like he might be too preoccupied to notice the attention. He was putting all his books back in his bag with a kind of silent but very obvious panic. Deadlines for everyone, this time of year, Dean thought at him in solidarity. Of course it would be his luck he never saw guys like that when he was out looking for them. Nope. He had to see them in the library in the middle of the night before the deadline.
Cas watched Jack get up and go to bed, leaving him alone to sit up with his thoughts. Jack didn’t go to bed every night, but Cas had noticed that he seemed to appreciate at least some sleep before a big day. And tomorrow, by the sounds of things, would be nothing else.
About thirty minutes later they were sat at Dean’s kitchen table, struggling their way through the charred offerings.
“Yes, but then, so is Ruby.” Cas frowned again. “I’ve never known her to take a holiday before though…”
Now he’d lived, and died – more than once - Jack knew that wasn’t true. It was the same delusion that every child needed to have, that nothing in the big, bad world was stronger than the fierceness of their parent’s love for them. Jack wasn’t a new child anymore. He knew that in most ways you could categorise it that he was and is much stronger than Castiel.
There were too many ghosts or elephants around in the room to navigate a real conversation safely, but they did talk, and eventually Dean was able to raise his head.
“Scenario?” Dean grinned. “What, one of us is the studious lounger, the other one could coax them out of their book…”
“My mother kept an apartment in Paris. But it doesn’t count, I never saw it,” Cas insisted as Dean started to snigger into his lap.
Ruby sighed and crossed her arms, finally remembering that she was supposed to be annoyed with this guy. “Cool. Well, Dean’s in California. I’m Ruby - hi, by the way. I live in California. Usually. We met online and decided to swap houses. Apparently that’s a thing.”
Cas froze, but he looked genuinely surprised before his face hardened, shutting Sam out. “I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he said eventually. “I’m going to check on the children, because Dean asked me to, and because he… because he told me to leave him alone for now.” He wiped a hand roughly over his eyes. “Feel free to ask him whatever you need to know. He’s done answering any questions from me.”
Cas had, by this point, forgotten exactly how many freckles Dean had had on his face. If he saw him again, he wasn’t sure he’d know that he’d changed.
They were on him now, and one in particular had him up against the wall, twisting his wrist until he dropped his blade. Dean grinned, wondering as a steely hand pushed his head back if he’d get a chance to headbutt his attacker before he met his end.
As he closed his eyes, taking one more gasping breath, Dean was just able to notice that the force holding him there was pushed away as Michael was forced off his feet. And that whatever had done was now
“We need to keep this strictly work. It’s a one-time thing, unless we talk about it first. with pre-discussed scripting.”
“You don’t cook for yourself even though you can.” Cas smiled, a little nervous. They had never really Done compliments. “You cook to look after people.”
“Listen To Us And Leave Him Behind,” Cas ordered. Because it was an order, when he spoke like this, when he allowed himself to be like this. His people had seen the beginning of the world and been its end. They might meet mortal ends, but they were not animals, not really creatures of earth. Those that were would have to listen to him, would have to Obey…
Hating to admit his reluctance, Cas picked up the remote. As he moved to set it down again, Dean caught his wrist in an attempt to take it from him. It felt like his skin was burning, pleasantly, from the touch, and Cas knew that Dean’s fever was gone, so it wasn’t that.
Cas walked back and saw that Dean’s well-photographed foot was bare and hooked over the back of the couch.
Privately, Dean thought that was absolutely what they could do. No one had to get hurt, and whenever it all blew over, Cas could come back and find him. The moment they went out there he knew it was all going to be real, and he was going to be surrounded by real people he wouldn’t be able to help.
Tired enough from his run, his hunt, and probably the yelling, Dean slept easy despite the cold. But he woke up to warmth. It was still dark, the rain had stopped, and there was a jacket draped over his shoulders and a fire crackling a handful of feet from his knees. And Cas was there on the other side of the fire, watching him.
Cas was quicker at digging than Dean had ever been. The ghost made no additional appearance, though Cas said he could feel it passing on, somewhere, as the flames overtook the body in the coffin.
“Cas, we have to. You haven’t seen what it’s like out there! These things that were set off – they’ve set off plagues, natural disasters – Cas they’ve created monsters, and humanity’s been almost destroyed -”
An hour later when Dean was regretting how much he’d eaten and his head felt like it was being stabbed in two separate places he wasn’t feeling so sure. Especially when Sam started getting thoughtful.
It was guilt more than hope which had carried him this far. Guilt, and a lack of interest in anything waiting back home for him.
Roughly wiping his face again, Sam grinned and got to his feet. “I’m not sure. I guess he’s fully powered up again now – he’ll be hard to keep track of again.” He offered a hand down to Dean. “But he’ll be along I guess – he always is. I’m just glad he was this time.”
“Hmm. Your fever’s gone,” Dean was informed, from a voice that sounded too deep to be coming from the speaker.
Dean raised a finger, looking like he was trying to give Cas a lecture. “Maybe I want you to care. Would that kill you? Just for once, to give a shit?”
They didn’t talk much on the drive home. Sam broke first, sometime after the third cassette tape, which was a sign in and of itself. Dean rarely showed how badly he needed comfort or control over his life – the cassettes meant something.
might be appropriate in this situation. If it was someone else, another friend… But Dean had never been a friend, exactly. That had been both the draw and drawback to living with him. So they didn’t hug, and they definitely didn’t arm-pat. It was exactly the kind of easily misinterpretable intimacy that was too dangerous in an apartment this small, and with a roommate who would famously flirt with anything.
you – with your “guests” in the mornings. It doesn’t make me feel confident about the sex when I’m not even sure that you can handle the most basic of foreplay, I’m sorry, Dean.” It might have started out as lame excuse, but Cas was starting to very much enjoy the depth at which Dean seemed to be taking this fully to heart.
Dean had started to regret his big impulsive idea before the plane had even taken off. Or, more precisely,
Cas stopped his digging, looking that perfect mix of annoyed-but-fond Dean hadn’t even realised he’d been aiming for. “You don’t have a bad back.”
She hadn’t been with a guy in almost a decade, and that was mostly because, in her experience, they just didn’t try to be as good as the girls. It just wasn’t usually worth the effort.
“The American gentlemen sure scrub up well,” said a teasing voice beside Dean, cutting him off before he had the chance to come up with anything better.
The colleague gave an unexpected bark of laughter. “Hardly. No, I am family to her ex though. So, Ruby begged me to come over and take back Lilith’s stuff for her. But of course, when I do…”
“The one I’ve got back home suits me better,” she admitted, stopping when she noticed Sam’s raised eyebrows. He was making fun of her, but quietly, fondly – not like when Lilith would have put her down with a glare and Ruby would have to think of a comeback to not be left the hapless idiot at the party or whatever public place Lilith had chosen to unleash her wit.
Dean stared at the message for about a minute, forcing his body to keep on breathing, forcing his fingers not to click on the ‘call’ button like they were itching to.
“So… you don’t remember.” Sam wasn’t sure if he was disappointed or relieved. It would probably feel worse to know that Dean knew who he was but had still tried to attack him, surely.
For a week they continued on like that, unchanging in their new little routine. Cas would catch up to Dean when Dean stopped to rest, usually becoming aware of his location when Dean stopped to hunt. Most of the time, up in these hills, Dean was going after animals, but sometimes Cas would come across the remains of Dean’s kills and see clothes left behind along with the bones. Once, there was a good pair of boots in Cas’s size left behind, so he changed before continuing after Dean. They were only a little damp.
Dean had always used to love the office Christmas parties. It inevitably provided pre-paid alcohol, and a bunch of desperate singles from different floors looking for a last chance of a hook-up before they went home to the whole family to be grilled on their lack of love life.
Dean stopped the car just after he drove out of town to scratch at his lower back which had been driving him crazy since he’d left the motel. It wasn’t the only place he was itching either, and he was coming down with a killer headache. Maybe this latest in a long line of rank hotels had him coming down with something. Or maybe the creep he’d made the deal with had decided that’d be funny for the price he paid to be some kind of disgusting rash.
“But I was lying. I did love you then. Just like I love you now. And like I always will. I don’t think I get a choice in that. So. You deserved to hear that from me. Even if you don’t care. Even if you don’t remember who I am. You deserved to know.”
Taking his friend’s intensely given advice, Cas got himself dressed to go into the kitchen for his breakfast. He’d never worried about how he looked in front of Dean before, but today was different. With the nights finally getting warmer he hadn’t slept in a shirt, and currently just had a robe thrown on which all felt a little… much. Or less. But putting on clothes felt like a statement in and of itself. Everything but jeans seemed to need a wash, and after all this time at home jeans suddenly felt like he was dressing up. And he wasn’t trying to dress up for Dean. He just didn’t want to look
Cas’s guess about the previous owner’s mountaineering ambitions seemed correct, and he found himself several working maps over the night that could get them out of the area easier than they’d have managed alone. Though, alone was no longer the same now that they were working and walking together. They didn’t always talk, and at least once a day Dean’s face would twitch and go a little blank and Cas would know he was about to make chase after something. Every time, Cas would give him an unnecessary nod of permission and Dean would dash away. Cas would keep walking and Dean would usually find him after a few hours, sometimes bringing something back for Cas to cook for himself later. Dean didn’t speak to him for a whole evening when Cas dared to compare the behaviour to that of his childhood cat.
After making an attempt at raising a hand in a wave and finding that his hands and claws wouldn’t obey him, he tried to yell out something about how ‘Demon of Dakota’ wasn’t smart or accurate, but all that was able to come out of his mouth was a strangled growling sound.
Dean said nothing, feeling the warmth of the fire lulling him back into sleep. He wanted to say that he wished this didn’t feel more normal, more right than anything had in longer than he could remember. But he didn’t trust himself to put it to words the right way, and part of him wasn’t ready to stop holding things back from Cas. Not yet, at least.
“Don’t worry, you’ll be dead before they realise there’s anything amiss,” he continued, stepping forwards. Dean hastily moved back, keeping his knees bent, his body low.
“You’re welcome. But look, man if you still need a place to crash, you didn’t know it was me here so if you’re wanting to stay on the couch tonight, I am not gonna bother you. I’m just -”
In the evenings, he would sometimes attend the gatherings of his own people which Michael had started to put together. He’d known them all his whole life, but found these ones, handpicked by Michael to join them in their rebuilding efforts, to be more progressive in thought than he’d ever known any angel bar Anna to be. They were all so adrift without the certainty of The End to guide them, and that became exciting. Even Michael started setting himself up with regular work as a counsellor, and, though Cas would never forget the sight of his knife slashing through those throats, Cas did begin to hope that his brother was changing too. Cas himself became engrossed in projects he’d never considered before, and quickly found himself the compound expert in identifying monster species.
“Oh, teenagers. That was a fun way to start high school – because high school here is everything after age eleven.”
His errand took a lot longer than Sam had thought it would, so he’d been almost a full day away from the bunker when he rushed back in.
For some reason, Dean watched the flames and thought about tearing curtains apart in his hands. It didn’t feel good to think on, so he did his best to stop.
“So…” Dean started dragging his fork in circles around his clean bowl. “I know we’ve not exactly talked about it yet, but in the spirit of your
“Like the new look?” he asked spreading his arms wide as he slowly got to his feet, frantically thinking through his options. He still didn’t understand much of what Cas and his family were supposed to be, and had avoided learning any more. But he had spent time with Cas and he knew some things. The whole lightning wings thing had been too obvious to miss, but Cas also seemed to be physically too strong to move or hurt.
to be let through with a fervour which would have been heart-breaking if Dean wasn’t feeling so fucking drained.
“I wasn’t sure. Actually kinda thought you might not be into people. Like – like you were ace or something, not a dick, I mean.”
It was difficult to get into a rhythm when he was concentrating so hard in keeping Dean’s legs up and on not falling off the couch, but Dean was working hard to help him as much as possible, so he wasn’t forced into doing all the work.
Dean ran his fingers along some of them as he ran out of the room and into a kitchen. Well, calling it a kitchen was doing the thing a disservice. It was a fucking superkitchen at least three times the size of Dean’s (which admittedly wasn’t hard) and just like everything else it was all Dean’s for two weeks.
It was difficult to make out his expression, but it seemed like Dean might be feeling uncomfortable. “Then how come you’re here? We knew each other, right?”
“I knew I had to want it to work. But I didn’t. I didn’t want to be enough. I didn’t want that put on me.” He slapped a hand down on the end of the bed, gripping the sheets for support. “Was it that easy to make him happy the whole time? Was I keeping him from that just by being a dick?”
They nodded at each other and stood up slowly. The sun still wasn’t fully up yet. There was a lot out in the darkness that none of them wanted to see. The books had been consistently right about that part.
She picked up a cheap Christmas hamper and a bottle of red wine so that this looked planned out and not a desperate last-minute thought and after thinking it through, she parked down the street. Nosy neighbours seemed like a sensible thing to avoid.
Dean blinked and registered a hand offered down to him. And it wasn’t a hand he could consider eating.
As though hearing and judging the messy swirl of thoughts in Dean’s brain the other man continued to smile and stood up, offering Dean a hand.
Still careful, because now more than ever he was reminded of what an unpredictable creature Dean had become, Cas wandered in and set his bag and then himself down at the kitchen table he suspected Dean had just dusted. “Why, what is there?” he asked, doing his best to match the tone set.
Suspicious, Dean took the offered mutated hand in his own. “Bela. You’re the one Victor was chasing back in the day.”
When his parents had died, before they’d ended up with Bobby, Dean could remember how the social workers used to talk about him. “He’s managed so well” he’d heard one of them say to another once. It had become something about himself he could count on – whatever happened, he’d be able to manage. Dean hadn’t thought he could make it through college, but he’d managed. The world had ended, and Dean had managed. They’d lost Bobby, and Dean had managed. They’d reintegrated to some new kind of society and Dean had managed.
“So do you,” Sam bit back as he tossed over a beer which Dean weighed up in his hand for a few moments before opening it with his keys.
Sam spent another hour or so making sure someone was on their way to find something live to hunt for Dean to feed on, making sure that no one was about to mutiny over the unexpected direction their scientific expedition had taken over the last few days, and making sure the people most needing sleep were going to finally get it. Except for himself, but he’d get to that. He knew where Cas kept his coffee supply, and since he wasn’t currently begging to know where Cas had got the power to turn himself into a living lightning rod he figured Cas owed him one.
“Hold on,” Cas mumbled, reaching his arms forward and around Dean’s waist to pull his hips forwards and up so that Dean’s knees were laid over the chair arm that Cas had just been sitting on.
Sam and Cas were both sitting at the kitchen bar watching Dean cook, and mercifully not commenting on the game of fetch - though Dean suspected they were just waiting for Dean to broach the subject himself. (The spoon was almost
Dean put down the phone, and Cas thought he’d gotten better at understanding his roommate but he still just didn’t know how to interpret the look in his eye. Or, Cas didn’t dare to hope he knew what that look meant. “But
It wasn’t all that long a walk home, but Dean hadn’t remembered anything to listen to music with, so he was a little relieved when he saw Sam was calling him. The road he was following felt too quiet, somehow.
“In a good way,” Dean assure him, and craned his neck up, wordlessly begging. Cas didn’t lean back down this time, but slowly started unbuttoning Dean’s shirt.
“Demons? You heard Bobby’s rant last time Dad brought that up. Nine out of ten times someone tries calling him about something they think is a demon -”
He blanked. He should have a name to supply for that. He would have been able to only a day ago, he was sure. But he was so removed from that person now – why should he keep anything that belonged to that guy? He hadn’t had a family to stand beside him then. He’d never eaten meat while blood still ran hot through it.
Cas had to laugh. “Michael, you’re very lucky Anna and I didn’t kill you along with Lucifer. And you’re pushing yourself out on perilously thin ice here.”
Bobby had pushed him into it. He’d been happy enough working Bobby’s autoshop with him and letting Sam be the one to bury himself in books, but apparently he shouldn’t be “wasting his potential”. Dean always suspected Bobby just wanted him to get out of the house, out of his liquor cabinet and meeting more people his own age more than he had any faith in Dean’s academic abilities. But he went. Learned something more about mechanics, took a few courses on astronomy, and ended up enjoying the whole experience about ten times more than he’d thought he would.
“I know you’ve been listening as we’ve been marching,” Sam tried again. “Do you know who I am to you?”
Dean shrugged from his sunny perch on their kitchen counter, the midday light framing him like a halo. “’S’expensive.”
Dean didn’t want to say it. Every time he said the word aloud it cut him even worse than the memories did. Like admitting it was some kind of small, new betrayal.
“Uh-huh?” Dean put down his book and tried to ask nonchalant as he heard his brother slowly set down his heavy bag of books on the floor.
Dean had thought he’d known most everything supernatural there was out there, that even if there was something he hadn’t seen before it wouldn’t shock him. He’d been so stupidly, amazingly wrong.
But Sam had been worth the effort. Sam had been worth the effort several times over. And now he and his dimples and his shockingly sculpted abs had left her alone. Which was what she’d wanted. Obviously.
Cas snorted softly. “No, I didn’t. I just. They wanted to hurt you and I… I snapped. You had it right before. At least you kill to survive. I’m just -”
But now he was smaller than he had ever been and Cas was staring at him, starting to smile the way Jack had only seen him do for him. It was a Fatherly Smile, and it was painful to look at, but impossible, now, too look away from.
There was such an odd tone in Dean’s voice as he said those words… If he didn’t remember his old life at all then why did it sound like there was so much hard feelings buried there?
But then, he reminded himself as he watched Dean plate him up a pile of pancakes, fatigue was also a general symptom of depression, so who was to say where this particular bout was coming from. Also, as Dean had remarked, he really wasn’t a morning person.
“When Anna told me about where you’d come from, I was like…” Dean mimed his head exploding. “I had no idea how many places like that were still going. Couldn’t believe these sons of bitches hadn’t been arrested yet.”
“But…” Sam’s dimples twitched as he stood up and looked down at them both, jaw clenching and unclenching rapidly.
Sitting up, Ruby groaned at the slight ache of her head. She’d need to get moving if she ever wanted to get those flights booked and transport to the plane of course and…
“…yes. That.” Cas shook his head, hating that Dean was still looking at him like that. “I just – I hated my early life as soon as I understood what it was, but I was loved. And there was… there was always touching – and I know that sounds weird, but I just mean that leaving that behind I had to learn to live without everyone I lived with being so tactile. It had been years later when we met but you still thought I was weird, remember?”
Dean knew Eileen was going to mean something the first time he heard his brother say her name, like it was something precious, something to savour. The woman he worked with who made fun of him and his poor recollection of his college ASL course. The woman who’d finally agreed to go on what passed as a date in the new world.
From his position in the corridor, Sam couldn’t be sure if the sound his brother made next was a laugh or a sob. “Yeah, well he wasn’t always known for making smart decisions.”
Sam’s face twitched suspiciously. “Y’know. Maybe you should do something else with Cas sometime. More than just hunts and movie nights.”
“No. I mean – yeah, Heaven. But no Jack. I think I saw Bobby though.” Dean swallowed, doing his best to keep his voice casual. “He said Cas is helping with everything up there.”
“He kept on coming back to our Dad with new research he’d found – every other freakin’ day for a while. Telling us how dogs were supposed to be great for seeing ghosts, or recognising curses. How he’d get it trained up to help us out in fights.” He shook his head and leaned down to scratch at the dog’s belly. “I’d love to see him try that with this one.”
So, Benny and the others would return to the group, and Dean would keep walking. But Dean wasn’t going to let Benny leave again without giving him a real goodbye. Even if Sam or Cas – hell, especially Cas – were looking, Dean didn’t care. He still hadn’t quite figured out who he was or what he felt but Benny was still more solid, more real, than anything else in the world. His lips still tasted metallic from the blood he must have feasted on earlier and Dean wasn’t so changed that that wasn’t still a comfort.
Eventually, Cas nodded, and he took out his knife. A moment later, Dean hands were curled viciously around the soft fur, and his jaws were clamped around its neck with obvious relish.
“You’ll be alright out here?” Sam gestured at the building they’d stopped next to. It might have been a school, once. Dean sat down by what remained of the front gates.
Cas left for college, far away from his family, feeling angry at the whole world, and even more angry about his family’s place in it, but angry at Anna too for rejecting it, or maybe for not taking him with her. He knew that there were people like them all over the world – people his own age and species who would understand him exactly, but he didn’t want to seek them out. He didn’t know what he wanted, but he decided to push himself towards medicine, because then he would have the knowledge as well the power to help people in trouble. But he didn’t go to parties, he didn’t bond with any of his new classmates. He sat reading in libraries all night, untroubled by the human need to sleep, and wondered what books would be saved at the end of all things, and who would make those decisions.
After scanning perfunctorily back through her memories – when did we get back, how did we get back, why did I ask him home, did we sleep together,
“You know,” Dean said, still mesmerised by the sight of their fingers entwined, “none of this is convincing me this isn’t fake.”
Smashing his way into an old grocery store, Dean wandered towards its back room and locked the door behind him. It went back only about the length of him, and everything seemed to have been left neatly, like the owner had thought the room would be inspected before they came back. As Dean sat down, the spinny chair gave a terrible creak and released a cloud of dust into the air. Dean coughed, thinking that there were surely worse places to meet his end.
Sam wished again that he had the ability back to tell what his brother was thinking with only a glance. Since Anna had went over to speak to him his face had become even more guarded than usual.
Dean woke up feeling like his skin was being flayed off him. Gasping for air as he sat up, Dean registered that his jaw felt strangely heavy, but he ignored that, and managed to hobble his way into the bathroom and lock the door.
“…I guess I can make you something.” Dean hadn’t seemed interested in food for almost a day, so this was a good sign, but Cas was nervous about introducing him to his cooking. “Do you want a sandwich?”
months? I wished for a bed for a night that wouldn’t come with any unwanted advances when this weird little man found me on a park bench.”
familiar longing had started back the moment Cas had woken him up to himself again – or maybe even before that. The way Cas had stared at him… even knowing nothing about who they were, who he was, Dean had known it didn’t mean the same as the way Sam was looking. He hadn’t been blind then, and he definitely wasn’t now. But though Dean was coming around to his own position as one more monster in a world full of them, he wasn’t ready yet to have Cas seeing him like that.
They’d been in Bobby’s attic, thinking they’d be alone in the house for hours when Bobby yelled out that he was home. The door to the attic had been locked behind them, but in his blind panic at hearing Bobby’s voice Dean did his best to prop himself up on his elbows, ready to call out a lie, in a voice that didn’t sound like he was in the middle of receiving the best blow job of his life –
Dean grunted and narrowed his eyes. For the principle of the thing he felt like he should be running again. But he was still tired and it didn’t seem like there was a whole lot of point in expecting Cas not to follow him.
It was a general hunger for blood, for flesh, while it was still warm. Animals would do, but they weren’t good enough. Other monsters would do. Humans were the best. Sometime during that first day of meeting a few of his new family and learning how to hunt without the need for weapons, of impressing them, he started thinking of humans as other. But he didn’t examine it much. He was what he was right now. That was hungry, and then it wasn’t. And then the one who’d saved him, made him, the one called Benny – he clapped a hand down on his shoulder as the sun started rising and he knew it had been a long time since he’d felt this at peace.
at it.” Dean gestured wildly at the house in front of them in front of them through the car windshield still not daring to move out of the car.”
…faith that hadn’t been misplaced. Less than a week after that odd delivery they’d had their first filming attempt.
Before walking back into the room he checked his phone again. Still a big load of nothing from their Dad.
Despite feeling tired of accidentally standing in as Dean’s secretary, Ruby was enjoying watching this man grow more and more flustered on her temporary doorstep, so decided to continue indulging him. “I’m supposed to be here for two weeks, so… so is he.”
Dean was frozen to his spot, like he was terrified of the ramifications people actually believing him were going to have.
Cas sighed, trying to pretend that Dean’s expression hadn’t already succeeded in charming him. “I guess there couldn’t be any harm in a practice run, to try and figure out the
“Sometimes it’s hard to come back and fix things if you feel like you’ve broken them. But you’re not in this alone.” His eyes were brimming with a very human amount of hope. “And I see you, Jack.”
Dean coughed. “I mean, I basically just got here and have no idea where any of Ruby’s ex’s stuff might be hiding… but like you’d be welcome to have a root around.”
It was Dean speaking but it wasn’t quite Dean’s voice. It was Dean having gargled gravel and his eyes still weren’t sparking with any recognition when he looked over at Sam.
Dean stumbled and stopped his approach, arms outstretched towards Michael’s waist ready topple him over because he’d noticed before Michael the thunderclap that had just boomed out behind him, and the red haired woman with shining eyes who’d appeared there. Wordlessly, with her wings of lightning rising behind her, the woman – Anna, surely this had to be Anna – forced Michael down in a vicious chokehold before he could say anything or even turn to acknowledge her.
One thing Dean had always liked about compound life was that there weren’t any cops. But this also meant that the rare serious crimes that rocked the place became even more everybody’s business.
Taking a long breath out and half-convinced that this was a dream after all, Dean took a shaky step out of bed, and wandered out to the communal showers. He was so concerned with checking his face for blood in the mirror that he almost tripped over the body.
Eventually he growled. It was amazing, really. After Cas’s terrifying light show which still hadn’t been given an explanation all eyes in the camp were on Dean.
.” Dean stuffed his mouth full, balancing his plate dangerously on his crossed legs. “Quit whining already – eat.”
Cas couldn’t remember the last words his father had said to him. He would always remember that before she died, his mother had kissed him on the forehead, smiling, and told him that she loved him and that she was doing this for him, and for the whole world.
Cas shook his head and walked around the bar, sad excuse for a coffee in hand. The water connected up to the machines just didn’t taste right. “Sometimes I remember how much I missed you, and then I’m happy I don’t have to anymore.”
“Ok, so turn-ons,” Dean said, seeming determined to move the conversation back to lighter topics. “Lemme guess: you tried the whipped cream thing once and it didn’t work out.”
Dean stopped driving by a beach that was very like the one they’d left Chuck on. Absently, Dean wondered if Chuck would ever make it to heaven, if that was something he’d already done, somewhere in all of this time that had apparently passed.
Cas shook his head, biting down on his lip. “No, Dean, it was your idea and I think you’ve got this covered.”
motion with his hand Cas immediately obliged. Popping the cork with his teeth, his eyes still on Cas, Dean took a long swig. “I could be a wine guy,” he said after a pause.
Dean looked even more red in the face than that now, which was bizarre, really. He’d never been shy about his sex life, to an almost aggravating degree.
“Look, I looked into those sites she was talking about. The ones that pay for home videos of people getting themselves off.”
Michael had been terrifying, in an unstoppable psycho in a slasher movie kinda way. But Anna was more like a warrior, and she didn’t hesitate as she dragged him down until his back bent and cracked as she nodded at –
that Sam felt every morning he woke up to Eileen, somehow alive and in his bed, already awake and smiling at him.
Cas gave another of his almost smiles at that and kept moving forwards to the kitchen. “A few years, on and off. I’m the go-to composer for most of a director’s music, who also favours Ruby as her trailer director.”
Was this all still some kind of joke to Cas? Surely if he wasn’t just here to get on Dean’s last nerve then he’d pick up his pace enough to look him in the eye…
He sighed. He wondered for the millionth time when his Dad had found out what he did about Sam, about how much that might have changed how he looked at him, how he treated him. About whether that knowledge had ever given him the right.
Cas smiled, continuing to lazily stroke circles into the crook of Dean’s neck. “Well, some people stopping working.”
Despite his reservations, Cas found that their creation was as tasty as the desperation it had been requested with would suggest. “So when did you come up with this?”
Sam had even less idea of what Cas was or what was driving him, but he decided that he trusted him more than ever. With that in mind, he addressed the staring group gathering back towards him as Cas picked Dean up effortlessly in his arms and started to carry him away.
Because the house was on the sea like her grandma’s home had been and Ruby had, for once, for a moment, let her emotions run away with her.
“Uh… yeah,” Dean started feeling less sure of himself as he turned the radio up. “So… you met Bobby.”
“How’s your face doing?” Dean asked, as he sat down across from his brother with a beer, watching Sam’s fingers flutter to his jawline.
“I can see you care,” Dean pressed on, almost sounding sympathetic now, though Cas suspected it was an act. “But why do you feel so
Cas went quiet after that. The rage and grief he felt was too exhausting to bear, so he stopped bearing it. He was allowed to roam freely around his own room, which Michael kept specifically guarded and warded to prevent him from ever leaving. He ate what food was passed to him, and he tried not to look out the window, or watch the news. The twins, Michael and Lucifer – named for the original archangels – visited him often and gave him updates he didn’t want, both of them certain he would come around eventually. With both parents gone, Anna still missing, and their people scattering, they were both in their own way determined to see Cas embrace them and their way of life like he once had.
“Yeah.” Dean forced a grim smile. “Mostly, I want to eat you, and I don’t wanna eat him. It’d be like eating… marble.”
“Ha.” Dean seemed on the verge of insulting Cas for suggesting it, before realising that Cas might be serious. “Nah. And I need to get back to work, crap.”
And then his father had died, an awful, human death. A stroke. If any of the family had known it was coming, they would have been able to heal it away, but despite all of their supposed divine prescience none of them had been able to.
“You know what Cas did when the world ended? It wasn’t very inspiring. They wouldn’t have made any movies about it. He sat in his room, Dean, and he did that for
As he stroked a hand down Benny’s cheek, Dean realised with something approaching hysteria that Benny’s stubble had grown enough to become soft again. Who would keep it shaved for him now in the way he liked?
Blinking, Cas set his glass down and clutched at the couch end for support. “What?” He didn’t feel like he could be drunk enough to have lost his grip this badly on the course of the conversation. One moment they’d been discussing Dean getting a dumb text from yet another of his fleeting exes, and the next Dean seemed to be mad at him – or mad at himself?
tried to keep expectations low. She had seen all of two photos of the place she was going, and yes it had looked pretty, and yes it had looked like her grandma’s place, but she hadn’t really believed she’d be getting the full picturesque seaside town experience.
Dean had kept his mouth obediently closed at the time, but now he was alone in the dry outdoors - alone for miles if his nose wasn’t lying to him - nothing stopped him from letting out a shuddered gasp as he came all over his painted fingernails; his bloody hands.
“Yeah, alright,” Dean agreed, to a smile from Cas. To think he’d once thought it was the biggest victory in the world just to make the angel’s lips twitch every now and then. Now Cas lived in his home and smiled at the slightest thing. It was… nice.
But then, this wasn’t Sam’s first experience there, so maybe Dean couldn’t blame him for wanting to buy into it. But Cas was being
“Yes. Your brother is Lucifer’s vessel. If and when Lucifer is released, it will be Sam he comes for, whose body he uses to bring Hell on Earth.”
“You’re so beautiful like this,” Cas said, and then realised that he’d said this aloud, and, worse, that he’d meant it.
It was good. It was dangerously good, and Cas felt the anxiety over that welling up in his chest, and knew then that this probably wasn’t even going to work. Fear over it actually working was always going to get in the way.
But then, of course, the world had to go and end. Not with a bang, but with… several bangs. Or, several disasters that at first seemed tragic, and big news, in a far-off kind of a way, but ultimately pretty unrelated. Tsunamis, earthquakes, freak lightening storms. Then weirder shit. Satellites suffering technical failures, illnesses flooding hospitals. And stories started coming in about people
They’d stopped now outside of a small cabin that overlooked the beach. It felt familiar, in the same way most of this new Heaven did. Not out of a memory but probably somewhere out of real life that Dean had seen.
And Dean decided he was done dipping his feet, he was done savoring. He closed the distance left between them and Cas’s mouth with his own and after everything it was easy, there at the end. There was nothing difficult about it. But then there wouldn’t be, would there?
But Dean didn’t let him flee, and he didn’t let things get weird. He clung onto Cas’s back, stroking circles around his vertebrae, and stared right into his eyes. Not sure how to look away, Cas leaned in towards him, getting dangerously close to the wet patch over Dean’s torso.
The minutes of his last precious hour seemed to have slipped away more dramatically, and he still needed about another half a page of writing. And then he needed to edit his fucking footnotes… 1:15… 1:30 and he and cute guy became the only ones left on their floor, which made it even
“I’m surprised you never wanted a pet. Growing up,” Cas said eventually as he pretended to focus on the tabs open on the screen.
Cas had actually considered this. There was something intelligent and almost familiar about the dog’s energy, but he wasn’t sure of how to say that without Dean making fun of him. He was certain that the dog wasn’t evil, and though that maybe wasn’t enough the thought of having something around to look after again was an enticing one.
“She still steals things,” Victor said dully. “Lets everyone admire her, and then she leaves with their jewelry. The carnival leaves town before anyone’s ever the wiser.”
. He lived hours away, and the internet access in the flat he shared with his brother was down… But he still hadn’t finished his goddamn conclusion never mind started straightening up his citation-things. And looking over -because he could admit now that the work was a lost cause, so what was the harm in looking? – and the cute glasses dude seemed to be in a similar state of freak-out.
The man who, four years ago, Dean had thought was the love of his life, who’d been the person who’d inspired him into finally coming out to his brother, was marrying someone else. And... Dean wasn’t ok with that, not yet, but surely this was a good thing in the long run, and…
“You’ve got a life here. Don’t throw it away for me.” Dean risked a smile. “’Sides. You’d never be able to keep up.”
He meant to ask if his audience had any requests, but then he remembered that Dean apparently liked how much of a bitch he was, and realised that could be his in for something extremely sappy.
Cas laughed and Dean felt like his heart could burst out of his chest just from looking at him. Laughter looked like it came easily to this new new new version of his angel – his –
Charlie leant back on her chair, appearing troubled. “Christmas is… next week. You knew that, right?”
Dean made himself believe that this was all like some dumbass zombie flick and that none of them remembered who they used to be anymore. Because otherwise that would make him a mass-murderer. He might be alone with only his brother with no Bobby, no Cas, no land he recognised, but he had to believe he was still something like a good guy.
Dean looked like he wasn’t sure whether he wanted to laugh or express sympathy. Cas knew the feeling, he’d had to see himself in the mirror several times that morning and he looked like someone in a bad comedy movie, he just wasn’t sure what the joke would have been. He certainly didn’t look like someone Dean would lean over and kiss.
to hang out with Dean. He’d barely picked up anything for Lilith from the house before leaving, but he’d been keen to pick up all sorts of facts about Dean.
Dean glared, and when he spoke again his voice was gruffer. “Well, we’ll throw him a goddamn party when he gets back. What’d you go out for anyway?”
Then, gleefully, he knocked them all out with a touch, like Cas had for Dean that day that he must have carried him back to the post to tie him up.
Dean was usually a quick reader, but after a long session of drinking he needed to read the email over several times before he was sure of what it was trying to tell him, and then needed a few minutes to remember
When his father had died, Cas had been home, and therefore the first to find the body. For months afterwards, he would feel searing regret that he hadn’t been in the room with him when it had happened. Even if his powers hadn’t been strong enough to hold his father back from death, he knew he would have had to be there to try to know that for sure.
He didn’t feel like his mind, his body, was ready for all the feelings Dean’s return forced on him. He’d never been so happy his whole life.
…But the voice didn’t sound right, so Cas looked up, eyes flicking over the figure more carefully. Different clothes he knew that his Jack didn’t own. And the presence he had, it felt much more powerful, more so even than Jack had been at full strength. More than an archangel.
Dean wanted to leave it alone, to leave it to someone else. But he knew he wasn’t going to forget everything he’d remembered – there was no going back for him, just more stumbling blindly forwards.
Cas was no great connoisseur of whiskey, but after finishing his second glass that evening, he decided he was enjoying this particular bottle which John Winchester must have bestowed them with some years ago. He was also enjoying, shamelessly, considering their issue with it the other day, how close Dean insisted on being to him while drinking it as they continued to ignore the reality show thrown on in the background.
.” He slapped his hands back down on the steering wheel and narrowed his eyes at the timber frames of the house that were half hidden by the trees. “Do you think they have the Blades Room still set up in there?”
“I didn’t think you had,” Sam assured him, thrown, as always, by the almost uncomfortable sincerity in the other man’s face. “But… Cas, you’ve got to know, when you came to me with the proposal for this expedition… obviously I was going to look into you. You turned up out of the blue with university funding and an armed guard ready to go into the same area my brother went missing. It was exactly what I wanted to hear – of course I thought it was too good to be true.”
After checking briefly on the rest of the camp, that they were all either getting some rest, or keeping alert and on guard, Sam started walking up to where Dean was tied up – was hopefully still tied up.
Ruby took his hand, enjoying the weight of it over her own, remembering the way those hands had held her that night they’d met and wondering if she wouldn’t prefer to not go out. “Didn’t take you for a brunch kind of guy.”
Dean tried to swear, to shout something out to Cas, but again all that came out was a guttural sort of roar. He tried his best to walk away as the angel continued his advance towards him, but found that the edge of the stage was as far as he was physically able to move without every muscle in his body seizing up, frozen. He really was going to have to fight.
There was a lot of staring at each other at the start. It was like they’d become shy of each other, like they hadn’t been even before their first kiss, like they were afraid that the other might be too fragile to touch, or might not even be there at all.
he typed off and turned off his phone with a mad grin, then glanced around him as though he was exp0ecting ninja guards to show up out of nowhere and arrest him for his wayward thoughts. Which wasn’t going to be a thing. Obviously. The college couldn’t even afford working fire alarms, he doubted they’d be able to employ ninjas.
Dean finished scraping the edge of the dish with his finger. The food and the painkillers seemed to have greatly increased his lucidity. “Eight, I guess?”
Benny continued to regard Cas carefully, like he was a bomb he expected to go off. Sam sympathised with the concern, but couldn’t find space to worry about that. Whatever he was, Cas was on their side.
Cas sighed. And then he was talked through, in more painstaking detail, how to make a “bacon bits lasagne”.
hadn’t been enough to get Cas feeling happy, what the hell was left to them with Jack still gone and God still out to get the rest of them?
“I’m the head of this family, and I am acting in the interests of preserving this family, and our holy dominion.”
“That is an awful line, and I really, really want you to understand that. But… you weren’t so bad yourself, and look, cards on the table I think I need a rebound. Like,
He shrugged, and she had to take a moment to process the movements of those shoulders. And those arms which had carried her up the cottage steps when she’d complained about walking in heels over the newly formed ice.
Anyway, I'm still not totally sure about how I feel about this fic but it does have a very long playlist which does go very embarrassingly hard for me personally. I also have a maybe timestamp fic for it because I don't know when to stop??
“I really thought he wanted to change,” her voice had rasped, lower than before, through the walkie. “We never should have let him live.”
Smiling, Sam knocked on the door frame, getting at least Dean’s attention, who promptly nudged Eileen.
Dean blinked a few times, feeling like he’d picked up a new concussion no one had told him about. His head wasn’t sore exactly but it felt… fuzzy.
Dean squirmed. “Well yeah. I know it’s back in the day and everything… but it would make some kinda sense, right? Neither ever married, and they really
“…Meeting. Yes.” Charlie managed to catch her eye. “I knew that. Anyway,” she said, giving Cas he full attention once again, “I guess I
He was thousands of miles away from home, from his routine, from his family, his friends… and he felt fucking
Those were not his hands, or at least not the hands he’d had a few hours ago. These hands were red, and not in an inflamed way, in an actual bright santa red way, with a scattering of what looked like snake scales, and fingers that ended in short black claws.
Dean let his eyes scan up and down the figure in rags sitting across from him with his legs crossed in a yoga pose. Though he felt too dazed for skepticism he couldn’t imagine someone looking less like a holy, feathery servant of God.
Scowl deepening, Jack shook his head and looked ahead at the altar. “I don’t know. And I should know. Chuck brought Lucifer back out, and I still don’t know
Dean hauled himself up, and saw that Cas was smiling at him. Around him, he’d managed to sleep through the fairground growing busy on the other side of the cage bars. “Some attempt might have been nice.”
“Right, but if for whatever reason you don’t… I’m meeting with some friends at one of the locals tonight –”
This was fucking nuts. He was running away from his only family at Christmas, getting on a plane, which he’d agreed to do only on only a tiny traumatic handful of times in his life, and going there alone. And because… what, so he could get some warm weather?
Cas looked up again from his lap. “No, much less of that. Much more of a very large very contentious family. I’m sure you’ve experienced similar.”
Cas sat down. It had been hard to decide, after all the strange almost-cuddling over the last few days, where to position himself. In the end, he had decided on keeping to the other end of their small couch, with his feet down so that not even those could touch Dean. He told himself that this mostly had to do with healthy distancing considering Dean’s illness, but he knew it was much more directly a response to Anna and Ruby’s teasing earlier. The sex-tape comment had been bad enough, but as they’d continued the call together, recounting their respective time inside, Cas had started to feel like they were on a dystopic kind of double date.
? What like some music…” He walked around to jump onto Cas’s bed next to him. “Ohhhhhhhhh.” Dean burst out laughing. “Is that we’re calling this?”
Her eyes widened at the sight of him, and as she gave her last gasps Dean wondered if she’d died of fright.
Cas continued digging, and though it was dark Dean could see how confused he was. “What do you mean?”
Cas had been so focused on his mother’s face that he had almost forgotten who had wielded the knife that had slit her throat – but it had, of course, been Michael.
Dean snorted. “Maybe clean up ourselves first? But if you’re so keen I keep the wipes for it under the sink.”
(He remembered hearing himself say “I’m not gonna let you die, period.” He remembered reading a note left in Dean’s writing, “Sammy, let me go.” He remembered begging the Archangel Gabriel for the chance at one more Tuesday, one more Wednesday.)
As he had earlier watching Dean and the children, Sam became more certain than ever that the kind of monster Dean was didn’t always need words to communicate with. Not exactly telekinesis, more in the same way dogs didn’t always need to bark at each other to send out signals. There were signals being sent off between Benny and Dean now that Sam could only guess at the meaning of, but he understood well enough what it meant when Benny finally let his shoulders drop.
Dean shrugged, threatening to dismantle the blanket draped over his shoulders. “That’s ‘cause you usually sleep through the mornings. I always cook breakfast for visitors,” he said, smirking as he shuffled the pan.
“Fascinating,” Dean growled, and flung his handful of dust in Michael’s face. As the angel flinched, Dean rolled away and started running. He might not have creepy angel levels of strength but it didn’t take much effort for him to make it over the fence and start racing towards the old school building, only for him to find Michael there waiting for him, a smirk widening slowly across his handsome face.
“Michael! Castiel’s room, he’s - ” Lucifer yelled from up the stairs, and was held back from continuing down them by the sword Anna now held to his neck. “…here. Good to see you again, sister.”
Dean reached over for the extra pillow and thumped it against Cas’s chest. “Well, I don’t know. You were so quiet when you moved in, it was weird. I barely even saw you the first week or so. And you were so goddamn
Cas froze as Dean pushed himself towards Cas on the couch, and then paused, palms wide and ready to cup Cas’s face. “Y’gonna let me defend my honour here?”
“Everyone has their price, or breaking point,” Cas said quietly. “Mine was when I realised exactly how happy Heaven was to engineer the fight into taking place. To engineer
The words were spoken in a voice that was clipped, and bitter, but Dean didn’t for a moment think that it was lying to him. “Lucifer like Satan Lucifer,” he managed eventually.
Sam made good hot chocolate. He made good hot chocolate and he’d taught his kids a song to sing while they waited for his to cool properly and he made sure that everyone had the same number of marshmallows and when Mary spilt most of her’s he made sure she helped clean it up and then he calmly made her another one.
He still didn’t see anything, which he hated. They were in an empty enough looking park, it wasn’t dark, and there didn’t seem to be anyone there. But the dog was still spooked, so Dean reluctantly slid his headphones down around his neck.
about people so much, so even though he couldn’t trust Cas, he’d still ordered him to check on the children in his charge. Because he was Dean and would never be able to stop caring - just not about Cas. Not anymore.
Despite Dean’s snarled orders, Cas did not leave him alone until Jo arrived with more food to take over his watch. She’d found a dog. Cas did not stay to watch Dean tear it apart.
“Well, no. But that didn’t mean there was nothing I could do. We basically just healed you up and resuscitated you. It wasn’t -”
As this Cas’s smile began to fade into something more grim, Dean heard the words he’d said the other day rattling endlessly through his head –
Wait, no. Not his parents. Someone else had raised him, mostly. That was why he’d always been so sure he had to be the most responsible, the most loveable. He couldn’t get them thrown out…
“Year and half,” said Dean still staring down at his phone. “She’s really going all in again - it’s…weird. Should I text back?”
She fiddled with the buttons for a few moment before she felt two long arms winding around her waist from behind her and Sam put his right hand over her own and switched on the boiled correctly.
Cas smiled faintly. He didn’t mind Anna telling people about his past, it saved him the awkward explanation himself. He’d gotten used to the different reactions he received for the telling of it, but he felt a little guilty for not expecting Dean’s to be quite so mature.
“Hello Sam,” Jack said, suddenly sitting beside him like he’d been there the whole time. And maybe he had been.
He looked sheepish, and was only stumbling a little when he re-emerged, clutching his head like he was afraid his hair was about to fall out. “Hey,” he said, and moved to take his coat off.
thank you everyone reading who has put up with the usual anarchic scheduling and clear lack of beta read. i swear i can proof read i am just so very very rarely in the place for it when i get through writing. so very much love for CoralQueen, whose wonderfully weird prompt ideas i completely fucked with and made even weirder here. anyway probably back to my far fluffier and more irreverent content soon, but morally questionable deancas supremacy!! they're bad people but they are soft for each other and that is neat.
Dean let out a long breath. This was supposed to be a night off, not a night he invented something new to fight.
“-But I went home that summer never intending to return to them again. I was going to come back to you – I wanted nothing more to do with them.”
It wasn’t that Dean wasn’t incredible. It was just that there was no one earth-shattering thing that he did or could do that changed Cas’s world so completely. He was just openly himself, and he wanted to share that with Cas. Cas fell in love when Dean remembered his coffee order, when Dean made him a mixtape up of songs he thought Cas would like, when Cas could hear from the static of Dean’s thoughts how deathly afraid he was when he leaned over to kiss him for the first time. But he’d gone ahead and done it anyway because that was who he was.
The empty hallway led into an almost as bare living room, with only a faded sofa sitting in front of an older model tv. It was sandwiched in by two separate DVD cabinets – one large, with a varied selection, the other dusty and slim, and filled with only horror movies. Very specific horror movies actually…
“Hate not having coffee though. I think I’d kill for a coffee someone else was making me.” He frowned, and sat up a little straighter against the pillows in the bed. “Do you think Dunkin’ Doughnuts is still open? Like for takeaways?”
Dean didn’t jolt awake – he came to slowly, suspiciously. When his eyes stopped moving on Sam’s smiling face they narrowed suspiciously.
“Well, yeah, exactly.” Ruby shrugged. “I guess. I kinda thought I’d be spending Christmas with the ex’s family, and spending it alone somewhere else just sounded less lonely. Does that sound messed up?”
“Ok. We start going back the way we came, and we take them with us. If anything comes after us we make sure we’re ready for them.”
And Dean promised himself he'd get better at it - get practiced at it. But right now they were kissing again and the bed was so close and Dean hadn’t even realised it was possible to be this happy – he understood, now, a little, how this level of happiness had been something Cas had been forced to die for – but this time Cas pulled away. Dean only just managed to stop himself from whining at that.
The light from the rising sun had fought it’s way through the clouds just enough to let Sam know immediately that he recognised this stranger, this monster, this new family of Dean’s.
Still crouching, Dean raised one hand off his knee to slice through the air as he shook his head. “Demon’s not the point.” His hand pointed at the dog. “He’s the point. He exorcised the demon.”
Cas shook his head, certain. “No. This was just the cruellest way he could ensure Dean would never come near me again. He got to know Dean, and he found the worst way to hurt him – to hurt me. Make him believe he was a monster, a killer, and then separate him from everyone – possibly getting himself killed in the process.”
And meanwhile Dean continued coolly staring him down. On either side of him, the children clutched tighter at his arms, heir faces twitching in confusion and fear. Sam doubted they could understand the words being spoken above them.
Cas hadn’t moved far. Instead of standing behind the bar he was now out in the middle of the departure area. And he was surrounded by monsters. With his arms outstretched and his face cold he’d never looked more like a marble statue. There were about six of them, and Dean recognised the type: scales covered their scalps and ran down their spines, that began to ridge and curve. He’d come up against them with Sam once, a lifetime ago, and christened them raptors, not just for the general reptilian vibe but for the long talon like nail they had growing out of their forefingers that looked straight out of
But she did. Because she had things to do, places to go, and sure, maybe this whole episode hadn’t been a mistake exactly, but it had only been a distraction, and she didn’t need any more of those in her life.
No, no way was Dean letting himself get dumped again. That had been bad enough before he’d made himself literally alone in the world.
“Well, sorta. But like, it’s my company. So, if I want to take another job on I will.” She sighed, laughing a little to herself. “Sorry, I know that sounded pathetic. Going home to my job, fuck that’s sad…”
From across the room where he was tightly tied up, his brother, or the monster wearing his brother’s face – it was difficult to be sure yet – stared at him in silence. But they weren’t flaring purple anymore and Sam knew that had to be a good sign.
He could do anything, Dean fought to remind himself as he pulled his phone off charge. He could go on a Hollywood studios tour. He could go see if the tower from
Cas maybe jumped a little quick at the first opportunity when Lilith complained at the big pre-Christmas clan gathering that she regretted not bringing her good hair straighteners back with her. In fact, he agreed so quickly that she actually squinted her eyes at him, briefly drawn out of her own bubble of narcissism long enough to focus on another person.
“I told you, it’s your money.” Dean had been clear about that before – he figured it was safer to keep his ambiguous deal from getting any more complicated.
Rufus turned his attention to Cas, still looking mildly disgusted with them both. “You look familiar.” Dean didn’t have to look to know that Cas was squirming. “And because it happens a lot. Site of a fucking cult classic -”
Ruby waved a hand dismissively. “I remember.” But she hadn’t. Maybe, and god forbid the thought, but Ash was right, and she did need to get away from work.
He wasn’t going to be playing any kind of long game anymore, oh no. He was going to kiss the grumpy bastard full on the mouth the minute he saw him, he was going to introduce him to his family as his boyfriend and he was going to tell him that he loved him.
Cas resisted the urge to thunk his head down on the table. He was starting to understand why Dean was so bad at talking about his feelings. It was a testament to how desperate they were now that Dean still hadn’t completely exploded at the thought of Cas leaving – this was literally the best reaction from him that Cas could hope for and listening to it was still more than he could bear.
“Maybe you should kill people for me more often,” Dean mumbled as he was maneuvered into sitting up enough for Cas to take his shirt up over his head.
Dean stared as he hoisted himself onto a stool of his own. “Ok, I am loving this little dance you’re choreographing, but if you could get to the point sometime this week, that would be -”
me, not to mention all the times you’ve ever beaten me up on stage, I figure you owe me – at least enough to
Ruby felt like she should dance around it some more – that’s what you were supposed to do about the big things like grief and sex and trauma – but that had never been her. She made trailers and they were big and loud and summarised the point. “Yeah.”
Cas was almost ready for sleep when Sam came and found him. Almost, because although he was in clothes he was happy to sleep in and his bedroll was ready and had even had been offered a space in the tent, he wasn’t even remotely tired yet.
“I don’t think he wants to try,” Victor said, as Charlie looked at the floor as she swung sadly from her perch.
As Ruby struggled to remember how to breathe, she thought that even if she did end up leaving the day after arriving here it might not have been a total waste of a trip.
“I love you, and I’m tired of pretending you’re not the best thing I have going on in my life. I want you to meet Sam – I want to meet the rest of your family. I want us to – y’know,
“You didn’t trust me. Right from the start. You could have just told me what you are, what your whole fucking family was, what was going to happen. You could have trusted me later.”
Taking a bite, Cas watched Dean, still grilling himself another bagel. He never put himself first with cooking.
Yeah, Dean supposed that an angel trying to wear a demon body wouldn’t exactly be the Image heaven was looking for. “So… you’re saying that angels are dicks.”
It was maddening. Every time he started to believe that things might be able to go back to something like normal, that he could get over his little fixation, Dean would be there, doing or saying something that was impossible to ignore.
Sam had barely been able to make him pause, but ten minutes alone with Cas, and Dean was letting himself cry the way he’d barely even done when he’d been human.
Thinking it was water, Cas picked it up to pass it to him, before suspiciously giving it a sniff. “Is this
“I know this turned into a whole lot of a failure, but thanks for joining me on it, partner,” Dean said with a smile as they slowed outside Cas’s apartment. For a moment, Cas considered mustering the bravery to invite Dean inside, and wondered if Dean would bring his phone with him if he did.
But now that he was concentrating, Dean could hear other noises. Cas’s music… that might have drawn in visitors…
“Yeah.” Sam’s energy dipped again, apparently bothered again by the bizarre nature of the conversation. His long-lost brother, his only family, tied up in front of him in the middle of a wasteland they’d once made a home of together. His brother who would consider eating him if he released him.
“Don’t give me that.” There was an inviting curl to the edge of Dean’s mouth at that, and for a moment, Cas dared to hope it might become a fully-fledged patented smirk.
Getting back to his feet, Cas looked around for something to wipe his hands on. “You should take your boxers off.”
Cas didn’t smile. It had been fifteen minutes since Sam had left, claiming that he had the perfect plan to bring Cas true happiness. Apparently not believing his brother, Dean had spent all of that time either generating one of the most awkward silences they’d ever shared between them, or coming up with suggestions like… well, that. Cas knew that Dean was floundering, that he was torn between fear of losing him and fear of suggesting something which might actually work but cost them their friendship, but that didn’t stop Cas from finding it frustrating to listen to.
Michael waved a hand, dismissively, and sat himself down in Cas’s favourite armchair. “The one you’ve been seeing so much of lately.”
“You’ve still not slept,” Cas said quietly as he walked towards Sam, who was sitting alone by the camp fire and gave no indication he’d heard the judgement in Cas’s voice.
“No. Something got my Mom, so my Dad started off a new family tradition,” Dean said, and rolled over, wishing sleep was easier to achieve with horns that wouldn’t let you comfortably pass out on your front. “And do you ever sleep?”
Dean looked around his room, hopeful as always, stupid as always. Cas wasn’t coming. It had been months, and even when he’d been fighting Raphael he’d never stayed away so long. He just didn’t want to see Dean. He’d said his piece, he’d died, and maybe he wasn’t even the same Cas anymore. It wasn’t like it would be the first time he’d had a complete change in personality.
Dean put his already clean plate down decidedly onto the coffee table, and reached down to pull his sock off. Then, like he was displaying some kind of trophy, he propped his leg up on the end of the couch, pointed at his feet and declared, “Say hello to the new money-maker.”
She also looked amazing. She’d looked amazing the night before, of course, but now it was obvious that she’d… tried. She was making everyone else in the room seem underdressed and faded, somehow.
Even if this Dean guy wanted to stay camped out in her house for the remainder of the two weeks? Fine. Absolutely fine. She would get a fucking hotel room if she had to –
Sam hadn’t noticed that Cas’s coat was any different, but decided it wouldn’t help to point this out.
Dean heard Sam sigh from the other bed. Sometime during the evening the room had gotten dark and neither of them had bothered switching a light on.
“Look, you weren’t exactly giving me many focus group ideas to work with. I had to give it some kinda name…” He looked up at Cas, tired eyes lighting up fiendishly. “Wanna watch it with me, “Bad Boy”? Get one last pair of editorial eyes to it before it goes live?”
“Hey,” Sam said, hands outstretched as if in anticipation of them lunging at each other like barking dogs, despite Dean again being tightly tied up. “This isn’t getting us anywhere. Cas, knowing,” he waved his hands up higher now, as though gesturing to some greater force there in the room with them, “all this, do you think Dean actually killed anyone back there?”
“I have been fighting for this for a decade, Castiel, I knew what I signed up for. I lost everyone I cared about just to get here.”
But Cas was still looking at him with that soft little curve to his mouth, that warm gleam in his eyes. Like Dean was something he wanted to keep looking at, despite everything.
Jack crept into Dean’s kitchen like he thought he could turn invisible. Hell, maybe he could and he just hadn’t figured that one out yet. Give it time.
“Charlie needed her rest,” Cas explained, not looking up from his coffee press as though he were afraid it would do something dangerous if he stopped.
“…But I’m gonna take a few days. Eileen’s not far away and I said I might help her out with something. She thinks she’s found a vamp nest…”
Cas smirked at his hands as he washed his hands for what felt like the millionth time that morning as he heard Dean grunt an acknowledgement to this. Dean’s fever seemed to have flared up again, but at least he seemed capable of speech.
Which was how, a day after she should have been catching that flight home, Ruby found herself wandering up after the man she had now spent two nights with and slept with once. He seemed to have made it a personal mission to see that she saw the best of his adopted city, and was walking up purposefully away from that shining bay, smiling up at the sun, when Ruby stopped him.
…And by 11pm she was possibly more drunk than she’d allowed herself to get in years (which still, admittedly, pathetically, wasn’t all that drunk. She liked keeping in control of herself.) and she had idly started to look up flights home on her laptop.
“No, I mean the guitar. I stole the community guitar.” Cas pouted, thinking of old gripes. ““Community Guitar”. I was the only one who played it anymore.”
Ruby smiled and gestured at the Tupperware box of gingerbread cookies that had made its way into Sam’s hands. “Well you were hiding a lot of things. But one of them’s that you can cook. And that’s always hot. My ex could screw up toast.”
At least, it hadn’t been. Before they’d slept together and filmed it they were barely even speaking. This was new, in ways that was both exciting, uncomfortable and… frightening. For weeks it had felt like the world outside was unknowable and unpredictable, but now that sense had permeated into what should have been Cas’s sanctuary.
“I don’t like it,” Rufus agreed. “Nothing good nests indoors. It’s always the more dangerous fuckers that get their paws on that kind of shelter.”
“Ah,” he said, checking the old-fashioned timepiece swinging from his pocket. “You’re later than I expected.”
“I know,” Cas said, planting his feet on the stairs so that he blocked her way, “and it should be me that does it. I should be the sacrifice.”
, one of the dozens of movies she’d worked on crafting a cohesive trailer for, and one she could safely say now that she was really watching it that they’d definitely managed to squeeze all the best bits into the trailers. She always disagreed with Charlie on whether that meant that they were cheating in their jobs or whether the movie should have tried a bit harder to make ‘good bits’ in the first place. (Ruby was pretty sure it was the latter.)
“I can’t imagine he’d be much of a threat in any case,” Michael continued as he kept sauntering forwards. “You know all too well he has nothing to fight for, to live for. Really, its kinder to both of you this way. You didn’t deserve him before and now? You’re not even a shadow of who you were, are you?”
“But you remember him?” Sam didn’t even know where to start with the not-human thing yet. Thrilled as he was that Dean was talking to him, he still didn’t fully trust him – just as he didn’t fully trust Cas.
In no part of this fantasy did Dean think about what Cas had been through. Cas was exactly as he had been, and despite living in the middle of a city, he’d somehow escaped seeing and experiencing any and every horror out there.
Dean had thought the old man’s face was as shut down as it could be, but now he was somehow he was able to look even more hostile. “Well, nice try coming out in person, but you’re not getting an interview. I don’t do those anymore.” Moving his hoe towards Dean’s face in a way that
“Oh, I’m happy to help,” Rowena said, leaning down to pat Dean on the cheek. “Anytime. But if I ever call…”
Smiling gratefully, Cas took a halting few steps forward. “Yes, and I wasn’t ready for rejection. I was at peace, I had new purpose.” He swallowed. “I thought you were happy.”
“I’m not going anywhere.” Cas reached for Dean’s arm again. “I never thought we’d find you alive – I came anyway because I couldn’t live not knowing.”
Michael, the last living reason for the nightmare that the world, and more personally, Dean’s whole life had turned into, was dead. And just like Dean had already snidely pointed out so many times over the last few days, that changed absolutely nothing. Dean wasn’t fixed, and neither was the world. But Benny and the others were alive. And Cas –
Ruby turned on her computer, trying to remember how much she’d decided she didn’t care. “We broke up.”
“Not scripting like that, scripting like deciding everything we’re going to do before we do it. Who’s going to do what, and when.”
. She’d flirted shamelessly with Cas as well whenever he’d been around, and she’d always wanted Dean to take her out, so for the few months they’d been together he’d almost never been around.
“The humans needed judged; they needed purged,” Michael asserted, beginning to pace around the device. “But this has very possibly been… too much of a good thing. I think this has been enough of a purge to rebuild – with the right people in charge of progress this time.”
, like that makes it safe to have living in our home where we sleep. In our home that’s full of magic superweapons.”
at this, and that it might take them a long time. That even if they got him, oh man was he going to piss them off first.
Sam. She liked his broad shoulders and his kind eyes and the deep dimples which creased his cheeks when he laughed. But here she was isolating herself from him. Not because she had anything better to be doing, that was for sure.
He banged a fist down on his desk, spooking one of the only other people left on this level, the cute Korean girl in his theology class weirdly, and unfortunately, enough, and stared back bleakly at his screen.
…And now he was eating. Great. It shouldn’t be legal for attractive people to eat powdered donuts in public. Cause then they ended up having to lick their lips, just like
“Ok…” Apparently put off by Dean’s dull tone, Sam left the tent after only one last meaningful glance at Cas.
Sam thought he understood how Dean was feeling, but he only really realised the depth of how worried, in love and broken inside his brother was when he started crying at the sight of the thirty-five guinea pigs Sam had left in their cages by the door.
Rolling his eyes, Cas laid a gentle hand down on Dean’s. “I think thing can’t be so bad that we’ve reverted back to you “buddying” me again.”
since he’d had so little experience in it over the last few years – honestly, he and Crowley becoming each other’s sex fall-backs had started making him lazy. They didn’t flirt – they usually yelled about work some and then invited the other one home.
“I also found some canned shit I think might have actually kept. You feel like guinea pigging this out?” Dean frowned. “You still eat, right?”
Shaking his head at the sight of Crowley’s colourful drink being placed down in front of them, Dean picked up his own drink again. “I’m just glad we got to him while he was still being some tired Rockstar and not like, the President or something.”
She hadn’t been, and still wasn’t, looking for company, she reminded herself. But it never harmed the ego to be looked at nicely, and no one in their right minds was going to be doing that in her direction now. True, dark hair was doing its usual job of hiding the grease, but her
“It’s been a few seasons,” Dean said cautiously. “Have you got enough comfort that I’m happy yet? Can I leave?”
One of them looked to be the kind of stall thing you transported horses in, and the other looked like a large red bird cage, where a girl, almost as red as Dean but feathered wings sprouting from her arms was hanging upside down by her legs. When she noticed Dean, she cocked her head to one side like a real bird, her red hair falling endearingly half over her face.
“What are you calling him?” she stopped to ask when they’d been walking for some ten minutes, not saying much. Sam had thought that a walk with a dog around the local reservoir when she was near town anyway seemed like a safe enough thing to suggest, but it maybe wasn’t safe enough to force normalcy back on them. Sam wasn’t exactly practiced at keeping any kind of relationship long-term, so he probably wouldn’t know.
Hearing Sam speak so openly about how he felt made him ache for more, to be honest with him. Sam told him about how they couldn’t agree on alcohol rations to split for their night out, and Dean wanted to complain about Cas – his boyfriend – and his unbelievable alcohol tolerance and had to stop himself. They didn’t do that – tell people about them.
After studying it hard for almost a minute, Dean began to recognize it as his own face. It was still the same basic bone structure and eye size and colour, but the eyebrows were gone, his whole skin had gone that reddish hue, his ears were pointed and the place where the stabbing pains had come from on his forehead now had horns the size of his hands growing out of them.
Sam breathed out slowly. He had to believe it. He had to believe that his brother was in there somewhere, because if not, he was putting all these people’s lives in danger for nothing. Because a pack of unknown purple-eyed monsters would be coming for them while they were still weeks of trekking away from their own compound and that was all on Sam.
“Well,” Dean continued, in that aggravating voice of reason. “I knew that you seemed familiar to me, and that I didn’t want to harm you. So, family. That sounds right.”
After only thinking about making a meal plan, Cas retreated to his room, and wrote up some notes for a song, but, hating it, ended up napping to an old Ken Burns documentary. He woke up wishing he didn’t hate himself for not being more productive, and decided that he could at least make progress in making things easier between him and Dean even if his heart wasn’t in any useful things he could progress in. Maybe he could suggest a card game? That was something people still did, right?
He’d grown up normally enough. A weird home education, and an awareness that he had skills and abilities his classmates would never understand, but he’d lived in the world, and he’d loved it. He loved his friends, his teachers, he loved jigsaw puzzles and hot coffee – they made him feel childishly proud that he was one of the anointed protectors of all these things. But if it rained for too many days in a row, or a friend was cruel to him, or he got a bad grade in class, he was comforted by the nihilistic knowledge he was encouraged always to remember that this was all only temporary.
“He would have been,” Dean agreed after a moment. He badly wanted to snatch the photos away out of Jack’s sight, a seven year old boy again fending off his baby brother’s sticky fingers from the few relics of Mom left to them. And Cas’d had even less to leave him with.
The man chuckled, and Dean wanted to squirm like he was hearing fingers scrape down a blackboard, but managed to hold himself together because the last thing he wanted to seem in front of this thing was weak.
,” Rowena said, brushing the barn’s dust off her dress as she stood up. “Don’t look at him like that. You were
“Cas looks after me,” Charlie explained away as she extracted herself from her beam and flapped a little ungainly down to the floor.
Ruby stopped talking when Sam put a large hand around her wrist. “Hey,” he said, which was enough to get her to look at him again. “You’re sure about this?”
He stared at the corpse for another minute, another hour maybe. He’d seen so many dead people before
But Dean had chased him away. So now it was Sam, again, looking at him like he had him back from the dead. Sam, whose flesh would taste so good. And the children he should be looking after, that it was his
night.” Slumping down next to Cas on the couch, smiling at assumedly the concern, Dean leant back on Cas, his head on Cas’s thigh, and held up his phone. “Look!” A little thumbnail was displayed, of Dean with the glasses on, mouth hanging half open in constructed surprise. Below was a title.
As Dean allowed himself to be led away with a shrug back at Victor, he heard Bela say, “that’s the first time I’ve heard that man decide he needed to apologise for anything…”
Anna’s face hadn’t changed in all the time since they’d last seen each other. It was still his big sister, mad that he’d been playing with her make-up again who turned her fury on him now, and Cas could feel her power, honed by years of practice as his own had not been, crackling in the air. “You’re crazy if you think I’d let you.”
Anyway. The one type of monster he’d had any contact with lately didn’t have an M.O. anything like this.
Shell-shocked, Cas had followed her, and learned that she did have a plan. She’d been all across the world, operating with a small band of humans and their own kind, working to switch off the devices everywhere. This one, in the depths of their own family home, was the last, but again, it would take sacrifice. As the last one left alive from her group, Anna was certain that she was the one to fulfil that, something she was prepared to carry out.
“Your brother has a lot of faith in you, that you’d still find a way of working on your bedpost notches even in the middle of all this.”
He remembered the look in Bobby’s eyes when he’d accepted that his wounds from the monsters they’d narrowly slipped away from were about to be the death of him.
But at least Cas’s priorities remained clear. He tried following Dean, every time he went off alone to hunt. When Dean would return, Cas would be there, ready to tie him up again and sit guarding him all night. Sam was certain that Dean continued to barely even acknowledge any of this, but that didn’t seem to deter Cas anymore. If anything, Dean’s silence almost made Cas more confident, though Sam suspected that was also connected to everyone knowing what Cas was now.
As they both stormed off into their own rooms like moody teens from a sitcom, Dean taking the bottle away with him, Cas struggled to decode the conversation. It felt critical to pinpoint where they’d come to odds.
CD.” Artfully blowing dust off the cover of the one in his hand, Dean grinned and took out a disc which he fed to the truck. Moments later, Cas registered the familiar blend of harmonica with guitar.
Someone had entered the shop; was loudly clattering over the mosaic of shattered glass Dean had left over the floor. Dean dropped the communicator and he waited.
The man blinked, reminding Ruby aggressively of a puppy trying to calculate where an un-thrown ball had just disappeared to. “…Right. I’m sorry, I’m very, very… I’ve drank a lot. Do you mind, explaining…?”
Graciously, she outstretched a hand – paw – fingered paw thing – through the bars towards him. “I don’t believe we’ve been introduced yet. My name’s Bela. And no one beats the angel. Certainly not the demon. That’s not how the story works around here.”
More than that, sometimes Cas even caught his eyes on him, could hear the background hum of his thoughts, and knew that Dean longed to cross the distance still always left between them and pull Cas to him. Mostly for a kiss, but sometimes Cas was well aware those thoughts went further than that, no matter the terrain or the weather they happened to be trapped in.
He cleared his throat, trying to indicate that Cas should think about taking his hand off him. “Uh, thanks.”
Dean paused for only a moment before continuing to stride towards the little gremlin that had ruined his life. “I’m no one’s attraction, and you’re giving me my goddamn life back.”
It was a beautiful day. The sun was shining on his face, on the hood of his car, and somewhere, he knew that Sam was getting on okay without him. It wouldn’t be easy, but Sam was strong. He’d be strong enough to live, to start again, to get away from it all.
He’d never told the man his name, Dean thought as he reminded himself what a bad idea this was, on so many levels. Every instinct he had was screaming at him to cut and run, and come back later when he had proof this thing needed killing, to come back with back up –
She was known as a person who made decisions, who took risks, and then stuck with them. That’s why she was so successful at what she did. She got gut feelings, and she trusted them.
Cas felt a little awkwardness return to him as he paced back around to Dean’s side of the couch, but the look on Dean’s face kept him relaxed. Dean was clearly enjoying this already, and Cas was doing that, so he felt on top of the world as he sat down and pinned one hand across Dean’s body to the couch arm he was resting on. “Take off your pants.”
“I’m not saying I did it on purpose! I just… it was something I thought about, sometimes. You gotta know I was always going to go looking.” Dean laughed. “Only real worry was I wouldn’t be making it up here. Still thought there was a half chance I’d be bargaining with Rowena right about now.”
” Victor asked, ignoring the familiar squabble as Sam started to get comfy and take his coat off. At least this place was always warm.
he texted Meg at 11.30pm, just before getting up to use the toilet. He’d wanted to be in bed already, but through a mixture of the alcohol and crushing guilt still swimming its way through his system, sleep felt like the last thing he’d be able to do.
