"... That was a hard question, John," Sherlock coughed, "To consult someone doesn't necessarily mean you are stupid- although most people who come here to consult me are indeed idiots- sometimes you just have to ask people about things that you couldn't be bothered to learn."
"I can take care of him," Anderson volunteered.
"See, Sherlock? Now John's learnt to be sarcastic."
Sherlock found a hurt kid by accident. Will he keep him?
But Sherlock didn't answer him. Instead he lowered his head and sighed slightly, while stroking John's soft hair in a slow rhythm. 'Lovers do have problems, John,' he started a moment later, 'They would quarrel and shout at each other.' 'Why would they do that?' 'For a variety of causes. Maybe they can't decide whether to have a baby or not... Maybe they can't bear each other's habits... Or maybe just sexual tension,' 'Sexual what?' John caught the last two words immediately.
“No, Mrs Hudson. Will you give me a cup of coffee please? Black...”
He suddenly brightened up and texted a number. Mrs Hudson, Anderson and Lestrade stared curiously at him, but he stood quite far away from them that they couldn't see anything on his phone. He texted
“The one who made those doodles.”
When that lady came in John stopped hiding and got out. Yes, children are really sensitive, they could always know who would possibly hurt them and who would not. As soon as the lady got in John decided she was the 'wouldn't' kind, so he wasn't afraid anymore. She was dressed in a very casual style with simple warm colours, yet her face was so pale that she looked as weak as a piece of glass that could be broken at any time.
He got excited in the kitchen. Of course it was not the food he was cooking that made him excited. In fact nothing was worth being excited for about the food. When John was here( as an adult) Sherlock never had to worry about eating. John was always there to make delicious and healthy food for him, and force him to eat. So he couldn't really handle anything difficult in the kitchen, but according to the book about children's diet Mycroft gave to him, children's meals were easy to cook. He was quite proud of himself: so far he succeeded in frying two eggs as well as making a bid vegetable salad. John liked eating vegetable salads before---or when he grows up.
Sherlock frowned, for he saw the fear in Johns eyes, though he said nothing. Surely he wasn't happy at school! Sherlock thought to himself. This child suffered too much before he becomes an adult. He walked towards him and knelt down in front of him. It was the first time he decided to get those words out in front of John.
“Two sugars.” Mrs Hudson shrugged and went into the kitchen. “You better remember that too, John.” She turned to look at the confused boy, raising one eyebrow.
'I can't, Mycroft. I can't. Leave him to another.'
John walked towards the backyard door, and watched curiously as Sherlock stabbed into the bushes with a funny looking stick. Is that what a detective does? Stabbing the bushes with a funny stick? But Sherlock soon ended his search, groaning and running his fingers through his messy hair.
'Em... John, I don't think it's the right time to tell you--- ' It was a hard task to stop a child from asking, but that hesitating woman saved him from the embarrassing situation. John jumped up and hid behind Sherlock. 'Hey, it's fine, she's just a client--- ' Sherlock said while walking to the door.
"What does consult mean, Sherlock?" John asked, "they say you are a consulting detective."
The lady was surprised. 'From where you knew that?' She asked in horror.
And so he went near the boy. He was sitting silently at the edge of the pavement, with his head lowering to his knees, and his arms wrapped around his knees. His face was covered with mud and dirt, his eyes were red from crying or rubbing by hands.
However John answered, 'Yes I am, sir. Thank you.' and sat at the table.
'Well, since you've known my name, I think it better to let me know yours, too, what do you think?'
"This." The little boy pointed at the bottom of his nightstand, confused. There was a "一" sign just beneath the lower drawer. Sherlock frowned.
"Oww!" Sherlock jumped to the window and cried in frustration. Indeed, one more... He had to be quick and solve this before that guy did something to his John. He turned to see John behind his back, slightly leaning on the sofa.
"Did you touch it, John?"
Sherlock found this boy accidentally last week.
It was embarrassing for John, for he did not know how close he and Sherlock once were. All he could remember was that Sherlock saved him from his darkness. That already made Sherlock very important to little John.
Comments are welcomed, especially critical ones!
'I see,' Sherlock interrupted coldly, 'you are safe, Miss. Go back home and take care of yourself. I'll be in charge of this.' He nodded again, and opened the door. The lady got out, it seemed that she really wanted to look back when she got to the door, but just as her head turned slightly, she trembled violently like a ghost was swallowing her soul. She stormed out and slammed the door.
"I need to consult an expert."
'Anything wrong?' The lady asked, didn't seem to be surprised at all.
Sherlock was shocked by the hurt in John’s eyes. Did it hurt him that much? The thought that Sherlock was far, far more intelligent than he was? But he never meant to hurt John with his intelligence. In fact, he never meant to hurt anyone with his intelligence. His intelligence was always a treasure for those stupid beings, especially those from Scotland Yard. Perhaps they never even wanted to posses such wisdom.
"Sherlock?" John was standing by the door, looking hesitant.
“Who?”
'Elementary, miss. Look at your wrists--- the traces there told me you once was a secretary and you didn't get high salaries. But look at your nice expensive watch--- Surely you've got a great chance and had a better job, because all your clothes are expensive except that scarf--- It's old and cheap but not yet out of style which suits your clothes, I can see why you like it--- But only that watch is old and expensive, and it's such a private thing. Well, look at the back of it--- J. Watson---'
Sherlock turned back nervously. John was already up. His eyes were a bit red from yesterday's crying, but thank God, Sherlock could tell he hadn't cried this morning. He was fine, although he looked very pale. He needed to eat more, Sherlock thought, he was too thin. Maybe his family treated him badly. Maybe he had been bullied by the children luckier than him. After all he was there with Sherlock, after all his sufferings. For that reason Sherlock admired him, as well as his great courage.
“What’s going on, Sherlock?” John walked towards him and sat at his feet. Sherlock suddenly felt the urge to touch the boy’s face, but he fought it back, knowing it would make the boy jump. He sighed again.
He suddenly stopped, realising that taking a kid on case was simply too dangerous. He took his coat off, it would kill him to leave John at home when he was out.
have to consult an expert because you can't come up with good ideas on your own?"
'I'll go in,' he said,'and you... Stay outside and check if anyone noticed us. Be careful, will you?' John nodded slightly, and they both went into the darkness.
"Consult is to- ask someone about his or her opinion, when you can't come up with good ideas on your own," Sherlock explained, feeling a bit ashamed.
'I love you,' he mumbled. John whispered something in his sleep, Sherlock tried to work out what it was but failed. He gave up, and went into his own room. He grabbed a blanket to cover himself. For the first time after John's death, he fell asleep successfully.
'I don't know his name but I once saw it and I think it starts with J--- It was the same with my husband's so I noticed--- Oh, and he's called James, too, but his last name wasn't Watson. It was M or something...'
The lady lowered her head for a while and looked gloomy. 'It's not that,' she said, 'Or maybe it's all related, but I didn't come for that.' Her voice was thin, and she sounded so heartbroken. 'You know---' She suddenly looked up and stared still John. 'So that is the child. John.' Her lips curled into a gentle smile. John hesitated a bit but smiled back shyly.
'Lover?' John frowned. 'What is lover's problem? Don't they always "live happily after" in the stories, Sherlock? Or maybe--- Well, I don't think witches really exist----'
"You alright?"
'Thank you, my boy.' Sherlock smiled at him, and rubbed his little knuckles soothingly. He felt a soft feeling inside his heart. That might be what we called love, he thought. He felt he was on his way to something, to John, and to his brand new life.
'We were talking about... Sending you to school.' He replied.
Just then a small, calm voice came from behind.
'John!' He rushed to the ground, but it was too late. Blood was running like a river, out of his lifeless John.
He bent to look John in the eye. "What are you talking about, Jawn?"
"John," he said, his voice filled with fear, "Come here."
'You are so hard to find, Sherlock.' A voice said behind him.
Till next time XX
One more sign on the wall, identical to the ones they found upstairs. Sherlock checked the corridor, expecting another sign; no sooner did he find one behind the umbrella. Mrs Hudson covered her face, holding John tightly in her arms.
Sherlock decided to keep the boy, yet he found John was quite a different person in his early ages.
Changes/editions made in chapter four.And I am working on my English now. Hope it will be better.
"Not you, Anderson." and before Lestrade could speak, he added: "Not you either, Lestrade."
He was coming back to Baker Street after getting slightly drunk in the pub where he and John celebrated John's stag night, on his way he met a little boy sitting on the dirty street. He had blond hair, and a pair of eyes which Sherlock couldn't tell their colour. He thought they were pink.
'What?' Sherlock felt his heart skipped a beat.
'Morning, John,' he said, trying to find something more suitable for this situation while speaking, 'Breakfast's ready.'
'So obviously that's your boyfriend--- He must have loved you very much. Why did you leave him?'
“He’s broken into our house hasn’t he?” she asked in horror.
I'd love to hear things from people who hate me and my stories :)
"John, pass me the gloves, the pair behind... "
He moved closer to the child until their arms could touch. 'You are amazing, John.' And he meant it. It was also excellent to see John blushing again. He looked just adorable when he did that. He was so shy in his childhood.
John widened his eyes. "You mean
“Thank you Mrs Hudson, thank you so much!” Sherlock shouted back sarcastically. John frowned at this.
For a moment he thought he saw John's tears, but they never fell down. Instead, John shivered, his arms went straight up to Sherlock's neck, and rested his head against Sherlock's chest. 'I know,' he whispered. And that was enough for Sherlock.
“Now what?” asked Mrs Hudson.
"John, come with me." Sherlock said. John obediently went over to him, letting Sherlock lead him to the garden. They waited until Irene Adler showed up. For the first time in his life, Sherlock thought Irene was a true friend. But when Irene tried to take John's hand, Sherlock squeezed his other hand protectively.
'You do know what J stand for, don't you?' She asked, breathing heavily. Now it was Sherlock's turn to be astonished. 'I don't know what you're saying, Miss.. Am I supposed to know his name?'
John blushed, but didn't look away. Instead he gave Sherlock a careful smile. Suddenly, he seemed to be reminded of something.
Sherlock went closer to John, who was staring at the space behind Sherlock’s coat in horror.
It's been a long time but I'm back! Doing IB wasn't easy, haha.
He was cut off by a few knockings at the door. "Sherlock, are you in there?" It was Mrs Hudson, her voice was filled with horror.
“Okay.” Sherlock smiled and sat back into his armchair. “If my guesses are right, whoever left those doodles here separated his sign into two parts-- one part downstairs and one part upstairs. Then there should be three symbols downstairs too, but there were only two, so my guesses are wrong. I’ll have to come up with new guesses-- or hypothesis, you’ll impress any teacher if you used that word in your writing.”
“Yes?” Sherlock replied without looking her way, his gloved fingers carefully scratching the wall.
He patted the boy on the shoulders. 'Hey, young fellow,' he said in his drunk voice, 'you don't look well. What had happened to you?'
The response came quickly.
The boy was silent again. Sherlock noticed and regretted saying that to this boy, because this boy seemed to be the one that needed caring more than he did. So he sighed and tried to be friendly. 'I can see you are unwell,' he said, he knew it was awkward but he wasn't very good at comforting others, 'Why don't you talk to me? Like... I'm a stranger, so you don't have to worry. Tell me whatever you need to tell, I'll just listen.'
"Good boy." Sherlock stroked the boy's hair gently and turn to the drawer. "Breakfast's on the table. Now go, if you find anything weird just tell me and don't touch, okay?"
'Jim Moriarty,' he replied without thinking, and turned to him in a sudden. 'What have your men done to John?'
He froze. That was supposed to be that lady's boyfriend or husband, or whatever it is--- But maybe--- J doesn't stand for John. He cleared his throat.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock frowned. In order to protect John, he and Mycroft was always careful to keep him away from people's attention, and hardly anyone knew John was still alive. But this lady mentioned him, and she seemed to be familiar with John. He looked at John to see if he knew the lady, but John was never readable to him. He was worried about John, but still he nodded and agreed to go with the lady. 'Play by yourself, John.' He added before entering a private room.
"Oh, for God's sake, Mrs Hudson, I forgive you." Sherlock put on his coat and looked at John. He stopped at the door.
'Well, sit,' Sherlock added,'Are you feeling well?' How was he supposed to be well so soon after being abandoned by his family? That wasn't a good question.
'No.' He answered quickly. Then he continued.
(See the end of the chapter for
He held John's hand tightly in his own, and wrapped an arm around his cold body. Tears stung in his eyes. 'You can't leave me now,' he whispered between sobs,'How can I live without you? Oh john!'
'Sherlock.' He whispered. He was blushing again. Was he always blushing? Sherlock wondered. It seemed easy to get him blushing. And that was adorable, he added to himself.
He noticed Sherlock walking towards him, but he didn't raise his head. 'What are you doing here?' Sherlock asked. When he was near enough to the boy he noticed he was biting his lips to fighting back tears. This made him a bit sympathetic because this was exactly how he acted right after John's funeral.
'John?' Moriarty smiled, showing his shark-like teeth. Sherlock's heart clenched, because that was usually not a good symbol. 'It seems you really got a hold on him, my dear detective,' he said,'you were too careless, Sherlock. They found you on the day before. Your loyal soldier noticed them and tried to cover for you, but unfortunately he was arrested, and five killers could get him killed easily. Of course, he wouldn't say a word about your work, although that meant death to him, so you don't have to worry, Sherlock.'
'Who?'
"You've already solved it, Sherlock?" Mrs Hudson's eyes widened in surprise.
John nodded and gave him a smile. That was enough for Sherlock.
“And I thought she was scared.” Sherlock sighed, but smiled fondly when his eyes found John.
"Of course!" Sherlock almost jumped and followed John out of the room. The boy looked a bit frightened by his sudden movement, but there was no room for that thought in Sherlock's brain at the moment.
But was John really back? When Sherlock began to wake up from the alcohol, he thought about why the boy appeared. It could be a trick. John was an ordinary name, so was Watson. This boy could be someone else. He can't be---
“Oh... John. You’re always so nice.” Sherlock showed a twisted smile before he stepped back into the house. “Come on, John.” He called to the boy softly, and watched him go into the house before he closed the door.
As soon as they got in the lady closed the door and looked behind the curtains to see if someone was watching. Then she shut them quickly, ignoring the fact that Sherlock snorted.
"Yes," Sherlock mumbled and opened the door to see his landlady with pale face. "What has happened?"
Sherlock got out of the room soon after the lady was gone. His eyes searched where John was, and he was sitting on the sofa, looking confused. 'What happened, Sherlock?' At that moment Sherlock knew he had to think up a good excuse.
, something that Sherlock had shared with him and him alone, a trust the curly-haired man had bestowed upon him that he could not break. Insouciantly, he looked at the lanista out of the corner of his eye and leaned conversationally closer to him. "Although, he did this extraordinarily interesting thing where he –"
John sighed. "I
John had lunged forward and knocked Sherlock onto his back, his head banging against the wooden bar holding the bed against the wall, and pressed two fingers against his lips to quiet him. "I did not say I was not interested," he growled, the threatening tone of voice somewhat negated by the smile that was still growing on his lips. Sherlock's hands found John's hips as the stocky gladiator straddled him, grinning now.
"What? No – I'm fine," the stocky man replied, his smile this time looking slightly manic. Sherlock tried not to show any kind of alarm at his disarray. "Careful you do not take too many of your belongings, John, or the others will begin to fight over the room."
the orifice, pressing lips firmly to lips and inserting his tongue firmly between teeth, his arms holding Sherlock in place while he plundered and explored.
The two of them laughed. "Why is it you do not like your brother?" John asked through the giggles.
, but he couldn't spare the thought for it because the slave was coming after him again and he
You have perfect lips, have I told you that before? Lush and sculpted into a perfect recurve like Cupid's golden bow. They feel exquisite against mine, shifting and parting to let me claim your beautiful mouth as my own. You squirm your body underneath me, trying to shift your hands from where I am pinning them against the wall. I feel as though I should let you move, but I cannot think of anything but the feel of your mouth, fiery and all-consuming.
things, as though he can read your mind –"
"It is too wide for anything issued by the military," John chipped in, peering down at the marks.
Your climax consumes you, every time, you give yourself up to it and let it take over your body and your mind so that when it is over you can only pant and watch me with your sharp eyes momentarily softened and your gorgeous plump lips parted slightly, the picture of temptation.
Sherlock joined in his laughter. "Mrs Hudson taught me," he admitted. "We were just two people in the marketplaces, people had no idea who I was. I wanted to keep it that way, so she taught me how to blend in, and that meant haggling. We both looked like we had money, so people put up their prices when they saw us coming."
this: not simply being physically intimate with someone else, but this specifically, this waking up with the sun streaming through the window and warming the very corners of his heart while another body curled lazily around his, this wanting to bury himself in said other body's arms and never acknowledge the world again because he had everything he would ever need wrapped around him like a womb.
The thing was, though, he wasn't sure that it was. Far from ridding him of his desire for the gladiator, their agreement had
It was better than an outright
protection," he said. "And even if they did, they would not get near me. I do not suppose, Lestrade, that your attempts to find Small have come to anything?"
He wasn't sure it made perfect sense, but he wasn't sure it mattered; the image had flooded his mind already. Sherlock, stretched out across the bed with his arms above his head, unable to rush or reciprocate while John forced him to understand that he
their increasingly intense dance of strikes and blocks and parries and thrusts, but he counted himself lucky not to be paying attention to what was being said. The general gist was enough to increase the desire to
"Right. Fantastic. Are you ready? I'm afraid we have something of a time to keep." In reply, John hefted his small pile of clothing topped with his two swords and the oils used to clean them. Lestrade cracked an almighty grin. "Fantastic," he repeated.
," he said sternly. The smile was meant to convey pity and superiority, but in the moonlight John knew he could see a flash of flattered pride as well. "Go on, have a look," he prompted finally, turning back to the dirt road.
The sallow-faced lawkeeper smiled humourlessly at John. Sherlock made an impatient gesture for the gathering to follow him; when he had said that
Sherlock smiled, clutching his lover tighter. "Good." Waking lazily in John Watson's arms sounded like a dream come true. He stretched indolently. "Then I shall see you in the morning."
. What is different about the way I rule than the way Mycroft would? The whole thing is bread and circuses."
Tonga was struggling to get up; John stepped closer and kicked the short sword out of his hand, possibly breaking a few fingers in the process. He stopped the wriggling efforts with the bite of the blade against the murderer's throat.
John leaned into Sherlock's arms as they wrapped around him. "I am all right," he said, not sure if it was a lie or not. "What were you asking me?"
John smiled. "Thank you." He leaned back in and pressed their lips together again, teeth working gently at Sherlock's bottom lip. He pulled away as Sherlock realised his hand was travelling up to the pin on his toga. "May I?" he asked.
"Lestrade."
Seemingly absorbed in his own mind, Holmes crouched again, his eyes straining. "I can barely see. If only we could come back in the daylight, only we cannot be seen – we shall have to come back with a torch." Nonplussed, John stood back and watched the Emperor almost crawling along the alleyway, his nose so close to the ground it was a wonder he did not pitch forwards. "Ah!" he exclaimed finally. "I think I have it! This way, Watson!"
to be Sherlock's lover. And yet the man still interpreted his every move as John wanting to get out, to stop whatever 'arrangement' they had once had. He had trusted John to tie him to the bed and take care of him, but he did not trust him to stay with him, and he certainly did not appear to trust him with his own life.
The silver-haired fighter chuckled. "For me, as well. Are you here to watch?"
Sherlock kissed him again, his tongue frantic in John's mouth, the noise in his throat halfway between a whimper and a chuckle. "Oh, me, indeed," he murmured, his voice low and slightly husky and
John grinned back. "Starting to," he admitted, shaking out his hand idly. Sherlock smiled at him, the expression weak. John noticed that his Emperor was trembling slightly.
At this Sherlock too propped himself onto one elbow. "Meaning?" he asked, sounding slightly alarmed.
The gladiator was instantly by his side once more, peering at the doorframe as though attempting to ascertain Sherlock's train of thought. He smiled fondly. "The door had not been forced before tonight," he explained carefully. "Therefore, either Sholto was still on friendly terms with the killer and invited him in freely – which would negate our earlier theory of Sholto having stolen the sestertii – or they did not come in through the door."
After a moment the Emperor lowered the hand to trace the middle of the stain with his fingertips. "This is where it happened?" he asked.
, he would have to stop thinking like that lest he address the Emperor so informally in company – he had truly realised how much he despised sleeping alone. How much he missed simply being in the company of someone he respected, who respected him.
. He and Lestrade will be back very soon. I cannot afford to put myself in a situation where I cannot look my lanista in the eye."
"With all the other gladiators watching through the cage wall?" Sherlock asked, picturing the scene with some amusement. He had always thought it an invasion of privacy to house the gladiators beneath the arena in a sort of upmarket version of the cages beneath the Circus where they housed the criminals, but that was what they expected and Lestrade had always maintained that it would unnerve them to be given proper quarters. "John, I had no idea –"
He snapped forwards for a cut at the big man's shoulder, but he was blocked easily; they parried for a while, back and forth just like a training exercise gone wrong. There was a breeze sweeping down the tiers of the arena and making the hairs on John's back stand up. He growled and dived forwards, sliding his sword up to cut through the other man's belly only to find his other sword already in the way, their bodies close together, the convict's breath blowing hotly against his cheek. "You should be," the man said, and without warning shoved John so hard that he staggered backwards.
He couldn't help the tiny wince when his rear had connected with the unforgiving stone of the arena's benches, but he'd certainly tried to hold it back and not glance guiltily towards Mycroft to see whether he had noticed the movement. He could
. John shivers all over, wrapping his arms around him. Tangled. Up. "I want to make you feel good," John is saying; but Sherlock is already giving him another one of those aching miles-deep kisses, the kind that make John feel like he's about to shiver straight out of his skin.
the plans, I especially—especially like it when you tell me about them, but—"
"What was that?" Sherlock asks. (Holmes.) With the cane stilled just at the bottom of John's arse. The tip digging into his skin.
John exhales. Shivering, inhales—
"They're. Yes." Sherlock ducks his head, turning away from him. John lets him. Sherlock shifts his weight in his hips; plucks at the lace again, shoulders hunched disconsolately: that painful sunburn-bright flush all the way down his shoulders and his back and his thighs. When he takes a half a shuffling step, trying to resettle himself, John can see the rough spots in the floor catching at the stockings, under the soles of Sherlock's big feet.
"Seven," Sherlock says, soft, and John laces his fingers between them. Squeezes: Sherlock bites down on a moan.
, he wants to think, but—can't;
John rubs his cheek against Sherlock's thigh. A shore. His body a cove for Sherlock's sea salt damp skin, around his warm-wave hip still bent up, space for John; speaking, as behind around him, beneath the duvet mountains, John half-washed back into sleep.
"Please," he manages, "please don't run, please."
; and Sherlock whines shuddering all over and then gasps out, "You said you—you thought you were going to fail," so John gives him a scrape of teeth back down to and over his half-bared nipple and Sherlock gasps, "Ohhereplease, please let me," and then pushes himself up onto unsteady elbows tucking his long hands behind him to unfasten the hooks of the bra.
John turns. Examines him: dark hair, bent face. "Yeah?"
"I missed you," Sherlock mumbles. "Stupid."
John doesn't entirely know how to reply to that.
—" while Sherlock tells him, "Could probably take my whole hand, couldn't you?" and John moans.
"Matt builds custom bicycles," he says, "from stolen parts, too, so he has some technical competency. But Gabrielle—if Gabrielle'd set the bombs, you'd better believe they would've gone off—correctly, when she meant them to, and with actual damage." He straightens. "Raj is a graphic designer. He used to plead technical ignorance to get me to install his iPhone updates."
you invite me out," she says; and John sighs. Rubs his face.
Inhales.
Sherlock holds up a hand. Drops it. Pulls the dildo free, then turns back to set it on top of his chest-of-drawers. "I wanted to." Out of context, the toy looks completely ridiculous, so John looks back at Sherlock's arse: better view. "It's just... increasingly awkward, the longer I've got it on." Sherlock finishes getting his legs free and climbs back onto the bed, bends down over John rolling half-onto his back, reaching up: Sherlock's hair is very thick and very soft, and when John pets his hand through it Sherlock sighs into his mouth, melting their bodies together.
; just as Sherlock replies,
John nods. "Oughtn't to stay in that forever, probably, though," he murmurs, petting their knuckles down to the base of Sherlock's belly, and Sherlock sighs.
"Back to sleep?" John asks.
"I feel like an idiot," Sherlock says, rough.
, even though I
"Something like that," says Sherlock, quiet; and John nods.
through the thick-wet throb of—
After a long-stretched moment, John says, "All right." It is. It's—it's all right. Hopelessly inadequate, really, but what else can he— "But—I was right, before, wasn't I?" he asks. "You don't really like what you've been doing to me either, do you."
"Yeah, I mean." Reaching for him: his hot cheek, eyelashes sinking; and John says, "I'm all right."
"It just makes me fucking furious," John says, inadequate, "that we were—having this lovely lie-in, and then—we were going to have breakfast, and enjoy our lovely summer morning,"
He's still stroking Sherlock's back. Sherlock still awkward and heavy against him.
"I want to—to do it
"No," Sherlock says, after a moment.
They don't fit. He didn't really expect them to: they'd put more thought into the bra, giving the the knickers up from the start, rather, as a bad job. Yvonne hadn't ever said,
Sherlock presses his mouth to John's temple and then stills. Sweet.
Lily, John thinks, aching. And—and Jacob.
John stops. He presses his lips together: his idiot, hollowempty mouth. Sherlock's shoulders are hunched, face tilted forward. He is fumbling about with the little herd of dried spices that he's been collecting in the bottommost cupboard on the right: they tend to, over time, settle into a dingy, slightly pungent heap, half the bottles turned around or tipped over; since spring Sherlock has taken to reorganizing them whenever he's particularly stroppy about something, but whatever he does to them never lasts for more than about a day and a half. He doesn't ask what John is thinking about, which makes John—dreading it—want to tell him. "If it's been—," John is saying: thinking
"Can we just."
Sherlock's mouth turns up at the corner as he leans back in his chair. "I just find myself wondering," he murmurs, "as to whether or not you could take it"; and John pushes away from the table, a bit. Regards him.
air hot 'round their edges as Sherlock drags John down to kiss hot and open-mouthed and panting while shaking John pushes back against Sherlock saying—saying, saying
, John thinks.
John swallows. Says, "No, I know, I—shouldn't," breaking; and Sherlock huffs half a laugh and then slaps his hand down flat and hard. John's echoing face incandescent filament-bright as he scrabbles the toes of his shoes on the carpet—
"No," he gasps, and then squeezes his eyes shut tight. "Nine, sir."
John touches his throat. Up-down, up-down.
Nose tucked to him. Mouth on his ear. "It was awful," Sherlock whispers; low into him: irresistible, like a lock with a key.
"Ah," John says: so, not a contradiction after all. Comforting. He says, "But—will she help us?": and then watches, almost hypnotized, as a red, painfully bright blush creeps slowly up over Sherlock's throat.
John swallows. He can find his voice, he thinks; he swallows again, and asks, "Can I help?"
John kisses Sherlock's shoulder. Rests his chin.
"I don't know, sometimes your aspersions can be rather enjoyable." Sherlock's face seems queerly rearranged since Tuesday: reshadowed; the hollows around his eyes hollower. "You didn't sleep on the plane, did you," John says gently; and Sherlock sighs. Right hand spider-splaying across his face to rub at his eyeballs; John tucks his thumb against the palm of the left. Rubs circles. "Did you eat?" he asks, meaning 'dinner'; Sherlock says, "Chloe bought me a packet of crisps on Wednesday," which is not, in fact, reassuring. When they round the corner near their Thai place John slows, for a step and a half, but Sherlock's shoulders just creep higher, huddling together, so instead John offers, "Eggs? At home?" and when Sherlock nods John lets him tug them along faster.
. He is thinking about the fact that his door is wide open, that it's Thursday evening; he is thinking about the fact that in the grand scheme of "sizable intervals during which John Watson has not had sex" five days doesn't even make the rankings, but it feels like a sodding
. John's halfway to him before Sherlock looks up and then back at Wilson: quick, but not quick enough, since Wilson—mouth still moving—glances over to John, then back at Sherlock, then back at John again, looking uncertain: John is marking, with crystalline focus, how Wilson's mouth slows, and then stills; and the blush creeping up the sides of Sherlock's long throat.
"D'you really want that?" Sherlock asks, quiet.
"Nine. You'd better." Sherlock swallows. "Move on."
, because Sherlock hasn't shaved today, John doesn't think; but his thoughts feel crystalline, fragmented and strange. Sherlock is unbuttoning John's shirt, bottom up. John starts in on Sherlock's until Sherlock hits John's last button, pushing his open shirt back. John lets go. Drops the shirt on the floor while Sherlock is pushing John's vest up his ribs and then John has to stop pull that off, too. He keeps getting more and more frustrated: he's bare-chested but only got three of Sherlock's buttons undone, and Sherlock is already working on John's flies. John puts his hands on Sherlock's wrists and he stops. Looks up.
His head feels strange. His neck, his ribcage, all his spongy organs and squelching cavities seem foreign: not his. His hollow chest and tight-wound spine and throat and belly. This strange glass-brittle skeleton, sock puppet body, saturated with loneliness and fear and anxiety: the half-remembered body of another him, heavy with grief.
," and John pulls back.
"Mm," John agrees. They're not in a hurry.
, the narrow white moon of his—his f-face doubled in the window glowing pink and red as he'd—he'd just roll John over onto his back and fuck into him, deep and dangerous, hands braced by John's head like his palm on the—like he'd done on the floor while he panted and ground his prick deep deep deep into John's arse as John groans,
The feeling is seeping up through John's body. He wants to open it around him. He wants him inside. He swallows, careful. Slow. It'd be one thing if he thought Sherlock'd spent the past two decades unfastening saucy young ladies from elaborate underthings; but he doesn't. Sherlock's fingers drift along the lacy top of the stocking, then back: hypnotizing. Hypnotized. Looking down at his red face red mouth trembling lashes, his lovely long hands, John suspects that Sherlock has never touched a suspender belt before in his life.
John feels a hot flush of something very much like anger roll across him. "Yeah, I do." Snappish. Harsh. Watching Sherlock busily polish off the last of John's chicken. "What business is it of yours?"
And Sherlock exhaling-arching underneath him pulls nearlyout slick-slow-slow and then
"I confess," Sherlock says, between bites. "I've a few things I wouldn't mind looking into tomorrow. If we're staying the night."
Staring up at the ceiling, still; but the corner of Sherlock's mouth quirks. "An impassioned criticism," he says, sliding an arm around John's middle, "of flailing about in the dark?"
"Liked that, did you," Sherlock murmurs, and bends down to nuzzle at John's ear.
"All right?" John repeats, quiet.
, blood-hot and tacky with sweat against John's hands, the sides of their interlaced thighs— "I wanted to touch you," John says, and Sherlock leans up to kiss him messily, easily, open-mouthed sharp teeth thick tongue; and John presses down against him, heart pounding; Sherlock underneath him, dark-eyed. John repeats, "Is eight where I need to stop?"
—understand.
Alone he is too big for him. John feels shockingly in danger of flooding. And if he were, he thinks: if Sherlock were? Is it
He lifts his chin, and meets George's eyes; and, after a moment, George says, "It can be, yes."
"Hey," protests Jeremy, sounding wounded; as Natalie leans back in her chair.
Sherlock's breath hitches, when John does it. His thighs: open, opening up. He's still hard, barely half in his knickers: it feels like it's been hours, probably has been hours. Could be days. John wants Sherlock to come, with him and for him, with a hot dizzying surge of shame and desperation that prickles at his eyes and his throat.
Sherlock doesn't answer. Kisses him, instead; John breathes.
Sherlock's mouth twists. "I can say with absolute certainty that you weren't," he says, his voice low and tight, "and you trying to convince me that I don't know you better than—that I haven't known you for five bloody
—" and against him Sherlock makes a soft-amorphous sound and then shoves himself up hard against him hard hand caught between them, hard: which is—leaves John dizzy-gasping with the jamb digging into his back even as—even with Sherlock's left hand cradling soft in his hair.
"—rubbish at this game," John says. "Oh, yes—how, exactly? My telepathy?"
Sherlock nods. "A bit." He kisses John again, very sweetly.
"Yeah," Sherlock says. Naked. Hard.
," says Sherlock, low and shaky; and "Kiss me," John whispers. "Please." Sherlock already tightening his arms around him. John's hands cupping his flushed and lovely face. Their mouths meet: spark. Swallowing. Half-gasped. "I want." John swallows. Swallows. "I want you in my throat," he says, unsteady, "on my—on my tongue, I want to—to breathe you in until—"
. He wants Sherlock,
John swallows. Nods; and then presses his hand to his mouth.
Sherlock does come up, eventually. John knows because he wakes up around three in the morning desperate to piss and has to untangle himself from Sherlock's octopus arms and then climb over him to get out of bed. Sherlock's gone again by morning.
"En garde," Sherlock confirms. "Prêt. Allez!"
John says, "Close the door."
John tugs down his own rucked-up vest. "See how long you can go," he guesses, shifting back onto his knees.
; had started so low and anxious when he'd asked,
John swallows. Hot all over.
"Yes," John says, shifting. "Quite possibly. But your silicone lube," he observes, "is downstairs."
"I am," John says, "after I—" and then holds up Sherlock's other stocking, which makes the tips of Sherlock's ears go a very sweet sort of a pink. "All right?" he asks, and Sherlock goes pinker, but he nods, flattening himself out on his back. John gathers the stocking up, sitting, and then eases it down over Sherlock's toes, up his ankle, over his calf and his knee and his thigh; then kisses Sherlock quickly, tugging the band of the other up for good measure, too, since they do tend to slip. His arms braced beside Sherlock: Sherlock shifts, breathing in.
Some time passes.
"That's." Sherlock turns his cheek against John's thigh, eyes closed. "Lovely, really."
"You could," Sherlock says, arching back. "If you wanted."
Because—that's it, isn't it? John thinks. The beating bleeding heart. It hasn't mattered, John thinks; and John knew it. For too long if not forever. And John just kept right on—even though already,
John runs the taps and the water, hissing, runs over the bristles and then washes away. Soft: rush and fizz. He can still feel the vibration inside his palm: a bone-deep buzz. Sound carries more strongly through solids: never would've known, would he, if he hadn't held it himself: at a distance it fades, like a fly caught in the corner of another room. The door is half open. Sherlock has gone to be moving around in the bedroom; John can hear him. Getting dressed, John thinks. Careful and precise. John dries the edge of the washbasin; the handle of the toothbrush, before he puts it in the cup. Sherlock'd hung the towel crooked on the bar so John straightens it. The press of Sherlock's knees around his knees and all of him all over stripped naked and then
"Is it?" John asks; and George shifts, looking at him, thoughtful.
John inhales. Hands: shirt, pockets, smoothing his rumpled shirt— "Yeah, well." He clears his throat. "When you've got the reach of a pterodactyl, I can understand why it might be hard to fully address things less than six feet away," John says; and Sherlock's mouth jerks; turns up at one corner, twisted in the middle.
," so John breathes looking up at him longing empty-hollow electric as red-faced Sherlock fucks his wet fingers back in and out of him and John breathes, and breathes, and—breathes—with Sherlock breathing hard against John's leg over his shoulder as the ridge at the top of his palm presses against John's stretched-wide body and John—
"Christmas, then." Sherlock squeezes. "Halloween."
"I know, you're making me eggs benedict, I do remember," he says, "it isn't necessary," as he presses up onto his toes and then—
John is looking down without thinking. Sherlock's half-curled graceful fists.
He ought to be used to it by now, probably. He'd spent—years,
"Sorry," he says, quietly, and then, "I'm really not."
Swallowing (closeloud), Sherlock says, "Six." Quiet: shocking, John pulls back as Sherlock whispers, "Five point five":
been looking at porn on John's laptop where they subsequently looked at porn together. He'd just—just been using John's laptop, for no legitimate practical reason, to read the Daily Mail. And he hadn't looked up, had he? When he said that John needn't've stopped.
"Not waste a weekend." John swallows. "You know?"
Sherlock nods. "And it's Saturday," he says.
"Hm." Sherlock's shoulder rises, falls: the world's laziest shrug; an answer in itself, John suspects; and pets at his hair. "I'm extremely relaxed," Sherlock says.
—" with Sherlock panting hard on the back of his neck and his weight on John's wrists while he fucks him hard and ruthless and John squirms under him, belly throbbing as he scrapes up his electrified skin on the sheets and Sherlock pants in his ear: "want, want you, want you to," in a nonsensical breath-wet tide while John whines white-hot and pulls at his pinned wrists unmoving lit up thick shuddering all over as Sherlock's body drags out of
; as she pulls back, nodding.
"Er," John says, into the silence that follows. "You know Natalie of course"—"Natalie," Sherlock says, measured; to which Natalie, smiling sunnily, returns: "Sherlock"—"and this is Tariq," John finishes, relieved to have made it around the table.
After a moment, John asks, "Tea, at least?"
"God," Sherlock gasps, "
John wants to shuffle over touch his crossed arm and his shoulder but "I'm sorry," John says. Swallows. "Truly, I didn't mean it, you always do—just what I want," and thick and jagged around his cracked open jumble of—of his ribs, "you—you're so," finally, "sweet to me"; as a pace and a half away Sherlock's throat moves, up-down, up-down, but he unfolds his arms.
but why isn't he? so he is: fat fingers stumbling on his mobile and his feet clumsy on the street, until he takes a heat-squeezed belly-deep breath and pushes open a door far too posh to tinkle; bares a handful of well-dressed shoppers no doubt driven by more innocuous impulses (
Quiet, Sherlock says, "I like doing it with you."
"Really more..." Sherlock pauses, fully engaged in the tricky work of trying to pin John's chopstick against the table. "Charming, I think. He was perfectly ordinary-looking, but..." His voice curves down. "Untouchable," he says. "Self-possessed."
Sherlock's bottom lip curls in, slides under his slick red tongue, and then out. "Yeah. It—it feels good," he says, more sigh than speech. "It feels. Really good, even if I don't—"
"Three," Sherlock says, quiet, so John does it again. Down: "Three," Sherlock murmurs; down: "three"; down: "six," Sherlock says, breathless, as John drags the rough edge of his mouth down under Sherlock's ear.
John swallows. "Don't see why you'd have to, if you don't want," he says. "I can bring you up a glass, too."
"Yes," Sherlock says. His knee, bending up: scraping up the outside of John's parting stockinged knee. "Even if I can't—" He stops, swallows. "Put yourself all over inside me," he says, and then, "please"; and looking down at his open worried face John is thinking:
one, why not—"
"No," Sherlock says. "But I felt like I oughtn't, under present circumstances, push my luck."
"Can I ask?" John asks, quiet; and slow, still looking at him, Sherlock nods. "All right." John exhales. "More recently, then"; and Sherlock nods again.
?"; and Mycroft hesitates.
Natalie looks up.
to him; and he's never much found the need to apologize. In March he'd wanted to fuck Rebecca from behind, to feel her parting slick and hot around him while he played with her heavy soft spilling-over tits; but it'd mattered to him that just beforehand standing too close she'd pulled his hand up under her skirt and spread for him to touch the damp elastic of her knickers, that her plummy lipsticked mouth had been parted, her eyes dark. It had mattered to him that she'd pushed him down after and sat on his face, that she'd dragged on his hair while she ground down onto his tongue with her arsehole fluttering tight 'round his two fingertips and soaked him sobbing while he squirmed licking up-up-up underneath; that even after washing off after he knew he was still sticky in places, still wild-smelling all over his cheeks and jaw, that she'd managed to leave him wet, a bit, inside the shell of his ear. In October John had wanted to drag Cal onto the dance floor and fuck a twenty-year-old, but it'd mattered to him that Cal'd got off on it, obviously and shamelessly; that he'd kissed John and the boy and the boy and John before and during and after; that he'd then fucked John twice more that week besides, once in the surgery's minuscule toilets and then again at his flat, though admittedly not before they'd got into an argument about post-natal checkup booking procedure at the surgery's staff meeting Thursday morning, which opportunity Jeremy had used to give their latest hire, Genevieve Dalton, a first-hand crash course in breaking up fistfights. It
Sherlock looks up. "
stare, really? Sherlock might be improbable, but he isn't unreal: not vanishing or secret but real and lovely and disheveled, his. John starts the washing machine and comes to him standing beside his music stand and the windows with his fringe standing up all over on the right and the hem of his stolen vest unraveling at the back; John slides his arm around Sherlock's middle, and Sherlock hums and leans into it, human heart beating and solid and warm. John presses his face to his vest between Sherlock's sweaty shoulderblades and breathes. At his belly Sherlock folds his hand over John's hand.
. John wants to never move again.
, he texts; and then dumps the pasta into the boiling water. His mobile buzzes back before he's even got the timer started:
He's so lovely, John thinks: he blinks sometimes and forgets, in between.
to do the things that you want for
"You'd be an irredeemable idiot if you
"But," he repeats, as his fingers drum on the table,
"Don't apologize," Sherlock says, sharp. "It wasn't—I don't mean I didn't enjoy it, I meant—I meant that I—"
He can't be arsed to do up the belt so he pulls it out of the loops and drops it back on the floor. Grabs the tangle of his shirt, while he's down there, and turns around.
"I want you to get what you want," John says, quiet.
"Mmm, no," Sherlock says. "Sleeping."
Beneath him in the curve of their arms Sherlock's golden half-shadowed face. His eyes are closed, his hands loose and moving: slow, slow, slow where above his turned head they stroke the tumblers of John's unlocked hands. Sherlock's breath is evening out, warm and steady, John's heart slowing against the backs of Sherlock's ribs.
"All right?" Sherlock whispers.
John rubs up and down Sherlock's arms, crumpling up the sleeves of his dressing gown, and Sherlock shivers, but the tension is starting to leak out of his neck and his shoulders.
and John gasps flinches back and then Sherlock takes his fingers back and John pants, "I shouldn't, I know I shouldn't—
John pulls his hands out of his pockets, empty. "Thanks to both of you, then," he says, and heads over to hold open the door.
John inhales, lifting his head, loosening his grip. "Hey, come here," he is saying, for some reason, as bunched up too-close to him Sherlock shuffles around to face him: "come here, come here," until Sherlock bends his face down to kiss him, John's palm resting on the side of his lovely scratchy pink face while they kiss and waste water, because John is—outrageously—not allowed to take him back to bed. "Whenever you like," John says, in between kisses, "I'd fuck you mercilessly across the duvet whenever—," and face bent close to his blurry without distance Sherlock flushes; is sheepish; is smiling, dark-eyed red-cheeked: worth something, that.
—body tight as startled John holds him, "Sherlock—,"
and heart pounding desperate John's hands—dart—flutter, half-fall and then lift— "Can I—Christ, Sherlock—" not wanting to—damage and Sherlock makes that—
Watching him Sherlock touches his own throat.
John hesitates.
, "N-nine—don't st-stop, n—" smeared-swallowing all over him tongue mouth face the earth-dark sweaty smell of him—
"And yesterday," John manages, before his throat closes up—
"You know how this works, John," George says, very gently; and John sighs.
"It's all right," Sherlock says. "It's fine."
me," Sherlock adds, resentment-heavy; regret. Sorry, John nods, pulling his arms tight and close.
It sounds inadequate. Half-hearted, somehow; even though it feels like fishhooks, deep inside his chest. But then Sherlock says, "If it's—. Yellow": with his face only-just shifting, uncertain, half-opened up; and then he says, "For you, I mean": and something unraveling deep at the center of him John nods. Yes. And yes. Bending to kiss him, just barely: the softest, sweetest press of lip against lip.
," Sherlock mutters; and John mashes his face against Sherlock's hot face.
, shuddering moans; comes arched-up pressed down blinking yellow and purple while Sherlock digs his thumb
someone and I—I wanted a fucking
hungry. "We never did eat dinner, did we."
"No." Sherlock swallows noisily. "Or."
"Do you not want to go upstairs?" John asks, quiet.
"I should've—." Half into John's mouth: John lets him pull back. Sherlock's cheeks are a little flushed. "I ought to've," Sherlock says, and then scrubs a hand through his hair and says, "Could you push the duvet back?" and heads back into the en suite, John awash in bare air. John's stomach feels too high. Clenched. He breathes out steady and slow and forces it down, down, down; then takes the half-step back to the bed and rolls Sherlock's duvet open, drapes it open across the foot of the bed so it hangs down to the floor, baring the crisp white expanse of his clean hospital-cornered sheets. Sherlock comes back with two fresh fluffy white towels. John's stomach tips and rolls. He isn't nervous. He doesn't think he's nervous. It's just—it's awkward, really; almost hopelessly so: standing about in Sherlock's bedroom completely starkers, helping him arrange towels over his bed with the duvet tossed back and the bottom sheet bared because just a few days ago Sherlock'd put on fresh sheets. But it still amplifies the thud of John's heart, loud in his ears: the whole of the why; the looks Sherlock keeps shooting him across the bed, half lustful, half something vast and nameless besides. Once they've got the towels spread out John straightens up, not knowing what to do; ought he to lie down, or—or go back to the other side of the bed to Sherlock, or—he rubs his palms on his thighs. The sun is getting low. The light going grey. John wishes he hadn't taken off his pants, or that the room were—brighter, or darker, or—
, it says on the side,
to move the threat to half six instead, and the only thing we can think of was that he'd realized that the hordes started queuing quite early in the day."
John's throat is closing. Too tight.
, mouth wetslick and warm and then—
, Brian had said, and then added, digging in,
"Because I
and burning-tight around him gasped hands on him dragging
, and John inhales, hard, and thumbs clumsy just manages to get out,
John's breath catches. "Yeah."
"It's—it may take me a while," John says. "To not—to not just automatically—"
: his heavy arms around John's back while holding him wound together John rubs his body down against Sherlock's hard hot strung-tight tense body while panting hardwet leaking Sherlock writhes up underneath him, shoving his cock over and over against John's overheated sweaty skin as he cards his long knobbly fingers, very gently, through the back of John's hair.
in trouble but maybe always secretly a little bit wanted to be: the sort of boy who wants to slide his knees up around Sherlock's knees; perch himself, daring, in his lap.
"Well, my apologies," Sherlock says, shoulders scrunching together, and John repents immediately, reaching for Sherlock as Sherlock is saying, "for considering your perhaps delicate feelings," as John kneels up, shakes his head, "about some of the admittedly more intimidating—" and puts his hands on Sherlock's face and kisses him—quickly, in deference to verisimilitude; and then again, slowly, when Sherlock puts his hands up to squeeze at John's wrists.
in the fan mail from the website."
Sherlock lifts his head, eventually. Still flushed. Reluctant, John notes, to meet John's eyes; but trying, isn't he. Purple smearing at the seams between eye and temple and cheek: lovely.
likely to steal it, and scribbles on the back of a heavy lavender envelope—fan mail—until it starts to work properly again. On the first blank page of his notebook he draws two horizontal lines and one vertical crossing, far to the left, and then he stares at the white wobbling space in between until it spills off the edges of his field of vision filling him up drowning and then focus focus focus and then he writes
He squints. "Are we not friends?"
"I'm hungry," John says instead. Fingers gentle on his fingers, on the turned-up tender inside of his wrist. "Are you hungry?"
A tight crumpled ball. In the dark where he lies and can't, he can't move. Can't. Underneath him his duvet is cold from the air all over him and John can't move. Keeps both hands pressed over his nose and his mouth shut tight keep silent, unmoving, as he sobs, and shivers, and sobs.
—" and John's skin shivers to life all over as he shoves them together shoulders to ankle, legs interleaved.
"If you take the rest off," nodding up at him. As John forces an eyebrow up. Smiles.
John sets one glass on the bedside table. From the other, takes two long sips: thinking. Thinking. Faced away, Sherlock is still obviously trying to adjust himself: his little round arse. Black lace: Christ, John could bite—. "I couldn't entirely decide if they were worth it, on me," John says, finally, setting down his glass, shuffling closer. "But you look." His face is hot: why? He says, "Lovely," inadequately.
": pawing at his stockings and suspenders,
"Well," she says, "not without trying to get in her pants, John, usually,
"Nothing," John says, "is going to change how I feel about you. All right?"
"How's that?" John asks, quiet; and Sherlock exhales, "Yeah." John ducks his head, smiling. "Pressure all right?" he asks: solicitously, because he never pretended he wasn't a cock; but Sherlock just replies, "Lovely," in a low, muggy voice.
, all lower case, Sherlock'd finally texted back.
It's quiet. John can hear soft voices, just the other side of the wall: another therapist, another client. Cleo, he thinks. Not Adelaide. For months before he'd met any of George's colleagues, he'd assumed Cleo was a man, just from that deep alto, low and burry and warm.
," and oh trying John tries glues his head to the window unsticking-slipping until Sherlock turns his arm cups his chin elbow fallen as John gasps—shudders—gasps while Sherlock's right hand cups John's balls tight to his body until John breathes—and Sherlock's shifting free arm as he breathes—again firm-level to the ground across John's shoulders, as head up John breathes, and breathes, and. Breathes.
, he types, chest aching. Then, hesitating, he adds,
"Yeah," John says, unsteady.
"And a wank," Sherlock interrupts, in a different tone; and John tilts his head.
Sherlock looking up at him. His wide clear eyes. His eyebrows huddling together in the middle: John touches the wrinkle, forefinger and thumb. Thinking: smooth. Heart aching. Thinking: if you were me.
"Good morning, Mr. Holmes," says Donnell; Sherlock is looking about, squinting, his nose wrinkled up, and not paying attention, so John laughs, a little and holds out a hand.
Sherlock is quiet, a bit. His thumb brushes along the edge of his trackpad, up-down, up-down. "I'm not certain Gabrielle ever wholly believed it," he says, "but she'd grown up in Vermont, just south of the border. But Raj and Matt were from San Diego—I never thought any of them'd've believed I was an American, but I'd thought Canadian would seem plausible enough, to them." He taps at the keyboard a bit more, and John's mobile buzzes in his pocket. "I didn't ever check up," Sherlock says. His voice is light, crisp: John knows him well enough to know it for a lie. "But I imagine that he's out of prison by now."
"Is this all right?" John asks.
," with his hand sliding up to John's waist—John feels himself flush tomato-red. Sliding loose around his hips—John tugs his bottoms up, turns toward Sherlock, while Mycroft is saying, too loudly, "—a case
"Well," Sherlock says, "if a higher than average content of international arms smugglers doesn't rule the concept out, then, certainly."
"Things like," Sherlock says, quiet.
"I know you did," Sherlock says. "You also missed that our letter-writer owns at least two cats, but to be fair," he says, standing at the edge of the kerb hand up, "so did I, at first."
"So I expect." Mycroft sighs. "But do let me know if we're wrong. I'll ring Lucy—send me the photo and I'll get you your aliases. You'll owe me—I'll have to tell her he's left her door unlocked, anyway"; and John winces.
"Hm?" John kisses his hair, and Sherlock lifts his head.
Her expression's gone a bit curious; confused, almost. "What were you eating?" she asks.
. Just give me. A minute."
Caught. Gasped. John gasps. Fair-blurred long lashes: Sherlock kisses his throat. Looks back up. "Sherlock," John says. Shaking.
"Christ," John gasps. Squeezing his eyes shut tight.
John stops, and rubs at his twisted up bottom lip.
Sherlock's grip loosens, but he doesn't answer. He just keeps watching John's face, with that muddy-familiar grey gaze; mouth stretched into a thin, flat line. Chin up. Just the one. After a moment, John touches it, just at its jutting bony tip.
"Might be worth a try," George says. "I think you know that the more you can get your body on board, the easier this will be."
me, I need—to not be—just, just a—a machine, for him to—to operate, to just—just make me—fit into some—some other gear so I can run without him, just something he—works, like he's hitting a switch and then stepping—
Mycroft doesn't answer. He doesn't, in fact, say anything: and John is beginning to become aware, curiously, of a vast, indescribable sense of—of
—both knees over Sherlock's shoulders with his palms braced on the headboard pushing
In listening, John finds, he can watch. So watch. Listen-watch to Sherlock in his shower across the landing, bare and shining, wreathed in steam: soaping up his hair and his face, scrubbing his chest and his armpits and his arse and his pubic hair. See him, almost, touching himself all over with John's Pears soap and Boots own-brand dandruff shampoo: John swallows. If anyone else would've—well. Sherlock is very decidedly not anybody else. John wants—he wants Sherlock with him. He wants to press down, but he doesn't. Eyes closed he can taste Sherlock wet and naked the other side of the landing: rinsing his hair, his face; turning off the taps to scrub John's still-damp towel all over his long bare body; his inky mess of curls, already tangling at the ends. John knows how his hair feels, wet; that he is soft and warm and tender underneath the arms and behind the knees and at his white throat. A gift: Sherlock rolling over to him half-dozing by daylight; and kissing him awake. Listening to him move the other side of the landing John can nearly feel the slubby roughness on Sherlock's fingers as the rail rattles, as he hangs the towel back up; the snap of the light, switching off; the wood of the landing rubbed satiny-unsmooth against the soles of his long bare feet while padding back across to stop standing behind John in his bed with his eyes closed and waiting, heart caught, he waits: John waits for an instant, listening to their breath in silence; and then the mattress dips as Sherlock climbs back up behind him, tucks himself all along John's body in John's bed, heavy and sticky and warm. Eyes closed John can watch, is watching: he watches Sherlock skin steam-shining slide his too-hot long damp-tacky arm around John's middle as John rolls up off his belly to meet him, press back. John's hand at his own hip finds Sherlock's fingers, then melts: Sherlock kisses the back of John's neck. It's so hot. Sherlock still overheated from the shower, his undryable sticking skin.
"I'm here for me," John says, fast. His stomach hurts.
John doesn't notice: it would be cruel, he thinks. He just goes slowly, instead. More slowly than he really needs to, he thinks; moving carefully across Sherlock's right cheek, but Sherlock is looking up at John's face with big pupil-black eyes that keep flicking away—back—away. John doesn't want to cut him, so he works slowly, so he's careful, so he doesn't. Sherlock shouldn't ever be in pain.
, even? The idea of Sherlock rewriting the world with his fingertips, endlessly wrapping himself in other people's skins? A storm-surge: some kind of—a Coleridgean vision, one of Blake's apocalyptic dreams: something, John is thinking, that he might've been made to suffer through at school; but underneath—but underneath—.
Sherlock looks at him. His expression is strange: queerly crumpled. Worn in and creased.
Thick, Sherlock asks, "Did I hurt you?"
—pinched bright-red and peaked against the edge of his pinkie and said
"I know you are, I don't need—" John stops. Swallows. Breathes. "I just need to be able to trust that you'd tell me, Sherlock," he says, finally. "I need to be able to trust you with me, yeah, but that's easy. I need to be able to trust you with
"Come upstairs with me," John whispers, quiet. Listens, while Sherlock swallows.
John stops in the doorway: panting, dripping sweat. He wipes his face on the bottom of his t-shirt, then looks back at Sherlock again. Sherlock is wrapped up in his coat, folded forward, mouth open to emit a thin trail of saliva onto his collar, which is bunched up under his unattractively smushed-up patchily-stubbled right cheek; his hunched-up shoulders. He's never looked anything but awful with any quantity of facial hair and he's getting that pulled, wiry, underfed look from the autumn again: he's got too much muscle mass, these days, to go so long without eating. John scrubs a hand through his sweaty hair and then goes to crouch just beside him, his hand hovering—not touching—just above Sherlock's crumpled-up wool-wrapped breathing back.
"Yeah," John says. Swallows. "Yeah, you can—just." That precipice-edge inside him different, now. Smeared.
—but if he'd been there.
—pulls out his fingers, and— "Up," Sherlock murmurs, "roll up for me—good," as somehow John gets himself over onto his side. Sherlock reaches across him to dig the lube out of the pillows, and throat tight John twists his face into the pillow and pushes two fingers into himself, gasping: not nearly enough. Sherlock kisses his shoulder—his cheek—and nuzzling at the side of John's throat he pets wet fingerprints against the edges of John's burning body, his hand fitting—John's hand—
John is acutely aware of the stillness of Sherlock's body. Hard not to be, really, when—
"Oh." John's voice wavers. "Christ."
"Your birthday's not 'til January," John reminds him.
Takes a long, slow, breath.
"I have to ask you something," John says, and Sherlock's eyes flick up to meet his, widening; spine locking without willing it John ploughs ahead. "Do you want to stop doing this?" John asks, before Sherlock can stop him. Trying his best, but his voice still wobbles. Tuning down.
"John," Sherlock says, quiet; and John says, "Yeah."
you," she says; as Brian clicks his tongue, gives a little impatient wave.
got up to in Amsterdam."
you." He never does manage to get an audience with Mycroft, but after stewing in traffic for a half an eternity the car takes him to an artfully lit restaurant in Islington, where Mycroft's assistant slides in beside him, patting at the underside of her twisted-up blonde hair. She's wearing slightly too much eye makeup and very high heels and carrying the sort of pocketbook women keep inside a larger handbag when they've got plans after the office that don't allow time for a trip back to their flat: John feels a brief, sharp pang of sympathy for her; but then she says, "Mr. Holmes asked me to convey his apologies," in a tone that more or less conveys
"You're not," John says, finally, with his hand under Sherlock's hand under John's hand and his body wrapped up in Sherlock's body and the mark of Sherlock's mouth on his throat. So close he can feel it, when Sherlock swallows. Up, down. Up-down. "You're not," John repeats, quiet; and Sherlock rubs his face against the side of John's neck. Up against his face. John stops watching them in the mirror so that he can twist to kiss him, then turns his body, so he can do it properly. Sherlock braces his arms against the edge of the basin behind John's back. John wraps his arms around him. Closes his eyes against the humming too-harsh light.
"A consult?" George asks.
"More—I asked him to text me," John says, "while he was off—or, no, he did, didn't he." He sighs. "Eventually." He rubs at his face. "But, fine, all right: I asked him not to go running off after criminals without me, but he—does, still, sometimes. And I—"
"I feel like I can't ever see those things from the front," he says.
"Sorry," John says, half-laughing, "sorry, I didn't mean to—"
"All right?" Sherlock asks, and John nods. "Want to." Sherlock hesitates. "Stretch out?"
"So." John rubs his hands. "Can I, then?"
"Mm." Sherlock licks his neck while John fumbles with the fiddly way the doorknob's got to be pushed up and twisted at the same time. "Probably not," Sherlock says, batting John's hand away to do it himself, "but if we did, I could do... um—" while John twists back, warm all over and smiling, groping his— "eggs and, or—Christ, unless you want to—" arse while pressing clumsily against him and the wall with his fingers sliding under John's waistband Sherlock breathes in hard, "just go straight for the table," rubbing his erection against John's arse through his bottoms as John, half-laughing, twists up to kiss him open-mouthed over his shoulder as they stumble into the kitchen. John flails a hand out to steady himself against the fridge but behind him Sherlock freezes stock-still, and John lifts his head up to see through to the living room, where Mycroft is sitting and looking irritated, perched upright at the edge of Sherlock's chair.
—and all of that feels—sane. Sensible. Normal; and yet. And yet: a purple eyeliner. It'd been on the table, John had thought; but then tonight he'd come in to silence and hung up his jacket and the edge of his shoe had found it rolled onto the floor. John had picked it up. John had picked it up, and sat down on the sofa, and set it at the edge of the coffee table, and then let it rest: while inside him a new strange mercurial supersaturated creature blooms into being. Delirious. Crackling. Like, John thinks, waking up.
He settles. Down. Tucking his head down and letting Sherlock hold him wrapped around him arms legs and his chin, on the top of John's head, coming to rest. Under John's ear Sherlock's strong heartbeat, thump-thump, thump-thump, and John closes his eyes burrowing closer, listening.
Ah. "I'm not sure he is, actually," John says, working on the gluey streaks of egg in Sherlock's bowl. "There was a girl before Adam, I think. Before I'd ever met him, though."
Sherlock glances over at him, then back at the cane. "Saw it in a shop window, on my way home," he says, voice light. "It seemed the best I'd be likely to do, on short notice, in London." One end is wrapped in woven leather, to make a sturdy-looking handle: John doesn't believe him for a second. "Will it do," Sherlock asks, "do you think?"
"But." John swallows. "If I—if I didn't want it so badly, I think you'd just."
awful—he croaks, "it was fucking awful—it was
Sherlock's hand loosens on his shoulder. Slides up the nape of his neck, cradles the crown of his skull, and rests.
"Well." John sets his pen down, clears his throat. "Portsmouth, then."
to say that to him, wouldn't be
Daring. "I think you are interested," John says, daring; and then dares to nudge his knee between Holmes's angular knees and Holmes does not respond, John might as well be—might as well
"Do you," he says, and then—
Next. I have been waffling about whether or not to do this, but both since it's been such long time since I've posted and because I increasingly want to tweak some of my wording, I would like to take this opportunity to restate my warnings for this story. Specifically: this story
Sherlock crouches down next to his overnight bag. Naked, in the greying daylight, he looks—unreal, almost; glowing; except—except that he is real. He is—far realer than—and in the gauze-wrapped stillness of John's bedroom Sherlock's body is loud: shufflings and scrapings and the creak of the floor under his feet and John can see the faint scrubbed-flushed traces of his own stubble on Sherlock's chin and throat, the dried lube flaking on the bottom of his arse, the red marks from the ties and stockings around the middle of Sherlock's long, pale thighs.
"I want," Sherlock says, "I want to be—
keep it down," and Sherlock hits him again, bright-blotched pulpy-hot, hard enough to drive his face hard into the door. "Jesus," John gasps, burning up. Sherlock's long cool fingers, John's magma skin—
want—" but shaking his head shaking his head John wraps his arms tight around his middle drawing him bookcoverspagesclosetogether holding him in, and mouth fitting loose back against Sherlock's mouth loose, John's pulse throbs in his palms. Sherlock breathes. Breathes. Pull, stick: under John's arms, shivers drip down Sherlock's spine.
—and drawing his left knee up, Sherlock says, "I thought you were going to fix my stockings," his voice a low dark rumble, tucked under John's reaching-out hand.
Looks away. Bends back down, to grab his pants and his trousers.
"What were you thinking about," Sherlock asks, rough, "when you did this to me last night?"
"Bit of a downward turn on the morning, though, isn't it," Sherlock says, under his breath; and John shakes his head.
"A flannel," he echoes, after a moment.
shocked," John says, "that we lived together for as long as we did without ever happening onto your mother's CV—"
"Can I ask you," John asks, very carefully, "if—"
He swallows. "You wanted to see me right away," he says. His throat is thick. It's the next line, isn't it; it's the line that comes next in the clichéd little melodrama for which he and Sherlock appear to be building the set; next comes:
"; and John flinches.
"Where to next?" John asks, petting the soft fuzz of hair at Sherlock's bent nape. Sherlock nuzzles along John's hairline, then lets go of his two handfuls of John's arse and says, "Head of Opera, naturally," pulling back.
Sherlock is looking down at him with wide purple-grey-hollowed muddy-blue eyes, mouth turned down. His throat: up-down, up-down. John watches, tender, hypnotized; as Sherlock's fingertips trail down the back of John's shirt to his belt.
you can be, with people you're shagging."
"Could've what?" Bursting out. Sherlock's hot agonized voice: "Could've—could've settled for, for a celibate half-partnership with someone who—who constantly manipulated you, and shut you out; or you could've just ignored half of London eeling up to you and—and
"What's it to him?" John bursts out. "Why should he—he hasn't any right to—to pick your locks, or lurk about in your living room—for all he knows you could be shagging half the street and it still wouldn't have any bloody thing to do with him, would it, it's not as though—"
"Onion next," John asks, "or?"
"Well, I'm expecting Sherlock back tomorrow, actually," John says, in the surgery, at half six, Thursday night. He is keeping his voice careful; precise; light. "Possibly even in time for Rhoda's birthday party. If she doesn't have to cancel." Then, remembering again that post-mortem in Basildon, John adds, "I'm sure he'll be disappointed to miss the opportunity of chatting with you," just to watch the smirk calcify on Brian's face.
"Yeah," John agrees. He drinks the last of his too-sweet tea and sets the cup on the coffee table. Leans back until Sherlock's warm weight presses back up to his side.
"—of all bloody—what?"
"No," John gasps. Hands hard. "No."
"Really, Sherlock, I was
until—"
"For hours," Sherlock says, too fast; and John's mouth twists.
Sherlock snorts. "Is that your opinion, or Mantle's?"
Sherlock whines. John rolls his tongue against it, a scrape of teeth: "John," Sherlock gasps, "John—"
John laughs.
John would be anything, for him; would be in a heartbeat; has been; is. Sherlock might be one step this side of enchantment but John is something far more practical indeed: his gun, he thinks. A sword. The barrier between Sherlock and anything that would hurt him, isn't he.
forearm aching with his blurring wrist Sherlock's careful still-uneven breath above his brittle body strained and tensed and then
Very seriously, Sherlock tells him, "It'd give Mrs. Hudson a thrill"; and John laughs and laughs and laughs, Sherlock kissing his mouth and his cheek and his mouth in between.
Sherlock nuzzles at him. "Perfectly reasonable, then."
Angry: he should be angry. But he isn't.
John's pulse jumps in his throat. "Do you want me to—," he says, and then stops. Swallows. He sets his hands around the top of the backrest, as though he'd intended to do that all along.
, and
to him. When she had finished hugging John, she gestured him inside and smiled at Sherlock.
The taller gladiator grinned. "Off to a better place, no doubt," he said wryly, his eyes on Sherlock. "Would you like help?" His eyes wandered between the two of them, the same wry grin toying with his mouth. "Or privacy?"
"My Lord," John introduced as he entered. His voice came out slightly husked and croaky, so he cleared his throat as Sherlock jumped and stood, clutching at the cloak. John had taken the cloak that he had worn back to his chambers at the Emperor's request, so he unfolded it.
I must admit that having you wrapped around me makes the prospect seem easier.
He managed to turn his head slightly so that the punch struck his cheek and not his nose, but the force of it still snapped his head back and pain lanced through his eye as the man's knuckle caught the corner of the socket. Sherlock staggered backwards, only realising when he had managed to stay upright that the force of the blow had knocked his hood away from his face and the man was staring at him, cradling his knuckles and looking utterly horrified. "Your Excellency," he stuttered helplessly.
Then the older man stopped and stepped away, holding up a hand to stop. Panting, John lowered his own sword, jumping when the hollow sound of applause echoed out through the arena as Sherlock Holmes stood up.
It was a moment before he processed this piece of information.
felt like this. Never had he felt as though his entire body would explode with pleasure, as though being inside John somehow caused every nerve in his body to burn and
Nodding, the two men and the dog padded quietly out of the alleyway. Sherlock looked down at John, who was looking up at him already, his face split into his delightfully endearing smile. "I thought we would never be alone," he said quietly, reaching a hand up. Sherlock leaned into the warm touch as John's calloused fingers caressed his face.
the Emperor possibly... desire him sexually? He would do many things for the man he'd always admired, the man he had not expected to be so...
John chuckled amiably. "Understandable," he accepted. Besides, anything beyond what he had already said seemed
When he was done, the older man stepped forwards and collected the fragments of his clothing from the ends of the bed. Sherlock frowned. "You are not staying?"
John sat through the evening meal with the other court gladiators barely able to contain his anticipation. He wondered whether he should be worrying more about the fact that it was not the prospect of finding Mary's attackers – which was slim for the night – that excited him, but the knowledge that he would find out more of the intricacies that comprised the Emperor's intimate character. And whether he should be more concerned about the way his mind occupied itself with the problem of how he could convince Sherlock that he wasn't about to leave, that he didn't have to treat John as though he were made of the most brittle clay. So that he wouldn't have to rein in the impulse to snap at the man when he continually stopped to ask permission for each kiss and caress.
"I love you," the Emperor of Rome panted in his ear.
Tonga was crouched in a corner of the dank cage under the Circus, head resting on his knees, scarred feet wriggling uncomfortably. Sherlock rested his arm against the bars of the cage and watched him for a while, disgust permeating his stomach and tainting the back of his tongue. "Do you know what is to happen to you?" he asked finally in fluid Greek.
Sherlock cursed; the moment the door to the arena flew open he had grabbed John by the wrist and started to run, with only a cursory call of, "Come on, John!" to warn him that they were leaving.
want the gladiator to stay; perhaps he should have just accepted the offer, making it sound like an order.
That caught John so much by surprise that he laughed, rolling the two of them into a more comfortable position and settling down to sleep. "With good reason," he said lightly.
The gladiators had positioned themselves a reasonable distance apart, and at the trumpet they started towards each other, some lumbering and confident, others hesitant and jumpy.
He thrust harder and groaned as the resulting wave of sensation hit him, his fingers clawing frantically at the sheets. John was gasping and gently rocking his own hips up to meet the increasingly desperate thrusts of Sherlock's.
John stumbled, but Sherlock saw him shrug at the other gladiator out of the corner of his eye, and after a few steps they were running together. "Where are we going?" he asked. "Was that your Mrs Hudson?"
the frown from halfway across the street. "He just vanished," he repeated softly. "Interesting." With a sharp intake of breath, he stepped away from the house and spun back to John's side. "If you could tell us his name, we may begin to put out inquiries as to his whereabouts," he told the woman briskly.
of rope into the water they began to heave at the oars. Small had not yet managed to catch the wind with his sails, so John figured the oars were their best bet – they could row harder than the other craft, but it would take them longer to prepare their sails.
With a twisted grin, John climbed off his lover and untied his own loincloth, keeping his eyes fixed on Sherlock's as he wound the fabric away from between his legs. The man's grey-green eyes slid hungrily down John's exposed torso and fixed on his arousal; a pink tongue slipped out and moistened his full lips. John smirked. "See anything you like, Sherlock?" he asked teasingly.
Still frowning mightily, Sherlock nodded. "I just do not want you to leave," he said, his voice smaller than ever.
"But…" John reached down a hand to stroke the earnest plane of Sherlock's cheek. "
He thought he may be making noise, but it wasn't important and it wasn't as though he would be able to stop anyway. The most he could do against the earth-shattering wave of pleasure that felt as though it was ripping apart his very insides was tug uselessly at John's shoulder to warn him right before his mind exploded into bliss.
John smiled contentedly. "Good morning," he agreed.
The body of Bartholomew Sholto lay on the other side of the city from Mary's, but despite this the sight was so familiar than the barest glimpse of it sent him reeling back down the alleyway to empty the sparse contents of his stomach onto the sand.
It certainly did sound appealing. Sherlock shifted against the bars of the cage, resisting the urge to reach down and adjust himself in his loincloth. "Kiss me," he pleaded. "Just kiss me." It wasn't enough, but he could not ask for more – having Lestrade walk in on them would be the most mortifying thing Sherlock could imagine. And what if it wasn't just Lestrade?
John shook his head, still grinning. "Tomorrow will be perfect."
"No," Sherlock agreed. "Tell me about his relationship with her father," he asked briskly. He could see the cogs working behind the gladiator's weatherbeaten face, twisting it into new shapes that made Sherlock's face in turn smile fondly at him.
At that moment, the fisherman let out a strangled noise and stepped back from the mast; the sails unfurled with a mighty noise. The boat lurched. John looked up in panic, catching Sherlock's wide grey-green eyes.
But it is the law, and the Emperor must be seen to uphold it.
To his surprise, Mycroft's freckled face pinked slightly. His thin lips, however, curled into his usual scathing smile. "Removing Watson from training is hardly going to help him survive the Saturnalia tournament," he said softly.
The soldier at the door did not relent. John breathed a sigh that was half-irritation, half-relief; on the one hand, he would very much like the matter to be left alone and not to be identified as the cause of the Emperor's scream, but on the other, guards that took the voice of the man they were guarding as enough evidence that he was in no danger would be poor guards indeed. "My Lord, if you would open the door so we may be certain?" he requested politely.
"No," John huffed quickly, the hand that was not half-heartedly attempting to stroke parts of Sherlock's face flying up and landing shyly across his face. "I thought about it. Mary never… we thought…"
He and Angelo walked away; Lestrade, however, rounded on Sherlock with a slight frown on his face. "You know you are welcome in the gladiators' mess. You have joined us before."
He waited there for a moment or so, and then Sherlock was there, running into him like a falling tree, wrapping him in too many limbs and holding him so tightly he thought he might snap.
." Sherlock raised an eyebrow in acknowledgement, allowing John to roll them back over, their feet dangling off the edge of the bed. The dimachaerus kissed him, briefly, then knelt up over him with a bright grin. "We should go now." He kissed Sherlock's spent cock before climbing off him and holding out a hand.
" John agreed. "And
"Yes," the lanista cut him off, looking slightly queasy. Sherlock quirked his lips into a smile again: Lestrade had seen all kinds of injuries and violent deaths. Mary Watson had been something especially depraved, and Sherlock remembered it well. He hadn't actually seen the body, but people had described it to him. "They never found out who did it."
is why I did not recognise it earlier. Because I have been in love before, but not like this. Mary and I grew up together, we
John wondered how it must look from his point of view. What must Small think he had done to get the Emperor on his side,
He had not expected to find the previous night
He would not look at Sherlock, who was trying desperately to think of words that would negate the previous ones. He did not mean that compassion or pity themselves were dull, simply that he could not allow them to stop him from thinking through the causes and consequences of ill fortune to reach the correct conclusion. "John," he tried again. The gladiator turned to face him, finally, but his expression was hard. "Do I… could you… would you kiss me goodnight?" he settled eventually.
"I will watch," Sherlock answered, drawing his focus from the two gladiators back to the lanista. "But I am here to request that John Watson come to my chambers this evening. I wish to speak with him."
in the young man's movements, as though his mind had entirely deserted him to pleasure, stirred something in him again. He thrust back, grinding Sherlock's erection between his cheeks. Within a minute of this, the younger man squeezed John's hips and held him down hard as warm fluid splashed across John's back.
John followed him as he moved – still crouched, moving along the ground like some kind of dog – towards the end of the alley. Unsure what he was looking for, John glanced around the alley.
him, more than he remembered ever wanting anyone else in the past. But there was something about Watson's open smile that had melted his insides, made him want to work to make the gladiator smile like that again. He was dangerous and skillful, and Sherlock was already aware that those were qualities he found immensely attractive. But he was kind and brave and admirable, and Sherlock was nonplussed by the effect that was having on his plans. He'd thought, after his reaction at the circus, that if he reacted viscerally to the dimachaerus this time around, he'd insist that they spend a night together to get it out of his system.
with what I ask you to do – with what
As they turned a corner, however, out of sight of the docks, Sherlock suddenly found a hand twist in the fabric of his toga. In a flurry of frantic motion he was yanked to one side and his back slammed against the rough stone of an alley wall, and then John's lips were on his, the familiar weight of John's tongue desperate in his mouth, and Sherlock forgot his fright and kissed him back.
to put John out there, into danger, to worry about him no matter how small the chance that he would not come out on top.
," he said simply, his hands fluttering uselessly around John's shoulders as he sped up slightly, lifting Sherlock's hips and sliding the fabric up his torso, teasing pressure across his groin and making him groan and rock forwards.
" he gulped out. He'd been filled with anticipation all morning until it felt as though his stomach was a pit of worms just at the thought of fighting in front of Sherlock Homes again. Now he was supposed to actually
Lestrade made a rather impolite face at his Emperor while John looked on in shock, watching with growing terror as the man skipped lightly down the tiers and made his way across the sand.
"What was wrong with Lestrade?" the gladiator asked finally, pressing circular patterns into Sherlock's scalp that made his eyes roll back into his head. "Or should I not ask?"
"I only
sure – what that was supposed to mean, but he kept a wary eye on the feeling as the Emperor readily submitted to him, his large hands creeping firmly up John's back and holding him close as they kissed hard and slowly.
The aforenamed shared the frown. "John," he rumbled. John's thought process was alarmingly derailed at the cadence of that low voice, but he hauled it determinedly back again.
were the one trying to risk your life every day, I would have tried to stop you by now."
Sherlock held him close and buried his nose and lips in the short hair, knowing that there
Sherlock levelled a look at the gladiator. "They have no parents, John. This is what happens to orphaned children on the streets of Rome. This is why I stopped to listen to Claudia all those years ago – because I had
John thought ridiculously. Then he almost laughed aloud; of
The older man chuckled. "Mary used to say that. I never quite believed her."
John nodded, smiling at the no doubt baffled expression on Sherlock's face. He had got the impression as they had spoken that he had seen Claudia before, but he never would have connected her with the broken woman he had seen on the street more than fifteen years ago. "And
Your body slumps against mine – I support you, of course I do, though my own legs are trembling like mad, while you find your feet and gradually peel yourself away from me, lacing our fingers together. Of course, Sherlock, it is difficult to remove your toga with my hand attached to yours, but you are finding that out on your own.
The older man swallowed thickly and crawled back up Sherlock's body as he panted and trembled, wrapping his arms around him and holding him safe and firm. Sherlock placed a tremulous kiss to his temple and tried to ignore the smug look on his face.
, John had asked. Sherlock didn't know why. The dimachaerus didn't fit any of the tales of love Sherlock's mother had told him in her rare maternal moments – he was not so extraordinarily beautiful that he took Sherlock's breath away, and nor had they grown up together like the Greek Achilles and Patrocles or saved each other's lives – but that, perhaps conversely, was how Sherlock knew that it
" he mused to the lanista. "As though he could barely believe that I would consent to be there with him. Every move he made, he would stop and check if it was all right –"
Sherlock tilted his head and raised the torch in his hand so that John could see the calculating expression manifesting itself over his sharp cheekbones. "No," he said, his voice suddenly lower, the corners of his mouth etching tiny dimple-like lines in his cheeks. "The man who lives here – lives here alone, has done for quite some time – shows characteristic signs of having served time in the military, likely elsewhere in the Empire. The things he has seen still haunt him at night and he finds it difficult to sleep. I would be hugely surprised if we woke him."
to deny it, if John was so willing to accommodate it. "My fantasies did not include Angelo and Gregson watching us," he said, not bothering to hide how hot his cheeks had become. If he had not been so attracted to the trappings of the arena then the two of them would not be here, it wasn't as though John would hold anything against him. "Inform the man outside that we are leaving, would you – to
The dimachaerus giggled. "I
"I…" John's voice was thin and brittle, and Sherlock's heart broke listening to him. He wondered if he would ever be able to give John the things he needed – the adrenaline and excitement and tactical display – in a way that would not make his heart twist and his palms slick every time the warrior left his sight. "I need to know that I am better than him," he admitted weakly.
to approach them, do you understand? We only wish to know where we might find them. If you see them, go to Mrs Hudson outside the court, is that understood?"
"Hang on," Lestrade interjected, shuffling in confusion from one foot to the other. "What pattern of Small's crutch-prints?"
A sharp jerk from the person occupying his left hand wrenched his other sword free; assuming him now defeated, the others backed off and allowed the Black slave to claim the victory.
"The stars," John replied, wondering if perhaps that
want to stay, but he'd phrased it like a suggestion of something
The gladiator looked horrified. "Why… she would have told me," he defended in an almost indignant tone.
"I… Claudia sold it," John answered, still looking as though the point of the conversation had escaped him. "Once the merchant knew it was yours, he paid well for it. There was a wooden safe-box in the living room of their house where she kept the sestertii."
The Emperor cast a disparaging glance backwards. "Whatever happened to calling me 'Sherlock'?" he replied in the same tone, not slowing down in the slightest. "Do keep up."
John mentioned this last point to Sherlock when he pleaded John to be sensible for the third time that morning. "Sherlock, you do not have to be responsible for my safety," he had said. "Trust
He cringed as he looked up from diligently wrapping his swords, but Lestrade was grinning as he wandered over, arms folded in a friendly manner. "The Emperor was not too rough for you, then?" he asked, his dark eyes softly teasing.
. His lover smelled of sweat and musk and his hand was slick with Sherlock's own wetness to ease his quick, firm strokes until they were positively incandescent.
acting as though you are forcing me to be here against my will."
"Sherlock," his brother reprimanded. "This is not a political move. This is fear for your well-being. John Watson is a dangerous man. You cannot have him in this capacity without placing a certain element of trust in his hands, and a trained fighter with a deep resentment for the state is not a man you want to trust like that."
When they reached the end, the labyrinth of Roman streets curved in both directions and Holmes let out a snort of frustration and stood up. "Watson, you take that direction – you should not need to look more than five paces into the street before you find one."
"Fine, thank you, John," Sherlock replied, picking himself up and shaking out his toga, smiling tenderly at John. "And youself?"
There was a honeybee in the room.
John leaned forwards and kissed his forehead gently. "I am not going to leave," he assured him. Then he reached down and untied his loincloth. "Now, you offered to take care of this," he teased, indicating his erection.
John quickly rolled them over so that he sat astride Sherlock's soft belly. While the younger man was still blinking in surprise, he reached down and grasped his own arousal.
"What's wrong?" Sherlock asks, roughed up, and John takes a slow, deep, breath. Doesn't help much.
, more skin, more warmth; he is unfastening Sherlock's buttons, slipping himself in with his arms tucked under Sherlock's shirt, pressed all against his hot satiny skin. He has to press his face up against Sherlock's throat and shoulder, because even hunched-over folded-in, Sherlock is still damnably tall.
"That," Marianne says, "I can't help you with."
"I like this," John says, swallowing: Sherlock warm in his arms in his lap, breathing down damp on his cheek.
Sherlock's mouth is pulling down at the corners.
," Sherlock says, "because he can't even do something
Touching, only just, his right hip.
"I don't really know what you want," John says quietly. "I just know that I want to give it to you"; and Sherlock blinks hard, twice, then looks away.
, and he's probably—probably finished off getting as far as he can with his hand around both of them, has moved on to—to easing down to nudge the head at his arsecheeks, his balls—and probably, probably John could lie all over his back and just rub up against him, probably Sherlock'll be loose and—and friendly, always is, just after a case, and if John'd known all this time that it'd meant he could shove him down flat on his face and fuck his tender white thighs—
Sherlock shakes his head, breathing out damp on the tender inside of John's wrist; John licks his own bottom lip, dry.
"Yeah. Why not?" John shifts, pushes at his waistband with his wrist, lets himself—just—
It occurs to John, as he looks up at Sherlock's albatross hovering, that Sherlock is nervous. Sherlock tugs at his hair—which is still a bit wet, John is noticing, with a sudden, electric sensation in his fingertips—and then nudges the ottoman, from which the charred mannequin has been sent packing, over to rest at John's feet. He's tidied up, John realizes, with a strange, fond sort of an ache. He's tidied up, and had a shower, and washed his hair, and has been fidgeting about the flat in his pajamas—for how long? John wonders, as Sherlock sits down at the edge of the ottoman and puts his hands on John's knees, rubbing his long thumbs against John's trouser seams.
"Really," John says. "Fencing, Sherlock?"
, with hot and obvious interest, while ringing John up for a bacon sandwich and a cup of tea. He'd not been recognized in something close to two years. When a week or two later Sherlock'd been called in to Lambert School after the murder of the deputy head, John'd already called in sick for the tail end of the flu: he'd probably really been well enough to go back, but he hadn't. He'd gone with Sherlock instead. It'd been early in the day on a Monday, and the pupils had been sent home, so that when he'd gone into the classroom next door to the staff room, commandeered in the absence of the children, all of the teachers had been huddled together murmuring, their faces anxious; but Marianne had looked over at Sherlock as soon as they'd stepped in and given him a long slow up-down look: open, appraising, without apology. The other teachers had, by and large, politely maintained the fiction that Sherlock was new to them, as though a full-page spread of him wearing the same suit, in court, and giving Olivia Dupont QC a proper verbal flaying, hadn't been splashed across the front page of the Daily Mail two mornings previous. They'd wrapped the case late Thursday night, and on Friday John'd returned to the surgery to face Jeremy's sullen silence and Cal's much louder and more pointed displeasure; and on his lunch break he'd rung Rhoda to ask how long it'd be before she could take him back.
"—John,"
John flattens his hand: cupping his arse, shifting, Christ; Sherlock shivers, just, and then wriggles up close against him, pressing tight. John's appreciation of Sherlock's arse was already half ridiculous: cradled in lace and prickling with goosebumps it is—something else. John wants—Christ. Heart thumping he pets. Gentle: he pets.
and thought
"Yeah." John swallows. "Yeah."
Sherlock'd asked. Had asked,
John's back is prickling, slightly. Sweaty. It's a warm day. Sherlock a furnace underneath him. John pets at his side, at his thigh slung up around him. Rests his open hand at the seam between his skin and his stocking. John thinks he could rest like this for a long, long time.
Sherlock's shoulder shifts against the duvet, only just, as John watches the hypnotic rise-fall of his Adam's apple, twice.
—no. Not that, not quite; John would remember that.
"Because," John says, "I'm not going to leave."
John lets him apart. Away from him Sherlock takes the pan off the hob. Scrapes the onions out, into the sink—no, into a bowl, which he passes to John; after a moment, John dumps in the olives. Atop onions atop tomatoes. Sherlock's already turned back to take their cups off the draining board.
"Yeah," John echoes, not loud.
"You don't have to make anything up to me," John says, very quiet.
, warm all along John's left side. They'd called for a curry and batted Imogen Wain's latest artistic liberation back and forth, back and forth, and all the ice in the towel had melted and Sherlock hadn't asked about the blowjob—or, rather, Hadn't Asked: but had instead hung about conspicuously inside John's personal space for hours, shooting pin-and-needle looks at John from under his thick light lashes, Not Asking; until at last John'd said,
"So about my," John says: when he lifts his head Sherlock whines; "false pretenses"; and desperate Sherlock groans, "
"Hm." John counts back. "Wednesday? I think?"
John swallows.
"Yeah, I mean." John swallows, leans forward in his seat. "Getting to—to touch you, I mean, and to have it be... blocked in at the edges like that."
Enough, John thinks. Enough.
," then, and a feeling breaks over John's back that he doesn't recognize and can't explain: hot and salty, in the back of his throat. He registers Sherlock's fingertips on his abdomen, a bare instant; his cold eyes: Sherlock says, "came straight from the showers, did you," and it sounds like it's meant as an insult; as John feels some remnant of fifteen settle around his shoulders: alien, strange.
John pulls back. That liverish splotch of his mouth, already showing up: that'll stay, John thinks, back prickling hot, while Sherlock breathes carefully, deep.
John nods, somehow—kisses—
, I find it distracting, it's not like wanking furiously on my own would somehow magically not take any time, and it's not like
Sherlock hesitates.
He watches Sherlock swallow. Twice. "Yes," Sherlock says, very quietly, "please"; so John pushes back the duvet and then lies down on his back in his bed. He watches as Sherlock watches him, and then he watches as Sherlock hooks his thumbs in his own waistband and slides down his pants and then climbs gingerly up onto the bed with his long hands and gangly knees and all his pink splotches and creamy skin and John wants to touch him, wants to put himself all over him: his hands, his mouth; but Sherlock hasn't said and so John doesn't do it, just. Stays. Stays, and waits; and if his arm slides out across the sheets, helpless, he thinks he can't be entirely wrong for how Sherlock pulls himself across it, and then lowers himself down. His long body fitting close against John's body; his cheek pressing into John's shoulder, so that the most natural thing in the world is for John to lift his hand, brush his fingers through the renegade ends of Sherlock's curling hair.
Fingers thick inside him—Sherlock thick inside him,
"Uncomfortable," John finishes, mouth moving against Sherlock's warm mouth.
Sherlock slides his hand between them. Touched: John shivers. Sherlock cradling him big-splaying hand, cupped. John presses a kiss to his throat.
"Do you think Mycroft can get me CCTV?" John asks, and Sherlock leans up and nips at his ear so John turns his face down, because it seems the most logical course of action.
Sherlock says, "Can we what?"; and then, with some difficulty, meets his eyes.
Sherlock is quiet. His hand moving on John's, a little. Stroking the edges of John's hand.
From the living room Mycroft gives him the sort of narrow-eyed sardonic look that Sherlock reserves for stupid witnesses and his least favorite members of the police; John vaguely considers just going over and throttling him, but decides instead to wrestle the kitchen partition halfway shut. They hardly ever close it, because it tends to stick, but it must be there for a reason, and screening best friends from the thinly-veiled scorn of their impossibly interfering elder brothers seems as good a reason as any.
: Christ, God,
, John thinks: a wisp of a thought. Shading the sun, and then gone.
Air slapped out of him. Lungs and John rubs his wet hand up his aching cock. Groans—and Sherlock curls his long hand around John's left heel. Split open for him pressing his own two fingers not deep enough while he can't, can't bear, couldn't—could
After a moment, he asks, "Inconsistent?"
"It'd take a lot worse than you taking the piss to get my back up about it, John," Sherlock says. His voice is oddly serious for a man using their furniture as his own personal jungle gym.
"Can I." Out of air. John inhales, whispers, "Can I do anything?"; and Sherlock lifts his chin.
"Well, I could've said
He says, "And you said no."
"I frightened you," Sherlock says, much later, "didn't I, when I asked"; and part of John wants to lie and say that it takes him some time, that he'd have to wind back the day, the week, the month, all the way back to that sick rush of something that wasn't quite adrenaline when Sherlock'd said,
John pulls back, neck aching, and laughs. "This'd be easier lying down," he admits.
"H'lo," says John. Clears his throat. "Long day?"
know that Tom was gay?" Sherlock asks.
Quiet, then. Arms around him. Pressed close. John turns his face against Sherlock's neck. Breathes out.
, John thinks, aching and irrelevant; and sinks his hand into Sherlock's thick hair.
Downstairs John fills a glass, then swallows the first two-thirds so fast it makes his stomach clench queasily. He slows, filling a second; then drinks half of that one too while refilling the first. His sheets are still in the washer. He ought to hang them up, probably, but. Sherlock. Not-quite-naked in his bed; and for later, Sherlock's clean second set of sheets. Upstairs, John can hear a creak—another—Sherlock moving around in John's bedroom? stepping onto the landing? John tops up the second glass and carries them both upstairs; careful, balancing. The duvet has been straightened, the lube bottle set back beside the lamp; and Sherlock is standing next to the bed, flushed scarlet in every millimeter of him John can see. There's quite a few of them, those millimeters: Sherlock is standing by the bed with his back to the door, shoulders rolled forward, tugging awkwardly at the right leg hole of the knickers.
"Yeah." Watching through his bent-up knees Sherlock looking down at him, eyes soft mouth soft cheeks pink as he rubs the edge of his lips against the top of John's hairy calf. "Yeah, Sherlock," John says, "I want—everything," hollow and inadequate, "as much as—," but Sherlock just watching him with that softclose expression just whispers, "Relax for me, John"; and John exhales, long and slow, as Sherlock slips his long finger just inside.
"So," John says. Nods, chest tight, soaping the soft crinkling skin between ball and heel as he says, "So if you want me to—to make you tea or scrub your back or. Or fuck you mercilessly across your duvet." Helpless, John takes a breath, deep. Toes. Ankle. Arch. Easing the lot back down to the tile he blurts out, "You have really lovely feet," helpless; and then helpless bows forward, eyes closed, face burning, to rest his forehead above Sherlock's knees.
"Hm." Sherlock's eyebrows scrunch together. "Pain au chocolat?"
He pauses the stopwatch, and takes the steps two at a time up the stairs.
," Sherlock groans, dropping his face down to John's throat.
, shall we?" and in the silence fallen after at his sides John's hands fold together into fists.
"We still haven't sorted out all that paperwork, have we," John says. It comes out all right.
"I note that you typically aren't particularly reluctant to make me fully aware of my shortcomings," Sherlock says, "so if you're trying to spare my feelings out of some sort of—"
"Stork," Sherlock supplies; and quietly John says, "You're the most beautiful girl in the world," and slowly, with work, he manages to meet Sherlock's startled green eyes.
John breathes. He curls his fingers: they just-brush the ends of Sherlock's hair. He bends his face down 'til they are touching; and Sherlock slides his hand up to John's heart.
Nods.
John scrubs at his face.
"Would you rather a shower first?" he asks, instead.
"And, yes, also, you don't pin me down to your mattress and rub yourself all over me every night," John says, forcing his voice light, "though we've had, I suppose, more than a few ventures in that
Marianne sighs. Sinks back in her chair. "Yeah," she says. "I know."
"That thing you're doing." Sherlock kisses him, once, light. "Where you stare at me and lick your lips."
Sherlock shifts. Makes a little, hot noise—and then stretches, pulling away, so that John has to lift his head up, watch over the ridge of Sherlock's body as Sherlock reaches back into the box, and fishes out a little length of silver chain.
"Right," John says. "So my therapist says I ought to tell you that I need you to kiss me, so—I need you to kiss me, Sherlock, if we're sleeping together. I can't—"
"Well, I got it eventually," John concedes, voice light, then unfastens the hooks, wrapping the belt around his own hips.
"Good night," John echoes, in the darkness. He has no sense of what time it might be, but the sun's down: close enough, he is thinking. Close enough.
, Sherlock'd said. He's said it before. John hopes to God he'll say it again—but not, John thinks, swallowing the knot of sandwich and anxiety clogging his throat, quite like that. All it'd taken was a pair of 12A snaps, discreetly framed; and inside all those absences Sherlock had seen John flayed open and watched, examined,
John swallows. On the back of the chair his knuckles are white. Sherlock might as well be saying he isn't cross, just disappointed, and John wants—John wants—
, but the water sloshes up to the edge of the bath and then over:
John's already texted Rhoda. "I texted Rhoda already. But."
"I'll just pull you up over my thighs," Sherlock says, and John looks at his lovely serious fey face reddening between John's slung-up feet, "and fill you up."
and John moans, moans, shuddering all over. "And my prick," Sherlock murmurs. "And my hand."
Sherlock is asleep with his face on the table, when John comes up the stairs.
"Because what I'm doing is just the same, isn't it?" he says, very quietly, and then smoothes the plastic back down over the corpse of his sandwich.
"Sugar?" he says, a little dubiously. "Er—sweets?"
"If you're planning on anything else tonight," John says, "I ought to let you know that I think odds are excellent I'll be asleep before you get the light out," kneeling up to clamber over Sherlock's body; Sherlock says, "Even I, I think, could probably sleep," then pets up John's side, breathing in. John pauses, still half on top of him.
as an explanation in and of itself. Shouldering his bag, he sends another:
"Think so," says John.
"So, when you put your fingers up me," John asks: long smooth hot strokes, rubbing slow. "How many?"
it do to him? It got him a job; a flat, eventually; something not unlike a social life; it got him into therapy. What would George think, John wonders, of the two of them? John last saw him in February.
, that—"
"Now?" John asks, "Or," with his left hand curled, untouching, just above all the shell-pink acreage of pectoral and bare skin.
Fine. Sitting in his chair, then; that's fine. It's not like he's never done it there before. Sometimes Sherlock goes out for quite a while and besides, can't a grown man have a wank in his own bloody living room? It's like having Coco Pops for dinner or not wearing socks under your shoes: if you can't get away with it every now and again, what's the point of being an adult, anyway? The last time John'd found himself in this position Sherlock had been gone for a week and a half, sending him a string of increasingly arcane texts at approximately three-hour intervals that indicated that he was almost certainly somewhere in the jungle, probably being shot at, and possibly being forced to wrestle a geographically-improbable bear, at which point John had rung Mycroft even though it was two in the morning, put on some sort of insomniac rubbish on the telly, and then masturbated furiously in the (largely fruitless, as it turned out) hope that it would shut off his brain. Better, John thinks, to do it like this: sprawled out in his chair thinking about Sherlock on his knees with his head between his thighs. Nicer. Rubbing at the base of his belly, already hot through his jeans. If he'd planned for this, which he hadn't, he would've gone up to his room for the lube—and he could, he realizes. Why shouldn't he?
John nods. Twisting: away. His hands trip and stumble on the drawer pull, Sherlock petting him all over, kissing the back of his neck. He wants—they didn't. Last night they didn't and three days in Amsterdam they didn't and in the summer of 2013 but now, now,
John raises an eyebrow. Tugs.
"It's all right," John says, quiet. "It wasn't like it was a one-time offer, you know"; and Sherlock's ribs jerk under his hand.
"Shower," John agrees. Nods. "Pack a bag."
John feels—hot for him. Kindled. Alight. Nothing new: he rubs. Little knots under Sherlock's skin coming looser. Not quite undone. Between his bent-up thighs Sherlock sinks into his own hips, not John's: bent in half, half-melted. His face pressed down almost to his folded-up knees. John's hands ache, already overused. He wants Sherlock to lean back but Sherlock doesn't so John doesn't. Tries, tries not to push: instead just above the seam of the heat-heavy air and the cooling bathwater, John feels along Sherlock's back, his ribs; finds a half-dozen nubs of tension in his rhomboids and his latissimus dorsi. When John's fingers find the third, pebble-hard and hot, Sherlock says, "
." Sherlock's voice is thick. Urgent. "You seemed better, last week, you
"I assure you, I was." Sherlock raises his chopstick again. "En garde?"
"Shut up," Sherlock is saying, but he's still laughing, isn't he. He smacks lightly at the back of John's left hand with the sides of his chopsticks, careful. John wipes the noodle off his cheek, picks up one of his. Pokes back. Their chopsticks click together. Click, click.
, and John moans, pushing—and then almost—gasping
"How, I mean."
John inhales, slowly; and then makes himself another piece of toast.
Yeah. John nods.
"Yeah—Sher—" John gasping— "
, John thinks. Slippery. Sherlock is sitting straight up in front of him with his feet braced at the edge and his knees jutting up, not leaning back even though behind him, John leans. Sherlock's elbows bump into John's calves, held tightly: a little warm ocean between them. He feels so far away.
John twists; a kiss. "I wasn't even entirely certain you knew all those words." Smiling.
—kiss me," so John kisses him, not very apologetically. He tightens his arms around him, rubs at his sweaty back and delectable arse and soft, sticking-up dark hair as Sherlock presses his flexing thigh between John's thighs, hips rolling against his, liquid and slow, Sherlock's lips and his tongue touching his tongue and his lips, and his jaw, and his throat while Sherlock's cock gets harder and hotter between them and John's fingers knot up tighter on his back, in his hair.
"John," Sherlock says, very gently; and kisses John's mouth until he is quiet.
All right, John is thinking. All right. All right.
"Cold?" Sherlock asks, and John swallows. Tucks the lube in between the pillows, where it won't go running, rubs a hand down Sherlock's chest.
, he'd explained, with a wheezing, affectionate laugh, catching her bustling-past by the arm:
"Is this what you talk about at work?" Sherlock asks; and John huffs.
He'd meant to laugh, but didn't.
His throat closes up. He touches Sherlock's cheek. His jaw.
"We talk about it," George says; and John huffs.
while shuddering he spurted—no. No. Better to—to
Sherlock is quiet for a long, long time.
"You cooked a lot, then," John says. "In Rouen."
"No, I." John swallows. A curl of Sherlock's dark hair, cupping his two fingertips. "I like this," he says, quietly, and his breath bursts in his mouth: a laugh, nearly. "Even if you did wear me out."
"Done?" Sherlock asks, in the idle way of someone not feeling idle about it at all.
"Marvelous," he agrees. He rubs his palms on his trousers, then adds, "Happy birthday."
"Why not?" John sets his toast down, just at the edge of his plate. "It'll be fun." He smiles.
, John is thinking; but he can't say that.
; he liked Sherlock's soft scratchy-edged lips on their sofa and the way that Sherlock's breathing went funny when John licked at the phantom hope of the taste of his come inside Sherlock's pink mouth. That single close-lipped kiss just here in their kitchen, the memory suddenly aching and regretful. John'd liked that one, too.
"I didn't say anything." John gives Sherlock's hand a squeeze, looking over at him.
, he is thinking: pulling at him. All over. Dragging at the insides of his ribs and his throat and his cheeks. "And then, I reckon," John says, "you kept on making all sorts of those rubbish choices that one tends to make, at seventeen"; and lying underneath him Sherlock looks up, wide-eyed and—and half-shocked again, John thinks: surprised at him, somehow. After—after everything he'd said. After—after everything.
"I've been thinking, while you were out," John says, after a moment. "I think you should tie me up."
—" startled into a flinch; so John loosens his hands. "Sorry," he says, hushed. Sherlock shakes his head, clumsy, without lifting it; and gentling John rubs, tender, not hard, until under his fingers Sherlock's breathing eases; as John pets the knots in him soft as best he can: one, by one, by one.
smell awful."
"It's all right," Sherlock says, quietly; and John takes a breath.
"Yeah." John licks Sherlock's bottom lip. "I like kissing you a lot." Sherlock's broad hand on his back.
Silent Sherlock presses their faces together. His bare knees against John's stockinged knees. John swallows. The weight of his body, their bodies. Remembering.
: and "
Sherlock leans back in his chair. "No," he says.
"That you chase witnesses? Yes." Marianne pauses. "In retrospect," she says, slowly, "I think it's possible that he thought he was warning me off."
It didn't seem nearly long enough: he can't have waited for the kettle, can he? John glances back over at Mycroft, who is watching Sherlock with a blank, lizard-like expression of impermeability.
"Please," John says. "Please, Sherlock. You know, you know what you mean to me, you
; and John exhaling strokes his fingers through his soft thick hair while Sherlock closes his lips around him, soft. Nips, soft. Gentle mouths against him as John shivers all over pressing closer as Sherlock pets his long hands down the backs of John's short thighs up to wrap his arms around him arse and hips as wide-eyed gentle, soft, he sucks. It isn't arousing: even if even John's nipple peaks under such concerted attention, becomes flushed; even if it is plumping and swelling as over and over it is hidden-shown-hidden-shown in the cavern of Sherlock's red-working soft mouth. It isn't arousing, not on John. On John it is altogether something else.
Sherlock's gaze is locked on his, unmoving. He doesn't answer.
"If I sit down I'm going to fall asleep," Sherlock says, sounding—agonized, unsteady; and John says, "No, you're bloody well not, you're going to sit down and—and—I don't know, work out who Greg's dating, redo the plan for your sock drawer, calculate pi, I don't sodding care but you are going to
He stops, and takes a breath. Then he takes a bite of his sandwich, and chases it with a sip of tea: oversteeped, now. Bitter. He takes another sip anyway.
"Fuck." John swallows. "Sherlock,
. "What next?"
"I can't get past that, love," John says, quiet. "I'd rather—go back to. To how it was when we—." He shakes his head. "When I slept around self-destructively and you ruined all my actual dates and we fought about everything
John nods. He remembers.
Another.
"Yeah?" Sherlock lifts his head. Too far.
," he says, and she says, "Yes?"
, but John didn't—he didn't
Sherlock bends. John drops back down, staring up at the ceiling breathing deep while tight all around him Sherlock huffs unevenly out-out-out through his nostrils and tongues at him hot and clever with his tongue squeezing hands pinning John underneath him wet slick squeezing wrapped up all over in—
Touching. John asks, "All right?"
he replies.
John asks, "How drunk are you?"
. Sherlock had said a lot of things. Hands flat John pushes himself to his feet; in his top drawer his mobile buzzes and he drops back down to fumble it out: just Harry, fuck. He puts on Do Not Disturb, then he drops it drawer and closes it, turns the key. Then he goes out for his patient and his tea.
John tries for a breath. Another. Sherlock's long fingers are still on him pulling him out of his jeans and he is still hardening, somehow; fever-crawling, John's chest and John's back and John's throat filming over with shame. Sherlock slides his fist around him; pulls; "Sherlock," John says, unsteady; and Sherlock whispers, "Please."
John rolls back up onto his side. He has to dig around a bit, because he's always kept his dildo near the back of the drawer because apparently at one point he'd deluded himself into thinking that that'd somehow discourage Sherlock from finding it, or something—well, enough of that. He ought to just start keeping it out on the bedside table, quick to hand. For now he drops it on the duvet by his hip, knee up; tucks his hand under. Closes his eyes. Two fingers up to the second knuckle, easy: it makes the hot, coiled-up feeling in his groin open and spread. Weirdly aware of his own huffing breath, John pulls at himself—
"Right," John says. "I—sorry, I know you don't want—sorry. Sorry."
Sherlock's eyes flutter shut. His throat moves: up-down, up-down. "The glass," he says, thick, and John nods, nods. "You've good taste," Sherlock tells him, and then gives a broken little laugh as John curls his fingers inside him.
Sherlock touches the back of John's neck; and John. Shivers, helplessly.
"Did he say what he wants you for?" John asks, in Sherlock's bedroom.
"Probably not," John says. "It'd still be a bit of a signal."
"When our dad left, our mum sent us to Wolvercote," Sherlock says, "since my gran still lived there."
"Right," he says; and Sherlock hums.
"I want you to," he is saying, as he is sliding his shoulders back up towards the bedside table, the gravity of his body drawing John along.
Sherlock pulls his head up, blinking a little. "I didn't come up here angling for a shag," he says, sounding a bit uncertain.
—and shuddering all over John slips four shaking fingers deep into Sherlock's wet, hot mouth.
John nods. "And you think they're responsible because—because they're Canadian."
"Can I have a go," Sherlock says, thick, and John rubs the back of his hand over his mouth.
me, I want you to—fold me in half and—" and then Sherlock takes a gasping, half-drowning breath as aching and battered John kisses his face. His throat.
, cants his bare arse
Sherlock closes his eyes. Hips shifting, far away: his breath, drawn in through his nose off the plains and valleys of John's skin and John wants—John wants—and sucking him in deep-tight-close-hot-
"It's." Sherlock swallows. "Fine, I."
"A good hard rogering," Sherlock murmurs, petting his back, arse, thighs: breathless John laughs.
, Sherlock had said,
"Holding onto the edge, I mean," Sherlock says. "With."
"Please," Sherlock says. Low and tremulous: he is shivering, very faintly, all over. John kisses his chin. His throat: that sound. John pushes, very slow: rubs slow against-into him and Sherlock makes another taut, edged noise, eeling his body up towards him and John shifts his knee, shifting him: Sherlock's knees pulled-up falling-open, wide. With his weight on his knees John can pull back, can use both hands: rubbing-petting and wet, still, still squeeze more from the bottle: wet, get him wet, all over, properly wet but then Sherlock gasps, "Please, come here—
Lilacs, John remembers. Dressed to the nines holding lilacs, wrapped in plastic, store-bought: of course of course of course—though of course John hadn't known to know it was
John shakes his head, shakes his head, says, "It's late, I'd better—work, in the morning"; and Sherlock says, "
Isn't he.
The kitchen is grey and blue. Morning light, still. Somehow. It feels vaguely unreal. John feels real. Sherlock is real. Sherlock's flushed face looks broken into pieces, and badly reassembled.
This. This is a true thing.
It's a puzzle-piece.
"I never should've got my own flat," she decides. "It makes it loads harder to shave off Mikey's hair in his sleep"; just as a long, oppressively fretful presence is sidling up behind John, while everyone else laughs.
"Because," John says, tongue thick, "I don't want you to do this, I don't think
Practically across the street, it turns out: and John knows quite a bit about the habits of the police, at this point, so it comes as very little surprise to him that the CCTV visibility is currently for shit everywhere within the counter-terrorism perimeter established at quarter past eight in the morning and maintained until—by the time the car's turned around again and slid up to the edge of the cordon—very nearly half past three. John slides up the back stairs of a building boasting two closed cafés and a boutique selling trendy retro-themed men's clothing, slips on his gloves to gently press on the door handle, and then sidles into Lucy Matley's cramped office—two desks, assorted dusty shelves and cabinets, a mini-fridge, an ancient kettle—without a bit of bother: "He's definitely been before me," says John, "lock's broken." He looks around, tries the drawers of both desks and the two tall file cabinets— "Not got into the files, though—" and then drops his fingers to what is, very clearly, a secretary's overflowing yet surprisingly tidy in-tray: "He's sorted her post, though, I think."
"No," Sherlock says. "It's all right."
," Sherlock says, sounding shocked, nearly; "I don't mean—I'll still": and then sighs again, like air going out of a tire. "I want you," he says, but he sounds—unsure, nearly. His voice curving down, at the end.
"I'd want you to touch me
"Because I can't always
"Pressure all right?" John asks, lifting the razor back, and Sherlock nods. "Good." John turns, rinses the blade. "Did he show you, then?"
"So the third's Tower Bridge," Sherlock says. "The rest?"
"You don't—Sherlock, you lie
, he says.
He stops. Throat tight.
"Yeah," John says, finally. "Yeah," and Sherlock bows his head, exhaling, his right hand slotting around the back of John's left leg.
"One?" John asks.
"Mm." Sherlock inhales, arm tightening. Settling John into his body, weighted by his weight. "Like," he says, "away."
"Mr. Watson," Sherlock says. Holmes. "I believe I asked you to—"
"You're being," Sherlock whispers, "so good for me"; and "
All right.
John takes his fingers back, bends and kisses the base of Sherlock's spine.
A half-meter away, Sherlock's mouth twists, a very little. John reaches over. Touches the downward half of that rueful sideways "s", rubs his fingertips along its curve; Sherlock's tongue darts out:
"You don't have to come," John says, quiet, "really"; and Sherlock tongues the pad of his thumb.
, feeling—
"Your stomach," Sherlock says, tongue tripping too fast, "is sensitive."
"Because you like me," he says, in the odd flattened tone of a man anticipating a punchline.
His mobile is out again. He should—he should put the sheets back on his bed, so he puts his mobile away and stands. He can't just—keep—muscling into Sherlock's bed where he isn't—but his sheets aren't—there is nothing on the clothes horse. Because he did, didn't he. He already. His sheets are already upstairs on his bed, without his duvet. Is his duvet dry? He gets up and touches his duvet spread across the cold radiator. It is not dry. But his mobile is out again and he could instead he puts it back in his pocket and he could hoover, he thinks. Dust. Pay bills. Scrub the sink: Sherlock never does, certainly.
John swallows. "Would you lie down with me," he asks, "for a little while?"
"And now Dodson won't leave off bothering me about straightening out her underlings, says she's got too much to do." Sherlock sighs. "I wouldn't mind so much if it weren't so hopelessly straightforward."
Sherlock hums. "Part of the floor comes up. What do you think of buttplugs?"
John snorts and drops his mobile back into his desk. It's not much of a recommendation, that, but Sherlock was stroppy all of yesterday, snapping at the local police and rolling his eyes at his text messages, bullying Mycroft's assistant's liaison to the undersecretary of something tedious in a shoebox of an office across a huge, hulking metal-and-glass desk while the undersecretary in question—a narrow, prematurely-greying shadow of a man—got more tired- and washed-out looking by the second. John sees an elderly diabetic he'll never convince to stop eating his toast with double helpings of jam; then a woman who doesn't turn off her Bluetooth for the entirety of the appointment, probably giving her assistant a much more comprehensive set of information about her bowels than was really entirely necessary or merited; then has a brief conversation across the corridor with Natalie, conducted entirely in rather frantic hand gestures; and then takes a back pain, a stomach bug, a sprained wrist, and a stress-related migraine before Natalie brings him a cup of tea and a sandwich, passing them both through the crack in his mostly-closed door while she whispers, "I'm so sorry, apparently Denise and Brian are
, I'm afraid."
"At this point I'd take even an uninteresting case."
Agonized. John's chest tightens, painful.  "It's all right." He rubs his palm around to Sherlock's shin, squeezes. "I won't. One left, anyway," he adds, and presses his hands and the soap together against the back of Sherlock's left thigh.
. John'll remember that one, too.
, that we can—"; and Sherlock says, "I don't know what I think."
John shifts, shoulders scraping. Nods at his chair. "Have a seat, then."
, Christ." John laughs, rubs at his jaw. "It's just—Jesus, Sherlock, do you—er."
"Yeah?"
Sherlock puts his elbows on his knees, face in his hands, nodding: "Ten minutes," John tells him, and then goes back into the kitchen to throw the kettle on, shove bread in the toaster, crack four eggs into a pan and scramble them, as quickly as he can, while his towel tries to slither off his bare arse and his heart is pounding, pounding, pounding: relentless. unceasing. The carrier bag on the draining board: Sherlock's bought them expensive marmalade. John likes it, but Sherlock doesn't, so John puts the marmalade on his own slices while Sherlock's go back in to get slightly charred at the edges so he can bring Sherlock—who is listing slightly to the right, hollow-eyed hunched over; but awake, still, barely—his plate of soft eggs and burnt toast with apricot jam and weak milky tea, too much sugar; and sits next to him on the sofa so that he can keep him propped more or less upright while Sherlock eats. Sherlock works on his toast in small, grim, hesitant bites that he chews each for twelve seconds until John nudges him with a knee and says, "Go on, I won't tell anyone," very gently; so that Sherlock hunches forward and starts dipping his toast in his tea. By the time he's got the toast and half the eggs down his tea is gone, and John's nearly finished with all of his: "More tea?" he asks, and then stuffs the last corner of his toast into his mouth while Sherlock nods. John takes their mugs and his own plate, which he washes while the kettle heats up again: by the time he's come back with the tea for Sherlock, Sherlock has absorbed all but the very last bit of his eggs and collapsed sideways onto the arm of the sofa, eyes closed, breathing in little ragged, over-worn huffs.
"As opposed to, what," John asks, after a second, "a badly-parked van made out of haddock?"
that bastard,
—the aching-open seam of him—
"You still do it like this all the time, do you," Sherlock says, eyes wide voice rough, "just yank at yourself as hard and fast as you can, like if you don't get off in three point four seconds your mum'll catch you when she comes in—" and
—and then:
Wetting all of Sherlock's' long fingers with the last of the lube. "I'm going to try to rush you," John admits, unsteady; and then he scrubs the back of his right hand across his forehead, and drops the bottle on the floor.
Sherlock swallows. "Would I?" he asks, unsteady. His hand on John's shoulder, the side of his throat; John draws it down. Can't speak. Pulls his palm flat against his thudding heart. Sherlock's
been; and with his thumb hovering over his mobile John can suddenly believe it, that Sherlock as a boy had been dreadful at sport: his long hands like someone else's hands, his clacking teeth, his irregular whooshing breath. It had been almost like going to bed with a stranger, but John has always known Sherlock better than anyone, nearly; until—
"I was—I would've pretended you were invisible," John says, and then laughs. It hurts. "I would've sat clear on the other side of the room and kept my head down when you got lippy with the teachers, I would've—I probably would've pretended to not even notice," he explains, and then slides his hand back into Sherlock's thick hair, tugs his head back a little, looking at his throat. "And probably the second we were off the grounds I would've been—I probably would've been awful to you," John admits. "I probably would've—knocked your books out of your arms, or—or jostled you around, or dropped your bag off the kerb. Because I was such a fucking coward that I—"
It makes John's back prickle, sudden and regretful. It takes him a moment to realize why. When Sherlock reaches for his shaving foam John touches his elbow, and Sherlock half-twists, face turned down towards him, so he can meet John's eyes.
"Yes, but he left four hours ago, John. It won't've taken him half that to realize she was no longer in residence. Whether or not he's gone to Clapham."
Thinking.
"Acts like he owns the place. Any place." John licks his lips. "Greg never knows what to do with him. Drives Molly 'round the bend."
to me, who—who wrote me letters when I went back to school, who thought I—and then I." He takes a breath. "I grew up," he says, finally. "And I wasn't—I wasn't the same p-person. The boy I had been with Jacob. And I needed," Sherlock says, in a low, rough voice, "something—else."
"Won't that be." John licks his lip: his taste, stinging his shoulders, prickling up. "Dangerous," he asks, low. Mouth hot.
"In between a brick wall," John says, "and a badly-parked fish van," and closes his eyes.
"All right?" John asks, quiet.
Finally, he says, "But I'm—I've been a doctor for twenty years, I can't just—turn that part of myself off, you know? No matter how much I might want to,"; and then laughs. His throat is tight and achy. "And I think—I think he's really." He takes a breath. "I think he's. In trouble, I suppose."
John swallows, heavy and thick.
"John," Sherlock says, unsteady, and stretched nearly to snapping between not saying and not having John tugs at Sherlock's wrist until Sherlock's slick fingers drag over his chin, come to rest, light, on his throat.
John's hands knotted up twitch on Sherlock's sweaty back. "Dangerous?" he asks, and—
John takes a long, slow breath, and then stands—reaches out—to, to the lamp—heading back over to the sofa—aimless. He doesn't—he fusses, a bit, with his stone-cold stained takeaway cup of tea. Sits. Pushes back. Straightens, then, drawing himself forward, to rest at the edge of the seat. Scrubs at his face.
After a moment, John rolls over onto his back and stares up at the ceiling.
and my other helper (who has asked to remain anonymous) for their extra-careful meta assistance/beta work with this chapter.
"I need to stop," John says unsteadily; and Sherlock's chin lifts, breathing deep.
"God, I'm sorry, Nat, I'm just—headache," he lies. Throat tight. All day. "You don't have to stay, I can file them."
"Six." Sherlock is panting. "Or—or seven. I don't know. I don't know."
It comes out strangely: downturned, like the corner of Sherlock's mouth, with no hint that it might be a question. His expression has taken on that pointed, fox-like set it gets when he's feeling particularly determined about something.
He could laugh, probably. Should.
his long fingers as easy soft open his thick palm tucked thumb are pushing all the way into him in a long slick burning-hot slide, so that at last John can exhale close up and hold him, tight around his wrist.
"But you did," Sherlock says, tucking his arm around John's shoulders. Squeezing tight. "You do."
He practices for the rest of the afternoon. That duration of concerted attention on much of anything not case-related is rare enough on its own; add that to that the fact that by the third or fourth different piece, even John can hear that they're exercises. Even after years living with Sherlock John really doesn't know all that much about the violin, but he can tell that none of these really fits with the others, and they're all apparently challenging enough to merit those little bursts of stop-and-repeat, stop-and repeat practicing. One of them Sherlock works at every tempo from largo to presto, over and over until, upstairs remaking his bed, John can't help grinding his teeth. He's trying incredibly hard not to push, but it'd be easier if Sherlock weren't doing such an excellent job of broadcasting his anxiety everywhere in four-four time. It makes it gratifying, then, that after dinner, when Sherlock actually eats some of the stir-fry John's made, Sherlock also both does the washing-up and then follows John and his laundry upstairs, hesitating in the doorway until John finishes putting away his shirts and folded pants and then shuts all the drawers, faces him.
to love one another – as though the
his side, to track him down? He himself could barely fathom the chain of events that had led him from where Small had left him, broken and without hope, to where he was at the moment, strong and determined with the most wonderful man in the Empire by his side.
In fact, his next attacker waited until he had let the other man up to gather his weapons and leave the arena before he went straight for John's stomach.
As soon as John had caught up, the Emperor seemed to slow down to a more reasonable speed, effortlessly navigating the narrower streets until they were back at the street they had started at two nights before. In the torchlight, the bloodstain was eerily apparent – John shied away from it, unable to rid himself of the impression that it was jumping out at him. Sherlock looked up at him, frowning. "Are you all right?" he asked quietly.
debtor's prison?"
means that my body belongs to you, and yours to me – if I wish to touch you, I will do so, and I trust that if the touch is not welcome, you will tell me. Do you understand what I mean?"
"They will scream for you next," he said brightly. His hand rested on John's back for a heartbeat longer than necessary. "If you are
The big man's lips curled back off his teeth again. "So be it," he snarled.
There were fifteen of them. Sherlock guessed that six of them were seasoned fighters, whether from previous bouts in the arena or from serving in the military in their life before the arena. Nine of them were foreign, slaves captured from a previous army's conquests elsewhere.
They followed the road, John looking over Holmes' shoulder to see every time the Emperor stopped to point out another sestertius-sized splash of something dark. This time when it turned, however, there was a shout from around the corner.
Sensing the trouble that John was in, the others started to circle; someone made a half-hearted stab at the tendons behind his knees, and he spun to defend himself against the blow and earned a skilful jab in the ribs with the trident, drawing blood.
John could have cheered.
, as Small had called him, met John's gaze with equal measures of cold implacability. "Your
of sheets, he was smiling. "Stop worrying. You are extraordinary, Sherlock - I would never have anticipated what you have done tonight, that you would take so much time to give
?" Sherlock repeated, staring at John. "So… the woman, that was Claudia?"
Sherlock growled. "
Breathing hard, nursing his knuckles with the other hand, John looked up at Sherlock and Angelo. The both of them looked frozen in shock; Sherlock's face was so pale it was almost grey, but Angelo grinned when John caught his eye, rubbing at his chin ruefully. "Feel better?" he asked, his voice rich with amusement.
John looked slightly nervously at the hound as it regarded him with baleful eyes. "This is Cerberus?" he asked slowly.
on tumblr for including this story in their WIP update notifications, and to the incredible
Sherlock swallowed. "Her little girl was crying."
s. "It was as though the entire world slowed down and I could not move to stop him."
him not to accept, when he had come to inform John later that the Emperor wished his audience he had sounded resigned, as though it was a foregone conclusion that John would do so. Holmes himself would certainly not think any less of him if he accepted. And himself?
This time it was definitely a whimper. John wondered at the vulgarity of the words he could not quite prevent from spilling from his mouth; how was Sherlock
"Of course," Holmes replied easily. "Those wounds you described, they would have bled a lot more than this stain. And had her stomach been ruined here, the mess would be evident." He made a vague gesture from his own stomach meant to indicate expulsion; John felt ill. "There are many footsteps in the dirt here. The time that has passed since it happened does not help, but if you look here," he indicated a space on the road that had been torn up by many feet, "you can still see heavier footprints than the others. From the way that they are positioned – I cannot be sure, it could simply be overlaying over time – I would say there were two people carrying something heavy between them, one walking forwards and one backwards. Perhaps there is still…"
The lanista wrinkled his nose. "That does not sound like my Emperor," he mused, scratching at the stubble he had neglected to shave. "I have always attributed it to being in a position of such power, but he has always been dismissive and rude in my company."
John looked at him sideways, looking momentarily shocked, before breaking out into a sudden, brilliant grin and tearing off down the sanded street. Sherlock blinked at the unexpected fervour from the older man before clueing in and racing off after him.
"Are you and the Emperor close?" John ventured bravely. Lestrade's dark eyes suddenly met his, sharp and piercing. "Sorry," he backtracked. "I simply noticed the two of you seem more familiar than is perhaps customary for Emperor and lanista
, as opposed to "keeping" you as a concubine. I… I understand if the notion makes you uncomfortable."
"I am all right," John replied. He collected his two swords from the other side of the arena and then limped back towards the cages. "Good luck," he called back to the man who had helped him as the sounds of the fight resumed behind him.
of canvas, and John could only watch as Small's sails began to billow outwards and stretch taut with the wind. The slightly larger boat began to pull ahead, and John's heart dropped to the pit of his stomach as the gap between their crafts lengthened.
"Two denarii will not allow me to feed my children," he protested, not sounding upset about that in the least.
John smiled as he recalled the man's previous words. "And yet he does not see himself as a good person," he remarked.
have some kind of medical background.
"No," John deflected, much calmer than he felt, plastering a smile on his face and looking up at the Emperor. "I am ready, my Lord. Thank you."
Sherlock looked at him, a smile playing unbidden with the corners of his mouth. "I shall have to thank him when we find him, then," he said lightly. "It seems I owe this man a great deal."
Sherlock placed his hand in the centre of John's chest, feeling the
"And the other is perfectly fine, apart from the fact that he can no longer use the thumb on his right hand to hold sword or shield. To men like us, Watson, such a fate is worse than death."
surrender control to this man, how different it would be if he were still because he was
"Not at all," John replied hastily. "I was reflecting on how familiar I have become with you, that you almost look strange when you act like the Emperor."
Impressed, John took hold of the base of Sherlock's arousal and swallowed as much of it as he could.
, a part of his brain thought to interrupt, but John couldn't pay attention to it – with each thrust.
He'd never had anyone watch him dissect a crime scene like that before, with genuine
Sherlock did not want to have this argument – at the very least, he wanted time before they had it. "Do you honestly believe that
The dimachaerus nodded slowly. "He is a good man. He saved my life once – the barbarian was coming at my back and I failed to see him. Sholto lopped off his arm before he could strike me."
So when an erection poked into the top of his hip, Sherlock took his own opportunity to be smug, despite the fact that the climax had sapped what little energy he had left until he could barely keep his eyes open. "Would you like me to take care of that for you, John?" he asked lightly.
He shrugged. "I am still not sure. I had hoped that this might allow me to find out."
"What might we tell about the intruder from this print, John?" he asked briskly, levelling an attentive stare at the dimachaerus.
he knew without really having to think, was barely a question at all.
Gently, he shifted again to lie over John's body, covering it with his own, nestled sweetly between his legs. The older man sighed, his arms rising to stroke at Sherlock's back. Sherlock bent his head and breathed in the scent at the base of his neck, warm and masculine. "Are you ready?" he asked quietly.
"John Watson is an honourable man," the murderer said, inclining his head slightly.
John smiled and allowed his hand to fall to Sherlock's neck, firm and comforting. "Of course," he assured him, leaning in for a gentle kiss. "I have missed you too much to stay away now." Sherlock recaptured his lips, ignoring the jolts of pain as John's nose bumped his cheek. "How will those children let you know if they see Small?" he asked once they had separated.
There were things one was expected to say at a time like this, but Sherlock couldn't remember any of them. He probably ought not to be so shocked. John's love was something he had been trying so hard to earn that he had almost talked himself out of believing he could actually
that he wanted the same thing. We did this… odd sort of dance for so long that it became a part of the routines of life, that I resigned myself to always wanting and never having. He did not seem to want to acknowledge it, to act on it, and I could not do so without appearing impudent, without breaking
"Those two men are responsible for the murder of John's wife," Sherlock explained calmly.
Sherlock chuckled. "I would advise the same thing," he agreed. "It seems the sensible course. Especially so soon after his wife's death."
For a moment, the older man didn't answer. Then he started talking, his voice lower than usual, slow and steady. "Do you remember… there was a Saturnalia parade so many years ago, when Mycroft was still in line for the Empire. There was a woman who ran into the middle of your procession and tried to tug your father off his horse. Your father just ignored her; Mycroft tried to peel her away from him, but she was… and then you, little sixteen year-old you asked her what was wrong." Sherlock did remember: Mycroft had looked at him with such fury when he'd dismounted and approached the woman. As soon as he asked her why she was crying she'd let go of the horse and turned to him instead. "She told you her husband had gone missing and without his wage she and her daughter were going to starve. So you looked at her and did that thing you did to me, where you figured everything out by her clothes and posture and things. You told her that her husband was in debtor's prison."
"Watson!"
to be your lover," he assured him. "I want you to
– the gladiator pressed a chaste kiss over Sherlock's heart and wriggled down his body until his face was level with his Emperor's groin.
For a moment Sherlock looked almost shy. Then his head tipped to one side; John followed his eyeline to see the bottle of oil they had used on their first night together. He began to smile; he thought that he could prepare himself with his own fingers the way that Sherlock had prepared him then, and from the position they were in now he could once again control the pace of absolutely everything.
Sherlock looked like an Emperor. If he approached Small incognito the way that he had been conducting the rest of the investigation, the man was hardly likely to take him seriously. It was more than likely he would see the purple cloak of office, held in place by a pin so like the one that had started all of this fuss, and be frightened into giving up.
, angry at—at the past and the impossible and mostly at himself: sitting in a perfectly lovely patch of park in July at lunchtime with anger clenching his hot useless hands, squeezing congealed filling out of the edges of a depressed Sainsbury's egg sandwich:
John wants to kiss him. "Thought you were going to take your six minutes," he says, instead.
"I'd follow you into hell, Sherlock, I—I
An apology, almost. Sherlock nods, and something in the back of his throat snaps and John is shoving his elbows down onto the table, leaning forward, saying, "What'd you think I was even sticking around for, then?" Stinging all over, boiling hot: "If that would've been eno—what'd you even
"It's not expecting him to fix you to ask him to meet your basic needs," George says, voice matter-of-fact and reasonable, "you'd try to meet his, wouldn't you?"; and—hunching. John's ribs his arms his hands his armpits: his miserable peeled-mollusk body, shriveling up around his bent knees.
, inexorable, sitting not-quite where John is sitting on the sofa the very first time; and John had got on his knees.
John asks, "Do you want me to keep going?"
He takes a breath.
"We're changing the locks," John says, dumping the last of Mycroft's tea down the sink.
John brushes a thumb against him, just where his arse meets the mattress, and Sherlock inhales. John's back is prickling up.
—and "Listen," John finds himself saying, "would you like to get a drink sometime?"
John pets at Sherlock's hair, uselessly. His shoulders and back. He can feel himself starting to get hard, with Sherlock nuzzling at him—
"How do you mean?"
When John next stretches to rinse off the head of the razor, quietly Sherlock asks, "Spend a lot of time, do you, shaving other people?"
Easy. Their shapes.
"I'm sorry," Sherlock says.
"I am trying," Sherlock says, very quietly, after; and then puts his damp hand in the middle of John's back; and John scrubs the back of his wrist over his forehead, and sighs.
you—" and so heart pounding all over John lets Sherlock drag him up to his knees clumsy-clambering with his mouth empty hot-rubbed wet still tasting—his insides and his cock and his—
John swallows. Friend of his:
"How's it going?" George asks. "With Sherlock."
John remembers almost nothing about any part of that day, but he can still remember that. He can remember, also, that at first he had been flustered by her, and then excruciatingly embarrassed, and then furious about the entire thing: he had felt, obscurely, that he had been letting Sherlock down; a feeling he's always hated, but most particularly then.
Shifting. Drawn-away cold— "Mm." Hand out soft hair warm face.
, John thinks dizzily: twirling feathers snatched from air,
"Thank you," Sherlock says. Even his voice has melted: heavy and slow.
"No, I—" John laughs. "It doesn't make any sense when you put it like that, that's not—." He stops, pulls back a bit, takes a breath. Sighs. "I just mean that it's easy to lie to myself," he says, rubbing at his forehead, "when it's just me in here."
Again.
John is quiet for a minute. Thinking—moving ungraspable moth-thoughts. He is thinking about Sherlock's looming body, soft eyes, fluttering-indecisive long hands; in 2011, John is thinking, he'd texted Sherlock "SOS" from under the table so Sherlock'd popped up three and a half minutes later reeking of gunpowder and spilled three-quarters of a bottle of wine on John's date. He is thinking about Sherlock's face, warm against his throat.
"It's not as though I get nothing out of it," John says.
"The balance will be different from yours, I expect," Sherlock says. It comes out a hair too fast. "You won't have to press as hard."
and he would have him—wants him—
. Watching the two of them in Sherlock's bathroom mirror. Feeling Sherlock everywhere along his back. It gives John that same rubbed, tender feeling, as though by repeated action he is being made permeable all over, for Sherlock to better seep in.
— "te—" and then
"It's all right," Sherlock says, taking his hands back. "I don't like duck anyway."
, he thinks again; and then tucks that away, too. He opens the chart. Emma Lyon, 42. Severe asthma.
"Yeah," Sherlock says.
done this before. He has done this once before. He remembers being back in medical school, leaning over the shoulder of a girl barely past his collarbones whose name he can't recall while she made spaghetti bolognese in her cupboard of a kitchen in the two-bedroom flat she'd shared with three other girls: it'd been good, he remembers. The spaghetti. It'd been hot and fresh and tasted bright-sharp-red: like blood, he'd imagined, with the most particularly ingenious part of himself, back then. He'd never had the fresh-made sort before. His mum'd died before either Harry or he was properly old enough to learn to cook, and his dad had never learned how to do anything but warm things that came out of a tin. Two decades ago John can remember that he'd never had proper spaghetti bolognese before and that they'd never officially shared a flat and that in that kitchen pressed to that girl front to back while she cooked, his innards had squelched in a hot, queasy roil as he wondered, then, if he would—Nicola. That was her name, of course. Nicola Price: studied history; five foot nothing; liked to paint; and John hadn't stayed. They'd neither of them stayed. Instead Nicola Price had gone to Cambridge for a post-graduate degree and then stayed on there to teach, and John had gone to war; and that was the last time John'd hung about the kitchen just to watch somebody cook. In 2015 Sherlock is an altogether different construction, and John isn't taller by an inch, so instead of any of what he remembers he slides his arm about Sherlock's waist, forehead pressed to shoulder; and closes his eyes.
The boy spoke, but he did not answer Sherlock's question. 'What made you ask, sir? You don't seem to know me.'
Mycroft sighed. 'Are you sure you are going to keep him, Sherlock?'
“Sherlock?” she called out with hesitation.
'Mr Holmes?'
"I called the police," replied Mrs Hudson, "I'm sorry, Sherlock, I panicked, and..."
“What are your guesses?” John asked, looking innocently at Sherlock.
He looked at the child sleeping on Sherlock's lap. Sherlock's cold, thin fingers brushed his blond hair gently, and he looked sad and and desperate. 'I must, Mycroft,' he said in a low voice, carefully not to wake the boy up,'He's got no one. I can't send him anywhere. He needs to be cared for.'
Sherlock makes wrong guesses which turn out to be right. (Seems there's no need to read it anymore XD the summary says it all)
"Good."
'Oh you can't fool us now, Sherlock. We all know very well how much he means to you. That's why we did this. You are not our purpose, he is. And since I could easily kill him... There's no need of you here, Sherlock. Go home now, my dear, your work was done well.' He made a gesture, and the five killers fired at the same time.
Kissing: "You believed me?" John asks, kissing the saliva-wet planes of his breast, and Sherlock shudders all over and gasps, "I didn't believe you for an
John turns his head, nose to nose. "Don't even know why I like you," he says, and Sherlock's face crinkles up, eyes and chins and his awkward too-frank lopsided smile, which John twists to kiss.
,": sounding—
Breathe.
—and hand around him Sherlock lifts up his head.
John goes over to him. Tugs at his elbows, his wrists. He wants—
Sherlock swallows. One-two. One-two. "It is," he says, under his breath.
thinking about you when I slept with Vic. Just." He sighs. "Just not, I don't think, quite the way that you mean."
: clawing his wet hands across John's filthy duvet to drag himself towards the wall and the window with his back coiling up neck bowed to press his face to the duvet to muffle poorly another anguished, serrating sound. John gasps: tearing out of him, he can't, Christ how can he—just—let it not—
He likes the weekend, he finds. He hadn't, much, before: not even as a child. Harry'd always thought him insupportably strange. But now the weeks are Rhoda's time and the weekends his own—or Sherlock's, perhaps: the time when Sherlock can best and most unapologetically drag John all over London, irritated shot at half-drowned near-strangled, all delight.
John sighs. Straightens up, rubs at his face. He ought to catch up on his charting, have another cup of tea, eat the tired-looking prawn sandwich he'd grabbed at Sainsbury's on his way in. Sherlock's probably still passed out on his face bundled up in nothing but sheets on his rumpled white bed, lucky bastard. He'll probably not get up until John gets in, then lounge about their living room half-naked and unapologetic. Even if he's been awake for—
Sherlock sighs. "It's not—." He stops, swallowing. "I like—just thinking about it, a bit," he says. Sighing. He lifts a hand off John's side, apparently for the express purpose of waving it around. "A thought experiment, if you will."
Sherlock nods. Silent. He lets John take the pan out of his hands and then the dishtowel and he lets John tug him over to the sofa and then lies down half-next to, half-on top of him, with their knees jumbled up and their feet half hanging off the end. John wraps his arms around him. It's not at all a comfortable position. It still feels profoundly necessary and right.
John hadn't precisely missed it.
Even much later, after he's done all his charting and tidied his office and left Natalie grinding her teeth, still trying to undo everything Marcus'd done wrong in the four hours he'd had his feet up on her desk, even after John's walked back home and then remembered he hasn't got anything to eat, even once he's back to wandering around Tesco's with an empty basket, he still is—distracted. Off-balance. He still has a peculiar, sandpapery feeling sliding around in the base of his chest. Daisy Bowcott: he keeps trying not to think about her, but can't stop. She'd looked like a Daisy, too. She'd had her kids with her. John'd given them all stickers from the post-jab stash in reception: unicorn, strawberry, Iron Man. John scrubs at his hair and stares at the shelves and tries to decide: toast and eggs? Beans on toast?
, bubbling up all-over irrational undecimal immetric inside him; but Sherlock wouldn't thank him for changing the rules, he thinks. (Warm side. The sweat-sticky small of his back.) "Ten," John says, instead; and mouth-nose near-close Sherlock exhales. Not disagreement, that: their noses brush together, and John tightens his arm 'round his waist. Sherlock fits the soft-hollow frame of his mouth against the soft-hollow frame of John's mouth, and then. Rests. John tracing him in slow embracing half circles: spine, to navel, to spine. A beat; a breath: rest. Knuckles against his insensitive belly. Rising goosebumps all over his sides. Held still to the point of the tremor of a pulse: a pulse. A pulse. (Eleven.) (Fourteen.) The edges of their lips held just-at the point of contact: barely moving they stick, unstick; shared rest. Breathe. "Ten," John breathes: tongue touched to the insides of his teeth. Sherlock's breath catches: between them, held: John's fingers splayed between them, held: and Sherlock nods: once, short, hot.
, John is thinking, with his heart in his throat,
, John could
"But he doesn't think he was abused," John says, very quietly; and George shifts.
"Didn't mean to lie down after my shower," John murmurs, sliding his hand into Sherlock's thick hair. "Was going to get dressed and come downstairs. But."
Sherlock tenses up, straightening; and John soothes, smoothes. Soothes.
"Hi," whispered: John feels secret. "No, it's. Lovely." He swallows. "Just wanted to," kissing Sherlock's plumped-up pink mouth. Hands in his hair. "Good morning," John says, and lopsided-too-close Sherlock smiles.
"Fuck you so loose," around his wet squelching fingers, "you'd barely be able to hold onto me—"
"Hm." Sherlock shifts, pressing his hips up:
Sherlock is watching him, very very close, eyes dark. John swallows, thumbs over his bitten-red mouth, and then sits back to look bleakly at the mess he's made of his lap.
"I can't ask," John says. Hollow. "How—how
John swallows. "I sh—I didn't—" Swallows and swallows.
"I'd better not. I'd best get back to my shopping." She rubs at her face. "I got in this morning and all I've got in the flat is a half a pack of stale Hobnobs and some extremely moldy cheese."
"Toys," John says.
He clears his throat. He isn't looking away, somehow. His knee against John's knee, held tremblingly tight.
John puts both his hands around the cup. Drinks, then holds it out again. "I think that's yours," he says; but Sherlock shakes his head.
"Or should I ask instead if you're famous for turning your
"Not half," he says. "You're. Impatient."
"Yes, well, there's no accounting for taste," he says, and John grins.
and a bright red puffy scrape on the left side of his jaw. He's made two cups of tea. John tightens the tie of his dressing gown and comes over: Sherlock's eyes dart up, pale.
Behind his back the waitress's head is tilted to one side, the end of her ponytail brushing over her shoulder. The strands are catching on the fabric over her shoulders, and pulling apart. That smell, John thinks, in a sharp, startling burst: here and now separated into all its threads the girl's hair looks red, nearly. The sort of thing one notices. Burying your face in it and breathing in. Closing your eyes.
Bared. John could pull the duvet up tight 'round his ears. An instant: he could sleep; he could curl up tight on his side, he thinks, and close his eyes and be unconscious in an instant to wake up in three hours to Sherlock touching his half-formed body to solidify in his hands; but he doesn't. Instead he touches himself because Sherlock asked him to, feeling fractured off his foundations; he lies with his leg up rubbing at his arsehole in the cool morning air with all the rest of his strings cut; caught, like the light, on the familiar dips and curves of the back of Sherlock's bare body. Sherlock comes back to bed, and John slides an arm under his dark head. The mattress moves as Sherlock wriggles in close on his side, tighter and tighter until John's heart is pummeling against Sherlock's hot skin. Sherlock kisses John's chin, the side of his nose, tugging John's thigh up to his ribs, tucking his forearm under John's knee while he rubs his slippery cold fingers against-in between John's dry fingers and the bottle of lube, dropped against the back of John's leg, moves with the mattress with their weight.
His pulse is still racing. Breath hot in his lungs. He curls his fingers around the nape of Sherlock's neck and squeezes, opens, squeezes and opens, his hand slowing with Sherlock's heart and too hard to seem like a tease, until Sherlock is melted all over against him, breathing in.
"I should drown you," John tells him, watching Sherlock's face wrinkle up into his awkward half-inverted smile, not quite looking at him. The water is high enough in the bath that as John climbs over the edge and in he wonders if they'll make it overflow. Sherlock doesn't follow. John sits in the water alone watching him stand just outside by the taps and the shoved-back curtain and then—considering, John slides all the way to the back.
"Tell me," Sherlock says, sharp, and grabs at John's jaw; and "Didn't—didn't think—" face tilted up hands spasming down the back of Sherlock's little black pants like key in a lock, John slots into place falls open and gasps, "I—I shouldn't."
"Slow," Sherlock says, thick, licking pink bottom lip lean in John's lip bite hard-soft hard pushing up slow slow slow with long-sticky hands on John's face John's face John's face. John swallows—shallow-bottomed breathing in sweat Sherlock breathing hard rock up (
worried, then, can he? And John knows perfectly well that he, at least, is not a rational observer, on the subject of Sherlock's personal safety. Hasn't been, not for years.
"What are you doing?" Sherlock asks. Rubbing, transparently, against him: "Getting," John says, "something—else," and then his fingers find the pencil, and he sits back on his heels while Sherlock is petting at John's arsehole with his cheeks red and his lips shiny and parted and his cock and his nipples flushed and hard and jutting, obviously with a plan; and John grabs the lid in his teeth and leans in and holds Sherlock's chin and touches the tip to his cheek: one curving swipe, two; "What—," Sherlock asks, tugging back against his fingers, cross-eyed, "what are you—," as to finish John adds a swoopy-plump curving-out "W" touched to his other lines at its top, fat sides bulging out from the corners where they meet.
John is breathing hard. Sweating. His skin prickles with attention, the steel weight of Sherlock's soft unyielding mouth on his cheek. Scraps of torn ragged-edged thoughts and if he'd anything left in him he'd be flying to pieces but he isn't, because he doesn't, and Sherlock pins him in one place. Brushing at his hair and his cheek, nuzzling at the edge of his open panting mouth.
"Increasing our repertoire of breakfast foods, are we," he asks.
," John says; and George nods.
"It really," Sherlock says, frantic, "
John realizes: a different cliff-sharp rush; unavoidable then over then crashing splattered bones and blood and gasping, "
"That wasn't in the pictures," Sherlock says, voice blank.
Sherlock sets the bowl in the cupboard. "That Vic was gay, you mean?"
"No, but should I ever need to know, I'd imagine you'll be able to tell me," John says, and Sherlock wrinkles all his chins up while looking absurd and fond and pink and pleased, and so John can't help it, how he sounds when he says, "You're a little bit lubricated, aren't you."
But what John really wants is Sherlock warm just beside him: blushing, but letting John kiss him low down on his spine. What John wants is Sherlock wide-eyed and soft for him, mouth open, body warm; while John keeps him
"And—how long d'you have left, then," John asks. Topping up her glass. "In your hols."
HBBO and I had a very strange and frustrating internet research adventure trying to get the right connotation in French at the end of that little fencing adventure, which involved something like an hour and a half trying to find a passage in its original French for which we had both
John swallows, hot all over. "Yeah," he agrees. "For my cock." Forehead to forehead nose to nose mouth to mouth while he fucks three fingers into Sherlock's body and tells him, "I'd've kissed you like this over and over and slipped my big purple cock into you so slow you'd feel every—every sodding bump and dip," he whispers; and Sherlock squirming-hot under him bites at his lip, licks into his open-wide wanting mouth. "I'd've—"
"Sleeping?" George asks.
John swallows. Feeling—knocked over. Wrong. He can't—but Sherlock asked so he touches—he is touching—slow. Careful. He tells himself: he can do it slow, this time—this time he'll go slow, even if that first night in this bed Sherlock had said—and so John had—but if he'd known if he'd understood if he'd just for one second fucking
George doesn't say anything right away. He wouldn't, would he, John thinks, feeling the first blunt edges of, obscurely, anger: George is a first-class master of the clinically expectant pause. And it works, too, doesn't it: words rising up in John almost unwilling; until he bursts out, "He doesn't have orgasms. He—he
Sherlock scowls at him. John rolls his eyes and scowls back, and Sherlock barks out a laugh.
"The parts of me that
, John replies. Then adds,
Sherlock swallows, up-down, then shifts, rolling over onto his belly, his face still turned towards John's.
"Yes, with Tom, last I heard," Rhoda says. "John, are you bringing anyone?"
"John," he says, very quietly; and John opens his eyes, looking up. Sherlock's half-closed darkened eyes, long fingers curling up on his shoulder. Sherlock slides down against him, presses a kiss to John's sternum, then follows his mouth with his cheek.
John huffs. "Believe me," he says. "I did."
His hands. His knees. Trembling, isn't he.
His lips just brush against John's skin. Prickling: John can feel himself springing up sweat all over. He's still sticky from his run, as yet unwashed; salt crusted at his hairline. Then Sherlock darts his hand past John's hand to steal John's breakfast right out of the toaster, says, "I'll be back in two hours," and then straightens himself up and trots out of the kitchen, out down the stairs.
more important than whatever variation on hide the sausage you've apparently taken to playing with my brother"; and John says, "Excuse me—" rather more loudly than he'd intended, as Mycroft says, "but given my position and the imminence of the event in question, it did seem rather urgent" while John says, "but I'd appreciate it—" and Mycroft says "and since not all of us have the leisure to have a nice long lie-in of a Sunday," as John says "—if you'd just bugger off and let us—" while Mycroft is saying, "you'll excuse me for not considering that you two might be otherwise engaged," just as Sherlock sweeps in past the half-closed partition with his hands full and says, "Tea!" and then bangs two mugs down on the table to John's left, liquid sloshing over their rims.
it, but he can't—but he won't—"But you always get me out of the worst parties by showing up halfway through with a case," John says. Trying for light. "Don't you?"
"Sherlock screwing me into every horizontal surface in the flat doesn't hurt," John says, voice rough; and George is quiet, for a breath.
Sherlock shifts; the bed creaks. "But," he echoes. Unsaid.
"Ah," Sherlock asks, "French toast?" and John's mouth tilts. French toast: that's new.
"About you," Sherlock clarifies.
, Sherlock confirms, right away; and John inhales, pockets his mobile, and goes out for his next chart.
Pets back Sherlock's dark hair.
George waits. It's quiet. John can still hear Cleo next door, with her one o'clock: a low muffled arpeggio of laughter, and something near silence, for a while.
He turns, looking up at John's face. His muddy-colored eyes.
Sherlock's no-color eyes are wide. Lips parted.
"Yeah." Sherlock exhales. "Chloe will be here early again, so I." Inhales. "I have to pack tonight."
"I want," Sherlock says, and then swallows. Gasps: "
—" with his big hand off the base of his prick to John's soaked chin to pull him down and—and open wider so—grunting John fucks his two fingers into him while Sherlock is—shoving in groaning against the back of John's full-closed up throat. "John," Sherlock gasps, "John,
Behind him, Sherlock says, "Yes."
"Yeah," John says. "With Sherlock and his—er. Things."
"Yeah, I know," John says. "But then he turned around, and came back. And."
; and shattered John helpless moans: Sherlock would, he would fit his fingers in against John's hard shuddering purple cock shoved deep into his body while John—while John slipped his fingers over the hard nub of his clit and rubbed and then rubbed and then
. Thinking:
woken up with a raging erection, needing to piss, as he burrows deeper underneath Sherlock's fluffy white duvet and breathes them both in.
"Probably safest." She uncrosses her ankles, pushes herself straight. "You'll lock up, then."
John swallows. "You keep me in line," hushed. Sherlock's heart thumping above him-against him and his heart thumping back.
"Glad to be of service," he says.
They kiss, John thinks, for quite some time.
"Why have you been skipping history?" he asks. John gasps, blinking. He didn't expect it, he doesn't—the cane in the air and Sherlock wants him to— "An answer, Mr. Watson, if you please," Holmes says; and John swallows the whine coiling up in his throat and says, "S'all a bit useless, isn't it?" and the cane snaps down into his skin: not hard. He still groans.
In the back of the car. Quieter. Touching—he touches. Face. It is tacky, unsmooth. The hands are. Heavy. Misshapen. He feels—the heart. Palm on the chest: at the fingertips, the thud. Thud. Thud. In the car it is is cool and quiet. Not dark, but not, either, quite bright. The driver has slid the car outward, into the traffic. Breathing with him on the line while John's breath lifts his ribs. Resettles them. His pulse at his fingertips thuds, thuds, thuds.
—" and John reaches up to find Sherlock's white-knuckled fist on the duvet and interlace their fingers, tight, while Sherlock pants, "I—ngh—J—" and twitches while John sucks, licks him wet and drooling, open-mouthed, works his tongue up the underside with his lips drawn
"No, it's—I know," Sherlock says, and then sighs. "I know Marianne's got
Sherlock bites at the edge of John's jaw. "I do," he agrees. "I believe that you're
to you." He bites it out: ferocious. Enraged. "Not—things you chose, or didn't choose, or—all the people you thought about being, and then—then decided not to be."
," he says, voice flat. His expression is saying:
: Sherlock touching him all over and his skin on his hands and his tongue in his m-mouth while he is crouched unsteady shaking with his hand sliding down from Sherlock's shoulder to his collar to sternum; and Sherlock flinches, and grabs his wrist.
John watches Sherlock. Red, sweat shining. Eyes shut tight as he swallows and swallows with his erection dripping onto his belly. John shoves down every idiotic thing he is full of swimming inside, and then eases himself down onto the carpet by Sherlock's bent up right arm. Lies on his side. Almost close enough to be touching, but not quite.
"Right," George says, "and you were unhappy"; and half-sitting on the radiator, John stares up at the blank, depthless expanse of the ceiling.
and Sherlock moans squirming underneath him, his big hands heavy on the back of John's head.
(which Sherlock had added, an apology; and which later John would touch, over and over, until the blue ink faded and the paper blurred, going fuzzy and whitening; smudged); and all around the edges is written
—" and then
John scrapes his teeth against him: Sherlocks ribs lift, and lift. John comes up just enough to kiss his lovely mouth, once. Twice. Four times. Sherlock is tugging at his hair again, though: delirious with it, he slides back down, asking, "They usually pretend at one—"
—downstairs. Back downstairs, where there is enough cool air through the open windows that he can breathe again, all the cleancrisp air of the city after the rain: lovely, really. The sky blue in patches, through the gaps in the clouds. With Sherlock out, John hasn't anything to do, really. He supposes he could—dust, perhaps. It's in drifts, whenever he does it, which he doesn't, often: gathered on all the books and endless parading herds of
as Sherlock had
. Thinking,
Even wet Sherlock's hair is something else, silky-thick and warm and soft, foaming up white in a palmful £52 shampoo that smells like nothing so much as the overpriced coconut gelato that John, in 1987, returning from a school trip to Pompeii, blew all his pocket money on for the sake of a tall blonde in the upper sixth called Cissy.
"You already liked me in purple," Sherlock says, quiet, close.
Sherlock flicks on the lamp. Without the duvet, his bed looks strangely unfamiliar. The room, too. It oughtn't: John's been in Sherlock's room often enough, checking on him throughout the three-day crash following a five-week case; arguing about the efficacy (generally nonexistent) of his various disguises; helping him rearrange his furniture, and so forth. But still: disorientating, and then Sherlock cups his face in both hands and gives him a deep, hungry kiss, and so John closes his eyes. John wants—he wants to pull all Sherlock's clothes off so he pushes Sherlock's shirt up, shoves his hands into his pajama bottoms—and Sherlock pulls back for breath. Squirming. Breathing hard.
