This chapter is.. well its super kinky and involves vomit and a blowjob. And feelings! I'm not a monster, just horny. There's only two paragraphs of actual emetophilia and I have put a warning down so you'll know what to skip if its not your cup of tea. If you do not want to read any part of this, skip to the end notes for a summary.
“It makes me feel good.” Sherlock admitted. “My body feels weightless, I’m not hungry or uncomfortable, I’m allowed to just exist in my mind without my transport getting in the way.” John nodded.
“Good, John. Don’t stop, I love it.” Sherlock moaned, desperatly suckling on the massive drooling cock head in front of his lips. John chuckled at his desperation, teasing him with the tip before uncerimoniously shoving himself back into Sherlock’s tight throat.
He pulled his shirt over his head carefully and looked down to examine the damage. It had rolled into a tight coil underneath his breasts, his nipples were red and raw and the metal clasp had left a scratch from under his armpit to the edge of the bandage. He pulled the clasp off and the coiled cloth immediately unwound, leaving his skin burning slightly from the sudden rush of blood to his nerve endings. He bit his lip and unwound the rest of it, throwing it in a crumpled pile to the floor. There was a deep bruise circling the middle of his ribs, he was sure it went all the way round to his back. It was darkest on his sides, where his lungs had tried to expand but couldn’t. It looked like he had been strung up to a tree under his breasts and left there for a week.
“Why do you do it?” His voice was soft, Sherlock almost didn’t catch the words. He shifted his stance, folding his arms.
“Oh for sure.” He chortled. They stood in silence for a few minutes, gazing about the dead grass in John’s paltry back yard. John sighed and motioned for Sherlock to take a seat on the swinging chair. It was more of a love seat, two cushions with tattered fabric covers, connected to a rusty spring that allowed the users to kick their feet and “glide” back and forth. After a few terrifying screeches they mutually agreed just to sit. Sherlock pulled a pack of cigarettes out of one of his many pockets, silently asking John if it was alright. After a small nod, he lit up and sat back.
“Annoy my brother. It’s his only day off, I like to keep him working, ‘least he go soft.” Sherlock smirked as John shook his head.
That was it. That’s what drew in the tall boys attention. The slight dip under the shirt in the shoulders, the line at the base of the neck under the collar, the clothes on general. Not boys clothes. The deducing had started.
“Still could have gone longer.” Sherlock replied. John looked up at him with a small smile on his face.
“Woah…” He muttered, slowly walking into the room and stepping over articles of clothing. There were tall bookshelves lining the walls high into the vaulted ceiling, filled with science books and several complete encyclopedias from different years. There were charts and medical maps on the walls and he thought he spotted a few x-rays clipped to a makeshift light board hung on the wall as well.
“My apologies, dear boy. It seems my prescription is a bit weak.” She sent him a wink, John averted his eyes.
“Sherlock?” John knocked on his door. Sherlock yanked his hand out of his pants, slamming his head against the door in surprise, then cursing. John cracked open the door, peeking around to give Sherlock a curious glance. “You feeling alright?” He asked. Sherlock nodded, maybe too quickly.
The doorbell rang and he jumped up to grab his coat, slipping the gift into his pocket, then ran down stairs.
He rolled off the sofa, listening to all of his joints crack out of the position he’d kept for-Sherlock glanced at the clock- a solid twelve hours and 15 seconds now. His ankles creaked as he touched his bare feet down to the cold floor. They had a rug down, but the chill from outside crept into the wooden planks and pipes beneath the floor, making the rug frigid with it too. He walked slowly to the kitchen, robotically grabbing the bread and butter off the counter. It had also been several days since he’d eaten. There was no case to keep his mind occupied, and there hadn’t been for a while. He’d solved a grand double homicide last month, but since then, there had been nothing. Lestrade had sent over a few cold case files, per John’s request for his tempered flat mate, but they held no interest to Sherlock. He put two slices of bread in the toaster and moved to sit down at the table. He traced his thin fingers over the most recent damaged spot, frowning. He’d been testing different acid effects on bullets, one of the stronger types had eaten through the container and gotten ahold of the finish on the table, starting a small fire. John wasn’t as angry as he’d expected, after the initial panic to the flame, he and Sherlock both reached for the bag of flower they kept for just these occasions, and managed to put out the flame with minimal damage to the table. John scolded Sherlock for keeping a jar of acid on the table that they ate on, then griped about how idiotic the container was, joking for Sherlock to get the industrial ones. Sherlock had inclined his chin, but said nothing. There wasn’t much to say recently.
John was falling again, only this time there was no sound. He felt as though his body was stuck in an unnervingly silent freefall, descending deeper and deeper into a dark abyss. And he felt hot. Too hot. He watched in horror as his robes began to burn away into tiny embers above him until there was nothing left. His skin was next and he thought he could feel a lick of flame curl at the small of his back. He tried to shout, but no sound passed his lips. Then his naked tormented body abruptly made contact with the ground or what he assumed was the bottom of the dark pit. But as he tried to lift his weary bones, something held him down. That was when he realised he had landed on a sea of hands, all hungrily attempting to grab onto his limbs. John tried to yank himself away, but it was no use. He was being held down in a vast array of harsh grips. Then the hands began to explore, stroking him all over, from light caresses through his sweat slick hair to more intimate parts of him. He felt himself being probed and fondled, causing his cock to begin to swell and engorge, resulting in a small groan to slip from his lips. His eyes flew open upon hearing a familiar voice.
is over with, you can all get to back to work!” He barked. “You,” he pointed at a small group of servants, “You lot go prepare a room for them and you”, he pointed again, “Help those two carry our guest’s things to his room.” He indicated behind him to Molly and the servant accompanying her, both now really struggling to balance all of Sherlock’s various bags. Lestrade was about to turn away when he stopped to squint at everyone. “Hold up a minute…where’s Watson?”
“Alright alright, settle down now”, came Lestrade, jabbing at the gossiping servants. Molly stole a quick glimpse at the others in the yard and noticed something was missing. She leaned her head to the side so as to subtlety gain the attention of the other servant next to her.
, when the figure unexpectedly spun around to swing a leg at their pursuer. However, thanks to the blonde’s training, his body responded before his brain did and he ducked to avoid receiving a blow to the head. Pushing himself upwards from his crouched position, he shot forwards with the goal of landing a fist into the thief’s stomach. It would seem however that his opponent was an equal match, as they blocked and deflected the jab, shoving John to the side. The figure cut through the crowd once more to disappear down an empty side street. The blonde huffed in frustration and quickly followed suit.
They had been walking for what felt like hours when John decided to be the one to finally break their stubborn silence. “Exactly where are we going?” He called out, puffing in exhaustion.
The woman spun around to throw a gleaming smile at her old friend, clasping her hands together in excitement. “An apprentice? How delightful!” She turned her head slightly to cast her eyes up and down John’s body. He did his level best not to squirm under her prying gaze. “So you’ll be in town for a while then?”
The proposition was met with a thick silence. The blonde was now grateful that the dark served to hide his blush of embarrassment. He was about to retract his suggestion and bid the other man good night when he responded. “Yes alright.”
John couldn’t help but let out a small chuckle. Rubbing the back of his head, he bent down to pick up the brush, crossing over to hand it back to Molly. He gave her another one of his small smiles, “I reckon I could take it.”
under the table and forced himself to swallow. He may be accustomed to following orders as a servant, but as a
Sherlock rose and despite John’s indomitable attitude, it was the first time he’d ever felt genuinely intimidated by his superior. The dark haired man made a bee line for the blonde, who took a step back in response. A flurry of thoughts exploded in John’s mind, attempting to best decide whether punching this man in the face would be worth the consequences that would inevitably be brought down upon him soon after. The man in question spoke before the smaller of the two could react to the diminishing amount of personal space left between them. “Not really my area,
The words cut through John like a razor blade. Balling his fists in both shock and fury, he let out a long breath of air through his nostrils. He knew Sherlock was right, but the anger brewing within him refused to subside. He felt a burning need to land a blow on the smug face of the taller man in front of him. He resigned to digging his fingernails into the palms of his hands instead. Sherlock observed the blonde’s reaction before speaking again.
to retrieve the stolen bag of coins. Sherlock was about to lean forwards to retrieve what was his when John stepped forward. “Wait! He’s armed.” The dark haired man stopped to observe his apprentice, making a point of staring at the wound he was clutching. John huffed at the unnecessary expression of worry that tinged Sherlock’s features. “I’m fine.” The blonde mumbled, as he approached the assailant. “Keep your hands up where we can see them.” The figure nodded, but avoided John’s eyes. The blonde approached with caution, crouching beside the culprit to roughly pull apart their robe and hastily grab the purse. At this proximity, John was able to catch a glimpse of the thief. He just about saw the face underneath the hood and he could’ve sworn he’d seen this man before…
that helped he prepare moments before his performance. Despite the small shouts of protest urging to fall from his lips, he allowed himself to be carried away, surrendering to the exhaustion that soon swept over his body.
belt as he did so. “Are all of Mother’s servants as disrespectful as you are? Maybe your punishments ought to be more severe.” He began to remove his
The visitor flicked his gaze from where Molly was previously stood and onto Mother, who was stood gawping in the middle of the path. Annoyance spread across the visitor’s features, “Really now, I fail to see how my attire should be of any interest to you, Mother. Or should I say, brother.” The servants all stared in shock, some whispering in disbelief. Could these two men really be related by blood? They were polar opposites in terms of their appearance. The two men locked eyes with one another with such ferocity; everyone else couldn’t help themselves from nervously darting their eyes at each other.
“It.. it started with the toilets. I was curious, because I knew where you were going, so I looked at your profile and it made me wet. I hadn’t felt arousal towards another person since University until that point, needless to say I needed to, ah, experiment.” His voice went husky at the end, dropping into that delicious baritone that sent a shiver up John’s neck. John’s cock was more than semi erect at that point.
“I didn’t want to overwhelm you, seeing as you’re new to this and all.” He was surprised when Sherlock snorted at him, picking up a sausage and taking a bite out of it.
“John, you’ve- Me?” Sherlock asks, his heart thumping loudly. He almost doesn’t dare imagine that John would have felt anything akin to lust at the thought of him, despite of his confession not thirty minutes ago.
"There is no way I'm older than you. That's... just not right." Sherlock looked almost surprised now. Apparently he had thought he was older than John as well.
“So my girl, are you dear William’s sweetheart? Should we be expecting a happy announcement soon?” John stammered at the suggestion that he and Sherlock were together, but the taller boy spoke before he could think of a sentence to form.
, and looked about the science equipment and various experiments lying about the tables. He sniffed the air and wrinkled his nose. “Is that sulfur?”
“Oh my, I mean, yes. That's perfectly fine. Such a respectable young man.” Sherlock had worked his charm to the best of his abilities, and seeing that it was a success, he dragged John into the patio before his mother could yell again.
“I know what it feels like to be bullied. To be called the wrong name, the wrong gender. Even by family. But luckily, my brother isn’t so daft. I’ve been on hormones since I hit puberty at the age of thirteen. I do apologize that yours hasn’t been even the least bit of kind.” Sherlock replied.
“Mouthwash?” He asked quietly. John smiled at him and grabbed the bottle from the mirror cabinet. Sherlock took it graciously, spitting in the trash can when he was finished. John took advantage of Sherlock’s minty mouth, pressing a soft kiss to his lips before helping him into the bath. He took a moment to wipe a warm rag over his cock.
“I apologize, madam. I did not know you felt so strongly about your children entertaining in their rooms, shall we sit outside instead?” Sherlock asked, his voice was smooth like butter, making John’s mother loosen her grip, the “sultry” smile fading back into place.
“Well you don’t expect all of my clothes to fit up there do you? Besides it's easier to throw them down here when I take them off rather than lug a basket full of clothes down the ladder. It's more efficient that way.” Sherlock sniffed, walking past him and towards the ladder. “You can put your coat wherever.” John discarded it on the floor near the door and followed him to the ladder.
,” he pressed harder, making him gag. “Are so ignorant it makes the surrounding area drop IQ points.” The greasy blond’s eyes rolled back in his head and he started sniffling. “Now, I sincerely suggest you leave this
“Shove off, Collin.” He growled. His voice was deep for being pre hormones. But it was forced and cracking slightly. He obviously wanted to show off to this Collin bloke that he was masculine. But the bully didn't like that. He sneered and shoved the boy back into the train seat by his shoulders, the ‘ooph’ he let out made the bully smirk and his goonies snicker behind him. The boy’s fists clenched. He threw a punch and Sherlock stood up. The bully hit back and several of his goons tried to join in, Sherlock started towards them. A muffled cry and the sight of blood had him yanking two of them back by the collar. They choked and stayed down, he grabbed the main cause of the problem, yanking him back by his hair. The bully was tall, but Sherlock still had a few inches on him, and he was far more graceful than this brute. Spinning him with a flourish of his black trench coat and a jingle of chains, Sherlock had him back against the train window, one hand yanking his hair, the other at his throat. Collin looked like he was about to shit his pants as Sherlock glared into his eyes. The cocaine had probably made his pupils defy physics, and he was sure his hair had become a rats nest of wild curls. Matched with his height and the adrenaline, he was sure he looked pretty intimidating.
“Here,” John pressed a glass to his lips after he recovered a little. Sherlock let water be poured down his throat, and a few moments later he nodded.
“Let’s just get the hell out of here.” He mumbled into his coat. The taller boy nodded and trotted down the stairs to a sleek black car.
Everything about John’s actions pointed towards a date night. Everything but the small beard he was sporting. John always shaved for his date. Sherlock had questioned him about it, John had shrugged, and glanced at him awkwardly.
“Oh no you’re not, you slut.” His mum growled, all the playful sexualness was imediatly replaced with seething rage. “The last thing I need is another delinquent harlett in my house, your sister’s curiosity was bad enough, but at least she can’t get knocked up.” John flinched, this was going worse than he ever imagined.
“They’re probably both passed out drunk right now, Harry’s probably not even home. And besides, you owe me a Christmas present.” He smiled. Sherlock nodded.
“Right then, should I be calling you a ride home then?” He pulled his phone out of his pocket, going to dial the chauffeur, but John reached out and grabbed his wrist.
"I'll pay." He said casually. John tried to sway him but after just one attempt he realized there was no refusing, and then when he tried to suggest the cheapest place he could, Sherlock scoffed and pulled on his jumper sleeve, leading him into a semi fancy restaurant. The hostess gave them an odd look as they walked in. Massively tall Sherlock with his trench coat and piercings, followed by the devastatingly short John in his plain looking jumper and pyjama bottoms. He was sure they made quite the sight. But she quickly schooled her features into a smile, leading them towards a table buried all the way in the back by the kitchens. Sherlock didn't seem put off by the obvious feeling of unwelcomeness, he seemed to bask in the privacy.
“Come on, someone probably called the cops.” He said through clenched teeth before standing up and walking off towards a coffee shop across the street. Sherlock pulled himself off the ground as well, following him.
"Why wouldn't I take you to a restaurant? It has better quality food than any of the other health code violations on this street, based on our appearances and this establishment's clientele, I knew we would get a semi private booth so that we could talk in peace. Because I imagine the topic of our gender will eventually come up today, and just in case it happens while we're eating, I thought you would be more willing to talk while out of earshot of the general public." John took a moment to chew on the information, and just as he was about to respond the waiter came to their table to ask for their drinks.
"Nothing good." He said. But before John could ask him to clarify, he sat up on his sofa cushion, then leaped to his feet, grabbing John's hand on the way.
This took a while to write, I wasn't quite sure where I wanted to go with this fic, how many chapters and such, but I think I have a pretty solid plan now. Updates will be infrequent, as I do not have a summer job yet, but I do plan to have one eventually -.- Thanks for reading! Comments are much appreciated :3
“M’ning, love.” He replied softly. Sherlock hummed, then took a bracing breath before detangling himself from John and stretching out his long limbs, arching his back beautifully. John stroked his fingers down Sherlock’s sternum as he stretched. He wasn’t able to stop himself from squeezing the slander mans swollen, pink nipples, causing the man to let out a soft moan. He settled back into the covers and looked over to John shyly through his hair. The older man smiled at him, rolling onto his side and brushing the thick black curls out of his face. He leaned forward and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s lips before settling down a few inches away, one hand thumbing at his nipple.
“Jane, you lazy shite.” Harry screeched through the door. John just groaned louder and rolled onto his stomach, before gasping at the sharp pain in his chest.
“I’m fine John.” He said, quietly. John’s expression softened, his fingers twitched, like he wanted to reach out to Sherlock. Sherlock shifted his posture unconsciously, ducking his head down and crouching his shoulders, becoming smaller out of his anxiety. John looked away for a second, then met Sherlock’s eyes with a concerned gaze.
“The beard, it didn’t, it didn’t make sense.” Sherlock muttered weakly, shaking his head, moving past John to the hallway. John stood aside, scratching his stubble absentmindedly, watching Sherlock wobble down the hall to his room, locking himself inside. John sighed, staring at the door for a while longer, frowning. Sherlock had been distant recently, extremely distant. John could at least always get some sort of annoyance out of him, but now he was lucky if Sherlock even made eye contact with him. John shook his head, walking into the bathroom, rubbing at the stubble on his jaw. He stared into the mirror and decided it was time for a shave. He ran the faucet, gathering his cream and his razor.
At the same time, Sherlock was fussing over which belt went best with his wallet chain. Really, it was ridiculous, John didn’t care which belt he wore. He probably won’t even notice.
The thought sent a hazy wave of dizziness over him, and he was glad he was sitting down. He swallowed against the dryness of his throat and snuck a hand between his own legs, stroking lightly at the slickness in his cleft.
The rest of the dinner was had uneventfully. Every time someone would call Sherlock something even remotely masculine, Lydia would give a little twitch. John was beginning to suspect that everyone but her and maybe Siegfried were on board with the whole Sherlock being a boy thing. The staff called him William, Mycroft repeatedly called him ‘brother’ in some way or another, and even their father seemed to use neutral terms around him. Everyone at the table had a small conversation with either him or Sherlock, mostly Sherlock. Siegfried gave John a small not of acknowledgment when the dinner was over and the staff on call was taking away the desert plates and the people were standing from their seats. Sherlock tried to snatch John away as quickly as they could, but Myrial caught them at the doorway. Sherlock let out an impatient huff, muttering ‘yes, yes, I know.’ before begrudgingly giving the expectant old woman a kiss on the cheek. She grabbed him in a fierce hug, whispering something in his ear that caused his neck to turn red. John giggled into his hand as he watched the display. Sherlock pulled back from the hug with a fond smile.
“I know it's kind of girly but-” Sherlock’s large warm hand cupped his jaw and all of a sudden Sherlock’s lips were pressed against his. It was a slow press of soft lips against slightly chapped ones, and it seemed to last an eternity and a second all at once. John forgot to close his eyes, so when Sherlock pulled back he was left frozen and staring like and arse.
“I-I didn’t mean to upset you, John. Don’t misunderstand, I am eternally grateful for how much he helped me and continues to do so, it's just… We aren’t close. Its different for us. We’re different. It's just how we work. Him getting me hormones inst a bonding exercise, just like giving an injured person a bandage isn't and emotional thing. It’s just common sense to us. Give medicine to the sick.” John shrugged and Sherlock gave him a pained look. They sat in silence for a few moments before Sherlock bumped the smaller boy with his shoulder.
“Sherlock, you didn't tell me you lived in a bloody mansion!” He exclaimed, looking down at his ratty christmas sweater under his stained, hand me down coat, and his too long jeans that he had walked holes into. “I’m underdressed..” Sherlock snickered and gestured to what he was wearing. His facial piercings had green and red balls on the ends instead of their traditional silver, and his gauges were replaced with sparkly christmas trees and he had dangling ornament earrings hanging beneath them. Underneath his traditional black trench coat with chains, is a black shirt with a skull wrapped in christmas lights on it, followed by black ripped jeans and combat boots.
John helped Sherlock up and they all piled onto the sofa. John studied Irene and Sherlock as they took the first few puffs. When it got passed to John he looked over at Sherlock with a look that said
“There were a handful of close calls over the last five or six years. It was getting harder to stay immune.” Sherlock looked at John briefly but then hastily turned away. “I hit a weak point in the summer of 2014. After a night out, one thing lead to another and I went home with a man whose name I didn’t even know, but I changed my mind and left before too much happened.” He shrugged. “I bought cocaine instead.”
John looked down at the floor. “Turns out, he wouldn’t be the only man I’d feel attracted to. So, I’ve come to terms with the fact that I’m mostly straight,” John risked a glance at Sherlock and found his icy blue eyes piercing into him, “but with a few exceptions.”
Just then, Gavin and Molly stand up and walk toward their coats. “We’d better be off,” Lestrade announces. “I’ve gotta work tomorrow and if I stay any longer I’m on the fast track to nursing a headache in the morning.”
Still… It doesn’t change the fact that the situation was a little dizzying. John’s reaction was curious. And the thing he did with his mouth…
Sherlock rolled off the sofa and they started heading towards the stairs. Irene waved them away. “Good Lord, your poor landlady… I’ll wait here. Don’t be too long!”
“And what about you, John? Are you planning to stay the night?” He was sure she asked the question with as much innuendo as possible, but he tried his best to ignore it.
Sherlock shakes his head. What’s done is done. No point in ruminating. John will get over it and so must he.
John beams. He hasn’t seen a smile so dazzling on John’s face since he doesn’t know when. It makes his heart flutter and he can’t help but smile back. But then John schools his features and leans back in his chair, crossing his legs. “In what capacity?”
John felt his his heart rate pick up. Sherlock looked momentarily lost but then his features returned to the easy smile he’s kept on his face all evening. “Easy.”
“One step ahead of you.” She looked down at her phone. “My ride is already here.” She took off Sherlock’s shirt and folded it neatly. As she collected her personal items, she shouted, “Go ahead and keep the dressing gown, Sherlock. Consider it a souvenir. It looks better on you anyways.”
I hope you do – but not tonight.” John stopped once he was practically touching Sherlock, faces just inches apart. “Tonight, we’re going to go back into your bedroom and fall asleep next to each other. And when you wake up in the morning with my body pressed against you, you’re going to tell me if you still want me. And I should probably warn you,” John began running his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, “that you really got me keyed up tonight, so I’m going to rock hard in the morning.”
Sherlock turned his body and laid across the length of the sofa – his shirt sliding up his stomach just enough to expose a small patch of porcelain skin. John unintentionally licked his licks and his eyes darted back to Irene to see if she noticed. Her lips curled into a smirk and he knew he had been caught.
Once the buttons were undone, Sherlock peeled the shirt off and took the dressing gown from Irene. As he reached back to put his arms through the holes, his chest stuck out on display and John couldn’t help but lick his lips. If John had a mind palace, he would be taking pictures right now to hang on his bedroom wall. It wasn’t the fact that Sherlock was wearing a woman’s lacy dressing gown that turned him on – it was the fact that Sherlock was virtually shirtless. The dressing gown fit snug on his fit body, leaving his perfect chest and abdomen exposed. God, the man was gorgeous. Lean, but muscular.
part). Sherlock did his best to be patient when she started crying and hugging him and, with a profound effort, allowed the embrace for as long as Molly needed. It was the least he could do after the way he had treated her.
Sherlock began pouring the alcohol into John’s navel and John did his best to stay still, despite the nervous chuckle bubbling up inside him. “I’m surprised you even know what a body shot is.”
Sherlock hums and John makes quick work of the buttons before removing the shirt completely. He rolls off the bed and quickly tugs off his trousers and pants, cock springing to life and Sherlock wants to reach out and run his tongue across it. It’s thick. Thicker than the average size for a man of John’s height and weight. His mouth waters. He arches off the bed to remove his own garments, and they both stop to stare at each other, taking in each other’s gloriously naked bodies.
“Actually, Harry has Rosie all weekend, so I’m free for the next few days. But if you two want some alone time…”
Irene roll her eyes. “Oh for the love of – look, I didn’t come here just to watch two men fall asleep together on the sofa together. At least not fully clothed. C’mon, let’s
John returned to his chair, noticing that Irene had made her way over to the window again and was blowing smoke out into the chilly air. Sherlock immediately joined her, leaning his long body against the wall next to the window. Once again, John found himself paying close attention to the way Sherlock’s lips closed around the cigarette and the round shape of his mouth as he exhaled.
John hears Mrs. Hudson speaking, but he couldn’t tell you a word she’s said in the past ten minutes.
John stood up straight and put the beret on, studying Sherlock’s expression as he did so. Sherlock’s eyes widened the moment the beret was settled on his head and John was filled with a surge of confidence.
John smiled and took Sherlock’s hand, bringing it to his mouth to place a tender kiss on his knuckle. “I love you, Sherlock.”
When they finally left, it was practically midnight. Sherlock grabbed as many treats as he could fit into his arms on the way out and they made the trek back upstairs. When they got back into the flat, Irene was nowhere in sight.
John bites down onto his bottom lip and presses his cock against Sherlock’s entrance. “Here we go.” He begins moving slowly, filling Sherlock inch by inch and Sherlock squeezes his eyes tight, breathing in 1-2-3-4, holding 1-2-3-4, and exhaling 1-2-3-4.
Sherlock woke with a feeling of apprehension. He could tell from the light peering through his bedroom window that it was late afternoon, which meant the annual Christmas party at 221B was in just a few hours. He had spent the last few days fretting over how events would play out, denying himself the sleep that he apparently needed, until his body failed him in his efforts to stay awake.
Sherlock studied John, as he would a new piece of evidence. John decided not to hide what his body was undoubtedly screaming so loudly that even Anderson could figure it out. John was tired of pushing down his feelings and for the first time ever, he had a glimmer of hope that his feelings might be reciprocated.
Sherlock flicked ash out the window. “It’s my turn now, yes? Alright, I’ll give you what you both want.”
He has nothing to be ashamed of, of course, but he fears that it may create awkwardness between them on the very night they were supposed to enjoy some easy time spent together.
Sherlock took a long, thoughtful drag from his cigarette. “I know you think I’m a virgin, and I haven’t done much to disprove the theory. I fear that’s because it’s a history I’m not proud of. I’m not a virgin – far from it. As you know, I have a bit of a sordid past. My sexual experiences are no different, mostly involving the participation in or the procurement of drugs.”
Sherlock feels blood rush to his groin. “Just to clarify, you want to engage in sexual relations, actions ranging from kissing to anal penetration, with me?”
In addition to the mouth fixation, John has glanced at Sherlock’s throat one hundred and twelve times, his hands eighty-three times, and his pelvic region twenty-one times. And those are just the times Sherlock has caught.
Sherlock deliberately looked up into John’s eyes and began bringing the bottle up towards his mouth, taking a long inhale through his nose as the bottle drew closer against his face. As he exhaled, he gave John a twisted grin before breathing in the smell again, longer this time. As he breathed out, he momentarily closed his eyes and let out a low moan that set John’s senses on high alert.
John snuggles into Sherlock and pulls the blanket over them, running his fingers through Sherlock’s curls. It’s delightful and he’s never felt so ordinary in his whole life. He thought he was above all this, but there’s nothing for it: he’s completely and utterly besotted with John Watson.
Sherlock feels blood rushing from his head and stands dumbfounded for a moment. He always made a habit of being covered with clothing (or at very least, a sheet) during the time John lived with him, so this was undoubtedly the most of Sherlock’s skin John has ever been exposed to. Even his incident in Buckingham Palace didn’t reveal as much.
When they were done, they all settled further into the couch, John surrounded on each side by Sherlock and Irene, and they seemed to let a few minutes (or an hour, who knows) tick by while simply feeling the sensations running through their bodies. John’s mind was slowed down to a blissful state and he started thinking about the fact that they had all just smoked pot together, which made John start giggling. Then his laughter made Sherlock start laughing, and then Irene joined in and they were all just laughing at each other. He’s too old to be acting like this, he thought, but it did feel pretty great. He needed this. He needed to loosen up a bit.
Irene slid off the sofa and crossed the room towards John. “Well nice to see you too, Doctor Watson,” she said, as she gently placed her hand on his neck and placed a kiss on his cheek.
His voice trailed off when he was struck by the sight of Irene Adler snuggled up on the sofa with Sherlock, the two talking and laughing. Sherlock’s legs were stretched out in front of him while Irene’s were draped across his body, reclining against the arm of the sofa. John had been too shocked at first to notice that the flat smelled even more potent than it was downstairs.
Sherlock would normally refuse. He hates the way alcohol dulls his senses and slows brain work. But this is John, and he supposes it will encourage “bonding.”
It’s hard not to fantasize about what could have happened if he hadn’t acted like such a bumbling fool when he walked in on him. What would Sherlock have done if he had stuck around and marveled at Sherlock’s body, like the way he marvels at his brain? Sherlock likes when he praises his intellect. Would he like to hear just how much John appreciates his body, too? God, John would worship that body. Or what if he had stomped across the room and pushed Sherlock back against the wall and –
John and Sherlock maintained eye contact for a few moments longer than strictly platonic friends probably should. He was sure they were both thinking about the new information they have both learned about each other.
Irene looked at John from across the room and hummed appreciatively. “I love a man in uniform. So sexy. Sherlock, doesn’t John look sexy?”
This weekend would be a nice chance to try to feel like himself again. Rosie was staying at Harry’s for a ‘girls weekend,’ so John was kid-free and eager to make the most of it. He had lined up a date for Friday night and rather hoped to take the woman back to his place for a shag (it had been too long), but instead he was leaving the restaurant alone with not even the promise of a second date. With nothing to do back home, he pulled out his phone as he left the restaurant and sent out a text.
“Bored.” He spun the chair again. John sighed and rolled his eyes, shifting under his blanket, noting how sore his ribs were. Nothing should be broken, he didn’t have an impact on anything, at worst a deep bruising, but that was still improbable. He pulled the blanket back a bit and looked down at himself. The bruising wasn’t too bad on his breasts, the stretch marks on the sides had turned purple, his nipples had turned a shade darker, but really it was his ribs that ached.
“Am I safe to assume your thoughts about me were less so?” He asked. Sherlock pulled the fabric of his dressing gown into his mouth and chewed on it for a few moments.
“Please John, please. I want to have you in my mouth. I want to taste you, I want your cum on my tongue and clogging up my throat. I want to choke on it because I know I can’t get it all the way down, but I want to learn how. I want you to fuck my throat until my lips touch the base, no matter how much I struggle and gag. I want you to keep fucking my throat even if I puke on it, even if I make a mess.” Sherlock whimpered, two fingers having found their way into his hole without him realizing it.
They sat in silence for a few minutes before Sherlock flopped onto his back, throwing his legs over John's lap while exclaiming:
. John thought with a fond smile. Sherlock crowded into his space and bumped their noses together, resting his forehead against John’s and gazing into his eyes.
“Fine, John.” he replied curtly. John fully opened the door now, leaning against the frame with his arms crossed over his magnificent chest. What Sherlock wouldn't do to be able to-
Sherlock tensed. His better instincts told him to leave it be, what did he owe to this boy to protect him from a bully? But in the back of his mind, he knew he was going to intervene. The bully was calling the boy by a feminine name, clearly he was intending to harm the boy for being transgender. And it raged underneath Sherlock’s skin that anyone could be so pathetically thick to bully someone for something like that. Especially when the person was brave enough to come out and present as the gender they prefered. And he was still kind of high, that might have had something to do with it. When the bully got close enough to flick the boy in the head, Sherlock was crouching and glaring in his seat. The boy let out a startled yelp and scrambled to yank his earbuds out.
“Of course. That's what friends do, right? Spend time with each other and go places together?” He sounded like he was asking a question rather than stating a fact. John raised a brow at him.
“Sherlock the first time you saw my room I was practically naked, even if it's terrible, it's an eye for an eye.” The taller boy gave him a sardonic smile and pushed open the door. John’s first thought was, yes it smelled slightly of sulfur, but the room was huge! There were clothes piled in the right corner, but everywhere else was filled with scientific equipment and long tables.
“Gentlemen? I believe dinner is about to be served.” Came a light, slightly snooty voice from the main room. Sherlock tched and crawled towards the ladder.
. He was silently grateful it was Friday, meaning his parents would be running errands all day tomorrow, and Harry would either be at a friends, at the park, or in her room and he would basically have the house to himself. He had every intention to finish his only homework before tomorrow, but he fell asleep halfway through.
John scooched up the bed until he was sitting in the middle of the bed and Sherlock crawled onto the bed after him. He reminded John of a panther, dressed head to toe in black, slinking towards him.
“Hey, Sherlock…” John started. Sherlock slowed his spinning to a stop, coking his head at the boy. “Why aren’t you at boarding school? Its October, are you on break?” John asked. Sherlock gave him a grimace.
They meandered the park for the good part of three hours, just talking about nonsense. Sherlock deduced the lives of several strangers, and John saw no flaws in the deductions and facts. Eventually John’s chest started getting sore, so they made their way back to his house. When they arrived, his mother's car was parked on the kerb, making John anxious.
“Well, I haven't any dolls to play with. Don’t blame me, blame my awful caregivers.” Even though the statement was meant to be charming and playful, the truth behind it left a bitter look on Sherlock's face. John still laughed good heartedly. They sat for a minute in silence.
“He’s not my boyfriend Harry.” And he was out the door, almost running straight into Sherlock who was standing on the steps. Sherlock grabbed him by the shoulders to steady him, trying his best not to fall backwards down the steps.
“What really happened, was we were on the train, and these blokes from my school started to bother me, and it got physical. Then Sherlock like, out of the blue pinned the one guy up against the wall and he was so scared he was about to pis- I mean uh-” Myrial laughed a merry sound.
"Fine then, what do you normally do in your free time?" Sherlock tensed just slightly and took a few seconds to reply.
“That's not what I was insinuating John. I’m not trying to attack you.” Sherlock said quietly, turning to face him, trying to look into his eyes. “I swear.” John glanced over to him and shrugged. Just as he was about to speak, the door opened.
“You should clean your hands.” He said. John looked up at him confused, then looked down at his hands and shrugged. But Sherlock saw the slight bob of John's throat, he was either intimidated by the deepness of Sherlock’s voice, or aroused. Sherlock couldn’t tell which.
“We’re not dating.” He said, not meeting anyone's eyes. Mycroft held a knowing smile and looked over to Sherlock who also refused to meet his eyes, but for a different reason.
"Entertain me." The statement was simple enough, but the way he said it sounded dangerous... and mildly erotic. Which was most definitely being misinterpreted. He swallowed, managing to keep his smile and not blush too terribly.
“I have for a while. I just, I thought that you wouldn’t return my sentiments, so I kept them to myself. I didn’t think you were interested. And- and Sherlock, I’m so happy just being here, and having you, being around you. It didn’t matter that we weren’t snogging, it was enough just to be next to you. You’re enough.” John stopped himself at that. Sherlock pulled back enough to look up at John’s face, eyes red. John couldn’t help kissing him. Sherlock’s hands threaded into his hair, and soon enough Sherlock was on his back with John between his legs, looming over him. They kissed for several long minutes, trying to convey anything and everything without words. John pulled back when the stirrings of an erection became prominent. If he got hard now, they wouldn't be leaving bed for quite a while, and he was hungry. Sherlock seemed to have other ideas, wrapping his impossibly long legs around John’s waist and bringing their hips together and pulling his head down for another kiss.
“It’s more of a courtesy, for her.” He mumbled, clearing his throat and flushing, adjusting the paper he was reading to cover his face from Sherlock’s view.
“C’mon, sweetheart” John murmured to him, pulling him up from where he knelt in the mess on the floor. Sherlock stumbled into John’s grip and they walked to the bathroom. John put a towel down on the lid of the toilet and made Sherlock sit down, before starting a bath. He pressed a kiss into Sherlock’s miraculously clean hair (the man would have murdered him if he’d gotten anything in it anyhow), and then quickly traipsed to the kitchen and filled up a plastic cup with water. Sherlock had his eyes closed when he came back. He set the cup on the flat corner of the tub and placed a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“What does it mean, John?” Was his muffled response. John tried to pull away and look into Sherlock’s eyes, but the man pulled him closer and kept his face buried into John’s chest. John could feel the anxiety rolling off of him in thick waves, so he wrapped his arms around him gently and rested his chin back on top of his head.
“Woah, heh, what’s your problem mate?” Collin whimpered. His voice cracked. He was absolutely terrified.
“Children, that's enough.” Siegfried commanded sternly. Myrial decided this meant it was time for her to continue her interrogation.
“I, uh, yeah I did.” He said sheepishly, scratching the back of his head, glancing back at Sherlock with a question in his gaze.
“I’m gonna go take care of the kitchen, you just sit here for a while.” John told him. Sherlock gave a soft hum and closed his eyes, a sleepy smile on his lips.
“That's all very well and good, but I do have some experiments to attend to.” John nodded his consent and Sherlock climbed down the ladder to his lab. John sighed and looked at the huge closet to his left. He could only see day clothes hanging up, and he would need some pjs to change into. He shouted down to Sherlock who directed him to a dresser right in front of him. Inside he found several pairs of fluffy pants and loose tshirts. John stripped down to his underwear and his “binder” which consisted of two small tank tops that did an adequate job of keeping him flat. A month or so after their meeting, Sherlock had talked him into finding safer ways to bind, considering he demolished every offer Sherlock made to buy him a legitimate binder. He steeled himself and squeezed his eyes shut, not wanting to watch his flat-ish chest inflate as he took off the tank tops. He quickly pulled the large t-shirt over his head, then the fuzzy grinch pants he found.
Sound off in the comments!! I have plans for future chapters when it comes to the smexy stuff, and I would like some input from y'all. (most of this is already written, I just suck at posting schedules)
“No, no,” Sherlock started, coming out of his haze. “It’s.. Fine. That's just.. Not what people normally say.” He leaned back against the booth, mimicking John’s posture. John looked up shyly, the pink stripe of his hair clashing with the blue grey eyes in a striking way.
“The best way to learn about new medicine, is to follow it back to its roots. Did you know that the pain relieving agent in paracetamol is naturally found in cacti? They discovered it in Arizona in the 1700’s.” John had three stories to go along with each display. Sherlock smiled at him.
“Shite.” he cursed and quickened his pace. Sherlock was standing outside in all his punk glory, with a half smoked cigarette pinched between his lips while he typed furiously away at his phone. John stood there for a few moments, before clearing his throat. The taller boy jumped, almost dropping his phone, before grinning at him.
"It was a bad memory, I apologize for making you relive it. I hope I haven't spoiled our lunch." He looked a tad bit guilty, and not quite sure how to deal with it. His face kept making weird twists and turns.
“Well, thank god for weekends.” He responded. Sherlock snorted and nodded, continuing to twirl in the office chair.
"Are you ready to order?" Sherlock swiftly told the waiter his order, and told him to halve it. They both looked to John.
So.. that was pretty intense. Idk if I should tag any trigger warnings? Let me know if one is needed. Like I said, I'm home sick. So tbh there's probably going to be some smut published by the end of the day. May or may not be our cute little trans boys here :3
Sherlock lay on his back on the sofa, staring out the window into the darkened autumn night. He’d been there for hours, since before John left. The younger man knew that John had a shift today at the surgery. However, the scent of his “date night” cologne had gently washed across him, slightly stronger than he normally wore it. John was carrying a bag that Sherlock didn’t see very often, one he took on overnight trips when he knew he would be back the next day. Most likely fresher clothes and shoes. Sherlock saw the outline of a toothbrush when he briefly gave the bag a glance over, before returning his gaze to the window. John reached into the coat closet for his rarely used brown leather jacket, instead of the more sensible fleece he’d been wearing since the leaves had started to change. And while he was freshly showered with combed clean hair, and the dirt scraped out from underneath his nails, his jaw sported a few days worth of short stubble. Sherlock’s brow furrowed. He replayed the scene in his head again. Everything pieced together for a typical date night with some cute and kind girl, whom John would charm the pants off and spend the night at her place. Or maybe the toothbrush was to freshen up after work, and this was a first date. But then John would have been home some time ago. Or maybe he would walk in the door any second now, roll his eyes at Sherlock being in the same position and either take a shower or go to bed. Sherlock stared for several more minutes, before he was physically bent in half by a hunger cramp that tore through him, finally breaking his focus. John’s stubble flashed through his mind again, but he decided that food might be necessary at this point.
“God damn it, Sherlock. You’re so fucking good.” John groaned, pushing back into his mouth and forcing the head in and out of his throat. Sherlock sobbed and another gush of bile flowed out of his throat. Tears were running down his face and his nose was kind of snotty, but John thought he looked beautiful. “You’re so pretty like this, love. All messy for me.” He couldn't stop himself from thrusting hard into him a few times. Sherlock was leaving a small sticky puddle of his own on the kitchen floor, his cunt leaking uncontrollably from the rough treatment.
"The deduction." Sherlock pretended to be nonchalant, and not care by looking down into his water glass as he suckled (gnawed) on the straw.
“Look, I don’t need your pity, I threw the first punch, I can handle my own. This isn't the first time they’ve messed with me, and it won't be the last. I could have handled them.” John silently raged across the table. Sherlock shook his head.
John nearly forgot about the other two in the room. He broke his gaze with the spectacle in the garden to focus on his knees. “Ah yes...”, he nodded. Suddenly, he felt the tip of a
entrance to the yard slid open. Everyone present fell deadly silent as Anthea stepped forwards, their guest following closely behind. All eyes fell on the mysterious figure as she moved aside for him to enter. Several servants blinked incredulously, some raising their eyebrows in surprise, others frowning in confusion. Their guest had the look of a vagabond; his
“Janey, Janey, Janey…” The bully taunted. “Don’t you know it's rude to ignore people?” Sherlock half expected him to ignore the person breathing on his face, and half expected him to start crying or sniveling. But he was pleasantly surprised when he matched the bullys glare with one of his own.
“I empathize with you.” He said. It shocked him how true the statement was. He’d never empathized with anyone before, only pitied them. His parents thought he was autistic because of his complete lack of boundaries and care towards other people and their feelings. But of course they were wrong. He could feel. He could be cautious. He could be normal and restricted like all of the other dull people in this world, but he decided he wouldn’t. So he didn’t. Until now, that is.
John slipped his cock back into Sherlock’s mouth and took a minute to work it back down. The water had cooled down Sherlock’s mouth a little, creating a delicious temperature change against his heated flesh. John pressed his cock further down Sherlock’s throat than he had gone, and held him there. Sherlock struggled in the hold, his breath blocked from half of John’s cock being shoved into his mouth. He started gagging and John let him up for a brief moment, only pulling out enough for Sherlock to draw a breath before shoving himself back in. Sherlock retched and dry heaved against John’s thrusts, his hands flailing desperately on his thighs.
“I dunno if half of that is true, but it's still damn amazing.” He laughed. Sherlock sniffed at him.
His constant masturbating was really throwing a wrench in the primary function of his transport, which was there to let his brain be capable of sustaining itself, and not much else. But if he tried to ignore the urge, eventually he’d end up squirming in his seat. A few times, he even left a wet spot on his chair after ignoring his needy cunt for several hours. John would call him on his squirming if it became too noticeable, and Sherlock would brush him off with lies of stomach related issues. So now, when John saw him shifting even slightly, he would escape to the kitchen, coming back with a tray of tea and toast. Sherlock would use this time to escape to his bedroom for a quick orgasm, but they were coming less and less quick lately. He used to be on a hair trigger, but because of the constant use, it now took him ages to achieve orgasm with just his fingers. And that wasn’t very good when he only had approximately 7 minutes from start to finish, excluding clean up time, to be back in the living room before John was done with tea. Sometimes, like right now, John would make them fried sandwiches. Sherlock liked ham and cheese, which would lengthen his time to 13 minutes, but even that mark was becoming more difficult to reach. Sherlock had just escaped the living room to do just that, not even bothering to move to his bed. Most of the time, like what he was doing right now, he would just lean against the door and slip his hand down his pants, for the sake of saving time.
He was transgender, it was blatantly obvious. The way his hairline was shaped, how he still crouched and submitted to older, bigger men subconsciously, and even when he caught himself he didn’t hold himself much higher, just grimaced. His shoes were cut to be cute, not cool. The jeans had embroidered pockets, and while they could be considered neutral when it came to gender, they hugged his thighs and flared after the swell of his calf. But it was only obvious to Sherlock. If you looked at him from a normal person's perspective it just looked like a chubby boy was wearing jeans that didn't fit him. His baby face could be attributed to being pre pubescent, even though he was probably over the age of 16.
, from sustaining anything further from the bullies. And then he had been stupid enough to trip out of the train in the most ungraceful way possible.
Sherlock woke up in his bed several hours later, the mid afternoon sun filtering through his curtains, warming the duvet that was tucked over his body to a pleasant temperature. He was curled around a pillow, legs wrapped around it and all. He realized John must have removed his shoes and belt before putting him to bed, the thought made heat creep up his neck and a small smile grace his lips. The door was left cracked open, and beyond it, he could hear John tapping away at his laptop in the living room. Sherlock closed his eyes and sighed, reveling in the comfort of his feathery bed and the reassuring domestic sounds of his flatmate. He must have dozed a bit more, because when he opened his eyes again, the sun was lower in the sky, casting the room in a soft gold. John was setting a glass of water and an aspirin on his night stand, he turned to look at Sherlock, hands on his hips, expression un-readable. Sherlock’s half open eyes were hidden behind his hair, he used this to his advantage, observing John. He stood next to Sherlock’s bed for a few minutes before biting his lip, cautiously reaching towards his face. Sherlock quickly shut his eyes just in time for John to smooth his hair out of his face. John’s fingers didn’t stop there, lightly tracing over his cheek bones, running a finger down his nose and back, and then he was tucking a fallen strand of hair behind his ear. Sherlock couldn’t fein sleep any longer, not with John petting him like that. Sherlock opened his eyes, taking in John who was leaned over the edge of the bed, almost hovering over him, cupping his jaw tenderly.
“Seriously? I made you cum four times.” He remarked. Sherlock hid his face in his knees and shrugged, pushing around the meat on his plate with his fork. John humed and speared his egg yolk, watching the yellow ooze out before dipping his toast into it.
“John’s still in his secondaries.” Sherlock spoke for him. John gave him a look of thanks but his mother spoke up, not even looking from the ham she was cutting on her plate.
“I’m surprised you let me go on for as long as I did last night.” John mused as he set the table with forks and knives. He loaded sausage and toast onto a plate for Sherlock, piling the eggs on his own. Sherlock nibbled his lip and looked down to his feet, knees pulled to his chest.
Thank you guys for sticking with me till the end. I will be continuing writing Trans!Sherlock fics, but not in this au specifically. Maybe I'll write some fucking porn finally.
“What about the museum? The one on fourth. They’re having an exhibit on modernised medicine that looks interesting. Theres also a free planetarium show at 2.” Sherlock gave him a look.
But that made the tears slip out. He never was good for self pep talks. He shook his head and sat up, looking around his small room. Meek. Unimpressive. Small. Just like him. He sighed and reached down to grab his bag, wincing as the edge of the bandage cut into his skin.
“No offence, Sherlock. But sometimes you see stuff that’s so specific, it sounds like you’re pulling it out of your arse. Simply because it's impossible for anyone to know that kind of stuff about a total stranger just by the way their skirt is wrinkled.” John chuckled. Sherlock went to argue but John shut him up.
“Jesus, where do you sleep?” John turned and asked, realizing there wasn't even a bed amongst the clutter. Sherlock beamed at him, probably deducing that John was impressed. He pointed up to the back wall where John noticed a ladder on the wall and followed it up to a loft that was walled off from the rest of the room.
"Okay, yeah, sure." He snorted. "And I huff draino." Sherlock gave him a pained look before turning around, stiffly. Of course he would think its a joke. Only Mycroft ever took him seriously, but he was just a control freak.
“Well alright then, Mr.Drama Queen. What do you normally do on Sundays?” He giggled. Sherlock sniffed at the comment and leered at him down his nose.
“John! Put me down!” he whined as John stood from the bed. John swatted his ass cheek and carried him out the door and into the kitchen, making Sherlock yelp again but stop fussing. He didn’t even want to complain after noticing his view of John’s backside. John set him down in the kitchen chair, shivering at the chill in the air of the flat. He walked back to Sherlock’s room and grabbed his dressing gown and pulled on his own pants. He tossed the article of clothing at Sherlock before gathering what he wanted to make breakfast.
Re-telling his past failures always left him mentally exhausted and vaguely restless, and this was the kind of emotional masochism that nothing could fix, not even the finest cup of tea (something his gran would find hard to believe, surely). It was usually about this time, when he was alone and overwhelmed, that Jim slithered his way into the forefront of John’s psyche.
John grew impossibly hard at that thought, the front placket of his trousers tenting in a ridiculous way that broadcasted his arousal just as much as the extra surge of heat-scent that suddenly lit the air with its intensity. He wanted that. Oh God, he wanted that, but first…
“Fanks Doc. I’ll tell me uvuh friends ‘bout ya.” Jimmy smiled a mangled toothy grin, probably for the first time since greeting John for their appointment. The older Omega took a moment to consider the possibility of perhaps referring him to a really, really good dentist. Someone looking for a challenge, perhaps.
Even though their relationship had been strained as of late, John still gazed at the quiet man with open, but wary affection. They’d never talked about what had happened that night when Marcus had lost control and gone feral…and John sensed the larger man didn’t want to. It had taken quite a bit of soul-searching on John’s part to figure out whether he wanted to forgive the simple Alpha or not. Sherlock had mentioned with surety that if he had not intervened when he had, then things would have gotten…well, John didn’t want to think about that. The important thing was that
“You fucking cock slut.” John grunted, setting a brutal pace and forcing himself a few more centimeters in. Sherlock was openly sobbing, his hands staying clenched on his thighs. He coughed up throat slime whenever John would let him up for a breath, which was becoming less and less often. John was getting impatient, he was getting close and he hadn’t triggered the man’s gag reflex as hard as he wanted to. John wanted a mess to clean up afterwards. A big mess.
“You underestimate my sex drive, John.” He replied, very proud of how strong his voice came out, despite the fluttering in his stomach from being so bold. John put down his cutlery.
“Hi there, did I interrupt something?” John raised a brow. The older boy shook his head and motioned for them to go inside.
This is the final chapter in my Glitter of Broken Bottles series. FYI I also wrote a Christmas side story for this AU, if you want to go read that 0.0 Theres a descriptor of Sherlock's room, no spoilers for this fic.
“Sherlock?” John looked over his shoulder at him, but still focused on the dishes. Sherlock put a finger inside of himself.
“I completely forgot about that, thank you.” He made his way to the elevator, almost not catching the (
“What’s the difference?” He asked dryly, not meeting Sherlock's eyes and glaring at the table in between them.
“Yes?” He rasped. John tugged lightly at his hair, which was still clasped between his fingers, making the other boy let out a soft hiss.
“Care to elaborate?” John asked carefully. Sherlock squirmed uncomfortably for a moment, his own sex starting to thicken and drip.
So I tried to keep you out of my explicit thoughts, but I never quite managed to reign in my dreams. But even those weren’t very sexual, per se, just very intimate.”
"And how do you suppose I do that?" He asked, praying to whatever deity that Sherlock wouldn't make this sexual. He had just gained this friend, and he would very much like not to loose him over something as ridiculous as a crush.
“Caring is not an advantage, dear brother.” Mycroft called over his shoulder, making his way to the door. “So make the most of this.” He was out the door before Sherlock could respond. But really, he had no response, so he just sneered at the door for a few minutes before looking at his phone.
“I apologize, I spoke without thinking. I did not intend to  offend you in any way.” He said quietly. John shrugged slightly.
“What specifically.” Sherlock already knew the answer, but he wanted to hear John talk about it. He wanted to know everything about the smaller boy in front of him. But John just shrugged.
“You’re name is the one I gave you. Children do not choose their names, their parents do. Stop pretending you’re a boy and do. As.
“Hands behind your back.” John ordered, the hand that wasn’t tangled in Sherlock’s curls wrapped around his bulging throat. Sherlock complied, and John stood from his chair. The change of angle caused a bit more of his cock to go into his convulsing throat. John thrust hard into him, the helpless pleading look on Sherlock’s face egging him on.
“For ruining Christmas, you twat!” John giggled underneath him, red faced. Pretty soon they were both in a laughing fit, wiping tears from their eyes. Sherlock sat back on his toes and let John sit up. They maneuvered so that they were leaning against the bed, feet stretched out. Sherlock’s almost touched the wall but John's legs were short and they only went to the middle of Sherlock's shins.
“I had quite literally forgotten all about it, but no I’m not mad. We come from different cultures, there are going to be some social and emotional things that we deal with differently. You and your brother see hormones as an obvious medication, just as someone would treat a cold, or an infection. But, you have to understand my side, at least a little.” Sherlock nodded. “You see, my family and my culture, they think that the correct medicine for transgender people is electro shock therapy. I’m not saying it's right, that's just how it is. So for someone to break out of that mould and offer aid to someone like us, it is an emotional thing. And I would form an emotional bond with that person. I would never be able to think of them as an “enemy” unless they did something to specifically hurt me or the people I care about. Because giving a trans person hormones is not a logical thing where I was raised.” Sherlock nodded, brow furrowed.
