Gradually I learned bits and pieces of the whole story, always in unexpected fragments strewn in with everyday life. He would offer them to me, his tiny, golden secrets, and I always struggled to feel worthy. He showed me a picture of him as a child, the only one he’s kept because it was the day he graduated from magic camp, and while I know he still has it in a shoebox somewhere in the closet, we both know that it never needs to see the light of day again.
me test it out for all those decades,” he says. “I chose to. It’s not like I had much to lose if it went wrong,” he grits out.
“Please don’t run,” I say quickly.
John immediately kicks his shin under the table and quickly looks around. He lowers his voice to a hiss over the table. “
John clenches his hands into fists. He wonders when he ever got old enough to look like he has a son older than the alpine skiing age limit, as if he was worried about trying to have a kid back when he was just starting his second year with the RAF.
Interviewer, also whispering: “Of course. You’ve said all --”
My wrist beeps.
“No, John. A
Patrick, grinning: “Abandoning a mission so soon? That is not like you.”
Everyone seems to breathe and shift at once. Sonya flips back her hair, an odd sheen over her eyes. “You’ve truly set the stage for this next generation of skiers. How does it feel to be coaching that generation now?”
,” he says to John all in one great rush of a word, then, without asking John for his name back, he turns to the two smiling snowboarders trapped under his arms. “You guys hear about the party, yet? The lugers are throwing it. Tonight. Building 102.”
John feels he should be right pissed at Greg for interfering, assuming John couldn’t handle a measly conversation, but he only wants to curse out loud in gratitude. He gives a quick glance to Greg, hoping his thanks is showing on his face.
Sherlock feels like he’s just been told that snow isn’t actually frozen water. That skis are made from clouds.
, and it would no longer be Greg’s anymore—those sacred three weeks—
We watch Watson bend over to shield the girl from the snow kicked up by Greg landing, then he lifts the stretcher with Dominic, and they run her back to the waiting helicopter. Watson leaps inside just as the helicopter starts to take off again after securing the stretcher, then he lifts a hand to wave as Dominic runs back to stay with the family.
Filled with their strength, Sherlock turns to face Sonya. He isn’t wearing his Gold, but he imagines he can feel Greg’s steady heartbeat through the medal, transmitted to his own body. He can feel the touch-memory of John’s calloused fingers on his shoulders, guiding him forward. He feels, for the first time in his life in front of so many people, that he does not want to run away. He has no problem at all with being seen. Everyone can quite look their fill.
John stares at him, wanting to drop to his knees. Hot, prickling water stings behind his eyes. He covers his face with his hands, feeling fragile and exposed. “Just – what the hell are we even fighting about? How did this even happen?” he asks, voice breaking.
he takes a step forward.
We then cut rapidly to a series of reactions to the same question from the rest of the team. Dominic barks out a sarcastic laugh, Gerold shakes his head and curses under his breath, Sam looks straight at the camera and says, “just, no,” and Robbie gives a slow laugh while looking off into the distance before rubbing his hand over his eyes.
The thick brush opens up before him to a small white sand beach, perfectly cradled on either side by rocky outcroppings and framing an endless sea of clear blue water. A wooden hut emerges from the dark green shadows of the trees, jutting out over the sand with a thatched roof and huge windows, an overhang of eaves draped with hanging braids of shells blowing in the breeze. John barely has time to take any of it in before his ears register soft music, slowly plucked strings, and he zeroes in on the hammock besides the house strung up between two palm trees, swaying slowly back and forth and with one long, bony foot hanging off the side of it.
He nods. He looks over my shoulder like there’s nothing left to say. I don’t know how to tell him that I would give all the money I’ve ever had in the world to have seen him running down the halls at Cambridge, textbooks and beakers in his hands. Track marks hidden on his arms. I would have given every last cent.
Greg lifts his hand to kiss it. They lie together in the comfortable silence. Greg’s touch trails down Sherlock’s stomach to his thighs, between his legs, as if he’s admiring every part of him. Delighting in it.
Johnny lets out a harsh sigh. “I’m just a sailor – was a sailor.”
Not like he’s even looked—he’s been staunchly avoiding the internet—but he’s sure John’s all over it. He’s sure John’s press circuit is front page news. He’s never been more sure about anything. And it’s all well and fine with him. Maybe John’s been staying in Greg’s room between interviews, letting Sherlock
Cut back to Gerold sitting in a pilot seat in the hangar.
I guess any objective person who would see this same story played out on some ridiculously dramatic soap on telly would think we were mad for thinking this could never happen. They would set down their beer or their bowl of crisps, and point a salty, inebriated finger at the screen, and cry, “what the fuck did these two nitwits think was gonna happen?!” Maybe the grandma in the room would shake her head and whisper to her knitting that “it serves them queers right, it does, this befalling them like it is.” Maybe the nervous, sweaty teen would snicker to “that’s so sick, how does that even work, them having sex?” Maybe the religious aunt would clutch her mildly arthritic hands to her heart, right over her flea-market cross necklace, and wail “oh but that poor child, that poor poor child. It doesn’t deserve this fate!”
Cut to Watson back in the hangar. He’s holding a carabiner in his hands again, and we watch him fiddle with the unlocked clasp.
When did he fall out of love with skiing?
He kissed me at the bottom of the stairs outside their house before we even said hello.
Sherlock’s body trembles. “John . . . He looks . . . I’ve never seen him look like that.”
He can’t remember it. He doesn’t even want to try. It’s as if he stumbled into another universe the day before, the second the buzzer went off for his time trial. A universe unknown to him, but that had always existed in the shadows, whispering to him, calling,
Text on the screen fades in: One day before the crevasse.
“Just get bored, is all,” he says. His voice is so quiet it nearly blends in with the howling wind outside.
“It’s only me,” he whispers, then winces at his own stupidity.
Sent:
I feel consumed, his giant, rough hands cupping either side of my face like he’s scared I’m gonna break apart if he lets go. I’ve only ever done this twice with Alma back in high school in the rafters of the barn in summertime, but she never held me down against the mountains with glistening arms, or rubbed a hot and pulsing hardness into the top of my thigh, or kissed me so deep into my mouth that I could barely breathe, stubble and callouses leaving tiny marks all over my cheeks and neck.
“His suspect?”
Greg shoots him an odd grin, some of the rigidness of his spine melting away. “That, too.”
Finally, Sherlock’s lips soften.
John reaches up behind him to grab quickly at the back of Sherlock’s neck, opening himself up before the horizon and holding Sherlock close against his cheek. He closes his eyes again.
. Wait.”
Then he remembers.
“Now, you two didn’t know each other at those Games, correct?”
I’m sinking. And I realize that I am not afraid.
And yet, when that moment had come, all of his worst nightmares coming true as his back hit the freezing snow . . . he’d only looked up at the sky. He hadn’t wept. He hadn’t thought there was sand underneath him.
I climb on behind him as he revs up the engine. Hold on to his hips as tightly as I can and press my chest up against his back. Completely forget that my skin there is gnarled and numb. All I feel is the delicious press of his smooth leather jacket, the smell of his curls, the hard, warm lines of his hips. I lean forward and kiss his cheek without thinking, then I lay my head down on his shoulder. Wrap my arms all the way around him and squeeze tight.
John blocks it all out. Everything but Greg. “Believe me.
I expect her to be shocked or disbelieving. Instead she chuckles. “So the rumor is true, then,” she says.
“That la-la paradise land is my actual life – and in case you forgot, it really isn’t such a paradise at all, even with the fucking palm trees.”
I laugh. I realize my laugh sounds different with him. It’s low and easy, warm mud sliding off a horse’s back into clear, cool water.
And then he’d closed his eyes again and dreamed of Waimea. Of waves a thousand feet tall, black as tar, rushing towards the shore with the sound of screams echoing through a hot jungle. And Sherlock dangling like a ragdoll from the crest, reaching down for his falling aviators, and John running and running and running to catch him and feeling his shoulder explode before he can get there in time to break his fall.
I answer the question on his face with a nod. A breathless, whispered, “yes.”
But he can’t say anything else, because there’s a fresh chorus of applause, and it takes him a second to realize it’s not coming from the crowd already inside the stadium, but from the people staring at him.
“God, Holmes, suck me. Look at you. Fuck, just look at you. Yeah, that’s it. . . that’s it . . .suck me down and take it . . .
Connor gives a long “
John would have to be an idiot to miss the quick silent communication between them, all in the span of a single blink, and then Greg is turning back to him with a look that makes John want to take his gun out of his bag and shoot it at the nearest target-esque thing.
“Jesus Christ –”
“Maybe,” I whisper, breathless. I hold him close. “Shit, maybe . . .”
When I do look up and meet her gaze, she’s lookin’ at me the same way she did right before she asked if she could come live with me sittin’ in the front seat of my truck.
“Just, wait here,” John says to them, taking a step back. “Don’t leave.”
Cut back jarringly to Holmes, leaning calmly against the helicopter. The air is quiet and still. Slowly, subtly, his hand lifts to gently rub once over the center of his chest, stroking across his skin through his uniform.
. They’ve had enough of the scandals, of the spotlight, of the world’s attention. Sherlock should stick to what he knows, what he does best, and just ski. Leave the major decisions to Greg and John.
He’s going to punish himself, rip himself apart, screaming and thrashing until he finally hurls himself to the bottom of the mountain and looks up at a blinking neon time on a board and loses. Loses everything.
Perhaps it had everything to do with him—he was too odd, too removed from the norms of life to get to experience that. Perhaps he should have waved from the stands, stepped back, and let Greg be the one to kiss John Watson on the HD screen. Hadn’t Sherlock been selfish enough in his life already? Didn’t he love them both enough to give that gift to them, instead of snatching it for himself? But also, hadn’t Greg left him? Hadn’t he screamed at Sherlock to stay put while he got to dash off into the snow, towards John, leading him to victory? Didn’t Sherlock earn a kiss after that?
He stared at the ceiling and remembered. How Greg had pushed his hair back from his forehead there on the beach with the tide rushing in around his weak and sore body, trying to drag him back out to the depths. He had held his hand and leaned over him and said “Christ, Johnny you could have died. You could have died on me. Don’t know what I would’ve done if Scotty hadn’t pulled you out and known how to get you breathing again.”
. And in the complete wrong direction.
Finally John shuts his mouth, licks his lips, and tries again.
“I’m pretty sure you were supposed to give that back,” he says.
John didn’t taste the salt again for years. His forehead stayed clean and fresh. Salt-free. The little crevice behind his ear was as sterile as a freshly washed palm.
“I’m gonna play the age card if you keep doubting that I don’t love you more than I even know how to deal with,” John says. He walks back towards the kitchen. “Now go and shower, you smell like hot beach. And when you come back we’re eating whatever I can whip up out of this sorry ass fridge and drinking beers and you’re gonna tell me all about your secret plan for what I’m gonna do for a job.”
Holmes, into his radio: “Greg, he’s here. Get Jo – Call Robbie to bring the others. Patrick and Watson. There’s a lot of blood.”
“Watson, the fuck you doing over there? Stop being a flat leaver and get your ass back here before The Man sees you!”
We expect Watson to smile back, but instead he stares briefly up at the clouds.
“And getting riled up is the last thing
Sherlock’s cheeks turn pink, and he doesn’t argue.
The glee falls from Sherlock’s face, but it isn’t replaced by sadness. John’s breath catches as he’s filled with the familiar fire of watching Sherlock and Greg just look at each other.  There is no part of him that feels ignored, no part forgotten, as a breathless beat passes. Then Greg holds out his arms, and Sherlock falls into them. Hard. John instantly knows this moment will be the front page of every newspaper: not their second kiss, but this—Sherlock gripping the man whose World Record he just obliterated. The passing of the torch.
, as if the two of them somehow believe that Sherlock becomes momentarily blind every time they do it. The rage starts to bubble up in his fingertips again, burning through his chest in a rumbling roar, when he notices . . .
ceremony?”
Greg breathes a husky laugh against wet skin. There’s the soft clink of a nipple ring against teeth and a rolling tongue. “
secret with John. His responsibility, and his care, and his idea, and his rescue. It was his role to sit and watch John sleep after receiving those texts, his duty to remind him where and who he was, his
John hums, licking a slow stripe up Sherlock’s spine before rubbing his gruff cheek at the nape of Sherlock’s neck, breathing shivers into his skin.
The water from his skin is seeping into John’s clothes, making them cling to his body. Sherlock wants to pick John up and fucking carry him back across the island to their home. Let John throw him down onto the bed and take him. Have him. Let John cover him with his lips and fingers and tongue and let Sherlock know that he belongs to him until the day a force of nature kicks down the door and physically drags them apart. He wants to hold John’s face in his hands and kiss him on the shore, letting John taste the saltwater on his lips. Wants to pick him up and feel John’s legs wrap around his waist like the girlfriends of the other surfers do when they’re kissing in the sand after they’ve won, kissing to the sounds of cheers and whistles echoing down the beach.
I’m sinking.
Sherlock eases himself slowly down onto John, then leans forward so that their lips can graze together, open mouthed and shaky. John starts to grow hard at the heavy weight of Sherlock’s lean, muscular frame on top of him as his breath trembles against his own open, panting lips. John can tell Sherlock’s still holding himself back, still waiting for it all to disappear. With a gentle sigh John reaches up with his neck and capture’s Sherlock’s soft lips in a kiss, moaning at the taste of him bursting across his tongue.
Sherlock’s standing by the window already in his clothes with his hair tamed and styled, calmly looking out at the shore with his arms crossed over his chest. He turns to look over his shoulder when he realizes John isn’t moving from the doorway and frowns slightly, confused.
“He tried to tell me that he loves me, right before I left,” John says. “I didn’t . . . I couldn’t let him finish saying it.”
As he lies there, listening to the sounds of the rescue behind him, it feels as if our view of the empty sky is a reminder of how close he’s come to death. The grim reality sinks in, as if the sky itself is crushing down on the lens.
“Yes,” she whispers. She doesn’t ask him how he knew. John looks at her and nods, not bothering to mask the fear in his own eyes, and she clutches at a cross hanging down around her neck.
They stand there staring. Scotty’s mouth is wide open, his eyes blinking rapidly and fixed on John’s face. John is absolutely pinned by the gaze, unable to form a sentence to say why or how or what. The breeze winds gently through the seashells hanging from the eaves of the house, clinking softly in the still, clear air.
John stares at him, then at Sherlock. “Nordic? Not at Jeongseong?”
John turns back to the boy—
Greg almost laughs. He would have bet money that Sherlock Holmes would rather become a
The first Friday of August is when we find out about the storm coming. Aguirre wants to move the sheep down off the mountain four weeks early on account of it. Scott hears this when he goes to pick up our supplies down by the main river fork, Aguirre’s old watch in his pocket, and I know something’s up when he gets back from the trip and looks like hell raised over. I don’t say hello to him – we usually don’t. But he don’t even look at me resting up against a tree with some whittling in my lap. Just picks up a firewood log and chucks it as hard as he can out into the trees, then tells me he’ll go ahead and sleep with the goddamn sheep that night and he’s off on his horse before I even know what’s hit me.
Dominic leans forward from the back: “Ah, man, you’re just sad you don’t get to bicker around the whole mission with your fellow Brit. This mission is far too boring for him.”
“Would you like us all to part here?” he says, keeping his voice light. “Leave you alone the rest of the day. So you can prepare?”
Sherlock wants to leap up from the sheets and groan, “
Then John turns to Greg. “Now you can tell him about how he needs to fucking walk in the fucking Opening Ceremony all the fuck you want.”
John stares at himself. He just told James he was gay—he watched himself say it—and yet, he feels like he’s studying a hazy stranger in the glass. He isn’t sharing anything real. Not unless . . .
He definitely wasn’t lonely enough before to want the random ski-mom next to him to start trying to have anxiety-small-talk. No thanks. He tries to restrain himself from glancing between the course and the screen every five seconds, alternately searching for Greg while also making sure that he hasn’t somehow completely missed the first ten skiers’ runs, including Sherlock’s.
“We are lucky sons of bitches, aren’t we?” Greg says, reading his thoughts.
He keeps walking. There’s millions of guys named Johnny.
The words come flying out of me before I can think. “So what, today was just some massive plan?” I shoot back. “Your way of convincing me to Stay with you? Have a fun ride, take me to that lighthouse, everything all worked out perfectly in advance?”
“No,” Sherlock agrees. He grins and runs a thumb along Greg’s jaw. “You missed a spot shaving here,” he whispers. He presses his lips to the place, then trails them along his chin. “And here.”
uniform pieces in the locker room laundry. Simon looked
She takes one more look around the sad little trailer. I see her eyes linger on the fishin’ pole standing up in the far corner by the water heater.
He feels John nod immediately against his hand as Greg pulls John closer, half rolling him on top of his body.
I frown, voice desperate. “What do you mean if anything happens? I thought you couldn’t actually get hurt here?”
John’s brain flashes back to the image of Scotty the day before, fresh out of the water from his defeat and walking utterly alone away from him down the sand, head slumped and avoiding everyone’s shocked gaze. John’s mouth opens before he even realizes what he’s doing.
THANK YOU to everyone who has read, commented, left kudos, made FANART and supported this story. I feel like Sherlock after he watches John take on that final 9.8 point wave in the finals. I'm having a ridiculously good time writing this and it thrills me that you all love reading it too!
He pauses when his shoe makes contact with the floor of Greg’s room, now somewhat safely straddling the windowsill, and he leans back against the window frame. He likes this: having one foot in a dark room, and one dangling into nothing. It means he is fully of two places, and yet, at the same moment, he is of neither. Maybe, if he were John or Greg during one of their evening sofa chats, he would explore how this is some deep, romantic metaphor for his life. He is either wholly in love with Greg, and/or wholly in love with John. He is either a skier, and/or a man. He is either still in a relationship, and/or he is now alone. Any of them could be true, just as any of them could be false. And right now . . . he waits. He refuses to find out anything in the next two minutes. So he straddles the windowsill.
“Don’t you dare pin this on me,” I yell back. I grab his wrist and shove his finger off my chest. “How in hell is it my fault you done wasted the last twenty years of your life workin’ labor jobs and livin’ like a vagrant, huh? You tell me how that’s my fault.”
Cut to the same man sitting straight up in a chair in front of a wall of maps. He is now dressed in the same red jumpsuit as the others, and the sewn-on patch reads “S. Holmes.”
Holmes’, in voice-over: “But, to answer your unnecessary question. . . yes. Sometimes I do find myself missing it.”
That night I wrote about last time – the night in the bathroom – it changed everything for us. Even in the best times during this pregnancy, even in Spain, neither of us were truly just being ourselves, just John or just Sherlock. We were always pretending. Playacting at the giddy soon-to-be-fathers gay couple, or the over the moon pregnant couple, or the world’s greatest consulting detective and his assistant, or the doctor at the local clinic with a “wife” at home, or the great Sherlock Holmes whose belly wasn’t heavy and full, ready to burst from under the extra large t-shirt.
Sherlock’s face is incredulous. “Not a thing? What the hell ever happened to ‘I’ve never talked to anyone about the war ever, Sherlock,’ or ‘here, Sherlock, let me tell you all about how I learned to surf’?”
He fills me, like he done filled me the first time I ever looked at him under the brim of my hat. The way he’d been standing in the gravel, his chin held high. He fills me up whole.
Sherlock’s eyes are the vastness of the sea. They stare straight through John’s skin into his soul, and his large hands come up to hold onto John’s forearms. Sherlock clears his throat, and the earth disappears.
He hears Sherlock’s laugh continuing behind him, spreading warmth through every inch of his chest.
(It’s never happened, by the way. For the record. Not even once.)
“Look I’m . . .” he suddenly catches himself with his feet spread, one arm behind his back, and he purposefully slouches against the barricade, shoving his hand in his pocket. “I don’t know why I never replied to your emails. I read them—all of them. I don’t know why I never wrote back.”
“Shouldn’t I be the one asking you that question?”
“It’s over,” Sherlock whispers.
Greg’s voice cracks on the last word. The fight dies in John’s chest. He swallows over the lump quickly reforming in his throat as he watches the anger in Greg’s face fade into something else, something that looks like longing—the look that had been on Greg’s face the first time they ever had sex together without Sherlock there, when Greg had looked like he couldn’t quite believe John actually wanted him too, that Greg wasn’t just some package deal from the past because he happened to be dating Sherlock Holmes, who made John feel alive again. Who showed him he could still ski.
John’s official Olympics portrait flashes up on the screen, then, next to his place and time from the day before. He’s got his arms held behind his back in perfect military form, decked out in the Great Britain Paralympic Uniform he never actually wore. The navy blue jacket hugs his chest and the muscles of his arms, perfectly framing his neck.
“Can we?”
I chuckle. “So you’ve only had terrible sex up until now?”
A black coat emerges from the shadows of the moonlight, billowing gently across the sand. Sherlock Holmes doesn’t realize I’m behind him. He can’t. Or else he’d be sprinting fast away from me – running like hell to slam a door in my face. He’s standing by the lapping waves looking out to sea, thin arms wrapped around himself against the chill in the air. Gaze steady.
Sherlock clenches his chest against a fresh burst of icy cold; the storm is rolling back in, and he can feel the lightning crackling in the tips of his fingers, shooting along the length of his frozen skis. The previous skier’s scores have just been announced, judging by the fresh wave of buzzing walkie-talkies behind him broadcasting the time. The numbers flash through Sherlock’s mind, but he doesn’t even register them—adds them to the list of thousands of course times he’s claimed to have forgotten over the years, but knows he’ll never really be able to forget.
Greg grips the back of John’s thighs. “So you feel that it was worth it?” he tries to ask, and John bites the thin skin over Greg’s collarbone as he murmurs, “Guess we’ll see in a few weeks . . .”
“I’m sorry, Greg, I wasn’t aware you’d been awarded four Gold medals in the sport of ‘slowest human being on the planet’—my sincerest congratulations!”
The body of one skier is lying flat in the snow, the rest of the pack barely managing to avoid him as they enter the first turn at a breathless pace. They leave him surrounded by harsh ruts in the snow, trails of ice flailing off the backs of their skis. The skier rolls onto his back, and holds a snapped in half pole up into the sky. One of his skis is lying beside him, detached in the snow. He reaches down for his legs, as if he’s going to cradle an injury in his knee, and then Greg catches a flash of glinting metal in the sun, and his lungs fail him.
Scotty pauses mid-word and blinks. “Yes -- You’d like that?”
John closes his eyes again and sees Sherlock from the night before. How he’d covered him with his body and thrusted his penis into him again and again while John lay panting and arched on his back, fingernails leaving red trails along the skin of Sherlock’s shoulders. How Sherlock had held John’s face in his hands and kissed his bearded cheeks, his eyelids, across his forehead, just the barest hints of panted kisses brushed against his mouth. He thinks of how Sherlock had pulled out all the way then knelt up to watch himself disappear into John’s body in one long, slow, glide, both of them moaning at the wet slap of skin against skin, deafening in the silence of the room.
Before he can finish his sentence, a new beeping sound suddenly bursts through the noise. Watson jumps, startled, and whips his hands away from doing their next compression on the patient’s chest.
But now, as he follows John softly through the lane leading down to his house, dipping his head to duck under the lower tree branches and watching John grow visibly more at ease with each step they take closer to Sherlock’s home, he realizes that they could never have that breathless, laughing, celebratory evening in each other’s arms, consuming each other and devouring strips of bare skin and calling each other the Billabong Pipeline Masters Champion.
John shakes his head softly. “It’s nothing, don’t worry about –”
“Interrupting your training schedule, making you come in for this ridiculous interview you shouldn’t even have had to be part of, days before your Final, and then fucking saying, on fucking
She starts again, looking everywhere in the room but my face. “From what I can gather, there was a bit of an argument. Something with his family.” She finally brings herself to meet my gaze, and I feel my blood run cold. “I think he told them,” she says. She looks at me meaningfully. “I think he told them he was . . . gay. It didn’t go well.”
He silently adds these thoughts to the growing list of things that have spiraled out of his knowledge or control, like apparently the fact that his entire career would come down to ninety bleak seconds, or the question of where John Watson slept last night, or the Austrian’s official time (
I see his eyes flick to the wedding band on my finger. I fight the urge to take it off and hurl it into the darkness. A coyote howls in the distance. Reminds me of when they would sing along with Sherlock’s harmonica with the promise of layin’ blissful in each other’s arms in the warm tent only an hour off.
When he pulls back again he cups my face in his hands, and presses one last soft kiss to the corner of my mouth. “You,” he whispers.
I leave my cane behind. I’m still wearing the glasses.
John’s eyelids flutter open, squinting into the dark, and then he gasps, and Sherlock is suddenly thrown head first across the bed, then man-handled in a single breath onto his back, his arms pinned to the mattress and John’s elbow pressing hard on his neck.
Sherlock fiddles with his motel room key as he waits at the edges of the dirt parking lot, staring down at his flip flops.
,” Sherlock’s crisp voice says, oddly flat. “
“I can fucking handle myself. They were
John can’t even laugh back. Words fail him. The thought of seeing James Sholto again, shaking his hand in the sunlight and standing tall on his own two feet . . .
It can’t see the first time Greg shook his shocked hand and said, “I will coach you, Monsieur Holmes, if you can prove to me that you are really clean.”
He ignores the tiny part of his brain that whispers, “
, and it was the most beautiful thing Greg’s ever seen. He’s going to—
Interviewer, carefully, as if she’s memorized what to say: “John, we – well, as you know, this is our last week filming with you all.”
He’s landed second to last, which, John reminds himself with a sickening thud of alarm, is only out of nine skiers now, not ten. The announcement earlier had been vague, and left a wave of speculatory whispers coursing through the stadium, but the Swiss teen slated to ski last, just after Sherlock, has been pulled from the race. Possibly disqualified for missing part of a gate during round one—even Greg, squinting in confusion, hadn’t been able to tell whether the instant replay showed one of his skis crossing through the gate instead of around.
Perhaps it’s weird for me to be writing stuff like this in here. I’m honestly not sure if my future self will enjoy these little insights into my past sex life. But I swore to myself that this would be real, that this would be it all, and the realest thing to me in the world is the warm weight of Sherlock’s body on top of my own, the body I thought was buried under the ground forever with a smashed in skull.
Cut quickly back to Greg. He sighs. All of a sudden, he looks sad.
Watson’s eyes seem to fog over. He feels very far away.
The radio interrupts, blaring.
It’s the only consolation John can think of as he lies flat on his back on the exam table, and the clock on the white wall
John freezes, mouth dry.
And then Kip, Dean, and Steven had come in, with hands held awkwardly behind their backs and their heads turned so they weren’t looking directly at John in the hospital gown.
“Oh, of . . . of course,” Rick stutters.
Sherlock is still planting chaste kisses on his mouth, small and soft and wet, never-ending, when suddenly his alarm goes off, exploding through the velvet grey air and cutting through their sleepy fog. Sherlock lets it ring and lifts his head to kiss John’s cheek where it meets his nose, holding his lips against his skin for the span of three shallow breaths. Then he pulls back and turns over to shut off the alarm, the smell of coffee already drifting to them on the ocean breeze flooding through the house.
I can’t imagine a world without you in it, little one. I would rather live in secret for the rest of our lives than live in such a place as that.
Sherlock gasps when John’s wet and parted lips touch his skin, kissing the top of his spine before slowly, carefully, dragging them down along one of the inked lines, following it across the muscles of Sherlock’s back and down towards his hips. John breathes out shakily and watches as goosebumps form over Sherlock’s back, shivering under his lips. John keeps tracing the lines up and back, following the flowing tentacles across his skin. He kisses them with his lips, licks and tastes them with his tongue, runs his nose along the smooth lines of muscle and breathes in the scent of him, salty and floral and warm.
“How in hell can you be knowin’ she’s coming up here?” I ask.
On unspoken agreement, they all pause on the landing. Nearly thirty seconds pass in silence, three chests breathing.
John kisses him one last time, chaste and dry with his cold lips, then his hands are back on Sherlock’s shoulders, and he pushes him down. Hard.
John nods dumbly as the rest of the group swarms with excitement like schoolboys over seeing Super-Greg and Sherlock Holmes.
It’s as if he has simply ceased to exist—his life up until now nothing but a fevered, hopeful dream, and the moment he went to bed alone on the night of John’s Gold Medal win, he erased it all and reset himself to factory settings, where he’s always alone. Never expected. Never scolded or sparking any modicum of concern. His daily schedule, his choice and his alone, having absolutely no effect on anyone else’s emotions.
So, all in all, no contact is a good sign. Perfectly normal. Nothing to be all out of sorts about.
Greg does.
“Take it,” he hears above him, rough and low as John’s hand grasps his own cock and guides it to Sherlock’s freezing lips. John pulls back the foreskin and slaps the burning tip of his erection against Sherlock’s chin.
exact : right, correct (what it says on the tin)
In a flash of panic he realizes that John can’t easily see him from where he’s standing. He quickly scans the beach, knowing he only has a matter of minutes to find the perfect spot so that John can easily find him from the waves, when he hears his name cackle across the sand over the mic.
They jog out into the crisp, icy waves, groaning and shuttering at the cold. The cool grey air settles across the surface of the restless ocean, tinged with pink as the sun slowly rises above the glittering city at their backs. They paddle out past the breaking point, dolphin diving under waves to get used to the water. John follows as Greg paddles out beyond the point where they’d normally stop to perch and wait for good swells, venturing farther out to the flat, glassy deep. John pulls up a few feet away from him and rolls his neck to stretch out his shoulder, already feeling a sore ache in his joint.
“Well if it’s the most important day of his life he shouldn’t look like he just crawled off a deserted island where he didn’t have a razor for six months,” Greg quips back.
Sherlock’s lip quirks into a small smile, and John hates the fact that the corners of his eyes are still sad. “Don’t need a month. I knew you on that pier.”
“Er, right,” John yells back. “Yeah.”
Sherlock can’t feel insecure about his own body’s lack of physical response. There isn’t time. There isn’t space in his brain. And besides, Greg knows him. Trusts him. Is holding him in the dark and calling his name, laying himself bare.
,” Greg says, gesturing at John’s bag. “Wear your Ceremony things. And hurry.”
“—I’ve come up with who I think they’ll pit you against in the Wild Card round today based on rankings. Pay attention, John, those flowers will still be there in two days you can look at them then.”
He hums again, as if he just learned a new fact from an encyclopedia. Then he taps my shoulder and I quickly get to my feet, embarrassed that I stayed kneeling on the suspect for so long. The stranger grabs the suspect by the cuffed wrists and drags him to his feet, reeling him back around towards the entrance of the alleyway. Back towards the thrilling, buzzing light.
Instead he tries to look stern, rolling his eyes. “You couldn’t have fucking said anything about the time twenty minutes ago?”
Asks him to do it, even.
Turn to see Watson standing on the other side of the kitchen counter, casually preparing cups of tea and cutting thick slices of a sugar-dusted, golden-brown cake. He’s wearing a thin t-shirt, one we’ve seen him wear under his uniform jacket, and we see he’s wearing soft jeans with bare feet when he steps out from around the counter to carry over two of the cups of tea.
“What do you reckon you’ll do once you get back?” he asks. His voice is careful, flat.
The energy in the room shifts.
Then I look once more into her eyes and understand. See the words that she’s trying to say but just can’t.
He conjures up the warmth he’d felt the first morning he ever woke up in a bed beside Sherlock Holmes and Greg Lestrade, tangled in a mess of soft, sweat-damp sheets with Sherlock sprawled half across him, and Greg’s strong arm wrapped all the way across them both; two slow rhythms of sleepy, humid breath mixing effortlessly with his own. John had blinked dozens of times at the scene before him just in case it was a dream, then traced his hand gently over pale and tan shoulders to pull them from sleep. And he hadn’t hidden the sheen over his own eyes as he gazed quietly into nervous crystal blue and yearning deep brown, right before hoarsely whispering, “
Greg quickly looks to Patrick, who nods. We see Watson nodding from the back as well. Holmes does not respond, but keeps staring out the window.
He looks up at me, and I can see the great pain in his mind. I hold his hand, waiting, and finally he blinks once. I hear footsteps echoing down the hall, and I whisper, “I’ll be back, Sherlock.” Then I’m rising to my feet with a groan and grabbing for my cane to shuffle out of the room. Leaving him behind in his cold, grey world. Forcing myself not to look back.
The smile slowly fades from Watson’s lips, and he shrugs his shoulders, glancing down at his crossed ankles.
“Do something useful for a change and gather together the paperwork with the passports!” he calls up to Sherlock, who sounds like he’s allowing a pack of bulls to run through the upstairs bedroom-turned-office.
This is such a labor of love, and I'm quite sad it's coming to an end. I decided to combine the final two chapters into one, since they're both short scenes. We have one more John POV, and one more Greg, but this is the last Sherlock POV of this fic, so say your goodbyes!
“Why the hell are you drinking tea?” he mumbles.
Your comments, as always, are adored and keep me going. I can't wait to read them <3
“I cannot be running the interference,” Greg repeats, out of breath. “And it has only gotten worse since you kissed him.”
Finally, Watson chuckles, but his voice sounds odd – distracted.
Sherlock instantly tenses next to him, on alert and listening even as he tries to look characteristically bored. Greg once again shakes off the terrifying urge to kiss him and goes on as the countdown clock reaches thirty seconds.
We cut to a wide shot, tracking the helicopter as it soars down the face of the mountain towards the hospital in Visp, framed by the storming sun peeking through the grey clouds. Along the distant slopes, ski lifts and skiers travel across the mountain like tiny ants.
I drop her wrist like I been burned and run out of the kitchen. I hear her sobbing behind me as I grab my jacket and barrel through the screen door. I trip down the front steps and barely catch myself from fallin’ on the cement. I hear Alma Jr.’s voice calling out to me as my shaking hand reaches for my truck door, but I don’t look back. I hear her voice in my head sayin’ “please don’t leave yet, daddy,” for the whole next week.
“Didn’t just fuck around there sitting on my arse,” John says. “That wouldn’t’ve been worth it.”
John grins and shrugs one shoulder. “Well knowing your crazy ass mind I figured it was a safe enough guess.”
“Junior. . .” I start to whisper, just as she opens her mouth and says, “You know, I suspected it, I guess. But it’s mighty different seein’ you flesh and blood in the light.”
I suddenly realize that I have never been kissed before. Not like this.
Then there’s Greg, who seems to be the only person in the stadium who doesn’t look completely shocked.
John touches his knee. “Good. I agree.” Then he does a complicated-looking maneuver with the controls, and shifts in his seat. “Now, keep Sherlock from shitting himself. We’re gearing up to land.”
“No,” Greg replies. “I am the one who is sorry. As I have said, I am . . . this is hard for me to be here. But this is your Olympics, and I am asking too much. Thinking of myself. And if I am honest?” He looks at John’s face, and sees the boy he met on the lift; the eyes that filled with life when he met Sherlock Holmes. “I wait for the day when you feel I am just some . . . some sidekick tagging along. The price of being with him.”
John hums. He feels alone on the earth with Sherlock out in the middle of the ocean, their voices echoing loudly across the thrumming surface of the waves. He feels as if the shoreline could suddenly disappear, and they could be surrounded by nothing but the sea, and it really wouldn’t bother him in the least. He expects that thought to gnaw freshly at the pit of his chest with anxiety, dragging him down towards the little piece of shiny metal that he knows is still resting at the bottom of the sea, worn and smooth from years spent warm and dry in the palm of his hand. Instead all he feels is a gentle, far away calm, slowly approaching his bare skin before reaching out to cover him with soft and easy warmth.
Sherlock feels a weight lifted off his chest. One that had been sitting there hotly since John walked away from him quickly in the sand the day before while the blood still pooled achingly between his legs. After everything Sherlock’s done – all the games he’s tried to play and accusations he’s thrown, after all the bighting remarks and awkward, fumbling missteps, here’s John still calmly driving him in his car like it’s nothing at all. Body loose and relaxed even though he has to work later that day, like Sherlock’s mere presence is a balm. He realizes he hasn’t responded yet.
Sherlock pulls back from John’s hole and cries out breathlessly. “
The stewardess winks at him for the third time on this flight. John drums up his best courteous smile and shakes his head no, already turning back towards the window when she leans in and speaks again.
Crois-moi.   :   Believe me.
“Well it worked didn’t it? You’re here, in the final.”
“So what, you’re just gonna stand there drinking coffee and waiting for me to take my shower and leave like we haven’t been fucking all weekend?”
Greg, looking back over his own shoulder as he flies: “Well, look at that, the two of you actually
Est-ce ce que tu as vraiment honte?  :  Are you really ashamed of yourself?
There’s a soft, appreciative hum behind him. A brief kiss into his hair. “I know, John.”
—we wanted to—”
John screams: “Push! Sherlock push!”
Greg finally shakes his head. On the screen, Sherlock can no longer be seen, and John is standing by the finish next to three different interviewers, his eyes glistening with unshed tears and a Union Jack draped around his shoulders. Behind him, the mountains pierce the sky, and the crowd cheers on their feet.
He isn’t smiling.
“I haven’t seen Greg since your race. Haven’t you?”
His face is brilliant in the sunlight and the spray.
Sherlock covers John’s hands with his own. “Say you’ll come with me.”
In an instant John knows he doesn’t have to wait anymore. The nausea simply isn’t coming. Instead he returns Sherlock’s lazy smile and brushes the curls off his forehead, amazed at how frighteningly easy it is to gaze into his eyes without looking away.
Thirty minutes later I’m sitting near the Home’s entrance in my wheelchair. The sun is slowly setting over the hills outside, filling the stark white hallway with warmth. It feels like a great big blanket on my skin, covering the bruises and IV scars and veins.  Somebody must have wheeled me here – I’m not really sure who. The pain medication makes me feel like I’m in a fog, woozy and running in slow motion through a thick grey cloud.
Interviewer: “Actually, Watson lead that mission. He was the one who found the body.”
I hate myself for even thinking this, but it felt different.
He freezes.
Paralympic Biathlon Final race.”
“Olympian,” Sherlock interrupts. “Plus nobody will even notice your leg.”
Interviewer, warmly: “I’m sensing a ‘but’.”
I stare at him frozen until he disappears from sight, turning the corner with one final dramatic swoop. The silence left in his wake is deafening, pressing down around me with a cold, led weight. I shiver in the thin air, heart still thrumming with leftover energy and confused legs rooted to the ground.
He blinks hard twice, then suddenly unfreezes. His hands fly up to grip at his hair, running back his curls before hanging limply at his sides. “You’re dead,” he finally says. It isn’t a question.
“You built a fucking automatic coffee maker that’s triggered by your alarm clock in an entirely different room?”
He tells me how I was never supposed to know so early. He looks right sheepish when he says he didn’t know the post office would return the card like that, and how he had postcards written up in advance and sealed in envelopes that his secretary would unknowingly send to me throughout the year thinking she was communicatin’ with his lawyer.
He hums, eyes scanning the far distance. “Molly’s a special woman. She would understand,” he says again.
“The plan,” Sherlock whispers, oozing confidence into his voice. “Yes, the plan . . . we’re . . . we’re going to go and see Greg. Right now. Obviously.”
John sucks in a breath. “Spilling all my – Jesus, Scotty I was going to tell him about being shot at in fucking Vietnam. You think
Greg’s voice: “Tomorrow, if she wakes up, if she tells me she would like to work here as a searcher with Air Zermatt? I would tell her, do it. They need you. And then I would immediately quit.”
Something pulls in John’s chest where it’s pressed against Sherlock’s warm, soap-smelling sheets. He swallows hard. “I think I know what you mean,” he finally whispers back.
John half-smiles as his heart does a painful flip in his chest. “Just friends.”
– against his own.
But mostly, it had been a humming, comfortable ease which had settled through the locker room rows. Groans as they all battered their backs with hot showers, and winces as they stripped off soaked racing suits and stretched; clicks and clunks as prosthetics were removed and cleaned, and new ones fitted. It had felt something like domesticity—the same humble, exhausted quietness John hadn’t realized he missed from his RAF days; the post-mission sponge baths at the most primitive desert outpost bases, peanut butter energy bars being wolfed down, tired legs shaking, brave hands on shoulders; a whispered,  “
John pulls off and reaches down to grip at Sherlock’s hair. “Fucking hell, Holmes. God look at you.” Then his lips are back around Sherlock’s cock, licking up the precome from the slit and moaning at the taste before sucking him down again deep.
Greg, grinning: “Ah, it is a good day for a rescue,
He props himself up on his elbow and turns to look out of them now, expecting to see the barest hints of dawn peaking up lazily over the sharp horizon. Sleep crusted eyes blink slowly awake against the unexpected glare, and he squints and holds up a palm to shield his eyes from the sun. It’s not the milky darkness hovering over the waters that he sees. Instead it’s a white hot beach bathed in sunlight and swarming like an anthill in people, a forest of surfboards sticking up in the sand waiting to be waxed and glinting in the sun, a parking lot full of beat up Winnebago’s and Corvette’s alike waiting to bake in the California heat.
The tips of Sherlock’s skis zoom towards the red line in the snow. The wind whips at his lycra suit with an audible roar. He dips his chin.
Maybe he wouldn’t have been so cowardly. But then again, maybe it isn’t cowardice at all. And now all this time, day after day, John has missed the opportunity to be proud of Sherlock’s life. To be grateful for his fight, his recovery. To shower Greg with gratitude for being there. To tell Sherlock that he is just as much the hero, just as much the soldier.
. John feels his heart stop beating in his chest. It takes everything in his power not to look over at Greg, to find solace in the shape of his broad shoulders or the way his shorter hairs curl softly at the nape of his neck. Instead he stays neutral, digging his heels a bit harder into the earth. The air horn starting the next heat echoes across the beach, and John wishes desperately he could just sit silently and listen to the commentary on his competitors.
I can hear the coyotes moanin’ in the wind standin’ smack in the middle of her kitchen. The way the tent glowed, and the stars sighed, and the fire smoke wrapped around our skin together like a cloak.
Sherlock tries to laugh, but can’t. “I thought that – I thought –”
Holmes shakes his head and sighs as he leans back in his seat.
Instead I feel numb.
“Love.” John kisses him again, and again, the moment growing heavier, more desperate, their hands gripping tighter. “You raced with me.” He bites Greg’s lip, pulling it into his mouth, tasting his warm tongue. “You found me. You were there—”
His mouth falls open.
Sherlock holds up a hand, and John gives Hank a nod as he heads off towards his board, still shaking the muscles in his arms and shoulders loose.
Almost magically, John’s phone starts to vibrate in his pocket. He knows full-well that it’s either Sherlock or Greg trying to get a hold of him before he starts preparing for his race, and a wave of shame rushes through him that he never answered their texts before. That he’d stared at his phone lighting up in the locker room as it was from some completely other life, some separate universe. Not his own.
There’s a softness there. Deep lines of care etched around John’s gentle mouth. Grey circles from sleepless nights under Greg’s eyes from staying up worrying about Sherlock’s training. The two of them look at each other, silently communicating whether Sherlock has taken care of himself enough to win Gold.
Slowly he came out of it, his eyes never leaving mine. I could feel the air around us shift, losing its electric charge and settling into a floral sigh, like heavy wet moss laying its blanket down on the earth. We looked into each other, sought reassurances both, and without thinking I slowly started to trace my fingers down across his chest, down towards his nipples, down towards his stomach. It wasn’t sexual. It was salvation.
I stroked the line of his eyebrow with my thumb, and he hummed in that way he does when he’s coming up for air after a deep sleep.
certainly don’t say so.”
I tamp down the nerves in my gut as we walk in the front door, eyes scannin’ left and right like mad tryin’ to make sure nothing of Sherlock’s is in sight. Only one jacket on the hook, only one set of boots out back by the kitchen door, only one coffee mug leftover from breakfast sittin’ on the cleared off dining room table.
John stops in his tracks and tries to catch up. He feels like a kid caught out sneaking around after bed time. “I, uh – I honestly didn’t think you’d be awake.”
And yet . . . isn’t there chaos in the biathlon, the ringing guns and the snap of skis? Isn’t there beautiful chaos in the way he kisses Greg and Sherlock in turn? Doesn’t he
Rick shakes his head beside her with a grin. “Greg, I must say, we sure miss you in the competition, but it seems you were born to be a coach! What insight!”
“Er, yeah. Yeah, it’s me,” he says, then winces at how unimpressive he sounds.
John calls up to him as he paddles through the soft, clear water, voice echoing across the frothy surface. “Probably because you’re like a deep, black pit of terrifying mystery, and people are afraid of the ocean.”
Simon: “He was about thirty metres down when it caved in. We had the drills in place to bring him back up with the patient, but the tripod got sucked down –”
Interviewer: “The bickering?”
, stop. The both of you. You.” Greg points at Sherlock, then at John. “And you also.”
There’s just him, and the ice cold metal clutched in his hands, and the strong set of his shoulders as he takes his stance, aligning his spine. His eye tracks the target—just a black dot appearing from the billowing swirls of fog and snow. He places a perfectly steady fingertip on the trigger.
Greg looks to John, who’s standing absolutely still, hands no longer shaking, chin subtly raised.
View from the helicopter as the crevasse suddenly caves in. The plume of white cloud temporarily swallowing Simon, Dom, the cameraman, and the dog.
I look over at his hands clasped on top of the fence, at the old scars from holding his rodeo rope. “You sayin’ you wanna leave her the house? The land?” I ask, even though I know clear as day that ain’t what he means.
They seem to understand, though. Everything feels different now that it’s finally race day. Even the air feels sharper, colder somehow—vibrating the way the helicopter blades used to slice through like deadly ice right before take-off, burning against John’s skin and numbing his lips. Resonating in his bones.
I can still smell bits of mud and straw in his hair even over his sharp shampoo. It drowns me in the feel of him, lyin’ real and solid in my arms. His heartbeat races against my skin. A lightnin’ horse galloping straight through my own chest, burstin’ across the plains and tryin’ to break through my ribs.
Girlwhowearsglasses created this breathtaking
I hold my hand there on the side of his face. Gesture down quickly to my clothes with a glance. “Do I look alright, then?” I ask quietly.
Rick’s cheeks flush. “Of course, Coach. I’m sure you’re focused on how to get Holmes back up there in the Top 3! It would be easier if you were up there at the top with him though, wouldn’t it? And John, one last quest—”
Watson slowly pulls away from Holmes, reaching up to briefly cup his neck as they move apart. Neither of them glances warily back to the hangar. They just look at each other.
He shakes his head and tries to stand up as straight as possible. “No,” he says. “I’m in about two weeks, actually.”
John wants to turn his face up towards the thick soft clouds and laugh at the top of his lungs. A gigantic “take that!” to the universe that’s tried to drag him down over and over again.
And Greg can almost fool himself into believing that everything is about to go back to normal—whatever normal even means for three Olympic skiers. Well,
A lightness burns freshly in John’s chest. “You’re really serious?”
“Make him come,” Sherlock whispers. He sucks Greg’s earlobe between his wet lips. “Make him
Interviewer: “You said on the way there you wish you had John. Why was that?”
John and Greg both want Sherlock to
fucking Olympics rumor to contend with?
No limp.
—one he had so far managed to do impeccably well, no deaths or hospitalizations in sight. It was
French:
Years fall away. John is eighteen years old in a packed-up room at a ski lodge, forcing himself not to cry as he hugs Greg Lestrade goodbye for the last time, knowing he’ll never see him again, trying to burn the scent of his spearmint gum into his memory. John is twenty-four in a crowded barrack, sweating through his undershirt, his eyes glued to the screen as the rest of his unit celebrate their night off with cigarettes and poker, all of them ignoring the fact that the Olympics is on the tiny, grainy satellite telly in the corner; and John alone is watching the first and only man he ever kissed squat down in his skis at the top of a mountain in Turin, waiting for the buzzer. John is thirty-one, his heart stopping when he glimpses brown eyes on a magazine cover in a passing nurse’s hand, his face turning beat red when he later asks her to loan it to him; he’s falling asleep next to the dog-eared page, feeling absolutely pathetic, waking up in shame to the night-duty nurse carefully moving it aside. He’s thirty-three, looking up from his monoski and straight into Gregory Lestrade’s shocked face.
John looks around and feels like a tourist in his own city. He shoves his hand in his pocket making sure his apartment keys are there, but the thought of going back to the stale, empty room feels somehow like an accepted defeat. He should go home. Throw out the stale trash and open up the windows, run down to the bodega for some groceries and call in to make sure he’ll still be allowed to show up for work tomorrow.
Sherlock starts to stir, and John leans down to kiss him again.
I try again. “He was just kind to me is all,” I say.
Cut immediately to the inside of one of the lesser-used offices. The shot feels oddly unproduced. The lighting has not been altered, and the background noise and odd echoes of the room haven’t been properly mixed for sound.
Oh, God. Who’s crying, wiping his hand across one eye while smiling at John, beckoning him closer, calling out his name, and John wants to sprint to him—sod his leg—and crush both of them in his arms and weep along with them, kiss them, wipe the tears from Greg’s face—
That had been the night their fingertips touched in the cooling sand. The only time.
Watson: “So now you know he’s just as bloody soppy as the rest of us idiots.”
Then Sherlock reaches out to grab his wrist to stop him. “What if,” he starts, “what if we didn’t have to do this alone?”
“Buzz off! Can’t mellow out if you’re drowning me all over again, asshole,” John laughs. He moves to sit up on his board and rolls the kinks out of his neck in a long, slow circle. The endless blue stretches out in front of him. A question and an answer all at once. He sighs and runs his fingers through the wet tangles of his hair, brushing back his overlong fringe that’s turned almost white from the blinding sun and reveling in the way the little droplets of water trickle down his sides and back in a salty race.
He nods toward Alma Jr. waitin’ for me in the kitchen. “
The corner of Greg’s mouth twitches as they turn back to the barricade. “You are giving me too much of the benefit of the doubt. I have been mean before.”
Greg had paused for a long moment. “
“I think so,” he says.
“I said you should do it. I won’t take my word back now,” he says, and Sherlock closes his eyes and leans back against the tree, whispering John’s name softly into the warm breeze slowly drying the saltwater on his skin.
“Hm, but that was ages ago. You, you are still the soldier. You could still be fitting in your uniform.”
I’m not sure exactly how we manage to herd all the sheep up to the pasture and then make our way back to set up camp without saying a word, but we do. The stranger keeps his hat down low and lets his spine sway gently with the horse beneath him. He pulls a packet of sunflower seeds out his jacket pocket once we start pitchin’ the tent by the stream and building the fire, and he spits out the seeds every fifteen seconds on the dot. I stay as far away from him as is damn near possible.
John licks his lips now and holds his chin un-self-consciously high. “James Sholto. He was the one who called me. Why I didn’t see you when you tried to find me.”
Sherlock smiles, gently lighting up the sadness that had settled in the corner of his eyes. He nods. “Noted, Captain.”
this nervous,” he says, staring at the door. “I’ve never seen him look so . . . so . . .”
“Just you being there is enough, you know,” John whispers, suddenly desperately earnest. “You there with us.”
After a few minutes she silently reaches over and presses the button to roll down the windows, and the sea-scented breeze gently blasts against my face and ruffles through my thin hair. And I think of the way Sherlock Holmes’ curls wave in the wind. And for the first time in the World since Catherine closed her eyes, I feel happy.
A sudden thought pops into John’s head, and he clings to it like a lifeline.
She throws back her head and laughs. “Aw jeez, and you let me stand here goin’ off earlier on how I wanna smack the lips off him. And he’s your friend!” She guffaws up to the clouds, her breath a huge white puff. “Gee, well, how in hell did you come to meet someone like him?”
I turn the card over in my hand, thinking maybe he just used the same card to write back to me, and then my entire world turns black.
Sherlock smirks and runs a hand over the firm curve of John’s arse. “Join the club, Watson. I’m pretty sure Greg’s had t-shirts made up. Now let’s go.”
He’s watching me. I can feel it.
But they have, and John can’t breathe, and he strains and strains and
He sits there and he looks at Greg. He sees his best friend. The man who’d walked up to him in the sand and asked him if he surfed. Who’d met up with him nearly every morning for two years without ever knowing where or who he’d been in all the years before. Who’d brushed the soaked hair back from his wet face in the shallows, and sat by his hospital bed telling him too many details about the latest episodes of MASH.
John smiles when he sees Scotty’s driving them back in the direction of his house. They park on the same patch of grass and walk down the shadowed lane together in soft silence, Scotty kicking a rock ahead and doing soccer tricks with it with his sandaled feet. John stops himself from sighing in relief at the sight of the hut. He has absolutely no reason on earth to be thinking of this place as home. No reason to feel his body relax when it comes into view.
for the vocabulary lesson. I forgot already about your selfless sacrifice all the afternoon—letting John sleep.”
John thinks he hears a whisper when he’s already halfway down the lane, a voice carried gently on the wind. It’s faint and ghostly, shivering up his spine in warmth and trembling through the boughs on the tropical trees.
The voice on the other end sounds like gunsmoke and sand. Like jet engines humming down to a purr after a plane lands.
A flash of recognition, some deeper understanding, passes over Sherlock’s face when Greg briefly looks down.
“Marks,” says a voice disconcertingly close to him.
No time for “sir, yes, sir!” when the order came to
He hardly listens as the interviewer’s protests fade away into the howling wind and snow, disappearing into the fog. Nobody else speaks as they calmly resume their gate positions, as if it had never even happened, and as if the earth itself has frozen solid.
Slowly, the image through the lens starts to clear, and we realize that we are staring straight up at Watson’s face. He looks down, almost straight at the camera, framed by the sight of a now-clear blue sky.
“When it has to do with whether or not you just fucking died in front of my very eyes, then
John presses back harder against Sherlock’s lips and curses under his breath. “You held your huge cock in your hand –”
Greg grins, but the question is still in his eyes, and John sighs.
“—and they will ask the same inane questions and speculate on the same boring things. They will make the same pointless jokes. And most of the questions will be directed at me anyway as the competitor. You can just sit there and talk about winning four Golds and look incredibly competent and wise in your coach’s jacket.”
"You're full of shit," he'd tell me, in that way of his that is so casual and so groundbreaking all at once. The first twig breaking through the winter frost which tethers me to his voice. "Thinkin' the future civilizations gon' care about the dribble little ol' me has to say."
“Believe me, Greg here has already shared every emotion he could possibly have on the matter while you were still clamoring your way in here. Took you a bit of time to get here, didn’t it? Since it appears you thought yourself too worthy to sit in the ADA seating up front, no? You could’ve gotten here much faster if you hadn’t been stuck trying not to trip on fifty bleachers.”
Sherlock gasps quietly, eyebrows comically raised up his forehead. “John Watson, cursing in a church? Wash out your mouth.”
He thinks of the moment he’d been sitting in the hotel lobby in Sochi, the day he would move into the Athletes’ Village for the Games. When he’d seen the subtitled news headline across the television propped up in the corner:
Watson: “God I fucking told him to wait! I fucking told him –”
“Surf today, John,” he says, gazing into his eyes. “Do it for you. Please.”
John reaches up and tears off Sherlock’s hood, letting his curls burst free. He grips them. Holds Sherlock’s shoulders, his back. He breathes in the sweat and the ice and the ski wax and the lycra.
“Why would I do such a thing?”
“You’re up thirty-first in trials—that’s the third and final grouping. There’s time.”
j’ai envie de toi : I want you
John turns to Greg in the middle of the chaos. For a beat, they stare at each other, the noise of the stadium practically vibrating the snow. Never has John wanted to kiss him so badly, to tell him secret, precious words, and he can’t, because they’re in the middle of the fucking packed stands at the last Olympic Final, and they’re surrounded by the press, and Greg is one of the top three most famous people in the entire stadium, and John wishes he could just—
It feels utterly, unbelievably wonderful.
John drops his backpack to Sherlock’s floor with a dull thud and stretches out his screaming arm. “How did you know I’d gone six kilometers?”
I taste my entire life on his lips.
Sonya laughs. “Yes, it seemed earlier you were hinting that many of the coaching decisions—some of the angles, the ski design—they have been Holmes’ ideas—?”
Sherlock looks up from where he still kneels on the wet ground. Their eyes meet.
He settles on the couch, flashing the interviewer a small smile to show he isn’t actually upset, then dries the leftover water on his hands on his jeans. He takes something out from under his arm and leans forward to hand it to the interviewer: a picture frame.
Sherlock hears a rumble next to him, and turns just in time to see Johnny burst out laughing, shoulder brushing against Sherlock’s as he leans back in the sand to take a deep breath. He shoots Sherlock a smile then, warm and private on the tip of his lips, and Sherlock almost closes his eyes and looks away. He’s never had a smile like that directed at him. Ever. It almost hurts to look at, like staring straight up into the sun over Oahu.
-I don't think there's any surfing terms or slang in this chapter, but if you'd like anything defined please let me know!
I can’t think about it.
He watches Greg give John the look that means, “
“John.”
John’s legs look strong and clean as he skids to a stop, showering the next lane with ice. He  tosses his poles to the ground. His stride barely even falters—his body’s fluid movements never ceasing for so much as a second.
“Right,” he says. His voice sounds like an old, crumbled up fall leaf laying flattened out on the pavement.
“The reason Holmes has summoned you,” Greg says, conscious of people still milling about. “Is we are wanting to know if you would ski with us.”
Not thirty minutes ago, the locker room had been choked thick with hot steam, packed full with athletes all recovering from the grueling race. There had been some celebrating, yes—men half-clothed in unzipped racing suits or draped in towels coming over to congratulate John and the Silver and Bronze. Whistles and cheers from most of his competitors, curses and jibes from his ex-military mates. The completely alien weight of fifty stares on his body; the churning, disorienting mix of goodwill, brotherhood, and, from a few cold glances, envy.
There was chaos, and an explosion of sound, and orders screamed out into the void, half at the sailors, half into buzzing old radios. There was sweat dripping down into eyes and John followed Keith Hartman in front of him and ran and ran and ran. And that’s when it started to rain.
“Pardon?” John says from the back, sounding far too calm.
And that they had both missed John, in such a terrifying amount that it couldn’t even be expressed out loud. Never would be.
“You still joining me, Holmes? Or did you get your fill already?”
John quickly shakes his head, looking down at his bare foot against the concrete floor to hide his shame. “No. My body feels fine. I stretched out my shoulder.”
I pull back and look at him. Suddenly I understand. “You didn’t anticipate this,” I squeeze his wrist. “You didn’t want it. So you were scared.”
John whips his head back towards Sherlock and gapes at him with wet and burning eyes. He can barely speak. “What did you do?” he whispers. Sherlock smiles at him like somehow John just hung the sun, then he leans forward and softly kisses his cheek. John’s too shocked to realize it’s the first time anyone’s seen them kiss. He doesn’t even flinch. Doesn’t move.
“We should not have distracted you,” he says, hating that he unintentionally just used his ‘calming Coach voice.’ “It is alright—the silence.
hear John’s curses, loud and clear as they soar through the air.
John realizes he wants to cry. He shoves his phone back in his pocket with fumbling hands and lets out all the stale breath in his lungs with a gasping moan, grunting out the last wisps of curdled fear from his gut. He leans over again with his hands on his knees, taking deep breaths as the roaring through his veins slowly fades. Nobody’s around to see the random Paralympic skier nearly sinking to his knees in the middle of the snow after barely three hours of mediocre practice. Nobody’s around to film it, or witness it, or announce it on telly.
“To a woman?” I gasp.
Sherlock doesn’t correct him with ‘start from square one.’ Greg wonders if it’s always been like this—where he has known the correct phrase deep down but says it incorrectly on purpose, just to hear Sherlock correct him and make John laugh. But Sherlock lets him say ‘from the first square’. And John isn’t here.
—do not follow.”
John’s ribs squeeze. “But what will you—”
Sherlock gently sets down Greg’s toothbrush and frowns. He tiptoes to the cracked-open door of the bathroom and presses his ear to the wood. When he still hears nothing, not even the quiet tapping of two people on their phones, or the groaning sighs from some sort of massage, or whispered words, Sherlock holds his breath in the pulsing silence, suddenly nervous, and peaks one eye through the crack to look.
He’s staring up at Orion, begging him to speak his name. To whisper. To blink.
“Christ, I can feel you,” he hears himself say, almost whimper.
Watson looking down out of the helicopter window with his fist over his mouth, looking worried. Behind him, Patrick sorts through his supplies, exuding normalcy and calm.
Watson’s eyes don’t leave his face.
But then Greg just sniffs hard against the cold, clears his throat, and shoves his hands into his pockets once more, looking everywhere but the official course.
I look down at what she’s holding gently in her palm. A pair of glasses.
“How do you know that?” I finally ask. “How can you possibly know that?”
I yell over the roar of the engine. “So you got Van Cleave?”
For a long moment, there’s only silence. Sherlock can’t tell if he’s only projecting the unsteadiness in Greg’s lungs. Their bare chests are nearly close enough to touch, everything blurry in Sherlock’s vision but Greg’s huge eyes.
Watson’s voice: “Right, copy.”
“I . . . I saw them. Your texts. I don’t know why . . . I felt like I needed to focus. I’m sorry. I don’t know.”
Sometimes we find ourselves caught under the spell right in the light of day, laughing and falling onto each other right out there under the burstin’ blue sky and letting the skin on our backs strain green with the grass.
Scotty blinks once more slowly, then shakes his head back into focus and snaps his mouth shut. His brain seems to come back alive, and he stands up straight, shoving his hands in his flannel pockets and clearing his throat. John wants to run towards him and laugh.
athletes in this house, not two.”
over. All the training, and the months apart; the long nights John spent awake and aching in his leg and shoulder, too sore to sleep; all the sacrifices, and the arguments, the Paralympic Class tests and the special conditioning; the spotlight and the interviews and the third place time trial the day before . . .
T’étais où? : colloquial 'where have you been?'
“Sherlock!”
Received:
He presses his nose into my hair and inhales. “Told myself the whole way here we wasn’t gonna get into this again,” he says low. His breath moves soft against my scalp.
is flying. This is performing the impossible. He pushes his fingers deeper inside, trembling at the taste of Greg’s bare neck, the raw power of him laid powerless, and he thinks . . . he thinks . . .
They roll into each other. Press and push and thrust. The room is filled with the wet sounds of thick cocks slipping across lapping tongues. Sherlock breathes out his nose, grips John’s ass harder in his hand, and grinds him deep against his face, taking him all the day down until his pubic hair rubs a rash against his chin.
She chuckles. It sounds sharp and empty. “From what he said I reckon’ they’ll be there ‘til the day they die. You know it’s strange, now I think about it. Not a week before it happened he done asked me to try and find out a legal question for him. Said he didn’t want his ashes buried in the family plot up in Wyoming whenever his time comes. Said he wanted his ashes scattered some place called Baker Mountain. I wasn’t sure where that was. He talked about so many fantastical places and things I thought maybe it was out in another country or some such, or from a book he read. You know sometimes he’d come into work lookin’ awful sickly and talkin’ like his head was in the clouds, with his eyes all red. Thought maybe he had a disease or somethin’. He talked about Baker a lot when he was in a state like that. Anyways so I just sent the ashes up to his folks, at the end of the day.”
” And then a cursing Greg Lestrade had appeared through the trees into the open snow, Sherlock’s surname on his furious lips. And he’d seen John Watson sitting calmly in his monoski by Sherlock’s side. And Greg had stopped dead in his tracks, mid-curse, and breathed, “
He’d stopped by Greg and Molly’s new place after his shift ended last night. He’d only been there once before for a party when they first moved in. He always remembered that night with a shudder – for multiple reasons. The main one being the fact that he’d taken a look around the place and realized that he was by far the oldest person in the room, and that people were avoiding him like the dreaded older brother, and that he had absolutely no business being there intruding on all of their good time by standing ominously in the corner with a warm beer in his hand and waiting for Greg or Molly to come over and talk to him. He’d left after twenty minutes.
Sherlock knows the moment that he’s won. Can see the beautiful shift in John’s face, the burning excitement in his limbs, the low sense of adventure, the hum around his body that John always gets right before he shoots a gun, or pushes off down a slope.
He whips it out, heart racing, and answers without even glancing at the screen.
John huffs and pushes his arm against Sherlock’s shoulder. “You know what I fucking mean.”
Greg can see the fight dying in John’s body, like a physical energy seeping out from his limbs in a thick fog. Like he’s spent every ounce of energy and doesn’t have a single thing left. Even his eyes look flat, as if the blue has been sucked out of them and thrown off into the open sky.
John breathes a raspy chuckle into his chest. It vibrates against his palms, the same way his skis always groan straight down into the marrow of his bones, molding themselves to the skeleton of his calves and feet.
of Greg during the chaos at the finish threatens to overwhelm him, squeezing precious air from his tired lungs. And the fact that Sherlock Holmes had to text John
“But here you are.”
me and not
the Billabong Pipeline Masters champion. Then Sherlock’s words from just that morning float to him on the warm, floral breeze, cutting harshly through his fantasy.
(See the end of the chapter for
Greg’s voice, through the headset: “Clear to exit.”
Asher trails off, and John forces himself to keep his head high as he watches the two of them do the quick up-and-down of his body with their eyes, trying to figure out what the fuck is wrong with him. Which part doesn’t work correctly. Which part he’s missing.
John’s voice is breaking and choked. “Just, do you have any idea how long . . . how long I’ve wanted to do that?” He pauses again to catch his breath, eyes shining. “I can’t – seventeen fucking years, Sherlock. I’ve wanted to do this. And it feels –” He swallows down a cry, shaking his head self-deprecatingly before running his forearm over his face. “It felt so fucking good. So
Almost immediately, a new alarm sounds. The team left in the hangar jumps quickly into action. Helmets are pulled on, and the chopper blades roar, and the familiar sound of voices through radios fills the hangar with a static buzz. Gerold hops into the pilot seat as Dom latches the rear door.
, I said ‘us’.
“Yeah, I know how you get, old man,” he calls back over his shoulder. “Crotchety old hodad shit sitting out here on your wrinkly ass wishing us young kids weren’t putting you to shame on every wave.”
Holmes, shaking his head, in a whisper: “He looked miserable. I know. Well, but, I didn’t know. I didn’t realize how it was affecting him to keep things the way they were. We’d been doing it for so long, I just . . . I didn’t
Sherlock nods. What he really wants is to turn over and hold John’s face in his hands and swear to him that absolutely nothing is about to change tomorrow. That they will still be
He’d roll his eyes at me now if he were reading over my shoulder. Maybe he will one day when he inevitably finds my words tucked between his filled pages.
the weight of their silent questions at his back, probably wondering if he’s lost his mind. Maybe they’re getting imaginative with it, and think Greg’s taken them out here to tie them up and leave them for dead. Or they’ll have a grand race: the winner gets the eternal affection of their choosing. A few weeks ago, Greg would have even added ‘have sex in the snow’ to the list of possibilities. Hadn’t they all recently joked about that? But not now. Now, Greg can’t even fathom the mechanics of their intimacy anymore; who would touch who where and how. The space between them feels insurmountable by something as simple as physical touch.
“With what?” he asks quietly.
“It’s alright, John,” Scotty says. His voice is steady and assured. He isn’t lying.
He’s in Hawaii. He’s going to surf in the Billabong. He isn’t even
Everything is calm. Understated. Surfers start and end their heats with a cheer, and a blanket of silent focus hovers over the shore. Sherlock calls each ride as it’s happening – which wave they’ll take, how tall it’ll be, what will happen. Three surfers wipe out, but all of them happen early enough in the wave to simply dive through the face and surface on the other side of the crest, missing the crash of the breaking point.
Then Greg says, “You are thinking of John.”
“I was just thinking the same thing,” he says. The smile on his face hurts his cheeks. The salty breeze tingles across his sensitive lips, carrying the taste of John’s mouth across the sand on a gentle, soothing wind.
“You give your order for next week’s supplies and load up the mule. I don’t want no funny business from you with the camp ordering, you hear? That’s your only job, keeping the two of you alive. Don’t fuck it up.”
He is three years back in time, as they kiss and rock together, and as Greg licks into his mouth, groaning at the newness of it all. He is twenty-five, and the most handsome, most accomplished man he’s ever met in his life is lovingly kissing his limbs in a hotel room after a race, kneeling over him and finally coming on his chest, and that man is Sherlock’s entire sun, his oxygen and sky. There is nothing else that can compare. Just him.
asleep,” Sherlock says, indignant even as his body melts back into Greg’s arms.
Greg threads his fingers through locks of tangled curls, even as warm water builds in the corners of his eyes. He can feel John’s gentle palm rubbing his ribs and side.
I take time to clear my throat, lettin’ him see the thick emotion in my eyes. He looks small, even standin’ there in his old Stetson hat and the nice maroon checkered shirt I got him for Christmas.
John Watson is breathtaking when he wakes up in the late morning. I’d never tell him that, not in a million years, but he’s like the first warm breeze of spring rushing through the frozen canyons, brushing away the top layer of frost from the pines like a puff of breath.
Ten months later brings a little girl in my arms – Alma Jr. A year and a half after that, it’s Francine. I hop between ranch hand jobs from season to season, always within driving distance of our little wooden house that sits twenty miles outside the center of town with a long line of laundry always blowin’ out in the yard.
But it is. Because I’ve told myself this will be my last Visit. And because I’ve signed a paper saying it is not my last wish to Stay.
can predict that. I got lucky today.”
Interviewer: “So, you broke in.”
Sherlock turns away from the vast velvet sky and pinpricks of stars and peers instead into Greg’s room, letting his eyes adjust. One small snore erupts from the human outline he can see on the bed—above all the sheets, because Greg Lestrade is an incomprehensible human who becomes a furnace in his sleep.
Greg nearly bites his own tongue when the precious word escapes Sherlock’s lips, the one Greg’s only heard a treasured handful of times since that one fateful practice, that night that started it all . . .
As always, thank you so much for reading, leaving kudos, and commenting. I'm blown away by the support for this little AU!
“Fine. You might have a point,” he says, rolling his eyes, and John grins up at him, looking soft and relaxed. Looking perfect.
John forces his eyes open, then licks his lips and warms his palms with his breath before placing them down squarely on Sherlock’s shoulder blades, anchoring him down into the earth. “It’s so beautiful,” he whispers. To his relief Sherlock slowly relaxes beneath him as John begins to run his palms up and down the length of Sherlock’s back. He presses deep into his skin, gliding smoothly from the tops of his shoulders down to the divots above the backs of his hips. He hears Sherlock sigh, and watches him gently, just barely arch his spine, pressing his hips down into the earth and his back up against John’s hands.
Holmes closes his eyes and takes a deep breath, and we see one of his knees start to wildly bounce.
But I think I can confidently write here, in the safety of this journal, that I don’t think he’s ever been hotter, ever been more of a sexy, irresistible man than when he fully embraced the newness of his body that night, and took all of his pleasure from the changes in his skin. Even since that night he’s grown, and it makes me sad to think that it might not be possible to do that again any time soon. But I’ll cherish this trip forever. It wasn’t lost on me at all that most people on the planet don’t have a Mycroft Holmes to magically whisk them away to a private villa in Spain – that if Sherlock had any other last name we would just be two guys totally alone in getting through this, without any respite or recourse to turn to when the world rejects our family. Christ, I’m a fucking lucky man.
And as the two of them start bickering on proper security protocols for the coach housing complex, John slips out his phone for the first time since before his race, flicking it on.
Greg looks back to the other coach, trying to appear cool and casual as his heart beats up in his throat, and his fingers feel numb. “In France, too. It will be big news,” he manages to say.
We do realize, darlin. We realize, and your granddaddy is so proud of you he got choked up talking to me about it just the other night. That photo you mailed us of you at that rainbow parade. We may be too backwoods to get them internet cables you’re begging us to get, so as you can send us letters without having to use paper.
“Well which fight are you in the mood for?” Sherlock asks, because Sherlock wants to fight. He wants Greg to get riled up and exasperated and gorgeous and incensed. He wants to hear his Coach commanding him what to do and where to be, so something in his life will finally feel normal and not permanently obliterated.
My chest hurts like it’s being crushed. I can barely hear my own voice. “Don’t have to be that long but . . .reckon there’s nothing else we can do. We’s stuck in our own loops, you and me.”
John sighs, waking up his lungs, and turns on his side to stretch back his shoulder. He stares at the small photograph pinned to the wall by his side of the bed. He’d taken it on their trip down to surf Bells Beach in Australia back in February. John smiles now to himself looking at it – remembering how Sherlock had rolled his eyes so hard they’d nearly popped out of his head when John had pulled a brand new camera out of his bag when they got to the hotel.
” He sits back and rubs his palms on the knees of his jeans. “
He’d pulled the film from the camera and waved it in the air to develop, smirking at Sherlock’s shocked expression as his hands flew up to grab in his hair.
They’ve been silent for fifteen whole minutes now, and Greg can’t bear another second of it or he’ll go mad.
Listen to ' Eat, Sleep, Wake (Nothing But You)' by Bombay Bicycle Club
feet, and that the prototype for the new prosthesis would be ready in just three weeks. And that John wasn’t allowed to worry about where they got the money to pay.
Watson: “Well, tell you what, I’m never forgetting to take that bloody thing off ever again.”
He leans back against the counter, arms back over his chest, and tries not to feel like a stranger—just a nurse who happened to pass by and got stuck in the room.
It’s just him and Sherlock Holmes.
Gerold is silent for a moment, then nods. Watson quickly unbuckles and climbs into the back, where he can start to strap in and prepare his harness. We can see from the odd shaking in his hands that he’s nervous. It’s a state we’ve never seen him in before, and it looks disconcerting.
just the project; he
And the second truth:
“Well shit,” John breathes as he looks out at the wave-less water. He perches on his board and tries to count the minutes in his head. Each second that ticks by without a swell feels like another chance at going pro is slipping effortlessly out to sea, just out of the reach of his fingertips. The only benefit of waiting there like a sitting duck is the fact that
He’s in a lot of pain, I know that now. His face is a grimace every time he needs to move, and his legs wobble and sway when he walks. He barely sleeps at night, managing just an hour or so before he needs to get up. I’m always awake with him during those times – it’s essential that I am, though neither of us ever says it out loud.
Subtly, gradually, a tension seeps back into the room. Watson leans over and stares down at the ground, twiddling his hands. The interviewer scoots her chair forward, scraping it harshly across the tile.
“Yes of course I know that. Everyone knows that,” he says. “Just had to look at you for thirty seconds to see it. The way you hold yourself. The way you ran and chased my suspect for me that first night. Of course you were a soldier. Only idiots can’t see that.”
Suddenly he laughs. A smile and a sigh and a sob all at once as the pent-up fear in his body escapes from his muscles in a rush. He looks up once towards the sky, noting one solitary dove flying gently across the sea of soft, white clouds, and then he looks back towards the shore. John Watson stands alone in the crowd, illuminated on the beach by a ray of sunlight shining down directly onto his body. The rest of the people on the beach are waving their arms and cheering for him, calling out and clapping and rushing in closer to the water. But John stands silent and unmoving. Arms clasped tightly behind his neck. With a brilliant smile illuminating every corner of his face.
We cut to Watson in the back moving quickly as Freda’s eyes droop closed in the warm bag. He inserts an IV into the back of her hand and starts to administer pain meds, then reaches up and quickly wipes away one of the tears rolling down her cheek.
I can’t tell you how nervous I was. He was beautiful, your granddaddy. (Still is, but that ain’t the point). He was brave, and beautiful, and he was assured of himself in a way I’d never been for a single second of my whole life. He’d gone and done things. He’d seen half the world. He’d been with a woman. He knew and he knew and he knew.
“Loosen up!” she cries, shoving my arm. “Jesus, this may be the eighties but we’ve all lived past this point in the World, you know. Your lot aren’t being chased down out on the streets anymore,” she says.
(It could be all wrong, it could upset the order of things, it could push John away forever, it could hurt Greg’s knee, it could scramble and reassemble Sherlock’s brain into something unrecognizable, into someone who doesn’t even know how to ski, it could be terrifying.)
“I love you. God, I love you.”
I expect a scolding, but the stranger just hums beside me, considering. “They definitely don’t include this in the brochures,” he agrees. “But there’s more here than just a never-ending night out.”
Scotty stops walking once John notices him and stands there waiting, eyes squinting hard against the harsh sun. John still can’t even believe what he’s seeing. For a terrifying moment he thinks he must have heat stroke and is seeing a mirage. Because there is absolutely no fucking way that not even twelve hours after thoroughly chewing him out (and being chewed out) on the moonlit sand, and being explicitly told to stay the hell away, that Scotty Holmes has donned a suit, found out where John works, and come here to --- what? Humiliate him some more? Gloat? Tell him that all of yesterday was really just a lucid dream - that John was slipped some mushrooms or some shit by a co-conspirator and never actually made pro in the first place?
“Oh alright, well if we’re spilling each other’s dirty secrets, then,” Sherlock says, standing tall and lifting his chin, “
“No I—I need to go. I need to see him.”
Greg looks apologetic, already murmuring, “Sorry about all of this, John,” just as Sherlock huffs dramatically and blows a curl out of his eyes.
He feels Johnny’s slow smile next to him. The thick fog between them clears under the new warmth in Johnny’s eyes, and Sherlock gasps in a breath so deep he feels his lungs stretch out his chest. The silence drags on while Johnny draws nonsense in the sand with his finger. Sherlock feels in tune with every cell in Johnny’s body – every beat of his heart and flex of a muscle. Every thought. Every pulse in perfect symphony with the steady thrum of the waves. Finally Johnny sits up and rolls back his shoulders, put together once more.
Helicopter blades echo, mixed with a blaring siren.
He’d held John in the silent kitchen for a long time, letting John breathe roughly against his chest. John had stood stunned, arms hanging limply at his sides, feeling numb and small and completely overwhelmed. Then he’d felt Sherlock’s lips press gently into his hair, suddenly filling his bones with such a sense of
“J,” Greg says, nearly whispering. “Please.
Before either Simon or Greg can argue back, Holmes strides towards the helicopter.
“Scott Holmes?” She sucks in a shaking breath and wipes the back of her hand under her wet nose. “Scott
John pulls him closer. “No, I’m sorry. I’m so sorry I let you down. Fuck, I’m sorry.”
Interviewer’s voice: “Have you ever had to perform CPR on someone who was not a stranger? Whom you knew?”
“I’ve studied the waves in Hawaii almost my entire life. I know how to win there. I can show you.”
“Tell me about it,” he growls. “Tell me why you’re so open and wet.”
He forces himself to turn his phone completely off so he won’t be tempted to text like he did the day before. He thinks of John walking around the Biathlon center with the German athlete they’d seen from afar in the parking lot. He thinks of John laughing, and eating a quick lunch, and drinking enough water, and enjoying the clear sky.
“Last night?” Greg says before he can stop himself. “You met up last night?”
John doesn’t look up from his feet as they all manoeuvre their way down the stairs, zigzagging through the crowds. He doesn’t look at anyone else’s face except the Olympics course attendant as he explains their situation, briefly gesturing to his leg. As he says that he’s there to watch his nephew Shane Williams compete, and that these are his parents.
John rolls his eyes and the tension breaks, giving way to calm breathing as John starts walking down the path besides Molly with Greg and Sherlock starting out ahead of them, slowly pulling away as they all eventually make their way back down along the stretch of beach. Molly walks beside him in easy silence, one hand playing in the tips of her hair over her shoulder. When Greg and Sherlock are too far ahead to hear John sticks his hands in his pockets and breathes in the scent of the sea.
Except I don’t feel ashamed. I just feel dead.
“Ain’t no mountains like this in Texas,” he says over the low hum of the engine.
The air changes. He glances towards me with parted lips, breath fogging in the moonlight. I look back at him and feel electricity shoot down my legs. Makes me want to leap up into the air and kick and yell something stupid like “Yes! I’m alive! So are you!”
Greg sighs and rubs his brow. “You could have just
And when my lungs are burning, and my legs are numb, and I haven’t yet caught any glimpse of a tall dark head of curls, I find myself dragging my heavy legs back towards the darkened old house by the beach. And the front door creaks open as the alarm on my wrist starts to blare into the salty silence.
Radio voice, in German: “Update for you on Rothorn. Female patient: eight years of age, possible broken femur with broken skin.”
How is there only one winner if there are three separate Finals (and three separate Prelims), you ask?
It was just the two of us tracking down this tiny piece of evidence. Lestrade and his guys were focusing on another angle closer to the crime scene, and so I was free to open my mouth and praise Sherlock was much as I wanted. I could tell he was soaking it up, letting my words hold his head higher and higher as we worked in that easy partnership we’ve always had.
(And I promise that I'm still responding to comments on 'Gimme Shelter'! Slowly but surely.)
somebody now. And they may not like me any better than a pile of dog shit but people trust that I know what the hell I’m talking about when it comes to waves and boards.”
Her voice is a bit raspy. “Can I get you anything? Do you need a new pillow? Some water?”
Remembering the feel of Sherlock’s trembling wet lips on his cheek.
Then the image of John hurling the bullet away into the sea pops into his mind, and he knows it’s not just some silly competition at all.
Gritting his teeth, Sherlock makes his final decision. He hadn’t realized there was still a chance of him turning back empty handed until this moment. But now, the answer screams at him. It simply must be done. John will be livid, will curse him for days, will blame Sherlock for ruining his sleep, destroying both their chances at Gold, traumatizing his roommate, etcetera.
Sherlock’s partially joking, he knows, and yet Greg is ashamed at the overwhelming wave of relief that floods though his system—that ever-present terror that one day a camera will catch him looking at Sherlock Holmes with more than just Coach showing in his eyes.That someone will finally ask why they’re usually driven away from practices and press events in the same car. That someone will purchase a gigantic telescope and zoom straight through the thin walls of their flat to glimpse them together in bed, with another man in between them.
Hank jogs after them across the beach, waving a hand for them to wait.
John looks over at him and smirks. “You watch sunsets on a beach on a blanket by yourself? What do you live in a fucking romance movie?”
They both jump apart and turn towards the sound of the voice, and Sherlock feels his stomach turn into lead. It’s the policeman.
Cut to Greg watching them run out onto the ice from the pilot’s seat.
“Oh, him winning the Gold in Sochi does not count as well?
He blinks twice, and I can hear him responding “
That’s why he needs to say thank you, he thinks as he trudges slowly down the lane. Because he wouldn’t have faulted Scotty one goddamn bit if he hadn’t just left John to drown in his own defensive anger and self-pity in the sand.
you—”
“Barely,” John says. “All I’ve learned from listening to these two are profanities.” Then he pauses as Sasha chuckles, and he looks over at Sherlock and Greg. Sherlock’s fingers are brushing the back of Greg’s neck in slow circles, and Greg, without hesitation, moves his hand to John’s prosthetic, draping over his knee.
“John,” he says again. “If I – if we meet in the World. If I agree to that. Will you promise me this won’t be your last Visit?”
The mere suggestion that Sherlock could think of John in such a demeaning way makes him want to shoot something. “Well, I highly doubt you’ve been staring at the walls and sick with worry over me alone. Not with your Gold in your pocket.”
“Johnny!”
Sherlock hears Greg smile, but then it fades.
They are clearly just about to break off for the day when Watson steps forward a bit into the group, with his hands in his pockets. Everyone turns to face him. It’s clear he’s asked for their attention.
, and Greg swallows hard over the realization that they will never again stand in their favorite room like this—just the three of them, before everything, the way it’s always been.
We zoom around just in time to watch Gerold’s helicopter descend as close as it can go to the uneven ground, even battling through mist and the storming fog.
Scotty kneels in the sand beside him wordlessly and gets out his wax, settling into an age-old routine in silence. John follows. He lets his toes curl up in the cool, dry sand, feeling the stretch in his thighs. John thinks as he waxes in steady, slow circles that the man next to him seems to be able to transform into an entirely new person at will. This contemplative, peaceful presence next to him is certainly not the pushy runway model from the day before, or the hesitant man who held out the bullet, or the frizzy-haired kid splaying him open in the moonlit sand, or the statuesque god who scoffed at him out on the waves from behind a pair of aviators. He isn’t even the man from the pier.
Greg blinks to find that he’s standing in the fluorescent hallway of the Jeongseon training center. He has no memory of taking the van, or arriving at the pass, or even checking in.
And I thought, as I pressed wet lips to his neck, and whispered his name, and sparked bright heat up my spine . . .
After almost a week of this I can’t barely stand it no longer. I think of our first few days up on Baker when I was high as a kite to be away from him and on my own at the camp, and it makes me want to kick an empty can as far and as hard as I can just to hear it cling against my boot. It’s lonely as hell up on the bluff in the little pup tent with the sheep, and my hand strays in between my legs in the choking black of night more times than I care to admit.
He’d gotten to the bottom a handful of seconds later and realized that none of it had brought him joy. The act itself had been nothing more than a monotonous blip, an un-momentous collection of motions long-memorized by tired muscles and joints. A mildly creative means from Point A to Point B. He’d sat in the shade of the stadium walls until the sun was halfway up in the sky, and the Village started to fill with people who would notice Super-Greg hiding behind the luge track, looking like he’d spent all night sprawled out in the snow.
“Fucking me until I can’t breathe. Filling me with you. Holding me down and –”
Scotty stands still gazing at him, hands helplessly wringing at his sides. John dares him with his eyes to keep fighting – to put up another ridiculous, pointless, goddamn unbelievable selfish excuse why John should go out and embarrass himself on Scotty’s home turf tomorrow. Finally Scotty ducks his head and nods, taking another step back.
She keeps scrubbing that one spot. “You know, I used to wonder how come you never brought home any fish when you knew little Alma was waitin’ for some back at home. You’d tell us all bout the trout leapin’ out the river up on Baker and somehow never had no luck catchin’ one. So one year, I went into your tackle box with the price tag still on it, and I tied a little note to the end of your fishin’ line. It said ‘Dear John, Bring home a big fish for our Junior, love Alma.’ You come back a week later all sad and low in your boots. Took the first chance I got to go in there and look at your fishin’ line.” Her body starts to shake next to mine, and I feel the walls of the kitchen close in on me like the tiny little boxes they locked us in in the army for POW training.
A gasp rolls through the crowd.
Show me,” Greg begs him again.
John’s eyes are sparkling. He gently smacks Sherlock’s thigh on top of him. “You fucking liar! Admit it. You’ve got a thing for it.”
“Son of a bitch can ride –”
It broke me, to know that I had done that. He’s been in there for almost two hours now, and I can guess what he’s doing. He’s been staring at himself in the mirror, staring at his sideways reflection at the way his belly pushes full and round out in front of him, and the way his nipples have swelled and peaked. I know he’s standing there wondering why I’d ever think that was handsome, or why he’d ever kidded himself that he’s a true man, body and soul.
He tries to grin. “No, I, of course. That’s not in confidence. At least, not anymore. But, that isn’t everything.” He takes a deep breath, squares his shoulders, lifts his chin like he did before his first solo takeoff. “It isn’t just him—Sherlock. It’s three of us. Myself, Sherlock, and Lestrade. Greg.”
But then again, maybe Greg does know it was one of the bravest things in the history of the earth. Maybe he knows more than even Sherlock ever could.
And as Sherlock rolls his eyes at him in protein-bar-flavor scorn, and casually turns back to whatever skiing-related video he’s watching on his screen, for the first time since the tester put his fingertips on the bare skin of John’s thigh that morning, John’s lungs finally take in a full breath of air.
“He wouldn’t just
Almost two hours later, John stumbles out of the hot, steaming locker room to a blast of freezing air on his face, and the winter sun already slipping well behind the distant peaks, casting the world in shadow.
that Greg can’t bear to think of his last conversation with his mother while he has a naked John Watson in his arms. Or ever.
John sighs into Sherlock’s back, and his warm breath softens into his skin. “Really, though, what the hell am I gonna do out here,” he says. His arms tighten around Sherlock’s stomach, and his cheek presses into his shoulder, stubble rasping against Sherlock’s shirt.
They run out to the helicopter waiting for them on the helipad. Dominic sprints from another wing of the hangar to join them, paramedic bag in hand. The engine roars to life as Greg leaps into the pilot’s seat and fires up the engine. A cloud of snow blurs the air, and the thwack of the chopper blades echo.
A hand suddenly reaches out and clutches his own through the dark.
Horrible images flashed in my mind. That he’d decided he couldn’t go through with it anymore, that the ultrasound photo had pushed him over the edge of body dysmorphia and made him want to do something rash – whatever that could possibly be. That he was somewhere alone and afraid, or angry, or hurting. That he was out chasing some criminal down an alleyway just to prove he still could. I thought I was going to pass out from worry.
Johnny shrugs his shoulders underneath his pullover and crosses his arms over his chest.
His lips quirk up just at the corner. They’re full and pink and just a little bit chapped, wrapping around his cigarette and glistening in the firelight. I remember how the cigarette he handed me in the truck was damp from his mouth, and then I wonder why I’m even remembering.
Sherlock’s chest rises with a deep breath, straining the lycra. It falls. Then rises again. Again and again.
Sherlock’s shoulder brushes against his as they step out into the Village, images of John’s tense face momentarily forgotten. “Honestly, Gregory, I’ve no idea.” His fingertips briefly touch Greg’s wrist. “But I’m quite glad you did whatever it was.”
“You do not have to apologize,” Greg whispers, his thumb tentatively stroking John’s skin, as if John will pull away any moment. “I . . . I should not have kept pressing.”
“You think you are the only one who has not slept? Who has been lying awake at night?”
Greg shrugs, feeling somehow caught out over nothing, and he hopes there isn’t any visible blush spreading across his cheeks. “Like I said,” he says, as casually as he can as he finally folds up the list and sticks it in his back pocket. “
Greg, to his headset: “Echo Sierra One Nine Viva.”
She probably couldn’t imagine in a million years some of the yelling matches they’ve had out on the slopes during a practice. That Greg Lestrade doesn’t let Sherlock Holmes walk all over him without biting back. That Greg actually
I see now that that’s why he didn’t talk to me for near three days straight when we first met. Suddenly I want to tell him something – tell the friend beside me a little piece of my own world to make up for the fact that he was hidin’ terrified of a beating from a soldier all this time we’ve been trapped together up on the mountain.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Honestly, John, a walking bear dressed in a business suit could have walked by you and you wouldn’t even have noticed. I waved at you and everything, but you were—”
“You need a shot of something strong, you. Look like you just saw a ghost.”
“He’d be horrified if he knew how much you’re enjoying this portrait, which he despises,” Sherlock leans over to say.
Interviewer: “I think it will be best if we show it to you.”
Behind us: “Sorry, I . . . Well, this is over, yeah? I’m just going to . . .”
“But a spouse can,” I say.
Sherlock almost moans. He feels John’s words rumble through his skin, settle deep in the pit of his gut, between his legs. He feels a ghostly press of John’s warm lips at the dip in the small of his back. In the crease between his hip and thigh. His skin shivers. It takes him three tries to clear his throat. He absolutely forbids himself to look sideways at John. If he does he won’t be able to stop himself from wrapping his arms around his strong waist and pressing him down into the earth and covering him with his body. Finally he speaks, his voice low and gravely.
Needs to prove to himself that there is something higher at play than waiting on a moonlit beach for John Watson’s arms to come up behind him and hold him together in a ghostly embrace.
I feel his palm on my cheek, steady and cold from the air. It’s like fine silk that’s been sittin’ in a trunk in the attic over winter. Like the way the sleepin’ pad Aguirre done loaned us felt against my face whenever I rolled over and smelled his scent in the tent mixing with the fire embers and sheep’s wool.
I had turned off the telly for the night, walking down the dark hallway still hearing echoes of the newscasters’ voices in my head. A dim light was on in his room, streaming under his door like a shimmering puddle of gold. I would have walked right past and gone up to my room, but then I heard it.
I can’t keep indulging myself with these silly little Visits here. Not when Catherine never got the chance.
, he hasn’t.
Sherlock’s eyes widen quickly in shock, and John laughs. “Well come on I’m not an idiot,” he chuckles. “You hid them in the pocket of my own goddamn pants.”
I feel bold. I’ve felt nothing but bold in his presence. I lift my steady hand to his own face. Feel the smooth skin under my palm. No imperfect roughness. No stubble.
Sherlock tries to breathe. “No, suck
Sherlock hums from the other side of John, still looking out at the waves. “It won’t be a record-breaker but it will hold a clean face for him. Won’t break too soon.”
“Group Captain Watson,” the Corporal breathes. “Truly an honor to meet you, Sir. A privilege to shake your hand.”
Sherlock freezes, his fingers halting over John’s back even as he tries to keep a casually straight face. He tilts his head. “They might.”
The bartender laughs again. “That’s just his sick game, mate.”
John hesitates, considers adding something more romantic for his first text sent as a Gold medalist, then gives up. He tosses his phone to the bench beside him and starts to pull his walking-leg out of his bag, drying off his stump so he can fit it on. A plan starts to form in his mind—he’ll skip the ceremony, call everyone they know, call Greg’s parents if it means he can find him. Would Greg leave town? Leave them both? Leave Sherlock entirely on his own for his Finals? Would they come back to London to cleaned out drawers, an empty peg where his medals had been?
He’s never been more grateful in his life to be completely invisible. He tries to imagine what he would even do if that happened to him in the middle of a race and chokes down a nauseated gasp in his throat, already picturing the slow-motion replays of the skier in the very back suddenly falling into the snow, moaning that it’s too cold. And maybe Sherlock would sprint across the course to reach him, running straight through the race and shoving other skiers out of the way. And the cameras would zoom in on Sherlock Holmes having to kneel down in the wet snow, holding an out of his mind skier up out of the ice in his arms. Pressing that helpless, crying skier against his warm chest and fiercely telling him, “
To his surprise, Sherlock doesn’t jump in and tease him for not completing a sentence. Nor does he scoff and say something along the lines of, “
“Oh,” Greg says. “So John gets the help, but I am on my own?”
— forgetting something?”
“Are you in pain?” I hear her ask. I don’t remember closing my eyes.
John immediately lurches forward to take it from him, nearly toppling over on Greg while trying to juggle the crutch on his arm. “Jesus, don’t just wave around thousands of pounds in the air like that! My heart can’t take it today.”
“You were coming to say hello?” John asks, his face slack and unreadable. “To me?”
I mutter a noise, flinging my glasses back on even though I can see clear as daylight without them. “Just new here, is all,” I say back. The smile feels odd on my face.
Sherlock’s hand is briefly on his elbow, and John blinks out of his thoughts to look at him. The look on Sherlock’s face says everything. The look says,
Sherlock had been struck, then, by the raw loneliness that he hadn’t watched that ceremony by Greg’s side. And something else, something dangerously close to nostalgia, had gripped him right in his throat: this was what it had always been like, before John. Just the two of them, he and Greg, standing in the snow, carefully not touching and speaking in French. The sweet longing Sherlock had suddenly felt for those days had startled and sickened him. It had been a silent agreement between them (never explicitly stated, but very real all the same), that the day John joined them, the French was over; the French was no longer fair. And Sherlock had always seen that as divine providence of their inevitability as a threesome. That they could communicate and compromise and have nothing in their way.
Cut to Holmes in the hangar. He looks to the left of the camera at the interviewer as if she has gone insane. His eyes gaze around the room in a wide sweep, as if searching for an escape. Finally, though, he begins speaking, slowly, as if to a child.
I flip on the gun’s safety and hurl it away across the pavement, ears tingling as the metal clacks and pings against the ground. I hold his face sideways into the ground with my palms, grinding his cheek into the asphalt. I open my dry mouth to say something, then realize I have absolutely no idea what to say at all. No idea why I’ve just tackled this man to the pavement. No clue in hell why I just chased him. My body tenses up and I freeze, guilt churning hot and frantic in my chest.
Something moves out of the corner of his eye, and his breath catches in his chest when he turns to see Johnny Watson walking calmly toward him across the sand, perfectly on time. Sherlock immediately stands up straight and rolls back his shoulders, trying to school the surprise off his face.
She frowns. “But Mr. Holmes --?” She trails off, not knowing exactly what to say.
My muscles feel exhausted. I can’t barely move my eyes away from the top button of his shirt. He grabs the top of my arm real firm and then lets go.
The music swells, and the crowd roars.
. But, Jesus—”
But maybe it was the fact it was Christmas morning, and even though we ain’t had a single present, and no tree, and no lights strung up . . . even though Christmas morning to us is indistinguishable from every other morning, something about it made me want to remember every second. Not let it fade in my mind.
The beach gasps, and John leans to his right to press his shoulder up against Sherlock’s. Don rockets down the face of the wave, spray flying up behind the tail of his board, a black speck against a wall of moving water being hurled back down towards the earth. John can see his legs shaking under the force of the wave from here – the way his board pumps and bobs against the face as it tries to carve in a steady path. The wave starts to break ten feet behind him as he zooms straight down, threatening to crash on top of him and bury him in thirty-feet of solid, rushing water and foam. Hank curses under his breath, one hand covering his mouth, and John almost does the same. Sherlock alone out of everyone on the beach stands calm and unaffected, lips not even pursed.
Chris nods and turns to keep walking away, leaving John and Sherlock alone on the beach that John suddenly feels has never looked so open or so vast. Sherlock takes both of John’s hands gently in his. His voice is soft and low, blending in seamlessly with the steady thrush of the waves at their backs.
And that’s when John Watson drops to his knees in the wet mud of the foaming shallows and feels tears at the back of his eyes. When he witnesses the overwhelming scene before him for the second time in less than a goddamn month. Because he didn’t just embarrass himself, and hundreds of people are currently applauding him completely unaware of the scar hiding just beneath his wetsuit, and he’s moving on to the fucking finals of the Billabong Pipeline Masters.
What an utterly moronic dickhead.
, and a bead of sweat starts to drip down from John’s hairline, his hair freshly cut, handsome ribbons of soft gold.
“You’ve seen what I’m like with Greg in interviews. Did you expect me to keep everyone on the edge of their seats entertained?”
The Austrian right before Sherlock, the eighth skier, stands by the finish line in disappointment, already shaking his head as he waits for his official time to appear on the screen. When it does finally appear, the crowd groans in sympathy, before giving a conciliatory round of applause.
“Your shoulder’s gonna give out on you unless you stretch it out,” he says as he walks by John’s side. “Got some food in an ice chest in the Jeep – if you eat now and stretch some you’ll have enough time to get back down and watch the water for a while before you’re up.”
Sam breathes a curse under his breath as he rushes forward to help Watson clear the edge and unclasp his ropes. Holmes’ eyes are closed, but his chest is still rising and falling with deep breaths.
“More than anything.”
“Two minutes and eighteen seconds,” Greg supplies.
John clears his throat and turns his eyes back to the road, fingers tightening on the gearshift.
And it’s only once Sherlock finally feels the sigh against his chest, and the answering one along his spine, that he realizes the answer to it all in one final, brilliant burst.
John’s answer falls effortlessly from his lips. “Yes.”
“It was one fucking wave! Wasn’t it you who said, and I fucking quote, ‘John, you deserve all the attention. I’m sorry I didn’t realize earlier that no one was talking to you.’”
It works. Greg breaks out in a laugh, then starts to lead the way back to the van, not once looking back at the mountain as they walk.
Sherlock dips his chin, slides his goggles back over his eyes, and glides away.
I guess I’m dwelling on it so much because it was the first night that we both took a complete and whole pleasure out of what was happening to Sherlock’s body. There was no hesitation, or shame, or restraint. No hiding. There’ve been many nights, and I’m sure there will be many more, where Sherlock prefers I don’t touch him there, or feel the way his chest is slowly trying to grow back into breasts. I’d do anything for him, and so as much as I want to run my hands over that gorgeous curve of skin I stay far away from it. Instead I lick into his arse with my tongue, or suck his small cock into my mouth, or, more rarely, throw back my head as he enters me. I know he needs those nights – those nights where his growing, soft body doesn’t exist, and he is once again the strong, lithe, muscular man he’s known himself to be for his entire life.
“John is . . . he’s with me. He lives with me.”
“That’s because you’re you!”
John huffs and shoves him forward. “You’re impossible,” he says. “Swear to god I’m gonna get some weird eye deformity from rolling my eyes at you every five minutes. Now stop being a dick and ruining the moment and help me clean up.”
Interviewer: “Do you think you would have met again, if not for that rescue?”
Emotion rises up and lodges in his throat as he bends to unclip his skis, briefly hiding his face from the crowd. He keeps catching glimpses of himself on the giant screen, and cameras swarm around him like a sea of black eyes staring straight through his suit to his skin. He carefully steps out of his left ski, then gratefully takes his gear bag from the young teenage kid who’d volunteered to be a course assistant, who gives John the widest smile he’s ever seen in his life and says, “Congratulations, sir! Your materials, sir!”
Watson, laughing: “Invasion of privacy my arse. You just wanted them to think it was something cool –”
John blinks, and the world explodes back into noise and rhythm and focus, and he belatedly realizes that the skier before him has just taken off, soaring into the snow in a blur of skis and poles and the Russian flag.
John sighs through his nose and shakes his head. “Yeah, well, he was being
John rolls his eyes and gives Sherlock’s fingers a final squeeze before walking away, blazing the image of Sherlock’s soft, warm smirk into his memory.
“And watch out for that rip current if your heat ends up starting after 9:30, it’ll make dropping in on any waves that are angled southwest impossible and you’ll get sucked backward into the bottom of the pipeline.”
“John.”
“Indeed, we have worked well together,” Greg says. “But perhaps having the secret is not so comforting anymore, no? You deserve more than that from me. As you have now with John.”
Received:
Greg huffs, warmth thrumming through his body even as he tries to look annoyed. He settles into a squat. Sees Sherlock pull up his bandana and do the same. John plants his poles.
John and Greg are both naked, which Sherlock wouldn’t think was necessarily odd for the end of the day if the two of them weren’t just standing there, facing mostly away from him towards the closed blinds. Sherlock squints through the darkness of the room, illuminated only by the sliver of light seeping out from under the bathroom door and the faint glow of the Village lights still on outside. Greg is holding John from behind, his arms wrapped around his chest, and neither of them say anything as Greg buries his face in John’s neck. Sherlock tries to make out what John is doing around the lines of Greg’s body, trying to trace the hints of his arms, the tip of his head over Greg’s shoulder, his elbow—
Or maybe,
Ah, here he comes storming up the stairs. I can already smell the formaldehyde that seeped into his coat. Tonight calls for a long hot shower, spreading trails of soap bubbles over each other’s shoulder blades, and the sweet cocoon of
“Obviously not. But that’s what
My body responds immediately – the last thing I ever would have expected myself to do. Somehow, for some reason, I nod.
“Big difference, you find, between French and British air?” Rick smirks.
Greg pants as he hovers over John’s body, and John’s hand lies frozen in his own, and the mattress doesn’t make a squeak.
Patrick: “And, yes. As I have said, every call is serious. We are all aware of that, as the team. But the families? They do not need to be aware of that. They are trying to have answers, to make sure the person will be okay. That is why it is always good to have the person talking to them, yes? To say, ‘yes, we are trained, we are working on the patient.’ Because you cannot guarantee everything will be alright, but you can calm them.”
Holmes’ voice: “Yes, well I knew you’d never shut up about it unless I answered. It was a losing battle.”
(the above should be: je vous aimes tous les deux - poor John's French skills are a bit lacking)
Sherlock pulls at his curls. “I’m not trying to start a pointless argument. I’m trying to remind you that
Scotty smiles over at him quickly, the expression a little stiff on his face, then turns back to the uneven road to focus. John can feel that something is off between them. Too wired and tense and frantic. It dawns on him as Scotty navigates them through the narrow dirt roads that he knows more about Scotty Holmes right now than he ever has by a landslide. That Scotty’s lobbing the answers to his unvoiced questions right back at him one after the other. And yet in the same moment he feels the air between them like a cold, endless draft. The little pulse, the little flicker, is gone. They’re both trying too hard. The problem is John doesn’t know what he’s even trying for in the first place. To be buds? Rivals again? The life saver and the life savee? Two people who happen to surf together? Casual strangers?
There aren’t millions of people watching him on televisions across the world, and there aren’t thousands of people at his back, or announcers calling his every move. There aren’t cameras pointed at his face, his hands, his suit, his gun, his skis. At his leg.
“It doesn’t make any logical sense! The Closing Ceremony mashed with your Opening? Half the events overlapping? Building two versions of half the courses at once? A Village nearly twice as large as it needed to be? Everything was absolutely reasonable before and now they’ve gone and jumbled it all up in some misguided attempt at global athletic
I whip my hand away like I’ve been burned and gasp. I can feel Scott’s spine go hard as steel against me, his breathing barely moving his ribs against mine. It’s dead silent in the tent. I can hear an owl cry out in the woods, and the hissing wind rustle through the firs. My mouth waters. My body’s shaking, and my muscles feel hot as coals. I’m terrified in the dark. My stomach roils like I’m fixin’ to vomit, but my fingers twitch to get their hold back on the warm, gentle body laying against mine.
John blinks. He hadn’t even registered skiers two through four run down the slope. Hadn’t noticed the cheers or the announcements or the times. Not even the applause.
“Hang ten on a wave like that without getting your ass kicked next week and you’ll be looking at a nice pocket of cash courtesy of the ISF.”
They’ll be talking about the fall, about rumors, about Sochi. That his coach’s twenty-year run of French dominance in the Super-G might be about to be tarnished by the turncoat Brit, the unwanted never-darling about to throw away the wasted coaching and guidance of the world’s most beloved skier. The man they all wish was about to fly down the mountainside for France instead, dazzling them all with his smile of perfect white teeth and his accent filled with pride when he accepts a fifth gold.
Interviewer, a bit in awe: “You saved their life – the life of one of your friends.”
He kisses his wife on the lips, then the top of her head, before he scoops up his bag from the floor and zips up his puffy uniform jacket. His family watches the door shut behind him as he leaves.
Christ, but it’s getting a bit hard to breathe deeply. And there’s water in his eyes. And the trumpets of
He looks beautiful.
I have you to thank for that.”
Greg pinches his nose.
“Well that’s because Molly’s too nice to make fun of you for growing a fucking beard like some hermit living in a cave. I mean, shit, do you eat grasshoppers now and only bathe once a year?”
“John?” I hear. Her palm is so soft. “John,” she says again. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
John knows that if he reaches out and touches Sherlock it will feel like an electric shock, a heated pulse of aching need that would surge through his body from his fingertips. He keeps his arms tight against his own body, cramped in the tiny space between their warm, naked skin.
, and not John, before Sherlock opens his mouth:
They look at each other, and John feels the air around them soften, and he knows that it’s now or never.
And I know, because I asked him—neither does he.
, I forgot that you were the champion of everything.”
Then, like an explosion of color and sound, the screen shifts, and the medalists’ names and national flags are projected in huge shining letters, one by one.
He freezes. John doesn’t see his bedside clock. Instead he sees a sleeping face just inches from his, dusting of freckles clear and vivid in the pale, grey air, half-covered by a mop of frizzy curls. The memory of the last few days crashes down on him with the slapping force of a crisp, thick wave. He stares dumbfounded at Sherlock’s sleeping form beside him, stretched out on his stomach with one arm curled up over his head and the other one lying gently in the small space between their bodies, tattoo rising and falling with the pulse of his breathing, sheet bunched in a tangle around his waist.
She looks back at Sherlock with watering eyes and her hands hanging helplessly at her sides. Sherlock takes one hesitant step forward, toes sinking blindly into the sand.
John hums, and Sherlock holds his tired muscles in his arms, willing his racing heartbeat against John’s back not to give his emotions away.
” face and waves them along.
He looks down dumbly at his bare toes clutching the ugly carpet, running through the last three minutes to see if he’d had a brilliant idea while he was distracted—one that his body started to enact without his conscious knowledge.
“Thank you for coming,” Sherlock says formally. John has the sudden sensation that Greg and Molly are his parents, and Sherlock’s his school principal inviting them down for a formal meeting. The thought makes him want to laugh, then he notices again the look that Greg and Sherlock share, feeling like he’s missing something important.
His hand, when he takes Greg’s in his, is unbearably, startlingly soft.
“Sherlock…?”
John pulls back, chest feeling open and light, and takes in the breathless sight of Sherlock Holmes glowing in the light of the glittering afternoon sun. The crisp white of his button-down shirt shimmers radiantly, and John can just barely see the faint colors of the tattoo spilling across his shoulder peeking through the fabric made transparent by the sunlight. The shirt hugs the lean lines of his chest and stomach, tucked into khaki’s that cling to his hips and drape across his thighs. John takes him in, eyes roving slowly from his bare feet in the sand up to his eyes like the sea, and he feels emotion overtaking the back of his throat for the innumerable time that day. John smooths down the front of Sherlock’s shirt with his hands, fixing up his open collar before gliding his hands down his chest, stopping to rest just over Sherlock’s heart. Sherlock smiles down at him, eyes slightly wet.
“I don’t know what to say,” he finally gets out.
Anyway, last night:
Just when Greg realizes he can’t take another step without grunting in discomfort, he pulls up and stops without warning. He gets no light-hearted enjoyment out of the ensuing scuffle behind him as John and Sherlock both try to stop in time before colliding. When he finally turns around, they’re standing in a small circle, seemingly alone in some sort of Siberian wasteland, nothing but blinding white, and fogging clouds of breath, and the French and British flags. And two pairs of blue eyes.
. Sees the way his face was threatening to break out in fear waiting for John to surface on the ocean. He thinks of that moment – bobbing in the water and gulping down air and realizing that he absolutely
Holmes, softly: “Thank you.”
Holmes: “Closest thing I can get to a smoke break around here.”
Scotty Holmes is jogging through the thick crowd down towards the shoreline, holding a board over his head that John knows immediately is stolen (“
I rub my palm on my own jeans. They sag off my legs like empty space. I hold out my hand to him, even though he’s looking straight down the road to the sun backed mountains. Towards Baker.
Sherlock looks back at him with glittering eyes, barely holding back the smile from his lips. “Of course I’m serious. Our flight’s around the same time as Greg and Molly’s the day after tomorrow. We can ride with them to the airport.”
“You’re here,” John says, stupidly, when he steps up to the railing. Greg rushes to him, while Sherlock calmly stands and follows, slowly pulling the sunglasses off his face.
“You’re a beautiful thing,” I whispered, shocked I even let something like that pass through my lips.
In five seconds, it will turn green.
We’ll both run towards him, I think to myself. We’ll corner him from either side and he’ll have no choice but to throw up his hands and surrender, straight out of a cheesy film they used to play on television at two a.m. One where the dirty cop calls the bad guy “kid.”
By now the television announcers will be babbling along, idiotically reminding the crowd that it’s the Super-G finals (
He only gets about forty-five seconds away from them all when he hears graceful jogging behind him—infuriatingly smooth on the pavement covered with slick ice and snow.
“I can get around the key card system, obviously. Presumably Greg is the only one of us who will have a room to himself, part of his coach’s status, so the two of you will have to work it out amongst yourselves how to get John down there on the nights you want to have sex—”
The paramedic on his knees pulls his hand back from the side of the patient’s neck. When he looks up, we see it’s Watson. He glances at his two teammates with a plain look on his face.
A roar eats away inside me with a blinding snarl. I’m on top of him before I even know how I got there, tackling him to the ground in a crash. He grunts underneath me. Yells. I roll over on top of him and pin him to the ground, wrenching the gun from his grasp. My body moves on automatic pilot. Motions that I only ever do now in my dreams flow out of my legs and arms like smooth honey. No hesitation.
He swallows hard, and an odd look passes over his face. “That’s only if your pain monitor is turned up all the way. They do it for you automatically when you Visit. You should be fine.”
Sherlock shuffles his feet in his flip flops for another fifteen minutes by the car, perfectly imagining every step John must be going through down at the competition. He can see the beach clearly in his mind – the crowds lounging across the already blazing hot shore, the canopies of palm leaves, the sea of surfboards all stacked and standing in the sand, waiting to be waxed, the cliques of surfers from all over the world standing in huddles with their beards and their long hair and their girlfriends hanging at their sides.
Because this Time is before the War.
“He’s picking me up in half an hour,” she says after a minute. “Can you come and wish me luck before I go?”
But I saw all at once it hadn’t been harmless at all. That I had destroyed him, wrecked and ruined him. Left your brave, beautiful granddaddy a complete shell of the man I’d known.
The soothing sea rushes against his ears in a frothing whisper, gently pulling John from his dreams until his eyelids blink slowly into the thin, grey light. He can hear Sherlock’s deep and even breathing beside him, blowing against the curls covering his face. He’s sleeping like the dead on his stomach with his arms thrown up over his head like he looks every morning – painted in rested gold twinkling off the tips of the hairs on his bare arms and back.
. Like there’s something in John’s swollen, wet eyes that’s pleasant for him to see. John sniffs and wipes his face one last time before breathing out the last bit of tension from his chest. He waits for the moment to feel uncomfortable. It doesn’t.
The moment turns lonely and cold after I speak, opening up beneath me like a bottomless, dark sea. My Nurse Harris feels it too, and I want to sigh with relief when she clears her throat, chasing away the doom in the air. “We’ll just have to see how you’re feeling on Saturday,” she says. “You can decide on your last Visit then.”
“Don’t understand what?” he interrupts, voice desperate. He turns towards me, and his eyes are blazing. He drops the blanket from his shoulders into the sand, and the hurt rolls off his body so thickly I think I’ll drown. Gone is the hopeful little smile on his lips.
He’s still tongue-tied when they exit the stuffy room and are hit with the sun’s reflection off the snow. Sherlock pulls out his phone, fiddles with it, then slips it back into his pocket just as Greg takes a deep breath.
Holmes: “Fine, you’re forgiven, all that drivel. To answer your question, I feel as though I was hit by a truck on a motorway seven days ago, rather than trapped in some ice, and everyone has offered to make me my tea this week, endless babbling, but I’ve refused nearly all offers because none of them know how to make it properly and it tastes like a cup of fancy dirt water. And both Greg
“Listen, that’s irrelevant,” Sherlock cuts him off. He places his hands on John’s shoulders, then quickly glances back at the beach to ensure no one has noticed them. His voice when he speaks is smooth and alive, rushing over John’s entire body like a steady, soothing breeze.
I place the letter down on the pile of Sherlock’s correspondence on the kitchen table. There’s dirt smudged on it from my hand.
“Love,” Greg barely whispers. He shifts closer to him in their seats. “
Seconds pass. The camera stays fixated on John and Kuznetsov standing blankly next to each other in the snow, both still in their skis, gasping for breath and rest and water but not daring to tear their eyes away from the screen, their fate projected in the sky.
” the other will nervously laugh.
on the ice, and alternatively switching between English and French practically every other word just to fluster Greg on purpose.
“I wanted you.”
But then, bursting through the desperate fog of John’s thoughts, like a ray of sun piercing through the thick, grey clouds, the crowd gasps.
that happens when I curl up into the curve of his body, skin to skin, and fall asleep to the beat of his heart caressing my back.
” He watches John give Greg the look back that means, “
The hair on the back of Sherlock’s neck starts to rise. He tries not to blink, tries not to breathe, and he watches from the shadows as the two of them stand in the dark, silent and still in the epicenter of the entire buzzing Olympics.
“It’s Sherlock Holmes.”
“Pleasant day for a drive, don’t you think?” he calls back. I stare at him speechless and laugh. Leave my glasses sitting inside and throw on the aviators instead. He ruffles through my hair with his hand when I reach him. I can barely contain myself in the presence of his light – in the energy pouring off of him and swirling around to consume me.
John turns, startled, as a familiar body accompanies the familiar voice, bear hugging him without warning and causing him to drop his bag.
“You make me out to be some sort of untrained child,” Sherlock finally grumbles, pushing his food around with his fork.
“I suppose Molly told you everything, then,” he says. He looks like he’s waiting for a punch or a scolding or a slap in the face or all three. He looks like he’s waiting to be alone.
I can’t tell whether the stranger is years younger or years older. I still don’t know his name. His back is fluid in the saddle, like a stalk of wheat connected to the soil. Like dust that knows exactly where to fall. The sheep move around us like a white cloud, twisting like knuckles in a bar fight and making everything quiet.
Sherlock briefly considers hanging up. Now that the initial anger has started to drain from his limbs, he feels nothing but a self-disgust so sickening he wants his skin to turn to goo and melt into the carpet, permanently ruining it beyond what any cleaning agent could repair. He wants to turn his own body inside out. He wants to clench and clench and clench his toes until Greg and John share a fondly exasperated look over the dinner table—the look which Sherlock used to hate, but more recently has filled him with such love, that he is so cared for, so looked after, so—
Sherlock blinks slowly. There’s no way he’s hearing this correctly. Absolutely no way on earth that Johnny wants to spend even thirty more seconds in his company. He’s already far outlasted anyone else Sherlock’s ever come into contact with besides his own damn family. Surely that’s enough of a victory for him. Now Johnny can cross ‘try to befriend the enemy Scotty Holmes even though he tried to molest me’ off his bucket list and go back to his normal friends and surf with people who aren’t eternally damned to Hell.
“You’re a real fucking creep, you know that?”
. This morning he was . . . actually he was calm. Too calm.
.” He’d held him, pressed him up against the lockers. Stroked his scars. Touched his leg with his bare hands. Felt the knee-joint click into place. He’d kissed the metal.
When I meet up with Sherlock a month later he can tell instantly something happened. He holds me up against him when I step outta my truck at the campsite and keeps his hand on the back of my neck for a very long time whispering, “little darlin’, little darlin’ I’ve got you.”
John rubs the back of his neck. “Shit, I didn’t realize – we could take you out somewhere tonight? Or I’m not sure if we have anything to cook –”
She would bite at her tongue. “Let’s choose one to bring home for mum,” she would say.
“You two been correspondin’ all this time?” she asks, voice wary. “Thought you hadn’t seen each other since you cowboy’d together after he got back from ‘Nam, least that’s what John’s been tellin’ me.”
He holds up a hand just as Sherlock barges down the stairs with crashing thuds, shirt half-unbuttoned, curls in a complete riot, and the prosthesis gripped in his hand raised up over his head.
“Do you ever fucking stop?”
John thrusts into Sherlock’s fist, eyes closed and seeing his own cock sink deeper into Sherlock’s body again and again in his mind, disappearing between the curves of his ass to the wet, frantic sound of skin on skin. He grips at a handful of Sherlock’s hair with the hand reaching behind to his neck, feels Sherlock’s ragged breaths shaking against his cheek. The aching hot steel of Sherlock’s penis rutting against his back, thrusting through the waves.
Sherlock opens his mouth to protest, but Greg lifts up a finger. “Ah,
“Same Time as usual, Dr. Watson?” the nurse asks, thin fingers already reaching for the Device with the other hand steadying my cheek.
Suddenly the battlefield is gone, replaced with the neon bright city zooming past my eyes, shocked people running for safety to the pavements, blending into a sea of colors and glitter and hair.
“Shit, Johnny,” Greg whispers.
He hauls one leg over the motorbike, revving the engine with his heels. He stares straight through my soul, leaving me breathless.
“I didn’t cancel it, for god’s sake, I paid them to hold on to it and keep your stuff together until today.”
Scotty Holmes is no fucking kid.
The countdown reaches ten seconds, and the roar of the crowd vibrates through their seats.
Greg, in English: “Christ, the two of you. Copy.”
“You won,” Greg whispers again.
“Are you happy, daddy?” she asks. Her voice is so soft, like she sees I’m standing there ready to die of shame and fear, and so she cloaked her words in velvet.
Tu me demandes à moi ?    :   You're asking me for advice?
Robbie chuckles at Sam’s laughter and crosses his arms, mumbling a curse of disbelief in agreement.
zut alors : dammit (roughly)
Dom drops his shovel and immediately calls up to Sam to help raise him back to the surface. We stay zoomed in on Watson’s hands brushing the last bits of snow away from Holmes’ face, cradling the back of his neck as best as he can below the helmet. Shockingly, the go-pro is still perfectly attached to the front.
Watson, down at his hands: “I don’t . . . Honestly, I don’t think I could ever watch that. That bit.”
“I’d be most interested to find out where you plan to find the funding for such a production, considering this is probably the first time in history a Paralympic Final has ever sold out.”
John shakes his head as they start to drive down the dark streets, navigating through the traffic around the rink where the Para Ice Hockey Finals are taking place. He closes his eyes and sits back, letting the wind rustle his hair, the cool air soothing his sore muscles.
“Oh! He can blink,” Nurse Hooper suddenly whispers beside me. “You know, once for yes, twice for no,” she adds. She’s very nervous. I feel a hand on my shoulder that I know is my nurse, squeezing to give me some courage. Then they’re gone.
The camera catches an odd look on Watson’s face, visible behind his headset, before he reaches up to put his sunglasses on. Then, he smirks.
The truth wins. “I knew I had . . . plans for the morning. Didn’t want us to be late if we didn’t already have your stuff packed for the day.”
John laughs, frantic and desperate. “Why is this more terrifying than stepping off the fucking boat with a gun in my hands? It doesn’t make any fucking sense --”
I want to smile thinkin’ that Sherlock kept a lot more than just addresses in his head, but the movement feels wrong on my lips. Like poison. I take a deep breath.
“Th-thanks. Thank you.”
Holmes: “You mean my near death caught on camera?”
John smirks and glances down at Sherlock’s groin hidden under the sheet. “It sure seemed like a siren’s call to you last night.”
I nod. “They were all scared of me – the nurses. But my main nurse understood.” I lean forward against his chest. “She told me right before I left that she gave me a whole twelve hours.”
“I have a job! I have . . . I have –”
It had taken all of John’s emotional energy to finally muster up a vague answer of, “Nah. Just an old friend.”
, Greg would do anything for this man. He would stand tall in front of thousands of cameras, never touch a pair of skis again, take off his Team France jacket forever if it meant Sherlock was happy, smiling like he did for those precious seconds during the Parade of Nations, brimming and young as he waved to them up in the stands.
I kiss back fiercely. Cling to the fabric covering his chest and push into his mouth and groan at the electric brush of his wet, smooth skin against mine. Suddenly I’m the person I’ve always wanted to be and never have been: someone daring.
Greg laughs. “John, that was all you could come up with? Normally you are more creative.”
“I remember she fell. My dad screamed at me and Mikey to get her back home and he stormed off. But Mikey followed him, and everyone else just stood there staring. So I had to try and help her up by myself. And as I was trying to help her up she just kept telling me she was ok and that I should go and play with my friends. Except I didn’t have a single goddamn friend there.”
He rolls onto his back to kick his off in a frenzy and then pulls me on top of him. I feel every inch of his warm, hard body pressed against mine. The hair on his thighs, the muscles in his chest, the scars along his forearms and the little flecks of dirt and straw hidden in his curls. I need to let it out, this bursting firework raisin’ hot and fast inside me, and he lets me grab him by the shoulders and shove him down hard into the mattress with a grunt. I feel his calloused fingers knead into my ass and he slaps me till I’m stinging and writhing on the firm strength of his body.
We stay on Sam rubbing his hands together for another moment before we jump ahead in time, with everyone back in the chopper, and Patrick holding the patient’s wrist steady as the helicopter sways in the mildly turbulent air. Watson gulps down some water while Sam casually flies them back to the base.
But then he sees John’s face in his mind, the broken, shattered, desperate way he’d stood there naked and trembling in Sherlock’s home, right before rushing to his side to hold him together with his bare hands. And he knows he can’t lie to himself and say that he’s the only one affected. That he’s the only one who wanted John to stay.
“Sherlock,
I’m nearly to the door now. Nearly there to catch him before he slams it shut in my face.
John breathes in hard and fast. “Swear to god, Holmes, you watch yourself. You have no idea.”
“If he finds out . . .”
“Your hands are freezing,” Greg finally says, swallowing hard to get his voice to work. He looks over at Sherlock, and Sherlock catches the silent plea to help him with the ice.
C’est pas ce que je voulais.    :   That's not what I meant / That wasn't my intention.
Sherlock frowns, but doesn’t move to stop him. “Alright.”
He looks over at me, and I want to look away. “Hard to meet a wife when you go months out on a job without seeing a woman,” he says.
Greg finally shrugs, not looking at him. He
“When did you even pack this food? I was with you the whole morning.”
Then Greg collapses in John’s arms, smearing the semen across their bellies, and he gives one of his best groans to date.
I watch him play for a long time, peeking up under the brim of my hat. Once the last glowing embers fade away into the dollop of clean mountain air surrounding us, Scott stands up and brushes the dirt of his legs, stokes the fire back up into a steady crackle, and walks slowly into the tent, leaving the door half zipped behind him. I desperately want to turn my head to look, but I force myself to stare at the swirl of creamy orange flames licking up into the dark sky. I can hear him slipping off his wool jacket, undoing each of the buttons on his shirt, pushing the boots off his feet and reaching out to crack his toes. I can see it all in my mind, but I won’t be caught dead looking.
My mouth responds before my brain can decide what to say. My voice is rushed and urgent. “The pier.”
The thought of even lookin’ Kurt in the eye fills me with a wild, hidden fear. I wonder if Alma can see, if she could sense, if she somehow knew.
“And . . .” he starts, awkwardly holding out a hand, “And, I really must thank you for your help. It’s so nice to meet you, Ms.—?”
I take in the thin, white hospital gown covering his frame under the sheets. “I’m a bit miffed you didn’t get dressed up for me as well,” I tease. I reach up and place my hand right over his chest, then move to run my fingers through his short, frail hair.
Some Stones songs that just barely didn’t make the cut for chapter titles, in case you want to keep listening:
Sherlock groans and shoves his face farther into the pillow. John chuckles under his breath at the sight, and suddenly Sherlock bolts his head up, staring blearily in John’s direction with fast blinking eyes.
Greg rolls his eyes and curses from the living room as he finishes re-inventorying their gear bags for the fifth time, sweating that he’s going to somehow forget every pair of skis, or half their poles, or their clothes, or every one of John’s carefully labelled boxes of ammunition. He grips the wrinkled, water-damaged, laminated page in his hand where he’d finally written out his full gear checklist two Olympics ago, pretending not to be at all bothered by the fact that none of the gear on the list is going in a bag for him.
Sherlock rips his mouth away from John’s, takes a breath, and starts to run.
Sherlock doesn’t even look up when John finally opens the left-unlocked door to Room 502. He’s sprawled out across his bed with his legs half up the wall, wearing only a pair of ridiculously tight black briefs and the thin blue dressing gown John hadn’t realized he’d brought from home. John breathes in a deep whiff of Sherlock’s soap in the air, closing his eyes as the familiar scent surrounds his skin.
Sherlock grins to himself in the shower as he thinks how that has to be his most ingenious get-me-out-of-this-conversation-forever trick to date.
Greg clears his throat, and his gaze flickers to Sherlock, already hunched back over the iPad pretending to research the course even as an odd blush spreads up the back of his neck. Greg would find it endearing, would tease him and pinch one of his cheeks, if only Greg didn’t damn well know that Sherlock’s blush has everything to do with the fact that neither of them had even stayed hard those two times—neither of which had even happened anywhere near a bed.
“Fuck yes,” John moans, breathless through the fog. “God, swallow me down. Just like that.
I can hear Hintley gaining on us. Hear the roar of his engine slowly overtaking ours. Feel one more bullet whiz dangerously close to my head, singing the tips of the hairs on my left side.
-Shane Hamilton is in honor of Bethany Hamilton. At age 13 she was surfing in Kauai when a shark attacked her and bit off her left arm right up to the shoulder. She survived, and made an amazing recovery, and continued professional surfing with one arm like a BADASS. She still competes professionally. There was a 2011 movie about her called "Soul Surfer." While she's portrayed by an actress, all the one-armed surfing in the movie is actually done by Bethany.
Briefly, he lifts a finger to touch the hint of metal chain peaking up above his collar. He stares off at the distant peak, and we cut to a zoomed-in shot of his face as the background music swells. His eyes are deep blue.
Greg holds his breath, frozen to the screen. In the silence, Sherlock’s foot presses up against his own, and doesn’t move away.
He leaps around and comes face to face with a furious John Watson. He opens his mouth to answer but no sound comes out.
And the air had turned thick and tense when John shrugged his shoulder and said, “Yeah, I was shot.”
John does
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Don’t say shit like that you don’t even believe, John. It’s tedious.”
Greg immediately steps back and holds up his hands in surrender. The nearly-warm-again air in the room turns to ice. Sherlock freezes halfway to the kitchen mid-stride.
John clears his throat in the silence and nods. “Yes.”
I pause, and I run my thumb along his full lower lip. “Be in me,” I say to him.
Tout ira bien pour toi.  :  Everything will be alright for you.
je t’ai entendu : I heard you
Someone’s already there waiting outside the trailer when I walk up the cool gravel. He’s leanin’ against his own white truck with one leg bent back and his booted foot against the shining clean door, a dark felt hat brim covering half his face in grey shadow. I can see his breath fog in the cold like cigarette smoke. Son of a bitch is half a head taller than me – I can tell from clear across the lot. Makes me want to puff up my chest and walk taller in my boots until I remember that that’s the way the Generals walked through the jungles in ‘Nam and oftentimes that made them the first to get shot through the head.
I see Catherine, lying in a heap in the road. I see
Suddenly, out of nowhere, an odd spasm moves across Watson’s face. He breathes harshly out his nose, and his hands clench into fists between his legs. His brief composure from before is gone.
Holmes: “Look, are we quite finished here? There’s to be a distress call coming in in approximately twenty-five seconds, one which they’ll want me for, and I’d prefer already to be on my way to the helicopter when it comes.”
Sherlock feels a smug grin threatening at the corner of his mouth. He wants to turn to the random surfers lounging near him and say “You know why Watson’s doing so well? It’s because I gave him a good luck blow this morning.” The thought alone makes him have to force down a chuckle in his chest. He feels lighter than air, like his body will simply float away on the wind rushing across the shore from over the tops of the thick green mountains at their backs.
Sherlock squints his eyes and mutters, “You’re not sitting. You’re lying down,” just as John cups Greg’s face in his hand, and gazes at him with warm eyes, and whispers, “Yes. I realize.” The kiss John gives him is so soft, so melting and wet, that Greg has a momentary sadness for all the people on earth who die without being kissed like that. Without being kissed like that by John Watson.
And he did.
Sherlock irritatingly hums.
“It’s not . . . it wasn’t meant to be—”
John swallows hard. Neither of them add anything more.
-In case you don't know already, you need to know before you read that the Paralympics is usually held about a month *after* the Olympics as a completely separate event. As you might (unfortunately) expect, it's not nearly as attended or televised, and the host country often has to build separate courses, facilities (both depending on the sport) and accommodations for Paralympians. There is also an enormous funding gap between the two, for both the event itself and for the athletes (in terms of gear, coaching, sponsorships, etc.). You'll see the big changes I've made to this existing system in the chapter below.
John laughs, eyes blown wide. “God, you’re insane,” he whispers. He plants one hand on the wall in front of him and grips Sherlock’s hair with the other, then slowly rocks his hips, driving his cock again and again between Sherlock’s wet and open lips. Straight down his throat.
.” He looks to John, who looks like he’s been trying to fade back into the snow, in that way he’s always done. But Greg cannot lose him. Not now. This is the whole point. He needs them both to hear. Greg shuffles closer. “Listen. I have never told you, either of you, what exactly my parents have said to me. Before they left.”
Greg runs a hand over his face and groans, and he hears John take in a carefully controlled breath next to him.
My nurse looks frazzled and worried. Her hand is clasping mine. There are tubes everywhere – more tubes than I’ve ever seen in my life. And more beeping. I realize that her hair is still down around her shoulders, and her white nurse’s uniform is black and made of lace.
When he turns back to us, though, the smile quickly falls away.
I kiss a tiny freckle in the hollow of his throat.
Dave’s burger shack has a line almost down the whole length of the pier. John dodges skateboarders and families, fishermen and groups of bikini clad girls as he makes his way barefoot down the rough wooden planks, seeking out a bathroom or a lemonade or whichever comes first. A girl with waist length straight brown hair and a bikini top with cut off jeans roller skates past him and shoots him a knowing look and a wink, popping her lips around her bubblegum. For a fleeting moment John imagines if Greg looked at him that way, all sultry desire and radiating flirtatious confidence, and now he needs to find a cold drink to get rid of the warm flush on his sunburned cheeks. A Beach Boys song from back before John even got drafted blares from a little ice cream stand he passes in search of a soda, and John feels a sudden pang of nostalgia in the pit of his chest for the times he would hop in Billy Murray’s dad’s Buick and race down along Pacific Coast Highway with an ice chest of beers in the trunk and nowhere to be but the sand.
Greg pulls back quickly, starting for the door, trying not to wince at the burst of cool air against his front without Sherlock’s warmth. “
Down.
Greg bends to pick up John’s shirt, taking a few seconds longer than necessary. When he stands again, his eyes are back to normal, almost too normal. The fear is gone from his face, carefully covered over by blankness, strength, the same stare Greg sometimes gets on his face whenever anyone brings up his parents.
Well, rolling is more like it. Rocking. Soft squeaks.
“I have to,” John chokes out again. Sherlock nods while he gulps down shaking breaths, trembling and hot under John’s hands. John grips Sherlock’s cheek in his palm and lifts his face towards him, pulling him into a fierce, desperate kiss. Sherlock moans under the force of his lips, hands immediately going for John’s chest as he straightens his shaking legs to stand..
And he had thought of Greg.
Just once.
The whistle finally blows for lunch and the entire dock lets out a collective groan of relief. John wastes no time booking it over to his water bottle in a tiny block of shade against a fence, ripping off his work shirt so that the breeze can cool his skin through his sweat soaked undershirt. His work boots feel worn and heavy on his feet, and the thick leather gloves covering his hands get quickly torn off and thrown to the ground. Finally he removes his hard hat and swipes a hand through dripping hair, shivering as rivulets of sweat drip down the back and sides of his neck.
I guess I should probably talk about the present now, since that’s the whole point of this ruddy journal. Maybe future-John is trying to remember how we went from crying on the floor to deciding to keep the baby, since I’ll admit that seems like an awfully big stretch. Perhaps after our future son or daughter has done something particularly infuriating, like ride a motorbike without a helmet (my infuriating action), or take up a religion (Sherlock’s infuriating action), I’ll be wondering in a fit of parental grump why we ever even went through with this damned idea.
“Sonya Westley,” she declares, sticking out her gloved hand in expensive, fitted leather.
The man from the pier.
Instead it was far, far too quiet along the coast, where they hunkered down in the quiet camo dinghy with guns drawn and pointed at the lifeless shore. Far, far too empty at the stretch of beach where the Army men were supposed to signal them down and meet them. Far, far too still.
-As I said, I've taken a ton of liberties with how I portrayed this competition. Probably wouldn't have been beach-side, microphone enabled announcers at that time, probably wouldn't have been quite as insane of a crowd as I've described / will describe on Day 2. Also, in a major competition, John would need to win more heats on Day 1 than just his Wild Card round, but for simplicity I've let him move straight on to Day 2.
Holmes, in German: “Blame the damn fog.”
The enthusiasm that had been emanating from his body all afternoon is gone, and Sherlock opens his mouth to ask what’s wrong when John suddenly drops his board into the dirt and rushes forward to throw himself into Sherlock’s arms with a sigh. Sherlock quickly wraps John in his arms as John leans like a dead weight into his body, letting Sherlock cup the back of his head to hold him.
Interviewer: “And you travel all throughout the world, not just the Alps?”
“She had your eyes,” I say to my nurse.
“Christ, you . . .” John whispers. His cold fingertips trace Sherlock’s jaw. “Look at you.”
. And all for this: to be here the day before Sherlock’s biggest challenge, standing helpless in the snow. Wondering who is more sorry. Who has changed the most. Who has stayed the same.
“Good thing they already filmed your piece, then,
A decade ago, if someone woulda told me I would write something all flowery like that, Christ. I woulda spat at their feet. Woulda used some language far too creative for your ears, although I guess you ain’t a child anymore. That much is clear.
Watson frowns, glancing quickly at the hangar to scan what’s inside, then shrugs his shoulders and nods. We walk away, and he follows.
He holds his breath when he feels Greg’s lips in his curls. “
Alma kisses her pink forehead. “You ain’t gonna calm down to say hello to your granddaddy?” she whispers to Wilma. I look quick down at the floor so she don’t see the sheen of hot water that gets in my eyes. I know, better than anything on earth, that Sherlock is behind me understandin’ exactly what that word just meant.
“Here, let me return the favor,” he says, looking down at the blanket for Sherlock to lie down.
We wait, expecting to see Watson retaliate in response.
Watson, nodding quickly: “Yeah, of course, yeah. Good to be busy. I mean, not good that people need help, obviously. Not that. But . . .” He shrugs: “I mean, I’ve said it, haven’t I? I like the chaos.”
“Well, how’d I do?” John says, stepping into the room. He opens his arms and looks down at himself, double-checking his fly isn’t open, feeling a wash of embarrassment at wearing such fine, tailored clothes. When he looks back up, Sherlock’s head is tilted, deep in thought, his lips in a pout. And Greg looks like he wants to tear John’s clothes right off his body, making John flush.
Scotty’s face softens, a small grin on his lips. The sight of it makes John want to pump his fist. “You have a point. If you just moped around for the rest of the day you’d be a real drag at the competition tomorrow. They’d never invite you back.”
Why I can’t keep coming here without her.
Watson, in a controlled, soft voice: “Yes. Yes, I have.”
Greg’s eyes are deeply, incredibly brown. “How do you feel?”
-Pretty much everything in this chapter is based off the real life experiences of people in my family. However, do note that this does not reflect the experiences of every Vietnam War veteran, and John's backstory should just be taken within the context of this fic.
Sherlock turns his face to kiss the tip of Greg’s thumb. “I’ll try,” he whispers.
Listen to "Home By Now" by Bombay Bicycle Club
Gerold: “You have to be like somewhat of a family here, in this job.”
John feels stranded in the middle of the floor, panicked and hot, and he practically growls while griping his toes into the hardwood. “Oh no you don’t. No you fucking don’t.”
“Sherlock,” I say again, “would you look at me?”
Listen to "Miss You" by the Rolling Stones
Then he disappears in a cloud of sand and fog, speeding down the road into the slowly setting sun.
“Go on,” Sherlock says in a rough voice. “I’ll be here. I’ll wait for you.” He nods back towards the crowd behind John, meaning the winners’ ceremony and the sure to be endless loop of congratulations.
I look down at him. I look into his eyes. And suddenly I’m no longer afraid.
“Hi daddy,” she says.
It’s all wrong. It wasn’t a fair trade, John thinks, for the universe to gift him with this success. Not if the trade-off is Super-Greg looking exhausted under the fluorescent lights, standing awkwardly on his knee, hiding away from an Olympics he doesn’t get to compete in with his hands in his pockets, a failing smile on his lips, just so some Class LW-2 athlete can feel like what he did is somehow equivalent to Greg skiing down sheets of snow and ice at ninety miles an hour to win Gold four times.
And God, he’s missed the sounds of the three of them together in this room, echoing around these very four walls. He’s missed watching Sherlock’s eyes rapidly catalog every one of John’s breaths, missed their limbs all tangling with one another with slick sweat, missed being caught between the brightest, fiery star and the world’s most solid anchor, missed—
I hum. For a few minutes, we’re both of us silent, standin’ in the stillness with the bacon crackling on the old wood stove. Finally he turns around to face me, leanin’ back on the tile countertop he done built new for us last month.
“And what happens when she’s three years old, when she’s old enough to understand it all, to know who’s holding her in their arms? What then? What happens when she’s ten? When she’s fifteen?”
Suddenly, like a mirage appearing above the sand, someone materializes to his right. In one calm, smooth movement, the empty space next to John becomes inhabited by a man in long black wetsuit bottoms and, of all ridiculous things, a skin-tight light grey hoodie. The crowd at their backs draws in a collective breath of silent awe and anticipation as the infamous surfer plants the tip of his board down into the sand. John wants to laugh as he stands there trembling with nerves and sweating in his wetsuit. Then he turns his head sideways to get a better look.
He tells me “let me cut you out, John,” when we stand at the doors of our trucks with our bags all zipped and packed, campsite cleared.
Greg wants to take in the scenery: gorgeous white mountains and clear blue sky, windswept peaks and craggy outcrops, glittering alpine pools. But he can’t take his eyes off John Watson, who looks so perfect, so at home in the pilot’s seat that Greg can’t believe he’s never seen John fly before—how could he have known him, loved him, understood him, without seeing him like this? At one with the clouds, his tether cut from the ground, fast and sleek and brave and soaring through the heavens, performing the impossible.
