“Some water would be good.” Castiel ignored the other questions, hoping the younger Winchester would just shut up and sit down. Thankfully, the floppy haired boy went off to the kitchen shortly.
Sam paused his story again, and Dean looked up at him questioningly before he realized the story had finished and he hadn’t been listening. He feebly said “Okay. That’s good.” Sam shot him a brief knowing look before Dean turned back to the lunch he was constructing and then setting the containers on the table in front of Sam.
He glanced at the clock; 11:20. 20 more minutes and hopefully he would be in the car with his mother, driving to the hospital to get the wretched once-blue-now-black plaster off, and feel the wind on the skin of his arm for the first time in a month and a half. His mood shifted upwards, thinking about flexing his elbow and carrying more books and being able to use both hands to make the landing softer when people shoved him over at school…
He ate his lunch in the library again, not reading anything. He was staring off into space, not thinking about anything either. He wasn’t really tasting the food, but he knew it was a pbj. He had made it for himself this morning.
He did feel a little bad, how desperate Castiel had gotten when he saw the bridge. His bright blue eyes had widened to the size of dinner plates. It made him wonder what the rich nerd thought they were going to do. Toss him over? Leave it to the spoiled brat to think the worst of them. Dean wondered if Castiel had gone home and tattled to his perfect parents. Maybe they would march down to the school and tell the principal. Dean’s heart boiled in anger at the thought of Castiel, with his big wig rich daddy and perfect mother and wife, in their huge house. And Dean got stuck with a drunk angry dad and memories of a sweet blond dead mother. It all was just not fair, the fact he and Sammy got stuck with a drunken asshole who didn’t even buy them new clothes, and Castiel went home to a loving mother and father and got whatever he wanted. He could feel his mood dipping lower and lower, and struggled to think of other things. They couldn’t get Novak again today, because that would be too risky if he had tattled on them for yesterday. No matter how much he wanted to.
He finished up in the journal and put it aside after locking it. Then he turned out the light and went to bed.
“Hey? Hello? Earth to Castiel?” Jo was waving her hand in front of his face. He leaned away from it quickly and she put it down, looking vaguely annoyed. “You drifted off there a moment. Are you alright?”
Castiel had heard of Harry Potter, of course he had. It was rather popular, even if you were in absolutely no social circles and had little access to quick internet. But he had never really gotten the will to watch it, something that seemed to horrify the young Winchester in ways he couldn’t have anticipated. “No. I never have.” He answered gravely.
He was running fast, not caring if other people saw him. He almost made it around a bend to the library when a hand clamped down on the back of his shirt, making him emit an involuntary choking sound. He threw his hands up and tried to keep running and dislodge the grip on his clothes but the person tackled him and he felt his body slam into the cold linoleum.
Winchester looked at Castiel with a warning in his eyes. Castiel disregarded it. He stomped as hard as he could manage on Alistar’s foot, who yelled out and threw him to Winchester, eyes a little red at the pain. Dean caught him easily, though Castiel fought his arms, and wrapped them tightly around his torso. Castiel desperately thrashed from side to side, and Dean muttered “Keep doin’ that and you’ll be doing more than just getting wet.”
Cas mentally groaned as he realized his next class was on the other side of the building, and he still needed to get his backpack from the library and pick up books from his locker. He dusted himself off, and started heading to the library ignoring his dully aching leg and pounding head.
Sam started arguing to the contrary, and his dad was fighting back. Dean wasn’t paying close attention to the conversation but it seemed like Sammy was winning. He would make a good lawyer.
He stumbled back into the fridge and left the kitchen. She wasn't drunk, but she wasn't in a good mood either. This was not a very good situation either way. He didn’t want to go back upstairs in case his mom wanted him to do something, so he got a pitcher and filled it with water to fill the glasses at the table.
The crying days had gotten more and more frequent. He didn’t care, it felt good to let his emotions out, and then go to sleep quickly after. He felt refreshed in the morning, and weighed down by night. Then he would unload his feelings in a fresh round of self loathing and pity, and sleep.
Hey! Thanks so much for being here another chapter more! ISetFireToMary2016, I really enjoyed your countdown the last week! THANK YOU Viplaja, for your help. I think we'll be seeing evidence of that in the next chapter. Hey, I was thinking of changing the name because let's face it, "why are you doing this" SUCKS. It sucks butt. So, if you have any suggestions, help me out in the comments below! Thanks so so so so so much for reading.
In the kitchen, he grabbed a skillet from a low cupboard and set it on the stove. He flicked on the burner and turned it to “4” instinctually, then whirled around and grabbed two eggs from the large silver refrigerator. Cas snatched a bowl from the cupboard above the sink and cracked the eggs into it, throwing the shells into the garbage and grabbing a fork.
In math, he carefully avoided looking at Azazel. He didn’t look anywhere except his paper, carefully training his gaze. He left in a hurry, and fast-walked to his locker. He didn’t walk past any stair wells until last period, and that was where they normally harassed him. There were no classrooms opposite the stairwell, so no teachers to witness the knights of hell pushing Cas over, or kicking him in the back and making him drop his books.
He stood there a moment, feeling his heart rate slow down, and thinking over what just happened. It wasn’t so bad, just words. She wasn’t drunk, she would remember this in the morning. But right now he was too tired to think about that, and he had to get to bed before 2 AM. Couldn’t be late for school in the morning.
Once he grabbed socks and somehow dragged them onto his feet, Castiel walked carefully down the hallway and into the kitchen, the only comfort he had about his situation was that his father worked 7 days a week most of the time and he had left for his job hours before daylight. After taking a glance at the mostly empty fridge, he decided to forgo lunch because making anything would mean rooting through shelve to cobble together some sort of finger food. He did grab a banana for breakfast. Then he filled a glass with water and drank it steadily down in one go, chugging until there was no sound but his teeth clicking on the glass. It didn’t feel much better, but at least he was hydrated.
“Ok! I’m sorry. I’m going to my room now.” He started walking to his room. She huffed something behind him.
Castiel turned and walked as fast as he could, thoughts of being cold partially discarded while he thought of all the ways he could defend himself while his whole body ached and he had no weapons. The car behind him sped up, and for a heartstopping moment Castiel thought they were going to run him over. But instead, as they passed, out of the window came about a dozen hard objects, along with some litter, pelting Castiel. Rocks, Mcdonald’s wrappers, Half empty Mcdonald’s drinks. Among those was a baseball bat, which clattered to the curb after hitting it’s target.
“Oh I’m not! I would never do that to you! I just want some help with my locker, Cas, I swear.” Her eyes were wide with what seemed like honesty.
Dean just laughed. Castiel’s face fell from his glare for just a second, before he fixed it back. He knew it wouldn’t work, but he still felt crestfallen.
Cas hissed as he felt a sharp sting at his ankle, and lifted the covers to find a giant scratch on his foot that he wasn’t sure how he had gotten. Being slightly more mindful of the scratch, he swung his legs out of bed and stood up too quickly. Head spinning, he stumbled to the shower.
He scrambled as close to the door as he dared, trying to make himself seem like less of a target. Zechariah entered the room, face all business. “Time’s up! You should’ve been at the door five seconds ago, retard.”
He walked into his English class with a minute to spare, and took his usual seat at the back. He tried to calm his nerves, thinking of other things. Like how he was going to rewatch season 6 of Buffy the Vampire Slayer, or read the book he had been waiting for for months. Anything but how they were going to pummel him after school.
“What are we going to do, Dean?” Sam asked, a little while later. He sounded impatient, like he’d been asking a million times before Dean’s ears worked.
Castiel was nervous, doodling a little bit on his paper until the teacher called him out for it and sniggers from the other student filled the class as she reprimanded him. When the bell rang he was the last out the door, but just barely. Normally he was the first, so he was hoping that if the Knights were waiting outside it would throw them off a little.
“We just want to have a little fun!” Crowded Azazel, eyeing Cas. Cas pulled on his cardigan sleeves, giving his nervous fingers something to do. His brain was flooding with every possible outcome, trying to figure out what he should do, but not helping his situation. Then Alistar hauled a fist into his stomach, and he tried not to double over, but lost the fight and wrapped his arms around his aching stomach. Winchester pulled him back up, the shirts collar digging painfully into his neck. He looked at them, and saw Alistair and Azazel were both smiling, and he would bet a hundred dollars Winchester had a grin on his face too.
When they were all done, Sam walked back to the bunker with his shovel and a somber expression. There would be no smiling or laughing that night. There wouldn’t be any for a long, long time. Dean stood and stared at the grave a long time, before moving.
When he was walking down a corridor near the end of the school day, a bright flash of blonde hair whipped behind him before nails scraped the back of his neck, snatching and hanging on tight to his collar. He held back the instinctive duck-and-skid-away-cowering because it would be unmanly and funny to Jo. He doubted anyone else in the hallway would say anything, because they were afraid he would punch them in the gut. And damn, they were right.
He groaned slightly as he flexed his fingers, feeling the ache that accompanied the movement. He should really stop doing things like that, it made it hard to write. Or do anything else that involved his hands moving.
Castiel wanted to ask what exactly Winchester wanted with him, but found that between being pummeled and using his frayed vocal cords to talk, he didn’t really want to do either. So, he waited.
He closed and locked his locker, turning around and scanning the hallway to see if Novak might be there for him to beat on. Those feelings, the remorseful one he had been feeling about the nerdy richdick? Screw ‘em. Right now he needed something to hit, and there was nothing that made him happier than making that kid bleed.
“I’m not friggin lying!” She sounded slightly exasperated. “Please, just believe me? I’m not Dean’s secret agent. I just thought you looked lonely, and since none of the other sheep at this school were talking to you, I thought I would give it a try. I haven’t even been here two weeks.”
He breathed an internal sigh of relief, and his shoulders, which had shot ramrod straight sagged. She didn’t know. She didn’t know. “-and you have good reason, plenty of it, to hate their guts. I certainly do, watching those boys strut around like they own the school. I watched Alistar beat up that sweet little freshmen, Maddie, yesterday. And I couldn’t do hardly anything about it because I knew Dean would verbally beat the shit out of me when I got home-”
Castiel woke a short while later, and seemed a little disgruntled that Dean was still there, which made him happy. At least Novak wasn’t losing sense of who was in charge here, no matter how many squishy remorseful feelings Dean was being forced to have.
His mother answered questions and filled out a couple forms, then he was whisked away to get his arm fixed.
They dragged him back out of the car, and Castiel struggled to get away more than ever. They had taken him to the old bridge that was somewhat near his house. It was made of metal, and overlooked a small creeke. The fall wouldn’t kill you, but it would definitely hurt, since the creek was only about a foot deep. They had parked in the middle of the road, since cars barely ever came down here. It was generally a spot kids came to get high, or drink booze.
He moved his body experimentally, just feeling a slight twinge where Castiel must have hit him yesterday. It was kind of weird, him fighting back, but maybe getting his cast off made the rich kid feel like he had a chance. Some part of Dean wished he had given him one. He quickly squelched that part. It wasn’t uncommon for his little projects to fight back, most of the tougher ones did manage to land a few punches. But Castiel stopped fighting back in the seventh grade.
This hadn’t been the first time they had payed someone to lure him in, of course. He was like a fish, and the hook always seemed to be scraping at his throat. They could reel him in any time they wanted, for less than twenty dollars.
Soon, the black head flew into view. He seemed to be running, trying to get past them without incident. No matter how many times he tried that, it never worked and he never learned. There was a bright blue blur on his arm. He must be carrying books. Alistair grabs him, jumping out from behind the wall and Castiel yells a little in surprise and pain. He almost shrieks as Alistar goes to pull his arm back, and Dean sees that he’s not carrying books. He has a big blue cast on his left arm. Alistar lets go of his arm at the sound, and looks in surprise. Dean is surprised too, and wonders if Cas broke his arm at the bridge yesterday. Well, of course he did. How else would he have? Their parents were getting sued for sure.
Castiel watched her stare at the wall while eating, running one hand up the back of his head in anxiety that hit him all of a sudden like a truck. “So,” He started, then he cleared his throat nervously and continued after a moment. “At 11:40 we have to go to the hospital to get the-my-the cast off.” He stammered a little, a blush flushing his cheeks. She didn’t look at him.
He walked alongside a busier road, ignoring the weird looks he was getting from the drivers of cars. He curled his fingers into fists and pushed his nails into his palms as a secondary pain to fixate on, besides the hurting spreading through the rest of his body. It didn’t work very well. It was slow going, limping along for the benefit of his ribs and hips and head. Dipping forward to ease the ache in his shoulder, wishing he could just lay down somewhere soft and sleep. But he couldn’t do that, yet. He needed to find some homeless shelter, or something similar, even though he had never heard of any nearby. He could stop by the nearest church and ask around, maybe locate a first aid kit.
Alistair smiled sickly at Castiel through his eyelashes, and Castiel was disgusted as he felt the stronger boy’s breath waft softly across his face. He couldn’t focus on anything Alistair was saying, and he knew that wasn’t a big deal because it was probably just insults and pervy-sounding things spewing out of his mouth. All he could do semi-successfully was tilt his head as far away as possible, while still trying to hide his neck. But he wasn’t doing it quite inconspicuously enough, because Alistair’s face was suddenly closer than before.
He was calming down, when the lesson started and Mr. Livovich started talking about 'The Scarlet Letter'. He made the mistake of letting his gaze wonder, and found himself looking at Dean Winchester, who was looking right back at him. The other boy stared at Cas and smirked, making it clear he knew Cas was being pulverized later today. That set his brain whirring again, and he couldn't concentrate on the lesson.
She looked at him in anger, and hissed "We eat whenever the food I'm preparing is ready you ungrateful little brat!" then slapped him hard across the face.
After dinner, he did the dishes. Then he walked to the living room. “Do you need anything else mother?” He asked.
“Okay. My little brother Ash, he’s like, a prodigy. The next Van Gogh. We keep trying to get him to take classes but he just wants to learn on his own. I think he could really improve a lot, if he would take some. Maybe get a job at some big comic book place, like Marvel or something. Maybe pay for my college. That would be helpful.” She finished with humour and just a hint of bitterness in her voice.
It burned like a fire, ached like heavy blows and cut like sharp glass. It was everywhere. Castiel was awash in flames now, so much so he wished he was back at home miserable and frightened, rather than here, optionless and painfully immobile.
“Hm. Was it your dad?” Alistair asked suddenly, coming out of a few seconds silence, the question dripping with fake empathy. Startled, Castiel’s eyes snapped down to Alistair’s face again, and he grinned even wider now. “Oh, It was daddy, wasn’t it? Is that why you’re sleeping here? Your loaded Dad decided you were looking bad for his reputation? Got tired of having a useless friendless nobody living in his house, and kicked you to the curb?” Castiel’s eyes were the size of dish plates now. He said nothing, looking up at Alistair breathing shallowly through his nose. His mouth parted slightly, wondering how Alistair figured it out. “Or maybe you left on your own. There’s lots of ways it could have happened.”
When he got undressed, he barely got the shirt off, his arm screaming the entire way. He couldn’t wait until nightfall, and he made his decision then to go to the emergency room after his shower.
Dean went next. He drew a couple dicks and wrote “AMPUTATE HERE” In all caps with a dotted line under it. Castiel visibly paled at that, even though Dean doubted there was any chance someone would take those instructions literally.
“Mrs. Novak is dead. Car crash. Very tragic.” Dean almost snorted. If Novak sr. thought he was going to get Dean out of his hair with such a lame excuse, he was in for a surprise.
“Your mother has died. Get out of my sight.” snapped Zacheria, in a tone that was meant to mean ‘don’t ask questions just do it.’ Brain scrambling, Castiel tried to make sense out of the words. What did he mean, ‘your mother has died’?
He thrashed and thrashed, but he was getting weaker and weaker. His head was starting to hurt. He opened his eyes into slits and the over-chlorinated water burned them. His lungs felt like balloons, they were full to the bursting point for his need for oxygen and soon they were going to pop.
His vision was growing foggy from exhaustion. Alistair stood, finished speaking for now apparently, and leaned down to grab Castiel, to shove him against the wall. Seeing opportunity Castiel raised his leg and kicked Alistair (somehow, he wasn’t sure exactly how he managed it) hard in the balls again. His attacker was crumpling to the ground, but there was no strength in Castiel’s body anymore. He felt himself sag into his surroundings, even though every instinct and ounce of will he had was screaming at him to run, crawl away from this person. He was just so tired…..
Castiel paused the TV reluctantly, before turning it off because his mother got up in 10 minutes and there was no way he would be able to watch TV with her in the room. She would either turn it to something she liked, (like Dance moms or Hell’s kitchen) or she would turn off the TV and hide the remote so that he couldn’t watch anything.
Movie back on. They watched like zombies, with Castiel’s faint and slightly laboured breathing providing an extra background noise. In wasn’t long before this movie too was done, and it was 8 in the evening.
He faded in and out of the conversation, trying to act normal. He couldn’t help but let some ice leech into his voice though whenever Novak was brought up, which was a surprising number of times. He sat there uncomfortably while Alistair pinned with with a look like an x-ray machine. The cold eyes drilled through him, making his arms prickle. But he didn’t let it show how close he was to abandoning the lunch table and going to look for Novak.
When she unlocked the front door of their house, he waited a few moments when she went inside and then followed her in. The house was cold, and he shivered lightly. It hadn’t been cold before they left, but that was their house for you. If you don’t have the heat on always when it’s cold, it was like the structure just gave up, and sat there like an icebox. Like all the cold was leeching up through the basement, which had always creeped Cas out a bit. Their basement was dark and unfinished and cold, with shadows and lights that didn’t quite reach all the corners of all the rooms.
Before he could get a word in, Jo continued, in a soft dangerous tone. “I found your friend, your buddy Alistair, holding Castiel under the water. When I got there, Castiel wasn’t moving. The person you left to fate was passed out under the water, and your fucking friend was just holding him under, and you know what? He was laughing while he did it. So I did what a decent human and friend would always do, I went and I got that fucking demented creature away from him, and I had to pull his body out of the fucking water, and I had to get him to breathe again. I was this close-” she pinched her fingers together and jerked them in his face- “to calling an ambulance when he woke up. But my friend Castiel, even though he had just been attacked, even though some fucking dickbag idiots had jumped him and almost FUCKING killed him, didn’t want to cause any trouble. Didn’t let me call the ambulance, didn’t let you morons get into trouble you deserve, and went home with a swollen neck, fucking gashes on his head. And believe me Dean Winchester, even though you are my relative, even though we sometimes share a house, even though every birthday party I’ve ever had you sing me a Beatles song, I would’ve sold you out to the cops like that.” Jo snapped her fingers, it sounded like a gunshot in the silence. “Because no one, absolutely fucking no one who does such horrible things, is my family.”  Jo said savagely. The room was silent. Sam watched from his doorway, shocked and angry.
Cas looked at them, terrified. He held his head up. Dean was still holding the back of his shirt tightly, so he wouldn’t slip away. Like he would be stupid enough to try. They would be on him like fleas to a dog if he tried to make a break for home. “What do you want?” Castiel said. His voice was trembling. Dammit.
When was Alistar going to let him breath? When he was unconscious? Would Alistar listen to his heart and wait until it was barely thumping? And now, it seemed there would be two choices. Wait, see if Alistar would let him up, whenever that might be, or breathe. His heart was thumping out a tune; scared scared scared scared.
He lay there a few minutes before his alarm went off, and he turned it off quickly and went back to sleep a few more minutes. It was Saturday, the best and worst day of the week. He didn’t go to school to be tormented by the knights of hell, but he also had nothing to do at his house.
“I dunno what you’re talking about.” He lied arily, turning to leave. Jo walked quickly next him, heels of her boots clacking on the dirty linoleum.
“I’m okay.” He croaked, already pushing his aching body up. Jo tried to stop him but he glared at her fiercely and she backed off. “I’m going h-home. Thank you for everything Jo, but there’s not much you can do. This will happen again, maybe not in the swimming pool, but you can’t stop them or longer than a couple weeks when it comes to...things like this.” He said, limping to the door. Jo followed him, shoving his backpack into his hands. She stopped him with a firm hand on his shoulder, turning him gently.
He took in a deep breath and ducked out from Dean’s rough hand, which scrabbled in mid air aimlessly for a moment, not quite as efficient as it should’ve been in keeping Castiel still.
Through the doors, past some lockers, then to the bathroom. Castiel walked cautiously inside, aware that this was a smallish enclosed space where more could transpire than personal hygiene. He turned at looked at the mirror, and pushed all the air out of his lungs.
“Yes. Thank you.” Castiel responded, in a voice that some might describe as ‘dead’, And more than a little horse.
Dinner was either going to be whatever popcorn was left in Sam and Novak’s stomachs, or a sad ritz crackers- peanut butter concoction. It was probably going to be the latter, unless Sam remembered about their food situation and held the puberty-fueled hunger back for the rest of the night.
He looked at his reflection in the mirror, especially the cast, and noticed that the crude drawings and threateningly sweet messages from the knights of hell were still there. He would have to scribble them out sometime.
When he finally hefted the suitcase over the last step, his father cleared it and strode ahead of Castiel and into his bedroom. Castiel could see him walk over to their enormous closet and into it, out of Castiel’s eyesight. Struggling over through the doorway, Castiel cautiously deposited the suitcase near the king sized bed, and lurched forward to catch it when it teetered, threatening to crash to the floor. Holding it until he was sure it wouldn’t fall, he exited the room to get the next suitcase.
“So.” started Alistair quickly. “Here’s the deal. You can stay here, in the cold,” He mimed shivering, pouching out his cheeks and clattering his teeth together loudly. “- rotting, pissing in allies and stealing food from old ladies. Or-” He held up one finger. “You could help me out with a little problem.”
He managed to sit up by himself, short of breath and slow. He was a little surprised that he seemed to be getting three mostly-square meals a day, in a house where he was unwelcome. Even in a house where he was mostly welcome, three meals was rare. It was a little uncomfortable as Sam handed him things and he settled down to painstakingly peel open the yogurt. The younger boy watched him nervously, before busting out with a “Do you wanna watch something?”
Azazel, Alistar, Uriel and Dean looked around him, with their backpacks dropped on the floor a few feet away. Dean was standing closest to him, with his green eyes hard and mocking. Alistar and Azazel stood right across from him about a foot from his legs, and they had their arms crossed in a twin gesture of hostility. Uriel was standing farther away at his other side with a ridiculous looking evil-villain type expression on his face, like he was trying to look mean and menacing but failing. Cas had the urge to laugh at it, but that urge soon passed when Azazel started moving forward.
Inside, he put the bucket back under the sink after rinsing it with one hand (so he wouldn’t get his cast wet) and he threw the now dirty and alcohol-smelling rag down the stairs at the back of the kitchen into the basement where the laundry room was. He would wash a load later, after he got his cast off so he would be able to handle the wet clothes without covering the black plaster.
It was getting dark outside. Castiel couldn’t breathe very deeply for fear of tearing his side in half with pain. His throat hurt, his leg hurt where his father had kicked it, everything was bruised. It was getting colder, too cold for the spring they were having.
Cas looked around the corner and gasped when he saw Dean walking in his direction, startlingly close.
He waited a moment but then remembered Alistair probably didn’t have his phone on him since he hadn’t answered his last text. He asked the same thing of Azazel, and got a response. “Nah, can’t figure out if they’re waiting for the right moment or if Novak didn’t squeal after all.”
“Dean, if you’re just going to be an asshole about this, should I just let dad handle this instead?” Sam threatened, and Dean sent him a dark look, “I’m sure he’d love to know what his oldest son is doing in his free time. He’d be so proud.” Sam spat the last word savagely, like it was a bomb.
Castiel nodded and gulped, partly because his chest was burning. Dean gave Cas’s cheek a quick pat, and slid gracefully off him. Cas sat up immediately, grateful for the air flooding into his lungs. Dean walked back to Alistair and Azazel, and they walked past Castiel shooting righteous looks of disdain at him. Alistair kicked him hard in the leg, and he sucked in a breath quickly to try and keep his eyes from welling up.
Instead of pausing like he normally would have, Castiel sped up, jogging up the stairs as his father called after him, “Castiel! Get down here now or I’ll skin you!”
He almost ran down the stairs, a habit formed when his mother used to drive him to school and he was always being yelled at to get “His little ass down the stairs!”
When he stepped out again he carried a paper bag with shaving cream, a pack of gum and a six pack of HopHands beer hidden inside of it. After putting the stuff in the trunk and slamming it shut again, he counted up the $3.47 he had left and decided to splurge and get himself some lupper from a little cafe down the way. It was less than a block from where he was parked, so he decided to risk it.
Dean turned his book over in his hands nervously, having let the mean smile fall from his face. “Come on, I gotta get this book and then we can go.”
Everything in his head hurt, his nose, his ears, his mouth, his brain, his throat. His cheeks ached and his teeth clattered against each other as his father kicked him in the ribs, pointy work shoe digging in like a shovel. It felt excruciating right now, like iron spikes being driven into his side. He was kicked again, and again, and as he felt a rib crack Castiel screamed with his abused throat, making things worse. Again and again, he was kicked and pulled up by the collar to be punched and pummeled. It lasted forever, and felt like being encased in a cold iron maiden, sticky with blood and pain. He was drowning in an ocean of the stuff, and it was dramatic but startlingly accurate.
“Fucking call me a coward one more time, I dare you.” Dean growled, and Sam looked steadily into his eyes.
Castiel rubbed his arm again, and though he could feel the just there dregs of hunger brewing in his stomach, he figured he could wait a few more hours. He had grown quite resilient of hunger pains over the years, and he didn’t want to shift his mother’s mood into something angrier just now. Sometimes he could just walk into a room and she’d go off on him. Like the night with the spaghetti.
P.S. Also, as I'm sure you noticed, Zacharia's name is totally screwed up, I'm not sure what was happening with it but autocorrect kept messing around and I didn't have enough time or patience to fix them all.
He stood there for about a minute fiddling with his hands, before he realized he was still wearing his work clothes for outside and could go upstairs to change and escape from the awkward situation.
He started walking off faster than before, the woman behind him said something after him but all he cared about was that she wasn’t following him. He started walking to the nearest church steeple he could see over the tops of the stores.
And before he could really think about what he was doing, Castiel broke into a sprint. He ducked past Alistar, and started sprinting across the parking lot as fast as he could. He almost cried, the pain was unbelievable. It ranged from his head to his calves and only stopped short of his fingers, which were gripping his jingling backpack so hard the knuckles were white.
“Yes. They are good. Most likely you will not see them...as they live far from here. I don’t see them very often. So….” He felt like he was getting better at this whole ‘make it up as you go along thing’.
He settled into his blankets and fell asleep thinking about getting his cast off, and trying not to think about his father coming home.
The dust was thick around the door when he crept inside, suddenly cautious now that he was closer. It was dark, and the air smelled like dirt, blood and rotting meat, mixed with the forest and rust. Through the dark was glints of metal cast from various hooks and saws and horrible looking torture devices placed carefully around the room. There was a dripping steadily echoing around the small room. Sam slapped a flashlight into Dean’s hand, and they had only needed to shine them up to find Castiel.
He trooped over to the adult’s horror section, and grabbed “The Watchers”. The he headed over to the library computers, which were tucked into a corner, almost like the librarians didn’t want people to use them. It was a weird place to put them, but nobody ever changed it.
Novak’s face was a mess. Well, it always was, something Dean prided himself on, but it was more of a mess than usual, scraped in patterns of concrete on his forehead and cheek. His neck was painted purple, crescent moons were visible on the sides on his throat in the shape of fingernails, but Dean tried not look at it too hard. He felt sick. Novak tried to keep his head down, Dean watched as his chin nearly bumped his chest in the effort to make the livid bruises less obvious. Dean couldn’t help trying to imagine exactly what had happened after he left the swimming pool. The scene in his head wasn’t quite as pleasant as he wanted it to be, and he found himself trying quickly to banish the thoughts as they came because it wasn’t making anything better. Dammit.
He remembered times before now, when he had been having trouble at school, or was being bullied, or had a parent teacher conference, or needed help for a project. And his mother had agreed to help him. And she had let him down, every single time. Not showing up, saying she was busy, going out with friends the day of. He had learned not to trust her.
“I-I-” Mumbled intelligently. This was a problem he had not faced before. She sounded genuine, but then again so had Naomi. How could he be sure he could really trust this Jo? He had never met her before. From what she said, she didn’t even know his name. Should he risk it? No.
He realized he had been standing in the hallway thinking for 5 minutes. He shook his head and moved on the the kitchen, grabbing his favorite red mug out of the cupboard and putting a chai tea bag in it. He turned the kettle on, putting the burner on high.
In his room, he shed his shirt and skipped the shower because she would probably want to shower and get dressed very soon. He unbuttoned his jeans and let them drop, then riffled through his drawers before he found a pair of black slacks, and white T-shirt and a white button up dress shirt which he rolled up one sleeve of to accommodate his cast. He grabbed a tie from his sock drawer which was a home for things from socks to school assignments for safe keeping, and pulled on a pair of black socks. He put on the pants and white T-shirt, then buttoned the next shirt on top and smoothed it down. He draped the tie around his neck and tied it on autopilot, staring at his ‘Angel’ funko pop sitting on his shelf while he did it. He shrugged on a black jacket, and since he didn’t have a mirror in his room, he had to just assume he didn’t have anything hideous on him and went back downstairs.
They had a medium sized boulder for the headstone, and used a hunting knife to carve letters into it as best they could. Sam had done the carving, and some of the letters were a little big, but it looked good. Dean sniffled a bit, but didn’t cry.
“Oh, I just wanted to tell you that I need help with something down by my locker.” She stated, looking him straight in the eye.
The wind was picking up slightly, and it felt nice through his button up shirt. He was walking with a slight limp for his rib’s benefit. He only stumbled every once in awhile.
“H-hello father.” Castiel ventured. His father was standing in front of him, silently tapping at his phone. He gave no notice of his only son, and Castiel waited patiently and nervously while his father’s brow furrowed.
“Shit.” He whispered again, clenching his hand into a fist and digging his fingernails into his palm. He knew where the duct tape was.
“So, Novak, i quite enjoyed our time together yesterday.” Alistair crooned into Castiel’s ear, as the thinner boy tried to get away in vain. “I mean, before that blonde bitch showed up and bailed you out. You’re lucky someone pities you enough to do that, Novak.”
Then Castiel was gone. Dean looked back into the pudgy face of the ginger haired kid he was threatening, and felt disgust well in him. Whether it was because of his actions, or Alistair’s, or the spinach leaf wedged in between the trapped kid’s teeth, he did not know. He raised his hand and whacked the kid in the cheek with his fist, because he had lost his train of thought in regards to this loser, but he didn’t want to let him off too easy. The kid’s face crumpled and Dean left with the ginger’s cry of pain trailing in his wake. It felt good.
He treaded to the bathroom to shower, feeling all the aches in his body as he put one foot in front of the other. He wondered if the hot water would make the pain better or worse.
It was several minutes before he got to his destination, cruising to a stop outside the house, looking up at it for a moment. There was no movement inside. A car that looked like it was worth more than Dean’s house was sitting in the driveway. His lip curled in envy when he saw it, though he did try to tear his mind away from that. He looked into the back, where Novak’s face was shining with sweat. Fresh blood was leaking from his shirt, dotting the fabric bright red. Dean grimaced and looked back at the house, dragging his feet slightly. He didn’t want to meet Novak’s parents, he didn’t want to go inside and he DIDN’T want credit for this, beyond what he may tell his darling little brother. This was going to destroy his reputation if it got out…..
It was weird how angry Joe was on Castiel’s behalf. It felt strange and foreign. “Well, I think we should call an ambulance or something, make sure you’re okay?” Castiel snapped to attention, shaking his head very hard. Well, as hard as it would let him without bursting.
“P-please just let me go to class.” He said softly, looking straight into Dean’s cold eyes. He always felt like maybe, just maybe Dean would be the one to let him go. Dean was famous for being the loving older brother of a freshmen Sam, and Castiel always felt like that gave Dean more humanity than only-child Azazel and Alistar. But he was always wrong.
She never left like this when his father was home though. When his father was home no one did anything without telling him first. And if he didn’t approve, you didn’t go. Simple as that. Not like it was a problem for Castiel, as he never did much of anything to begin with. The most he would do was maybe go to the library, or a bookstore. He had no friends to speak of.
He pulled himself up for the walk down the stairs, gritting his teeth. He figured that stumbling down a few steps would better than knocking himself unconscious from a tumble down a flight. He didn’t think he was necessarily lucky enough to be killed by the fall, if it happened.
Remembered he left his pasta in the room, and stopped for a second, having a quick debate in his head about going back to get it, when his stomach growled and he turned back. He walked into the kitchen and she spun around.
He made a mental note to go later, and headed to the kitchen to make some tea. He had gotten some chai spice from the dollar store, and wanted to see if it was any good.
Hours later, he was out of the church. The kindly priest had told him that they didn’t have a place to keep him for the night, and asked him to return tomorrow to receive further assistance. Castiel thanked him and left, knowing that they just didn’t want a filthy beaten up homeless teenager camping out in the building, but the priest was too nice to say so. Either way, he had to figure out what he was going to do.
“And I got you out of the pool, and got you to start breathing again. And here we are.” She finished, touching Castiel’s throat lightly, tracing it as if checking for broken things or lumps. He flinched back.
“Stop that. Freak.” She muttered, and he made an effort to unclasp his right hand from his left arm and pulled down his jacket sleeve. Getting the cast off was like getting a puppy, and he couldn’t stop being happy and excited, and even though his mother was glaring at him he couldn’t stop smiling slightly. And when he tried to force it down, the smile grew.
The moment he had seen the Novak kid, Alistar and Azazel had too. His first instinct was to make fun of Castiel, which was normal and fine. But his second instinct was to stop Azazel and Alistar from seeing the kid, and that was not ok. Was he going soft or something? He was supposed to hate him. Get your head in the game, Winchester. He chided himself.
Castiel’s breathing hitched at the tone, dead serious and promising, and Alistair drew just a bit closer, almost touching Castiel’s face with his before he shoved back. Castiel’s lip rippled a bit impulsively in disgust when Alistair’s breath brushed across his face again, acidic in smell. Alistair grabbed Castiel’s hair, which protested from his still sore scalp, and whacked his head quickly against the wall with the sound like a gunshot in the silence of the bathroom. Castiel crumpled to the floor silently with his ears ringing, bringing his hands up to his head to protect it as he recovered from the blow, the waves of pain flowing freely as Alistair swaggered from the bathroom.
He didn’t grab anything for breakfast and darted out the door and into a cool spring morning. But as he walked it turned colder, and he was rubbing his arms while his breath fogged out in front of him. The weather could turn sour in the blink of an eye, and it felt like it could snow currently. Cas pulled his cardigan tighter around himself, and cursed the fact that it didn’t have buttons to hold itself closed. A few blocks away from his house, he heard a rumble of an obnoxiously loud car engine behind him, and he turned when it slowed down slightly behind him. His heartbeat started a race when his eyes locked on the beaten up old pickup slowing down near him, with Alistair, Dean and Uriel inside. Dean was sitting shotgun, eyes fixed on Castiel’s and a strange look on his face. Cas looked quickly away from Dean and regretted it when he took in Alistar wearing creepy grin on his face like a disney villain.
There was a strangled grunt from an alleyway, a little ways past a graffiti garbage dumpster. Castiel shifted, barely.
He could hear every shake of his breath and his heart was beating faster with the exertion of carrying a 5’12 teenager (he may be rail thin, but he was no featherweight) and another person stared at him as they walked… His car was only a few feet away now, and no one had called him out yet. He couldn’t believe he was doing this….
He had woken up that morning with a horrible stress in his gut, like his body was revolting on him for stupid decisions. He tried calming himself down, taking deep breaths, but nothing seemed to help. He liked to the think that humming “The lovers the Dreamers And Me” At the top of his vocal chords was working, but he knew he was deluding himself. The best he could do was just not think about….it.
He stopped walking when he got to a rougher part of the area, looking around regretfully when he noticed the spray paint on the walls and carpet of cigarette butts. He hadn’t meant to come this far, and luckily he wasn’t too far from somewhere safer. He walked into an empty alleyway shielded from the cold wind, and rested. Leaning against the wall hurt too much, so Castiel settled for sort of sagging where he stood. It was really too cold for June, but he comforted himself with the idea that it couldn’t get much chillier. Gooseflesh prickled on his arms, prickly.
At lunch Jo sat with him and said meaningless things while Castiel sat in silence, his usual lack of enthusiasm when it came to response doubled with the addition of a throbbing windpipe. Eventually Jo stopped trying to initiate conversation and just ate her fruit cup silently while Castiel stared at the tabletop, with no lunch to eat and no energy and motivation to read. It was interesting, though, how distressed Jo had become when she saw Castiel’s throat. She’d tried to get Castiel to come over to her house and let her take care of his ‘injuries’, but he shot her down as best he could in the least words possible. He wasn’t going to her house, no matter how many times she saved him from the Knights, it made him freak out a little bit inside just thinking about it, being inside someone else’s house, alone, with no weapons to defend himself, even though everything Jo had done so far suggested that she wouldn’t jump him. And aside from not fully trusting her enough, he didn’t want to take her hospitality. He had none to give back, and if the trip went well some part of him was afraid that he would end up spending his days at her house and his nights in his hell - house. Hiding from his problems.
Castiel coughed, spluttered, and drew himself to all fours with tremendous effort. Tears slipped out of his eyes as he crawled slowly down the hall, and when he stopped for a second to rest his father kicked his ass hard enough to make him yelp. “Lazy breath-wasting fucks don’t get to stop and dither. Move or you’ll be leavin without balls.”
As if the fact they had spotted their prey wasn’t enough, Castiel proceeded to pull the most ridiculous face looking at the cover of a book. It was like a cross between Gollum and the Joker laughing, the most joyful look he had ever seen anyone pull. It had made Dean smile, but not in the way he normally did looking at the Novak kid. He hated it, the way he was feeling different things all of a sudden, like someone had flipped a switch in his brain.
Time sped up until Alistair was suddenly on top of him, and Castiel couldn’t breath, his side was creaking and his face was bleeding, and Alistair was hissing words into the air like poison darts. “Just because I can’t fuck you know doesn’t mean you’re getting away that easy. I;m gonna find you again, Cassy, and next time you’re gonna take it up the ass so hard my dick’ll stick out of your mouth.” Alistair groped Cas’s ass roughly. He was so tired, he could barely thrash. The fingers dug painfully into him like knives. Alistair’s boner was prominent, pressing on Castiel’s chest like an anvil. “I know you want me to, you dirty little whore. Has daddy been getting you ready when he’s at home? Or are you still virgin tight-” Castiel could barely hear the words through his disgust, but what he did catch rang around his skull, sharp and stabbing. He felt like gagging at the thought of everything Alistair was implying, that his father would rape him, that Castiel would let Alistair have him-
“Well- I just had a rough day. Didn’t do so well in a history test is all.” Dean lied semi-smoothly. His dad narrowed his eyes was looked like was about to ask about the test when Sam cut him off.
He was pulled out of his reveries by the sound of feet on the stairs. He bolted upright and turned the TV off, knowing his mother liked to have it when she came down. He quickly whisked his three mugs to the kitchen and dumped them in the sink. Then his mind went blank as to what he should do now. Stand in the kitchen? Wait in the living room? He never knew what to do when his mother came down, he ended up standing creepily in front of the couch, holding a book he had read a long time ago.
When they finally stopped in front of a locker, she smiled at him and said, “Well this is it. It won’t open.”
Castiel stumbled unwillingly to the locker room door, and then was pushed through it roughly. Winchester almost carried him through the musty-smelling room, he was trying to escape but every time he even got close the boy holding him would lift him almost off the ground, crushing him in an unfriendly and tight embrace. Castiel cried out at last when his ribs absolutely screamed in agony during one of these lifts. Dean chuckled softly.
Castiel felt sick. He didn’t want more bruises. He wanted to go home and lay in bed and rest and never get up ever again. But when he got home, he only had a few hours rest before his father got home. And even then he had to get homework done too. The queasyness progressed. He just wanted a way out.
“Yeah? Don’t you have homework or something?” Dean knew she was in the midst of an avalanche of homework, with end of year studies and the extra complications of dropping in unexpectedly from a patient lenient homeschooled background.
He cleared the dumpster and caught site of the guy fully. His stomach flopped around, partly in response to the smell of the air around the person, and partly because there was so much blood. The ground was red and brown, rusty and wet in some places.
Cas looked at a clock on the wall, and mentally kicked himself when he saw it was already 10:20, and he hadn’t made his mother breakfast yet. He always made her eggs and sometimes bacon, topped off with a mug of coffee. He had gotten several rebuttals before for not putting the correct amount of sugar in the coffee for her, so he usually made a point to dump two heaping spoonfuls of sugar into her mug. It had to taste like cavities in a cup, but she didn’t scold him for it.
To his indescribable relief, Alistair was knocked to the side from his club of a fist. His lips felt sore and damp, but he didn’t have time to think about that because Alistair was not incapacitated in the least. Hands were still on him, roving, intruding. Castiel swung and banged his fists anywhere he could reach, fingers uncooperative, focusing on using as much precious strength he could muster. Like a lightning bolt, luck was with him in the form of a successful elbow jab to Alistair’s throat. Choking, he fell away while Castiel scraped his knees and palms in a mad attempt to run. Kicking, grunting, he managed to just barely disentangle himself from Alistair before he tried to stand. His knees were jello, wobble in the second he stayed upright, before gravity pulled him back down, crumpling to the dirt again. Alistair bore down on him, but before he could resume his attempt to force himself on Castiel his foot snapped out and kicked Alistair hard in the groin.
“I don’t know about that. I don’t like that Gordon kid, he’s always getting everybody including himself into trouble.”
“Castiel. What were you and your...friends laughing at him for? It seemed quite funny, but he didn’t seem to think of it that way.” She continued in what seemed to be a neutral tone, but was slipping down a few notches to accusing.
Cas gulped. Down by her locker? This was a trap, blaring in neon letters a blind man couldn’t miss. “Uh-what exactly is the problem?” Came out of his mouth before he could stop it.
His vision was starting to white out when he was finally allowed out of the burning water, and he was thrown and fell back onto the cement coughing and gasping and almost sobbing with relief as he gulped in as much air as he could. His vision slowly returned as he curled slightly, not even making an attempt to do anything other than breath.
“What’s got you so crotchety?” Azazel asked in a peevish voice, casting Dean;s mood lower. He was not emotionally prepared right now to deal with Azazel acting like a seven year old.
In his room he threw on some clothes, a dark tee shirt and jeans for cleaning up the beer spilled on the outside of the house. He would change into something better when he came inside.
“Yes, Dean, I have a lot of homework, so I’m going to make this pretty damn quick.” Jo spat, and Dean’s fragile pretense of ‘nothing is wrong and she’s just here for a social call’ disappeared as he watched the fire lick at Jo’s eyes.
He almost certainly had a few prominent marks on his neck. He hadn’t thought about it that morning, but now he wished he had some sort of scarf or something to cover that bruises, to cover the shame of what he had let happen to himself. Why hadn’t he looked in a mirror? He probably looked like hell warmed over. Bad enough to repulse anyone who would care enough to look at him. He thought about Jo, rescuing him in the pool. Would she want to see him today? Or would she finally realize that he was just a loser with rich parents who couldn’t defend his own life to save the world?
Carefully, Cas moved the suitcase around so he was dragging it instead of carrying it, and slowly made his bumby progress up the stairs as quietly as he could manage. His heart stopped beating a second when his father’s face suddenly appeared at the end of the stairs. “Could you hurry that up a bit?” Zechariah asked with annoyance, glaring at Castiel.
Castiel lay on the kitchen floor several more minutes to collect himself. He let the residual fear leave his body, slowly calming his own breaths and concentrating on what was real, however pitiful it might be. The dream had been bloody and disturbing, filled with silent people and crows with wet green eyes that pecked his hands to raw bloody messes. It left him gasping for air.
“Then get on with it, p-please.” Hating himself for the hitch in his voice in the phrase that was supposed to be manly, (Though he couldn’t help it, his rib was throbbing in time to his heartbeat) Castiel tried to steal his gaze. Alistair sighed.
The bus stopped at the school, and they all got off. Dean walked to his first class. He and Castiel didn't share any classes. He knew that Azazel and him had math together, but that was about all they saw of him until before last period at the stair well.
“I fell. Down a hill.” He said haltingly. She raised an eyebrow, and he could tell she didn’t believe it one bit.
When he was out of the shower, with freshly washed hair and a cleaner body in general, he chanced a look in the bathroom mirror. He recoiled as he wiped the steam from the looking glass, seeing a indescribable sight looking back at him.
“Mm.” Castiel acknowledged that Sam had spoken, then concentrated on drinking the water. His nap had left him feeling crusty and unrefreshed.
“Make me stay quiet, Dean.” Sam said with venom, “After all, that’s what you’re good at right? Making people stay quiet? I bet ‘Castiel’ had no intentions of telling anyone what you do to him.” Dean glowered, looking merely angry on the outside, but on the inside he felt horrible. How could Sam see this without knowing the full details, but Dean couldn’t even stomach the idea of Novak being worthy of such a fuss?
He set the shower luke-warm, knowing from experience that it would only aggravate his injuries if he set it to the normal scalding-hot temperature he normally endured. He watched the dried flakes of blood float down the drown slowly, rubbing his hands slowly through his hair over his face and onto his chest in one big repetitive motion, rubbing off the excess blood and successfully touching every single bruise. For some reason he didn’t mind that pain as much though, at least he was in control of it. He almost forgot about the nightmare under the warmish glaze of the water on his purple back. It hurt some at first, the little pellets hitting his skin and making him clench his jaw. But he grew used to them in a matter of minutes.
The third thing he noticed was Sam, sitting with two popcorn containers on either side of him, polishing off the last of one of them. He was on the floor, generously leaving Castiel the entire couch and risking a sore butt the next day from the thinly-covered harwood their crap rug tried to conceal. The brat eyed Dean suspiciously, even though the only fuckin thing he’d done so far was walk in his own damn house. “Dinner?” He asked, gesturing to the containers, “Or lunch?”
“I’m going to go out for two or three hours.” Castiel said haltingly. “Is that-Is that okay?” He bit his lip, hoping she didn’t say no. He wasn’t sure what he would do for hours, besides think about school tomorrow and the attention he was going to get from the Knight for not having the cast on. Their personal trophy shelf.
He walked calmly up the stairs, and when he closed the door to his room flopped onto the bed. His feeling of euphoria from earlier was gone completely, and he was left in a soggy mood. Closing his eyes, he searched for anything in the less-than-cheerful archives of his mind to make him feel better. All he could come up with were songs from Buffy the Vampire Slayer, but that wasn’t the kind of cheerful he needed right now.
“Can I sit here?” She asked, pointing to the chair she had parked her black backpack in front of. Castiel gave a hesitant nod. She skooted the chair back and sat right in front of him, with her hands folded leisurely on the table.
Alistar had thrown it eerily well and hard from the moving car window, and hit Cas just above his knees, hard like a sledgehammer. He groaned, and straightened feeling his headache flair like fire from the impact. The rocks hitting his torso were barely the size of a pencil sharpener, the kind you would buy at some museum, the ‘geodes and crystals’ type, and barely stung.  The car in front of him stopped, and Dean opened his door and ran out of the car. He started walking to Castiel, and Cas started walking back quickly, heart still jackhammering at the thought of Dean’s fists whacking his head to the side, his steel toed boots kicking his stomach and legs outside the arcade. Cas flinched when he looked from Dean’s boots up to his face and found the green eyes staring at him. Something akin to confusion strangely flashed across Dean’s features, and he leaned over and grabbed the baseball bat from the curb. With it in hand he looked savage, and for all the world like he was about to beat Cas to a bloody pulp with the bat. Castiel noticed his hands were shaking near violently, and fear was pumping through his veins like blood.
He went downstairs, ate breakfast and packed himself and Sammy lunch. His dad was probably in a bar or around town somewhere. That or passed out in his bed.
“Good, good. Take my bags upstairs. There’s more in the car.” Zacharia dug around in his pocket, and tossed a key to Castiel, who fumbled and let the key drop to the floor. He just barely caught Zacharias smirk as he bent over stiffly to pick it up. His father didn’t say anything about the bruises and bandaids on his son’s face.
His mother often made fun of him for never missing a mass, but he didn’t let it affect him. He had faith, and he wasn’t going to let it be taken away.
Castiel loved being away from school. Well, he loved being away from the knights of hell. He didn’t mind learning so much, he was exceptionally smart and most of the classes were little trouble for him. Just another reason for the knights of hell to hate him, though. But Sundays and Saturdays he was free, and he almost never saw the bullies outside of school. If he did, he left before they saw him. The school may be their territory, but outside was his.
Castiel hacked harder, water dribbling out of his mouth. His nose burned, maybe he had blacked out and started breathing? Why was Jo here? He retched and gagged, water dribbling out of his mouth along with some spit. He weakly wiped that off his chin with his wet sleeve.
“So, what class do you have after this?” She asked, wiping her mouth on the sleeve of the olive jacket she was wearing.
“Straight to the point, huh?” she said, not particularly unkindly. It confused Castiel, and he didn’t like it. Now she was pulling a ham sandwich out of a ziplock baggie and laying it on the library desk, for some reason. Was she trying to eat lunch with him? Red flags were up and waving in his head.
But hold on, who said she figured it out? Castiel’s brain asked itself. There was no proof she knew anything. She was looking at an old bruise, one the Knights could have easily given him. He was probably just freaking out over nothing. Probably.
“But Cassy!” Alistair sang in a sickeningly sweet voice, “If I don’t do this, who will? Who’ll show you what a worthless, friendless, dickless, spineless little piece of pig shit you are? I can’t count on Dean anymore. He’s going kinda-” -Alistair rolled his eyes despairingly- “-Soft.” Castiel would have snorted at that if he had control of his airway. It didn’t feel much like Winchester was going soft. “And Azazel- well, he’s a little preoccupied right now. Got his own selfish family drama to deal with, his whore of a sister getting pregnant and all that. Uriel- well, if the retard could do anything without orders first, he still wouldn’t have enough balls to actually throw a punch himself.” Castiel felt like his neck was swelling and deflating and burning all at the same time, and it was not pleasant.
As soon as he finished his inner dialogue, he felt foolish. Normal people don’t curse out their own brain.
The final bell rang and Castiel quickly made his way out of school, making it surprisingly to the front steps before something unfortunate happened.
Alistar on his left grabbed Castiel, and slammed him up against a random locker with a bang. Students scurried out of their way in the halls, and none of them stopped to help Castiel. As per usual. The moan was almost lost in the chaos of the hallway, but the look of pain on Castiel’s face spoke for itself. He definitely had some sore spots under those clothes. Satisfaction wormed it’s way through Dean, he’d done a good job on him.
Band aids littered his arms and his ribs, he kept them off his face because they got in the way. Patting and squishing, he cleaned out his wounds as well as he could with a piece of wet gauze from the blue plastic kit. He found a few pain pills in a pouch at the bottom the kit, and swallowed them. He couldn’t feel the effects yet, but hoped they would work soon. He throat hurt, a reminder that he shouldn’t talk much more than he had to.
He asks them what they are doing again. He knows that he will not fall now, the rope was keeping him secured to the bridge rail. But what are they doing, why was he tied here? “We’ll just leave you alone then, alone with your thoughts. That cool with you, Novak?” Azazel asked with mock seriousness. The others laughed.
After he was done doing random things in his room, like fixing the belt buckle that he’d been procrastinating on for months, he walked out and joined them.
He threw the covers off himself and tried to stand up in one go, like some superhero in a comic book that could bounce back the day after a dramatic rooftop-jumping fight. Buffy got stabbed in the sixth season and Castiel was pretty sure that if she could run around and kill monsters after that, he could make his way downstairs and eat a banana before school.
“Dean.” She said shortly, suddenly something flashed in her eyes. “Oh, I bet he knew. He knew exactly what was going on, that coward.” She spat out the words, leaving Castiel confused. She looked at him and sighed, shoulders rolling back. The drip of Castiel’s wet clothes echoed in the brief silence, and Jo started to talk. “I was walking around after school, I had just come from English and I saw Dean when I walked out. He was with that other dude, Azazel, and they both looked kinda antsy so I went up and said hi, and Dean just told me to that something was happening in the pool and He thought someone should know. Then they left before I could stop them, and I just went to the pool cuz I figured something bad must be happening, and I heard screams from the hallway outside of the hallway that has the lockers. I suppose that was you, wasn’t it?” She looked down at Castiel with faint pity in her eyes, and Castiel looked away, embarrassed. “And I came in, and that creep Alistar was holding you under, and you weren't moving at all, just laying there I thought he had killed you. I really did. And I kicked him in the head, called him some names, kicked him in the dick and that got him to let go and get out of there pretty quick.
“Well at least he’s alive,” Alistair spit back. “If you’re so worried about-” COUGH cough “-Dear Cassie-” cough cough COUgh cough “-Be here!”
He looked at her weirdly, not really trusting the friendly tone in her voice. No one spoke to him, this seemed a little off. “Hello…?” He answered awkwardly, making the greeting more of a question.
“That’s the only chance you’re getting. If you can sit with me today without bringing me bodily harm, or doing stupid shit, I might give you a chance. But you can’t sit with me tomorrow.” Castiel growled, trying to bring something intimidating into his features. It might have worked on Jo, as she looked a little taken aback but nodded once, rolling her eyes like Castiel was being unreasonable. He sat at the nearest table. Grabbing his PBJ again and trying to eat quickly.
Cas swallowed, and felt the tight dryness in his throat left behind after thinking of those horrible times with his father. He filled a pristine glass with water and chugged it down before the dry feeling could get any worse, and refilled the glass again. Carrying it in his hand, he walked over to the calendar magnetized to the fridge, and stared at Wednesday of that week, a dark anticipation blooming in his chest. The words Zacharia home printed in his mother’s messy scrawl on the white block made him uneasy, no matter if he was getting his cast off before. Though he was very grateful he was disposing of the handicap, for he had a feeling he would feel weaker in his father’s presence with it on.
His grades had dropped a little, since breaking his arms had completely sapped his will to open an educational book. He was desperately trying to get them back up for his father’s visit, as he would punish Castiel severely if he found out. Castiel had made 13 trips to the library in a week. A new record.
“Shut up Abernathy, I don’t see you contributing much to the conversation.” Azazel shot at Alistar, who glared at the other boy threateningly.
Reluctantly smooshing his face from the screen, Castiel walked out his room and found his mother in her room. He walked in and lingered in the doorway, listening to the sound of his mother’s TV show issuing from the flat screen TV. His mother was sitting on the bed eating something that looked like nachos and cottage cheese with jalapenos, banana peppers and interestingly, bananas on top of a blanket on the bed so she didn’t get the sheets dirty before his father came tomorrow. She looked at him with an expression of distaste on her face, whether the look was aimed at Castiel or the questionable nachos was debateable.
But as he was plunged back into the cool water, the sycophantic laughs of his classmates ringing in his ears, he tried his hardest to get free, bumping his head hard on the hard edge to his side in the process and losing what little air he had with his pained gasp. Immediately he started choking on the water he had let in. His body was going into the red zone.
“No seriously, why not?” She asked, her curiosity grabbing a sharper edge. “What do you think I’m going to do? Hurt you? I just met you!” She said. “Actually, I haven’t even met you. My name’s Jo, what’s yours?”
Quick as a whip, a sharp sting lanced across Castiel’s face. Like a cat, Alistair had raked his fingernails across his cheek, not drawing blood but it felt like the skin was grafted at least a little. It was a very mild reaction, considering. Alistair didn’t even look peeved about the fact that there was a gob of saliva on his cheek, dripping slowly down the curve of his chin.
He hadn’t eaten anything for dinner, but he didn’t really mind. His stomach felt mildly hollow but it wasn’t growling, and he had a ways to go before it was painful. He had a tolerance for hunger, one he had built up over the years. Not that he didn’t eat every day, but often enough to learn to get used to it.
Dean walked  behind Alistar, and watched with a smirk on his face as Castiel struggled to get free of Alistar’s bony hands gripping his shoulders. Castiel grunted when Alistair swung a fist into his side, almost doubling over in pain but Alistar kept him up with one hand. “Looks like someone’s been working on you before us!” He sneered, eyeing up the dark bruises on Cas’s face, “Who got their hands on you then?”
When the pasta and sauce were ready, Dean heated up some frozen green beans in the microwave and called his dad to come and eat. There was a responding “Be down in a minute!” From his dad’s room, and then silence.
“Yes, it is. Now please, I’m just trying to get through my day, and I don’t need another bruise.” He turned as if proving his point, showing Jo his purple black face in all its glory. She winced a little.
When he had walked around in circles for roughly three minutes, and he felt like throwing up, he put cream and sugar in his tea and took it to the living room.
Dean's eyes were wide with rage, and fear. Fear had curled in his stomach, making him want to throw up and laugh and cry at the same time. He had never been this afraid any other time in his life, on any other hunt or kill.
He passed through the swarms of students with the usual difficulties, getting his shoulders knocked and his bag buffed between bodies. The day sped up and everything faded to a blur again until last period ended.
He wished he had a book more than ever now. He paced for a minute - before his ankle started to hurt and he couldn’t keep his breathing even enough for his rib- just for something to do. Eventually he had to sit down with his back to the wall, curled over his knees and breathing shallowly.
He had just walked out of Bobby’s old front door, and was cruising in the impala away from his first employer. He had asked, politely, nicely, like a good boy would, for a job. Something to do with cars, preferably. Bobby had a little auto shop in a small town next to theirs; where Dean and Sam had spent large chunks of their childhood being bored in his smokey office and annoying the part-time college students working there. Since their luck with money had officially run out, Dean had finally muscled up and threw away his pride. Bobby had surprised him this time though. He was fairly gracious, even giving Dean $25 for groceries this week, telling him to stop by Thursday for his first day. So. Now Dean had a job. He didn’t know how much he was going to be paid, where he would be put, how long his hours were or what time on Thursday to show up.
“He doesn’t want to be here!” Sam yelled, and somehow, Novak was still not waking up, “But I think we’ve got a duty-”
He got out of the shower and got dressed, combing his hair with his fingers. Then there was a knock on his door. “Yeah?” He called, and then remembered the door was locked. He opened it.
She looked over at him from where she was watching TV on a giant flat screen, and answered “No.” In a monotone , if slightly slurred voice. Castiel left the room.
“What?” She asked, “Why not?” She seemed genuinely confused. The Knights seemed to be getting better actors.
“Dean, I haven’t even been at this school for two weeks. You’ve been here almost four years. Are you blind or just stupid?” She spat, with an infuriatingly pitying undertone.
Hey guys sorry but I'm really behind on this, so the next update will have to wait a while longer.......... please don't hate me.
And another question, why was Jo so insistent that he stay safe at home? Even if she thought something else was going on, she couldn’t have suspected his father. Whenever they were seen in public the ‘normal’ charade was slapped on so thickly that even Castiel had a hard time seeing through it himself. The fakeness of it all was nauseating. He knew that people thought he had it made, basically all people who had never seen his bruises. Maybe Joe was the one exception? Castiel wasn’t sure whether he was glad Jo could see through lies, or he wanted her to shut up about it because his father would kill him if he knew she’d figured it out.
They got him over the edge, and he dangled a moment, yelling at the top of his voice. “Stop! Stop! Please, please please stop!” He was almost sobbing, but it was hard because Alistair had his hand wrapped around his throat, and it was compressing slowly, cutting off his air supply. He made choking sounds involuntarily, mostly in fear and anger but partly in relief because his feet had balanced on the narrow ledge of the bridge. “Hey All, let him breathe will you?” Said Dean.
Down the stairs, into the living room he walked grabbed his mother’s dishes absent mindedly as he went to the kitchen, and placed them carefully into the sink so that they wouldn’t break, as they had done before when he hadn’t been careful enough. That accident took place when his father was in kitchen, and he made sure Castiel never forgot to be careful. His father was on a whole nother level than his mother when it came to punishments, and Castiel lived in fear of screwing up in front of him.
Castiel sat still for a moment, considering his options. He could play along, pretend he believes her until she tries to lead him somewhere the Knights could get him, or he could say no then and there and go find somewhere else to sit, or he could believe her when she said she meant no harm.
Dean, Azazel, Alistar and Uriel were standing in the young adults section, laughing their asses off at Castiel. He must have made a psychotic face when he saw that book, because they were making wild reenactments, holding an imaginary book out and pulling strange twisted faces of surprise at it. Winchester was the only one there actually holding a book, so he used that as a prop.
He hoisted himself out of his car and around to the other side. There was no movement in the curtains of the giant house behind him, but the car in the front seemed to be a promising sign that someone was home. He opened the back door real quick to check on Castiel. He looked the same, so Dean shut the door and walked warily up to the house. The last time he had been here, he’d thrown beer bottles at the siding. Meg had been there. The shards of glass were all gone now. Dean wondered idly if a maid had picked them up or something. Funnily enough though, the house was big, and pretty, and looked like it cost a pretty penny, but it wasn’t exactly the house you hired MAIDS for. It was almost oo small to be maid-worthy, though Dean doubted that really stopped the possiblilty of there being a maid inside there. Dean stepped up the front stair and rang the doorbell nervously, shuffling where he stood.
He gripped the guard rail with his fingertips, barely holding on. He looked at the rope falling to the water. He really didn’t want to jump. He stared at it another 5 minutes, before taking a deep breath, and pushing himself off the ledge.
“I didn’t expect to see you here,” Dean said conversationally, “Didn’t think rich kids like you hung out at the shabby old arcade. Or skipped school, for that matter. What happened, you just decide you want a day off and get daddy to let you ditch and hang around all day?”
THANK YOU SO MUCh for being patient (and unpatient) with me, I'm SORRY, I shouldn't have been late, but I'm lazy, okay???? Also, today is a day of mourning for all those we lost in the Battle of Hogwarts, May 2nd, 1998. I'm a HUGE Harry Potter fan, I have to mark this day, okay? Thank you! All of you.
At the pace he was going he probably was going to have a long walk ahead of him. He gritted his teeth and put one foot in front of the other, making his way back.
“Nah.” Azazel answered, and didn’t say anything else. The guy could end a conversation with one syllable.
The big brick building seemed to suck all the happiness in the world into it, crush it beneath its weight, and then feed the desiccated joy into the mouth of hell. Maybe that was a shade dramatic, but the description was accurate all the same. There was a flow of students slowly winding through the door, ignoring Castiel mostly. As he walked up the stairs another Senior Castiel didn’t know the name of shoved him down, but out of sheer willpower Castiel managed to remain standing. He glared halfheartedly at the smirking face of the Senior, who turned and was hailed by friends.
Castiel raised his hand to block the first punch to the head, making it just a hint duller than it would’ve been. He gave up pretty much right as the second blow sucked the air out of his lungs, sinking deep into his stomach and making him wretch horribly. Zachariah's knee cracked into Castiel’s lowered face, and the burning waves of pain in his head made his cry out hoarsely, dropping to his knees. His father laughed cruelly, and said something Castiel couldn’t focus on before pushing him back off balance so that Castiel’s back crashed to the ground.
The reached the car and he made a point to grab the handle with his free left hand, even though he was a righty. Inside the car, he went back to rubbing it feverishly. He had pushed up the sleeve of his jacket, and his mother was looking at him strangely, a little bit angrily from what he could see from the corner of his eyes.
His mother looked hurt, but the expression disappeared almost as soon as it had come. She walked to the fridge and grabbed a beer out of it, twisting the top off as she said “Fine. You can keep getting hurt, you can whine and mope. But do it away from me. I tried to help you, and you better remember that.” She stomped out of the kitchen.
They got out of the dim, and back into the sunlight. Dean grew suddenly nervous as a passerby on the street stared as she walked by. He walked quicker, despite Castiel’s pained gasps with his footfalls. It was just a little ways to the car…
He hadn’t opened his eyes yet, but focused on the sounds and feelings. Cars. Chapped lips. Birds. Bricks. Wind. Denim. But there was too much feeling. He was overwhelmed by it, unpleasant painful chaffing. He tried to focus on the sounds more, but there wasn’t enough of them.
“‘No one was supposed to get hurt’?” She repeated in a dangerously low voice. “Dean, I have a hard time swallowing your bullshit. And I think you do too.”
Beaten again today, not feeling very good. Bruises, and possibly broken rib. Got to be more careful.
Dean set the table and served Sam and his dad, then himself. The big man himself came down the table about 10 minutes after Sam and Dean started eating. He scarfed down the pasta and green beans like he hadn’t eaten in days, and then asked them how their days had gone. Sam went into a detailed description of the fight that had broken out in his class, while Dean just shrugged and said his day was fine. His mind flashed back to Novak’s bright blue cast and his stomach roiled in nervousness as he remembered that his dad might know. He was suddenly very interested in his green beans.
“I don’t want you sitting with me, and I’m not leaving the library.” He said firmly, staring at her. She looked up in surprise.
“All bark and no bite.” Alistair said, and Castiel shifted uneasily. It sounded like the conversation was drawing to a close, and while he should be getting out of there he couldn’t help but stay and hear what would happen next. “I’d say you’re like Dean in that way, but, well, after seeing his magnificent job on RichDick the other day, I’d say he’s got a fair amount of bite in him after all.” Castiel twitched at the mention of him.
Dean put his forehead to Cas’ started whispering in his ear, mostly apologies for not being soon enough, telling him to hold on, asking him to stay longer. “I love you.” Dean murmured brokenly in Castiel’s ear, tears still running like a river down his face.
That was one thing Castiel tried to push out of his mind every day. The horrible nightmares that pushed themselves back into his mind every night that his father was home and then weeks after. Some of them were just eerie, others were bloody. And the worst part was, it was his mind. It knew him, and fears he didn’t even know he had were brought to light in the horrible real-ness of the dreams. They usually start right after his father gets home, the night after or the night of his arrival. He sometimes woke up screaming, or just opened his eyes and felt the terror or sadness of fear wash over him in a wave. If his mother or father knew he had nightmares, they didn’t show it. The probably couldn’t care less, unless his screaming woke them from their sleep.
“I’m not blind, Castiel. You’re not ‘fine’. I know what happens every day. I know where you get those bruises from.”
She had her hair cut a bit shorter, and fluffy too. She looked like she had showered while he was at school, and had a nice outfit on. But she marched in and grabbed Castiel by the arm, dragging him out and snarling, “That idiot woman couldn’t follow instructions. I told her, sweep the floor and vacuum the rug but she didn’t listen, and now I’ve got scratch marks all up the floor.” She marched Castiel down the stairs and hissed at him, “But I don’t have time to get another cleaner, so you’ll have to make do. Sweep the floor, vacuum the rug, dust the shelves, clean the windows, and anything else that needs doing.” She slapped a broom into his hand and swept back up the stairs again. “And make it quick!” she called down, before slamming her bedroom door shut.
And at the feel of Alistair’s wet tongue flicking at his inner ear lobe, Castiel jerked away, propelling himself away from the other boy. “No!” He said loudly, gasping painfully. “Never.” He ground out.
YOOOOO I'm on TIME! Bathe in this glorious moment.  I feel like this one is a little bit shorter than the others, but oh well. What can ya do? Also, I am TWO PAGES away from this being a 200 page novel. Drink that in guys.
He spent the rest of his time in the kitchen fuming less and less until only pathetic emotions like worry and guilt were left behind. Finishing up dinner, he served the cheesy-noodle-macaroni-and-cheese-and-marshmallow-hybrid into two bowls and left one on the table for Sam. He wasn’t taking it his room, so if the kid wanted dinner he was going to have to come out of his cave and get some. Dean himself walked into the bare living room and turned on the big tube television, and sliding Star Wars: A New Hope into the VHS player. Yes, yes, old and clunky as it was, he and Sam had no cable or DVD player to speak of, so they just worked with the cards they were dealt. Equipped with the VHS player and a library of tapes to go with it, he and Sam could quote every Star Wars movie while they played, they had memorized The Princess Bride, and could play every scene of Harry Potter in their minds. Mainly they grabbed tapes from fifty-cent piles at resale, or if someone was throwing them out they would speak up and claim what they didn’t already have. Two bookshelves full of the large plastic cases were propped against the bare walls of their living room. They each had their favorites, and took turns choosing movies on different nights of the week, which often ended in arguments because Sam wanted to watch ‘Good-fucking-Will Hunting again’.
