Sherlock's breathing was a little laboured as he laid on the bed next to John. He swallowed thickly, burying his face into John's neck and gulping down his scent. "They... have a key," he said. "N-not stupid," he panted, trying to get John somewhat situated in the bed. "Your... IV," he said. “L-let the Beta nurse do it, mm-medicine for your ulcers and pain," he said. "Please..." he begged.
John woke up screaming, his hand somehow wrapped around his gun. He was coated in a cold sweat and tangled up in the duvet. He closed a fist around his damp hair, closing his eyes and repeating to himself that it wasn't real.
John shook his head. "No you don't. You don't ever have to leave, and I don't ever want you too." He combed his fingers gently through Sherlock's hair, twisting a curl around his finger. "I love you, too," he murmured. "And you know that I would do the same."
Harry nodded a small bit, getting out some mugs and a package of biscuits. "He seems nice, the boy... what was it? Sherlock? When did you meet him? You can't have been back that long," she said.
?" He was fighting to keep his voice under control. "He was fourteen; what the hell were you thinking?"
John smiled, squeezing his hand over Sherlock's hip a small amount. "I can understand that," he said, looking over at Sherlock. "Just let us know when it's a good time and I'll try to pop in. Hopefully dragging Sherlock behind me." He leant his head lightly against his bondmate's shoulder.
He trudged into the loo and closed the door to a crack, stripping quickly before pulling the collar out of his trouser pocket and latching it about his neck. Squatting in the tight space, he willed the Change to come, feeling the sweet pain of release and the further sharpening of his senses.
) and John could barely cook pasta without burning it. “You’re ridiculous, you know that, right, Uncle Sherlock?”
“I made meatball soup and garlic bread and a salad.” She rested her chin on his sternum and looked up at him with his wife’s blue eyes. “I thought we could have family dinner! You, me, Nana, Sherlock, and Uncle Ford.”
Then, with a small shiver and a soft yelp, Thomas shifted, his legs getting tangled within the blanket that he had been swaddled in. Pulling at the blanket with a hand, Sherrinford loosened the Pup’s constraints, letting the surprisingly small being tumble out to land again on his t-shirt clad chest.
Her eyes snapped up to see the man she loved beaming at her. “It’s incredibly difficult to stand up for something you believe in but it’s even harder to do it if you’re going against your family and everything that they value.”
“Oh, no!” the veterinarian interjected, holding his hands up as if trying to calm an animal. “I think that, ink or no, you look absolutely stunning this evening. I am lucky to have you on my arm.” His head tilted to the left slightly, exposing his long, pale column of neck.
Molly reached her hand out towards him comfortingly. He reciprocated, grasping the phalanges in his long fingers tenderly. “It’s fine, Molly,” he murmured seeing the comfort that she was trying to exude in her eyes and her sentimental smile. “Sherlock can handle himself and I am not ashamed of who I am. As I’ve said, I would announce it to the world if I wasn’t afraid of hurting my family with the backlash. I am what I am and I would not change a thing.”
Not voicing any of his insecurities as the hair on the back of his neck rose uncomfortably, he gave Imogen a smile and gestured her towards a free table next to the wall. Sherlock, being ridiculous as usual, followed and plopped himself down in the seat beside Imogen, a kind smile on his face. “Well, hello Brother dear,” the older man intoned.
Quickly, and without jostling the wolf as best they could, the gurney was wheeled from Recovery through several hallways and into the service elevator. Mycroft allowed one of his hands to rest on his youngest brother’s back, feeling his chest rise and fall steadily. He couldn’t help but smile.
“Alright,” Lestrade said, raising his hands and getting out of the van as quickly as he could. “I’m going to get the cigarette. Fingers crossed that we get a match, boys.”
Shutting the door with a firm click, Sherrinford Holmes headed back to his Mate, reflecting on the last forty-eight hours.
Fighting against the urge to roll his eyes at the banality of the Yard’s bureaucracy, the statesman cut in, “I’ll see what I can do. Parliament meets within the week. Do you think you can get the testing done within that time?”
It was then, as he chased behind the pair of four-legged men through the streets of London, that he realized that he
in that family. I had my money on the detective - an odd duck - that one, but it seems like your baited the right one!” She could hear a light, flutey chuckle over the line. “Maybe it’s time he met the family, Darling?”
He bit back a growl as the other man continued, “I’ve seen K9s turn against their handlers. I don’t need infectious K13s running the place.”
“Right, right,” the other man yawned, reaching for his coffee cup. “I had a long night shift last night. Eddington went out in his Wolf-shape for the first time. Things went well.”
“Don’t,” he whispered, placing a hand on the younger man’s shoulder. “You’ve paid for that, over and over again, Sherrinford. This murder - it’s most certainly not your fault.”
“Good Morning!” Molly said, Benedict being burped on her shoulder as Mycroft eyed Thomas speculatively. “Hungry?”
The army doctor simply shook his head, chuckling humorlessly. “Especially when you state it so bluntly, Sherlock.”
“Would we become Wolves?” Lucy murmured almost excitedly, her hands drawing up to her chin as she grinned.
The ginger-haired man rolled is eyes dramatically. When he answered, his voice was very low, meant only for him to hear. “Wolves age at a human rate, thus why Sherrinford is so spry. His current lupine form is only about three or four.”
The morning yielded no results. The K9 units were ineffective. The scent of Wolf terrified the shepherds even when the men were still human. There must be something feral and dangerous about the scent that only the dogs could smell. Either way, with nearly the entire force scoping out one rogue and highly dangerous werewolf, no one could find him.
She was surprised when her mother led them to the library. So much of the mansion was dedicated to the decimation of Lupus sapiens that she had assumed that they would be led to one of the torture chambers. Instead, her family, including her great-uncle Teddy, sat on the leather loungers and arm chairs, sipping champagne and smiling up at them expectedly. So many of them were active Hunters, going to the continent in search of packs for their holidays.
As their steps, echoing about the linoleum, brought them towards the main entrance. The mingled odor of thirty humans with their recent meals, over-priced perfumes, and stale cigarettes caused his nostrils to flare at the cacophony. It reminded him of London, of the countless cities he had dwelt in for a time, and of the life that surrounded him in the steel jungles of the world.
Slowly, he walked into the upper bedroom of 221B, the hum and whir of the machines setting him even more on edge. Sherlock, who had barely left his Mate’s side, raised his furry head and gave a low whine. “I know,” he murmured. “All vital signs are strong and this is John we’re talking about. He has too much to live for to stay asleep for much longer. I’d guess tomorrow will be the day.”
He shook his head, rubbing the back of his neck and tilting it a bit to the left, before he exhaled forcefully. His Pack Alpha, his older brother, did not know the ways of their people. He was still learning, of that he was certain. He had a Mate, their bond growing deeper as the years passed, as their love grew and attraction began to take hold. Sherlock and John knew of this, of course, except for the latter bit. However, they did not understand how such a bond is initially established.
His aim was true and the drool coated tennis ball bounced off the instep of her tennis shoe. His tail wagged faster as Sherlock continued to jump about like a loon behind him. His eyes flickered between the ball and her face, watching her pick it up slowly and turn the soggy mess about in her hands. “Uncle Sherrinford?” she breathed.
The woman smiled, giving him a shooing motion with one of her limp hands. “I know, Darling. Go! I’ll be here when you get back.”
A shot rang out and Sherrinford ducked, skidding on the marble, a smoking hole appearing in one of the book bindings where he had been seconds earlier. The slippery floor gave her family the time they needed to grab the Lupus sapiens again, Andrew latching onto his tail. With a strong pull, he was left a fist full of fur for his trouble even as Callum grabbed Sherrinford’s tags and yanked.
He shook his head, rubbing the protruding foot beneath his hand tenderly. “He should be born human,” he mused, smiling softly. “After that, he will be safe to handle for the first few months of his life. Once his milk teeth fall out, the toxin will begin to be produced.”
“That is the truth,” Molly groaned, rolling herself and her precious cargo from the bench with the help of her attentive husband. Mycroft remained silent on the matter, simply wrapping an arm around the woman’s waist and beginning their slow progress back to the flat.
“The Red Lion has trivia on Tuesdays starting at 9.” His younger sibling’s voice murmured over his left shoulder.
Settling his head back down, the detective lay protectively over the prone form of the army doctor, warming him with his body heat and fur. The Wolf’s verdigris eyes followed his every movement as he checked the human’s vitals, making notes in his file, and changed the bedpan. “I’ll be back in a few hours,” he said, pausing at the door, “Alert me if anything changes or if you need a break.”
The wolf circled around her, brushing her legs and stomach before stopping on her right side, the thick nape of his neck offered to her hands. “Thanks, Sherrinford,” she murmured, wrapping her fingers in the thick, outer fur, before taking a few steps toward the stairs. “You’re being all too good about all of this.”
Regardless of his goading, the older man gave him one final squeeze before slipping from the mattress and his comforter. His own smile darkened slightly, knowing that there was one more night that they would stay beneath his parents’ roof.
“My entire life,” his youngest sibling intoned softly, his face kind. “It’s been what, fourteen years, Sherlock?”
“We’re going out tonight. We won’t be back until the morning, most likely. Just leave some clothes outside and we’ll shower and be on our best human behavior tomorrow.”
John simply shook his head. “Sherlock, your brother is a very powerful man but even he cannot keep Parliament from making something public record. It’s the employers, you see. They want to know if they’re hiring...people like…you.”
“I know, but...I don’t know...I kind of want to.” She looked away, flushing. “They must be fascinating beings.”
Sherrinford woofed and stopped suddenly, causing him to run into his larger body with an undignified yip. Shaking himself to rights, he growled in complaint. Then he noticed his younger sibling’s rigid stance, low head but pricked head with a still tail, and stopped.
The morning light found her waking in the warm embrace of her lover. The previous evening had been one of discovery for the both of them. Sherrinford, though he never would have admitted it, had very few, if any, sexual encounters. And she quickly had discovered why.
Quickly covering what she realized was the truth, she blurted out, “NO! Never! I live for the family! No
. He knew that it was lie. More so now than ever before. He needed John and Evelyn, his Pack and his siblings. Even Mycroft in all his insufferable glory was important to him. He could not imagine life without any of them, and he knew that he would let his sentiment rule his actions over the next few days.
“You have the metabolism of a college student,” his quasi-brother-in-law stated, trying to sound exasperated instead of jealous without succeeding in the slightest.
He heard the growl then; his brother was obviously feeling defensive. Sherrinford might have acted like an idiot, but he had done it to protect their Pack and the broader Wolf community. He didn’t grace the growl with a response. “You’d better have something for me, Sherrinford, or I’m hanging up. I have work I have to do. It’s time to start winning the game instead of simply playing it.”
“Yes, sir,” she replied, obediently, keeping her facade in place. “It would be a shame if the Lupus sapiens movement lost their leader.”
“It all depends on what is in your gut, Darling,” he said, sitting across from the girl. “Either way, we’ll still love you, Evy. And that is a promise.” He smiled, lips pressed together firmly. He reached across the worn wood of the table and rubbed the blonde woman’s arm reassuringly. “What would you like for dinner?”
He averted his eyes, filling his plate instead, heaping it high with the calories that his body would expend when he Shifted. His other four-legged Pack member echoed his enthusiasm, digging into the pasta dish and making it disappear rapidly. He wondered when the last time the other man had Shifted. He tended to Shift more often than he did - it was part of his upbringing after all, but even he seemed to be a bit on edge.
“Good,” his mother practically purred, “Then you’ll be the one to take him out. Hiding behind sloppy murders on New Moons is below us now, Darling. Kill him and bring me his pelt. It looks...
But then he’d have missed out on so much. His werewolf integration program had gone really well. Every unit had at least one K13 as they were called (Thirteen for the thirteen Full Moons in a year. K for canine, a play off of the original K9 units). None of them were as astute as Sherlock but they were effective at following suspects and eliminating dead-end leads, particularly around this time of the month. Many had formed up their own little Pack units within precincts, spending their Moons together at one of the facilities. Sherlock was the only active member on Moon nights (His status was still miraculously under wraps), though, sometimes, like tonight, he ventured to Baskerville, leaving him to patrol without having a Wolf nearby.
He expertly dodged the burp cloth that was thrown at his head with a chuckle. “Not nice, Sherrinford!” his sister-in-law hissed in an equally playful tone before she picked up the squirming Benedict. “But thank you, nonetheless. Twins are hard.”
“Dinner,” he intoned, layering a bit of Alpha into his voice so that there would be no argument. “We tell her at dinner.”
“Yes.” He knew that the girl was wondering if the detective had reverted back to his human form, but Mates stayed together, it was a natural instinct. And so, Sherlock was responding naturally, consoling his human Mate in his rather more agreeable and comforting (and dangerous) form. “How was school today?”
The car pulled into the park and Mycroft shut off the engine with a sigh. “Home sweet home,” the statesman murmured, releasing his belt and opening his door. “I’ll come get you, Darling. Wait for me.”
He turned, still smiling at her gorgeous morning face and her rumpled hair. “Of course not! I would never joke about breakfast.” He fixed his face in mock seriousness. “It’s the most important meal of the day.”
“Take your time,” the man called back. A quick glance behind her told her that her date was waiting patiently for her just inside her doorway, his wise and incredibly blue eyes scanning her flat as a small smile played at his lips.
He shook out his thick coat, the fur bristling as the scent of John Watson reached his sharpened nostrils.
Mycroft, stoic features in place, gave him a single nod before setting Thomas into the playpen where he could toddle about without getting into trouble. The little one promptly walked into the mesh wall of the pen and fell onto his bottom with a sharp yip and a bounce. He snorted, shaking his head, so glad that he couldn’t remember being that small. His brother sent him a dark glare the quickly melted into a small, amused smile. “Someone has to fight for us,” he murmured, still smiling. His nephew would grow up with a family that loved him as he was, even if he was ostracized for it. He could be the martyr so long as the future was brighter for Thomas and those that followed.
He tried to stop his nostrils as they fluttered with little success, his eyes watching his charges as they filed into the gymnasium. It’s a small miracle that Lestrade was able to convince them to use the training facility’s space. He had gotten there early, accompanied by his eldest brother and the Detective Inspector, and cleaned the large room. The last thing any of them needed was to have a bunch of Wolves, Shifted outside the Moon, running about amongst half-deflated basketballs, stinky rugby socks, and piles of mats.
“Maybe they simply adapted to their environment,” his brother stated, eyebrow cocking again as he theatrically threw himself into his armchair. “The world is aware of monsters, brother, and there are some people who, believe it or not, support us and our rights. Killing one of us, on a night that’s not a New Moon could lead to their own deaths-”
Her professor, Ms. Crowley, strode into the room, placed a stack of books and notes on her desk, and clapped her hands together. “Alright class, please simmer down and grab you seats. Today we are going to begin to study one of our most recent and controversial laws:
“Well, Mr. Attenborough, werewolves look and act exactly like humans. They contain extra chromosomes on the cellular level which gives them several lupine attributes while still human, but they are generally unnoticeable to the naked, untrained eye. The only difference is the forced Full Moon transformation into wolf form. Other than that, they live normally.”
Grinning wider as the doctor pulled back, his lips swollen with their intense kiss, he simply said, “Yes.”
The converging crowd around Sherrinford seemed to move in as one, knives slashing and renting the air as the agile Lupus sapiens lunged and bobbed in his limited space. Despite his best efforts, though, there were five of them and one of him, a yelp joined in the mocking cheers coming from her older family members.
When silence fell again, the teenager tossed her beautiful blonde head back and gave her own melodious howl to the Moon. His Alpha joined her, giving him permission to add his song to the night, the sound mingling with the others harmoniously. After a slight nudge from his Mate, the doctor joined them, his notes in perfect unison with Sherlock (
“Sure,” he said, understanding the importance of parental bonding at birth and he had no plans on getting in their way. “When are you planning on telling them? The Pup will have very little control around the Full Moon, including the days before and after, and I’ll need to be in my four-legged form more often than not. Pups long for comfort that can only come from that form, even if they can’t match it all the time.”
The concern felt by his Alpha’s daughter was touching. It made his wish that his issues with the Hunters would be resolved soon so that his nephew might have a playmate. “He won’t be entirely alone. I’ll play with him, I’m sure and he has his brothers and sister. And you!”
His brother carried a heaviness about him that was evident as soon as he opened the front door. He could smell the worry, the rank stench of fear, even as Mycroft’s trained steps carried him through the house and up the stairs.
“Resting,” her husband responded. “She’s been put on bed rest until the babies come, though I think that she’s going to be going into labor soon. At least for her sake.”
“We’ve put you in the guest room, John,” Molly said, huffing a little from the walk to their flat from the car park. “Evelyn, you’re on the sofa-bed in the study. Boys, well...”
“I doubt it. Not with the Pup to attend to and the legislation being brought forward tomorrow.” He watched Evelyn’s brow furrow as she pulled away from him to sit back at the table, pulling her schoolwork towards her. “You’re worried.”
Thomas continued to quiver, his hand thwacking into his abdomen. Slowly, the boy’s fists and curled toes began to change, pinky toes and thumbs retreating. Pads, soft and pink, erupted as the rest of his bones in his arms and legs broke and remade themselves. The rest of the Shift went quickly, the boy’s quivering turning into an all-out shake, twisting his chest and spine into a lupine shape. His face reconstructed and his tail unfurled, as his body’s velvety puppy fur grew, a well-shaded brown with a hint of ginger smatterings through it.
The room was large, certainly larger than his bedroom at 221B, at held two cradles, a changing table, a pair of dressers, several toys and stuffies, and a pair of armchairs. Mycroft was seated in one of the armchairs, a baby in each arm sleeping soundly, a soft smile playing on his lips.
“Well,” Sherrinford said, leaning back in his chair and fixing the man in his gaze, “There are two options to help you remember what occurs. Both will only work if you trust me, and, more importantly, yourself and the wolf that you are.”
She smiled, taking the blooms and ducking her head to smell them. Their aroma was intoxicating. “Thank you so much,” she replied, turning from the door. “Please, come in while I put these into water.”
The sound of two pairs of footsteps echoed from somewhere deep in the house, growing louder and closer. He stood, head cocked and waiting patiently, nostrils flared.
The door was titanium, unbreakable and solidly reinforced. It was terrifying and she could only guess what horrors lay beyond it. With a nod, she gestured for the door to be opened and she stepped through.
“Daddy,” she asked later, seated beside her father at their kitchen table in their small flat on Baker Street, “Are you a werewolf?”
The other werewolf shook his head almost sadly. “She did not.” He sighed, turning away from the window and letting the curtain drop. “I don’t know what I would have done if she had.”
He woke some time later to the feeling of warm fingers messaging his skull and teasing his ears. He snorted, fully awake, making the Pup beside him wake from his own nap with a disgruntled (and inevitably hungry) yowl. As much as he wanted to kiss the woman beside him and welcome her back to the land of the living, he turned to comfort and nuzzle his nephew first. Setting his tongue to work, he calmed the little one, grabbed him by the scruff of his neck and moved him to rest on the woman’s stomach.
It wasn’t hard to find the Recovery Room. It was flooded with curious hospital staff, all trying to catch a glimpse on the infamous Sherrinford Holmes. The young man was still asleep, a faint snore exiting his parted jaws, his tongue lolling out until it hit the muzzle. Sherlock cocked an eyebrow but said nothing. The man’s right shoulder and part of his neck and chest were wrapped in white bandage, the right foreleg bound up against his chest to promote the proper set of the bone. The bleeding had stopped (Thanks to his sibling’s inhuman healing rate) and the wound would be nearly invisible to the untrained eye by the morning but the bones would take at least a week to fully heal, if not longer.
Her smile, bright and proud, wide, teary yet joyful eyes fixed on the newborn, made him glad to have the woman as part of his Pack. Her acceptance of her child brought him hope.
“Yes, of course.” Smiling, he reached a hand across the table to squeeze the little girl’s hand. “I’ve considered you mine since I returned to London and learned of your existence. You are too special for me to ignore, too fascinating. Just like your father.” His smile twitched into it’s amused smirk as the little girl blushed fiercely. Her father’s tanned skin also gained more color. Slowly, if not a bit hesitantly, the doctor bridged the gap between himself and the other man, placing his hand on the taller man’s shoulder with a small smile. Sherlock jumped a bit, still not used to physical contact as a human, but he returned the gesture, placing his own hand over his Mate’s, his smirk falling from his lips. His unusual eyes flickered to the face of the older man, exuding an odd scent that made his own nostrils flare.
His Mate was blocking his exit, arms crossed his chest and a scowl on his face. “We’re not going anywhere, Sherlock. We have been told to lie low. To remain home and to not engage the public. Mycroft will get Sherrinford out, and, after that, you can tear into him. But not before.”
, he realized, getting up with a sigh and stalking down the hall to the closed door. Thankfully, the door was not closed tightly and he was able to slide in through the gap in the door.
“I need files of successful patients. The K13 trials. Histories from the Continent. Any information you have regarding Werewolf hate groups.”
“The wolf, at Grandmother and Grandfather’s house in Oxford - When I was five...” She shook her head before looking at his younger brother, dumbfounded. “That was you - I thought I saw you - But you weren’t there any more...And I...I...”
“He’s not out of the woods yet. Basically, I’ve got a transfusion run and the bullet out. The bleeding’s mostly stopped: he’s lucky. The bullet shattered his clavicle and one of the bone fragments nicked his carotid. Now, he needs to heal enough to Shift without doing more damage. It’ll probably be a few days but, knowing Sherrinford, he’ll be fit for the Moon.”
The thought sent a shudder through her. She had known that what her family did was wrong so for long now that taking a stand against them was not a new thought. It was the actual planning and the realization that she was turning against everyone that she had ever loved in her childhood that made blips of regret flare in her mind.
“Stop that, Sherlock!” the doctor giggled like a school girl, “We’re here to enjoy the evening with our family.”
would never,” she said pointedly, “But it is true, one of them takes after his uncles and I am pretty pleased about it, actually.”
He looked about the assembled Pack members, pleased that nearly everyone was here. Mrs. Hudson was really the only absent member as Lestrade was on speaker phone. “What happened?” he asked, his eyes fixed on Mycroft.
John’s laugh joined his own as the door beside them opened to reveal their beautiful daughter, her arms crossed over her chest, looking unimpressed. Her eyebrow was playfully cocked expectantly. “So…what’s going on?”
“Evelyn,” Sherrinford said, summoning more confidence in his voice than the detective felt at the moment, “Darling, I know that you would like to meet some of my patients, yes?”
,” Eddington cut in. “He may be human but he’s our undeniable leader. He’s our vet, our psychologist. Our Alpha. Alpha’s run Packs, that’s what they do.”
“Thank you - for earlier. I appreciate your discretion, as does my brother,” the rich baritone of the wold’s only consulting detective stated.
He wrapped an arm around her shoulders and gave her a one-armed hug. “Believe it or not, Darling, but I think I may have just gotten a date with your Ms. Crowley.”
When he returned to his flat that evening, he was glad that the day was behind him and he was quite grateful for a quiet night and an early return to London in the morning. After all, with the impending birth of the Pups, he’d be needed there.
“Don’t even,” he growled, moving to close the door, “Not every child was lucky enough to be raised by adoring a doting parents, Mycroft.” Not waiting for a response, he closed the door on his insufferable older brother. Bending, he unlocked the doggie door and pulled his t-shirt and jeans off. Kneeling, the floor cool against his skin, he pulled himself toward his four-legged form.
He glanced back at Sherlock who was watching him intently, head cocked slightly to the side out of curiosity, not submission. He smiled, his teeth flashing as he laughed. “Sherlock,” he said again, his rumbling laughter flooding his system. “Everything’s going to be okay, Brother. I promise you.”
. Evelyn and Mrs. Hudson would be cowering in fear by the time the Moon set with him stuck in a confined space and John complaining about it.
How heavenly a combination that was. And how completely distracting. He was drawn to the woman - Imogen Crowley. A beautiful name for a stunning woman. She was intelligent and she seemed to support the Lupus sapiens. She seemed like she was interested in him, at least physically. He could feel his instincts rising as the class wore on.
With a soft sigh, he brushed her hair from her brow and pressed a kiss there tenderly. “I’ll be back, Darling,” he breathed, his breath disturbing the errant ebony curls that framed her face. He turned from the bed and left her private room, his side pulling a bit where the knife had caught him in the ribs two nights previously. It had been relatively shallow but had contained holly oil, making it heal slowly. The stitches, applied by his Alpha’s Mate, itched but he ignored the sensation and the urge to scratch it as he moved into the hallway.
He smiled, his story continuing to fall from his fingers, telling the way of the Wolves for those that would never experience it.
“I’d really like that,” she murmured back, tucking her hair behind her ear, knowing that she was blushing.
With a nod to Sherrinford, he stood and moved off into the rest of the apartment, his steps echoed by those of his younger brother, his mind still on the conversation they had just had. John had told him that she had assumed for some time that his younger sibling was a werewolf. Including him shouldn’t be that difficult - after all, he spent nearly every Full Moon with her. She was quite smart and certainly would have noticed that Willie only came to stay on Full Moon nights and that he and Sherlock had never met or interacted.
). Inhaling slowly, he moved his hands to the right, covering the left twin. The baby instantly began to thrash, whether out of dislike or kinship, he wasn’t sure.
“Something tells me that he’s going to be rather busy for the next month or so. Besides, I haven’t talked to him in over a week,” she replied, feeling a rift open up within her. “I’m not sure that Hunting Sherrinford Holmes is a good idea. He’s now the face of the entire Lupus sapiens species. If he gets killed...”
His curiosity slightly peaked, the detective asked, “What are you studying at this rubbish school that your father insists you attend?”
. He mentally chided his own instinct-driven hope for more in that department and slowly closed the door behind them with a heavy sigh. “We don’t need to stay here tonight. We could leave right now, simply lock ourselves into Baker Street.” He smiled, his lips closed as he look at his mate. The greying man was trembling slightly, his eyes wide. “If we left now, we’d make it before moonrise. Whatever you want to do, John.”
. It was the only place they hadn’t looked. Sherlock, never one to give up the chase, sneezed in an attempt to keep his nose clear as their pace slowed. Sherrinford whined, the sound echoing about them, not pleased to have his nose infiltrated by the rather horrendous stench of human waste.
). The air rushed out of his lungs as the young girl tightened her grip on his neck slightly, her own howl ended.
“A scene unlike any other in Parliament today. Dr. Sherrinford Holmes, the world’s leading expert in Lupus sapiens, revealed the reason behind his success with his patients. I warn you, this can be rather disconcerting to watch.” The image of Sherrinford’s Shift appeared on the screen, the screams of the members of the House of Commons and the House of Lords piercing his ears.
He would be lying if he claimed that he was feeling the same as he had a month ago. That tended to happen when a maniac took a chunk out of your shoulder. While the wound was healing nicely, though he could do without the near constant throb of pain that accompanied it, he had noticed something else. Sherlock, in all his insufferable flaws, was suddenly becoming something more to him than he had ever imagined. The thought of sexual and romantic attraction to the consulting detective was really new and a bit terrifying. After all, Three Continents Watson was entirely straight, thank you very much. He had never found a man that made him more than jealous (And that was usually because the bloke had landed a woman that he had been attracted to).
Again and again, the horrifying images playing and playing across the screen, on every channel. She couldn’t escape it. And she was traumatized. Though not one hundred percent surprised.
“Yes, of course,” he practically growled, “Why did you let him do it?” Rage and terror were rising through him. He curled his fingernails into his palms in an attempt to calm himself.
“What about the child?” he asked, his voice dropping to a whisper, wary about the possibility of a Natural Born resulting from the coupling.
“Don’t call it close.” The transition would not be awful for the detective, he knew. Even less so for Sherrinford, if he decided to Shift at all. He sighed, squinting out through the dim light.
Imogen shot the dark-haired man a rather harsh look, snuggling closer to his youngest sibling in an almost protective manner.
He saw the man nod in his peripheral vision as he shut the door and entered the New Scotland Yard. He kept his strides purposeful, flashing his identification at the desk sergeant, and marching his way into Lestrade’s office. He shut the door behind him with a soft click and turned, umbrella hanging from his arm.
, he flinched, his nose already regretting the coming hours. Pulling a professional smile on his lips and slowing his stride just a tad, he entered the fray.
Never one for simple niceties, his elder sibling simply gave him a small nod, his head tilting to the right as his hand ruffled some of the fur on the top of his head. “Get some rest, Sherrinford. John thinks you’ll be up in a couple of days. We heal fast but you simply heal faster. Maybe, when this is over, I could get some blood? Saliva? For educational purposes, of course.”
He smiled, knowing exactly why the teacher didn’t mind that he was what he was and why she’d want to know more. He also knew that he was lucky that she wasn’t planning on actually taking him out. She was his Mate, he could feel it in his bones. “I’m a very lucky man,” he murmured, “To have such a wonderful niece.”
Lestrade grinned back, obviously very proud of his division’s brightest member. Mycroft remained characteristically aloof, his own eyes watching the Wolf as he continued to sniffle about the piles of athletic items and equipment. Less than a minute later, he heard a soft howl from the far corner where he had placed and partially concealed one of Sherlock’s preserved thumbs.
He really was getting too bloody old for this job. He missed his girls: the youngest was being boarded at school, the eldest was a freshman at university. When Donovan left to marry Anderson and raise their kids four years ago - well, he’d seriously thought of hanging it up.
The dark-haired man responded through the din with something that sounded like, “Don’t get used to it.”
As a Natural Born Wolf, he was just as lean as Sherlock (Thanks, in part, to their shared genetics) but he was taller. He could almost look the girl in the eyes. She was short, of course, just under five feet tall, but it could be intimidating. He slowly folded his legs underneath him and laid down, dropping his ball and nosing it towards her. His tail wagged, curiously.
The doctor released a sigh. “This had better not become a habit because this is the second time I’ve had to pretend to be a vet for him and I’m too old for it.”
John shot him a look, cocking an eyebrow as a hand reached around his back. Nodding once, he pulled his sidearm from his holster. Sherlock glared at his Mate pointedly, sitting to scratch at his collar, jangling the tags and the leash that the doctor still held. “Greg?” the shorter man asked.
“Are you excited, Evy?” the doctor asked from the back seat, looking at his child who could, honestly, barely sit still.
He rose, stalking to the fridge and pulling out a honey-roasted ham. He threw it on the counter and cut into it with gusto. The Moon was in a couple of days and his energy level and hunger were both rising. As he ate, chewing vigorously, he began to work out the semantics of the Moon. He would Shift for the night (
He cleared his throat. “Thank you, Ms. Crowley, for allowing me to sit in on your class today. It was fascinating.”
He smiled, lips pressed firmly together, and clapped his hands together once, getting the attention of all the Wolves. “Thank you for coming, Gentlemen. This is a valiant first step towards finding equality among the populace for the Lupus sapiens. I congratulate you on taking the initiative to undergo this testing. You will be asked to perform individually, so as to eliminate any unnecessary distractions. You will be asked to perform several tasks while Shifted and then be asked to Shift back. Please remember, Gentlemen, that what is being asked of you is built to test you. It will not be easy, as your jobs are not easy. If you do not pass, I ask that you not give up hope. You may try again in the future - in fact, I encourage you to do so! You, Gentlemen, are the future of your people and your Packs. Even your Precincts and the Yard! You are the people that will change the views of the populace for the better. You are the future of your species and for that, you should be very proud. Thank you, please exit and we will begin shortly.”
Standing on his own two legs, a bit shakily from hunger, he found his pajamas and robe on top of the bureau.
“Shur’n-f’rd?” the other man mumbled, blinking tiredly. Sherlock nudged him again. “Sh’lock.” The man’s fingers found the Wolf’s curly ruff and his lips curled into a small smile. His blue eyes, however, quickly returned to the standing vet. With a tight-lipped smile, he offered the ill man a bit of water to help him continue. John accepted, drinking through the straw before murmuring, “I feel…okay. My shoulder’s aching, stiff. I’m a bit hungry. How long...?”
The older man’s smiling face (teeth exposed), met their rather frazzled expressions. John, who’d insisted on coming, pulled his exasperation (probably due to the odd tension that rose between them when the Moon was this close) into a polite smile. “We’re so pleased that you’re here!” his father continued, grabbing their baggage in his age-spotted hands and rushing them both into the house.
The taller, younger man squatted beside the dead man, his hands running along the body in a skilled, measured, and perfected method. “Rigor mortis has set in. He’s been dead-” He paused, inhaling in a sharp sniff, nostrils flaring. “Eight to Ten hours. Wolfsbane, buried among the rubbish, lured him into the alley from the pub where he was attending trivia with his mates. Had gone out for a cigarette - only smokes on New Moons because it’s the one days when things feel ‘normal’, but frequently smoked before that. Noise probably accompanied the wolfsbane - explosion? Some powder residue....”
The twins nodded, each taking one of his hands, and they headed down the hallway. The Wolf, large and chocolate brown, had exited the nursery. He was visibly waiting, head up, ears pricked, just outside the door. Sherlock’s tail gave a small wag, John appearing behind him with a small, uncertain smile on his face. “Hello Lucy! Hello Nate!” he said, his smile broadening as the children approached.
(The lovely thing about Molly was that she never stopped herself from asking a question when she had one. She had no pretenses and she was just a naturally kind soul. A lovely person - one whom he was proud to call Pack)
He slipped into his elder brother’s study, and closed the door until only a sliver remained, enough to stick his muzzle through to escape the room. The Goddess was beginning to rise, he could feel the roiling in his blood, his muscles and bones aching for the release they received with the aid of the Moon. He stripped quickly, folding his clothes neatly and placing them onto a chair. All except his tags, which hung, as they always did, warm against his chest.
“You know her,” Sherlock stated, moving to pick up his violin, keeping an eye on the other man. Sherrinford was still moving as if in a daze, stumbling a bit as he sat down on the sofa. The detective resisted the urge to growl at the action. His sibling was Pack and thus his scent should be allowed in his territory.
“I believe that having me there, as Government liaison, would be prudent,” the man stated, reaching down to nudge his son away from the playpen wall, rubbing small circles between his shoulder blades with a finger. “Unless you feel like my presence will lead to further issues…?”
“True, but the army is in my blood and these remind me of that, every day.” He sat back and took her in with his sparkling blue eyes. “Why are you suddenly so curious about werewolves, Evy? They’re so rare, the odds of you meeting one are slim.”
“All you need is some sleep,” he breathed, giving the woman one last kiss before giving her a gentle push towards the bedrooms. “You’ll feel better in the morning. Sherrinford’s got Thomas settled now and I’ll get Benedict to bed. Go.”
While his search turned up several interesting men, and one rather peculiar woman, he doubted that any of them were the culprit. None of them seemed to go after anything as peculiar as another human being in a pelt. His frustration dissipated as the sound of trudging steps accompanied by the lighter tread of a lighter soul reached his ears.
. If he had had lips, he would have smiled. It was a proud moment, a true welcome into the Pack, and he was the only one that realized it.
He woofed in acknowledgement, his stomach aching with hunger. Shifting and coitus were tiring and required so much energy, his expedited metabolism needed fuel.
The older man smiled and entered the room. Respectfully, he moved back from his brother’s Mate, and rose. “Shall I get the twins?”
Something across the vast wastes of the scrub grass and rock stirred. He smirked as the movement grew clearer, his eyes beginning to pick out two distinct four-legged forms loping easily across the wild, untamed hills. “Welcome back,” he murmured, relief flooding him.
he mentally noted. “.45 caliber bullets from a Sig. Military issue and, unfortunately, not as hard to come by as they should be.”
The man relaxed beneath his heavy body and eventually fell asleep, his fingers wrapped in his thick, wavy fur. Unable to move, for lack of wanting to wake his slumbering Mate, he also settled down to sleep, sighing over John’s scent gland comfortingly.
Regardless, when the clock had crept well into the wee morning hours, he was glad to see the group go into one of the apartment complexes for the human scientists. They would leave in the morning, hopefully carrying reports of how human the Lupus sapiens were and how they truly should be treated as such. Leaving them in the lobby of the building, he sat patiently as men and women filed by, shaking Mycroft’s hand and offering to shake his paw. He consented with a small eye roll. He even let a few of them pet him (after they had asked permission, of course), their tentative but eager hands brushing the top of his head. After the parade had dispersed, he shot his sibling a look, his tongue lolling over his teeth in an exaggerated yawn.
Sherrinford whined, feeling left out. He rested his head on his paws with a sigh. Molly, the woman barely able to move, noticed his actions and gripped the arms of her chair, attempting to hoist herself up. That, in turn, alerted Mycroft, who shot him a rather dark glare. “Molly, Darling,” the man murmured, “Please don’t get up to go get on the ground. Don’t do that to yourself. He can come when he’s ready.”
“Oh.” It was a rather morose and depressed sounding exhale. He squeezed his niece’s arm tightly, drawing her into his side.
“That’s doable, Greg,” the young Wolf said cheerfully. “But you were right: We can’t train them on Full Moons for a few obvious reasons. They work when they’re human, or as human as possible.
The older woman must have answered because he heard two very distinct sets of footsteps ascending the stairs to 221C: one determined and driving, relentless and obviously belonging to his mate; the other steady and slow, accompanied by the creak of the railing, belonging to his daughter’s honorary grandmother.
“You can’t be putting holes in the walls, Sherlock!” the soldier insisted, standing beside the bed with his arms crossed. “There are people in the next room!”
“Oh, yes,” he said, still smiling, “I’ve heard so much about your wonderful family that I feel like I know them already!”
“Great!” the man replied, “I’m heading back into London from Baskerville and I was wondering if I could stop by? Go over the plan and figure out a date that could work?”
The light that streamed into the darkened chamber came from the two windows. One hung above him on the wall, leaving a square, cut and bisected by what he knew to be metal bars over impenetrable glass, of sunlight on the floor. The second was smaller still. It was the observatory window in the heavy, iron and silver door to his home. His cell.
“When did they arrive?” John asked, ever the doctor and the conversationalist. Everything about the babies’ arrivals was easily readable in Sherrinford’s sunken eyes and slightly hunched shoulders.
“Welcome,” he intoned, raising his hands to quiet the hushed conversations. “Thank you all for coming. I am glad to see so many people here.” The eyes of seven Turned Wolves, twenty officers, Lestrade, and his brothers and their Mates focused on him. “To reiterate what is about to happen: Sherrinford and Imogen will enter the building. Both are wearing cameras and Sherrinford has a wire. When he Shifts and Imogen moves to strangle him, we move in. Arrest people first, especially if they are encouraging the discrimination of the Lupus sapiens, or worse, encouraging the Kill-” A chorus of growls greeted that statement. “If this gets violent, which it might considering the number of transformed Wolves we have here tonight, please watch your Bites, gentlemen, and officers, do not shoot to kill. This raid is a covert government operation. Remember that.”
Her uncle sat, giving her a sharp nod and a quick smile before turning back to her teacher. “Alright class,” the young woman said, still flushed from her uncle’s attentions, “You heard the expert: Opening arguments please.”
The room, a sitting room complete with chairs and end tables, had blood splattered on the walls, painting their light blue paint with scarlet drops. The carpet, an old, moth-eaten Parisian rug had been a light blue and brown pattern, was now a deep navy, soaked with blood. The body that was sprawled in the middle of the room was relatively young, only mid-thirties by his estimate. He had been shot twice: Once in the chest and once in the head.
The Wolf sniffed, knowing that he was alone with the body and the two men that knew his secret. Instantly, an eyebrow cocked. “John,” he said standing again and stepping back from the body, nostrils flared, head swinging back and forth, “Tell me what you think.”
“Sherlock.” John’s voice gave him pause and he turned, doing nothing to cover his impatience. The doctor continued, “Everything is going to be fine. Two Pups, Sherlock. It’s pretty amazing, and you have a right to be proud.”
The man picked up his napkin and wiped the offending mustard away even though she was certain his tongue could have done it just as easily. “It’s absolutely delicious, Imogen. Thank you so much for cooking.”
“As fascinating as this is, Dr. Holmes,” the fat, old man was speaking again, looking a bit too smug for his liking, “What you’re doing currently is illegal. Addendum sixty-three from 2017 states: A Lupus sapiens is not permitted to Shift in public as the sight of it is grotesque and horrendous, something that I believe everyone here will second. I hate to put an end to your informative session, but…you’re under arrest.”
The baby began to whimper and shiver, his face screwing up unhappily. His form twisted, replaced by his considerably more helpless body. The doctor looked a bit out of his league, his face surprised. “Oh, hello!”
“If I can’t let my guilt eat away at me, then you cannot let it happen either, Mycroft.” His eyes latched on the older man’s pair, noting the distinct redness about the edges. “Our secrets can still be exposed through you.”
. “I wasn’t expecting to see you, Eddington,” he stated, taking the seat beside the werewolf and sitting upright with his chin raised, trying to carry some guise of power within the room.
. As would Sherrinford, without a doubt. The thought made him happy. It had been a while since they had truly run together without the fear of being caught.
Lestrade pulled out his walkie and began to bark orders. “We need medics. STAT. Sewage tunnel at the corner of Lexington and Brixton on the Thames. We’ll need a transfusion ready. We’ll also need a coroner and a body bag - We got the bastard.”
Her classmates murmured their consent or nodded. A few rolled their eyes, obviously not thrilled with the topic. Her professor took their responses as a show of understanding and continued. “Before we begin to examine the law itself, we need to look at the werewolves themselves. Their scientific classification is
He shrugged, unzipping the small duffle that he’d packed and pulling out his rather small amount of clothing and toiletries. He did not plan on spending more time than necessary making conversation with the people that had raised him. A hand, warm and calloused, touched his shoulder tenderly. “We’ll go out tonight. After dinner, if you want,” John murmured, knowing how the memories made this house hard for him to live in it for long periods of time.
She laughed at him, knowing full well that it was his time and their collective stomachs that she was saving. He cooked when it was necessary (
Sherlock was being reasonable - for once. He had insisted on a display of dominance, one which he had initiated, wanting to get it over with before going to greet the young woman in the living room. No need to scare her with theatrics, not tonight anyway.
“Actually,” the teen said, flushing and scuffing her toe along the pavement, “I have been wanting to ask you something. About Mates.”
John shrugged, looking worried, his eyes darting between the Wolf and his child. The detective continued, “That is such a small bit of our history. I don’t truly see why you should be wasting your time researching something that you and your classmates will never witness.
The director of Torchwood, the main transformation center for the K13s, a man named Edward Palbury, did not know what it was like to live as a Wolf or to even contain something other within himself. He was a government official, chosen to head the position because of the years he had spent as a member of the military science division. Due to his background, that was how he ran his facility and the policemen appreciated it for that - most of the time. The Wolves, however, did not.
Hospitals, even one that had been modified for his own patients, were not places he enjoyed. The location of this one, while slightly comforting, also set him on edge. But, in truth, he did not know what the man lying on the bed would do. What could become of him.
wrong with her,” his younger sibling shot back defensively, “Her family is the leading group of Hunters in the U.K. She distanced herself years ago but, due to her closeness to me, and my recent act of quote ‘stupidity,’ they’ve told her to take me out.”
“Ready?” he asked, stretching in all his naked glory under the glow of the nearly full Moon and the backyard light. He grinned at his mate even as the man shifted on his feet nervously, his hands shoved into his pockets and his eyes trying to look anywhere but directly at him. A pink flush spread across the soldier’s cheeks as his heart thrummed and the scent of arousal perforated the air around him. Catching John’s rather blatant stare at his abdominals and his happy trail (and his impressive package beneath that), he grinned. “John.”
. His stomach sank. His newborns, one human, the other a natural born Wolf, terrified him. He loved them both, but Thomas...well, he was not at all prepared to raised a Lupus sapiens. He could understand his parents’ willingness to relinquish guardianship of Sherrinford to their great-uncle twice removed, especially when he saw how his son reacted to his brothers. It was as if he were
His younger brother, probably scenting his anticipation, gave him a small smile and a sharp nod. “Of course.”
He watched the dark head nod once before the man squatted again, his nose mere inches from the ground. “What is it, Sherlock?”
“Let’s take a look at the outdoor enclosures,” the older man said, opening the door to the flat. Pouring on his speed, he launched himself past the slow-moving humans and into the hallway beyond. His feet skidded a bit on the linoleum but he caught himself before his rather large lupine nose hit the floor. The air seemed a bit freer out here and his heart slowed to a significantly slower pounding pace than it had been seconds before he gulped pants of ‘clear’ air.
The cab ride was silent. John was tired and nervous. Evelyn was beaming and excited. He was...well, he was also a bit anxious, though he’d never admit it out loud. He had never thought, even after the Bite, that his life would have come to this. His unconventional Pack seemed to become more conventional by the day, the count up to three Lupus Sapiens, two of which were Natural Born, and eight humans (plus his parents who didn’t quite fit but could never be truly excluded). For a once solitary creature, it was disconcerting to have so much power and responsibility over twelve people (as John was his equal, he could not be counted as one that he had any power over and he knew from experience, that John would simply do that he wanted anyway).
Whether it was because of his authority, it was known that he occupied a minor position in the government, or Sherlock’s terrifying snarl, the crowd dispersed. “Yes,” he replied, brushing a bit of his hair back into place, “The morgue it is.”
“No,” he breathed, rising from his cross-legged position on the floor, striding to the screen, his eyes widening. “
The Wolf bounded into them, filling them with warmth and love as his front legs wrapped around her shoulders. His tongue ran up her cheek and into her hairline as he rumbled deep in his chest. “Let’s get inside,” she murmured, her fingers winding through her lover’s thick, coppery fur.
“People finding out about us and making us leave town. Every once in a while, we’d stay with a Pack that had Pups and I would have playmates but then I was sent to boarding school when I was younger than you and I had to hide who and what I was.” He smiled softly. “I hope that, one day soon, Thomas and any other Pups that are born will not have to hide who and what they are like I did.”
Not wanting to wrinkle his suit, much less get it all slobbery by sticking it into his mouth as he trotted through the waking streets, he took a cab, his leg bouncing nervously. He closed his eyes and inhaled slowly through his nose, releasing it in a rush of air from his mouth. The sensation was calming but, as he thought about what he was going to tell Imogen, his nerves rose back up. After all, he had a nephew he had to think about now and, whether he wanted to be with the human woman or not, Pack always came first.
He reached upwards, grabbing his Mate’s hand and pulling him back down onto the mattress. John landed with a thump and a surprised laugh. He silenced the greying man with a firm but tender kiss.
“Yes,” he murmured with a soft smile. “Remembering that one of your new brothers is like me is important. You cannot let him bite you.”
. John did too and so the other man didn’t grace him with a reply. He rose rapidly, needing to do something to keep his mind from nothing. He snatched his laptop from his desk and threw himself unceremoniously onto the leather cushion of his arm chair. He searched his website, which had so little activity on it he wondered why he continued to update it. After all, as John had repeatedly reminded him, no one wanted to read about how to tell whether the fur on someone’s sofa was because of a dog, cat, hamster, or Lupus sapiens.
“Which means that Mycroft, who had obviously tried to protect his long-lost younger brother through his Law, will be completely free to show them around.” Sherlock nodded, understanding. “I hope it works.”
Gathering his courage and tapping into his inner Alpha, Sherrinford Holmes, Natural Born Wolf, stood before his patients and fellow Lupus sapiens. Some smiled, teeth sheathed. Others growled, teeth flashing. He raised his hands in part surrender as well as a means to quiet the men and their assembled family and friends that rode out the Moon with them.
Praying that she was given some shred of privacy tomorrow when she was in with the man, she readied herself for bed and a rather uneasy night’s sleep.
“They are similar.” He dug into his pocket, feeling the worn and weathered leather before pulling it out along with his pair of tags. His younger sibling did the same, his tags jangling merrily. “Only a close inspection would reveal the differences.”
He wasn’t at all surprised to get called into the New Scotland Yard the following day. He hadn’t wanted to leave Molly, who was exhausted and frazzled, but with a bit of pushing from his wife and his younger brother, he had found himself in a car on his way to the station. He knew that he was the one going because he was the only one that ‘knew about the Wolves.’ It was his Law after all.
The twins became solemn and nodded. He made a mental note to get them to come out of their shells a bit more. He did not need to be
John reclined, propped against Sherlock’s furry side, a hand playing through the light curl of his underbelly. Evelyn had warmed up to him (
Lestrade couldn’t suppress his chuckle, even as he bit his lower lip to keep it in. “They’re not silver or wood, if that’s what you mean.” He shook his head, ignoring Sherlock’s incredulous glare and barely masked snarl.
Molly was staring at him, of that he was certain, her hand pressed over the Pup that rested inside her protectively. Mycroft’s eyes softened. “Nathaniel, Lucy,” he murmured, “That man is gone. And only one of the men was not able to make a full recovery. None of them were eaten. And there aren’t going to be any wolves that are going to come and eat you. Those are just stories to scare children into behaving.”
“Not yet,” he replied. “But it is part of his training that he learns to be in control of his instincts and that includes biting.” The twins nodded their understanding. “Also,” he continued, “There is one other Lupus sapiens here. He is friendly and he loves you very much.”
The car was not helping matters careening around corners and dodging pedestrians. He kept losing his grip on his brother as he was thrown across the back of the car, slamming into a door with a yelp of his own. Struggling against centripetal force, he applied his weight to the wolf’s wound again, earning him another howl. “Stay with me, Brother,” he commanded, applying more force to the wound, noting that his suit jacket was almost completely soaked through.
“Yes. That should be fine,” he replied, through gritted teeth. He was a Wolf, after all, and he was beginning to feel very trapped. Trapped animals were the most dangerous.
“It’ll be fine,” the British government murmured, steering him away from the entrance. “Let’s go over these files.”
“That’s it then?” he asked feeling dismissed and fearful. The seed that Sherlock had planted took a firm root in his mind.
“Because, if what you’re saying is true, you can help me. I know that this is a large ask, Imogen, but...the killer, the Hunter who has been shooting Wolves on the New Moon, is a murderer. He needs to be brought to justice and I intend to do that. For that, I will need your help.” He paused, allowing his statement to sink in.
“What!?” her husband said, sitting up quickly, his hands flying to her stomach. “They’re coming? You’re certain?”
John, for once, obeyed, clicking the device off and moving to sit beside him on the couch, one of his strong hands coming to rest on his knee.
Right now, however, his youngest sibling was standing near the car park, beaming like a loon. He pulled the car up in his usual spot and, before he had even parked the car, Evelyn jumped out, running into her youngest Uncle’s open arms.
When morning dawned, bright and crisp, he was glad that he hadn’t found another case the previous day. Before eight in the morning, nearly before his first cup of coffee (Black, two sugars), the police car arrived. When Lestrade’s footsteps had reached the landing, he was already out his door. Barely stopping on the stairs, he asked, “Where?”
With a sharp huff, the consulting detective was first into the tunnel, followed quickly by his younger sibling. The pair was quickly swallowed up by the darkness, only the sound of their trot through the runny waste punctuating their location. It was rather disgusting, slogging through muck and seeped into your shoes and soaked your trousers. At least he had that barrier - the Wolves were doing this in bare feet, the coats on their underbellies filling with it. St. Pierre was a real genius for choosing to run through here. No one in their right minds would follow him.
It was difficult to imagine that his life was so different from what he’d thought it’d be when he’d returned to England eight years ago. Not that he was complaining in the slightest. He felt that he was doing good, atoning for the glaring misdeed that he had committed so early into his tenure on English soil, and he found that he really enjoyed helping people.
John let out a tense breath, stroking his hand over Hamish's back, murmuring quietly to him to keep him asleep. He closed his eyes tightly, sucking in a deep breath and letting it out slowly, forcing himself to be calm.
Katherine sniffed, then nodded, snuggling close to John. "Understand, Papa," she said quietly, looking over at Sherlock. "M’sorry Daddy...jus'excited about going to the park with Papa." Sherlock let out a breath, then nodded.
John glanced over at Sherlock, his eyebrows raised. "Composed? As in music? What did you play?" He had played the clarinet in primary school, but he had quite forgotten how by now. Part of him wished he still remembered.
Sherlock's stomach clenched, and he instantly felt small again. He shook himself a little. "I need to find you.... John, please..." he said.
Sherlock let out another breath. "You worked all day... don' have to do this," he murmured. "Unless you're reviewing musculature for your test..." he quipped.
in his chair, his head propped up on his hand, his breaths steady and slow. Christ, John couldn't remember a time when he had seen Sherlock sleep in the middle of the day that wasn't during his heat.
Sherlock shook his head lightly. "No... I remember a dream but... only that it was a dream, nothing else," he said, nuzzling against John's chest and tilting his head up to nip at John's jaw gently. He still felt the heat, it hadn't gone away yet, and he knew he was in for more; hopefully the worst was behind though. "I am sorry... for scaring you," he murmured, sighing softly. "What was that you said at the flat before though... feels like ages ago." Though of course... it had been. "Something about… every surface?" he murmured, kissing John's chest. He estimated roughly twenty minutes to the next wave, already feeling a slight cramp.
Sherlock smiled a little, pressing a chaste kiss to John's mouth. "Least I can do," he murmured. "I'm not as warm now, you'd get cold," he said, tugging John gently over to the bed. "You need more sleep though; I can stay with you, wouldn't mind a thinking lie down," he said with a smile.
John let out a soft groan, pushing himself up and scrubbing a hand through his hair. "Right, yeah. 'Kay." He slowly stood up, grabbing his knife and then a couple pieces of the crib before starting down the stairs. "Come on, then. Let's get this put together so that I can snuggle with you til the kids get home."
. And now you're telling me that he's built something new and moved on? No, I refuse to accept that. Where have you been his whole life? Don't you remember his habit of going into his head when he can't accept things? He's hiding in a reality that he created as punishment for himself, and he is going to stay there until he's ripped from it. It's a slow process, and it hurts like a bitch, but I am
"John... Watson..." John turned when he heard a distinctly American voice say his name, and found himself staring at a taller man with reddish brown hair, holding a pair of dog tags dangling between his fingers. "That's what these say. And your rank, and your platoon, and that you're a doctor. But your name..." The man lunged forward, wrapping his fingers in John's hair and yanking his head back so that it slammed against the wall. "Where have I heard it before?"
"What should we do for her birthday, Sherlock?" he asked, looking over at him. "Marble cake, probably, with chocolate frosting, but... what else?"
Sherlock hummed, relaxing at the firm pressure tracing along his back in just... the right places. He winced as John hit a knot, then sighed as he started to work at it. "Mm I know..." he murmured. "Bound to happen... the company is on rotation, she's home for a while now," he said, shutting his eyes. He felt himself sink into the bed more as he relaxed, starting to drift off mid conversation. "Mmm... s'nice," he slurred, a soft snore escaping him as he fell asleep right after that.
Sherlock nodded. "Okay," he said, continuing to eat his chicken and rice. He finished soon enough, putting some money on the table and leaning against John, resting his head on his shoulder.
"And yeah, she does that. The whole ‘knowing’ thing. We could never lie around her. It was seriously irritating," John chuckled, closing his eyes and remembering it.
Sherlock blinked a few times when he felt a hand close around his fingers, and he looked at their hands, then up at John. He let out a breath, swallowing before looking at the bed. He wasn't sure what to do, or think, but before he could try to do so, his mouth was already moving, factual as ever while he tried to sort out his... feelings.
John shook his head, not knowing what to say. "It's all routine over there, Harry," he said quietly, pushing unsteadily to his feet. "The only thing I'm going to lose is time." He held a hand out for his sister. "We should get back downstairs." He didn't want to talk about the desert. He had managed not to talk about it for over three years, and he didn't want to start now.
Mindy chuckled, folding her hands in her lap. "You know you don't mind. It's not like I haven't read all of it anyway," she teased, then held up her hands at John's horrified look. "I haven't; I'm just joking. Calm down, child."
She led them down the hall, the nurse carrying Katherine ahead of them, walking into a room and setting her down in a cot. Sherlock was lying in a bed, asleep, cleaned up more with a fresh drip bag. "He's fine as I said, just lost a bit more blood than I would have liked. He should wake soon, see if you can get him to feed her. We prefer first feeding to be from the parent, infants don't take to it if they had a bottle first," she said. "If he doesn't then we'll just do formula; she needs to eat," she said gently, squeezing John's arm. "I'll be back in a little bit." She left then, and soon after Katherine started wailing again.
John turned, leaning back against the windowsill. "Morning," he said, shaking his head a little. "I wanted to stay home with you today, make sure you're alright," he said, which was most of it.
John groaned as he read the message, not for the first time wondering how in the hell Sherlock did that. He was already through his first pint and had ordered another.
. Sherlock was his, definitely his. He buried his fingers in the Omega's hair, pounding into Sherlock until his rapidly swelling knot was buried in him. He moved his hand, stroking Sherlock's length until he broke apart, shaking and clenching around John, who joined him with a low moan, pressing his forehead against Sherlock's shoulders.
Sherlock nodded again. "Together then," he said, looking up at John and holding out the watch. "He told me to study this... and then called me a whelp, but that doesn't really pertain much to the investigation," he explained.
Sherlock nodded, shaking the doctor's hand. "I trust you to tell us on one of your visits when he can do more things, until then he will be staying in bed." he said with a nod. He worked on containing his excitement as he pulled on his coat and started pushing John from the room and down the hall to the lift. As soon as the door closed he grinned widely. "We're going home."
Sherlock felt his ears warm a little, smiling softly. "Of course," he said. "You need it," he said quietly with a small shrug. He settled back against the headboard and snuggled closer to John. "Can't have you sick forever, can we? Don't you have work today?" he asked. "I can call in for you," he offered.
Sherlock blinked a couple times, a tear breaking out past his eyes. He nodded, taking John's hand and holding it close against his face. "Good...just don't do it first," he murmured quietly. "I'm sorry for dying before, and I'll never do it again I promise...promisepromisepromise," he breathed, relaxing a little.
Sherlock looked at John steadily, swallowing. "You're still John, my mate. And still very much my Alpha," he said, tilting his neck up to show the bit of bruising that was still there from when he wouldn't let go of Hamish. Still the only person that could have gotten me to give him up. “What I see...is that you're hurt, and that I want to help you, but I know that it's hard for you. And that as much as I want to crawl into that bed and let you hold me, so you know that I'm still yours...you might not want me to."
Sherlock tensed when the door was opened and he blinked a couple times seeing, Dr Maria. He looked at her, flushing furiously when she mentioned that to him and he hid his face. "Oh god..." he said, embarrassed. "And thank you... not dead... working... government," he mumbled into his hands.
Sherlock shifted on the bed, writhing a little, the towel likely a mess now. He was covered in sweat and hated it. "S'hot... sh-shower," he said shakily, pushing himself up. He knew John likely wanted a break; it had to be hard for him. He groaned as he sat up, dragging himself and the damp towel off the bed and quickly moved into the bathroom, shutting the door a little bit before he climbed into the shower. He was panting a little when he turned on the water, keeping it slightly cool, which felt nice against his skin.
Sherlock looked down, snuggling close to John. "There are ways to fix that a lot of the time... therapies," he murmured quietly. Sherlock let out a breath, loving having John just... hold him. "John, I know... I know it's usually something Betas do... since they don't create bonds like Alphas and Omegas can, but..." he hesitated a little, looking up at him. "When you're better and this blows over... do you think, maybe, you'd want to get married?" he asked quietly. His face warmed; it was unusual for bondmates to get married. It was seen something trivial and extra, but John had a mark on Sherlock to say he was his... Sherlock wanted that too... and wanted to put a ring on John.
Next, he checked every occupied cell. Many had pictures tape to the outside walls while others were playing sounds of music and the telly over their intercom systems. Clothing was left inside the cells, filling them with the scents of home, family, human food, anything that they had come into contact with over the last day or so. Everything was arranged as usual, families and friends in place and comfortable for their long night. Pack enclosures were opened and Pack members greeting one another after a month-long separation.
“Why are you getting so worked up about this Uncle Sherlock?” Her voice was quiet, breaking his tirade.
A loud voice drifted from a seat to his right, causing his ears and wedge-shaped head to swivel in that direction. An older, balding man with white hair and a pot-belly was glaring at him as he spoke. “You claim to be born into the body you’re now inhabiting. I know for a fact that the Turned Wolves are not as comfortable. It’s stated in your very own report, Dr. Holmes. Is not placing them someplace where they can’t harm others while they, shall we say,
His finger slid the conversation to an end, releasing a heavy sigh as he did so. His eyes drifted from the device to his wall of clippings and string.
). His bright blue eyes turned then to John, whom he greeted heartily with a hand shake and a light head tilt.
“Why, thank you, Brother Dear,” the statesman said, a hint of pride in his voice, “Two more boys: Benedict Marlow and Thomas Olivier. We would like the...Pack Alpha...to welcome them to the family before Mummy and Father arrive from the country.”
The second child, Thomas, began to thrash in his blankets. He jumped back, startled as Mycroft tensed. “I’ve got him,” his youngest sibling murmured, taking the babe and sitting, cross legged on the floor. “We’re unstable for the first couple of years.”
He woke when the sun hit him, stretching in through the window and across the navy sheets. He stretched again, enjoying the slide of the cotton against his skin before he rolled from the bed. His nephew’s alarm clock told him that it was midmorning. Only 10:38.
He gave him a small smile. “Evelyn had a nightmare and I comforted her. As Sherlock did for you last night.” He sighed, seeing that the other man was still defensive (
The Wolf released a small woof, his eyes watching his every move as his hands dexterously removed the soiled bandages and he examined the wound. “This looks like it’s healing well. You may be able to Shift back tomorrow!” He grinned as the Lupus sapiens’ tail wagged faster. “Let’s put some new bandages on this and you’ll be all set for tonight. Feel free to take a walk in the yard maybe…get out and stretch your legs. No running. Walking only.”
"Different to be on the other side of things, isn't it?" John teased suddenly, running his hand over Sherlock's back and poking his ribs.
Sherlock was draped on the sofa, thinking quietly as he heard the two of them playing. He looked over at them, smiling a bit as he sat up. That was Katherine's first word: Papa... John. He sighed a little, watching the two of them.
Lucian was on him in and instant, fisting his hand in John's hair and slamming his head into the floor before he hauled the arm doctor up and threw him over the edge of the bed. "You," Lucian panted, putting weight on his palm so that the side of John's face pressed into the mattress, "do not get to disobey me."
Sherlock hummed, tracing John's lips with his tongue, taking in his familiar taste. He nuzzled back against him, not feeling this relaxed in years. "Mm... Alright. That will be fun for her," he murmured. He knew there was a small bit of flu going about these days. "She has her shots?" he asked. "She's so big... a small, little person now... and I missed it," he said regretfully, glancing up at John. "But John, I... we're free now," he said, looking up at him. "No more Moriarty or any of his men looking for us; we're safe," he said, wanting John to know that they wouldn't have to be afraid anymore.
"Hang on Katty," John murmured, setting his hand on her lap. He looked up at Sherlock, his brow furrowing a little at the hesitancy in his expression. "What did it say?" he asked quietly.
Sherlock hummed, his arm still wrapped over John. His brow furrowed a little, and he blinked his eyes open, looking at John. "Mhm... got hungry," he mumbled quietly, looking at the scar on John's left shoulder, nearly parallel to the one on Sherlock's right, though his was covered with his shirt. He let out a breath. "How..." he yawned. "How do you feel?" he asked.
John smiled, understanding the sentiment behind the offer. He took the jumper from Sherlock and pulled it on above dark blue jeans. "Thanks, love," he smiled, walking up to him, standing on his toes to kiss him higher on his cheek, his hand on his chest to steady himself. "I like this colour on you," he murmured, tugging at the collar as he dropped down on his heels.
"Don't bother," Mindy said with a smile before John could say a word. “I know what you got him for Christmas. Harry helped you find it, so naturally I was in the loop." She smiled, releasing Katherine when she wiggled to get free. "Pack her a bag and then you two boys go on and head out. Enjoy some time to yourselves; I know you haven't had any yet."
John pushed Sherlock back, closing the toilet lid and then forcing him to sit down on it. He quickly straddled Sherlock's lap, tilting his chin up and kissing him slowly, distracting him for a moment until he knew he had his attention.
John was a little surprised to be dragged back to bed, but he didn't resist as Sherlock curled up next to him. He frowned slightly at what Sherlock was telling him, wrapping his arms around his slightly shaking form and holding him tightly. "Shh, love," he whispered, kissing his forehead and nuzzling against his hair. "Why didn't you tell me?" he asked, stroking his hand gently down his back. "I could have done something, helped you."
Sherlock took the pills and glass from John and swallowed them down, glancing over at John. "What if I do get pregnant John?" he asked. "I won't fit into my suits, let alone a tux. I'm not getting married in stretchy elastic trousers." he said. "And...who said we'd be dancing?" he asked, looking down at his feet. He couldn't dance.
"I've got you," John whispered, and he felt that it was entirely true. He had Sherlock... who else did he need? "I'm almost not sure that I even want to go see them. I mean, I do, and I will, but... it's been four years and eleven months. I'm not..."
John nodded, reaching for Sherlock's hand. "I know, love. I'm just asking you to trust me, like you've done for nearly a year now." He smiled up at him, cupping his cheek with his free hand for a moment. "I'm not going to let anything happen."
Sherlock looked up at John. "Do they know? That we were in hospital almost a month ago? That I was shot?" he asked.
John kissed Sherlock steadily, controlled, and reached over to the drawer of his nightstand, rooting around until he found the lubricant. He coated his fingers, then slowly started stretching Sherlock open, paying special and close attention to his slightly swollen prostate. He grinned as he worked, knowing he was just going to deny Sherlock again this time as well.
"Of course I let you fall asleep," John said, furrowing his eyebrows at Sherlock. "You needed the rest." He pushed to his feet, catching Sherlock's fingers for a moment as he walked into the bedroom to grab his bag. He took one more look around the room before turning sharply away and briskly walking down the hall.
"Medical history, John," Sherlock mumbled. "They'll want to know about my drug abuse," he said, scratching his arm a little. He polished off his toast then got up, wandering into the living room, rummaging in the desk for his nicotine patches.
John lifted Sherlock's hips a little, aiming his thrusts until he was hitting Sherlock's prostate dead on. He grinned, his knot already swelling, which was ridiculously fast for him. Reaching over with one hand, he started stroking Sherlock, rolling his thumb over the head until he knew if he waited any longer that he wouldn't be able to get his knot in. He thrust deep into Sherlock, holding himself still as he came, managing to keep stroking Sherlock through it.
He hadn’t eaten in four days, making him docile, and he was exhausted. So, by the time they dragged him onto the stage, he just stood there, looking out over the crowd, waiting, because it would happen.
Sherlock stammered a little, glancing at the door. Why was it taking so bloody long to make tea? He looked down, letting out a breath. "Like you said, perfectly normal to be afraid. That's all it is, nothing more," he said.
"You're welcome, love," John replied, smiling a little as he led Sherlock home. He kept his eyes out for any other Alphas that would be a potential threat, but he saw none. Pulling his keys from his pocket, he unlocked the door, pushing it open and gesturing Sherlock inside first before closing the door behind them.
Mindy walked up, taking her granddaughter into her arms and bouncing her gently, running her finger across the edge of her cheek. She looked up at John, who nodded. Katherine Nicole. "Suiting name," Mindy murmured, playing with the pup's waving fist. "Yes, hello to you, too, little Katherine," she whispered, smiling down at her. "Bout time you came out of there. You were getting a bit big, weren't you, little one?"
John cried harder. "No-no physical. One week, then on a plane," he said between his sobs, leaning back into Sherlock's arms and trying to stop his cries. He turned around in Sherlock's arms, burying his face in his neck and wrapping his arms around Sherlock's neck. "I love you so much," he whispered, clinging to him.
John was pleased when Sherlock returned to his lap, concerned that he was keeping his gaze down until he finally looked up. John's breath hitched. He rolled them over quickly, staring down at Sherlock, gulping down how he looked. The black around his eyes pulled out every colour in his irises. His pupils were dark, his lips parted in a bit of a smirk. He looked dangerous, deadly, and in complete control of himself.
John grimaced, but he kept eating. "Not going to be a problem, I don't think," he answered, wolfing down the first half of his sandwich and starting on the other.
It didn't register that the car they slid into was one of Mycroft's until it had already pulled away and Sherlock saw the carnation petals on the floor. He rubbed his nose, resting his head on John's shoulder.
Sherlock moaned again, rocking a bit faster on John. God, it was perfect. "H-have to... m-make time... next time," he said, sinking up and down onto him. He looked down at John, breathing a little heavily, and reaching up to trace John's features lightly with his fingertips.
Sherlock sighed, "But..." this bed smelled of Katherine. He nodded once and sat up. "We should set up Hamish's crib first. I only didn't because you were sleeping."
"Mrs. Hudson," John called down the stairs. "Can you let my mother in, please?" There was a pause before he heard the landlady answer that she would. He didn't want to leave Sherlock alone right now, not when he was being so defensive. "Love," he whispered soothingly, walking over to him. "Nothing's going to happen to them, and you'll be getting them back," he promised, carding his fingers gently through Sherlock's hair. "Katty, will you go get your boots on, please?" he asked calmly, glaring at Sherlock until he released her. "They want to go, love. It's alright. You need this and so do they."
Sherlock watched Angelo walk away and sighed a little, looking around the restaurant a bit. "I wonder if Mycroft ever gets bored," he murmured. "Though admittedly he's not watching us personally, but he probably reads reports. I expect I'll get a text any time now about my appointment," he murmured.
He shivered, pushing away from his brother though his efforts of freeing himself became weakened after a moment, limbs feeling heavy.
Sherlock sighed, nodding a little. "Alright..." he murmured. "You want them, though... don't you?" he asked, looking at him steadily. "Would it make you happier?" he asked, biting his lip a little. He didn't want John so upset, and haunted anymore. He knew it had only been a handful of days, but it almost hurt Sherlock in a way he couldn't understand seeing John like that.
"God, I love you too, Sherlock," John breathed. "So very much." His thrusts sped up, though he kept his movements gentle and easy. He grazed his teeth along Sherlock's collarbone, intent on making this as good for him as it should have always been. "You're so amazing," he murmured, his voice mixing with a moan as Sherlock moved with him. "I'm so lucky to have met you."
He jerked awake nearly four hours later, screaming out Sherlock's name, gripping the sheets in tight fists. He gulped down cold hospital air as his body shook down from the nightmare, his rib arguing at the sudden movement. He glanced over to his left, surprised to see Sherlock there, looking startled awake but still under a few effects of anaesthesia. "Sorry," John murmured, sinking back down onto the mattress, knowing it wouldn't take too long for a nurse to rush in and check on them.
Sherlock sighed, running his fingers over his wrists, which were mostly healed, save for the area he'd picked at.
John was on his feet as soon as he heard movement, and he winced when he heard the obvious sounds of retching.
Sherlock tugged on John's hair again. "I know... that's the tragic irony in it. I hate it... and lo-Ove it," he said, voice hitching slightly as John brushed his prostate again. "You're a bad man..." he breathed, a small smile on his face.
It was four weeks later, and Sherlock's birthday had gone exactly as planned. John and Katherine had given Sherlock his scarf, and they had gone to Angelo's for an early dinner. He had spent the night worshiping Sherlock's body. A week later, they had visited Sherlock's parents' graves, leaving Kat with Mrs. Hudson, because they didn't think that she was old enough to understand yet. The next day they had repeated the process, going to visit Stephen's grave. John didn't get upset anymore, but he still felt duty-bound to visit his fallen brother.
John smiled at Katherine, rubbing her back and taking the picture. "It's beautiful, Katty. You're a very good artist." He watched her and Sherlock for the next few minutes before there was a knock on the door and Molly walked in.
Sherlock gasped when John took over the strokes on his length, and lost it a moment later, finishing with a small cry, John's shirt getting a bit spoiled. He let out a breath, leaning back on John's knees, panting and trying to catch his breath. "Holy...
Sherlock hummed, opening his eyes when he realised that was the first time she had called him Daddy directly, other than when she first said Dada the day he left. Sherlock blinked a few times, then heard the retching. "You wait here Katty girl," he said, touching her head lightly and slowly moving into the bathroom. His side didn't hurt nearly so much now with the painkillers. "John?" he asked, stepping inside.
John let out a short breath, situating Sherlock on his side in front of the fireplace. He grabbed the pillows from the bed and brought them down, tucking one under Sherlock's head and curling up behind him. He brushed the heel of his hand quickly over his cheeks, wiping off a couple of stress tears that had fallen. "You're going to give me ulcers again," he muttered to deaf ears as he stared at the flames over Sherlock's shoulder.
"Thank you," John murmured, brushing his fingers through Sherlock's hair. "I'm going to need to run to the store soon. We're in need of groceries. I'm assuming you're going to stay here and continue thinking?" he asked, leaning forward to kiss Sherlock's forehead, nuzzling against his hairline.
John lowered his eyes for a moment, looking down at what Sherlock couldn't see, the cuts and bruises, the mottled skin and burn marks that wouldn't go away for awhile. "Everything," he whispered, finally raising his eyes, and there were tears in them. "They killed my friends in front of me. Decapitation. They electrocuted me, cut me, hit me, starved me, dehydrated me, suffocated me. Dislocated some of my joints. Broke my toes. Burned me." He shook his head, too much pain coming forth from talking about it.
"No, you're right. It hasn't been that long – not even a year." John sighed, looking up at his sister. "I went with a friend of mine to an auction – he wanted to buy an Omega; I was just there to keep him company – and as soon as we got there I just knew something wasn't right about the place. All of the Omegas were coming out with bruises or forming bruises and they were still being bought. And then... Sherlock was brought up. He was..." John shook his head.
"And I don’t like eating, either, but I do it when I have to," Sherlock muttered, grabbing another muffin and biting into it begrudgingly to prove a point.
Sherlock looked down at the bottle again, nodding a little as he shifted Katherine on his lap so he could lean over and hug Mindy. He let out a breath, holding Katherine close and nuzzling her hair. He looked at Mindy, thinking. "When it comes time to...for it to come." he said quietly, looking down at his stomach. "I want you there...if John can't be," he said quietly. The only way John would be there is if he was sent home early, and that meant him getting hurt. And he didn't want that again. "I don't have a mother to ask..." he said quietly.
He groaned again, the sound coming out as a faint whimper. Sherlock’s tongue laved at the top of his head in an oddly comforting sensation. He hadn’t been bathed by a tongue since before he was sent to boarding school. It was…nice. He sighed, leaning back into the other man’s heat.
“Sounds perfect, Sherrinford,” she replied, giving him a wave as he slowly backed through the door and closed it firmly behind him.
“I do,” the Wolf muttered, meeting Molly’s surprised expression. “And that’s why I’m here.” He bit his lower lip again before continuing. “I believe, Molly, that the reason it acts out at certain times is because it’s Shifting.”
“Because, if it is not, you think Parliament will not allow it to happen. I understand.” The red-ish blonde head cocked slightly. “And you want me to run it.”
The Wolves pulled eagerly on their leads as they wound through the streets, their steps taking them to the factory district and, ultimately, the sewer.
Shift complete, he pushed the door open with his nose and trotted back down the hall to his family. Evelyn reached out her hand, allowing him to sniff it and lick her fingers before she reached behind one of his ears and scratched, setting his hind leg quivering. Biting back the urge to pant, he huffed, giving her wrist a grateful swipe of his tongue and moved to the nursery door.
A heavy body landed on top of her. “Stay down, Immy!” Frederick hissed, pushing her forcefully into the floor. “Let the trained Hunters deal with the mutt.”
“Yes,” he said with a small smile. “It is amazing how much they conform to the baser nature of the wolf while still maintaining their humanity. It’s the latter part that makes them more dog-like and less dangerous to those they know and trust. As your uncle said, it is important to remember that they are human - even when they don’t appear that way.”
“That may not be the best idea,” he intoned, causing his younger sibling to growl at him pointedly. “I like children - for the most part,” he replied with a shrug, “It’s just that no one trusts me with them, being a high-functioning sociopath and all.” His lips twitched as he padded into the kitchen to begin making breakfast. Sherrinford appeared to have eaten everything that had been cooked already.“Does Mycroft have any more on the Stevenson murder?” he queried, cracking an egg into the pan. “We need to find and stop him. Before more innocents are harmed.” He took another mouthful of coffee. “I was thinking about revisiting the idea of a hinderance or a cure. Something to protect those that don’t want their status to become known.”
The night on the moor was perfect. Having his brother there, flanking and leading the attack on a brace of rabbits through the tall grasses and streams, reminded him of his boyhood. The nights when he would run with the other members of his Pack, their paws beating a tattoo on the solid earth until the rich tang of blood flooded their mouths. He could not imagine living any other way.
Icy eyes flickered to him, an eyebrow raising. The realization sank in. “You mean Sherrinford...” He felt the eyes of several other officers on him, making him amend his statement, “...’s dog?”
in January - but who’s counting?” Evelyn’s jaw hit the floor, her eyes so wide they threatened to pop out of her head.
She scratched her calf, enjoying the pull of her patent leather shoe on her woolen sock. Her chin rested in her hand as her mind wandered. She liked school, she really did, but her science teacher was the most boring, droning professor in the entire history of the profession. Uncle Sherlock had taught her so much more about Chemistry at his kitchen table with his own second-hand science equipment than she had learned from her current teacher.
After making his room a bit more homey, he Shifted back and reentered the world of the humans. He had yet to see his niece and nephew, much less his poor (hugely pregnant) sister-in-law, and he really needed to say hello to them. The vastness of the house settled on him as he closed the door behind him, noting that the dog door was not visible on the outside. He smiled, glad that his brother had been considerate of his privacy.
Mycroft finally exited the flat and began moving the admittedly startled gathering closer to him. A young blonde woman gave him a smile, her teeth flashing. He growled before he could stop himself, his teeth flashing before he could quickly tuck them away again. Her eyes widened and she stopped, her lilac Speed stick activating with terror sweat.
His thoughts were interrupted by a ding from his phone, signaling his reception of a text message. Unsure of where his mobile actually was, he yelled, “John!” over his shoulder, knowing that the other man was upstairs cooking bangers and mash for dinner.
Refocusing on the man sitting on the couch, he plopped down in his chair, dressing gown billowing around him. “Are you ready for more children?” he asked, slightly curious, but not entirely caring.
“Together?” he breathed to his younger sibling, eyebrow quirked. While he disliked speaking ambiguously, it was necessary until Evelyn learned the truth.
His sharp hearing lead him along the corridor to the stairwell and down the stairs to find his sister-in-law. The scent of Wolf and Molly led him through the art-littered halls, though one blank wall gave him pause, smelling strongly of Mycroft. He tilted his head, staring at the blank stretch, his nostrils flaring.
The rest of them slipped from the car, a sense of duty falling over them. “We’ll see you soon,” he stated, turning from the group to head to the flat, packages of mouthwatering food in hand. The Shift was just hours away and he could feel it in his bones.
The woman across from him beamed, her teeth flashing in the morning light even as her lips trembled and her green eyes clouded with worry. “Of course I’d love to hear from you, Sherrinford. I’d love to grab a coffee when you can, but I just don’t understand why you’re leaving…Or why you can’t tell me. Is it Baskerville? Is there something wrong with one of your patients?”
It was a statement. Her worry was obvious. She feared that they would lose more, become closer to animals than humans. “There is nothing that you can do, Evelyn. It does not concern you.”
, he realized. Turning from his brother with a slight flush on his sharp cheekbones, he flipped the machine on and pulled a pair of rubber gloves on to his large hands. Gathering his supplies, he plopped himself down on a wheeled stool and pulled up to the examination table, where Molly had pulled her shirt up and Mycroft held her hand lovingly. “I’m going to apply the gel with my hand to see if I can coax a Shift,” he stated. “Is that alright, Molly?”
Sherlock smiled, watching John get dressed. He was leaning against the doorway and nodded. "Perfect," he said with a grin. "How long do you think this shop run will take?" he asked, walking over to John and wrapping his arms around him. "Don't want to have to deal with other people... they don't deserve to be around you right now," he said stubbornly.
Sherlock hardly noticed that he was leaning into John's hand a little, his eyes already pulling shut. He licked his lips a little before blinking his eyes open.
John swallowed the rest of his biscuit, taking another sip of wine before looking up at Sherlock. "Sure," he said, a little hesitant, because it wasn't quite Christmas yet. But he set down his wine, looking expectantly at his mate with a small smile on his lips.
John hummed, seeing the flicker of submission in the depths of Sherlock's eyes. "There it is," he breathed, attaching their lips and sinking two fingers into Sherlock at the same time. "Such a good boy," he praised, lightly brushing Sherlock's prostate with every brush of his fingers. "Oh, fuck, and you're so wet already."
"About time you guys showed up," John said, walking out into the living room, balancing three mugs of eggnog.
Katherine nodded quickly, gently climbing up and tucking herself between the sofa and Sherlock, laying out the blanket on them and resting her head on his chest. His hand moved up to weave into her curls, as he didn't need to cradle her like he once did. Eventually Sherlock dozed off, Katherine still watching the telly, curled up where she was.
Katherine rushed up the stairs, all bundled up as she darted towards Sherlock, bits of snow on her clothes. "Snowing again, Daddy!" she squealed, jumping up onto Sherlock's lap. She and John had run to the store for milk, eggnog, and a few other things.
A wide smile spread on Katherine's face as she looked at John. "Yay! Going to the park with Papa, Daddy, and Misha!" she said, bouncing a little in her seat. She swallowed her bite, and continued to eat, while Hamish squealed, recognizing his name. Sherlock smiled, "Maybe after if Papa's not too tired, we'll go out for dinner. Tomorrow's a special day after all," he said with a small wink towards John.
They had gotten a phone call a few days after that miracle that Greg was going into labour, two days early. Mycroft was freaking out, so John had volunteered to watch the pups while Sherlock went to be with his brother. Early the next morning, John had gotten a phone call from Sherlock, letting him know that Sherlock was now a proud uncle of a very adorable little girl.
"I've told you I don't wish to be a burden; don't feel as if you need to miss school for me, you should have gone," Sherlock said.
With a soft sigh, John slowly did up Sherlock's shoes, trailing his fingertips over his ankles and up to his calves while he did it, trying to get the Omega to stop feeling so self-conscious and helpless.
Sherlock looked over at John. "John you are anything but normal... I don't think you are anyway," he murmured, biting into his rolls. He sighed, looking over at Katherine. "But she is quiet… yes," he murmured.
"I'm never eating duck again," John murmured, leaning against Sherlock, not wanting to fall asleep again until he knew he was done throwing up. He rested his head against Sherlock's shoulder, breathing in his scent, which settled him a little.
"I came to see you two, though as always brother, you were asleep," he said with a small smile. "I believe she's hungry, and I need to tend to some business, I'll come by again tomorrow perhaps, bring Gregory," he said, casting a small look towards John. He looked back at Sherlock, "I am proud of you, brother," he said with a small squeeze of his shoulder before leaving.
Katty slid off of her chair and came forward, blinking a couple times when Papa's hand pressed against her forehead. She scrunched up her face when he mentioned the medicine. "Noooo! No medicine!" she complained, making a dash for the stairs and scrambling up them and diving under her bed.
John looked over at the wall, his eyes unfocused as he ate mechanically, not really tasting the food.
Sherlock blinked a couple times, then tightened his arms around John, burying his face in the Alpha's neck. "You might find some... you never know. Could get boring over there at times," he murmured.
He walked over to the nightstand and pulled out his utility knife, tossing it onto the bed, then promptly went around the room and took out three switchblades and a throwing knife. "There are others hidden around the flat – out of Katherine's reach, obviously. But I'm not worried about those."
John swallowed thickly, hating himself for leaving even more than he had previously. "I don't care," he whispered, shaking his head. Then louder, "I honestly don't care. I have been nine months without him, in the desert, killing people and ignoring everything that happened to me so that I could get back here, back to
Sherlock climbed out of the car and grabbed a couple more bags, walking over to the cabin and stepping inside of it, dropping the bags down in the entry and looking around. It was a bit dark, but it was nice. Wood wall, large stone fireplace. He looked back at John and wrapped his arms tightly around John. "I love it," he said, kissing him gently.
Sherlock let out a breath. "It'll be a little easier next time," he said quietly. "Just like for me... it'll be easier," he murmured.
"You've still got a few years before that." he said softly, leaning forward and pressing a kiss to John's jaw, meeting John's lips when he tilted down his head. "Mmlove you." he murmured. "Even though you’re old," he said with a smirk.
John laughed a little, resting his forehead on Sherlock's shoulder and closing his eyes. "He got a package from his parents on his birthday with a whole bunch of sweets in it. I was allowed a bit of a lie-in that morning, because I had been up until four treating a patient. He just... burst into my tent without warning, yelling at me to wake up and tossing me a chocolate bar and handing me a steaming cup of coffee, declaring it the breakfast of champions."
John chuckled, wetting down a flannel and ringing it out. "Let me clean you off first, and then yes." He quickly cleaned off her sticky face, tossing the rag into the sink. "Okay, you go hide, I'll count. My room is off-limits, though, because Daddy's sleeping, okay?"
"Who has the Barrett, do you remember?" John asked, turning to Bill, who just shook his head, his eyes wide. "Stephen!" John called out for his Lieutenant, leaning around the rock. He got a reply back, but it was muffled. "Where's the Barrett?" Again, the response was muffled, but he heard the word 'vehicle' and he cursed. So they were without proper protection, now, too.
John paused, just holding his fingers in place, studiously avoiding touching Sherlock's prostate. He kissed his way over both of Sherlock's thighs, then over the V of his hips and up his torso until he felt Sherlock relaxing again. He started moving his fingers once more, this time completely ignoring Sherlock's prostate until he was stretched and he could pull them out.
Sherlock nodded, resting his forehead against John's chest. His stomach was in knots and he realized that he hadn't eaten dinner, and Kat had fallen asleep without it as well, he didn't move though, closing his eyes as he breathed in John's scent which was returning slowly after the shower. He didn't feel hungry and couldn't be bothered to get up and eat.
He would be lying to himself if he wasn’t nervous about the potential Hunter on the loose and that he might or might not be targeted. He also understood, however, that he was not on the publicly accessible Registry and that he was not alone. He had a Pack behind him consisting of the his brothers - two of the most powerful men in England, Greg Lestrade with his pull at the Yard, and Molly and John, both brilliant in their own ways.
there was something wrong with that woman,” Mycroft sounded a bit smug, no doubt crossing his arms over his chest.
“This public Shift in the House of Commons has raised several issues with both our country’s lawmakers and our viewing public. While startling and slightly terrifying, it was noted by several witnesses, as well as the tape from the meeting, that Dr. Holmes did not make a move to attack. In fact, he did quite the opposite, laying down and typing out answers on his personal computer!”
Sherrinford nodded, snuffling along her jaw before relinquishing his ‘hug’ and stepping back into the hallway. “Come on in,” Imogen beamed, “Dinner’s almost ready, if you’d like to slip into something that can eat sausage and onion sandwiches.”
The grey wolf, their escaped mastermind, was being pulled back by the darker Holmes brother, his powerful jaws latched around the other wolf’s kicking back right leg. Sherrinford was frantically scrambling to put his body between that of the human man and the serial werewolf turner, his side scraped by the other beast’s claws as his own connected with the heaving sides of the rival wolf. St. Pierre’s neck was being pulled long and exposed, Sherlock’s attempts at pulling him back succeeding. The grey wolf’s jaws refused to let go of their prize, however, as ruby blood gushed from Watson’s shoulder and the man screamed again. Seeing his opportunity, the younger Holmes dove, latching onto the neck of the Canadian werewolf and bit forcibly. St. Pierre growled, the sound coming out as strangled, the air bubbling and hissing.
“Now Darling,” Sherrinford intoned, “The most important thing to remember about werewolves is that they are first and foremost people. They just happen to be people who can become something else - in this case, a wolf. The instincts of the wolf become stronger the closer it is to the Full Moon, providing heightened sight, hearing, and smell. In wolf form, the Lupus Sapiens can be entirely rational and very like their human self. That is
“I’m terribly sorry, Darling,” he murmured, bending to pick up her bags, and ushering her towards the door. “I did not expect two sets of twins, but they do skip a generation. I’ve been told.”
“Yeah,” he said quietly, “If the bastard went out the other side, we’ll have to reattach. Official police business and all that.” The detective grinned, a rather frightening sight coming from his canine mouth, while his younger sibling simply nodded and sat, his head stopping uncomfortably at his mid-torso.
Regardless, he had wound his way through the security, flashing his ID and license at the guards that were there to protect the Prime Minister, and was standing on the doorstep on Mycroft’s ‘secret’ home. Ringing the bell, he shuffled his small bag from hand to hand and waited.
“I hope that he’s thought this through,” he breathed, allowing the sentiment to slip through his lips as he hung up on his brother.
It was days like today that he was glad that he had a home office. It was the perfect new addition to his Downing Street abode (Not that anyone knew that he lived at 15 Downing Street - within shouting distance of the Prime Minister, except, of course, the Prime Minister). Sherlock had suggested the soundproofing, which was certainly an ear-saver, but the door was created to appear like a part of the wall even though he could see straight through it That way, if Molly needed him, she only needed to stand outside the door. The twins did not know about the office and he planned to keep it that way.
The detective cocked an eyebrow. “Are we in uni again, John?” he queried, knowing that he didn’t want his parents to find him naked either. Things had never truly been the same since he was Bitten, especially with his mother who was consumed with feelings of guilt whenever she saw him or Sherrinford. Her scent was filled with shame and sadness during every interaction they had, regardless of the form either he or his brother were in.
. Several of the K13’s were surprisingly in their furry forms, bullet-proof vests strapped in place by their human partners, thick collars jangling with their tags and badges. Their nostrils were flared at all the new scents that surrounded them in the glen just off of the Kensington property.
” the teen shrieked with delight, “Yes, please and thank you!” With that, the Wolf found himself being pulled down the street by the hand, his niece leading the way to her favorite ice cream shop.
“If you insist.” Her mother finally released the Wolf’s hand with a grim grin, her voice taking on a rather maniacal quality.
After Evelyn had gone to bed, her favorite stuffed animal that looked like Sherlock tucked in her arms, the three men sat at the dinner table with cups of tea grasped in their hands. The couple (
The trip to Evelyn’s class had been interesting. She had been better prepared than any of her other classmates, though that certainly didn’t surprise him. He knew that she would give her peers something to think about, at least. He just hoped that she had changed their minds. They were the future, after all. It would be their prejudices that ruled the coming generations.
With a nuzzle, he rose. With a gentle rumble, he planted another nuzzle on the doctor’s chiseled jaw before licking it tenderly. John laughed, a beautiful sound in his ear, releasing his hold and allowing him to shake out his tangled fur. Ears pricked, tail wagging, he licked his chops into a smile.
Sherrinford showed up about twenty minutes later, tugging Mycroft rather unceremoniously behind him. The man looked tired and a bit overdrawn as he bent and released the younger man from the lead, giving him free rein to explore as he pleased.
“Oh,” Lucy said nodding and grasping the concept. “Okay! It can be a game! Oh!” she gasped, “It can be like we finally have a dog!”
He didn’t need to be asked twice, especially not when his favorite niece was in obvious distress. He loped a few strides towards Evelyn and her tear-streaked face, her need palpable. He nuzzled her cheek, encouraging her to release her grip on his elder sibling. Without more than a bleary glance, she released the detective and he took her crumpling bodyweight around his thick neck. His tongue caressed the salty trails from her pink cheeks as he rumbled deep in his chest, trying to comfort the young woman.
His eyes met those of his sister-in-law before he asked, “Are you all set? He should be pretty quiet for a couple of hours and he’ll sleep for a bit of the night. Hopefully, I’ll be back by the time he wakes enough to cause trouble.”
“Oh! Sherrinford!” The teacher sounded shocked and surprised to hear his voice. “Come on up!” The alarm told him that the door was unlocked, and, taking one more calming inhale, he opened the main doors and made his way to her apartment, his heart racing.
The children immediately launched into their lives, talking over, around, and through each other with such delight that he could only smile and try to absorb everything he could. Eventually, his sibling and his turbid wife joined them, Molly sliding down into a well-cushioned chair, her husband adjusting her pillows and propping her feet as the woman flinched. “Mum?” Lucy asked, her eyes clouding with worry, “Are you alright?”
“Soon,” he replied. “Dinner first. The Wolves won’t do anything extraordinary before moonrise anyway.”
Cocking his head, he allowed a slip of a smile to play at his lips. His Mate and their Pup were home. Time flew when he was lost in his Mind Palace chasing ghosts of promises and solutions.
Sherlock flushed, tilting his head to the right. “Are you proposing to me, John Watson?” he asked quietly, his lips trembling even as he smiled.
“Sherlock,” the smug voice of Mycroft stated over the line, “Am I disturbing your sad excuse for a thought process?”
The young woman sighed and rested her forehead in her hands. “I’m not sure. I’m so conflicted. On one hand, a Lupus sapiens put my father into a coma. On the other, I can’t condemn a whole species because of the actions of one person. Not to mention the fact that two of the people that I care the most about are werewolves. I couldn’t do that to you or to Uncle Sherlock.”
Sherlock could still hear Molly outside, and he rolled his eyes. He sighed, continuing working, though, eventually hearing her leave the morgue. He sat up again, peeking through the blinds to see the room empty.
Sherlock tugged John back from the toilet, sitting him against the bathtub and crawled onto his lap, almost straddling him so when he took John close again their chests pressed together. "I'm here, though... I…" He didn't know how to do this.
John raised his eyebrows at the demand, but he wasn't going to argue. "Still on about that, are you?" he asked, moving towards the bedroom. He heard Sherlock following him, and the sound made him smirk. He stripped out of his track pants, tossing them onto the bed before turning to the chest of drawers and tugging on a pair of jeans, pulling a black jumper over his head before he turned back to Sherlock. "Good enough?" he asked.
"I've thought about that already," Sherlock murmured, and he had. John didn't know, but Sherlock could really only see a few different outcomes, and there were really only two outcomes he could live with, one of them not being possible. Moriarty was too good to let it happen. "It'll be taken care of," he said quietly. "Mycroft's actually been useful; once Moriarty shows himself, we'll have him. He will go down."
John looked over at Sherlock as they stepped out onto the pavement. "Yeah, I'm fine," he said, his voice a little flat, but it wasn't going to explain now. How could he, when he had a traumatised daughter in his arms? He raised a hand for a cab, thankful that one was able to pull up in quick order. He let Sherlock get in first, and then he followed behind, sliding into the seat and telling the cabbie to take them home. "You're okay, baby," he murmured to Kat, kissing her cheek and rocking her a little.
Sherlock writhed and tried to thrust up a little, a frustrated whine coming from him this time. "God, I... fuck!" he swore, not something he commonly did, but it was so close again. He tried to pull his hands free, his arms starting to fall asleep a little from lying on them, and if he could just free them, he'd finish it himself. "You... are using your abilities as a doctor..." he let out a breath, swearing again quietly, not able to think.
Sherlock thought about that for a moment. "About a seven... on a scale of ten. Maybe a six. I try not to think about it," he said, nodding at the waitress as she brought their meals and drinks. He smiled a little at John. "It's fine, really. You went without for a month in the desert, and I went to hospital straight away. It's nothing, really..." he said, taking up his fork again to poke at his food.
"Only I can do this to you," John said possessively, letting his Alpha nature come out a little more as he marked Sherlock with a bite on his hip. "You are
Sherlock glanced over at John, seeing his smug smile. "Oh stop enjoying yourself so much," he quipped, though his mouth tugged up a small bit. "You haven't given me much to work with," he said, sighing a small bit.
John took Sherlock's hand and squeezed it, tilting the ultrasound image so that Sherlock could see it better. "We're having a girl, Sherlock," he whispered, placing a soft kiss on his forehead, smiling gently to himself.
Sherlock blinked a couple times, looking at John. "And just where would I be leaving to?" he asked. Though, now that he thought about it, the head was still in the fridge, and probably going a bit ripe by now. He'd have to get rid of that.
He paused over the threshold and smiled down at Sherlock and Katherine. He held his finger up to his lips for Katherine to keep quiet as he slowly took off his jacket, then moved to settle into his chair.
“I still do not understand why it is you are forcing me to be here,” Sherlock hissed to his brother as they approached the large warehouse.
John thanked Hank, taking a large bite of his hot croissant, which had bacon, ham, and eggs on it. He poked Kat with the toe of his boot under the table, winking at her as he reached for his coffee, picking it up and taking a slow sip. "How is it?" he asked, nodding at her croissant.
Sherlock slept for a few hours, something in his drip helping him to by dulling the pain just slightly. He hummed a little, waking up with a small whimper, a tightening cramp bringing him to. He reached out and took John's hand tightly, swallowing thickly, waiting for it to pass, which it did. He blinked a few times, looking at John, curled up as he was.
John rolled his eyes, nuzzling into Sherlock's scarf a little. "Yes, well, I can't shave, and the nurses haven't offered to do it for me. Was that you offering to do it?" he teased, watching Hamish suck on the bottle. "He looks like me, but he's definitely still you," he said softly. "Louder child than Kat, yeah?" he asked, smiling a little at Sherlock.
hungry. Probably a reaction to the surgery," he mumbled quietly, looking down still, propped up against the headboard.
John looked down, smiling a little at Hamish and helping him up just a little. "This time I've been having troubles falling asleep, and when I do the nightmares are vivid and I feel like I'm back there. I've yelled at the nurses a couple times for no reason, and then it's gone just a few seconds later. One time Chase told me that he came in here and I was awake, completely unresponsive, but my heart rate was skyrocketed. Apparently I had seen or heard something that reminded me of that place, and my mind and body had slipped into a dis-associative state and I was having a realistic flashback. He had to leave me like that for three hours. I woke up and thought that I had fallen asleep, that it was just another nightmare."
Sherlock recoiled a fraction, then took another bite of his sandwich. "It's an experiment. I didn't see you question me lighting my shirt on fire, so long's as I replaced it. I get bored," he said. "Now put those back, they have to stay cold."
Sherlock hummed a little. "Yes well... without her, I wouldn't have you," he said quietly. "Simple as that," he said.
"Right," he said, drinking a bit more of his wine and settling himself down on John's lap. He picked up a biscuit and started nibbling on it, glancing over at John. "Didn't think we'd get here... just... us. Not having to worry about anything," he said, smiling. No being sent off to Afghanistan, no Moriarty, just... them. "Tomorrow we're still going to your Mother's, yes?" he asked.
John smiled to himself, pressing his lips against the top of Sherlock's head and then just holding him. He was glad that Sherlock trusted him enough to at least let him do this.
"Hi," John whispered, pulling back and tracing his fingers across Sherlock's cheek. "How are you? We should probably get you home so that you can take some pain medicine."
"I bought new stuff, remember? This is grape," John said, shaking the bottle. "Now come out from under there, please, or I'm going to have to count you, and you know what happens if I get to three," he warned gently.
"Anything else?" Sherlock asked, almost asking if they would be able to see it, but at just barely over a month it probably didn't look like much more than a peanut.
A couple hours later, Sherlock curled a little tighter, a whimper coming from him. His face was pinched, his breathing a little irregular, small noises coming from him as he slept.
So he was one of those Alphas... who liked the fight in other Alphas, sought to break them as well. Liked it, and didn't bother with Omegas. He narrowed his eyes. "One more time and I swear..."
Sherlock let out a breath, biting his lip again, a little harder. "Well there's... but I mean you never... knew her, I... god, never mind," he said, shaking his head a little. Stupid really, in all likelihood.
Sherlock glanced over at John, and then down at his hands, not even realising that he'd been picking at them again.
Sherlock whimpered a little, huffing a breath as he was practically slammed against the wall. He sucked in a sharp breath as John pushed his fingers up into him, his eyes fluttering shut as he tried to wriggle the best he could on John's hand, but pinned as he was... he couldn't. "You wouldn't...” he breathed, leaning forward to suck on John's bottom lip, biting it gently.
Sherlock blinked a few times, half resting on John's chest. "Don't you want to know what it meant though?" he asked, glancing up at John, his fingers ghosting over his closed lids. "Then I'll sleep," he murmured.
Sherlock didn't comment that he couldn't do that well taking care of himself before, but he didn't say that; he knew that was just Moriarty. "I know... I just... worry," he said quietly, stroking Katherine's cheek. "You want to order out?" he asked, looking up at John again. "Maybe duck?" he asked with a cheeky grin.
John received Sherlock's letter two days after the sending date, and he kept it tucked in his pocket with the others, promising himself to reply as soon as he could. They were out in the middle of nowhere now, and if it wasn't for the GPS in the Land Rover, he wouldn't even know the cardinal directions.
John blinked rapidly, swallowing forcefully and nodding slowly. "Yeah, yeah I think so," he murmured, his voice sounding a little wrong even to his own ears.
John stroked Sherlock's face, gently running his fingers along the line of his cheekbone and down his jaw. "I love you," he whispered, brushing his thumb over Sherlock's lips.
, was left hanging in the air, the statement that John found himself saying quite often around Sherlock. He didn't want to force him to do anything. "I'm hoping that you'll stay here until you're better, and, I'll admit, past that. I'd like you to still be here when I... when I get back."
John groaned, banding his arm across his stomach and keeping his eyes closed. Christ, no wonder Katherine had put up such a fuss over it. This was a bitch of a flu. "Go away. I don't want you getting this, too," he gritted out, trying to fight down the next wave that hit him, but it was pointless, and he ended up throwing up into the toilet again. He leant back, stripping out of his sweat-soaked shirt and tossing it to the floor. He wondered briefly how high his temperature was, but decided it didn't matter. Katherine's had broken, so would his.
who is three, and tell me what is wrong, and then you are going to take us both to the room that he will be taken to. Is that understood?" He waited for her almost frightened nod before storming back to his seat, wiping his face blank by the time he reached Katherine again.
John had to drag himself out of bed when his alarm went off, and he immediately trudged into the bathroom for a long hot shower. He shaved quickly, returning to the bedroom to pull on clean clothes, pleased to see Sherlock still sleeping. He smiled to himself, taking a moment to just watch Sherlock before he knew he had to leave.
Mindy was quiet for a moment, letting them both sit in silence for a while. "Something you should know about John," she said, setting her knitting aside and crossing her legs, her hands folded on her knee. "He was a troublemaker. He got into fights at school, argued with the teachers. I couldn't teach him humility, because he was fearless. He broke his leg playing rugby because he got into a shoving match with one of the bigger boys before practice and they tripped him. He came back from the hospital and the first thing he did was get suspended for punching that boy and knocking him out cold. It wasn't until..." she swallowed, turning away for a moment. "Until Harry got taken the first time that I realised he was standing up for her, not looking for fights. You're not putting him in danger; he's putting himself in danger because he wants to. He has a firm belief that people shouldn't be alone, and he will defend that belief."
"Sorry, sorry," John murmured, continuing to chortle as he walked forward again. "God, it's just..." he grinned. "Oh, lord. Sorry, I shouldn't laugh."
In hindsight Sherlock would count this as meltdown number six, though really, it was the only one that had been completely warranted. Sob after sob came out of him, and he curled up a little away from John, or tried to, the Alpha's embrace seemingly everywhere. Why would John still want him? He'd probably just kill the other one too.
John didn't have anything else to say, and he felt too raw to be talking at the moment anyway. He didn't entirely believe Sherlock – his mother had told him when he was twelve that he had too much empathy and that it wasn't good to hold on to so much. He couldn't help it, though, and now he carried around the lives of fifty-three soldiers – twenty-one women and thirty-two men. He remembered their faces, their wounds, their ranks – funny, because he couldn't remember what he had had for breakfast, if he had even had breakfast.
"Please," Mindy chided, waving her hand dismissively. "John's too stubborn for me to teach him anything. He grew up the way he wanted to, not the way I raised him. Except for his manners, I'll take credit for those."
Katherine sighed a little when Papa said that he always worried about her, smiling a little though still. She climbed up onto the bed and burrowed under the blankets. They smelled like Papa did, and also like her Daddy now, but it was good. Nice. She looked at him, blinking a few times as she put her thumb in her mouth again.
"Two more bloody years," John muttered, pinching a ticklish spot on Sherlock's side. He grinned, kissing him again and again, nipping and sucking on his lower lip. "I love you so much," he whispered, finally settling down and pulling Sherlock against him.
John wrapped his arms tightly around Sherlock, reaching up to comb his fingers through his curls. "Alright, no goodbyes then," he promised, turning to kiss Sherlock's cheek before stepping back and cupping his face for a moment. "Let's go sit down. I wanna hold you."
There was a moment of silence as he drank down the entire glass of water, setting it aside. He still didn’t feel entirely awake, but as he became more alert he finally started to remember the alley and his hand quickly moved to his side again. His shirt was gone, and his side…completely smooth. “What?” he breathed, brows knitted together in confusion.
"He wasn't paying attention!" he said, tears still moving down his cheeks. His hand was resting on his stomach without realizing, and now hated that he was pregnant. "This isn't FAIR!" he shouted, forgetting about Katherine in the other room. "THEY'RE NOT TAKING YOU AWAY FROM ME AGAIN!" he said, getting up and pacing the room, pulling out his phone. His brother answered on the first ring. "HOW COULD YOU LET THAT HAPPEN?! YOU BETTER FIX THIS MYCROFT OR I SWEAR TO GOD I WILL NEVER FORGIVE YOU!" he shouted, weaving his fingers into his hair.
John laughed, reaching out and squeezing Sherlock's hand. "Oh, god, Sherlock," he said, wiping at his eyes. "Jesus, I'll be fine. The murmur is gone, and that was the only thing that they were concerned with, really." He picked up Hamish, kissing his forehead and then turning him onto his stomach, caging him with his legs. "I know you looked at my charts," he said quietly. "The PTSD is back. Whatever you remember..." he shook his head. "It's not the same this time. The nightmares are still there, but everything else is really... different."
"You almost got yourself killed, is what you did." John bit back his anger, looking away out of the window and starting to comb his fingers through Sherlock's hair, focusing on the soft texture in order to calm down. He sighed lightly, resting his cheek against the top of Sherlock's head. "It's fine. You're alright, and that's what matters."
Sherlock sighed, looking down. "Fine," he said quietly, rubbing Katherine's back. "Fine, go. Forty-five minutes though or... or I'm calling Lestrade," he mumbled, walking over to put Katherine into her swing. He scooped up his violin and plucked at the strings irritably.
John nearly started sobbing again, but he managed to hold it together. "Yours," he breathed, his eyes slipping closed against his will, his arms slackening, and eventually he fell asleep, cradling Sherlock against him.
Sherlock whined and moaned, his eyes clamped shut as his body trembled. "Mm...mm'can't...I ca-...I ca-....Christ!" he gasped as he seized up again, coming once more as he felt John's knot swell. As soon as John was in place Sherlock let out a huff of air, going limp on the bed, panting and shaking all over.
His chin was gripped firmly, and he tried to pull his head away weakly, sweat starting to form on his brow. Just as the capsule touched his lips, there was a loud noise, and Sherlock felt a warm splatter hit his face as the cabbie fell over, his grip still on Sherlock as he toppled out of the chair as well, feeling like he was flipping and spinning as he hit the ground.
John leant down again, trailing his lips down Sherlock's stomach and grazing his teeth along his ribcage.
Sherlock let out a breath, wondering what it was that Mindy was going to ask about. He let out a breath when she did ask. He looked at John, taking hold of his hand.
John blinked, staring at Sherlock for a long moment before he realised that he was agreeing with his thoughts. John immediately crushed their lips together, possessively holding Sherlock against him. His fingers wound in Sherlock's hair, and he didn't lean away until he needed to breathe. "Good," he whispered.
John had to chuckle, ruffling Sherlock's hair gently. "Look at you. What happened to the young boy who hated the company of people?" he teased, continuing to hold Sherlock. "I told you that company was good. You didn't believe me, did you?" He bent his head, lightly kissing Sherlock's forehead. "But I know what you mean. I can't live without you three either."
John nodded, looking up at Sherlock. "It's a bit different, walking in yourself. More control. As opposed to falling unconscious elsewhere and waking up in a strange bed with IVs and tubes hooked up to you." That had only happened to him twice – once in the desert and once when he was a boy. "Hopefully it'll help you rationalise or whatever it is you do."
Sherlock had retreated into his head a bit, organizing the scattered thoughts and memories as John held him. He blinked a few times as he was moved, nodding mechanically and moving back into the bedroom to gently wake up Katherine. She yawned, rubbing her eyes sleepily and held up her arms to be picked up. Sherlock complied, hearing her breathe through a now stuffed up nose. He sighed, a cold it was then, just what they needed. He carried her back into the kitchen, sitting her in her seat before taking his.
"I know," Sherlock murmured quietly. "And you're welcome." He swallowed. "Are you done with... with your thing?" he asked quietly. He smelled like he was over it, not so... Alpha, more John.
Sherlock settled onto the bed, then after a moment scooted closer to John, sighing a little. It felt more natural; it was nice. He was afraid he'd lost that. Perhaps that cabbie had done him a favour by trying to kill him... well, rape him,
John nodded slowly, swallowing and tightening his arms around Sherlock. "Alright. I just wanted to know," he murmured, resting his forehead against Sherlock's curls. "Ready to go to bed? I'm properly knackered."
John smiled, rubbing Kat's back. He could tell she was tired, and he was trying to soothe her to sleep. "You can draw me whatever you like. Try new things," he whispered, turning his head to watch Sherlock for a moment before paying attention to Kat again, watching her eyelids droop.
John smiled at Sherlock. "I'll tell you later," he promised, kissing the top of Kat's head. The cab started to slow down just then and John fished out his wallet, paying the driver when they had stopped. "No running yet," he reminded Kat, opening the door to let her out.
weak." he said. "I tracked down and killed all of Moriarty's network, and now someone's attacked- they went after
It had been hard since he’d been taken. He'd lost everything that made him, him. And he'd felt broken since.
John smirked, humming quietly and reaching out with his hand to rest it on Sherlock's knee. "Can't be sneaky when I can smell you, love," John murmured, drifting on the edge of sleep, his mind a little foggy. He smoothed his thumb over the top of Sherlock's kneecap, peeking an eye open to meet Sherlock's gaze.
Sherlock swore, storming down the hall and pulling on his coat, before making for the door. He wouldn't keep John in danger.
Katherine blinked slowly, humming a little. "Mhm...dwaw new t'ings." she mumbled quietly, trying to keep her eyes open. "T'mowow...gonna go park? 'nd look at....ss...schools," she said, humming again as her eyelids drooped shut finally, leaning against her Papa and breathing steadily.
John laughed lightly, leaning forward to connect their lips again. "I know, so do I," he agreed. "But it'll come. We'll probably know before we head home. It can be our big surprise to Katherine and my mum when we show up," he said with a smile, running his fingers over Sherlock's back.
"I heard you," John said quietly, throwing another knife and hitting the right eye dead center. "Did I wake you?" he asked, turning his head to look at Sherlock, his brow furrowed a little in concern.
"’m fine," Sherlock said, looking into the kitchen at where John was cooking, stark naked. Sherlock smiled dazedly, not picking up John's scent anymore, but rather a different one. He followed it
“You’re a soldier John, it’s going to be difficult to adjust to civilian life again,” his therapist Ella told him gently.
"Thank you... for coming back," he said quietly, glancing over at Katherine's swing. It had only been a few hours and he missed her already. He would go down and check on her after John was asleep.
He held John close, still murmuring quiet soothing words, trying to bring John back. "John please... please come back to me," he begged, not understanding how John could have gotten so worse.
John leant up on his elbows, practically unable to feel his wounds at the moment. "Hello, gorgeous," he said, smiling cattily and beckoning Sherlock to the bed. "I left a spot open for you," he teased, patting Sherlock’s side of the bed.
Sherlock walked over, picking up his phone and looking at it. No text messages, just a couple missed calls, though he didn't recognise the number. He sighed, glancing down the hall and calling it back, holding it to his ear and holding his breath as it rang.
The human’s gaze shifted in one swift movement from the lovers, towards Sherlock. As soon as Sherlock’s eyes met his, the human’s face pinked somewhat across the room and he turned back as if he hadn’t been looking at all. Sherlock had just smiled, feeling something swell slightly in his chest.
, you mean? Honestly I can't believe you've never heard of it. I grew up watching that show." John ate a little more, setting his fork down for a moment, knowing they weren't in a rush. "Yeah, it's on once a week. Reruns are on most nights, though."
Sherlock shifted, blinking his eyes open at the movement, only sleeping lightly, breathing through his mouth as his nose was stuffed. "Mmlove you too." he murmured in response. He looked at John, swallowing thickly. "Mmwhat did I say...to make you let me go outside?" he asked, turning his head away quickly to sneeze.
“And you read my writing upside down,” she countered, “See what I mean?” She let out a breath. “We’ve been over this John, it’s going to take time to adjust, and writing down what happens to you will help.”
Sherlock was wearing John's tags, but it wasn't enough, and they had talked about it already…. "Yours..." he panted, "you... you take... please," he begged, knowing it was what his body wanted, what he wanted.
John smiled a little at what Sherlock used to say to him. "I know, baby girl. Same to you. Now you better go potty and then we can go to bed, alright?" he suggested, kissing her forehead and then her nose before setting her on the ground.
He was too warm, and he hated it. "I can't... I can't have this now, just... stop it. Make it stop," he said, shaking his head, not able to think. Fever from the flu, and then his heat bundled in one, he could hardly understand himself, let alone thing. "Please... please," he mumbled.
"You can call me Lucian," the man replied over his shoulder as he kept walking. "Not my real name, but it'll do." With that, he disappeared, and John was submitted to a very invasive pat down.
until my knot recedes," he chastised lightly with a small nip to his neck. He hummed when Sherlock settled back down, running his fingers over the Omega's chest and stomach.
Sherlock shook the water off his hands. "I know," he said, swallowing. "You just startled me a little. I was thinking, didn't want to wake you up," he said, drying his hands off and turning to look at John. "That's all," he said, pressing a small kiss to his lips.
"Lie down on the sofa," John whispered, kissing Sherlock again, happy to have him home. Though he was afraid that at any moment he was going to blink and Sherlock would be gone.
“You know about us now… and it can be dangerous. Should you ever need anything…find me,” he said, not knowing why he was extending the offer. John was…interesting. His scent alone had caught Sherlock’s attention, but there was more to him than that apparently, which surprised him.
Sherlock sighed, looking down. He didn't care, he wanted Katherine to hate the army, they were taking away her Papa, his John, again. Katherine nodded, looking back at John and then to Sherlock's stomach again. "Gonna be big helper," she said, looking up at Sherlock with a small smile.
John swallowed, his throat constricting. He didn't want to think about that, but he couldn't just ignore the question. "Then I guess there's nothing you can do about it," he murmured. "We'll just be an Alpha and an Omega living under the same roof, and I'll... I'll back off." He pressed a soft kiss to Sherlock's forehead. "Because I can't ask you to reciprocate something if you don't feel the same."
"Really?" John asked, hooking his fingers to rub hard on Sherlock's prostate, loving the way he writhed against him. "You wanna test that theory?" he threatened, moving his fingers faster, brushing against his prostate on every stroke until he added the third finger.
He quickly pushed a finger in beside his tongue, working Sherlock open as quickly as he could without actually rushing.
Sherlock’s lips pressed into a thin line as he took it, flipping it over to see the engraving on it, definitely his fathers. He shook his head. "That shouldn't... it couldn't be..." He tossed it back to his chair. "Someone shouldn't have had that," he said, shaking his head again.
Sherlock brought his hands to his front, cradling them instantly like he had that first day when John had freed them, his fingers tracing over the light scars that one could barely notice there. He shivered a little, still seeing that day, the bright stage lights, and the kick in his ribs, being dragged off that stage. He followed that memory, as much as he didn't want to be there, not wanting to skip back to something before; he had to push forward.
John turned off the water once the level was high enough, turning to nuzzle against Sherlock's temple. "What do you mean?" he asked, wondering if he was talking about keeping the flat once he was gone or if he was on a completely different subject.
John tugged his shirt off at Sherlock's tugging, throwing it to the floor. "God, I've missed you," he said, his voice low and husky, full of lust and need and love and too many other things to note. He leaned down to kiss Sherlock again, sliding their tongues smoothly together as he undid his jeans, pulling them and his pants down just enough to get his erection out. He didn't have the patience for anything else.
Sherlock hummed as he looked down at John's hand. "I like it too...we can decide something different for the middle name if you want.” He smiled softly despite how this still hurt, but he knew they would have the rest of their lives. "I think it's a boy...I want him to be, and I think he will be."
John smiled softly at the gentleness in Sherlock's touch, the worry in his expression. "I'm the one who ate it," he muttered. "Would've ordered it anyway." He left the glass on the floor, slowly rolling over to press his other cheek against the cold floor.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around himself. "It's... worse. It feels worse this time," he said, rocking himself slowly as the wave started and he got another cramp.
John took a threatening step forward, pushing Sherlock back the same amount of space. "Sherlock. I need them. I'm not telling you again." He held out his hand palm up, staring steadily at Sherlock's eyes. He blinked, and those irises blurred dark brown. They swam back into focus slowly, but that muddy colour was always there. It unsettled the still-logical part of his mind, but that didn't seem to be in control right now.
John chuckled. "We'll head out when I'm sure Harry's not going to have her own panic attack or drown herself in Bourbon."
Their food arrived quickly enough, Angelo's wasn't a particularly busy place at lunch, and he helped Katherine by cutting her chicken into smaller bites. He stole a couple pieces for himself as if to show John he was okay by eating.
Lestrade eyed John as he came in, but nodded towards Sherlock, allowing him to do whatever it was he did.
Sherlock frowned, tensing as he felt the arms wrap around him, another body pressing close. He swallowed, not realising his cheeks were a little damp. He took a couple choked breaths, his pulse starting to slow a little. He hiccupped, looking down at the hand that was laid over his heart, as if that somehow was making it slow.
When Sherlock froze inside of the room, John squeezed his hand, running his thumb over his knuckles.
Sherlock felt John tense slightly and looked up at him. "Don't go anywhere...Please John, don't feel like you need to run," he said, clinging onto him tightly. "I don't care about colours. Purple...and...and yellow or something."
Meanwhile, Sherlock laid Katherine out on the bed, unwrapping her gently. She wriggled, glad to be free of the blanket it seemed. Smiling a little, Sherlock carefully pulled off the hospital pyjamas they'd had her in – plain, hideous shade of pink that it was. He ran his fingers over her soft skin, tickling her gently and seeing her arms flail in response. He grinned, gently getting her into the polka dotted footies with little mitts that folded over her hands so she couldn't scratch herself.
"It's alright, Katty," John promised. "I'll explain it all when your daddy wakes up, alright? He's sleeping right now; his mind has to organise everything that just happened. He's got to think it all through." He combed his fingers through Kat's hair, rocking her gently. "You don't have to be scared, sweetheart, I promise."
Sherlock shook his head. "There... there has to be someone to blame," he said. "People die, and there's always someone to blame – the murderer, the person doing something stupid, misusing products, faulty products as a result of someone not making them. It's always someone's fault!" he said, not wanting something that had destroyed his life to be left entirely up to chance and a bit of cold weather.
John froze, staring at Sherlock with his mouth slightly agape. "I... she... what?" John couldn't name any of the emotions that he felt churning through him, except perhaps relief that his sister was alive.
Sherlock's breath was a little faster than normal, and he looked right through John. He blinked after a moment, looking up at John and then Mycroft. "I-I will," he said quietly.
seeing Sherlock in pain, any kind of it. "I'll be right back," he whispered, sliding out of bed and quickly walking into the bathroom, wetting a linen with cold water and then returning to Sherlock, running the cloth over his skin and blowing on the water to attempt to cool him down a bit, even though he knew it would only be a temporary relief. He finally settled the cloth on Sherlock's forehead, taking his pulse at his wrist. It was elevated, but not alarmingly. "You'll be okay," he promised.
Sherlock sighed. "I'm not sure I'm quite cut out for cooking. Seems like there's other, more useful, information to know," he murmured, sitting down with his eggs.
It’s so damned hot. All the time, still it was a dry heat, and you get used to it after a while he supposed. Things always seem warmer though when bullets are being shot towards you.
John nuzzled against Sherlock's neck, his muscles straining to hold both of them up. Finally he gave up, lowering them both to the floor and settling Sherlock onto his lap. "Sorry," he murmured. "I just couldn't hold us up anymore."
Sherlock followed John down the steps, hesitating again at the door before stepping out. "Not especially. Though I would like to get some actual shoes." he said, looking down at the horrible beige slippers.
John bit his lip, leaning down and resting his forehead against Sherlock's, closing his eyes. "You're alright," he whispered, glancing at his watch again. That one was seven. "Five millilitres, please, Sherlock," he whispered, begging. He didn't want to see Sherlock in pain. And pups were born healthy with ten millilitres all the time. He had been. "Please, Sherlock, just do this for me." He squeezed Sherlock's hand again, soothing his thumb over his knuckles.
Rubbing his eyes, John sat up, looking over at Sherlock, whose eyes were open. "What would you like for supper?" he asked quietly, not knowing what the Omega liked or disliked, and curious to find out.
Katherine looked over at her Daddy again, then looked down. "I don'want be mean to daddy," she said quietly, rubbing her nose. "This mean I go to Gran's?" She asked, looking up at John.
Sherlock curled up a little tighter when he felt the bed depress, swallowing thickly. "You forgot your pills," he mumbled quietly, tossing the bottle gently over his side to where John was – he'd pick-pocketed them from him.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes slightly at John, seeing the small flicker in his eyes. He growled a little, leaning forward and biting at John's jaw firmly, pulling back to look at him. "You are coming home, in person and alive!" he snapped quietly so Katherine wouldn't hear it. "So help me John, don't go where I can't follow, because I assure you, if such a place did exist, and I will find you," he threatened.
"Oh baby...Papa had to go take care of someone who'd got hurt, it was an emergency. He told me to tell you that he loved you," he said, kissing her temple. "That's a lovely cake," he said, bouncing her on his knee. Katherine pouted a little, looking at her drawing.
Sherlock woke up after the sun had risen, John's arms still wrapped around him. He blinked a few times, feeling relatively normal... well, as normal as a junkie who needed a new nicotine patch
So so sorry for not updating yesterday. For a Sunday it was fairly busy since school will be out soon... here is a chapter for you lovelies to read though. <3
John smiled sadly, tilting Kat's chin up so that he could meet her eyes. "You are Papa's brave, strong girl, you know that? And I am going to miss you so much." He leaned down, kissing her forehead and closing his eyes, just breathing in her scent for a moment. He set his hand over hers and Sherlock's, so that they were all connected. "I love you, baby," he murmured, nuzzling into her hair.
John shrugged, watching Hamish. “I suppose he’s going to be hungry soon,” he said quietly, knowing that he should probably wake Kat for lunch anyway.  “Want me to go make a bottle for him?” he asked, nuzzling into Sherlock’s hair and inhaling deeply.
Katherine tilted her head a little, looking at the man again. She stepped forward carefully, seeing all the small scars and bruises on the man's chest and arms. She sniffed again, reaching up and brushing some of his curls out of his face and behind his ear like Papa did for her. She blinked, looking at the mark that was on his neck. She pointed at it. "Wha’s that?" she asked.
