I’m awake!
“You, a royal prince, were going to move in with someone you just met?! And you wonder why your brother was upset?” John’s voice grew louder by the second as he turned fully in his seat.
“Well, now that you’ve mentioned it…” the window washer began, “I’ve got something 'ere that might make it a bit easier on you.” He reached for something in his pocket and presented it to the prince. He opened his hand to reveal a small glass bottle.
he declared, stepping away from the snow-woman and the indulgence she represented.
“Looking for criminals,” Sherlock answered simply.
He burrowed further under the duvet and took a deep, satisfied breath. Beside him, John turned on his side and started snoring in earnest.
phone
“My brother! Please help me!” Mycroft cried out.
“Sorry about that, old girl,” John yelled over the wind, patting Harry’s snout with his gloved hand. The reindeer snorted in reply and started to nose the bag that John held tightly in his other hand.
This entry is posted the day after the newly minted duo finishes their first case. John is excited to
, he’s the brightest, kindest, most generous person you’ll ever meet.”
Finally, he told the sergeant, “Ready both our horses. We leave at once.”
There was a shuffling at the back of the Ballroom as the crowd parted to let the king through.
"For his reindeer,” Sherlock interrupted from his armchair, already bored with the interaction.
Feeling a bit disappointed, John wiped his sweaty forehead and began pulling his block towards the cart.
Behind them, in the second row, sat an elderly couple, admiring the singers with raw delight. The man, with an impressive collection of medals pinned to his broad chest, was clearly a gambling addict, who had squandered -
He is frustrated that they haven’t caught the bomber yet, disappointed that Sherlock isn’t worried about the victims and perhaps a bit jealous that the bomber has engaged Sherlock’s attention in a way John feels he can’t compete with. That shows through in the way that he describes Sherlock’s actions through the case.
The prince hit the ground with a huff and ran into the hallway until he reached his brother’s room. He threw himself down on the cold marble floor and put his feet up against Mycroft’s door with a flourish. His parents were nowhere in sight. Nobody had seen him jump through the window.
“What celebrations?” Sherlock’s attention snapped back from his reverie at the unusual word.
A more patient man would have walked all the way to the edge and carefully lowered the rope towards the victim, but Sherlock had no time to waste. After giving it a couple of experimental tugs, he swung the pickaxe over his head and threw it as far as he could. He watched expectantly as it flew gracefully into the air and disappeared into the gorge.
He continues to describe the case and, as a sensible person, completely erases Mycroft from the narrative. What is not so sensible is that John puts himself in the scene of Hope’s murder. I don’t know about you, but if I were John I would just say “I drove after Sherlock and when I arrived the police was already there. The taxi driver had been shot!”. John, on the other hand, writes:
Mycroft tipped his head in welcome. “A pleasure, I’m sure. This is my brother, Prince Sherlock.”
Sherlock let out a low chuckle at the faux pas. He threw a leg over the windowsill and climbed out onto the slanted roof with practiced ease.
The snow woman’s eyes sparkled with delight as she recognized the man in front of her. “Sherlock! My stars, how you’ve grown!” she tottered happily towards the prince, reaching out to hold his hands in hers. He offered them without protest, amazed at how her skeletal hands could hold his own so tenderly.
Both young men sat in silence for a few moments, watching the morning sun dance over the ocean before them. Billy scratched his thigh and Sherlock sighed again.
John stood by the water channel, his little ice chisel forgotten in his hands. He was perplexed by the sound of the voices reverberating in the quiet valley, the words ressonating in his mind.
“I wish it had a little colour, you know? Maybe a bit of crimson here, maybe some teal there, perhaps some cerise… Oh my, not that!” the snow woman chuckled girlishly, “Cerise, with my skin tone, can you imagine?!” she asked her gobsmacked audience.
“Worked?”
Mycroft told himself and pushed on the handles to open the windows.
If this is what happened when people grew up, Sherlock hoped he never did.
He made his way slowly past Mycroft’s door towards his bedroom and closed his door firmly behind him.  Had his mind been clearer, he would have noticed that Mycroft’s door was now ajar.
“Bring me Mycroft’s coat and a blanket, quick.”
“No! Nonononono! Come back here!” he cried out, trying to stand up and falling again on his knees when his numb legs refused to obey him.
“Ice…?” John’s curiosity was peaked. He pulled on Harry’s lead, signaling her to stop.
Sherlock felt his cheeks warm up under John’s disbelieving stare. “Well, we just met this morning,” he argued, “I couldn’t work out all the details before Mycroft pulled this stunt.”
“Mycroft, no! You can’t do this!” he pleaded, reaching for his brother and grabbing his gloved hand.
“Hmhmhm…
After a few minutes, John’s breathing pattern remained the same. Sherlock reached a long arm towards his friend's left shoulder and pushed ever so slightly. Obligingly, the doctor turned on his right side and started snoring immediately. Again, Sherlock touched his shoulder and coaxed John into lying on his back.
This is my argument in favor of EMP and the fact that we may have entered it when Mary shot Sherlock. And to what purpose?
The study of John’s snoring had to be put on hold for some time. Sherlock solved the insipid Cornwall case by lunchtime and by 3 PM they were already on the train back to London, summoned by a text from Lestrade.
“Alright, fine.” Sherlock threw his hands up in defeat. “We had a disagreement about my choice of career.”
Their gazes held again as the princes tried to regain control over their breathing. This time, it was Jim who broke the moment, flopping down gracelessly on the roof’s ridge.
At the floor level, Mycroft kept the wave moving about with his left hand, while he produced another boat with his right hand. He took that boat up to Sherlock’s level using another snowy wave.
“I have no idea…” he admitted, dumbfounded.
He crowded the unfortunate girl. “Yes, I asked for a room with two beds!”
The boy finished his breakfast and took the dirty bowls to the wash basin. Feeling fortified after his warm meal, he set to work with energy, humming a melody he had heard the ice harvesters sing while they work.
Like a reflex, Mycroft felt himself repeating the mantra he had learned on that fateful night, but instead of soothing him, the words grew bitter in his mouth.
!” she sang as she tapped her snowy feet on the ice.
after
The prince was contemplating the calm waving of the moored ships down at the docks when a loud banging noise cut the stillness of the night, followed by the the sound of voices (
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?!” he yelled, filled with righteous indignation.
“What’s that?” Sherlock eyed the object in Billy’s palm with distrust.
“What about me?” Sherlock put down his fork. This conversation was making his stomach feel heavy and he didn’t feel like eating anymore.
I wanted to say thanks to all the wonderful people who have been leaving kudos and writing such nice comments! ❤️ I love you all!
He stood up and steered Mr Peterson towards the door. The man was so thankful he didn’t realize he was being dismissed. “Rest assured, Mr Peterson, I will find the necklace. Now if you will excuse me, we need to make some arrangements before we set off. Goodbye!”
Sherlock crossed his arms over his chest, trying to contain his nervous energy. “Yup,” he answered, popping the
Sherlock took another sip and nodded, “I am. Thank you…?”
he continued, making some heads turn to look at the finely dressed man standing on top of the parapet.
“No!” he interrupted, “I’m ok, never mind!” and set about his morning routine in earnest, like a big boy deserving of a big boy bed.
e’s no fun!”
Filled with renewed energy, Mycroft turned towards the mountain's jagged summit and broke into a run. The burning in his muscles was not painful anymore, but grounding. He was alive, this moment was his and he could do anything he wanted to with it.
The Queen covered her mouth to hold her shocked gasp.
The prince gave him his most winning smile. Now he was asking the right questions. “We just follow the wind. As long as we got a wet finger, we’ll be fine. And I bet Mycroft’s fat arse will keep him from climbing too high up the mountains.”
“Get up,” the silhouette ordered in the rumbling baritone of the royal prince.
Suddenly, the Queen appeared at her husband’s side, followed by a group of distraught maids. She was still tying her robe around her slight frame when she stopped at the sight of the room. Her face lost all colour when she noticed her sons.
Here we go, first song!
“Are you alright?” the prince asked between huffs.
Mycroft gathered his courage and spoke up. “Could you… could you take away my…?”
His father held out his hand and Mycroft gulped. Meekly, he left the relative safety of her mother’s side and stepped forward. A soldier helped him up and sat him in front of the King.
!” It’s not like the blog isn’t public. Online… And we know she knew about the blog, you can see her comments in posts after Sherlock’s fall from St. Barts.
There was a loaded silence, before the Queen spoke in a low, menacing tone. “What did you just say?”
“And the ball?”
By now, we can start constructing some sort of timeline for the show using the posts and the comments:
He felt his heartbeat hammer in his ears and sweat pool on his brow as he dangled from the roof. Not to be deterred, Sherlock decided to swing his legs back and forth, gaining enough momentum to push his feet against the Palace wall. Slowly but steadily, he was able to take enough steps upwards to push, first his elbows and then his torso, over the roof. From there it was easy work to push one leg up and then the other.
”His movements were so silent. So furtive, he reminded me of a trained bloodhound picking out a scent.”
The prince's eyes widened in surprise. It was disconcerting to hear the cheerful man speak so lightly of murder.
“I’m not cranky!” John shouted from somewhere behind him.
Sherlock hugged his brother tightly. “Thank you!” he climbed inside the boat and looked at his crew mate. “Come on Redbeard, we have a job to do!”
The spell was broken by the sound of approaching footsteps. The young prince jumped up and ran back towards his room, closing the door after him.
(the client from that case, C Melas, is commenting on this case) and before
But before he could answer, Anderson cried out, still unsettlingly pale and shivering, "You saw what happened; the king tried to kill us all!"
The boy’s boat kept swinging about as it approached the enemy’s once again. “We will bring justice-” the boat gave a sudden lurch and Redbeard toppled over the edge.
“That’s because you’re in hypothermia, you idiot!” the man replied curtly while Angelo deposited the prince in an armchair by the fire. “Sit down and give me your feet!” he ordered.
, which we can assume is Moriarty (I’ll talk more about this in a future post, just take my word for it for now…)
From that moment on, no one else bothered him. His meals appeared on a platter outside his bedroom whenever Sherlock decided to open his door and his bed was magically cleaned every time the sheets became too dirty.
Mr Peterson, butler to the Lady Violet Herbert, came to 221B at the end of his wits. The elderly lady, clearly experiencing the first stages of dementia, had taken to hiding her precious jewelry in various nooks and crannies of her castle in fear of being robbed, and then promptly forgetting she had done so. Mr Peterson had so far been able to find all of the hidden items and return them to his employer's jewelry-box - except for an emerald necklace. And now Lady Violet was accusing Mr Peterson of stealing and threatening to throw him out in disgrace!
(The only thing I can’t explain is why the editor marks the date as “Tuesday”. Could it be because that’s the current date?)
The man was about his age, perhaps a bit younger (or older?) and considerably shorter than him. His dark brown hair was perfectly slicked back from his face, showing large brown eyes and an open smile. He was dressed in a white and gold suit, with pearl buttons and a deep red silk sash across his chest.
He brushed his hands on his robe and stood back to admire his work. Mycroft stood beside him with his arms crossed.
In his giddiness, he sang out loud.
An approving smile grew on his lips when he saw his reflection. He had to admit he cut a rather dashing figure. His black curls fell in calculated disarray over his slim face, with entrancing blue-gray eyes, high cheekbones and full lips. He had regained a bit of weight in the last two months, and although he was still a few pounds too thin, his perfectly tailored suit gave the illusion of elegance instead of malnourishment.
“I said, do you want to solve a murder?” Mycroft repeated, a hint of frustration permeating his tone.
“Anyway, frozen hearts can be dangerous, boy! And they can freeze everything around them!” Danny stood up and reached for his ice pick. The other harvesters took his lead and stood up as well.
, the troll chief had said.
“No,” the King replied, leaving no room for argument. “We’ll go alone.”
The ice harvester dropped his bags with a huff and lit the gas lamp hanging by the door. He rolled his shoulders and took an appreciative look around
John grumbled and turned away from the voice. He hid his face in Harry’s coarse hair and sighed deeply. Everything was warm and comfortable. Perfect.
“I’ve read about this,” the King explained as they led their horses through the Palace’s gates. “If Sherlock has been… frozen by Mycroft’s magic, we need to melt it."
Had he not been so focused on galloping after his brother and into the supernaturally cold night, he might have remembered that a light cotton suit and kidskin gloves were not adequate clothing to face a snowstorm.
He gave the King and Queen a short bow as they approached. They did not try to touch him, but smiled kindly nonetheless.
Anderson’s histrionics were cut short by the trotting of Sherlock’s horse, being led into the courtyard by one of the guards. Silently grateful for the interruption, the prince mounted his black mare with one graceful motion and took hold of her reigns.
“Guards! Guards!” he called down the corridor.
If only he had ignored Sherlock and stayed in bed, his brother would have been safe. He was the older brother, he was supposed to be the sensible one. Why had he given in?
The King stood up straighter, trying to shake away his amazement at the sight before him. “Do what you must.” he told the ancient troll.
“I put Mrs Thompson in charge. I simply can’t spare the time for it,” the older brother raised a hand in fabricated frustration.
In a very meta way, Mrs Hudson, who doesn’t have a computer, uses Mrs Turner’s computer to log in to John’s blog. She is also using Mrs Turner’s account, so every comment that she makes is signed as ‘Marie Turner’.
“Excuse me?” came the response, in a tone as icy as the wind blowing against the window panes.
Mycroft rolled his eyes in pretend annoyance and hid behind the newly named Mrs Hudson.
They sang together, smiling at each other.
And why do I keep saying the post is unpublished?
“John,” Sherlock called again, more vigorously this time.
Mycroft pushed the study door open, concealing his trepidation under an icy glare directed at the footmen waiting outside.
“Hey, mate!” Billy greeted him, formalities long forgotten.
!” Mrs Hudson hopped and tapped her heels together, dancing as energetically as her little feet would let her.
2. Whitehall - Although a physical location in London, it's also used as metonym to refer to the civil service section of the UK government.
It’s funny how someone who we haven’t met in the show (yet!) has such an important role in the blog. I would say that she is, along with Sherlock, responsible for the majority of the comments on the blog.
Consider the following premises:
Remember, comments and kudos are love.
Startled, Mycroft turned and pulled away from Sherlock’s grasp, leaving him holding his empty glove. Wrong-footed, Sherlock gaped at the oddly cold item in his hand before fixing his brother with a defiant stare. In front of him, Mycroft stood wide eyed and pale as a sheet, holding his naked hand against his chest.
. I believe he is the one that is going to make the story move forwards, not backwards.
he told them.
“John’s helping me find my brother," Sherlock interjected, pointedly ignoring John’s embarrassment, "have you seen him?”
Sherlock furrowed his brow. John was just making fun of him, now. He pushed his friend on his back to keep him quiet, but John just turned on his other side and continued snoring. Sherlock could finally see why people used the phrase “sawing logs”. The doctor's breathing could rival any working chainsaw. He briefly considered waking him up, but that would just mean John would be cranky all day long. He did need his sleep.
"I don’t… My parents are gone," he tried to explain, not meeting her eyes. Sensing his distress, Harry ran towards John and pushed her head under one of his arms.
“So... you’ve got questions,” the prince’s deep voice startled John from his intense focus on the path ahead.
His mother clenched her jaw and took a deep breath before arguing, “I just told you, he’ll have different lessons, you’ll get distracted if-”
. Not just the soldier who will shoot monstrous hounds and power through Eurus’ maze, not the doctor who does locum work at the clinic and marries his nurse - the army doctor who is has seen violent deaths, the one who knows how to treat gun-shot victims in the field.
“Just Redbeard!” Sherlock replied, annoyed, “We need to find the
“If you don’t mind me askin’, sir...” Billy tried again, more quietly this time. “What happened to your brother?”
Confused by his brother’s dispassionate attitude, Sherlock picked up the envelope from the bed and stared dumbly at it, frowning against the fog in his mind. “Why? What's this?” he asked, weighing it in his hands.
he begged.
Sherlock's coat is based on the black corset Anna wears with her winter outfit. If you google it you'll see the floral pattern I mentioned in the chapter.
Mistaking Sherlock’s silence for interest, Anderson continued in his conspiratorial tone. “I’m to be appointed to Londondalle soon, and what better place to start building my network than with the royal prince, hm?” he asked with a smirk.
“That man over there, though…” Sherlock gestured at his new suspect, who was apparently ignoring the conversation around him in favour of staring at another man on the other side of the room.
“Hullo there, your princeness. I just thought to check in on you, see how you were doin’,” he said, as casually as one would greet a friend on the street.
“Uh, nothing… Just, go back to sleep, it’s nothing,” Sherlock answered quickly, waving his hand in dismissal.
The following weeks brought deep changes to the Palace life as well. The gates were shut and additional guards were posted along the walls. Inside the Palace, the staff was reduced to a bare minimum and, to compensate for the lack of maids, the East Wing was closed off, its windows shuttered and the furniture covered in sheets. There were no more dinner parties or guests for tea, and all official business was done in the Town Hall.
“People do little else,” Sherlock added with a knowing smirk. John tilted his head in agreement and both men let silence fall between them, now a bit more comfortably than before.
Had he thought about it for long enough, John would have considered himself almost relieved that his drunken father had disappeared and left him behind. Gone where the days when he was dragged from town to town, looking for someone who would employ his father. He wouldn't need to look for him in the taverns and pick him up from the streets, anymore.
He took his hand away and strands of blue light left Sherlock’s forehead, gathering in the troll’s open palm. He pushed his hand upwards and the light sprang up in the air, forming an image of the two brothers as they were playing in the snowy ballroom, just an hour before.
Mycroft stopped in his tracks and fixed Sherlock with an icy glare. “I am the Crown Prince of Londondalle, I do not require
It’s interesting to know that John wouldn’t pick up his phone all through the day and only answered his sister and therapist’s worried comments in the afternoon. Afterwards, he continued to not pick up his
Turning around, Sherlock saw Anderson amid the crowd, pointing an accusing finger at Mycroft. One by one, the remaining guests broke from their trance and began to whisper agitatedly to each other. Emboldened, Anderson took a step forward, still pointing at Mycroft, who stood, stunned and wide eyed, behind an arch of protective spikes.
After three months of waiting, the perfect case landed on his lap.
Mycroft raised his icy blue eyes towards his father. “Do you have to go?” he asked in a subdued tone.
“Yes!” he answered, delighted. Under him, the suspect groaned into the carpet and tried to shuffle away from Sherlock’s grasp.
He pushed the reindeer’s head away and chided, “No, we need to get out of this storm, first!”
“Mycroft,” the King called out.
The other man cleared his throat awkwardly and answered “Uh, yes, where are we going?”
“Can I say something even crazier? Yes!”
Sherlock turned to address that comment when he suddenly noticed the room tilting sideways. The man’s large hands grabbed the prince's shoulders just before his knees gave way, keeping him upright just by the sheer strength of their grip.
John nodded solemnly, but the effect was lost over his porridge smudged face.
I'm soooo sorry for the hiatus, but between life's general shittiness and writer's block, this chapter was very hard to put to words. But hopefully now I can go back to a kinda-sorta rhythm with this fic. Remember, comments and kudos make me very happy :)Still unbeta-ed for now, may be edited later.
On our last episode, I wrapped up the blog posts concerning ASIP, so it’s time for
The horses were quickly saddled and brought to the front gates. The King put on his woolen cloak and mounted his horse, a steel-gray stallion. He waited silently while the maids put the Queen’s cloak on her shoulders and tied it for her, since she refused to let go of Sherlock, unconscious in her arms.
The Grand Stamford nodded and raised his staff in the air, pointing the crystal at the flickering image. “I recommend we remove all magic from the young prince’s head, even memories of magic, to be safe.”
es. Not pala
John found the reindeer standing in two feet of snow, with her head bowed against the wind. He rushed to meet her as best he could through, but he quickly realized he needn’t have worried. The reindeer’s ears perked up as soon as she noticed John approaching and bounded happily to meet him halfway, apparently unaffected by the cold.
Sherlock placed his cup on the side table and steepled his fingers under his chin in a deliberately slow, contemplative pace.
Sherlock drew a long breath as his shoulders relaxed. As happy as he was that the pickpocket had been caught, the outcome had been decidedly anti-climatic. He wished the boy would at least be allowed to take the thief to prison...  The boy didn’t look very happy with the outcome, either. He patted the reindeer’s head and mounted it quietly. They made their way through the crowded streets and disappeared from Sherlock’s view. The people in the streets continued on with their day, already forgetting what that brave boy had just done.
Jim grabbed Sherlock’s offered hand with both of his
“John.”
Mr Murray probably wouldn’t mind if he got home a little bit later… Without losing a moment, he jumped out of the sledge, released Harry and jumped on her back.
he complained.
His eyes locked with his brother’s over the edge of the report, analyzing. Sherlock raised his chin in defiance against his brother's scrutiny.
And Sherlock may find this unacceptable, but not for the reasons we find this unacceptable. We know why this is a wrong path, we want to see Sherlock in a place where his mind and his emotions live harmoniously and where John can break from his emotional repression and his guilt. We want the story to take the step forward and break away from 1895.
Sherlock raised his hands reverently into the air and the colourful aura ran down his arms, covering his body and spilling onto the floor. Slowly, the colours spread all around him and, soon enough, everything around Sherlock was alive in a warm, colourful light. He tilted his head from one side to the other, making the colours dance. The desolate corridor now glowed in such vibrant tones that Sherlock couldn’t help but sigh in admiration.
Mrs Hudson is still using Mrs Turner computer. We learn that she does Sherlock’s laundry… Not your housekeeper, huh?
Suddenly, he noticed that his vision was becoming blurry. Looking at the windowpane, he realized that there was frost climbing steadily up the window, not from the cold weather outside but from his own hands, freezing the windowsill where they touched it. He stepped back from the window, horrified. He didn’t mean to do that at all.
The inn’s interior was as dismal as the exterior. The beige walls were freshly painted but the decor hadn’t been touched since the early 70’s. The young woman at the desk was distractedly typing away at her phone, but put it away immediately when she noticed Sherlock’s presence.
“Mycroft, listen to me,” his father ordered. His voice took the gravity he normally employed to admonish his ministers. “You are my son, the Crown Prince of Londondalle. You can do this. Are we clear?”
“Bloody hell!” he yelled, sitting up in alarm.
Mycroft fixed his brother with a gelid gaze. “We? Who’s ‘we’?”
“Then I told Agnes, I said,” Danny halted his story to take another hearty bite of fish, “I said, ‘I was talking to a customer at the shop, that’s why I’m home late!’, and she said ‘If you like your customers so much, see if they’ll cook your dinner, because I’m going to my mother’s!’” The audience erupted in laughter. Danny was a natural storyteller and his romantic misadventures were a favourite among the ice harvesters.
“Have a pint with us!” one of the more inebriated men sloshed his mug in his direction.
Sherlock looked over the edge of the boat, down to his brother. “Where?”
“Oh, come on, I told you about my fight with Mycroft,” the prince all but whined as the ice harvester approached. “I tell you mine; you tell me yours. Isn’t that how it works?”
a plot summary for the story.
The two men walked swiftly along the edge of the garden, locked in an intense argument. The first man, a short, portly gentleman with a shock of white hair was gesticulating angrily at a slighter man in simpler clothes, who rebutted the attacks with a raised finger and a stern voice. Sherlock was scanning the rest of the garden when he noticed a third figure lurking behind a wisteria covered column - a young man, dressed in a plain, dark suit, was peeking from behind the foliage at the unsuspecting pair.
The young woman turned to John, with tears in her eyes. “I’m sorry sir, but we have no other available rooms. Maybe I can call the nearest inn, see if they-”
Sherlock stuck his tongue out at the guard’s retreating back but he almost bit it off when a scream broke through the silence. Sherlock ran back towards the window, following the sound. His eyes widened like saucers at what he saw. In the town square, the crowd had parted to make space for two figures, locked in a fight. One of them was the pickpocket and the other was a blond boy, around Mycroft’s age, who was trying to pin down the thief. Even more surprising, there was a reindeer taking part in the fight, trying to bite the man’s ankles.
Too soon, the Royal Orb and Scepter were presented to him on another burgundy pillow and Mycroft had to push down the insane need to flee. He flexed his hands experimentally beside him before reaching quickly for the items. He stopped in his tracks when the Bishop discreetly pulled the pillow away from his reach.
The younger prince scrunched his nose in deep thought. “
"We’re working. We’re ice harvesters." John said, puffing out his chest. When that didn't elicit any answer from the troll, he continued, "We, huh, cut ice from the lake and…"
mention other times when this tilting effect is used. Every time, the camera angle keeps Sherlock vertical and tilts the rest of reality.
". Even Mycroft would ignore him most of the little time they spent together. He refused any invitation to play with downcast eyes and a mumbled excuse, and any attempt to get his attention at meal time (by means of increasingly more offensive taunts or flung objects) usually ended in Sherlock being grounded to his room.
I don’t know the first thing about making gifs, but if you watch the “shock blanket” scene, you will notice that Lestrade gives a knowing little smile after Sherlock describes the shooter, backtracks and excuses himself to go talk to John.
"No!” Jim interjected, “Sherlock’s completely ordinary, I can assure you. I mean…” he trailed off, suddenly aware of how that sounded. “You know what I mean. Sorry."
a child!” Sherlock repeated as he climbed down the stairs.
Sherlock turned his nose up in the air and left, making sure to leave both the bathroom and the bedroom doors wide open.
John had been fast asleep when a cold gust of wind and snow blasted him in the face.
Sherlock thumbed through the pages in his lap as he considered the problem. “You expect me to solve a cold case in less than four months? You must be desperate to solve this if you came to me for help,” he chuckled contemptuously.
"Prince Sherlock, what happened?" Lestrade asked, brow furrowed with deep concern.
If he had looked outside, he would have seen his brother’s black curls as he stubbornly tried to make his way against the moving crowd. Realizing that there were too many people on the bridge that connected the Palace courtyard to the town square, Sherlock swiftly jumped onto the stone parapet to avoid the moving crowd.
The reindeer mewled in protest but let John lead her back to the sledge. After laboriously strapping Harry into her harness, he helped her push the sledge into motion, ignoring the shooting pain in his right leg.
Here is what I think happened:
, he thought bitterly, and what an idiot Sherlock was to believe in him. The bloody drug was useless...
As soon as the last word was uttered, Mycroft turned hastily back and all but dropped the chilled items on the pillow. He took back his gloves and put them on slowly, using the time to assess the damage. There were no ice crystals forming on either the Orb and Scepter, and although the gold looked duller from being chilled, it looked almost normal to the unsuspecting eye. Mycroft risked a look at the Bishop, who was smiling benignly at the cheering crowd, unaware of what had just happened. Even Sherlock, standing a few feet away from him, didn’t seem to have noticed. His younger brother flashed him with a slight smile, looking almost… proud?
“No, you said hold on. I’m holding on,” the prince answered as he resumed his barrage against the wolves. He had just tripped one wolf with John’s spare shoes when another one jumped from the opposite side of the sledge and bit down on John’s sleeve, pushing him out with it.
and not
The remaining guard sheathed his sword and approached the boys with caution, displaying his open hands in front of him. He knew little about how magic worked, but he knew better than to confront a scared boy that could summon ice shards as big as the ones around him.
He was faintly aware of the door clicking shut as he spread the documents over his bed. He soon realized his eyes wouldn’t fix on a paragraph for long enough before the letters started to glow, so he decided to sort the pages into stacks as he waited for the drug to wear off. First he chose the reports, then the diagrams and maps, and then the case notes. Then, as his brain lifted from the fog of the drug, he organized each stack by date to build a timeline. Soon enough, his mind began to build a mental image of the crime scene and he found himself walking through his Mind Palace with a purpose, picking bits and pieces of information to form a cohesive image.
Siiddaat - Reindeer herding groups constituted by several Sámi families and their herds.
So, what if
Once again, there was a minute falter in John’s step and his shoulders raised another fraction of an inch. “Of course not,” he sputtered, absentmindedly raising a hand to pet Harry’s neck. “It comes and goes… I had an accident-”
He stifled a yawn and looked up at the starry sky. In front of him, Harry kept a steady pace through the dark forest. The way back to the cabins was long, and it was made longer still when one’s means of transportation was powered by a reindeer calf. Everyone would already be in bed when they arrive…
His eyes widened at the shopkeeper’s generosity. “And a new pick-axe?” he tried.
All of a sudden, a white shadow came into shape a few feet below the surface. John leaned forward to try and make it out. Slowly, the shadow grew fins and a billowy tail and John realized he was looking at an enormous fish. It’s movements were calm and mesmerizing and its scales shone silver and blue where they caught the sunshine. The fish danced in and out of sight as it hid under the ice, only to appear again in the sunlit water. So entranced was John by his discovery that he didn’t hear the cracking under his hands.
” he sang through the keyhole.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Your Majesty,” the man began, “my country sends its best wishes of peace and prosperity to the new king.”
Sherlock smiled when he noticed Jim mouthing silently, “
There are a few interesting threads in the comments of
“Send soldiers to the southern coast to look for any wreckage.” Mycroft’s voice was clear and sober. “You will inform me if they find anything of significance.”
"Oh, sir! I've searched every inch of the castle for the necklace and came out empty handed," the butler lamented. "If anyone can find the missing jewelry it's you, Mr Holmes! Please, will you come?"
Suddenly, a strained voice called out from the abyss, breaking Sherlock from his trance.
” she smiled sweetly at Harry, who grunted in reply.
The Ballroom fell silent at Sherlock’s imperious call. Even the orchestra petered to a stop, leaving a stunned stillness in the air.
When he realized that Ella was still waiting for him to introduce himself, John stood up and shook her stony hand. It was surprisingly warm to his touch.
The prince made his way discreetly down the stage towards one of the tables propped against the walls. He took a glass of wine and pretended to sip it as he studied the people around him.
“It’s ok, just-” John cleared his throat before pointing towards Whitehall Mountain, “You said to follow the wind- so, this way, isn’t it?”
“Mycroft.”
The fun of these two blog entries lie on the comments. Remember that John and Sherlock got back home after being hired by Seb and finding Van Coon’s body. They have a potential murder case on their hands. The boys get back home and John goes to his room and types up both entries. I’ll go through the comments in chronological order.
Sherlock was lying in his bed, eyes closed and humming to himself, happily riding the coattails of his latest high, when a thick envelope was dropped on his chest. He sat up in disoriented alarm, eyes wide and arms flailing about, before he realized that Mycroft was standing next to his bed, looking as calm and collected as ever.
.. John is coming down from the adrenalin high and is feeling like he’s in a super spy movie. The same super spy movies he and Sherlock had binge watched a few days before.
“Obviously.”
We did not question the changed skull painting in TAB because the rest of the set had obligingly changed around it too. We assumed that the skull painting had changed because we were not in the show’s “reality” but in something different.
It those other moments where the same tilting effect is used, there are no props sliding. This instance is unique because of this.
With an aggravated sigh, Sherlock closed his laptop and stepped out of the bathtub. He took a moment to stretch his aching back and neck.
“Deductions...” Sherlock whispered as he dropped down onto an empty balcony.
Mycroft took his cue and moved his hands up. A snowy wave appeared under the boat and pushed it upwards with a jolt.
A cry of alarm teared through the Ballroom. The moment hung frozen in the air as the people tried to make sense of what their eyes were telling them.
It took the prince a few seconds to sit back up and look around them. There was a pack of
Sherlock grumbled and turned away from the voice. He crossed his thick velvet robe tighter against his chest and sighed deeply. The bright morning sun shone through the window, gently kissing his face. Everything was warm. Perfect.
“Because...” she let out a frustrated sigh and tried again “Sherlock, that’s just the way things are.”
Sherlock let himself lie on the bed for a few more seconds before trailing after his parents, already walking down the main stairway. Mycroft was waiting at the foot of the stairs, with a perfect posture and a sombre face.
was standing before him and it wanted to shake his hand! His eyes scanned the fantastical being. Ella wasn't much taller than him. Her entire body was made of grey stone, except for the grassy hair that she wore in a ponytail. Her eyes were much like human eyes, forest green and friendly. Like the trolls below, she had a humped back, short limbs and disproportionately large hands and feet. She wore a tunic made of moss and a necklace that bore several little glowing gems. Her feet were bare, with small patches of grass on her toes.
“What are you doing?!” John asked, perplexed.
The wind was picking up, and Sherlock could feel the cold seeping through the thin layers of his suit, raising goosebumps across his skin. He almost jumped when he felt Jim’s warm hands on his shoulders.
There was no point in waking John at this hour to make him drink alcohol and eat fatty foods (where could one find a chip shop at 2.30 AM in St. Ives?). Opening the windows to irritate John’s oversensitive sinuses was not time-effective and probably would be considered a bit not good. Besides, the case that had brought them to rural Cornwall was still unfolding and although it looked like a disappointing case of embezzlement, Sherlock should make sure to keep them both in perfect health in case the suspects proved to be a bit more slippery than estimated.
He could feel the cold tendrils of hopelessness curling around his heart and constricting his chest.
Sherlock's knees hit the frozen ground as he watched the ice spreading across the bay, slowly trapping the moored ships in a cold embrace. In the distance, the burgundy speck that was his brother disappeared into the dark forest.
Today we’ll look at the blog posts relative to ASIP.
Tired of staring at the passers-by (who were giving him an increasingly wider berth) in hopes to find a criminal, Sherlock decided to continue exploring the town. He was eager to look closer at the places he had only known from the library window, inspect every nook and cranny, but he knew his time was limited. At least for now.
Sherlock clapped, delighted at his new ice rink. “Wow, Mycroft! I’ve never
growing up, we are giving each of you a separate room.”
The prince took a step back and raised his chin, daring Billy to cut through the mindless banter and get to the point. “What do you think?” he answered.
He’d won. Take that, Mycroft.
“John!”
“Yes, of course,” she answered with a nervous smile. “Here’s your key, let me show you to your room.”
From the corner of his eye, Mycroft saw a few men in the crowd making a tentative move towards him.
He turned back to the young woman. “This was not what I asked for,” he said, testily.
“I am…” Sherlock narrowed his eyes at Billy. “Why?” he asked, burying his cold hands under his armpits.
A thunder of applause burst through, but instead of stepping forward, Mycroft turned towards his brother, mouth open as if to speak. Sherlock saw a dark shadow flash in his eyes before he closed his mouth again and walked into the Ballroom.
Sherlock anticipates that he is going to survive, but he will still be alone. Mary will be gone, yes, but she is going to die as a martyr and her ghost will dictate how Sherlock and John will live. John is going to be alone, consumed with grieve and guilt, raising Rosie. He is not going to come back to Baker Street. They will both be lonely. Most of all, Sherlock will fail in his first and only Vow - to keep the three Watsons safe.
Angelo’s small brown eyes twinkled with mischief and he ruffled the prince’s still damp curls.
“That’s alright, we’ll take it,” John said calmly.
"Please, I need your help!" the man pleaded with the stone walls.
There was a quick knock on the window that made Sherlock jump up in alarm. Turning around, the prince saw Billy standing outside on his window washer's platform, waving happily at him.
I’ll delve into this in detail when I write about the sideblogs, but it’s important to note that Jim from IT has already approached Molly. John’s instinct was right, dark forces are closing in and he is clearly ill at ease.
“You, busy? Pull the other one!” Billy laughed and took out a small wooden box from the bag, standing up with a groan befitting an old man. “I’ll tell you what, I’ll sell you a smaller sample for you to try… When you 'ave the time, that is,” he added, raising a placating hand. “I wouldn’t want my favourite customer to miss out on this one.”
He was trying to will himself back into unconsciousness when he heard a knock outside. He groaned softly and curled his back, waiting for the intrusive noise to disappear. But the noise kept interrupting his rest with a thoroughly irritating tapping, until Sherlock couldn’t take it any longer.
“John…” Sherlock called out, confused, while the other man stood back up with a grunt.
Feeling cornered, the king took a step back and clutched his naked hand against his chest, eyes roaming wildly for an escape route. Mycroft’s panic mounted when he realized he was slowly being surrounded by the curious townspeople, eager to see their new king.
4. The phrase "Alone never bothered anyway." was taken from @kittenkin's post on tumbrl and my inspiration to write this fic. Many thanks to them.<3
So, did John give her his consent to read this? Did John “Has Trust Issues” Watson give her the password to his blog? I would argue that no, she was reading it without his consent. John was obviously uncomfortable when he realized what was happening. He did say
Sherlock observed the woman for a moment before letting out a frustrated sigh. “No… she’s just debating whether to have another slice of cheesecake or not. I would advise her against it, considering her lactose intolerance,” he declared, already looking for another suspect.
The actual story will continue in the next chapter, where Mycroft will take matters into his hands.
He waved both hands up and down and sideways, like a crazed maestro. The waves followed his movements, while the boats lurched on top, eight feet from the ground.
“Because you’re not a rich man,” Sherlock answered in the rapid-fire pattern John was starting to associate with him. “You depend on the profits of each ice-harvesting season to survive the rest of the year, and this season has been abruptly cut short. Besides, carrot prices will surely skyrocket with all this ill timed snow. Entire crops, ruined!”
“What’s wrong?”
The case is wrapped and the guys go see Seb at the bank to collect their payment.
For your consideration:
The people screamed in terror and stepped back from him, holding their terrified children and huddling close together. At that moment, the Gaulian Ambassador appeared at the door.
Sherlock waved away Jim’s concerns, “Yes, I’m fine, don’t worry.” He was fine, better than fine, actually.
The Queen’s smile began to fray at the edges. “You’re becoming a big boy too, and because you are
“There must be an answer in those books of yours. Look again!”
He stepped around the mess of papers on the carpet with a spring in his step and laid the suit carefully on the upturned bed, humming a happy tune.
He brushed a hand against his drying eyes in irritation, but recoiled with a start when his touch burned against his face. Inspecting his open palm with some trepidation, the prince could see that the contour of his fingers were glowing a soft pink, then bright yellow, then vibrant green, changing colour whenever he moved them.
The younger guard nodded his understanding and ran out to find the King and Queen. He had heard that the prince heir had some sort of power over the elements, but never would he imagine that the boy could transform an entire ballroom into a winter landscape.
A guard came running to meet him, hand on his sword’s hilt. “Yes, your Highness! What’s wrong?” he asked, slightly out of breath.
udy room either?!” Sherlock felt his eyes grow warm with impending tears. Why did they want to take Mycroft away from him?
Sherlock glanced at him. “What do you know?”
So my theory is -
Today I decided to talk a bit about Harry Watson.
Mycroft broke into a run to reach his brother’s inanimate form. He fell to his knees and carefully turned Sherlock on his back. Placing his head gingerly on his lap, Mycroft gave silent thanks when he realized his brother was still breathing. Besides the large bruise already forming above Sherlock’s left eyebrow, Mycroft was shocked to notice that one of the black curls that fell on his brother’s forehead had turned completely white.
They had already walked out of the Ballroom and into the deserted Main Hall when Jim let go of Sherlock’s arm.
“Yes…”
John fixed the prince with his most commanding stare. “Go back to bed, you maniac! You should be resting.”
“You don’t know...?” John repeated, turning to face the prince again.
he sang.
Sherlock opened his bleary eyes and squinted against the bright sunshine. He looked down at his legs to realize he was being poked with a wet mop. And that wet mop was being wielded by a man, struggling to reach him from below the roof’s edge.
Not like the soft snuffles of the boys in his old dormitory or the wheezing coughs and whines of the junkies that infested his usual dens. He snored with an open-mouthed, palate-vibrating, chest-ressonating inhalation that might have made the inn’s old window panes flutter in their frames if they weren't firmly closed against the cold October night.
“Why?” was Jim’s only response.
Feeling the excitement, Harry started to hop around them.
Sherlock waddled through the thick snow after the reindeer, his heart still uncomfortably lodged in his throat. He let himself fall to his knees next to the ice harvester, who was still trying to push Harry’s snout out of his face.
Mycroft only furrowed his brow further. “I’m not joking, Sherlock. I’ll tell Father if you don’t come down.”
“Welcome sir, please have a look around, I’ll be with you shortly.” Sherlock could hear Angelo calling out in the distance.
Sherlock looked at the people around him, scanning their faces with hope. One of them would surely have a criminal disposition.
“What?” the shopkeeper’s balding head shot up from behind a shelf.
Mycroft's head snapped up when he heard a cry somewhere up in the trees. His eyes scanned the dark forest that loomed over them, but he could see no signs of movement. He took a shaky breath and let his gaze once again. He could feel gentle heat was radiating from the ground and warming the soles of his feet. With a startle he realized that there was no more mist sprouting from his hands. Was it because of the trolls?
Suddenly, Sherlock heard a loud rattle coming from inside his Mind Palace. Closing his eyes, he quickly searched for the source of the sound and found himself standing in the dark, dust-covered halls of the East Wing. He was facing a long wall of closed doors with rotting wood and rusty locks. The door in front of him was shaking in its frame, shedding spider webs and flecks of paint with every motion. He reached forward to open the door, and it rattled harder and harder at his approach.
“Can I say something crazy?” he asked Sherlock, not waiting for an answer, either. “Will you move in with me? We can be partners! Fight crime together!”
Hey, I'm back! My apologies for the long hiatus, but work has been hectic in this post-confinement times. Here is another chapter, beta-ed by the lovely CamillaCarmine <3. Please enjoy!
The unfortunate prince tumbled down the steep hill with his head tucked in his arms, until he rolled to a stop at the bottom of an ice cold stream. As soon as he touched the water, instinct took over and he jolted up and away from the stream, mindless of direction or plan.
“Oh, I think it is my business. I don’t want the king turning me into a big ice lolly just because I helped you find him.”
“What more do you want from me?!” Mycroft interrupted, throwing up his hands in frustration.
The sense of relief started to disappear, however, as the warmth that first felt so blissful against his skin began coiling under his clothes and around his limbs, making him feel nauseous and light-headed. His vision was blurring worryingly around the edges when a large man walked in from one of the back rooms, with open arms and a wide smile.
“Come, your Highness, let’s get you cleaned. Please excuse us!” he took Sherlock’s elbow and swiftly led him away, leaving Anderson to stare back at them in bafflement.
Hundreds of eyes turned towards him as soon as he stepped outside, surprised and delighted to have their king in their midst.
Billy’s body was as gaunt as his face, his limbs long and wiry. For someone who supposedly worked with water and soap all day, he didn’t smell like he gave his body the same treatment as his windows. He sat next to Sherlock, a respectful couple of feet away from the prince.
The fire was already roaring in the kitchen’s hearth, painting everything in rich orange hues. Bill stood by the iron cauldron that bubbled over the fire, pouring porridge into large bowls. Harry was gobbling up her bucket full of oats by the washing basin. John patted her rump on his way to the table. He accepted his porridge from Bill with a yawned ‘thank you’.
, why?”
His smile disappeared uncomfortably when Sherlock remained still, silently staring him down. Perhaps if Sherlock gave him nothing to work with, the Ambassador would just give up and scurry off back to his friends, and Mycroft wouldn’t accuse him of saying something impolite to his guests.
“I told you-”
In both cases, Sherlock is very critical of John’s writing. He argues that the posts should be scientific and analytical in nature, focusing on logic and his deductive reasoning. But he kind of gives away his game with the hissy fit he throws at the beginning of TGG. He isn’t bothered about John’s tendency to romanticize their adventures, at least not too much.
“No reason, sir. I'm just surprised to see you, is all.” Billy explained. “My old man used to work at the Palace when you was little, you see? Used to tell us stories about how you and your brother would run around the Palace, gettin’ in all kinds of trouble.” He flashed a conspiratorial smile at the prince, but it melted quickly when confronted with Sherlock’s stony look. “Then one day, he was sent home with a bag of money, sayin’ they was closing down the gates and that they wouldn’t be needin’ a big staff no more.”
His mind set, Sherlock began shuffling through the snow, his gaze focused intently on his feet should they dare disobey him. So focused was he that he did not notice how his path ended abruptly in a steep drop. Before he could realize his mistake, Sherlock had stepped over the edge, without even time to yell in surprise.
She isn’t talking about the online bits of the blog. She is talking about the unpublished entries, the parts of the blog that are accessible only to John. And from the next two lines of the dialogue you can infer that this isn’t the first time they have had this conversation. I think Mary had already asked John to see the unpublished posts (has he told her about them before?) and was denied (
The ice harvester’s eyebrows disappeared under his woolen hat. “Career? You’re a prince.”
It was only when he was sitting on his bed again that Sherlock realized that Mycroft's bed was empty.
Step after step, the water froze under his feet, and soon he was running as fast as he could towards the dark cliffs, the sound of his brother’s desperate call echoing across the bay.
Remember, kudos and comments are love <3
Jim stepped closer to ostensibly look over Sherlock’s shoulder and down at the crowd. The prince felt a shiver running down his spine when Jim’s amused chuckle resonated close to his ear.
Mycroft’s smile became a little more honest. “The very same.”
Sherlock was rescued from any questioning that would surely follow by the Master of Ceremonies, who had opened the Ballroom door and was making his way inside to announce their entrance to the guests.
Mycroft sniffled as he stepped away from his father again. He was the prince heir of Londondalle, he must rise to the challenge before him. He stood up straight and nodded his agreement.
Another mysterious user named
“Of course!” Angelo replied with the same joyful tone, already collecting the items.
Sherlock scoffed at their indifference. He’d tell people of what he had seen, and he’d start with Mycroft.
“Hello, welcome to-” he began, but the smile fell from his face at the sight of Sherlock's sorry state. He rushed to the prince’s side, his rugged features now etched with concern. “Oh, you poor sod...” the man (Angelo, he assumed) mumbled under his breath.
he sang quietly,
Preliminary conclusion: John did not always snore. Not even in his own bed, where he would feel the most secure, and therefore, relaxed. Neither recognized relaxants like alcohol and post-coital status influenced the muscle tonus of his soft palate and pharynx.
Unable to control his enthusiasm anymore, Sherlock broke into a run across the Ballroom, decided on exploring every bit of the Palace and drink in all the energy and change. He would make the most of this day and commit it all into his Mind Palace, where he had built a lovely new room dedicated to the first day of the rest of his life.
The prince felt his heart lighten with hope. It made so much sense… He let his father slip the gloves onto his hands, mesmerised.
So, when was Sherlock’s first post? We have to fast forward into TBB territory, to the 23rd of March.
They kept their steady march through the mountain path, the snow crunching rhythmically under their feet. The few trees around them were devoid of any birds and no other animals crossed their path as they climbed ever upward. All was quiet but for the wind, blowing steadily from the north, and although the sun shone happily in the cloudless sky, the air had a strange, charged heaviness to it that reminded Sherlock of those moments of eerie calm before a particularly heavy storm.
It would be best to remain undetected, John decided. He gestured Harry to follow him and went around the dark rocks, looking for a way to gain higher ground. He soon found a slanted boulder that provided a steep ramp for them to climb.
To recognize the relevant factors, one needed to isolate and modulate the experiment’s conditions. In this present circumstance, John had eaten a light dinner of chicken and rice, and had only drank a glass of red wine. He had been displaying no symptoms of illness, although he had been complaining of being overtired, lately. That was why John had insisted they took this case (a mere 5) which forced them to leave London for a few days. “It’s the closest we will ever get to a holiday” he had said. Maybe fatigue was the trigger? No, that was easily disproved.
The man disappeared from view for a few seconds before a series of squeaking noises brought him jolting upwards over the roof. He rested his forearms casually on the tiles and gave Sherlock a sly grin. “They call me ‘The Wig’.” he said, slightly out of breath.
This is a huge step for me. This is my second only fic, and the first time I attempt to do multiple chapters.I have made sure not to search for any other Frozen AUs on AO3, so I wouldn't feel intimidated. I have no idea how many of these are out there, but this is my own take on this alternate universe. I hope you will enjoy it. I'm having a lot of fun writing it.
Ouch… Remember, this was written after most of the case was done (just before the pool scene). And John could have edited the rest of the post when he added the last part about the pool scene. But he decided to keep this. And it’s still there for Sherlock to read.
“Oh, the Coronation! I have to go!” he exclaimed.
“Our ship?” Mrs Hudson replied with Mycroft’s voice.
The King kept his gaze forward. “You’ll see. Just hold him close.”
Only the moon remained unchanged, Sherlock noticed, as he looked up at the window before him. It hung stubbornly ivory white and cold, no matter how much Sherlock stared at it. He shrugged clumsily against a pang of disappointment. There were other things to entertain him, now.
“Client?”
“Yes,
“So, are you going through with the coronation ceremonies?” the younger brother asked, trying to sound nonchalant.
ail to
The silence stretched on until Jim asked, “Can I tell you a secret?”
This didn’t make sense. The bed was comfortable enough and the room was at a standard temperature and darkness level. John had been in good spirits all day and had ingested a full meal and a good amount of alcohol before going to bed. Enough time had passed for him to go through a full REM cycle, he should have started snoring by now.
Hearing footsteps approaching, Sherlock quickly opened the cabinet door and grabbed the human skull, hiding it behind his back. He nodded disinterestedly at the passing guard, waiting for him to turn his back on him. As soon as the coast was clear, Sherlock rushed back to the main hall with his new companion and turned towards the East Wing. He quickly reached the long closed Portrait Room, its walls covered with dozens of paintings gathered by several generations of the royal family. Sherlock had vivid memories of time spent in this room, when Mycroft and he would sit and stare wide eyed at the paintings of vicious battles and noblemen riding horses (and in one instance a reindeer), arguing over who could imagine a better backstory for the characters. There he was again, after all those years. A grown man, alone but for his new companion. Although those distant memories were tinged with a shade of melancholy, Sherlock was glad to be moving away from his past and into a future he would make for himself.
ounds boring.” Sherlock was relieved he wasn’t dragged along to some dull event, but he was a little disappointed to have been left behind.
He was soon running again, this time towards the nursery’s door. “Come on, move your big butt!” he called out to his brother, who made a show of slowly standing and reaching for his robe.
write about his new life and his new flatmate.
Still feeling frustratingly like himself, Sherlock let out a defeated growl.
Suddenly, the voices were silent and replaced with the shuffling of rapidly retreating steps. Sherlock heard the click of the suspect's knees as he stood to follow his targets.
TBB episode starts, John has a row with the chip-and-pin machine and they find Van Coon’s body. Lukis is killed that night.
Their gazes held for a few seconds of silence before Sherlock looked away, feeling uncomfortably pinned to the spot.
Fans of the movie will notice that I've fiddled with the lyrics to "The Frozen Heart". Just imagine what I'll do with the rest of the songs ;)
“It’s… It’s Sherlock, he’s out of control!” Mycroft answered, wringing his hands. He made another lap back to the window.
John gave Harry’s reins a gentle tug, and she happily pulled the sledge back into motion. Sherlock sat back and trained his eyes forward, determined to ignore the self-satisfied grin that pulled on the ice harvester’s lips.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock chuckled dejectedly when he couldn’t think of an answer.
It’s a fairly long post describing the whole case. My intention isn’t to go into the whole description of the case but to point out some details I find relevant to understanding John’s mindset and to gain some added perspective to the overarching story.
The prince looked around the roof as he consulted his mental map of the floor directly under it. He navigated the rooftops with confidence until he reached the area above Mycroft’s bedroom. Sitting on the edge, Sherlock looked down and, sure enough, there was a large window below him, opened a few inches to let in the sweet summer air.
John’s face bore the smile of someone who doesn’t understand the joke but wants to be part of the merriment anyway. He looked at Harry, who had the same oblivious expression in her eyes. “Your heart frozen too?” Harry looked at John some more, and then licked his nose.
I know this may be just an artistic choice, that they decided to make the vase slide to underline that the center of our universe, that what really matters here, is Sherlock.
Mycroft felt his already tense stomach constrict even further. “Yes, Daddy?”
“I’d solve it myself but I’m too busy with state affairs at the moment. New contacts have to be made. Entire dossiers to be studied…” he trailed off with a theatrical sigh. “You seem to have enough time on your hands.”
“Monster! Seize the monster!” Anderson screamed once he regained his bearings, shuffling to hide behind the guards.
“Oh, you’ve solved it?” he asked in a disinterested tone. His glacial eyes quickly scanned his brother’s frame before he plastered a diplomatic smile on his face.
“That’s why
” he said, wrinkling his nose at the concept. After all these years, he still felt a pang of betrayal at the thought of Mycroft’s dismissal. “Suddenly he had all these responsibilities and couldn’t spare the time for me, anymore.”
Mycroft still wasn’t up, either, but Mrs Turner didn’t seem to mind it. She puttered about the nursery, picking up the princes’ toys and folding their discarded clothes, acting like they weren’t even there.
Let’s wrap up TBB.
. I highly recommend you read them. Not only are they wonderful, insightful texts, they were my source of inspiration for this meta.
The second were John’s arms holding him in a warm embrace.
“Wow,” John murmured as he reached the prince, taking in the surroundings.
He starts by briefly describing his meeting with Sherlock and what he has learned about the man himself. This is the bit that has Sherlock in a snit and provoques the ensuing domestic in the beginning of TGG. People who have read “A Study in Scarlet” will get the reference.
The case has been solved the previous night and today the boys went back to the bank to collect their paycheck. John is preparing to write up their second case, but first he is giving us a little teaser.
John posts the ASIP case.
“Suit yourself, I’m going back to sleep.” John announced and laid back down, tucking his blanket firmly around himself. After a few seconds he added, “By the way, Harry snores.”
And what would you know? Girlfriends were not really Sherlock’s area.
Jim’s eyebrows shot up in surprise at the impromptu song. He was quick to recover, though, answering in kind.
In a completely extra touch, she adds that one of Mrs Turner’s lodgers (the married ones, remember?) is trying to get her to join Facebook.
He gave the umbrella an experimental twirl and smiled as he clutched its reassuring weight in his hand. Finally feeling like himself, Mycroft marched forward towards the hall’s magnificent balcony, ready to greet the first day of the rest of his life. He was the Ice Man, and this was his true kingdom.
“No! I-”
A week after taking the case, Sherlock marched into his brother’s office and deposited the Power’s case file on his desk, along with a small notebook filled with his own handwritten notes.
“Why must everyone be so boring?!” Sherlock complained, turning to pace up and down the balcony.
His bleary eyes struggled for a second before he realised that the stable door was wide open and that beyond it stood the silhouette of a tall man, cut against the backdrop of the snowstorm.
"Bring me my horse, now!" Sherlock barked at the dumbfounded guards who ran to comply with his orders.
“Come up! I’ll get some ropes to lift your fat butt if you need it.” Sherlock smiled to take the edge off the joke.
The prince took a deep breath, enjoying how the cold wind played with his curls and the bright sunshine burned his cheeks. He would have even admitted to be enjoying himself if not for the awkward silence sitting between him and John.
This chapter comes at a sad time for the Sherlock fandom. Una Stubbs, our dearest Mrs Hudson has passed away on the 12th of this month. This chapter is my humble tribute to her. Thank you for everything, dear lady, you will always have a special place in all of our hearts. <3
But the Ambassador was more persistent than Sherlock had initially thought. The man cleared his throat and grabbed a wine glass from a nearby tray, twirling it thoughtfully before taking a hearty swig. Sherlock took the opportunity to check in on the bickering couple but was disappointed to find that they had moved away from their spot.
,” the snow woman winked at a befuddled John, much to Sherlock’s amusement.
Things suddenly take a much darker tone when John admits that he does enjoy this life he and Sherlock
“Hi...” Sherlock answered, scratching his oily curls. Once his attention was drawn away from the case, he could feel the tingling pull of the drug invading his chest.
Billy smiled apologetically. “I’m sorry, your princeliness, but he’s dead. Spent all that extra money on beer and whores. Uh… those are-”
So I think that John was logged in on his blog, the one he had said he was closing because he was “moving on”. But then Sherlock came back from the dead. Despite John’s angry reaction, he didn’t move on. He forgot to propose to his girlfriend and logged in to his blog again. He then decide to get up and shave away his mornstache before going to work without logging out. Mary took that chance to finally read his unpublished posts and openly tease John about them. Rude.
Sherlock stood back up with a jolt. "No!" he snapped, "How could I possibly be alright?!"
his voice broke suddenly on the last word and he clamped his mouth shut, trying to reign in the sadness that threatened to spill over.
Fighting his gag reflex, Sherlock let the empty bottle roll from his fingers and sat back against Mycroft’s door to wait for the powder to take effect. His gaze wandered around the deserted hallway as he swallowed against the taste in his mouth. The silence weighed oppressively over him, cut only by the tick-tocking of the grandfather clock down the hall, solicitously counting away the time. One minute, five, ten…
The nanny peeled the bedsheets from him and gently pushed him up and off the bed.
“What? Nobody’s listening to us!” he protested. The other men looked at him uneasily.
“Don’t feel it.” Mycroft answered
elf!”
The repetitive motion marked the tempo of a working song, one that John had come to know these last two months.
John had gone to bed at 1.35 AM, leaving Sherlock to work on his laptop. He had fallen asleep 10 minutes after turning off his bedside lamp and started snoring at exactly 2.20 AM. He was now sleeping on his right side, facing Sherlock and the bedroom door. His right hand was tucked under his pillow, while his left was resting on his right elbow, holding it. He could roughly make out the position of his legs under the heavy blankets, right knee bent and left leg straight.
Do you want to build a snowman? No, scratch that.
Mycroft smiled despite himself. Between Sherlock’s insistence and the way his much denied lisp kept infiltrating his entreaties, Mycroft was soon out of arguments to keep refusing his brother.
“There’s a pickpocket in town!” Sherlock exclaimed, failing to hide his eager smile.
The prince signaled his friend to follow him and they quickly made their way towards the Western Wing, where they would have the best view of the garden. They had reached the area over his own bedroom when Sherlock held out his hand and dropped to a crouch. Jim followed his lead and together they peered over the edge of the roof, just a few seconds before two dark figures became visible under the dimly lit archway on the opposite side of the garden.
Suddenly, a mighty rumble was heard and the earth began to tremble. John was knocked on his behind but rushed back upright to look over his cover. He gasped in horror. Dozens of rocks, much like the one he was hiding behind, were rolling towards the people below, who huddled together, powerless to stop them.
Although he doesn’t care to admit, he is human, and has instincts, survival instincts. He first tests the hypothesis that gives him the best chance of survival - falling backwards. And he runs the events that follow that choice in his Mind Palace.
“What are you on about?” the doctor asked as soon as Sherlock had closed the living room door.
John and Sherlock meet for the first time.
Sherlock took a small sip of his own wine and rested his forearms on the wooden railing. He had led Jim through several service corridors until they had reached a narrow balcony overlooking the Ballroom. It was an exceptional spot to observe the activity going down below, while being obscured by the heavy tapestries and the dim candlelight.
Of all the staff Sherlock had come to know, only Mrs Turner, the cook and the butler remained. The few remaining maids and footmen were replaced with new people, who stood nervously in the shadows, waiting for their orders.
A cold wave of dread spread through Mycroft’s body as soon as the royal crown was placed on his head. He tightened his jaw and forced his eyes open once again, standing to face the Bishop, who stared sternly back. Mycroft took a steadying breath and squared his shoulders as the old man turned once again to the altar. Although the Londondallian Royal Crown was a simple gold circlet, sparingly decorated with pearls, rubies and sapphires, the new king was keenly aware of the weight on his head.
Mrs Hudson smiled contentedly at Sherlock for a few seconds, before fixing John with a disappointed look. “You haven’t grown as much, have you, Mycroft?” she quipped.
During the narrative of the show, I think that John’s repression is the main obstacle for a romantic relationship between the two. His inability to embrace his true nature (the doctor AND the soldier=bissexuality) is the main reason we are at this point. We spend a lot of time on Sherlock’s character arc, but it’s John that needs to move forward the most.
” Jim loosened his grip and Sherlock dropped to the ground.
Every other inhabitant of the Palace, even Mycroft, left him blissfully alone. Mrs Thompson, the Palace governess, tried to enquire after him once, and was swiftly yelled out of his room for her troubles.
“Mycroft!!”
Inspired by the rehearsing orchestra, the prince leaned dramatically against a wall to continue his song.
The man gave a curt bow and left the room, closing the doors after him.
He heaved a theatrical sigh himself and sat on his bed. “Alright, alright, no need to throw a tantrum.”
At eleven-years-old, Sherlock had read almost half of all the books in the Palace library. As he grew, so did his thirst for knowledge. He devoured every available tome on Chemistry, Biology and Geology and squirreled away every bit of new knowledge in his prodigious memory.
“I really need to-” the prince began, but Angelo raised a warning finger.
Jim’s face lit up at the prospect. “Oh, how exciting!” he said, training his gaze on the crowd below. After a few seconds, he pointed at an uncomfortable-looking woman standing by the dessert table. “How about that one? She looks suspicious.”
Sherlock felt himself relaxing and bowed in reply. “Prince Sherlock of Londondalle.”
ea-lion.” When his brother didn’t reply, he stomped his foot. “You were the one to come up with it!”
Instead of reassuring the man, his response made him scowl even harder. “Oh, what possessed you to go outside in this storm!” Angelo lamented, “Dressed like this, no less!”
Feeding off her energy, Harry stepped onto the lake and began to trot around Mrs Hudson, swinging her antlers from side to side.
“You sound almost like you didn’t believe me when I said he’d be up in the mountains. I’m hurt.” Sherlock frowned theatrically at his companion.
“No, don’t touch me! I don’t want to hurt you!” Mycroft cried, folding his hands over his chest.
tupid! You’re all
“Why?”
Everything was blissfully silent for a minute. Mycroft wondered if Sherlock had finally admitted defeat. But he knew his brother better than that. True enough, Mycroft felt a gentle hand pushing the covers from his face. An icy blue eye peeked at him, conspiratorial.
The imposing question was: How could the fact that his flatmate of two years snored slipped his notice for so long?
“John, John Watson.”
“Ah, it’s good to see you looking so rosy-cheeked!” he told Sherlock, stepping back. “I’m going to prepare the spare room for you. You must stay the night!”
"We like working! And Mr Murray needs our help," John argued. He couldn't really explain why, but he felt it was important to reassure the troll of their well-being. "We are learning how to harvest the ice from the lake. We're going to be the best harvesters in all the Kingdom!"
Turning his attention back to his glowing hands, Sherlock decided to try and touch them to his face again. To his delight, they no longer burned his skin but caressed it with warm waves of pure energy. The prince brought his hands lower to tenderly hold his aching neck and shoulders. The waves permeated his tense muscles and slowly chased away the cold weight in his chest, coiling around his bones like heavy, sun warmed boas.
Jim’s smile shone in the clear moonlight.
Sherlock crossed his arms and kept his gaze fixed on the wall in front of him, stubbornly ignoring Harry who was sniffing his coat and hair inquisitively.
“Uh, no, it’s alright…” Sherlock said lamely.
The Queen raised one eyebrow with an amused smile. “Why wouldn’t we…? Yes, we’re leaving. We’re leaving now, in fact.”
Why did the vase slide?
“What’s wrong?” John was slowly climbing up the stairs with a duffle bag on each hand.
In the comments, Harry and Ella are panicking, worried about John’s safety. They have been the most invested on John’s well-being in the previous entries and now they are out of the loop. Mike, on the other hand, is completely unfazed by the news…
Sherlock laughed bitterly. “Nope, we’ve been here the whole time, him and me. Well, me, at least.” He thought briefly about how ill advised it probably was to confide in some window washer he had just met, but he was too frustrated to really care. What was there to lose, really?
“Oh…” Sherlock mumbled, unsure how to react. He put his glass away as well.
"No. I always thought that my brother didn't want me around. Well, anyone around, for that matter,” he told the Prime Minister, “Now I see he was just trying to protect us."
“Where are we going?” asked the Queen after she had mounted her own horse. Sherlock, wrapped in his orange blanket, stood out in sharp contrast against the queen’s black cloak.
I can’t quite place the date of this last scene in 221b, can’t make out the date on Sherlock’s newspaper… Is this on the 28th? It would make sense because the timestamps in the comments are relatively early (around 13:00). I assume John wrote up the case after this breakfast scene.
“Who is it?” he asked, barely concealing the panic in his voice.
From the corner of his vision he saw Jim’s hand moving to rest on the railing, inches from his elbow.
John let his incredulity show with an undignified snort. Sherlock turned fully in his seat, insulted.
Danny smiled brightly at him. “Dunno… Put them in the sun?”
,” he spat.
“Good girl! Pull, Harry, pull!” he encouraged.
“You will?” Her smile could have lit the gloomy corridor.
Mycroft pretended not to hear him. “There were many dangers, but none so terrible as the dread pirate Blackbeard.”
Fresh new chapter! A million thanks to my beta, the wonderful CarmillaCarmine.
Ella put a hand on John's back and pushed him gently away from the edge of the outcrop, back towards where he had come from. John let the troll lead him for a few feet before turning around and throwing his arms around her. He let her go as quickly as he had hugged her and ran down the slanted boulder, Harry close behind him.
Suddenly, a woman stepped next to the envoy to whisper in his ear. Sherlock’s eyes widened when he noticed her careful hand depositing something in the envoy’s vest pocket. “Look! That woman…”
"Born with the powers or cursed?" the Grand Stamford asked the King, motioning his staff towards Mycroft. The boy made a valiant effort not to hide behind his father.
“Detectives again?” Mycroft kneeled beside his brother and took a pair of gloves from the pocket of his robe. He offered them to Sherlock who quickly put them on his reddening hands.
“But why does it happen?” John pressed. Was it because you were out in the cold for too long? How could it work if it was frozen? Would it melt again? Or would it just dry up and fall off like Paul’s ears?
"Anderson, please, just…” he muttered over his shoulder at the frazzled man, who grudgingly stepped closer to Donovan. The Prime Minister let out a sigh and turned towards the prince once again. “Your Highness, did you know about this?" he asked carefully.
“I know, sweetheart,” she answered as she left the room.
The Queen began to tense her shoulders, but her smile stayed fixed on her lips. “Because he’s the prince heir, and that’s his duty. He’ll be busy with new lessons and some new chores.”
He took a deep, contented breath, feeling relaxed and energized.
!” he sang, trying to deepen his childish voice. Harry licked his chubby cheeks.
” Sherlock pointed a finger at Jim, daring him to reply.
“I thought you didn’t care about things like this,” John said, raising an eyebrow.
Out of habit, his right hand found his coat pocket to grab the object within. He felt Billy’s glass bottle growing warm as he held it in his hand.
But what good would it do? The people would never accept a freak as their king. They would turn against him and anyone who would associate with him - his brother included.
“Yes, thank you for noticing. Could we perhaps do this while moving?”
On the other comment thread, people are still sharing their pet peeves. Molly says something interesting, but I’ll get to that another time. Just notice how she mentions Connie Prince, the fashion guru that is murdered by her brother’s lover on TGG. Mrs Hudson is still borrowing Mrs Turner computer and complains about the sword mark the assassin left on her kitchen table that morning. Mrs Hudson is paying attention to her property!
This was his brother’s fault, really, for not having taken him into his confidence. If Mycroft had considered anyone besides himself and his giant head, they wouldn’t be in this mess. He could at least have had the decency of using some sunny, tropical magic, that would cover the kingdom in powdery white sand and -
he answered rapidly.
John looked at his flatmate for a moment. “That actually makes some sense...” he admitted.
Mycroft’s smile grew, “Oh my, you are getting slow, little brother,” he teased.
The prince smiled in relief and suddenly realized he was incredibly tired. Without further thought, he threw himself on his back, to lie next to John and enjoy the cold snow against his overheated body.
“Harry! Sherlock!” John cried, “Throw me a rope, anything! Quick!”
You can ask me, why am I bringing this all up again? We know all of this.
The dynamic duo is back!
(See the end of the chapter for
“This village is the closest to both the castle and Exeter. Since your only requirement was that you sleep in a mould-free environment, I thought this was the most sensible choice.” He locked the car and went in, leaving John to negotiate the bags.
Mycroft had had enough. “No, it’s late, go to bed!” he pushed his little brother off the bed and pulled his covers over his head, trying to shut himself from the world.
Without second thought, Sherlock sprang from behind the vase and grabbed the suspect by his arm just as he was about to run away. The man gave a surprised yelp and swung a fist at Sherlock’s chin, who was able to step back and avoid the punch. The prince took the opportunity to use the man’s momentum, and pushed him forward. Sure enough, the man lost his balance, falling face first on the ground and hitting his head on the thick carpet.
“Go to the place where the ice never reaches,” the King recited. “They may be able to help.”
The older brother brought his hands in front of him and started to wave them up and down. The snow wave copied his movements, slowly rocking the boat.
Sherlock recoiled instinctively. He had to force himself to lean back down in order to keep listening.
My point - This is the blog editor and Mary is reading from an unpublished entry. And what’s so interesting about this entry?
“Nope…”
For the story to move forward we need Sherlock to trust John with his life (his bleeding heart, literally) and for John to be the army doctor so he can be the one to save him.
Mycroft moved the waves towards each other until the boats touched lightly and pushed them apart again.
“You need to start waking up earlier, Johnny.” Bill admonished around a mouth full of porridge. “We kept you here after your dad buggered off to God knows where, but you need to earn your keep.”
I hope you're enjoying this adventure! Drop me a comment or kudos if you can!
Sherlock felt right about ready to crawl out of his skin. He had to break the awkward silence. “John, I really didn’t mean to-”
!” he put the bowls down in time with the song.
The following days brought a procession of solemn faced soldiers to the Palace, each bearing pieces of splintered wood and ripped burgundy canvas for Mycroft’s inspection. On the fourth day, two soldiers brought the water-logged trunk of the Andromeda’s first mate, found on the shores of the southernmost village in the Kingdom. Mycroft issued an official statement declaring the King and Queen to have been lost at sea and made arrangements for the funeral ceremonies to be performed without the bodies. After all the papers were signed, he retired to his room and there he remained, no matter how much Sherlock banged on the door and demanded, argued and, at one time, begged, for him to come out.
“Deal.” Nodding once, the prince closed the door firmly against the storm and marched inside, plopping down on the haystack next to John.
“Your feet,” he repeated flatly, keeping his eyes down on Sherlock’s boot, “I need to check them for frostbite.”
“I am
“This was some ten years ago,” Sherlock remarked, “I had some ideas about it, but Father wouldn't let me access the evidence,” he added, unable to keep a small hint of disappointment from permeating the distant memory. Not one to contain his curiosity, Sherlock opened the envelope with slightly trembling fingers and took out a thick stack of assorted documents and handwritten notes.
“Yes, Mummy.” Mycroft gave her a small smile in return.
The detective carefully gathered all this new information to deposit in his Mind Palace. He closed his eyes, took a deep breath and entered the main hall. Passing under the chandeliers, he noticed that their crystal beads trembled softy, rhythmically. Then, climbing up the marble staircase to ascend to the first floor, he noticed the portraits vibrating in the same rhythm. When he turned left to his John Watson Wing he could definitely make out a rumbling noise with each vibration. As he walked further along the hall, the sound grew stronger, shaking the very walls and opening cracks along the ceiling. Sherlock quickened his pace while objects fell down shelves and cabinets, shattering at his feet. Finding the door to the room he wanted, he reached his hand to the brass door handle, bits of plaster falling from the walls-
“Will you wait a-” Sherlock had finally stepped on the lowest branch when he felt John’s hand grabbing his ankle and pulling him down. The prince fell in a flurry of snow, bottom-first onto the sledge’s floor.
"This adventure isn't much fun," he grumbled as he felt something oozing slowly from his throbbing forehead and congealing over his left eyebrow. Perhaps he could stop, if only for a moment. Maybe if he just stood there, his body would become stiff like a toy soldier and then a big hand would descend from the sky, pick him up and put him away in the toy box, safe from the cold.
An idea suddenly crossed his mind. Mycroft was ten-years-old, already. Maybe he didn’t like playing detectives anymore… They could play something else, Sherlock decided.
“You were lucky it wasn’t his heart that was struck.” he said, addressing no one in particular. A faint blue glow appeared where the troll’s hand made contact with Sherlock’s forehead. Mycroft made a motion to step forward, alarmed, but he was stopped by the King’s hand on his shoulder.
Mycroft started to narrate the voyage, as usual. Whenever they used magic to play, Mycroft would devise the scenarios and control them, while Sherlock would immerse himself on the fantasy his brother created for him. “Pirate-detective Sherlock- ”
“For your…” the prince explained, pointing awkwardly at John’s forehead.
he recited, trying to ignore the way his vision was beginning to tunnel.
With his nose damp, his spine in shreds, and his hands and backside completely numb, Sherlock entertained petty thoughts of simply turning back and waiting for Mycroft to grow tired of his tantrum. Preferably while sitting in a deliciously hot, scented bath.
It’s incredible how he downplays his actions (who were nothing short of heroic). How he still doubts Sherlock’s dedication to him. Has he heard nothing of what Moriarty told Sherlock??
There was a murmur of surprise from the crowd when the guards began to herd the guests towards the doors. The music stopped abruptly, making the shuffling of feet and chiffon skirts louder for the lack of buffering.
A little chapter to tide you over until I finish the next bit. Please enjoy! Comments and kudos are love!
word, Redbeard!” He opened his right hand and his brother produced a pirate sword made of clear ice on his palm. His boat started to rock with vigour and Sherlock widened his stance to keep his balance.
“Really? What about you?” John hovered by the door. He was usually the one to take care of all the arrangements so he found Sherlock’s solicitude unusual.
“Like what?!” the King asked angrily. “We’ve tried everything we could think of.”
His attention was brought back to the incredible beings before him. The one currently addressing his father had introduced himself as the Grand Stamford, and Mycroft assumed he was their leader. He wore an intricate mantle made of moss and straw and from his neck hung several necklaces, each with a colourful glowing gem. He held a staff made of twisted wood, topped with another gem, one that shone with all the colours of the rainbow. But what Mycroft found the most incredible were the tiny gold spectacles perched on the Grand Stamford's round nose. How did a troll go about buying spectacles? Was there a troll optician somewhere in the forest? He swallowed a hysterical giggle bubbling in his throat.
“You should relax, enjoy the evening,” he said, ignoring Sherlock’s eye-roll. “Londondalle is such a nice place, I can’t imagine anything bad ever happening here. The weather is lovely, the food is incredible and the people are so friendly,” he encompassed the entire kingdom with a wide sweep of his glass. ”I was smitten with the country as soon I stepped out of my ship.”
“Nice choice,” said Mycroft, when the orchestra had resumed its playing and the guests returned to their drinking and dancing.
Sherlock took a deep breath. His hypothesis was incomplete.
We also have
“That’s not right... “ Billy declared, scratching his stomach absentmindedly. “They shouldn’t keep a bloke - I mean, a young man like you away from the world. How do you manage?” he asked.
“Sherlock Holmes, I made a reservation,” the detective announced, handing her the reservation printouts.
The crown prince stepped onto the balcony to greet the cheering crowd below.
Sherlock stopped, inches away from his goal, to look quizzically down. “No, in a palace. I thought you knew...”
“There he is!” he screamed, pointing at Mycroft, “Stop him! Stop the Ice Man!”
The sound resonated on the quiet corridor, and, like always, there was no answer.
“Yes, Prince Sherlock… If you don’t mind me askin’...” he trailed off.
I hope you liked it! I would love to hear your thoughts!
The detective let out an irritated breath. All this trouble for nothing... Although dinner had been nice and he was looking forward to visiting the library, he supposed. Maybe they could have a cream tea afterwards…
Things started to look promising when Sherlock noticed a couple across the room, whispering angrily and pointing accusing fingers at each other. He was so engrossed in trying to figure out the cause for the fight that he almost jumped when an unfamiliar voice whispered uncomfortably close to his left ear.
top interrupting, Mycroft! I’m a pirate detective and we need a
build our client!” he said.
The top of the rocks was smoothed down by thousands of years of wind and snow, made smoother still by patches of sleet and wet moss. John made his way forward very carefully, trying not to slip and give away his presence. His heart thumped in his chest and his veins sang with the rush of adrenaline. He smiled to himself. Alone with Harry in the cold dark forest, chasing after strangers in mysterious places, he realized there was nowhere he rather be.
“Sweetheart…” his mother began.
He grabbed the hem of his robe and stomped his left foot on the marble floor. A clear film of ice started to spread from under his foot to cover the entire ballroom floor.
The prince took a step back, feeling as if he had been slapped in the face. He reminded himself to stay calm, but Mycroft’s cold dismissal had opened old wounds and now his resentment was pouring out in an unstoppable wave.
My many thanks to CarmillaCarmine for the beta and generally holding my hand through this.
“A chemist window washer?” the price scoffed. “That’s reassuring… What’s it supposed to do?”
With a motion of his wrist, the crystal shone its many colours and the image changed. The princes were now dressed in their winter clothes instead of their pajamas. The walls of the ballroom were snow covered trees and the ceiling was a bright cloudless sky. In a moment, the memory was turned into an idyllic picture of the two brothers playing on a snow-white park.
“What makes you think I need your money?” the ice-harvester asked with a raised eyebrow. He quickly regretted his decision when he saw a self-satisfied smile pulling on the corner of the prince’s lips.
The other post is published on the blog as “The Speckled Blonde”. This is an adaptation of the ACD story “The Speckled Band”,where Holmes and Watson have to spend a night sitting alone in a darkened bedroom, waiting for the killer to strike.
“My business partner. I’m going to move in with him and we are going to fight crime together.”
Do you want to solve a murder? Or maybe get a song stuck in your head for the next week?
Billy looked up at him, surprise clear on his features. “You don’t? You’ll regret it, mind! I’ve tried some and I can tell you, it’s a hell of a ride,” he smiled conspiratorially.
. Does anyone remember what it was?
Jim’s eyes widened at the revelation. “Prince Sherlock! Oh, your Highness, what an honour!” Jim bowed again, but this time kept his gaze fixed on the ground.
Jim repeated and stood up quickly, offering his hand to help Sherlock up. He took it eagerly, not out of necessity but to please his new friend.
“I know what they are!”
they took turns to peek behind each corner before continuing their pursuit.
Say what you want about Harry, but you have to admit she is always there to comment enthusiastically on each of her brother’s posts. And she’s a potty mouth, much like her brother (or at least that’s what my headcanon says).
“Almost enucleated me, I’d say...” John huffed and inspected the handkerchief. Apparently satisfied, he folded it carefully and put it in his trouser pocket. “But that’s a good thing, isn’t it?” he continued.
“But I didn’t,” he countered, turning to focus instead on the gorge they were currently driving towards at a break-neck speed.
The ice harvester had kept his eyes trained forward since the beginning of their journey, driving his sledge with single-minded focus and pointedly not acknowledging the prince beside him. Although seemingly absorbed in this task, from the corner of his eye Sherlock could see how John cycled between taking deep breaths as if to speak and pressing his thin lips together in restraint.
Mycroft smiled and bowed in response. “Prime Minister Lestrade, it’s an honour to finally meet you.”
“Wolves! Harry, leg it!” John cried out, tugging on Harry’s reins. The reindeer broke into a gallop and jerked the sledge into motion, making Sherlock lose his balance and fall back on the sledge’s floor.
“Sh’lok, wassat?” John startled awake, sitting up and scanning the dark room with bleary eyes.
Behind John, Harry whined and stood up, sensing the tension in her companion. Feeling his temper rising but not wanting to commit any offence against the Crown, John decided to cut the conversation short.
Mycroft looked up, confused. His face became a study of outrage as soon as he saw Sherlock casually sitting on the roof. “What do you think you’re doing?!” he cried.
He cleared his throat and said. "I’m John, John Watson. And this is Harry." he motioned towards the reindeer, who was hiding behind one of the bushes. "Who are they…?" he pointed at the people in the valley.
as the carriage made its way slowly down the steep road and towards the Palace.
There was something else… There was always something else.
Sherlock let out a nervous breath and uncrossed his arms. “The governess’s husband. Powers was having an affair with her. The husband found out and decided to have his revenge using the old passage.” He approached his brother’s desk and opened the envelope, extracting an old interrogation report. “He worked as a carpenter at the time, had the skill and tools to open the old passage and then close it up again after the deed was done.”
Mycroft got up from behind their snow-woman, pushing his hair back from over his eyes. Unlike his brother’s curly black hair, his was straight and almost white. Combined with his fair skin and light blue eyes, it gave him a gelid complexion.
"Oh no…" The Queen broke into a run towards the princes. The maids were kept from entering the room by the King’s stern glare.
e’s very rich and owns a lot of hou
He shook his head to dislodge the snow that clung to his hair, ignoring the slight dizziness caused by the action, and brushed his shoulders and arms. Then he pushed his numb hands into the soft snow to extract his legs and stand back up. After a few seconds of wobbling like a newborn foal, Sherlock was able to lock his knees and stand straight once again.
The King followed the Queen at a careful pace, trying not to slip on the icy floor. “Close the doors and stand guard outside,” he ordered the older guard, “Let no one in.”
Guess who's back... back again? (no, not Eminem). As usual, my thanks to the great CamillaCarmine for the beta!
“Thanks”, the ice harvester mumbled, taking the handkerchief and dabbing tentatively at the welt over his eyebrow. “We match now,” he quipped, pointing to Sherlock’s bruised forehead.
But before Mycroft could yell out a warning, the Ambassador came running down the steps, pale and wide eyed, followed closely by a few of the Palace Guards.
“The music.”
“It’s not like that!” John blurted out, scandalized.
John posts the ASIP case.
This man will be the death of him.
He opened the box for Sherlock to see. Inside there were six little glass bottles neatly stacked in a grate, identical to the ones he usually bought if not for the slightly blue tint of the powder they contained. The prince jumped when Billy closed the box abruptly and held it against his chest.
“Really? Cool!” Sherlock's eyes brightened with excitement. He usually only shared dinner with his parents and this was a welcome change to his day. The boy ignored Mrs Turner sound of disapproval at the colloquialism and jumped from the bed, making sure to ruffle his still damp curls before reaching for the door.
The prince took petty satisfaction at the sight of Anderson’s paling face.
As soon as he reached the top of the steps, Sherlock felt the weight of hundreds of scared and confused eyes pinning him to the spot. A few townspeople still remained in the courtyard, their curiosity outweighing their better judgment, while the honoured guests were being politely shepherded back into the Palace. All turned at the sight of the distraught prince, mindless of the thin layer of snow that now covered the courtyard.
“Mycroft, what can I do?” Sherlock asked as he ran after him. Mycroft kept his pace down the corridor towards his room, steadfastly ignoring his brother.
But that didn’t mean the Snoring Case was forgotten.
“What?” Sherlock asked anxiously.
“Hullo, Mrs Turner,” the young prince yawned.
(See the end of the chapter for
, TBB!
John walked back to the room and put his own bag on the left side of the bed. He took out his change of clothes and toiletries and started to put them away in the available wardrobe, silently and efficiently.
PPS:I hope you've enjoyed Billy the skull's little cameo :)
The Queen interrupted him. “You’ll still see Mycroft during the day, after your lessons.”
John considered the proposition for a few seconds before looking over his shoulder.
“What happened? He’s soaking wet!”
Sherlock let his head fall to the side while he tried to catch his breath. From this new perspective from the floor, the deserted hallway looked desolate. The only movement in sight was the dust motes dancing in the bright sunlight and the rocking of the pendulum of the grandfather clock in the corner.
“Well…”
Mycroft took a moment to assess his surroundings. If he could just make it out of the gates, across the bridge and through the town, then he would reach the forest, perhaps find a hiding place deep within the mountains. From there he could devise a plan, and escape Londondalle.
“He won’t be alone, your Majesty -” Jim tried to intervene, before being cut off by Mycroft's raised hand.
“It’s no problem,” he answered lamely, feeling disarmed.
John eyed him for a second before returning his attention to the path before them. “Partner?” he asked simply.
Mycroft’s artwork received a burst of laughter from Sherlock. “Just like Mrs Turner!”
With wide eyes, Mycroft saw the colour return to his brother’s cheeks. The younger prince drew a long, contented sigh and relaxed his furrowed brow. The Queen stood up and hugged Sherlock close to her, eyeing the Grand Stamford with gratitude.
He pleaded to the closed door. Mycroft would surely hear him if he sang loud enough.
The image of the short, finely dressed man wielding such a crude weapon made Sherlock burst into laughter. After a few seconds, Jim’s facade broke down and he joined in the mirth.
“Get down right now! You’ll break your neck!”
He responds to both of John’s posts on that day (which we can place at the beginning of TBB), and only goes back to read the case post of the 7th of February after reading the case post about The Blind Banker on the 28th of March.
Sherlock was jolted awake by a loud snore.
“Jim, you keep mentioning Jim,” John’s voice cut through Sherlock’s rambling.
John tried to swallow down the knot in his throat. "Thank you, but we can’t. We have to work really early in the morning…"
Sherlock opened his eyes. “Mrs Hudson?”
“Thanks…” Sherlock murmured, lost in wonder of the colours and lights in front of him. “What is?”
“Here? Wouldn’t your family need you back home?”
The man raised a questioning eyebrow at Sherlock’s silence.
He could feel his mother’s arms tightening around him. “Yes, sweetheart, we’ve talked about this.”
Again, my thanks to CarmillaCarmine for the beta and overall support. Please enjoy!
"Hush, I can’t hear!" it admonished him. Its eyes suddenly lit up when it looked down and realized it wasn't addressing one of its own. "Oh, hello!" it beamed at John.
Before he knew it, John and Harry were wrapped in a tight, stony hug. John felt a dull pain blossoming in his chest, like a numb limb waking up.
“And you are?” Sherlock ignored the man’s question and sat more comfortably on the roof’s ridge, propping up the collar of his woolen coat against the chill morning air.
“Ha ha, hilarious,” Sherlock replied, but John was already falling asleep.
Sherlock felt his stomach drop when he finally understood what his brother was saying. His face twisted in a snarl at the cruel joke. “Are you mocking me?”
John found the two horses alone, tied to a moss covered tree stump and grazing idly on the stunted vegetation. They were well groomed, he noticed, with beautiful leather saddles and shiny brass stirrups. Their owners were probably very rich...
He quickly unbuckled Harry from her harness and fished his bags from the back of the sledge. He then carefully guided the reindeer back to the trading post, but instead of stopping at the front, John took them around the building. Sure enough, he found a modest stable a few yards away from the cabin, with its doors blissfully unlocked.
“Leave it to you to make this sort of mistake,” John said from the bathroom when he heard Sherlock close the door behind him.
Sherlock rubbed his tired eyes with both hands, mindful of the bandage John had applied over his temple. He took a long, weary sigh before explaining. “Yes, but then we got into an argument and things got a little out of hand. Long story short, the King summoned this snowstorm using his magical powers and ran off into the mountains.” he paused for effect but John didn’t react to the mention of the King's magic abilities. Slightly disappointed, Sherlock grabbed his mug and continued, “I’m the one who upset him, and I’m the only one who can bring him back. I’ve deduced that if I can find the source of the storm, I’ll find my brother.”
The other man gave no sign of acknowledgement as he steered Harry off the snowbank and onto firmer ground, forcing the prince to jog after the pair.
As he added walls and doors and windows to his new home, Mycroft's mind never once turned to the one he left behind. Unlike Londondalle Palace, his new palace was growing into an imposing rectangular building, filled with straight angles, sharp roofs and carefully interspaced balconies. The ceiling finally closed over Mycroft's head and dripped down into an intricate crystal chandelier, that glowed blue and purple in the dark room.
John stepped in front of the sink and washed his face. “Well, you can think somewhere else now, I need to piss.” When no answer came from the bathtub he only added, “And I’m not doing it with you in here, go!”
Ella smiled, mollified. "That’s really important to you, isn’t it?" she asked softly.
Heartened by this small victory, he tucked his frozen hands under his arms and took a careful look at his surroundings. So, current status: he was in the middle of a mystical snow storm, alone and cold - so very cold.
The prince turned towards the window and his face fell when he noticed the moon, judging him silently, up in the night sky.
“Or the Queen!” Arthur added. John ears pricked up his at the mention of the royal family.
“Yes, yes, I know…” he smiled and reached for Angelo’s bag while Harry breathed noisily over his shoulder. After some rummaging, John found the bundle of carrots and held them over his head. The item was swiftly snatched from his hand to be appreciated in peace near the pile of haystacks.
Mycroft raised his chin and schooled his features back into an impassive mask. “Yes, Father.”
I have been following the series since 2011, so I remember that this link would take us to Sherlock’s website and show us some coded messages that we could try and solve. This message in particular was something vaguely threatening written in
“I’ll see you… I mean, bye! Goodbye!” he shouted at the amused prince and broke into a run back to the Palace. As he ran, he felt a smile tugging at his lips, but he refused to let it grow.
“Yes, your Majesty,” she answered in a somber tone.
Tears fell freely across his cheeks, now. There was no one to see them, anyway.
“You didn’t really…” Anderson began.
He groaned and stretched his legs, toeing off his shoes. With a few more movements he was able to get out of his coat without leaving the dark cocoon of his feather duvet.
The sound of John and Harry’s approaching footsteps brought Sherlock out of his reverie.
“In a moment,” he answered. “I just need to email my contact at the library.”
The message was quick to reach the guards in the courtyard, and soon they were pushing open the gate. Sherlock felt as if his heart was trying to jump out of his throat when he saw the town slowly appear beyond the heavy doors.
Mycroft sat back in his chair, a look of genuine surprise on his face. “Well, I don’t see why not.”
This last paragraph is particularly interesting for me because of John’s choice of words. Not only does he fear for Sherlock and everyone around them, he
With no warning, the snow woman walked briskly onto the frozen lake and turned to the men like a performer facing her audience. Smiling at their confused faces, she swayed from side to side before breaking into a happy little song.
There was a faint ringing of the bell Mycroft used to call the maid. Sherlock realized his brother was making good on his promise to out him. Not willing to lose his new discovery, he made his way back to the Library window and lowered himself back inside. If Mycroft heard him outside his door, safely under the roof, maybe he wouldn’t tell their Father.
“No!” he yelled, throwing his spoon on the floor. Tears fell freely down his pink cheeks. “That’s
The growing sound of marching boots pulled Sherlock’s attention from the mirror to his window. Looking down he could see the Palace Guards slowly pouring into the courtyard in preparation to open the Palace’s gates. Even though he couldn’t see beyond the walls, Sherlock could make out the faint noise of the crowd gathering outside, laughing and singing, ready to step through the long closed gates and cheer for their future king.
and makes his opinion known again. Again, the domesticity is so pure it makes my heart cry. Harry is also a fellow shipper.
John's whole frame suddenly tensed. “Hn? Oh, yes, sorry, sorry… ” the doctor took his hands away from his flatmate's back as if scalded. Sherlock raised his head from John’s chest and awkwardly resumed his place on the right side of the bed.
But instead of giving in to the drug’s call, Sherlock had devised a plan. It was obvious to anyone with a brain (even Mycroft), that Sherlock had a natural talent for crime solving, and wasting it with dusty cases was a disservice to Londondalle. He would prove his worth with a fresh, demanding case, and assert his place as a bona fide Detective (capitalized as well).
Outrage boiled inside of him, until it spilt over. He pulled his remaining glove angrily out of his hand and threw it in the wind. Enough hiding! Enough pretending! The damage was done, his life was finally ruined. He could do no more - he would do no more.
“Very much so, yes.”
“You don’t have to, of course!" Jim backtracked. "I’m sure there are lots of people just dying to talk to you. They’ll all want to tell you about how lovely the ceremony was, how stately your brother looks, maybe comment on the quality of the fruit salad…” he rambled on.
“Hey, wake up!”
"That’s not important right now," she answered, more interested in coaxing Harry towards her. "What are you two doing out here at this hour?" Harry approached the troll carefully and sniffed her toes.
, Sherlock told himself, ignoring the slight twinge in his heart.
Sherlock decided to take them both out of their misery and break the silence.
“Mycroft, wh-”
“Are you mad?!” he sputtered indignantly as he stood up.
“I told you, up to the mountains to find my brother. Next.”
Feeling the cold gripping around his chest, Sherlock decided to cut the conversation short. “Just shut up and give it to me.” The prince fished two golden coins from his pocket and extended his hand imperiously. “Make it two, just to be sure,” he added when Billy opened the box again.
He turned slowly around and, sure enough, there was no sledge in sight, only the angry wolves, sniffing and howling on the other side of the gorge.
Apparently not bothered by the lack of response, the snow woman adjusted her icy skirt and smiled happily at the two men. “Hello, I’m Mrs Hudson and my husband was murdered by a sea lion,” she curtsied.
Soon, every man in the lake was singing the ancient song, their movements in time with the beats. Cutting and pulling, cutting and pulling.
John quickly looked around to see if any of the men had noticed his accomplishment, but all of them were fixed on their own dangerous task. They kept singing the old melody.
No point in moping about on the cold floor when there is so much to see, Sherlock reasoned. He struggled to stand up, feeling as if his arms and legs had grown several feet longer. It took him a moment to re-acquaint himself with his newly stretched limbs before he could regain his balance properly. As awkward as they were, they would surely come in handy to climb up the roof.
“He won’t be in the
"Never," Sherlock smiled and galloped through the gates and into the night.
"How…?” John began but closed his mouth with a snap. “Never mind,” he told the shopkeeper with a strained smile, “Yes, my reindeer. She’s waiting outside."
“Uh…” The man’s eyes danced over Sherlock’s face, feeling cornered. He then slumped his shoulders in defeat. “Billy. I’m Billy Wiggins.”
Sighing in relief, Sherlock pushed open the door.
As soon as he got his breath back, Sherlock stood up on the roof and smiled. From there he could see all of the town, with its smoking chimneys and mismatched roofs, sprawling from the docks to the edge of the forest. There were people, moving, working, living, on every street, taking their boats to the open sea and their cattle out to pasture.
Meet the royal princes of Londondalle, as they sneak out of their rooms past their bedtime.
The boy had just thrown Harry’s retrieved stick again, when suddenly something in the water’s ripple caught his eye. He stared at the lake’s quiet surface for a moment. A flash of white appeared under the water.
It doesn’t make sense for the vase to move, but it still does.
“And some carrots.”
“Yes, your Majesty. I shall have a squadron escort you.”
Mrs Turner had been dismissed as soon as he had turned eight-years-old, sent away with a brilliant letter of recommendation to pursue a new job with the royal family of an allied country. Despite her fixation with boring things like bed-time, proper meals and what constituted an actual toy (which, she insisted, the suits of armour definitely did not), Sherlock had to admit that Mrs Turner’s absence left a large hole in his already unremarkable life.
I think he is still very much afraid that Sherlock will turn into an automaton, and I think this is partially because of John’s low self-esteem. He still thinks his friendship and what they have accomplished together won’t be enough to keep Sherlock away from Moriarty’s dark call (as we will see again in TRF).
She had been startled by the detective’s dark figure on the stairway, but had recovered just as fast, mumbling a “Good morning,” and quickly disappearing down the stairs and into the street. Sherlock had had the presence of mind to go and make sure his flatmate had not just been assassinated, so he climbed halfway up the stairs to the second floor to peek inside his darkened room. The door had been left open and he could make out John’s figure, sleeping on his back, definitely breathing and definitely not snoring.
As much as he relished The Work, Sherlock began to dread those idle moments between a solved case and a new one. With every hour that the Captain failed to provide him with a new cold case, the high of success faded away and the ever encroaching boredom took its place. In those moments, he heard the siren call of the powder, enticing him with promises of warmth and comfort. Those calls had been growing stronger lately, as the Captain had been struggling to bring him more unsolved cases. The well was drying, Sherlock had realized with a jolt of dread, when he was handed an eighty-year-old case with little more than a few fading reports and descriptions of long lost evidence.
A cold thread of doubt tightened in his stomach at the joyful sound. Locked away in the Palace since he was five-years-old, he didn’t have any reliable information on how people behaved in the real world. Worse, he had no idea on how to interact with them. What if things didn’t go as expected? What if he miscalculated? What if he failed?
He could get used to this, Sherlock decided, as he took a bite of a cinnamon roll, only to drop the rest back on the platter. He closed his door and climbed back under the covers.
),  pleased to be meeting face to face, absorbed in their game. And John, a pawn, feeling like a disposable asset.
A childish giggle rang outside his window, breaking through his concentration. The unabashed joy of the sound pulled on Mycroft's heartstrings and on the corner of his lips. Curious, he stood up from his desk and walked to the window. From his vantage point he could see Sherlock in the garden, playing with a wooden pirate sword. He was running around animatedly, swiping his weapon at the softly falling snowflakes and yelling at invisible enemies.
(See the end of the chapter for
Without prompting, the men around Arthur joined him in a chorus of mismatched voices.
The woman and the boy hid behind the man with a terrified cry, while the man relaxed his stance, like he was expecting this incredible outcome. One of the rock people approached the man and bowed deeply. He said something John couldn't make out and the man answered in the same hushed tone.
In transient safety of his study, Mycroft made his way towards the balcony. He rested his hands on the handles, gathering his courage before facing his people. Once again, he recited his father’s advice.
“You’re freezing!” the man exclaimed, his worried eyes dancing over the prince’s face. “Come sit by the fire, I’ll bring you a blanket, no, two! Maybe some cocoa!”
“Don’t give me that “digestion slows me down” nonsense,” he had said between mouthfuls, “We both know this case will be a no-brainer.”
Anderson scoffed at the idea and downed the rest of the puff pastry. “Nah, Donovan usually takes care of that. I just read it off the paper. What I’m really interested in is establishing useful connections in the countries I’m appointed to.” He looked around before leaning closer to the prince, as if preparing to share a secret. “Knowledge is power, you know?” he whispered.
Both men stood silent for a beat.
“It’s the King! Long live the King!” the people exclaimed, raising their mugs of ale in the air.
Sherlock processed the new information quietly. How long had Jim been on his journeys? Even in such proximity, he was still unsure about the prince’s age. He focused instead on the facts he could deduce.
she sang, doing a surprisingly smooth pirouette.
Up in his study, Mycroft was pacing back and forth as he waited for the clock to strike the hour. He had ordered the Royal Tailor and all the footmen to leave him as soon as he was dressed and refused to see any of his ministers. The time was for control and concentration. He was about to appear in front of all the Kingdom and its allies - he must project an image of absolute serenity as he stepped in the role of king.
more sense than his being a masked childhood trauma. As we’ve all seen, S4 keeps repeating themes and topics from previous series (from case titles, to music scores to props!). It’s not a big stretch to think that the trope from THoB was ‘recycled’ as well.
“Jim?”
“Be nice to your brother,” the Queen admonished, patting his leg.
if he kept to his mantra, he would make it through the day.
) locked in a heated argument.
“You wouldn’t be able to save anyone if you’d lost your toes to frostbite,” John answered, crossing his arms over his chest.
Sally and the mysterious theimprobableone add their two cents. Sherlock ends the discussion two hours after John comes downstairs with a resounding “
The young prince walked the empty hall with some trepidation and knocked on his brother’s closed door.
“You’ll be fine, Mycroft,” the King reassured him.
he sang out loud as he walked down the hall.
“Ah, that’s why you’re cranky!” the prince exclaimed. “You’re no use to me like this. Maybe we could find you something to eat down there,” he pointed towards a grove of weeping willows at the bottom of a gentle slope to the left of their path.
John scrunched up his nose. "That doesn't make any sense."
This is what we are missing -
“Your Majesty, the gloves…” the old man whispered, raising his eyebrows.
There was a beat of silence as he adjusted his weight when John called out again, his voice devoid of its previous lightness.
Just a friendly reminder - John had a feeling Sherlock was gay
“She didn’t like the fact that she had to unfreeze the bathtub, no, but Mummy said not to worry.”
was the same that had him disappear into the night a month ago, leaving his son in the care of the ice harvesters.
“You don’t mind sleeping on that side, do you? I’m used to sleeping on the left,” John said.
What would his father say, if he’d seen what had happened? Would he be angry?
, brother? The sky’s awake,
Jim chuckled good-naturedly. “It would liven up this ball, at least. Violent murders tend to do that, you know?”
Three days after Mycroft’s statement was made public, Sherlock found himself on top of Londondalle’s highest cliff, standing alone between his parents’ burial stones. As the Bishop droned on his prayers, Sherlock stared at the considerable crowd before him, a sea of black clothes and unfamiliar faces. Not even Uncle Rudy had come for the ceremony, claiming a sudden worsening of his back problems.
Lestrade held up his hands placatingly, making sure the prince wouldn’t come any closer to his Ambassador.
She kissed the top of his head in return. “Good morning, sweetheart. Did you sleep well?” She made a motion to sweep back the curls from his forehead but Sherlock quickly retreated to his seat before his mother could notice his bruise.
“There you are, Blackbeard!” Sherlock proclaimed, pointing his dull sword at the empty boat. “Prepare to fight!”
Mycroft huffed humorlessly and looked upwards at the night sky, strewn with millions of celestial bodies, all twinkling indifferently at his plight. No, his father would never be angry at him - he would be sorry. He would offer meaningless platitudes and then brush everything under the proverbial rug.
Mycroft smiled at his brother’s eagerness. He took a step backwards and pushed back his sleeves, like a magician performing for a rapt audience. Technically, he didn’t need to close his eyes or wiggle his fingers, but he did so anyway. Sherlock squealed with delight.
If you remember, this case happened during A Scandal in Belgravia,
Mrs Turner waited for the maids to step back and handed the Queen a thick orange blanket to cover Sherlock with. Then she knelt in front of Mycroft, who was clinging to his mother’s side. The young prince did not raise his eyes from the floor while his nanny guided his pudgy arms through the coat.
The prince instinctively raised his fingers to touch his own wound, still tender but already forming a scab. How long ago it seemed, when he was wandering desperately in the freezing storm, lost and alone, clinging to consciousness through sheer force of will -
“That’s what I told him!”
He was angry, he realized. He had been too much of an idiot to realize the monumental secret that his brother had been keeping from him, and Mycroft had been an even bigger idiot for not taking Sherlock into his confidence. And like the pair of legendary idiots that they were they had put themselves and the Kingdom in danger.
Keeping her eyes on her charge, Mrs Turner grabbed a protesting Sherlock by the wrist and led him back to the nursery while he cried his discontent for the whole Palace to hear.
Sherlock tried to refute the barrage of offerings but found his jaw stiff and his tongue uncooperative. “I’m... fine…” he managed to hiss through his teeth.
Nervous energy sang through Sherlock’s limbs and he grabbed at the windowsill in irritation. If only he wasn’t stuck inside the Palace, if only he could open the gates and run into the town square, he would help the boy win the fight. They’d return everything the pickpocket had stolen and the people would-
“Ok, that makes sense, somewhat,” he chuckled. “So let’s say you find him, then what?”
John had risen dutifully at the break of dawn to prepare Harry and his sledge for their journey. The storm had died down around daybreak and it wasn’t long before they were on their way, leaving the thick, snow-covered forest and whizzing along the winding path that took them up the slopes of the Londondalle mountain range.
“Yes, yes, I know…” John waved his protests away, “magical snowstorm and all that.”
“Go away, Sherlock.” His clear blue eye fixed on Sherlock’s face. In the darkness of their room he could make out his brother peeping over the bed at him, his head crowned by a shock of black curls. Mycroft tried to convey his sternest look while hiding most of his face in his pillow. His brother was not fazed by this demonstration.
Although he tried to maintain his chin raised and eyes forward, his gaze escaped downwards as he felt the familiar stirring of cold air around his hands. As he had feared, the candlestick and the bowl were completely frozen over and slowly growing delicate ice crystals on their surface. Mycroft hurriedly put the objects back on the table and hid his hands in his gloves again.
“Whatever you two were arguing about, it was serious enough for him to pull…” John waved his hand vaguely in the air “... this off and leave his own palace. He clearly doesn’t want to be found,” he said with undue conviction.
(See the end of the chapter for
“John, wait!” Sherlock stood up and waddled through the deep snow towards the ice harvester and his reindeer.
he sang, waltzing with the skull.
We have, as a fandom, reached the collective answer that the skull changes (and continues to change through S4) because
“Hey! Pst!” the voice insisted.
“Get up,” the prince repeated, stepping into the stable. “You’re taking me up the mountains to look for my brother.”
Sherlock told her with an excited smile.
She was cut off by a loud thud - books thrown to the ground, Sherlock deduced. He suddenly realised that the conversation wasn't about him, anymore.
Sherlock smiled openly, for once not worried about his future. The suspect wiggled under him and Sherlock gave him a shove for good measure.
was stuck in my brain ever since.
John's dark blue eyes found her green ones. The warmth he found in her gaze made the knot in his throat loosen.
Sherlock sniffled and tried to pop his back while his mare trudged along the interminable forest.
“And Redbeard…” Sherlock crossed his chubby arms in front of him.
Sherlock made his way through the people that had remained to convey their formally dictated sympathies. He ignored the stragglers and climbed his carriage, sitting back against the door with a sigh. He wrapped his black coat tighter against himself and pretended not to hear the condescending tones of
With a sad smile, Mycroft allowed himself one last bit of sentimentality. He pointed at the snow beside him and drew a circle with his hand, willing it to form the shape of Mrs Hudson, the snow-woman, from her snowy bun to her lopsided skirt. She smiled vacantly at Mycroft, her icy arms stretched wide. If she only knew how life had changed since the last time he had seen her.
“He just walked in looking like this!” Angelo answered anxiously.
Slowly, Sherlock’s laboured breaths became chuckles and then full laughter when he locked eyes with John across the snow. The ice harvester burst into breathless giggles himself, breaking Sherlock’s gaze to grin at the cloudless sky.
Mycroft climbed purposefully up the stairs, not doubting for one moment that the staircase would support his weight. He continued his song at full volume, revelling in this newly found sense of freedom.
“I’d imagine you’d be interested in that, being an Ambassador and all.”
Mycroft repeated quietly.
After a long hiatus, here we are again! Many thanks to the amazing CarmillaCarmine for the beta!
“No! I don’t like it!” he protested, crossing his arms.
Feeling that Sherlock was well on his way towards a temper-tantrum, Mycroft conceded his point. “Alright, alright!” He brought his hands together and held them in front of him. As he spread his hands, white swirls cascaded from between them onto the snowy floor. Slowly a little fishing boat started to come into shape, made entirely out of compacted snow. It didn’t have oars or a sail, but Mycroft assumed Sherlock wouldn’t look too closely at that.
His song was cut off abruptly when he slammed against the breast of a passing horse. The force of the impact threw Sherlock sideways, over the boardwalk and into a pile of nets on a moored fishing boat.
e was carrying all that boiling water into the bathroom! I thought
he trailed off and rested his head against the oddly cold wood.
The room was quiet while they ate, the silence broken only by the crackling of the fire and Harry’s loud chewing.
Satisfied that Jim would not be falling behind, or, even worse, expose them, Sherlock let himself focus solely in the task ahead. Although he couldn’t make out the words, the voices were clear (
“Your room is ready, my friend! I put out some warm clothes for you,” he told Sherlock with unmasked pride.
“Yes, sir, beggin’ your pardon, sir. His liver quit on ’im ten years ago and he left us and my mum to fend for ourselves...” Billy trailed off.
he exclaimed and took to a run, not waiting for the guards to clear the path.
What had he done?
“King Mycroft of Londondalle!” the Bishop announced.
A soft chuckle made him turn around. John was leaning against the sink with his arms crossed, wearing an amused expression that said
Mycroft stifled a yawn as he turned another page on his Economics textbook. He still had another chapter to go before he could rest.
The prince was happily going through his list of deductions when he realized he couldn’t hear John’s steps by his side anymore. In fact, as he turned around he found the ice harvester a few feet behind him, gaping at him and holding, an increasingly more confused Harry, by her lead.
Billy’s smug smile remained in place despite Sherlock’s welcome.
“Was that your stomach?” Sherlock asked.
Mycroft tried to maneuver around them, only to step in front of a young woman, who eyed him with concern. “Your Majesty, what’s wrong?” she asked, holding a swaddled baby that gurgled happily at the sight of Mycroft’s face.
The drier, more objective ones he writes for the public and the more flourished ones he writes for himself (only himself, Mary…). He had abandoned the blog, but as soon as Sherlock returned, he was logging in again, looking at the unpublished version.
olve a murder?”
But what has been nagging at me is this:
"Oh no! What will we do?" the Ambassador asked, grabbing Lestrade’s arm with a vice-like grip.
Yes, I know, I changed the order of the scenes, but I think you'll forgive me in the next chapter, because someone is making a comeback!
Sherlock's world is changing and there's nothing he can do to keep that from happening.
(See the end of the chapter for
Yes, he could do that. He just had to walk across the courtyard and reach the gates.
!” Sherlock sang quietly as he looked from behind one of the many marble columns that framed the long hallway. He raised his hand in silent warning as he spotted their suspect, hiding behind the column in front of theirs. The prince felt Jim’s warm breath on his ear when the shorter man strained to look over his shoulder.
“Oh, yeah,” the prince agreed, directing an admiring look at the string orchestra he had hired for the ball. Of course they were good, he’d chosen them. “Didn’t think you’d notice,” he added.
“Go away, Sherlock.” Mycroft distant voice cut through his song. The coldness in his tone left no room for debate.
The Queen nodded solemnly and hid her face in Sherlock's neck.
Speaking of which, Sherlock decided it would be a good idea to get a bit of fresh air, see how the town looked like with these new colours.
But there was the rub. Mycroft would not provide him with an active case, of course. He would never willingly give Sherlock the keys to his gilded cage, arguing that a
Sherlock took a step towards the Captain. “What do you mean, the worst?”
he leaned towards the reindeer, who raised her ears in recognition, but kept working through her carrots.
As his sodden boots climbed the welcoming steps, his burning eyes landed upon the wooden sign hanging over the large door.
Pinned to the spot, Sherlock was obliged to bow to the guests and pray that he wouldn’t be caught in the exchange of mindless pleasantries for too long. He needn’t have worried because as soon as he straightened back up, Mycroft stepped down the stage to address the Prime Minister directly.
The boy's anguished plea snapped the guards out of their shock and into action. The oldest one instructed his companion. “Go summon their Majesties! Quick!”
“Young Sherlock, good morning.” Mrs Turner interrupted his thoughts.
Sherlock is not a great fan of this case post
, though, is it, because he’s …
But Sherlock, in his mind, will not put his well-being first. This is his blindspot. He has no clue how much his happiness is tied to John’s happiness. But we know he will do anything
Sherlock’s attention was pulled back to the altar when the song dissolved into the air and the Bishop’s clear voice resonated in the church once again. Intoning an ancient prayer, the old man took the royal crown from its burgundy pillow on the altar and raised it solemnly in front of Mycroft, who bowed stiffly in answer. From his vantage point, Sherlock could see his brother closing his eyes when the crown touched his head.
I added a blue line next to the part of the text that coincides. In green and pink are the parts that don’t. Mary is reading from a paragraph that’s not in the published version, and she is clearly teasing John about it. He is waxing poetics about Sherlock’s movements while on the case. You can see that the published version is much more clinical in its description. It also mentions that they were supposed to spend a night in the client’s bedroom but that turned out not to be necessary, while the unpublished post jumps that and goes straight to the autopsy.
Not far from where he stood, over the top of the trees, rose a steady plume of smoke against the metal gray sky. Sherlock's heart beat wildly in his cold chest as the prince made a renewed effort towards the source of the smoke. Slowly, he was able to waddle through the storm until a small wooden lodge was visible between the trees. The fluttering yellow light that filtered through the windows beckoned the freezing prince forwards until he found himself at the foot of the wooden steps, without much recollection of how he crossed those final yards.
“Born with them, and they’re getting stronger.” The King shot an icy glare towards his wife. She only clenched her jaw in answer.
- A Study in Pink, posted on the 7th of February.
“Why, thank you, Harry,” John bowed his head at the reindeer and she raised her head in surprise, a string of drool dripping from the corner of her mouth.
This is a slightly darker take on Frozen I, as would befit a Sherlock AU. It's still funny (I hope) and people will still break into song for no good reason.
Sherlock’s clumsy fingers wandered around the wooden window frame, looking for the lock. He stood on the tip of his toes to reach the top of the tall window, but flinched and almost toppled backwards when his overheated cheek touched the cold window. After regaining his balance, he eyed the fogged glass with distrust. He could feel the cold emanating from the window, trying to seep under his clothes. He shook his head slowly. No, that wouldn’t do. He was feeling warm now, he didn’t want to be cold again. Not anymore.
A week after the King and Queen’s departure, Sherlock was summoned to his father’s office. There he found his brother in the company of the Captain of the Royal Guard and a man he didn’t know. A terrible feeling of dread filled his chest when he scanned their faces.
Jim whispered and pointed at an enormous porcelain vase that stood right behind the suspect.
John kept his eyes fixed on the celling as Sherlock laid his head back on his own cold pillow. Was he blushing?
Another round of polite applause received the prince as he walked onto the small wooden stage to stand next to his brother.
Mycroft exhaled forcefully through his nose before explaining. “That man was on a mission to gather intelligence on the Suomic Ambassador, and now you’ve gone and ruined everything with your little spectacle.”
Nodding at each other, they jogged down the garden and into an empty corridor.
“I don’t expect
The prince remained on the rooftop for a few more minutes, contemplating the endless expanse of ocean before him. The sky was clear blue and the sea was calm. A cool breeze caressed his face and played with his curls. From his vantage point he could see a scattering of little fishing boats and larger sailboats beyond the bay, taking advantage of the mild autumn weather.
oup. Yuck!” Sherlock pulled a face as he slid towards his brother.
Sleep had been hard to find the previous night. After tossing and turning in his bed for a couple of hours, Sherlock had decided to give up and use his time in a more productive manner. He  had taken his latest cold case and spread the documents all over the floor, willing himself to focus on the data before him and not on the possibilities of the day ahead. He had fallen asleep over the paperwork well after three in the morning, judging by the creases on his pajamas.
“Let’s get back to work!” John renewed his efforts to pick a single block of ice from the freezing water. This time he joined the song, trying to deepen his voice to match his companions.
He leaned over the table as he willed his heartbeat to slow down. He would get through this. No one would notice if he was quick enough, if he stayed in control. He could hold it together for one day.
The vexed ice harvester was stunned silent for a moment before a small smile grew on his lips. “That’s not what I meant,” he explained a bit more gently, “What are you doing?”
In an Inception-like manner, the months that follow fit inside those seconds of consciousness he has left. Although his hold on logic is fragile and his hand-made scenarios are not exactly perfect (themes are reused, objects chance places and shape, people act strangely, logical threads sometimes lead nowhere) he does his best to anticipate what is going to happen. Time is running out, and so is his mind. Remember, he doesn’t have all the data, sentiment may be clouding his judgment, but he will try.
And that was going to be a problem, John realized. It was too dangerous to go into the forest in this weather, but he would be damned before he set his foot back in the trading post. As he considered his options, Harry grunted and shook her head to dislodge the snow in her fur. Suddenly, an idea popped into John's head.
Sherlock made a noncommittal noise, as he tried unsuccessfully to spot the couple amid the crowd.
“Thank you, John Watson. I’m Sherlock… Holmes,” the prince said after a second of hesitation.
That wasn’t exactly what he thought John would pick up from his account, but he was happy to explain. “My partner, Prince James of the Éiren Isles,” he said, puffing his chest with pride.
“You’re being a child!”
According to Holmes himself, Victor Trevor was his only friend in campus.
“That doesn’t mean I can’t be a knight in shining armour,” Jim said quietly, walking back to his friend.
olve the murder of her husband!”
Sherlock let his shoulders drop and leaned against the railing. “I suppose you’re right,” he admitted. He had wanted to repay Jim’s trust with his own story, but now he found himself uncomfortably exposed.
They had dinner at the village’s pub. John ate his fill of beef hotpot and insisted Sherlock have a proper portion as well.
“Harry! Stop it, I’m working!”
“I’m going to tell her…” John declared, stepping forward.
(See the end of the chapter for
A quick scan of his memories provided him with no instances of having heard snoring coming from the upstairs bedroom. Not when Sherlock lied awake in his bed, cataloguing every creak and squeak in the old flat. Not even on those long nights when he carried on working in the living room while John retired upstairs.
had woken up something deep within his Mind Palace. It was calling to him in a faint voice from somewhere inside one of those rooms he couldn’t quite find.
With a heave, he finally pulled the translucent block from the water and would have toppled over if Harry hadn’t been behind him to push him back upright.
Not to be deterred, Sherlock scrambled up the bed and laid unceremoniously on top of Mycroft, ignoring his protests as to being used as a mattress.
Hearing John’s voice, Harry stood up and mewled, frantically sniffing at the upturned snow around her. Sherlock ran to her side and found her nosing John’s last bag. Inside it, he found Angelo’s gifts - a pickaxe and a length of rope - and gave silent thanks to the generous merchant. Summoning everything he knew about nautical knots, he took the items and quickly tied the rope around the pickaxe’s handle.
Sherlock was lost in his mental calculations of probability of violent crimes versus the availability of alcoholic beverages when Mycroft finally appeared, looking as pleased as punch. On any other day, Sherlock would offer a scathing remark about his brother’s unusual tardiness - one or two did make themselves readily available in his mind - but he pushed them away decidedly. Today he had to make sure he remained in his brother’s good books, so he opted to just plaster on a smile and give Mycroft a small bow as he approached.
“What are we doing here, exactly?” Jim asked, swirling the glass of wine he had snagged from a passing waiter.
one of the nurses had commented when she first met the newborn prince. She was relieved of her duties the next day.
“No. Go away.” John answered. He turned his back to the prince and laid back down, pulling his coarse blanket towards his ears.
Alone with the seagulls, he cracked open the door on one of the most secluded rooms in his Mind Palace to poke at the ache in his heart, if only for a second. There, where he kept his dreams about his future career, he always imagined another presence by his side - a partner to stand by him and share in his adventures. The prince felt his cheeks warm in shame. In his excitement, he had let his innermost urges surface onto his consciousness. Cursing inwardly, he shut the door firmly closed again.
“I’ll help you,” he declared with a solemn face. “Londondalle, no, the world needs your talents! And if your brother refuses, I’ll…” he stepped back and approached the suit of armour standing by the window. He took its menacing iron mace from its grasp and raised it with some effort, “I’ll just ride in and burst the gates open again!”
“You’d what? Make even more of a mess?” Mycroft countered, his voice growing louder. Catching himself, he closed his eyes and took a deep breath before continuing in a more subdued tone. “State affairs need to be handled with patience and level-headedness, brother mine, two qualities you do not possess.”
Sure to have captured everyone’s attention, the prince marched in victoriously, pushing the dazed assassin in front of him. Jim kept close by his side, smiling happily at the confused guests.
"I’ll go with you," Jim offered earnestly.
John then goes on to describe the case, blacking out Lestrade’s name and the place where they found the pink lady. Then he goes on a slightly disturbing tangent.
Sherlock’s frown turned real at the jab. “I’ve told you before-”
The prince had been quietly contemplating the crackling fire when a mug of hot cocoa was shoved into his hands. He grabbed the offering as best he could before looking up to find Angelo smiling happily at him.
The younger prince nodded, trying to contain his excitement under a stern look. He turned to leave but paused when he reached the doorway. His hand touched the door frame before he asked over his shoulder, “And, uh… Do you have any more cold cases that need solving?”
“Trade deals, they’re so boring…” Anderson said, taking a hearty bite of the confection and spreading powdered sugar over his front. “I just tune them out when they start discussing taxes, and tariffs…” he trailed off, dusting himself disinterestedly.
Sherlock stood up with a start. How could he forget! The Andromeda would already be waiting for her royal passengers in the docks, her burgundy sails unfurled against the gentle breeze.
Sherlock lowered his hands to give him an annoyed look. “What?”
“It’s always a detective agency!” Mycroft complained “Why can’t we be knights, for once? To slay dragons and save entire villages!”
The window washer obediently deposited the two bottles on his palm and took the offered coins.
“Mycroft!” he heard Sherlock call out when he finally reached the Palace’s gates.
to make John happy. If he thinks John is happier as a husband to Mary than as a grieving widower, he will chose to fall forward.
John couldn't make out the faces of the mysterious group, but he could see how tensely they held themselves and how carefully they walked. The man and the boy walked slowly forward, while the woman stopped repeatedly to look behind her, before clutching the orange bundle she held to her chest and rushing after the other two.
No, falling backward will not do.
The sharp ringing of the church’s bells cut suddenly through the air, snapping Sherlock out of his reverie.
Feeling a bit less restricted, Sherlock curled into himself as tight as he could, trying to chase after the warmth that had filled his chest only a few hours prior.
“You’ve dropped your mace!” Sherlock exclaimed as he pulled his friend up towards him.
The ice harvesters arrived at the lake just as the horizon was turning a dark shade of pink. The frosty wind blew gently through the trees, waking the birds that rested on their branches.
“Sherlock? What’s the meaning of this?” Mycroft asked with barely contained rage.
Even Sherlock's family was behaving differently. His father immersed himself in his books. He would spend most of his days in his study, buried in dusty tomes. Sometimes, he would leave the Palace for days and return with a crate full of new books and with wistful eyes. His mother became quiet and irritable. Her patience for Sherlock's never ending stream of questions was gone and replaced with a sharp "
“Where you injured your left shoulder, yes, not your right leg.” Sherlock interrupted, no longer able to keep his deductions to himself, regardless of John’s stunned look. “Probably dislocated it, by the way you move it. I suppose you also broke a few ribs and won some interesting scars as a souvenir, but I’d need more data to confirm this. My point is, even if you had hurt your leg, I don’t see how it can suddenly become better, especially not after our daring escape from snarling death.”
For all his interest in specific areas of knowledge, he rejected others with a passion. He scoffed at the Politics section of the library, ignored the books on Economics and turned his nose on all fiction that did not include at least one good murder mystery (or, barring that, gripping high-sea adventures).
He put his head out of the window and looked up. A smile blossomed on his lips. If he stepped on the ledge maybe he could reach the eave and climb onto the roof. After a moment of consideration, Sherlock pushed up a chair by the window and stepped up on the windowsill. He resolutely ignored the seventeen feet drop in front of him and reached for the roof. The eave was just a few inches away from his fingertips, so he took a deep breath and jumped up. He managed to grab the roof’s edge but there he encountered a problem. Pushing himself up was a lot harder than anticipated. Sherlock’s arms were short and thin, and lacking strength to push his skinny body up.
3. Mycroft's ice palace is based on the SIS Building at Vauxhall Cross where Mycroft supposedly has his office.
“Prime Minister, I would like to take this opportunity to express Londondalle’s interest in re-establishing our former trade business with Gaulia, perhaps discuss some new, more innovative deals…” he droned on, leaving Sherlock to stand alone on the stage with only the empty throne for company.
he muttered their mantra, trying to summon control over his powers.
Sherlock was left standing in the corridor as Mycroft locked himself in his bedroom.
The young woman bolted from behind her desk and up the stairs, leaving Sherlock to follow her to the second floor towards their room. Once there, she opened the door for Sherlock’s inspection. The detective entered the room and stopped in his tracks.
(the wife of the man found dead in the boot of a car asks for help in the comments). During S2, where you could argue that John and Sherlock are in top shape as far as their dynamic goes. Here is the published entry:
a crew?” Mycroft raised one eyebrow at his brother.
Billy’s smile grew slowly, revealing more than a few missing teeth. “I think you want some more. It’ll be two crowns, please.”
“Dear me! How clumsy am I?” Jim exclaimed, stepping in between Sherlock and Anderson. “I spilled wine all over the prince!”
He dismounted his reindeer and looked around. The trail of frosted grass led past the horses and through a narrow path between dark, volcanic rocks. He could hear the hushed tones of adult voices - a man and a woman's - further into the path, interspaced with the sound of air rushing out, like the breath of some great beast.
ten grey wolves giving chase and approaching rapidly.
Last 221B scene in TBB, John writes up the case. Berwick contacts Sherlock. If the 22nd is a Monday (according to Van Coon’s schedule), it makes sense that Sherlock would be holding a copy of The Sunday Times on the 28th.
ea with my crew!”
The footmen scrambled to convey the orders as Mycroft turned back inside, closing the door behind him one last time.
More intelligent people than I have written many wonderful metas about that episode in particular and S4 in general, but I would like to draw your attention to these metas by
“I didn't! I did?” he asked, surprised. Before he knew it, Sherlock was being steered towards the bathroom in his robe and slippers.
Jim took a step forward and bowed deeply in greeting. “Your Majesty.”
He raised his ice blue eyes to his anxious parents. “I didn’t mean to do it… It’s- it’s getting stronger...” he stammered.
“Yes, but if -”
Mycroft looked up at his mother with a watery smile.
“Go put on your robe, first,” he tied the sash primly over his pudgy middle. “Mummy won’t like it if you catch a cold.”
Sherlock kneeled on the roof, trying to peer through the window, but the angle was too steep to see. He was keenly aware that his wasn’t a conversation for his ears, but his curiosity was stronger than his sense of decorum. Besides, if he was being punished, he should be the first to know.
“Yes! Shut up!” Sherlock snapped. There was a rustle of paper as he curled further into himself, chasing after the remnants of his dream.
“What do you want?” the prince barked as he unlocked the window.
Remember how angry John was in this scene?
and I finally got to
“Maybe you could tell me why you kept the gates closed for so long. It’s so strange, isn’t it?” Anderson asked, but quickly backtracked, raising his free hand in apology. “I’m sorry, perhaps you don’t realize that, but everyone is commenting on how strange that is…”
“Mummy! Daddy! Please!”
As soon as he was on the roof, he heard a door being slammed somewhere down the hall. He ran across the rooftops as fast as he could until he reached his parent’s bedroom window. As he approached, he could hear his mother’s urgent tones.
“Everything is under control, you can handle this,” the King interrupted. “You’ve trained for this.”
“But that’s not-”
John coughed awkwardly into his fist.
“Yes, your Majesty,” the guard replied.
“Redbeard!” Sherlock called out and moved to save his crewmate, losing his balance and falling over himself.
“Do I?” Sherlock countered, leaning away from the Ambassador. He took a moment to study the man in front of him.
. He walked carefully away from the ice and onto the snow that had been amassing near the thrones. “I’ve been practicing it in the bath.”
The prince could feel his heart hammer in his chest as adrenaline coursed through his system. His mind was clear and focused, ready for action. He turned to his companion and shouted “There’s a total of ten wolves and the alfa couple is closing in from the right. What do we do?”
"That sounds… good. Very good!" he smiled.
Hey guys! This next chapter was getting a bit too big so I decided to divide it in two. This is a smaller chapter to set the tone for the next one, where, you've guessed it, we'll have another song.
The prince looked determinedly at his reflection and adjusted his hair one last time before turning towards his bed. There he dropped to a crouch and reached a long arm under the frame to extract a little leather pouch from its hiding place. It clinked when he hid it his jacket's inner pocket.
For his part, Sherlock kept to the sanctuary of his room, only leaving occasionally to roam the empty halls, when the darkness of the night would combine with his drugged perception and make the furniture glow and dance to a wonderful tune in his mind.
I hope you enjoy it!
“Just wait a moment,” the prince said, returning his attention to the burgundy cape wrapped around a thin branch, just out of reach of his prying fingers.
When John nodded, she uncrossed her arms and clapped her hands. "Well, you know what? Go help Mr Murray, but come and find us when the season ends." The light was back in her face. "The geysers will keep you warm all through winter. We’ll have barbecues, play games, tell stories... You’ll be part of the family! How does that sound?" She laid a gentle hand on his small shoulder.
“And besides, you should stock up,” he carried on. “The guards 'ave been looking at me funny and I’m not planning on rotting in jail, thank you very much. I’m making a proper amount of money 'ere at the Palace, but if I start feeling like they’re on to me, I’ll pack my things and go. And then what will you do?” he asked, raising a fuzzy eyebrow.
The guard kept his stunned silence and Sherlock started to feel his temper rise. “You’ll still catch him if you hurry. I can give you a description!” he pointed at the window.
“Mrs Thompson? She has a terrible taste in music,” Sherlock scoffed. “Unless you want to endure four hours of bagpipes, you’ll have to let me take care of the music. She can take care of everything else, for all I care.”
Let’s look at the screen that Mary is reading from:
A particularly vigorous snore shook the detective from his thoughts. Still asleep, John sniffed and scratched his nose and once again began snoring in earnest.
This episode spans a total of 5 days (March 23rd to 27th). Today we will look at the first two entries.
“Is that why you’re looking for criminals? Come on, I promise I won’t tell,” Jim teased, giving him a playful bump on the shoulder.
“Until then, we’ll lock the gates.” the King added, already developing a plan. “We’ll reduce the staff and limit Mycroft’s contact with other people. We’ll keep his powers hidden from everyone, even from Sherlock.”
“See? You’re good...” his father smiled at him. He kept his warm hands around his son’s gloved ones and kneeled down in front of him. “Conceal it,” he recited, holding his gaze.
Harry keeps trying to be involved in John’s life but he keeps holding back.
“What are we doing here, exactly?” Jim asked, swirling the glass of wine he had snagged from a passing waiter.
Draugr - undead creatures from Scandinavian mythology.
he finished quietly, pulling the blanket over his shoulders and closing his eyes.
The foreign prince kneeled beside them and gagged the suspect with his own handkerchief. After making sure his knots were secure, Jim raised his eager gaze at his friend.
The air was suddenly very cold around the older prince. There was a stirring in the air, like the very atoms were re-arranging around Mycroft’s hands. That stirring quickly manifested in bright white swirls that danced around his fingers. He brought his hands together and the swirls coalesced into a spinning sphere. Mycroft opened one eye and gave his brother a knowing smile before throwing his hands up. The sphere shot into the air and exploded into a million snowflakes that gently began to fall all around the ballroom.
“Well, goodnight,” he said and yawned deeply, “Thanks for the mould-free room.”
“Don’t you think I’ve read them more than once? More than ten, twenty times?” His father was growing more agitated by the second. Sherlock didn’t think he had ever heard him like this. Had he misbehaved that badly?
Mrs Hudson waved her icy arms, “Oh, no dear, not with my hip. I’ll stay in the palace and have a cup of tea.”
“Sherlock,” the prince grumbled into his hands.
Sherlock sang and weaved his way between the people now pouring into the courtyard.
She was dressed in a plain brown dress and her graying red hair was pulled back in an impeccable bun. Despite her usual steely appearance, Sherlock noticed some new lines around her lips and dark shadows under her eyes. Maybe she was feeling sick as well…
He thrust his left arm forward and white swirls of magic erupted from his hand, climbing up his arm and spreading along his body. As they spread, his solemn black military attire transformed into a pearly blue three-piece suit that shimmered with a thousand ice crystals. Fascinated by the change, he opened his right hand and the swirls coalesced in his palm, forming an umbrella made of translucent ice.
Ignoring the old woman’s grumbles, Sherlock rushed into the once closed-off Ballroom. The usually deserted room was now busy with activity. Footmen were setting tables against the walls while maids brought in platters of food and drink in preparation for the evening guests. Mrs Turner was arguing with the cook in a far corner, while several musicians were noisily tuning their instruments right beside them.
The episode from hell - The Final Problem!
He furrowed his brow in concentration… Could it be? He followed the man with his eyes as he wandered around the square until he stopped behind a group of people by the fishmonger’s stall. Sherlock saw how the man leaned forward, pretending to inspect the day's catch as his hand dove swiftly inside another man’s pocket and brought back a bag of coin, like a seagull diving for fish.
"You and Harry can come live with us!" Ella decided after she had hugged her fill. The gems in her necklace glowed a little brighter.
The prince finally reached the end of the room, dizzy and out of breath. He was grinning wildly at his new friend, returning the skull’s yellow smile. Feeling invigorated by his mad tour of the Palace, Sherlock deposited the skull reverently on a leather armchair, hoping to confuse the next person that wondered in. He winked goodbye at his friend and left for the main hall.
Satisfied with the answer, the King gave a short nod and made towards the door. The Queen approached her eldest son and raised her arms as if to hug him, but she quickly lowered them when Mycroft shoulders stiffened in response.
Jim relaxed against the railing while his eyes followed the aggravated prince. He smiled kindly at his companion and took another sip of his wine.
The King put his hands on his shoulders, protectively, and the Queen caressed his chubby cheek. Her clear blue eyes were full of sadness when she spoke. “We’ll protect him. I’m sure he can learn to control it.”
With a sigh of relief, Mycroft unclasped the sapphire pin at his neck and felt his heavy cape fly off his shoulders. He turned around to see the shrinking speck of burgundy disappear into the thick grey clouds below and felt like his problems disappeared with it as well. He would live his life as he was meant to, alone with his powers, where he could hurt no one else. To his amazement, that decision filled him with a novel sense of relief, of... freedom?
The Queen answered in kind. “That’s right, before we got married. Us!” she yelled. There was a moment of silence before she continued in a more subdued tone, “I thought you were done, you gave me your word. And there I was, pregnant with your first-born and you still fell into bed with him!”
The princes kept their stances low as they followed the arguing pair across the garden. As they moved, Sherlock kept his eyes trained on the slowly advancing assassin and wondered whether it would have been sensible to have brought some sort of weapon with him.
“Time to get ready, sir,” the voice in the hallway informed him. “Your brother has instructed me to-”
John let his fingers run through a few simple chords, trying to make out the nagging feeling at the back of his mind. Alone with Harry, he decided to improvise a little song.
“Oh, you fell off your bed last night, bumped your head, made a big scene…”
(See the end of the chapter for
His brows smoothed when an idea came into his mind. He walked towards a nearby window, closed against the cold spring night.
He could feel his cheeks heat and gave silent thanks that no one could witness his lapse. He shifted back to the edge of the bed, making the matress creek. The noise must have disturbed his bedmate from his deep sleep because John mumbled incoherently, turned on his back and, surprisingly, stopped snoring. Sherlock freezed.
Sherlock chuckled incredulously at the sight. Of all the things he had dreamed for himself, being the audience to a living snow woman's song-and-dance routine was not one of them.
Surprise flashed briefly in the man’s eyes. “They call me Wiggy,” he tried again.
” they sang together as Jim jumped from the balcony onto Sherlock’s outstretched arms.
Jim shrugged in reply. “Oh, I spend so much time away, they would barely notice if I was gone,” he explained and finished his wine with a slow gulp. “I was eighteen when my father sent me on my first overseas mission and I’ve been acting as his envoy ever since.”
Jim walked calmly up to him and placed his hands on his shoulders, holding his companion in place. Sherlock gave a nervous sigh as Jim locked eyes with him.
1. Alea iacta est - latin phrase meaning "The die has been cast." Mycroft is a classical snob like that.
Filled with adrenaline, Sherlock didn’t spare any thought to the suspect’s injury and jumped on his back, holding his hands securely behind him.
The prince reached a careful hand to hold a nearby branch, causing it to tinkle against its neighbours. On closer inspection, he could see that the branch was covered in icy droplets, and that each droplet had frozen around a budding leaf, vibrant green against bluish-white. He ran his thumb against one of the frozen buds and smirked derisively.
The cold thread grew stronger and climbed up his stomach to wrap around his throat. Sherlock gulped to ease the tightness and turned back to the mirror to stare at his reflection.
The ever present shadow of Moriarty (Anonymous) looms. This last bit makes me wonder… Has Moriarty already set up his surveillance system on 221B? Is he already watching Sherlock and John?
Sherlock grabbed both of Jim’s wrists and dropped down the balcony. In the next moment, he was dangling six feet from the ground, held only by Jim’s strong grip on his own wrists.
Eager to get away from his wandering thoughts, Sherlock made his way back to the pulley and down into the action. He reached the Dining Hall window at full speed, surprising Billy, who had been standing by the window with a mop and a bucket in his hand, wondering where his pulley had gone.
The edge of the outcrop was littered with unusually round rocks and a few scattered bushes. John dropped to a crouch as he approached it and took cover behind one of the rocks. He craned his neck to peep at the valley below.
Well, because I want to transpose this answer to the other question:
“Getting upset only makes it worse,” the King explained with an even voice and took a step towards him.
“Come on, Billy…” Sherlock gave him his most winning smile. “If money is the issue here, I can pay you handsomely for the information. You could go ask your father again. No one has to know I sent you...” he lowered his voice to a conspiratorial tone.
A peal of laughter erupted from Sherlock’s chest, melting away his anxiety. He smiled at John and found the man smiling tentatively back at him, as if unsure that his vulgar joke would sit well with his royal companion.
, we know that whatever happened to Redbeard influenced Sherlock deeply. It turned the affectionate, emotional child into the cynical, closed-off adult that we know.
PS: I really don't know if seagulls preen each others feathers in the actual world, but these ones do (#disclaimer).
“I really don’t…” Sherlock trailed off when he saw his reflection in the mirror over the wash basin. Above the angry bruise on his forehead he noticed a single curl of white hair nestled among his jet-black curls. He raised his hand to touch it but was cut short when Mrs Turner stepped in front of him to pour water in the basin.
"I know that!" Ella interrupted, startling Harry. "But why aren’t you home? Won’t your parents be worried?" she turned to John with concern on her rough features.
Jim tipped his head to the side to point Sherlock’s attention to the large woman sitting next to him, who was currently struggling to keep her head upright as she nodded off to sleep. Sherlock had to cough to hide his laughter when the woman’s head dived sideways and landed on Jim’s shoulder. Jim only smiled wider and shrugged in mock defeat.
“Sherlock, get down now!” John hissed.
*dun-duuuun*
In their room, they took turns to use the bathroom and change into their sleeping clothes. When Sherlock emerged from the bathroom, John was already lying on the left side of the bed, thumbing through his phone.
“Come on, lad, wake up!” Bill insisted. “You need to get up!” He drove his point further by unceremoniously pulling away John’s blankets and shoving them on the floor, leaving John to curl up against the cool air.
John’s cheeks became beet red. “Well, someone threw all my supplies at the wolves!” he argued, shooing away Harry’s concerned sniffing.
Apparently satisfied, Mycroft put down the document and smiled. “I’ll pass this information on to the Captain. Thank you, Sherlock, you’ve done your country a great service.”
Sherlock had almost no time to think about what had just happened before the Master of Ceremonies was calling his name too.
Mycroft stepped back inside and closed his window with a bang. Not backing down, Sherlock turned around and stretched enough to lightly kick the top of his brother’s window.
What we are seeing is false. The scene is false. Sherlock hasn’t fallen backwards.
Making up his mind, he sniffed and jutted up his chin. Since he didn't really know how he was supposed to use the powder, Sherlock decided to take the most obvious route. He gathered up his courage and took out the cork stopper, tipping the bottle's contents on his tongue in one swift motion.
On this second post, John vents a bit about his memorable row with the chip-and-pin machine at the start of the episode. Again, nothing too exciting about this post. It only drives home John’s grumpy, frustrated mood that he decides to complain on the interwebs about an annoyance he had that morning, despite having started a new possible murder case that very same day.
Harry, having finished her own inspection of the stable, was looking eagerly at John, waiting for her treat.
You what?
“Hm? Oh, yes. Needs must. You’ll have to be present too, I’m afraid,” Mycroft added.
“Really?” John crossed his arms. “The woman is paranoid and disoriented, it’s textbook Alzheimer’s. What’s your real interest in this case?”
John’s eyebrows shot up in alarm and he sprang to his feet. “Your Highness! Forgive me, I had no idea,” he blurted, keeping his eyes downcast.
“It’s that Seb here can be a bit of an oaf,” Jim explained as he walked back to his horse, who stood a few feet away from them, eying the water with distrust. Jim patted the gray stallion on the chest and smiled apologetically back at Sherlock.
