"You actually think we can just Google him, our century old companion?" Sherlock asked with a doubtful little laugh.
"I'm sure there's something it can swallow." John presumed, swaddling the baby a bit tighter into the blanket so that its arms would stop waving about.
"I like things that make sense, Greg. You know that." John groaned. "And this deed seems to be as much an enigma to me as you are."
"We shouldn't sell them, they belong to the house." Sherlock said nervously.
"I've only been telling him things he already ought to know." John grumbled.
"God, John what is it!" Sherlock grumbled, his voice sounding tired and not very less irritable as before.
John woke to the darkness, the darkness which was interrupted only by the small, smoldering logs in the fire. The red embers were all that remained, smoldering smokeless inside of the hearth. John sighed heavily, shivering powerfully and deciding that he ought to put some more logs onto the fire. The house was still and silent, for its ghosts had to sleep as well, and yet John was much too afraid to check his watch. He didn't like any confirmation that it was too late in the night; he didn't like the ominous feelings of loneliness that came along with such early morning hours. John was just about to get up when he noticed an arm dangling next to him, a pale arm that could only belong to one man, swinging off of the couch as he slept. John smiled quietly; appreciating now the untarnished skin that glowed so innocently by the last red light of the glowing embers. The effortlessly beautiful skin, gleaming and tempting, hanging so close to his face that it would only be too easy to lean and brush his cheek against the dangling fingertips. John sighed heavily, looking up now to Sherlock's face where it was smashed against the cushion, his eyes closed and his lips parted. Yet he still looked dashing, perhaps one of the most beautiful creatures on the whole of the planet, even when he was still asleep in such a state. Well surely the only thing more beautiful than Sherlock when he was asleep was when Sherlock when he was awake. All the same, the asleep Sherlock was so much easier to appreciate, and to investigate. Sherlock would never tolerate so much staring, a boy that was so self-conscious about his own beauty, a boy who would not allow himself to anyone before he was sure that person was someone special. Well what made John so insignificant? Who was Sherlock waiting for, if not for his true soulmate? John felt as though he had some rights to Sherlock, even if the boy would not accept it. He knew that they had a complicated and entangled history; he knew that in some point in time there was a version of Sherlock Holmes that saw John as an opportunity, not merely an inconvenience. He knew that there was a moment when Sherlock's eyes sparkled just as eagerly, he knew there was a moment when that boy would follow him to the ends of the earth, perhaps even all the way up to his bedroom. And yet this world was different, this world was much more stubborn than the rest. This world only permitted John to stare at Sherlock when he was asleep, and appreciate him only by the skin that was exposed from his dangling arm. There was no situation in this world in which John could be Sherlock's, at least not right now while he was married and Sherlock was so pure. Especially not when there was the promise of Victor Trevor, looming just over the horizon. No, Sherlock would not look twice in John's direction when he knew there was something much more promising ahead. John really was nothing in that boy's eyes, nothing when compared to the man he believed to be his one and only soulmate. Oh if only Sherlock could realize the world was more complicated than that. If only he knew that their pasts were intertwined together, not separately, and not singularly? They were trapped in a web, not merely an entanglement, and to deny the strings which were wrapped so tightly would be foolish of them both. Yet what could John do, what could he only do? He couldn't lean forward to kiss that hand which was dangling; he couldn't brush the curls behind Sherlock's ear and whisper softly into his ear. He couldn't climb up onto that couch and hold Sherlock's body close to his own, not in this lifetime at least. John's only option, therefore, was to rise to his feet and retrieve logs. To walk throughout the darkness in this lonely hour, when all of the world slept except those who were hopelessly in love.
"Oh poor Sherlock, so many suitors." John teased, to which Sherlock just sighed, as if that really was such a bother.
"You mean not something you would normally do?" John presumed.
"Do you think this house has any secret passages?" Sherlock asked eagerly.
"Well, you seem to like to argue more than you like to face the facts, it would seem." Sherlock insisted, stuffing the letter into its envelope and stowing it in his own coat pocket. John wanted to speak against that, for it was rather rude if he kept it all to himself when it belonged to the past, yet all the same John had the photograph. It would seem as though they were desperate to keep a hold of the other's possessions, some of those deep rooted, provocative things that might remind them of the crazy lives they had lived before. Now they both houses those little memories, those sexual souvenirs in a way. Perhaps they were both battling demons, that demon that manifested as the little voice in the back of your head. Perhaps Sherlock, despite his pride and mannerisms, felt the need to read such a letter in some late hour of the night. Perhaps imagining it to have just arrived, so as to give him that much needed kick of adrenaline.
"Yes, yes I think that's wise. Or the library, for old newspapers." Sherlock added.
"No boxes or anything." he commented with some disappointment, pulling a sheet off of one of the wardrobe and examining the beautiful carved woodwork. Why such a beautiful piece of furniture would be stashed in the attic really was something of a mystery. There were just some old suits hanging inside, nothing of overwhelming importance or value. Sherlock gave a little sigh of annoyance, yet he closed the door and moved now to the desk.
"I'm sorry ma'am, but it's terribly urgent." Sherlock said quickly, afraid that she would make her exit soon. The woman lingered if only for a moment, sighing heavily with her hand still clenched firmly on the handle of the door.
"Well we could have dinner here, of course! How funny would that be? Get some take away and light all the candles, drink wine from the glasses and enjoy a fancy night?" Sherlock suggested a bit eagerly.
"You've got an exam..."
"Or maybe we're wrong about everything." Sherlock repeated once more, choosing now to ignore John's little comment and move on with their conversation. John nodded, leaning back in his chair and feeling a bit foolish. He realized once again just how big this dining room was, and how alone he and Sherlock really were. How it was just the two of them, sat on either side of a candelabra, on a calm and cloudless night. How they were sitting in this house, this house that fed them madness like a disease, and how they could still sit still. Perhaps it was just a nod to John's self-control, or perhaps Sherlock's lack of interest. Either way, there was something in play here, keeping them apart. Perhaps that force was just doubt, or shame, or guilt. All the same, as John looked across the entire house, knowing that they were alone and destined to stay that way, well it seemed almost silly that they might not allow themselves to venture a little closer.
"It's nothing, very much nothing." Holmes assured quickly, yet his voice was quiet, as if he was still trying to summon words beyond what might be a threatening choke of a sob.
"Yes, says here there was a Mr. Sherlock Holmes, and a Mr. Victor Trevor. All three deaths on the same day, in the same house." Mrs. Hudson muttered. "Little bit funny, don't you think? I wish they gave more description."
"Well then, obviously you have separated yourself quite well." John said quietly.
Your letter brought a well needed smile to my face, for we are all not blessed with the fortunes of an inherited estate. The world of London is a nasty one, and the scum of the criminal class is just about as displeasing as might ever be. Yet it is a formidable enemy, one which I am determined to disrupt in my near future. You know my methods, of course, and know that I am a much needed consultant to these folks down in Scotland Yard. Dare they call themselves detectives...It is with a heavy heart that I admit I cannot leave with you, as tempted as I confess to being. I see myself in London more than I might have imagined, and a future here is surely fitting to my peculiar sort of lifestyle. I do wish you the best of luck in the tea business; lonely as you might grow there I do offer you my heart as extra baggage. You know it will not dare reside with anyone else, for I have yet to meet a gentleman who is any fraction as tolerable or as desirable as you. Oh how my cheeks flush just writing such a thing down in words! Words are much more permanent than thoughts, yet I declare my love to you in both forms, just to be sure you understand my legitimacy. Be well, dearest Victor, and keep me in mind in your future endeavors.
"Well...well I mean I don't know if you knew this before, like I mean I don't know if you might've guessed at it or not." Sherlock started apprehensively. "But I'm...well I'm gay."
"Nothing, oh it's just...taxes. That's all." John said forcefully, folding the letter hastily along those age old creases and starting now to tuck the thing back inside of its envelope. God he wished there was some sort of fire, something where he might be able to burn this horrid thing!
"When you say it like that it makes me feel foolish for chasing down my own happy ending." John admitted quietly.
Sherlock cried in astonishment, picking up the ring in some urgency and sliding it onto his finger as quickly as he could. It wasn't much more encouraging when the ring slid so easily onto his finger, almost as if it was fitted exactly for him.
"Well if you were engaged you would be." John pointed out, nodding again to the ring that was still sparkling on Sherlock's finger. The boy twisted the ring a bit apprehensively, yet kept it there all the same.
"You're not actually suggesting that we go to Paris?" John exclaimed, falling back into his chair with his mouth hanging askew in surprise. Sherlock looked a bit taken aback, as if he couldn't understand what he had said wrong.
"No, I never...well who knows, Sherlock? We're still just grasping at straws. We accepted this theory because even as ridiculous as it is, well it's the only thing that seems to make sense. All science, all rational aside, it's easier to believe in reincarnation than it is to believe in coincidence. Especially this many coincidences, with names, and genetics, and interactions, and memories." John muttered.
"Mary!" John said triumphantly, for at last the buzzing had been interrupted.
"I can't say for sure either way. But I have a strong inclination to say no." John admitted.
"I don't know." Sherlock admitted. "This is all so peculiar...it still almost feels like it's some sort of everlasting practical joke."
"Is there any way I can talk you back into cooperation?" John wondered.
"I could love you too." John agreed, smiling again in such a foreign way that Sherlock was taken aback.
"I suppose it needs one, yes. We can't just call it...
"Oh wow, that's...fascinating." Mary managed, although she didn't seem to have another word to describe it. Perhaps she didn't quite understand the connection, or care to explore any farther.
"I'm not ashamed of anything!" John denied.
"Don't you sound just like an American." Sherlock chuckled. "Denying your past, just because you're ashamed of it."
"Alright then. You're right." John agreed. "I will sit down then, I will." And so he moved over to the couch, trying to make a point somehow by sitting not against the armrest, but directly in the middle of the available cushion. Just close enough now to squish his leg up against Sherlock's, and to have their shoulders brush. John began to seethe with embarrassment, for this was the point he was trying to make not to Sherlock, but to himself as well. He needed to prove that he could be close to him, while all the while proving to himself that he could be close without losing whatever ounce of self-control he had. John felt like there should be some sort of driving force behind his deprivation, something a bit more noble than just shame. And yet for whatever reason he didn't make a move just because, quite like his past self, he would be embarrassed if he got rejected. Never did a thought of his marriage pop into his head, or what an affair with Sherlock might do to his growing family. No, he just thought of his own shame. What sort of rotten person was he, then, to think only of himself not once but twice in such a relationship? And it wasn't as if some poor excuse of destiny would be enough to stifle Mary's anger, should she ever find out. John really needed to reevaluate his life here, or rather the combination of both of his lives. He needed to measure his losses, should he ever get what he wanted most in the world...
"Possibly." John muttered. "Or the owner was reconsidering, and left it there to ponder."
"Oh God, your guess is as good as mine." John grumbled. "It's just been that house, that horrible house."
place."
house." Sherlock whispered fearfully.
"Oh are yet ever
"Well then, found the attic." John said carefully, looking up apprehensively so as to make sure nothing more was going to fall down in an attempt to kill them.
"Ya, and a house is just a house, right? Nothing supernatural about it at all." Sherlock mocked, sounding very unconvinced.
"Well if he's there, why don't you ask him?" Mary insisted, in that voice she used when she was solving John's problems for him- like a mother. John sighed heavily, for there was a very pressing feeling which was urging him to do anything but what she recommended. It seemed to him, no matter how fanciful it might sound, that to bring Sherlock to his home would be an amazing conflict of interests. No, not just interests, a conflict of worlds, of reality! If he really had lived in that house with Sherlock and how many other men, well certainly introducing Sherlock to his wife would be a wrong move? It would be clashing the two realities he knew and didn't, it would be challenging not just his way of life back then, but his way of life now as well. Yet all the same, he could hear his wife's quickening hum on the other end of the line, as if reminding him to talk quickly. In all honestly, Sherlock's presence in the house might lessen the blow of the punishment for being late. And so John sighed, holding the phone to his chest and looking over at where Sherlock sat in the seat next to him.
"John, I'm sorry, but I need to talk to you. Urgently." Sherlock muttered, feeling his cheeks heat up without his permission, for even though their lives hung on the line John's beauty still made him a bit flustered. It was hard not to look at that boy and think about how he could get back into that car, get back into that backseat...
alone, Reggie?" Sherlock challenged with a hiss, grabbing his suitcase and struggling to drag it off of the porch.
"Mother?" John started nervously, yielding a great pause.
"It's all yours, dear. There's not another John Watson who lives close, in fact there's hardly another John Watson in England. Not one that I could find, at least. That name must be yours." Mrs. Hudson assured, stepping up onto the porch and waving for the two of them to come closer. The pair had stopped in the driveway, clinging to each other yet doing nothing more than staring up at the house from afar. For whatever reason, John didn't want to go just yet. For whatever reason he knew that the first step he took onto that porch, the first time his foot hit those wooden stairs, he could never leave. Yes, he might be able to walk away and drive home with his wife, though he felt as if a part of him would be inside those walls forever. For whatever reason John wanted nothing but to run, to run as fast as he could away from the house where it stretched up in the tree tops. There was a feeling deep within him, something he knew to be fear. He knew that things happened there, and that things would happen again. He felt it in his bones...that anxiousness. That breath that was being held in the house's walls, containing its excitement as its prey approached the door...yet he had no choice, did he? Surely, they would think him a coward if he didn't want to go closer, both his wife and Mrs. Hudson would laugh. Despite the feelings he had in his heart, well this really was just a house, wasn't it? Though after a moment's thought John simply looked up, shaking his head in apprehension, almost laughing at himself for being so foolish. It wasn't just a house. It was never just a house.
"Good. Well, like I was saying, I feel as though that house catered more to, well to people like me. I told you that I had a dream this afternoon, something that felt so real? Almost like it had happened before?" Sherlock pointed out. John nodded, although he wasn't entirely sure he had heard everything Sherlock just said. He was still rather caught up on his previous confession, all the while Sherlock didn't seem to think that it was a big deal. Why did John have to lie, just to make himself look a little bit more observant? If he had admitted to not knowing a thing about Sherlock's love life then he might've had more time to process, and would be following Sherlock's words instead of just staring at his lips while they moved and formed syllables. Those lips that may have been kissed by men, those lips that wouldn't all together protest if John just leaned over now, and...
"I don't want to think about it, and honestly you strutting up into my house, right past my mother who could undoubtedly notice what orientation you sport just by looking at your hair and your clothes...well she'll think we're together!" John groaned, as if this really all was some great tragedy.
"Yes, I too have had dreams. Yet I don't recall ever seeing his face..." John started.
"Up too late partying then? Man, those were the days." John said with a little chuckle.
wasn't worried about him, my past self was." John grumbled.
"Yes I know. But still, think of how old these must be." John said with a smile, demonstrating the plate to Sherlock before setting it back into its spot in the paper. "Hundreds of years, possibly even as old as the house."
"You were in there." John muttered simply. Sherlock nodded sharply, pushing past John as if he had enough of this drama. He pushed past John and went for the handle, opening the door up in something of a mad fit of anxiety. As if he wanted to know what was in this room more than anything in the world, as if he was expecting something that would change his life. And yet, when he opened it up, it proved to be nothing more than a bedroom. Nothing more than a large bed set in the middle of the room, with a blue comforter, looking just about as good as new. And yet all the same, that bed was the same. It was identical in the dream, and in the photograph, and in this life now. And yet all the same, as familiar as this room was to John, he still knew that it did not belong to him. No, he had never slept in that bed; he had never woken up tangled in its sheets. This was not his room; this was not where he was supposed to be. This room was bigger than his own, this bed was larger, the decorations were fancier. This wasn't a bed for a guest; this was a bed for a master.
"Not faces too." John pointed out again, in reference to the picture they had found before. "Mr. Sherlock Holmes, welcome to your past." Sherlock gave something of a shutter, now going to sit on the desk in some agony, hanging his head in his hands and shuttering nervously. While Sherlock recovered from the shock of his cyclical timeline John took to opening the letter. Well that might be some sort of invasion of privacy, however with some examination of the contents he found with something of a fearful shutter that he wasn't invading anyone's privacy. In fact it seemed as though this letter belonged as much to him as it did to Sherlock...for it was Sherlock's name on the envelope, but John's name at the bottom.
"I never thought I'd see you this excited." John admitted finally, feeling the need to change the conversation before he incriminated himself anymore. Sherlock smiled a bit innocently, dropping his gaze to the floor as if he was ashamed to have betrayed himself with all of this enthusiasm.
"I don't. In fact, I sort of wished I acted the same as you. Unfortunately I'm good at bottling up my emotions, and ignoring them completely. Ignoring the pain they bring." John admitted quietly.
"Is this who you've been running around with lately? My goodness, well I thought you had a suitor but I'd never have imagined that..."
"Oh she'll understand. I'll just tell her that I'm spending the night at the house because I need to do some stuff in the morning. She'll understand." John insisted, getting his phone from his pocket even before he searched for any fuel from the fire. He knew of course that he'd be willing to sleep in the cold, he'd be willing to just about anything to extend his time with Sherlock. Perhaps it wasn't just Sherlock that was drawing him in; maybe it was something more than him. Maybe it was this house, tightening its grip on them both. Holding them hostage with its suggestions turned whims, making itself all the more comfortable so that it could house its everlasting occupants even longer within itself.
"Perhaps." John admitted with a sigh. "But I haven't got a fever."
"Well what are we going to do?" Sherlock asked. "I mean, if this was all to prove that the house was just a house, then I think we've been embarrassingly proved wrong."
"I'm sorry, but this really isn't a horror movie. And furthermore, it really is none of your concern." John grumbled, shaking his head and going now to open the door. Yet something stopped him, for a moment. His hand froze, and he felt something of a burning sensation in his pocket. At first he diagnosed it as a mere muscle spasm, but as his hand neared the handle it continued, burning now so hot that it was nearly scorching his skin. John gave a great yelp, and instead of grabbing at the door he instead plunged his hand into his pocket, unearthing the key that was now burning so hot that it singed his fingers as he grabbed it from his pocket and threw it down at the carpet between the two of them. Sherlock lunged for cover once more, as if he assumed this to be another one of John's delusional attacks. Yet no, the key landed softly on the carpet, and just as soon as it had been freed from his pocket the burning sensation stopped...as if it had never been there at all.
"I didn't know you liked to draw." Mary mumbled.
"Who knows? Maybe someone brought us back, reincarnations, necromancy, take your pick!" Sherlock insisted with something of a growl, throwing his hands up into the air in exasperation. Once he picked up his head John noticed immediately that he really had been crying, for his eyes were red and watery, and his cheeks were stained with trails of moisture.
"I have." Sherlock said quickly. "Do you have a pen?"
"Do you have a better suggestion?" John wondered. Sherlock shook his head, for obviously he couldn't come up with something any better.
Greg pointed out. John saw that he was smiling, and yet he wasn't entirely sure if Greg was joking or not. Most of John's common sense said no, that Greg's inquiries, however stupid they were, were serious. He was actually doubting his friend's loyalty and his sexuality. That only made John all the more embarrassed.
"Oh no? Aren't just ashamed that you had been so desperate, so as to call on me in such a way? Not ashamed that at one point your pure little soul descended to my filthy level?" Sherlock challenged.
"Oh Mr. Watson! So lovely to see you again! How's the house?" she asked excitedly.
"Yes but it's me. I can prove it, I....well do you see there? That freckle there, on his shoulder?" Sherlock asked, pointing now to the merest little spot upon the photograph's shoulder. How Sherlock had seen it was beyond John, well he had stared down that picture pretty hard, and he hadn't seen anything but pure, unblemished skin. Yet just as soon as John went to point that out, Sherlock already had his tie pulled from his neck, and one of his buttons undone on his shirt.
"Yes, it would appear so." Mrs. Hudson agreed, handing the document over to John with something of a regretful sigh. Maybe she thought it was a sensitive subject, but then again John had to have known his long lost ancestor was dead? Obviously anyone who had the word "great" in their name must be a loss that wasn't too painful to accept.
"Sherlock, Sherlock can I talk to you?" John called out, joining the pack and speeding up to grab Sherlock's arm. He pulled away anxiously, yet john didn't let go, and so Sherlock's strength did nothing but pull them together in the end.
"That wouldn't make sense." Sherlock defended.
"Well I don't tell Greg everything." John defended, settling himself into his car while Sherlock got into the passenger seat, looking quiet and somewhat ashamed. Evidently he hadn't realized the consequences of John's absence, and was regretting ever underestimating the wrath of a wife.
"I never went into your house, professor. I never did anything like that." the boy whimpered. "Please believe me."
"Well that was quite the mystery. I feel almost as if we had resolved our problem, yet opened a completely new issue all the same. Who was that woman, I wonder?" I asked as I made my way to the brandy, pouring myself a hearty glass and holding the decanter so as to offer some to my friend.
"Is it gone for you too?" John called out to him. Sherlock sighed, opening his eyes and finally pulling himself to his feet.
"Well...just as you have changed, so have I." John said finally. "I'm a married man, committed."
"It's not going to start up, not if we leave with the intention of coming back." John assured quietly.
"Do you want to see the house?" John offered in a quiet, forceful voice. Sherlock stopped, looking up at John with a very curious gleam in his eye, something of excitement. As if he had been waiting for John to ask.
"Oh, debt really is crippling in times like this." He grumbled in annoyance, beginning to drape his limbs off of the other end of the couch, seemingly with the intention of getting back to his feet.
"I don't know, don't you think that's a little bit pushy?" John asked apprehensively.
"You haven't got a car, Sherlock, you'll be stranded." John reminded him. Sherlock sighed heavily, extending his feet out towards the other end of the couch and giving a little groan of annoyance.
"Yes, I'll see you there." John agreed, to which Sherlock gave a stiff nod, looking over John once more before turning away and following the last of the straggling stampede. Already John looked at his watch, wondering just how long these three hours were going to manage to feel.
"Yes?" Sherlock asked eagerly, reminding John that he had stopped mid idea.
"Where have you been all this time?" Mary demanded finally. John hesitated, looking towards the house and then towards Sherlock, deciding finally that it would be in his best interest to lie. If he told Mary that he had fallen asleep at the house, well then she would get all up in arms against the place. She already thought it was a burden, now this may be the final straw.
Mary welcomed them just as sweetly as one would expect in a lady. She walked outside to greet Sherlock in the driveway; all the while John had recited the story to him many times before they pulled up. There was not to be any talk about the house, they had been out in the woods counting salamanders for Sherlock's final project, that was all. Certainly it was a story which had many gaps, yet Mary certainly wasn't going to question the complexity of the operation, nor was she going to pull out the master degree's curriculum to check. Sherlock didn't ask why there was to be such an elaborate ploy, rather than just the plain truth, presumably because he already knew the answer to such a question. He knew that the house wasn't a commonplace conversation, especially not for overtop of the dinner table. Sherlock was hesitant, yet all the same he put on his most polite face and got out of the car with a grin. John sat for a moment, watching through the windshield as Mary shook him by the hand and introduced herself. He watched with a rather sickened stomach, already regretting mixing his two lives so forcefully. And even now he felt a sort of protectiveness over Sherlock, feeling as though he was doing something wrong, endangering him in some way here. Certainly there was no physical danger...oh but John had to think what his fellow professors might think, if they found out he had a student over for dinner. Well it happened all the time; John knew that most professors and their graduates students were very close. Yet Sherlock was chemistry, wasn't he? That was way out of John's line of work; it was uncanny to make a friend outside of your department. Well then, John would just have to pray word of this never escaped. He just had to settle in, and enjoy Sherlock's company to the best of his abilities. After all, there were worst people to host. Certainly they had a sort of chemistry that was everlasting, considering how far it seemed to have gotten them. And so John got out of the car, covering his head with his bag as he rushed into the house to escape the rain. He found Sherlock and his wife already situated in the kitchen, seeming to have begun their small talk about Rosie, who was sitting in her high chair smashing Cheerios to a pulp with her fist. She liked to abuse her food, rather than eat it.
"Ya alright, I'm coming down!" John replied after a moment, and Mrs. Watson turned back to face Sherlock. For a moment they just looked at each other, for the woman still hadn't opened the screen door.
Why was I roped into all of this mess, this isn't my house! This isn't my house." Sherlock growled, shaking his head violently and turning on his heel, storming out into the hallway and leaving John alone in the room for a brief moment. He stared for a while at the wardrobe, tempted now to reach out and open it just a little bit, so as to see the robe hanging there where it was promised to be. Yet he refrained, he knew that it wasn't his to touch, and so just like Sherlock he turned on his heel, making something of a less dramatic exit. John of course had the manners to close his door on the way out. John found Sherlock in the sitting room, holding his head in his hands in something of a defensive manner. He dared not sit on the furniture, and so he was curled up against the wall of the fireplace, sitting on the floor with his knees to his chin. John might've thought he was crying, and yet he was shaking noiselessly. No, he didn't seem upset about anything. He merely seemed afraid. And fear was an emotion John currently knew a lot about. He lingered a little bit closer, yet he dared not speak a word, lest he interrupt Sherlock in his helpless state. And so John merely leaned against the doorway, taking a deep breath and watching in a pitiful sort of way, watching now as Sherlock cowered all the while knowing that he could do nothing to console him. He knew that this was all such a crippling burden; he knew that this was all such a puzzle that it split your brain clean in half. Oh, but was it selfish to finally appreciate that someone else understood his pain? Was it ghastly to feel something of a relief, to know now that this headache was not his alone to bear? There was someone else involved, someone else roped in without their consent. Finally, John was not on his own.
"Dare I ask how so?" Sherlock wondered. John sighed heavily, thinking back now to just how rough his life had been as a kid. Well no one would've known it, really, for it wasn't like he had come from some trailer park in the middle of the Virginia's.
"Oh come on John, don't make me out to be the bad guy. I'm just brainstorming." Mary defended, following John to her feet and clutching onto Rosie carefully. John nodded, pausing next to the stairwell and taking a deep breath, staring down into the eyes of this pencil creation, staring into the eyes and seeing real eyes staring back at him. Seeing this face but on a body, a body on a bed. His bed.
"I know, I know Sherlock. Just, my God. I'm going to die." John whispered.
"Well the dreams, of course. We seemed to be quite keen." Sherlock admitted quietly, as if he was ashamed to even allude to such obscene passion.
"I'm not responding to that." John said finally, and with that he got into the driver's seat and shut the door with a snap, finally blocking out Reggie's pestering and appreciating just a quick moment of silence.
"I'm sorry, Professor Watson I...I don't think I've been terrorizing you! If I have been well then...well then it certainly wasn't my intention!" the boy breathed, cowering even farther away from John yet just now mustering the courage to look him in the eyes. John stared into his gaze for a moment, seeing legitimate confusion, and furthermore legitimate terror. And so the boy was properly afraid, well that was good, wasn't it? That was useful. If he was afraid, well then surely he would very easily learn his lesson, and not dare to bother John any longer.
But he was at a loss. Obviously Sherlock couldn't have taken that picture, obviously the Sherlock that stood before him was completely separate from the one in this century old picture. "But how?" was all John could choke out any longer.
"You think we should give it a name?" John's voice wondered, followed quickly by his footsteps down the metal hall. Sherlock craned his neck, though fell back unimpressively and shrugged.
"Yes, it's gone." He murmured in relief. "Now if you'll excuse me...I'm going inside."
especially not without a little sleep. What if we leave and it starts up again?" Sherlock whined defensively.
"I think I might stay here tonight." Sherlock decided quietly.
"Stop that Sherlock, you know that's not true." John insisted.
"What's Professor Lestrade going on about, a photograph?" Sherlock asked with something of an apprehensive little chuckle. He seemed rather perplexed, yet still interested enough to have that little inquisitive look in his eyes. John took a heavy breath, shaking his head so as to let Sherlock know he really didn't know how to phrase this.
"I'll see you later, Reginald." Sherlock growled, bounding down the porch and throwing his two carry ons into the backseat. John finally wrenched that huge suitcase into the tiny trunk, slamming the door down on it and starting then to the driver's seat.
"Well, it's not yesterday anymore, is it Mary?" John snapped, getting to his feet rather angrily and snatching up his drawing once more. Mary gave a great sigh, as if she really was sick of her husband's childishness in situations like these.
"Our parents had names." John pointed out. Sherlock sighed, though he couldn't imagine himself naming that little thing after their parents, especially when they had hardly known the people. It seemed almost a death wish, imposing the names of the fallen to their only glimmer of hope.
"It's a conference." John said quickly.
"So what if you're straight, so what if I'm not, so what about orientation, John this is life and death? I am going to die, you might die, my God do you see this hospital band on my arm? The doctor told me today, he gave me my death sentence, you can't just ignore this and let it get worse!" Sherlock growled, shaking his head in exasperation and taking a step forward. This time John didn't step back. He seemed to loosen, he seemed to drop his shoulders and hang his head, suddenly he was recovering from the shock and understanding the severity of it all.
"It's just crazy that you use those words so carelessly now. Reincarnation...like it's no big deal at all." Sherlock said with a little chuckle.
John didn't tell Mary where he was going, partially because it was not her business to know every detail of his life, and partially because he didn't want her following. It was a Saturday morning, their planned day of investigation, and Mary's presence throughout the whole ordeal would be nothing but bothersome. Besides, the house may not admit to any of its secrets if Mary was hanging about, wanting to know what was going on the whole time. And so as John stood by the mirror, in a practical yet not all together hideous outfit (he was trying to mind his own fashion choices, if he was now up against a beautiful man for Sherlock's attention) he tried his best to ignore his wife's pestering.
Mr. Sherlock Holmes,
"Only because I feel that I'm stuck with you, in one way or the other. I'd hate to be conjoined eternally with a little brat." John snapped, to which a great big grin stretched upon Sherlock's face. Well of course John couldn't argue with that, Sherlock's laughter was contagious, and as soon as he began to chuckle John found himself laughing as well. He was happy to see that this was a laughing matter for them both, and that they could treat it as such.
"Well that's pretty neat." Was all John could manage, scrolling down now to an address printed in blue font down at the bottom. "Paris? He lives in Paris?"
"Evidently. Are you still out?" Mary asked.
"I know. It was just wishful thinking, that's all." Sherlock admitted quietly. "No one's this cruel."
"Well I don't know if the previous owner had anticipated us coming back to investigate." John admitted. "There wouldn't be a box here labeled
"John, check this out!" Sherlock said excitedly, walking in a great stride and placing a laptop on John's desk, right on top of the papers he had set himself to grading. John smiled at him, wishing that he had been offered something more of an introduction. However he focused now on the laptop, deciding that if Sherlock deemed it unnecessary to exchange introductions than it was best not to argue.
"This must've ben your desk, then." John decided without even thinking of what sort of insult that would've been. Then again, Sherlock seemed to have come to that same conclusion, for he was quiet for a moment, dumping some of the old coins onto the desk and sighing.
"Embarrassing." Sherlock muttered. "Well surely that's a word for you, and funny is the word that I might choose."
"You're just going to expect me to wait here, then?" John asked with something of a growl. Sherlock turned over now, just enough so that he could look at John so as to gauge his expression. John didn't know how many expressions could go with that sentence, considering its connation seemed pretty straight forward. All the same, just as soon as Sherlock saw the seriousness in John's face he fell back down upon his pillow with a look of annoyance.
"Mm." Sherlock muttered, rearranging himself on the couch so that his arm draped down to the floor, so long that almost his full forearm could press against the carpet without strain. John watched him quietly, trying to understand what sort of game he was playing here. "I'm sure she must be the love of your life."
"Just as you said, I have the strong inclination to say no." Sherlock repeated, forcing a sad little smile before turning his head away. "I don't know what our lives were like after that house, if we ever made it out alive that is. But I can guess that place wasn't made for people who had the capability of families. I don't think it was made for...well I guess people like you."
Sherlock shuttered, his voice stalling now just before the signature. "Signed John Watson." He finished finally. John fell back upon the bed with a groan of agony, scratching about his cheeks as if that might keep them from blushing up in his shame.
"Yes alright. Thanks Mary." John said with a little smile. "I'll see you later."
"Ya, love you too." John agreed, and with that he ended the call, just to ensure she didn't have any other odd requests for him.
"Staying home from school makes me sound like a first grader, not a professor. That's what my mother would say to me when I was running a fever." John taunted.
"What do you mean by that?" Sherlock wondered with a bit of a sour taste in his mouth. The word love, well it had not been spoken on this ship since their parents had died.
"That really doesn't make you special." Sherlock reminded him, wiggling his little noodle arms so as to demonstrate his own weakness before reaching up and grabbing the string effortlessly. When he pulled the ceiling flap fell right down, in a violent flop of wood that might have decapitated one of them, had they not ducked for cover. A ladder folded down just as rapidly, smacking to the floor with deadly accuracy, where John had been standing not a moment before. Thankfully the two men had huddled against the wall together, and even in their delirium John could've sworn he heard Sherlock give a little yelp of fear.
"He's upstairs doing homework right now, could you possibly come back another time?" she suggested, not looking as though she was offering much of a choice in the matter.
"Excuses, excuses. You were fantasizing; I saw it in your eyes." Greg teased. John sighed heavily, shaking his head but deciding that it was probably in his own best interest that he stopped arguing all together. There was no point in fighting Greg, especially after Greg had made up his mind. He would see all too soon, why this picture was such an enigma. And so John ignored Greg for the time being, and instead stuck his head out to watch the passerby. He knew that Sherlock would be among them, as he had been before. They both had twelve fifteen classes in this very building, yet those classes could wait. Those classes were not nearly as important as the house they were both now trying to figure out. Finally John saw Sherlock's face in the crowd, the face that seemed to draw his gaze like a magnet. John was quite sure that he could never miss that man, and once their eyes were locked he was sure that he could never look away. What an odd attachment the two of them had, without knowing each other at all! What an odd sort of destiny they seemed to share. John waved him down, for of course just as John could always spot Sherlock, Sherlock undoubtedly could always spot John. And the boy nodded, making his way through the crowd of people a lot more peacefully than he had during his first trip to John's office.
"Dead, then." John muttered, nodding his head for a moment before pursing his lips in defeat.
"Do you know any names?" John wondered quietly, starting down towards where Sherlock was sitting and standing a bit awkwardly above him.
"Yup. That time already." John agreed, heaving himself out of the desk with what little strength he had left in his legs. He really was getting tired, and the day hadn't even begun yet! The two professors said they goodbyes and went their separate ways. Greg had to go teach his criminal classes, whereas John was overseeing a lab downstairs. It was tedious, tiring work, and for the whole of it John was staring at the door, almost as if he expecting someone to walk through it. He knew that he was in no position to draw Sherlock to him, for of course the boy was going to be expecting an apology, rather than preparing to deliver one. John understood that he was in no position to be offered any sympathy, he knew that his argument was unprovoked and just plain unacceptable. And yet John wasn't sure just how permanent the damage was, he didn't know if there was ever a chance to come back from such disgrace. And so while he didn't expect Sherlock to come to him, well certainly John didn't have it within him to track the boy down instead! The poor thing, now assuming that he was alone in the world, with this secret that may never be solved. For John knew that there was no unlocking the past of this house without all of the keys, and those keys were hidden deep inside of them both. They needed their full power, together and determined, to figure out the mysteries that were plaguing them. Alone would not be enough. And so John waited a day, with nothing but the sound of footsteps in the hall, that stampede which may or may not have contained Sherlock Holmes. His door remained open, yet no one walked into the office. Day two rolled along, and it was quite the same. Day two brought nothing but a headache...a headache with a nasty vision entangled in it. Perhaps John was offering himself some sort of replacement for Sherlock, that or this vision had been sent from the house for some sort of motivation. He had to wonder if Sherlock had seen it as well, that very dimly lit scene, in which limbs and people were unidentifiable. That entanglement, sat up upon what looked like a green table, just a snippet of love in which there were lips upon a neck, and then eyes raised to face the intruder. John couldn't make out the face for sure, yet he knew who it was. He knew who it could
"Well then you're just too nice on them." Greg decided with a shrug.
"Ha, and listen to Rosie hollering? I can't hear myself think, much less read any of these horrific research papers." John teased. Mary sighed heavily, not looking overly pleased at John's inconvenience.
"Ya, I do now. I just got the deed a couple of days ago, God. It feels like ages but...ever since then I've felt crazy." John admitted quietly.
"No, we never had a house, especially not in England!" John insisted.
"What am I looking at?" John wondered a bit apprehensively, straining his eyes to see what he assumed was some sort of art blog. It had no actual paintings on it, merely aesthetic pictures of paint brushes with an artist's bio at the top.
John woke with something of a jump, nearly falling out of his chair as he was flung into the real world so abruptly. He looked about to see if anything had roused him, yet he saw that the house was just as quiet as he had left it. Sherlock was asleep on the couch, now curled in a tight little ball with his hands pulling his knees close to his chest. Nothing stirred, and so John had to wonder why he had woken with such a start. Perhaps it was just because his dream was concluded; perhaps it was because that was the end of the narrative and therefore the end of his use of sleep. Oh just when he thought he had solved one mystery, here came another one to baffle him. The idea that their past lives were so starkly different than their lives before, in which Sherlock was some sort of prostitute, living here in the house at the expense of a certain Mr. Trevor. Yet who was Mr. Trevor, if he even lived here at all? Was there another person to add into their adventures, someone who had been dragged back into existence on the command of the house, and plunged into the twenty first century with the rest of them? No, John didn't want to think of it like that. He didn't want to consider that dream as reality, for what on earth did it say about Sherlock, and about John as well? There was hardly any distinction of either them to their current self, especially not Sherlock. That sweet, innocent boy who now curled over the couch, well the idea that he might have served some unholy purpose all those years ago. To think that he might've sold his body to another man, just for a place to stay? Surely the dream was far from true; surely it was just John's imagination acting up again. No, just because Sherlock was feminine in nature doesn't mean that he's gay...certainly their appearances and names have passed over throughout the years, yet not every part of their soul has remained constant. No, surely not. John couldn't allow himself to believe such things as his mind wanted to display them. Maybe that was because he wanted to think a little bit better of Sherlock, and his morality. Or maybe John was just concerned with the dream...and the way the ending had made him feel. Perhaps he didn't like the idea of his dream self getting so worked up over a simple offer, and so tempted with how that offer might correspond to real life. And this dream, well did it have any similarities to the dream he had before all of this started? The one which had first shown Sherlock's face, in which a man had whispered sharply in his ear that it was quite alright to go into the room, and to observe Sherlock in such a state? These dreams, that photograph...John didn't like the way they were painting the occupants of this house. He certainly didn't like the messages they were trying to portray...the messages that might mean they were all living some sort of homosexual way of life. John sighed, turning over in his chair and noticing now that his headache had passed. It was as if such little sleep within this house had cured him of whatever aliments being away from it had inflicted. John felt well rested for the first time in what felt like ages. And that alone made him considerably reluctant to check his watch.
"You're coming! Come on, coward." John insisted, watching with a look of disappointment as Sherlock finally began down to the first step. His only flashlight was on his phone, and there was a very obvious look of terror upon his pretty face.
"Aha!" he exclaimed, sounding completely unfazed by the moment they had just shared, presumably because he had not realized enough to label it as such.
"Not something I would dream of doing." Sherlock agreed with a little shutter. John nodded, yet he could only guess that it had something to do with his own dream as well. Undoubtedly something which corresponded to Sherlock's little occupation. "You said you had a dream as well?"
"You're not going to take me along?" she muttered quietly. John blinked, looking towards his wife as if she had just sprouted another head.
"Oh yes, it's a short distance away from town. Wonderful for a morning commute." Mrs. Hudson, from the Town Hall, agreed quickly. She was a gentle old woman, getting up there in years yet discreetly enough that no one could really guess her age. If John had to guess, he'd suppose somewhere around sixty, however the woman kept herself in such a pleasant state that it was all just speculation. She was the secretary behind the desk at the Town Hall, and just as soon as John had come asking about the deed she had insisted that she be the one to take he and his wife for their first impression of the house. Of course, John hadn't asked for a personal escort, though as soon as the woman heard that John was interested in the house, she seemed positively overjoyed to go see it up close. She was the one with the key, after all, and she claimed that she passed the driveway every day on her way to work, and always wanted to see what waited at the end. She claimed that there were lures surrounding the house, old fairy tales the children had made up to go along with the ominous building which sat alone in the woods. She never clarified as to what these stories entailed, though John could only assume the house would come along with a handful of ghost stories due to its ancient history. Though the existence of these stories John allowed himself to hope as to what sort of structure they were dealing with, for while there was a chance it was a nasty old shed, ghost stories always alluded to something more massive. Possibly John had inherited something more impressive than he realized?
"Ancestors share names." He whispered.
"I know, I'm sorry. Like I said I'm just...I'm preoccupied." John admitted finally, and with that he ascended the stairs to his bedroom, hoping to leave the conversation of the house behind him.
"Aspiring to be, yes." Sherlock agreed.
John! You've got a picture of a student?" Greg exclaimed, his face growing pale but his smile widening all the same. Certainly he was ashamed of John's scandalous behaviors, but all the same he may just be proud of himself for guessing that marriage was such a trap. Oh how he wanted to say "I told you so" after John kept insisting that he was content with his marriage.
"Well you haven't got any freedom now, whether you like it or not. This house is your child, and your parent. It's your shackle to this town, to this place." John warned, with a touch of offense in his voice. He really didn't like getting criticized for taking the path most traveled. He didn't want to listen to Sherlock telling him that there was any other way to go, even if he did have a point in his words. John didn't want to hear someone else taking Greg's side, and mocking him for settling down.
"Well of course we have to go to Paris." He said a bit quietly. "How else are we to be sure that it's him?"
"John, I'm not saying that everyone was
"Ah, there you are dear." Mary said with a smile, walking over to her husband and giving him a little kiss of hello. John felt a little bit embarrassed, for he really didn't like is wife fussing over him in front of guests, yet being as though his guest was Sherlock really made it all the more annoying. Mary was all dressed up, evidently having put herself together last minute so as to appease the guest. She tied her long blonde hair up into a braid, and was wearing a sensible purple blouse.
Victor Trevor
"Are you complaining? I feel like you're complaining. Got a nice big house to your name now, and you're whining that it doesn't make any sense. Why don't you just go with it?" Greg suggested insistently, glaring at John as it to forcefully make him enjoy the special little surprises life had in store for them.
"I told you, I'm done." Sherlock growled, trying to pry himself away all the while John stopped dead in his tracks, ensuring that Sherlock couldn't take another step away from his office. Surely the boy had to realize that he had been beaten? The rest of the crowd all moved past, muttering little complaints yet never anything vulgar enough to offend one of their professors. Most graduate students had a least an inkling of respect, which was demonstrated of course by their decency to go around.
"Do you remember ever taking a picture like this?" John asked, forgetting in his urgency that he had just asked quite the personal question. Sherlock went a little bit red, staring at the picture and shaking his head a bit apprehensively.
"Well maybe your ancestor had the same freckle." John proposed apprehensively.
"Convenient." Sherlock commented quietly. There was some apprehension in Sherlock's voice, almost as if he was worried that John had intentions of this night, intentions that were not shared. Well of course that would be of the romantic nature, considering they had only just discovered their interesting history earlier this afternoon. Sherlock might be worried that John intended on using that to his own advantage, perhaps he was apprehensive that this evening might turn into something more awkward for the both of them. And yet he could rest assured, John didn't intend to try anything tonight. He was getting just as weary as Sherlock; the day's adventures were starting to weigh heavily on him, and his eyelids were falling with every spark that he attempted to strike over top of the logs.
"No it's not. How many other keys have you seen, that are made of this thick iron?" Sherlock challenged.
"Well then...my middle name. Hamish? I think that was my grandfather. I think he...well I think he lived to see the earth." John decided, finally sitting down heavily against the same wall that Sherlock had perched on. Sherlock recoiled, not entirely sure why he had to insist on sitting so close. There was something entirely foreign about being touched, something almost threatening about the way John's shoulder brushed upon his own.
"Lovely house you've got here." Sherlock said with a little grin. John just nodded, although he could only hope that Sherlock was thinking the same thing as him; that he's got a much better house someplace else.
"That doesn't help though, does it? I can't imagine how many Mr. Trevor's there are out there in the world." John pointed out with a little frown.
"That's called narcissism, Sherlock, nothing extraordinary there." John warned with a little chuckle.
"If you're so determined to classify your dreams as reality, then be my guest. But I really don't think that I had been, or ever will be, a used car salesman." John snapped. Oh even as he forced those words out he had to cringe, for he hated to keep things from Sherlock. This man was someone he was supposed to share everything with. This was someone, the only one in the world, who knew what sort of struggles John was dealing with. Then again, John knew in his heart that those dreams meant something. How else could he have dreamt of that picture, before he ever saw it? How else could he have dreamt of Sherlock, before he realized that he was a real person?
"No, keep it open. I'm expecting someone." John insisted, instinctively flattening the picture frame against his desk and trying his best to look perfectly innocent. Greg's eyebrows raised in interest, and he moved over now to one of the chairs John had arranged in front of his desk.
"Hey, stop! Stop!" John called out, breaking into a jog to fight his way up to the man. Oh he was certain, it wasn't just a hunch...he had seen that face only for a fraction of a second before, yet it was so imprinted into his mind that he knew he couldn't be mistaken. It was him; this man that was walking through the crowds of his college...this was the ghost that had been haunting him for so long. John grabbed the stranger by the back of his coat collar, yanking him with some aggressiveness back into the wall, away from the mob of students who were trying to pass through despite the obvious struggle. The man gave a yelp of protest, gagging for a moment on his collar as it was forced up against his neck. And yet John wasn't worried about his wellbeing, for the moment he was much too preoccupied with figuring out who he was, and why on earth he was tormenting John in his new house. And so John pulled him all the way to his office, dragging him by the collar like one might do with a misbehaving child, and dragging the student through the twelve o'clock rush without a second thought to the man's dignity. John didn't care that his classmates saw him as he was being humiliated; this was ultimately what he deserved. If he was going to loiter around that house, just to scare John and imprint his face into his head, well then yes! He deserved to be publically shamed. It was no matter to John if the boy he was tugging behind him got stepped on, or laughed at. God, for a moment John had thought himself to be crazy! Little did he know he wasn't actually crazy, little did he know he was just the victim of a prank that had gone too far, into the realms of trespassing, and hide and go seek. John hauled the student into his classroom with a last final yank, sending the boy stumbling into the filing cabinets with a submissive little yelp. John bided his time then, by closing the door and putting on his sternest expression.
"Why do you say that?" John wondered, just now picking up his eyes in curiosity.
"Well that's not even an argument that we have to have, is it Sherlock?" John asked with something of a little wince. "That's a question that's already been answered!"
be, Sherlock Holmes, performing the very acts that John had accused him of the other night. Defiling himself for the sake of a couple of coins, allowing those men his company for his own desperate sake. The vision made John shiver, he didn't like what he saw, and furthermore he didn't like that the vision seemed to see him back. It seemed to be accusing him of something almost as if it knew it was stuck in his head, almost as if it was angry that he simply couldn't disregard it. Maybe he was going crazy, yes? But that image stuck in his head, stuck like glue...so that every passing moment he couldn't think of anything but what he had been presented with in that dim, blurred vision. A man, two men, entangled to become one. Combined, connected, one of them being Sherlock Holmes. And the other...well John could only guess to who the other one was. He could guess all day, for it might be anyone alive or dead, and yet he liked one more likely possibility. He liked the idea that it might have been someone only too recognizable, someone he saw every day when he looked in the mirror. It would make sense, wouldn't it? If they had been reincarnated for the purpose of the house, well of course there must have been something between them. Sherlock spoke of a mystery lover, yet perhaps he decided to keep away the more familiar details for the sake of John's marriage and modesty. It would be rather frightening to admit to a Professor that you were having very vivid dreams about them. So maybe Sherlock was covering it all up. John tried to tell himself that this thought process was entirely for the sake of wrapping his head around the matter. He tried to tell himself that he had no personal agenda when he tried to rationalize himself into the romantic plot of it all. It only made sense to his conscience when he decided that this wishful thinking was all in the name of science. The third day came, and still there was no word from his counterpart. John knew that it might just be best to leave it all alone; maybe he should just keep that house and visit enough to keep it satisfied. Yet he knew that was a terrible plan of attack, not just irrational but impossible as well. It seemed to him that they were both just waiting, they both knew that it would impossible to deny their connection; they knew it would be impossible just to walk away from each other because of a silly argument. John waited in vain for long enough, finally he decided that this temporary silence just had to end. They were not getting anywhere with silence, they were only kidding themselves if they thought such a grudge could last long. As if Sherlock actually believed the house would tolerate such a thing? Oh, it was difficult for John to admit it, but he did miss the boy. He missed his voice, his smile. He missed his little laugh, or that look of illumination when they pieced something else together. It was growing too long, this eternal silence. And it was time to end it once and for all.
Wednesday morning came in something of a hassle, considering John had to wake up much earlier than he would've for any other weekday. Sherlock had managed to book the earliest flight he could find, and so it was at four o'clock that John had to roll out of bed and silence his vibrating phone.
"It wasn't even ten minutes." Sherlock pointed out.
"Now stop it, stop it now just
"Had I not told you before? I'm to take Sherlock along, he's got an interest with one of the professors from Harvard, and wanted to talk to him about..."
"Professor?" asked that familiar voice, that deep baritone which was the only voice that would bring his body and soul back together. No need to be in the house when he was with Sherlock, no need to avoid the present when the present was preferable to the past.
"Not likely." John muttered. Sherlock gave another long sigh, as if he was simply too sleepy to have this conversation.
"Two others?" Sherlock clarified, looking at John a bit eagerly. Already they knew that one of the names was very likely familiar.
John didn't want to let the house win, but he knew that he had no choice when the screaming continued into its second day. Nothing helped relieve the pain that it caused, no amount of Advil or alcohol lessened the effect, it was merely a constant scream, a constant cry for attention, and for company. It was agonizing in all levels, both physical and emotional, because John had to wonder which voice it was using. He had to wonder, if they really had all been absorbed into that woodwork, which one of them was screaming. Perhaps it was both of them, or perhaps it was the whole lot who had ever lived there, all having donated their voices, all having donated their pain. As soon as the screaming started, John knew for sure that it would not subside until the house got what it wanted, until he unearthed that key from his junk drawer and went back to walks its halls once more. Thankfully John hadn't been dramatic, and thrown the key in a lake somewhere. Then they could never get back in, and the screaming would keep on going until they died. John brought the key to work with him, that terrible Monday morning. He felt the screaming in all of his bones, he felt it vibrating like an iron mallet, inside of his skull. His plan was to open up the house after his classes had finished, however it wasn't even before he got into his office before he was attacked by a wild, crazed looking Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock had been leaning against the wall of the hallway, with a bottle of ibuprofen in one hand and a large purple thermos in the other. The man was a wreck, and really that was saying something considering just how beautiful he normally looked. Today there still was that presence of beauty, yet it was masked by a look of sleep deprivation and misery, as if Sherlock had to drink so much coffee just to get himself out of bed. Just as soon as Sherlock could hear John's footsteps he looked up with a sigh of relief, standing back on his feet and looking desperately at the man as he approached.
"No." Sherlock said quietly, phrasing his words very carefully, as if he was afraid to say something wrong, as if he was afraid to trigger any more of John's little breakdowns. He took another deep breath, rattling the air between his lips yet pausing, thoughtfully. "No I don't. But I do think there's something going on, something I can't entirely explain." John blinked hopefully, nodding his head in relief. And so finally, someone understood! Someone felt it to, someone acknowledged that the house, the key, they were both driving forces to insanity!
John found, to his surprise, that he didn't have to make his excuses to anyone. None of his superiors seemed to notice his absence, and so there was no retaliation on that end of the spectrum. His office was quiet, and when he unlocked it he found that everything was left in order, just the way he liked it. Yet it pained him, to some extent, to leave the door open and know that he was unlikely to get a visit. He knew that it was unlikely that Sherlock would stop by, for all the while the boy seemed like a forgiving person he still seemed like someone who would know when they were properly wronged. And John knew that to, he knew when his words had cut too deep. He knew when he had crossed the line. The first visitor was Greg Lestrade, and of course he seemed just as disappointed as he was entitled to be. Certainly he had been missing his friend the day before, and since John hadn't made any excuses to anyone, he had evidently been left wondering what he had done to deserve such treatment.
"You know, I really am hoping this attitude of yours is just because you're tired." John snapped. Sherlock gave a little chuckle, this time rolling over so that he could keep his gaze focused on John without much effort.
"She's my wife, not my burden." John defended with something of a snap, already holding the phone to his ear. It was a very shot conversation once Mary picked up, for in the background he could hear those telltale shrieks of Rosie. Oh he was very glad that the yelling would stop just as soon as he hung up the phone. Mary didn't seem too thrilled about the idea, yet all the while she didn't offer up much of a debate anyway. Her voice was quick and stern, as if with every word of agreement she was cursing her idiot husband, telling him no with her tone yet agreeing in words all the same. Well tonight John was just going to ignore her underlying meaning, and pretend that he couldn't read between the lines. Tonight he wanted to just stay here, to relax and not worry about his family for a little while longer. For as Sherlock said before, they've got a destiny here, and nowhere else. In some ways this house was all that mattered, Mary and Rosie were simply two side characters in this elaborate story, this story which encompassed so much more than a happy suburban family. When John hung up the phone he didn't say anything, he merely went to the fireplace to find that there was a nice stack of firewood stacked up around the corner. He wasn't entirely sure how long it had been there, if not only for a few minutes. Perhaps the house had summoned the fuel he had asked for, in an attempt to keep him inside the walls for the night. Well whatever this house's plan, if there even was a conspiracy at all, it was certainly working.
"Oh stop that, it's not my picture." John growled, snatching the frame out of Greg's hands before he could study it too carefully.
"First of all, you're lying. Second of all, all mad people are intelligent. You're not a very good crazy person if you're stupid." John pointed out.
"Sherlock, you don't think you could reach that, do you?" John muttered with a little frown. Sherlock's smile turned into a teasing little grin, for obviously he thought it was rather adorable that John needed his help.
"Well at least it's not far." Mary commented as she looked out the window from the backseat, watching as the trees went by in blurs as they sped through the desolate English countryside. It was the early winter, in which the air was crisp and all the trees were left barren from having lost their leaves in the autumn, blowing about in the wind with their naked bark providing a dull gray compliment to the cloudy sky looming ahead.
"Who's that?" she asked, with some curiosity and some interrogation. John sighed heavily, tucking the drawing away from Mary's eyes and shrugging his shoulders.
They told Sherlock that as soon as he got his results back he had to tell everyone he'd ever had romantic contact with. That's what they had told Victor, of course, and so Sherlock had taken the proper precautions and gotten tested himself. And yet it had been something of an odd dream, a feeling of immortality that had come over him even as he heard the results getting read back to him in a very monotonous voice by an unsympathetic doctor. It was rather hard to think of himself as a dead man walking, a person grunting against the hatred from the outside world and now on the inside? How could he have been positive, how could something so horrible happen to him? If being gay wasn't bloody impossible before it sure was now, not only did everyone hate you but it seemed that God did as well...why else would he send down a disease that only killed homosexuals? They were being wiped out in droves, oh well Victor's death could certainly be tolerable, Sherlock could handle that and so could the rest of the world. Even dying himself didn't seem all too horrible of a fate, yes it was rather difficult to comprehend the fact that he was going to end up in his own grave sooner or later, however it was comforting, in a way, to know that somehow he wouldn't have to live to the full extent of his life. Everyone had deadlines hanging over their heads, and yet for healthy people death seemed awfully far away, it seemed almost irrelevant. And yet Sherlock didn't even feel sick! He felt healthy, but he knew that no matter what he did, the end was veering closer every day. He wasn't privileged enough to have any guarantees, like the people that milled around him and acted as if they were somehow his superior. Those who dared to scowl down at him, jeer at him, bully him, well it almost wasn't fair! Why did the tortured have to suffer even more, while the legitimate villains got to sit back and watch him die? Why did Sherlock get a death sentence for loving, while the bullies got to live out their lives simply because they hated? Maybe they were right; maybe they had finally gotten the right player on their side, God himself. Maybe he had decided to eradicate the homosexuals because they were mistakes, mutations? Maybe Sherlock was God's mistake. And yet that would make Victor a mistake (which really wasn't that hard to believe) and that would make John a mistake. And Sherlock could never be convinced that John was anything less than perfect, there wasn't a chance that boy had one flawed gene in his entire body, he was molded from perfection, he was the epitome of the ideal human being! And yet...he might have a death sentence on his head as well. Sherlock himself might have dragged him to the gallows along with him. So he was headed there now, in his lumpy old car, having left his mother at the hospital to find her own way home. He was too ashamed to even look her in the eye after all, for his romantic partners had always been kept more or less a secret. Of course she knew of Victor, everyone kind of did. Everyone knew of his orientation, and that was part of the reason he was tortures so heavily. She knew of Sherlock's interaction with him, he knew that he was hanging about him more often than most, and yet she had never had the firm confirmation that anything was happening. Little did she know that her own child was being manipulated by those electric blue eyes, and wooed by the words whispered in the deepest, most seductive of voices. It wasn't Sherlock's fault, that was what he told himself, and yet the first time may be true. Maybe he had just been caught up in the moment of it all, the opportunity so blissfully presented right at the time where he had been suspecting he might have wanted to... And yet the second time was very much his fault. And the third...well they could probably share the blame there. Oh what a sentencing that had been, if he had only known that loving Victor would bring upon his own demise then he would've stopped, he wouldn't have even begun? And who knows where Victor contracted it from, in all honesty he might have been the first, for it was no doubt that God would hate him the most of all the homosexuals. Everyone did, really. Everyone hated him. He told Sherlock to get tested over a phone call; he hadn't even bothered to show up in person, he hadn't even tried to be courteous about it. Sherlock had to sit in his room for
"A freckle." John whispered, forgetting all of his hesitations and stepping in closer, to observe. It was exactly where the photograph had promised it would be, there underneath his shoulder blade, so hidden that only Sherlock (and anyone who was making a close examination of his skin) would notice. John took a deep breath, feeling his hand beginning to rise towards the man, feeling his fingers begin to stretch out eagerly...
"Wonderful, thank you." Sherlock said excitedly, getting to his feet and collecting the papers from Mrs. Hudson. John followed, however he was trailing behind so as to swallow that dry cookie and wipe the crumbs from his lips.
"I um...well I don't know." John mumbled. "Do you want to sit down?" he offered quickly.
"Yet with a man? Surely Watson you understand the issue in such a passion." Holmes snapped with a wince, as if it physically pained him to talk of such things with me. As if his past history was rooted much deeper in his present than he would prefer.
"You could catch up on grading here." Mary insisted.
"Do you really think so?" John asked apprehensively, for he hadn't told Mary of his abandoning the house. In fact, Mary knew nothing of the house except that John now owned it. She didn't know about Sherlock, or the photograph (which still sat in John's school bag, for he couldn't bear to part with it just yet), or even the idea of immortality. Life continued on in the same way as it always had, for Mary at least. And so how she could know that John was suffering from the mental strain of having left the house behind, well he could only guess.
"I don't want to die. I don't want you to die." John insisted. Sherlock was quiet for a moment, for he couldn't make any promises there. John's life may not be over yet, and yet Sherlock's was coming to a close, it was only a matter of time. He didn't want to bring that up, so not to scare John just yet.
"That's...it was hot." John said stupidly, waving his fingers through the air as if to cool them down, yet all the same he felt no lasting effects at all. In fact, he felt no pain whatsoever, nothing like what would usually come with the aftermath of a burn.
"Mary will figure it out in the end." John said confidently, without really thinking about what he was saying. For of course Sherlock wouldn't know who Mary was.
"Well, just as most history, this isn't going to change no matter how much we ignore it. It's our job now, to stay on task. We've come to find the mystery man, and now we've been offered a Mr. Trevor." Sherlock pointed out.
"You don't think he's in America too?" Sherlock wondered with a hint of excitement in his voice. John groaned, shaking his head without much enthusiasm.
"Stalking him then, have you?" John presumed.
"Yes, but thankfully I can avoid it. You have a nice day, Mary." John said with a little smile, kissing his wife and child goodbye as sweetly as he could manage before grabbing his car keys and heading out. Sherlock didn't have a car, yet just as arranged he was at the proper meeting place. Since he lived in an apartment near campus, the staff parking lot was the perfect place to go and get him. It was empty as of now, and so there were no witnesses as John pulled his car up to the curb. Sherlock was sitting on the bench, draped in that long trench coat once more, and looking quite chilled. Just as soon as he clambered into the car he held his bare hands up to the heaters, sighing in relief and wriggling deeper into the folds of his jacket.
"Ya, he'll come." John agreed.
"I don't know." John admitted. "He's awfully red."
"No I haven't." I said quietly. "Why did Milverton have these...how could he have possibly known?"
"And you want to find him then? Find him today?" John presumed with a little accusing raise of his eyebrow.
"You're not staying?" John asked with a doubtful chuckle.
"Ah, Professor Watson," Greg said in his most nauseatingly formal voice, folding his hands politely on the table in front of him and sitting up as straight as he could manage. "What is it that I can do for you today?" John just scowled, holding the deed a bit gentler between his two fingers and giving his friend a little glare.
"Nothing, I told you it's just spam mail." John pointed out with a shudder.
"I'll be in meetings all day; certainly I can't take you now! Mary, over the summer we'll go somewhere excellent. We'll go to Paris; we'll go to Prague, wherever you want! But not now. Don't make me bring you across the channel just to ignore you the whole time!" John begged, taking one of his wife's hands and squeezing it gently to show his enthusiasm.
"Good night Watson." He said with a nod, obviously having heard nothing of what I had said and instead trying to dismiss me. Yet curiosity was a dangerous thing, and even though my friend and a meddler were about the same as a landmine and a wandering boot, well still I had to ask!
"I don't know." Sherlock admitted, to which John felt his shoulders shrug in disappointment. "But it was much too racy for me, I mean it was...when I say with a man I quite literally mean
"No, they will." John insisted quietly, and yet that really didn't matter. They'd find out anyway, anyone could make the connection between a surprisingly feminine boy showing up to talk to their son and then the son's sudden need for an HIV test.
"Yes, well..." John hesitated, smiling a bit apologetically. "I dreamt that I was a used car salesman." He lied quickly, for he didn't want to admit to having had a dream that corresponded with Sherlock's. The man would pry, he knew that for sure, and just as soon as John admitted the truth, that he had dreamed that Sherlock would have taken such a profession, and that he would invited John to join him in his bed...well certainly there would be an impossible gap between them! Yet all the same, now John had to wonder what Sherlock's dream had been about. Was it about John?
"One Hamish to leave a planet, and the other to see a new one." Sherlock proposed at last, trying his very hardest to think positively. It was a rather strenuous affair, and after a single optimistic thought he had to sit back and stare more out the window at the wasteland, trying to remind himself that there was no room in his brain for cheer, or for hope.
"I saw something that didn't seem quite right." Sherlock admitted.
"That would make sense." Sherlock agreed, knowing obviously that it was his time to leave.
"Why not?" John asked immediately. Sherlock sighed, bringing his eyes to meet John's for the first time since that letter had been discovered. And John wanted to look away, he wanted so badly, with every muscle in his whole body, to just escape from this gaze! From that gaze like a magnet, making him want to lean closer and closer...yet he was unable to! He had to stare; he had to wait for that response.
"It would be one thing if I was born and raised here, but I'm American. I only came here to work at the college; I mean who knows how far away Victor could be? And if he hadn't been pulled here yet, perhaps he'll never be. Perhaps it's up to us." John pointed out.
"Out of service? No, it's working fine that's preposterous." John muttered apprehensively.
"Yet I may read it?" I clarified, unsure if Holmes was giving me a warning or a threat. Quietly he bowed his head, and I took that as my guarantee. Certainly the document troubled me, yet the mere promise of an emotional time in my companion's life was surely enough to spark my interest. Still I could not imagine him having any sort of human feelings, yet he seemed to treat these letters as if they would reveal a softer side of his life, which he had attempted to keep hidden away for all of these years. And so, it was with trembling fingers that I dare read his reply...
John woke before the dream could end, his eyes flew open before that man's robe fell, and the darkness replaced the light of those lamps, back when the house had been alive. John shuttered, feeling that there was a cold sweat accumulating on his brow, yet he couldn't do anything to stop it. He didn't want it to stop, more accurately. He wanted to fall asleep and return to that dream, yet he knew that to be impossible. He knew that he couldn't relive it; he knew that he couldn't be there anymore. Things were different; he knew that for a fact. Things were not as they were, back when he was allowed to step closer. Now the house was playing tricks on him, and making him step back instead.
"Mr. Holmes, do you think I'm crazy?" John asked with a trembling little voice, his hands shaking now as he shoved them in his pocket, trembling a little bit at the man who stood before him. And yet he didn't feel ashamed, he knew that while he had just met this boy in the hall, just minutes before...well there was no point in hiding anything from him. In fact, it was impossible to hide anything from him. Because their secrets felt mutual, their pasts seemed intertwined and their futures seemed...destined.
"I would, I really would. It's mine, isn't it? Does it go along with this ring, hm? Is it from my lover?" Sherlock asked anxiously, just now making a lunge. Thankfully John was quicker than that, and he scampered away from Sherlock's long limbs and avoided him once more. That very question sickened John to the core, yet he shook his head once again.
"Paris, I guess." John grumbled.
"PRIMARY SCHOOL!" Mary corrected in a roar, turning around and giving John's suitcase one last kick of rage. "Go have fun in Paris, you neglecting b*stard!" and with that she ran up the stairs, her bare feet padding along the wood all the way up to Rosie's room, so as to silence her constant crying. John sighed heavily, yet decided that he would rather give Mary the last word than defend a story he was making up along the way. Surely he couldn't purse the subject, especially not when he was already on thin ice. It wouldn't be long until Mary put two and two together, it wouldn't be long until she noticed that look in John's eyes, the look of distaste, hidden now behind a very thin veil of appreciation he was able to salvage from the very bottom of his heart. It was difficult now, to look at her with a smile. And so he dumped the rest of his cereal into the trash and hoisted his suitcase back onto its wheels, double checking that he had packed everything before grabbing his coat and staring a bit mournfully up the stairs. He wanted to say goodbye to Rosie, for the child hadn't yet done anything to wrong him. Yet in the end he decided that she wouldn't know the difference either way, and considering Mary was undoubtedly holding her it wasn't worth the proximity. And so John yelled out his final farewell, loading up his car and starting over in the direction of Sherlock's apartment, or rather where it was supposed to be. Thankfully Sherlock had the forewarning to have left a nice big suitcase on the front porch, for that was the only clue that he lived there, apart from the giant pride flag that was waving in the front window. The house was a little bit run down, as were most apartments around here. The paint was peeling, the roof could use a couple more shingles, and the mailbox was hanging at such an angle that the mail very well fall out as soon as the wind blew the door open. John pulled the car to a stop, turning off the engine and getting out of the car just in time for the front door to open. Sherlock came stumbling out, pulling on his coat and looking quite exasperated. The sun had yet to rise, yet the porch was illuminated with a couple of weak lightbulbs, making the entire house glow orange against the dark, starry dawn.
"Ya, nothing of importance down here." he agreed with a sigh. And so together they lifted up the boxes of china, as carefully as they could considering its age and worth. They set the boxes in the kitchen, to be arranged when they had more time on their hands, and decided then to head upstairs and look for the attic. Surely it would be a more watertight place to keep their prized possessions, or rather a good spot to hide old family heirlooms. John knew that they would have more luck in the attic, that is if they were ever able to find it. And so they set up the stairs, knowing of course that the door would be on the top floor if it was hidden anywhere. John felt something of anticipation in his stomach, knowing that whatever they find in this attic may very well determine the course they were set to follow. If they really were here again, whether it be by the will of the house or of God, well then surely they were here for a reason! Was it to fulfil their destinies, or to rewrite their stories, to correct the mistakes they had made before? Was Sherlock destined to fall back into someone's arms, or was he here entirely to prove that he could make his way through life without living off of the pocketbook of a desperate, lonely man?
"Yes, I've got a daughter. Just born last year." John agreed quietly.
"Such things do, undoubtedly, make me more of a monster than might have been previously assumed." Holmes muttered quietly, hearing by my struggling breaths that I might have been done reading. Yet I approached him in a single step, feeling as though my legs might very well give out on me should I continue any farther.
"Sherlock I do give you my sincere apology. I know of course that your past life, whatever it entailed, was very much different than your current one. I can't speak for our pasts, either of them, yet I know that the man I am, and the man you are, may very well be much more respectable." John admitted quietly. Sherlock nodded, seeming just a little bit satisfied, yet his defensive posture did not break. He still looked as though he was expecting something more.
it's more important than your reputation! You could die from this!" Sherlock exclaimed, to which John just shook his head, shaking his head so furiously as if he thought he could just shake the disease right from his body.
"Well, Professor Lestrade, you can very politely act your age." John suggested with a sarcastic sneer. Immediately Greg's posture dropped, and he leaned back in his chair and spun around once, as if to fully satisfy John's request.
"When's your last class?" John asked.
together never did anything along those lines. It was just; well it was just our past selves. Nothing they did means anything." Sherlock insisted. John nodded, for really what was he supposed to do? Hopefully Sherlock couldn't tell that he was housing his own fantasies in his head, hopefully Sherlock was too optimistic in the nature of men to realize that all the while Sherlock defended their past selves John was instead envying them. It wasn't weird because it happened; it was weird because he wanted it to happen again.
"Anything." John agreed. "We were thinking death certificates too?"
"Ya, I suppose we should check around again. See if it's left us any other surprises." John agreed with a sigh. Sherlock nodded, pulling himself heavily to his feet and dragging his feet through the driveway. He clung to the banister, as if his own body weight was becoming too much, and staggered into the house. John sighed, wishing that he had brought his flashlight. It was a cloudy day, with rain in the forecast, and the house was hardly getting any light at all. It was almost pitch dark inside, however Sherlock seemed to think that was some sort of blessing, and he staggered off to the sitting room without a word of farewell. John sighed, lingering at the banister of the staircase and watching as Sherlock shuffled away, too exasperated with that man to even ask what his plans were. John did a simple loop about the house, inspecting everything so as to make sure everything was up to par. In all honesty he didn't know what to expect, he didn't even know what he was looking for. However he understood that the house had the ability to leave him surprises, he knew that if it wanted to play with them more then it would do so willingly, and anxiously. Yet upon inspection John found nothing, nothing had been out of place, and so he started back downstairs into the sitting room. He was surprised to find Sherlock sprawled out on the couch, his trench coat hung over the side and his head smashed against one of the pillows that had been sitting there. His legs were long enough to hang over the edge of the couch, and yet he looked quite settled, as if he was comfortable enough to stay a while.
"Oh really? And this isn't just some...some expedition to find Mr. Prince Charming, hm?" John presumed. Sherlock gave a little chuckle of denial, his cheeks growing a bit red as he shook his head.
"My phone wasn't working? What do you mean by that?" John asked.
"No...no of course not. I would never take a picture like this." He said flatly. John nodded his head a bit awkwardly, for in the end that was sort of a good thing. If Sherlock had admitted to taking a picture like this, such a scandalous thing, well then they might have some more problems than they realized at first.
"Thanks for coming." John muttered a bit uncomfortably, now that Sherlock had made himself comfortable in one of the chairs that sat on the other side of the desk. He looked just about as nervous as John was, as if they were both struggling some with their actions of the other night. They both had regrets, perhaps all the while John was laboring under his own stupidity of yelling, Sherlock was also wishing he had never made some certain confessions. Well hopefully he didn't owe the argument to that confession; hopefully he didn't assume that John was angry at him only for his sexuality?
if I've got this voice in the back of my head, just screaming?" Sherlock whined. There was the largest of frowns on his face as he walked into the office and sank down into John's guest chair. He stretched his legs wide, messaging his temples now with his long fingers, as if he thought that might do something to alleviate the pain.
"You're really not helping." John said flatly. Greg nodded in agreement; looking a bit careless all the while he twiddled his thumbs together, trying to think of another conversation starter.
"Oh you'll move your way up I'm sure. As chair of the department, then who knows, maybe you'll even be president?" Sherlock suggested.
"I hope you don't think I'm a coward." Sherlock said quietly.
"I know, I know, and I'm sorry. But it's not something you can just ignore, it won't go away." Sherlock insisted flatly, taking a step forward to which John took a step back, throwing up a hand to halt any of Sherlock's advances, almost as if he was afraid he might come closer.
"We live in a new world, Sherlock. Surely we know better than to believe what we see?" John insisted.
When the first generation left Earth, there were twenty humans. The spaceship was ill fitted to hold so many survivors, and before long eight had died to disease, and one from suicide. Space was no place to live, no place to raise a family, and hardly a place to survive. Though survive they did, at least long enough to produce the second generation. The first generation was the one to watch the world fall away, the light of the sun fade off into the darkness of space, and the stars to glow much brighter. They did what they must, they reproduced, and gave birth to the first generation of children doomed only to see the inside of a space shuttle. A world of metal, though hardly a world at all. A tube of metal, more accurately, with enough rations to support an army though hardly any space to hold what people they had left. There were six in the second generation, and they lived long enough to watch the first planet come and go. It was an unnamed system, looming throughout the darkness with the illuminance of a very distant star. It was the first light they had seen for a long while, the first natural light. The electricity they were producing on the ship was hardly enough to keep the cabins illuminated, though in the end they had started to prefer the darkness. The lights were harsh, taunting even, as if they had been installed merely to remind the humans of a time they could see without the fluorescents. They painfully reminded the survivors of the sun, or rather those who had ever lived to see it. The children didn't know what light was, and when at last they grew old enough to see this distant sun in the distance of the vacuum, well it was as frightening as anything could be. When the first generation died, the second generation was left with their own children, the small children they had managed to produce. Three children were born before the second bout of disease hit, and three children were all that remained when at last the second generation found themselves unvaccinated and vulnerable to the common human diseases that had been lingering about the usually unneeded medical supplies. They were dead in an instant, gone too quickly to tell their children much about the earth as they remembered their own parents describing it. Gone too quickly to remind their children what it was they were living for, and what hope they needed to maintain in order to continue the human population. They were gone too quickly to remind their children that there was a reason to live, here in this tin can, even though the second generation didn't entirely understand. Gone were the ones who remembered the world, the color green that was not captured in a photograph, or in a smear of paint along the wall. Gone were those who remembered water flowing freely through a stream, not from the cap of a plastic water bottle. Gone were those who remembered the sun, and the shadows, and the night. The stars looked so close from here, though gone were those who remembered the constellations. The third generation was left on their own, mere children by the time they were abandoned. The third generation were the ones born without hope, simply because they couldn't understand what was left for them except the same unfortunate deaths as their parents. As far as breeding pairs went, the probability of a successful repopulation was looking more and more slim. The only woman aboard the ship was Mary, and she wasn't overly excited about doing her duty to the human race. There was not much enthusiasm from either side, as her two companions grew into terribly modest, terribly confused men. Sherlock Holmes grew long and lanky, pale as the white walls and shy as any distant planet. John Watson was equally pale, though grew into a rather broad shouldered, muscular man. He dedicated what little life he had to exercise, as there was nothing better than feeling physical pain, rather than mental. When your body hurt your soul could relax, and suddenly it was that muscular pain that was the bane of your existence, rather than the fact that you're floating so far away from home that it would take another three generations to get back to where they started from. Yet Earth was not there any longer...at least not in an inhabitable state. If Sherlock was ever asked why he could not explain, as the first generation had not been willing to pass down the stories of their mistakes to their children. All he knew was that home was gone, and that they were floating light years away in an attempt to find a place hospitable enough to hold the beginnings of the human race once more. That was if there ever would be a human race any longer. It was dependent on them, was it not? Depending on their willingness, their ability, and their survival. At the moment, all three seemed terribly slim. At the moment Sherlock was left sitting in the dim lights of the cabin, staring out the thick glass window at the everlasting view, the only view he knew and the only thing he didn't want to see. Stars...stars stretching for miles around. They were the only source of light prominent enough to appreciate, though Sherlock was told that they were each supposed to illuminate a system of planets. At the present moment it seemed as though all stars were too far out of their reach to find such a place, and the darkness of the space was so overwhelming that he knew enough to realize he would never see their future home. Sherlock knew ever so well that he would never touch foot on solid ground; he would never feel the pull of naturally created gravity. The only reason his feet could touch the floor was because of the technology flowing through the ship, though he couldn't begin to explain it. In all honesty Sherlock understood that their lives were threatened as soon as something went wrong, as they were not very good with machines nor the comprehension of what it was that was keeping them alive. Sherlock dared not ask where the oxygen was flowing from, or were the gravity was created. He knew that there were precious few things humans needed to survive, and while all of that was being supplied at a ration they would surely not be enough to support the forth, even perhaps the fifth generation. At the present moment their stocks were becoming low, and the occupants on the ship were growing terribly skinny, terribly unhealthy. Sherlock almost felt bad submitting an unsuspecting child to this world, though it wasn't as if he was going to stop it. It wasn't as if he had a choice but to realize that this was their duty, surely. This was John and Mary's duty, together. And Sherlock's duty was to pretend not to notice. It was a terrible thing to listen to, really. The privacy on this ship was limited, and while the door was shut and locked he could still hear what seemed to be audible sounds of pain. He had never been explained the process of child bearing, and the three of them had to learn from a rather grotesque pamphlet they had found in the ship's compartment. Thankfully they had been taught to read, though there were picture aids to help the illiterate along just fine. Sherlock hadn't volunteered for that position, no it sounded positively unnatural. And so here he was, looking out the window once again, trying not to wonder just what was happening, and what was going to happen in the span of nine months. The second time he had to listen to screams of pain was when that nine month span was over, when Mary's stomach turned from abnormally thin to positively bursting, to the point where it was hard to look at her sideways without wincing. She seemed proud to have been able to raise the thing inside of her for so long, and while her rations had been doubled she was beginning to look a little bit threatening. Her face was growing paler, her hair was beginning to shed, and her eyes were becoming blood shot. It was symptoms of a disease that Sherlock could not think to name, though it seemed to be taking ahold of the poor woman before she ever had time to meet her baby, or to name the little thing. She gave her life for the child, using the last of her strength to push it out into the world, and when it appeared with its first screams her own had been silenced. It seemed to have taken the whole of her life force, using her strength to echo off its own wails, as if to mourn his mother before he had even gotten to see her face.
"Hello little Hamish." John said, managing a smile as he prodded at the boy's chin with his finger. The little thing was regaining a more human like composure, as the red seemed to be fading away and his skin was adopting that same pale, sickly color as the rest of them. He was beginning to look normal; oh dare he even look cute! Sherlock smiled as well, just for a moment, as the baby's eyes turned towards his direction. It was a very difficult strain on his muscles, and such a foreign feeling that he was almost shocked when it didn't fade away. He continued to smile...he continued to feel
"I'll see you at three o'clock then. In the meantime, I really must go. And you have to go too, I imagine." Sherlock insisted, checking his watch one last time before shouldering his backpack and turning back towards the hallway, walking swiftly out without saying anything more along the lines of goodbye.
As soon as John woke he saw the ceiling, he smelled the wine, and he knew something was wrong. He sat up sharply to find that it was dark, the curtains were drawn and the lights were off and yet he was still laying in the living room, on the couch, as if no one had bothered to move him yet. There wasn't a pillow under his head, nor a blanket draped over him...he was left to the elements, left to gravity. His neck hurt terribly, and his shirt stunk of old dried alcohol. John would like to say that he had forgotten the events of the night; oh it would be so much preferable if he had woken up in a blackout. And yet he knew that he hadn't been drinking, he knew that he had been attacked. He knew that he had said one too many stupid things, almost as if his mouth was working on its own to get him into trouble. John sighed heavily, sitting up and messaging his neck for a moment, staring now at the blank darkness before him and appreciating the serenity. It wasn't very often that he found himself alone. Not just physically, but in spirit as well. Suddenly he felt completely detached from everything, and everyone. He felt as though he had been let off of a chain that he hadn't even known was bounding him until now. He felt free as a bird...and yet what a horrible feeling it was! For nothing had changed tonight, nothing except Sherlock's final farewell. John had been attached to that boy, that chain that had been fastened to his soul had been hooked to Sherlock's as well, and just now he found himself completely and pathetically alone. For once John missed depending on someone; he missed being joined at the hip. Just as soon as they were getting to know each other, just as soon as they were beginning to accept each other! And John just has to open his mouth, he had to open his mouth and allow all of those dumb and pointless insults to go flying out. The question now was, who was talking? Was it him, or was it the house? Was there some sort of supernatural possession that had fallen over him, in an effort to drive Sherlock away? Well no, of course not. Why would the house want to separate them now that they've come so close? Was that not their destiny, in the end? Oh but if it was, it was ruined now! If they were supposed to go live in that house again, if they were supposed to get married, whatever history decided to relive, well it was over now, wasn't it? Everything they had worked towards, everything they had been brought together to do. It had all flown out the window, simply because John couldn't hold himself back. He couldn't control his anger, nor could he understand just where that anger was coming from. He couldn't decide if he was actually upset with Sherlock, for really there was no purpose to be! There was no use, holding Sherlock accountable for the things he had done before. Even if John was correct in assuming that Sherlock was a prostitute, well what would it matter? Certainly the Sherlock he knew now held himself to a higher level of decency. Or maybe John hadn't been mad; maybe he had just been afraid. Maybe he hadn't been able to handle whatever feelings were rushing through him. It wasn't so easy for him to hear Sherlock's confession and then go straight into describing a theory. John needed more time to digest Sherlock's new sexuality, while it made no differencein their relationship whatsoever, John still felt as though there was a tailoring of memories to do. He felt that he needed to go back and look at what had happened between them, this time putting a sort of filter over it all. He had to reevaluate their time spent together, just now instead of Sherlock Holmes the student he had to look at him now as Sherlock Holmes the homosexual.Was that fair? Well certainly not, that was about as stereotypical and alienating as you can get. And yet John had to take it all in, for he felt almost as if he had been living in a deception this entire time. It made no difference in their future, yet John still had to reconsider their past, and look deeper into what was done, and what was said, to make sense of it all! He didn't want to put one label and one label only on top of his friend's face, yet then again it was certainly a label that defined a good portion of their lives. For they already knew what made them different from all the rest, and those differences may be the deciding factors as to why they had been sent back in the first place. Oh, but was John even allowed to classify them as such? Using the word
"All the same, my head is still pounding. I still hear it, even if it's gone. Just the echoes now." Sherlock admitted with a shudder.
"Very nice." John muttered. Sherlock nodded, taking the picture back with hesitant fingers and looking a bit uncomfortable.
"I think so." John agreed in a sort of grumble. "But it's got far more than looks, Sherlock. Far more."
"John come on then!" Mary growled, pushing at her husband in retaliation before rolling over once more with the intention of going back to sleep. John scowled at her through the darkness, yet he knew that he had no choice but to get to his feet and dressed as quickly as possible. Sherlock was due to be waiting for him at five, at the little apartment in a little row of houses that John only vaguely memorized. Of course Sherlock didn't think to give an address, for he is so rarely considerate in remembering his own knowledge was not universal. John had a sad bowl of cereal, staring at a wall instead of the usual morning paper. Then again, the news didn't necessarily concern him this morning, considering he had his own personal life changing events happening. He couldn't care about the stock market or foreign relations; he had to instead focus on what he was going to do if Victor proved to live up to all of Sherlock's expectations. Oh but who was he kidding, of course Victor would not prove to be a disappointment! If he was enough to sweep Sherlock off of his feet in the past, well he would a Parisian artist by now! That fact alone, with the accent and the aesthetic, would certainly be able to get Sherlock's heart beating annoyingly fast. And so there were two plans of attack, one which would undoubtedly take John down as well. The first was to ignore it, ignore all of this and disregard his feelings so as to pretend not to be hurt. If the inevitable was such, well then he had no choice but to nod his head and accept it. He had a wife, a child, and responsibilities he didn't have when he lived there before. He was not allowed to love Sherlock Holmes in this life time, even if it was his destiny. The second plan of attack would be ruinous for him, and undoubtedly a bit awkward for Sherlock. The second plan would be to get to Sherlock before Victor does, and this was something which would have to be enacted before they got to Victor at all. This left John not even twenty four hours to confess his love and to make Sherlock confess back, in such a way which might ensure he didn't give Victor a second thought when it came to romance. Oh, John knew that such a plan would go horribly wrong! Even if the best case scenario occurred he would still be facing the moral degradation of an affair. He wouldn't be able to look his wife in the eyes; he wouldn't be able to smile at his daughter, knowing that he had betrayed them both! Love wasn't as important as he wanted it to be, not in this world now. Who cared if loved Sherlock, who cared if he was destined to be with him from centuries before? Their destinies this time just didn't add up, John had held unknowingly held himself back in an attempt to move forward with his life! And he knew that Mary wasn't worth it, in the end he understood that he might have had a happier life had he been more rational.
"Well I can pour it myself if you think yourself above such a task." John responded a bit hotly. Mary shot him a warning glance, yet continued on getting three wine glasses from the cupboard.
"I feel it's more of a curse, than anything." John admitted with a quick shrug, lunging now for a sugar cookie so as to interrupt this conversation and give himself something else to think about.
"Mrs. Watson, I'm sorry for my rudeness." Sherlock said finally, standing up straight once more and pulling his jacket tightly across his chest. "But really I must be going."
"It depends how well you convince me, then. How well you spin your argument of delirium." Sherlock decided, folding his legs and leaning a bit theatrically in his chair. John wondered if he had always lounged about in such a state, and he had just been too stupid to realize.
"In five minutes." Sherlock said honestly. John nodded, tapping his fingers against his legs anxiously.
"It's not a castle." John reminded him.
Sherlock had been immortalized in that position for a reason, so that years later, centuries later, John Watson would sit at his desk and stare at it. Stare at it so intensely that he didn't notice the man at the door, the man who was chuckling at John's dropped jaw.
"I'm sorry, John, if this is going to be at all disappointing, or at all surprising. But I want nothing more to do with this house." Sherlock whispered quietly. "If there really is something going on here, well it's not my duty, nor yours, to have any part in it. If there's some plot behind all of this, well it can be foiled by simply walking away. Maybe there's a reason this house has been locked up for centuries. And maybe there's a good reason to lock it up for another century to come."
"You're joking?" he clarified quietly.
"Well haven't I?" John said with an anxious chuckle, finally sealing the envelope. "Aren't we both sort of ghosts, I mean if you think about..."
"Maybe that's this house's biggest secrets. Where it's hiding the vermin." Sherlock suggested with something of a chuckle.
"Not your current ones." Sherlock corrected. Finally John sat up, knowing that his face had now turned ghostly pale. He looked to Sherlock, who was standing very awkwardly, with that letter in his hand and that golden ring on his finger. Never had a man looked any more conflicted, confused, or beautiful. Never before had John been overcome with both shame and relief, for while it would seem as though his past self had betrayed him, he had also made John's job of admittance all the more simple. Surely he had to say nothing, now it would just be assumed.
"I do! I do understand, John I wasn't out either, I had to approach my mother and tell..."
"Not necessarily the country as a whole, just a few people in particular that ruined that entire continent for me. My family was a nightmare." John muttered, rolling his eyes and settling his chin own on his fingers in reminiscence.
"Looked exactly like him." John finished finally. "Yes I know, that's the mystery isn't it?"
"I can't go to Paris." John muttered, this time his voice straining hesitantly.
"Because it appears that I wrote it." John whispered, just now straightening himself up on the mattress yet staying seated, so as to curl into that ball of shame. Sherlock hesitated for a moment, staring at John as if to wonder what ever that could mean.
"Reggie, just shut up!" Sherlock demanded. "Get my other bags."
"She's dead?" John clarified, though in a passive sort of way. The sort of way one might mention a common nuisance, rather than a catastrophe such as this.
"I was thinking about it." John growled. "The very picture is a mystery, because it wasn't on the mantle when I first toured. I can swear to that, and no one's been in there except me ever since then. So not only how it got there but..." John was interrupted now when the door in the back of the hall opened, and he allowed a small little smile slip onto his lips. "Well, you'll see the other part really soon I'm sure."
"No need to get defensive, Professor." Sherlock warned. "This place will learn to let me go."
"It may very well have been." Sherlock mumbled, patting the walls in admiration. John sighed heavily, not very thrilled that Sherlock was trying to become the house's favorite as well.
"It is not human, nor will it ever be redeemable the love which I had for him. Never will it be accepted, or understood. I am, and always will be as it would seem...something of an ungodly mistake." Holmes managed painfully, clenching his fists and closing his eyes in a quick moment of mediation. He attempted to calm himself, yet such efforts were wasted without any use of self-medication. I knew that as soon as I left the room he would go straight for the opium, a habit which seemed all together understandable given the constant emotional pains which my friend must have been burdened with all this time.
"That or it wanted to bring us there. It was depriving us of sleep so that we'd fall asleep inside. Maybe that was its plan all along." Sherlock suggested. John tensed a little bit on the wheel, looking at Sherlock for a split second before concentrating once again on the traffic. Now was the time when all of the cars hit the road, and it was no time for gazing.
"Yes." Sherlock said simply. "Yes I feel...I feel repulsed. But welcomed. My stomach is twisting but my heart is lurching...something is in there, isn't it? Something was in there?" John sighed heavily, feeling that he could not explain this without the help of a visual aid. He grabbed the photograph from his bag, which was still hanging loyally on his shoulder, and held it up to the door for reference. In the picture you could just barely see the frame; chopped into view around the corners, and only visible if you were looking for it. Yet the frame itself was distinct, the frame which held steady around the door. It was carved like no other door, it was unique in its design and depicted distinctly in the picture that was held in John's hand. This ancient picture.
When Monday came John couldn't be happier to get out of his house. It wasn't as though he didn't like to be there, for it was always lovely to bounce his daughter on his knee or read her bedtime stories while her little eyes were already shut. However it was Mary, that woman who was lingering so horribly close to him, her eyes following him if she could not do it herself. Well it was annoying, she was hanging over him like a weight, and beginning to ask all of these interesting questions that he couldn't really answer without revealing his interesting past. He didn't want her anywhere near that house, nor did he want her to come within eyeshot of Sherlock Holmes any longer. Both of those beings were John's own, his property, the things of his past that he did not want to share with things of his present. He told himself that he was being secretive for Mary's own good; he told himself that he was doing the right thing by ensuring she didn't feel any lesser. For she would know immediately that she was unimportant, she would know immediately that she was nothing to John, not even his true soulmate. Merely a woman who would get him from one stage of his life to the other, knowing full well that she would be left behind once his true destiny began. John didn't want Mary to have to live with that, and so he decided that it was better for her to guess, rather than know for sure that she was about to be abandoned. And let her speculate, let her assume the worst! For surely the worst was handled much easier when there was no firm confirmation. That was what she was worried about, an affair, certainly. Well of course John's night spent at the house was all the reason in the world to worry about a love affair, and yet it really was the worst kind. For John had handed his heart over to Sherlock, whether or not he realized it his entire life was dedicated to that man, his love had left this household and had followed him to the house. It was waiting there for Sherlock to return, for their lives to fall back together as they had been all those years ago. His love was waiting to be received, surely by the man who had received it before. And yet it would be the worst sort of pain, for a wife to discover that her husband was struggling now with unrequited love. For it was much easier to stomach the idea that a man had been swept off of his feet by some beautiful woman, someone who would smother him in kisses and seduce him effortlessly. It was much more difficult to fathom that John's heart was gone, even without a willing recipient! That he could love someone so emotionally, without even the psychical aspect to go along with it! For John was in love with Sherlock in every aspect of the word, and the more he pondered it the more he discovered just how invested he was in that man! Oh, and just like the idea of reincarnation, all of these things that might have been completely unconceivable had just fallen into his life as if he had expecting them! The idea of another life, another love, well he had just accepted them before he even acknowledged them! Truly all of this was meant to happen, all of this really must have been just...destiny. And so when Monday came, John was ready. He was feeling the loss of Sherlock, even if it had been just for one day. There was something of a withdrawal, the pain coming purely from the anticipation of seeing him again. Perhaps it was madness; or rather it was merely a strong dependency. Sherlock may now be the beacon of his happiness, of his hope, and of his love. Perhaps John was just beginning to miss having his own heart in his chest, and he wanted to see it as soon as he possibly can. Well, that opportunity arrived rather well.
"And you." John said once more. "Of course it was you. If my soul really did live here before, well then surely there's a part of it that still can't differentiate between the centuries. Surely it's been waiting a long time to see you again."
"Well I suppose you'll have to manage. You can call your mother, have her help out. Besides, I'll be back on Friday at the latest." John suggested. Mary's voice faltered, and she crossed her arms across her chest with a frown appearing on her face.
"Do you feel it too, then?" John asked anxiously, not able to contain his little smile of hope. And yet Sherlock shook his head, taking a step forward and handing the key out in the palm of his white hand, as if he was handing it back. Yet still, John knew that the key had not had its proper time with him. He hesitated.
"I stand by my promises! I don't want to help you, someone who dared insult me..."
Secondly, I've got a class that starts in twenty minutes, and I've..."
"Then that's all that matters, is it not John? Just happiness." Sherlock whispered, his voice beginning to sound sleepy, his words becoming slurred as his eyes began to droop shut. John nodded his head in reply, knowing now that if he would have asked a question he would get no response. Sherlock had fallen to sleep; he could hear it in his breathing, in the rhythms and in the soft drumming of his heartbeat. John smiled softly, thinking once more on the concept of happiness, and just how much his life had changed since then. Since he had been trapped up in his room, seething with anger he didn't understand. Perhaps there was something inside of him all the way back then, something that knew he wasn't intended for that life. Perhaps all of that anger didn't just come from his father, or his mother, but instead from his past life, and from this house. Half of it was understanding he didn't belong there, and the other half was missing the essential parts of his life. Missing Sherlock Holmes. And yes, happiness did matter in the end. Happiness mattered; it was the end goal despite any destinies, reincarnations, or paths which one is cursed to follow. John was supposed to happy, that was the end of it, and he felt as though he had achieved just that. He let his fists unclench against the rug, he let that age old anger seep from his muscles and for the first time in a long while he felt himself relax, properly. He felt himself sink deeper into that house, devote yet another piece of himself to its walls, and praise it once more for having found him a home. A true home, somewhere he belonged, somewhere he had been before. He thanked it for the friendship it had supplied him with, for that boy who slept so peacefully behind him. And for a moment John realized that he had never felt so complete, so whole in his entire life. Not his wedding day, not Rosie's birth...nothing had given him such a warm feeling inside than did this moment right now. He didn't have to be loved; he didn't have to be accepted. It was the lack of the cage, that thing people had been building around him all of these years. His father, then his wife...John felt perhaps that tonight was the night he found the key. Tonight was the night he let himself out of the constraints of what was expected of him, and ventured now out into the world. Out into the realms of his own life, so as to find the happiness that all men were promised, one way or another.
