They stood in silence as the sun got lower and lower, watching the ship approach the edge of the lake, as students wearing warm military-like uniform load out, until John's eyes widened in remembrance. "Shit. Sherlock, we have to go."
“Well, she has a gun and she’s trained to use it, so she definitely is a threat. But unlikely to harm you if you stay out of her way.”
"Jesus, Sherlock, I go into a coma for - what, five days? - and your health goes to shit." Sherlock's lips twitched, a shadow of amusement. "I didn't realise I had such influence over you."
"Want to?" John asks, tilting his head towards the dance floor. He keeps his tone of voice light, casual, so Sherlock hopefully won't feel pressured. "I mean, everyone else is dancing, and it could be fun."
John looked where Mary was facing and sighed. Of course Victor was with the PDA couples. "I think I'll join you and Janine, then."
"I see. And you undid this?" The confusion and shock on Sherlock's face had now turned into nervousness, hurt.
"Absolutely." Slughorn wrote something down on his notepad, then moved to the front of the classroom to address the class. John looked over at Sherlock, to find he was staring at him and grinning. John matched his expression. "Well, class, the majority of you did very well indeed. I have very high hopes for your NEWTS next year. Your grades will be sent to you at breakfast on Friday. You are dismissed."
In a flash, Sherlock sharply headbutts the man with a sickening thud and leaves him unconscious. His head throbs in protest: definitely concussed now.
"So you did." Mycroft came to sit down on the trunk at the end of Sherlock's bed. Sherlock could have laughed and said something about Mycroft's inability to be active for more than thirty seconds. He wasn't in the mood for laughing.
"My second cousin." Sherlock added in a murmer . "The murderer was slowly making his way towards...me."
In the beginning, the world was split into three: the sky, with its infinite, destructive power; the sea, with its changing tides and moods, as furious and murderous as it is life-giving and plentiful; and the underworld, a dark, empty wasteland, waiting to be filled with the souls of the dead. The world was three, and destined to be ruled by three.
John quickly retracts his hand as he hears the creaking of the stairs under Mary’s footsteps. She enters the living room, her eyes surprisingly alert for someone who had been woken up in the middle of the night and looking between the two men. “What’s happened?”
Sherlock frowned in confusion. "That's - fine. No need to apologise. Besides, why do you think I was avoiding you? I was just ill and wanted to stay in bed all day."
"Not if I continue like this! As my emotional state becomes more and more compromised as time goes on I am more likely to make a mistake. In fact, I'm fairly sure I've made more mistakes since. So I'm dedicating myself to my work and not allowing any distractions. In fact, this phone call has already taken too long, I really should - "
They arrived at Angelos, having walked there from the club. When they came inside, Sherlock greeted one of the staff there personally (Billy, he said his name was) before they sat down. It was true, the restaurant was a lot quieter, with clearer lighting that didn’t flash and move around the room, which overall suddenly made the whole thing more...intimate. Like whatever veil existed in the club, that gave John his confidence and Sherlock his mysterious, ethereal demeanour was suddenly gone, leaving them both exposed to the other’s sight.
You won't read this until you get home tomorrow afternoon. In fact, it seems stupid me writing this down when you're already next to me, in my own bed, sleeping.  I entirely blame you for this sudden overwhelming sentimentality making me write when I could easily wake you up and tell you in person. But as you are exhausted (from travel and our activities tonight - I'll let your own memory fill in the blanks) and will try to smother me with a pillow if woken up, I'll stick to writing.
There he was, stooped over a microscope, dressed in an impeccable suit, curls ruffled carelessly and perfectly all at once, and John’s breath escaped from his lungs.
“What’s this?” Sherlock asks, breaking him out of his reverie as he brings out a photo album from the bottom of one of the boxes.
Sherlock had come here to watch death, to witness mortality in action and satisfy his curiosity. Instead, he finds his gaze drawn to the mysterious doctor. That same force -
19:41 The old John would have said it’s not kind to point out flaws in other people’s relationships. SH
"Says you." John muttered. He looked up shyly to see Sherlock rewarding him with a small smile. Okay, they were making jokes now. This was a good start. Perhaps they could forget all about this and carry on their friendship as normal?
"I have a - vague idea of the suspect. But there's someone pulling the strings. Someone who wants my attention." Sherlock pulled his hand away from John's and placed it in his lap, twiddling his thumbs nervously.
"Anyway, moving on," John cuts in quickly. Obsessed is a bit much, isn't it? "This is Amy and Samantha, they're soulmates, Liam and Rebecca, they're soulmates too. And there's Robert. Whose soulmate isn't here."
Sherlock’s look turns from curious to scarily calculating, his eyes narrowing, his lips curled into a smirk. Something unnameable shoots down John’s spine. “I see. Then never have I ever gone to war.”
"Don't lie," the Milverssen chastised, it's mouth grinning wickedly, "you're not going to be emasculated for such a simple emotion as fear. Or is your self esteem really that fragile?" It scoffed. John could hear some members of the audience sniggering along with it. The creature continued, "Because that's a weakness of yours - your pressure point. You're determined to fit in with what is expected of you. As a boy. As a wizard." Keep your mind clear, John told himself. Think of nothing. "Tell me, do your friends know of your mudblood status? Is that something else you are ashamed of?"
John was in the nearest bed to the door. Sherlock didn't hesitate to enter the infirmary and rush to John's side. He was pale (blood loss), and his eyes were closed shut, having been put into a comatose state to speed up recovery. His chest rose and fell slowly, and for every space in which there was no movement, between breaths, Sherlock's chest clenched in worry. There were no IV lines, no machines to keep track of John's vitals. The wizarding world considered themselves above this. Sherlock pulled up a seat close to the bed and sat down in it. He grabbed John's left hand - his dominant one - and stroked it with his thumb. It was warm, full of life, and for a moment Sherlock could imagine that John was just sleeping next to him, that they were in the Room of Requirement and they had nothing to worry about, that it was just the two of them together.
"Welcome, welcome," Mcgonagall called out across the hall, "To Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. I would like to introduce, first of all, Beuxbatons Academy of Magic, and their headmistress, Madam Olympe Maxime," the hall clapped as the Beuxbatons students and the teacher stood up - Maxime's height was immediately emphasised - "And finally, to Durmstrangs' Institute, and their headmaster, Professor Benedikt Karlssen."
He’s vaguely aware that he should probably be panicking, ringing Sherlock or Mycroft - she is an assassin of international repute, after all, and could be out murdering people in that very moment - or even calling work to let them know that a nurse has gone missing in action, but all he does is stare blankly at the room, feeling nothing. Perhaps relief. Perhaps guilt.
In fact, my parents have said it’s okay - I didn’t tell them myself, but they have a remarkable ability to read people, the way you do, despite them not being ‘masters of deduction’, as you had put it yesterday. Apparently, it was rather easy for them to know that yesterday hadn’t gone so well.
At the sound of Sherlock's baritone voice snapping him back to reality, John’s glare softened into a warm smile, and his grip relaxed. “Sherlock. You’re home.”
"Charming," John replies as he brings over a cup of tea - black, two sugars, the same as his coffee - to Sherlock, who is sprawled dramatically on his sofa. "I didn't have to let you stay here. I could easily kick you out, you know."
“Of course. I believed you. I trust you wholeheartedly. But - there was rather a lot of blood.” Sherlock’s voice sounds strained, his bottom lip wobbling slightly. “I’ve seen hundreds of crime scenes, hundreds of victims who have faced wounds half as bad and not lived. A hotel room, a domestic between a married couple, a third party, a gun, shot in self-defence; all painfully familiar to me. You could have just ended up being another file on Scotland Yard’s desk for me to solve.”
“Likewise,” Sherlock breathed, lifting his hips up off the bed to allow John to pull down his pyjama bottoms. “Even so, I would very much like it if you left the pants and dog tags on.”
"The hole in the wall over there, obviously caused by someone punching it. From the depth and placement, it's easy enough to guess the man's height and strength."
"Yes. Absolutely. As long as you promise to keep my ability a secret so I won't end up abducted and experimented on by government agents?"
“According to most people, you have a drinking problem,” John snapped back. “Clara is worried too. I can tell.”
Soon, the doors were opened and the Champions walked through an aisle which separated the applauding crowd. He tried to find any distinguishable trace of Sherlock - the top of his curls, the offended gasps of someone he'd deduced, even a sign of Victor was welcome - but in vain. He tried not to look visibly disappointed as he, Mary and the other champions took their place in the centre of the hall - the dance floor - and got into position.
I haven't realised how much I've missed seeing my aunt and uncle and cousins. My aunt Karen is especially sweet. She asks about you a lot, whether we get on, how things are going. I told her the truth and she didn't react any differently. Honestly, I need that at the moment. And my cousins, though exhausting in how energetic they all are, are great. They're all younger than me - one is only eight months old - and keep running around everywhere. They're all curious about my soulmate too, asking if you're my boyfriend and if we're getting married and if you prefer dragons or dinosaurs (That was Archie. He's five years old and going through a bit of an obsession with dragons and dinosaurs.) They also treat it like it's entirely normal, me having a boyfriend. It's funny how different my aunt's family is to mine, despite growing up in the same household as my dad. It's best not to dwell on that, though.
The buzzer blares and John has to put down the utensil. The patient's nose flashes a bright, furious red, matched only by the embarrassed blush in Sherlock's cheekbones.
John would nod and pull him back by the collar so their lips met, making most of the free time they had been given before the next lesson.
"I don't see why he can't just stay in his hotel room and not show up. Surely it won't be that hard spotting a confused looking assassin when their target doesn't show up."
“Oh.” Sherlock glances at Irene, who sighs and nods, giving him permission to stay. “Thank you.” Sherlock grabs a chair and plants himself next to John, leaning over to look at the script, so close that John’s arm tingles just at the notion of Sherlock being near enough to touch it. He keeps his eyes fixed on the script, hoping it would hide his red cheeks.
"There's no way you could get backstage! There's security everywhere, and for all they know, you're a creepy stalker of one of the cast members."
“What? But…” He frowns, remembering the unsubtle splashes and giggles from the bathroom, the vile, exaggerated wet sounds of their kiss before Janine left for work. Surely..? “Huh. Guess you’re right, women really aren’t your area.”
"Yeah, well then we chased a suspect across London and it was okay by the end. Besides, it gave us something to talk about while we waited."
"Don't criticise me for not foreseeing events, when you two were the ones on guard and meant to prevent this kind of event from happening." The rise in Mycroft's voice only served to further aggravate Sherlock, who was clenching his fists together, while hot anger at the unfairness of the accusation boiled in John's stomach. "Now, seeing as the entire front row of the audience is a suspect, we'll have to figure out how to keep them in the theatre long enough for questioning."
"So young, yet so intelligent. A mind in a league of my own, almost. I've been trying to get your attention for a while but..." Moriarty sighed.
He could call the police, ask them as an anonymous neighbour who had spotted withdrawal symptoms from afar, but he didn’t have the evidence for them to take him seriously.
“It’s meant to symbolise commitment and resilience in the face of adversity. Love enduring against hatred. Stupid, I know, it’s just a pendant at the end of the day, and going to separate unis is hardly the greatest challenge soulmates have had to endure, but - I wanted to give you a gift anyway. So. There.”
“What can I say, my sense of humour is endless, even in times of extreme stress. Like right now.” John’s face returned to its original pale complexion and he pursed his lips nervously. “I do know the spell, though. I just – want to make sure I don’t forget.”
"Sshh, they're here!" Everyone shut up at Molly's voice, and watched as Beuxbatons landed their blue carriage and Durmstrang walked out from the ship.
He still sees him sometimes, in a mop of curls in the queue at the underground, or in a long coat flapping in the wind, or in the memories found at the bottom of a whisky bottle. The latter is saved only for special occasions, when key dates approach that he can’t help but connect to Sherlock. He has it under control. Today just happens to be one of those days.
"Okay." Sherlock nods. He gets the coat from the back of his chair and puts it on as he stands up. "See you soon, John Watson.
Sherlock went down to breakfast the following morning at 7am. He sat with John and Lestrade - as long as there were no visitors and it was not the first assembly of the term, houses were encouraged to mix - and poured cornflakes into a bowl, only to stir it and watch it turn soggy in the milk.
John came out of the supply closet and took his seat. He decided not to drink that last whiskey - the last time it had made him blunt and unthinking, which he absolutely did not need. Then Sherlock took his seat. To John’s relief, after that everything was consistent; Sherlock's dishevelled appearance, the low swoop in John's stomach as his eyes were drawn to Sherlock like a magnet, the proud flush when John used his pick up line (the same one he had used before. If it ain't broke, et cetera, et cetera...)
“What was a guy handsome as you doing dancing alone?” John asked, displaying his most charming, most 'I'm harmless, come talk to me' smile. He knew it was incredibly cheesy, possibly the least original pick-up line out there, but one benefit of time travel was that the option to undo mistakes made him incredibly confident, bordering on hubris, when using pick-up lines on people. Particularly very beautiful people.
"I'm very much addicted to adrenaline," John admitted. "Sherlock and I have been on many dangerous cases. I once had to swim in the lake to rescue him from the giant squid." John chuckled at fond memories of him and his companion. "So I wanted to enter for that adrenaline fix. And the money." It was clear that John was the physical embodiment of the ideal Gryffindor
Actually, the photo also offers me a second benefit of being able to deduce you properly, even if the information is probably now outdated. For starters, the photo was taken six months ago at the end of your first winning game as rugby captain, though you've been a member of the team for nearly a year before becoming captain. During that game you injured yourself no less than three times, ending up with a calf muscle injury that you somehow managed to ignore for the rest of the game, a bruised forehead and a chipped tooth. You had a girlfriend at the time, but I assume she must have broken up with you by now. Most likely to do with the guilt people have for talking to their soulmates at the same time as dating someone else, even if the soulmates aren't actually together romantically.
"Okay. Well then, factually speaking, when one or more of the participants is using a false name, the marriage isn't valid."
“Get in my wardrobe with me. It’s difficult to explain. Please, just do it?” John opened the door and stepped inside himself. After pausing for a moment, considering his options, Sherlock, to John’s relief, stepped inside with him, shutting the door behind him. They were in complete darkness, then, pressed between the walls and each other. John ignored the tightness of his collar and the stifling, hot air that surrounded them.
“I agree,” Sherlock says as he comes back into the living room, tucking his phone into his back pocket. Instantly, John relaxes slightly, knowing that Sherlock will be able to shed light on this situation. “You’re going to go back to Austria, now. If you see Mary - Eliza - again, do not confront her or draw attention to yourself. Right now, you are one of only a few people who can expose her secret, and trust me when I say she does not hesitate to shoot anyone who poses as a threat to her.”
Once in primary school he had liked a girl so one day he decided to pass her a note in class. He couldn't remember what it said, but the teacher had found it and read it out in front of the whole class. John had never felt more embarrassed.
"Oi, shut up," John laughed slightly, then winced again and clutched his stomach. Sherlock opened his mouth to ask if John was okay, but John dismissed the concern with a wave of his hand, and continued. "So, this family gathering... is Mycroft still there, then? I haven't heard from him in a while."
"He left, along with his henchpeople, I carried you back to your bed and Mycroft came in. We argued, Moriarty heard, came back, and tied us up, trapping us there. He monologued, talking about how Mycroft would stand in his way, working for the ministry and all that. So he... Mary..." Sherlock's words were cut of by a choked sob. "He ordered Mary to kill
He goes on to explain how due to the reclusive nature of the victims, their secretive personal life, the mysterious tattoos cut off in such a calculating way, and the books in Lila Madison's flat that were so focused on spiritualism and doomsday, the obvious solution was that they were each part of a cult."
I have to say I laughed a little bit reading your message. Not at you. Not like that. It’s just that I’ve imagined since I was a kid what my first interaction with my soulmate would be like and murders, divorce rates and the scientific impossibility of the soulmate journal certainly never came up. But then again I lack imagination. It's the main reason I'm not very good at English in school, so pray for me when I do my exams this year.
"Don't be, it'll be fine. You're good at this." John said to Janine, though he knew she couldn't understand. After Mary translated for her, she smiled nervously back.
John laughs then presses his lips to Sherlock's in a lingering kiss, long and loving and indulgent as he had wanted to the entire evening, no one there but the two of them - until the door opens suddenly, and the boys leap apart, as though the other is on fire. Mrs Watson stands by the door, looking as equally bashful as the two boys.
On their 37th day of being together they were studying in the library when a young girl in a Hufflepuff scarf who couldn't have been older than a third year approached them shyly, introducing herself as Tiana Tolkan and saying that she had lost her charm necklace.
“No, the point is to get your friends pissed enough to admit to something embarrassing or sexual. Or both. By any means necessary.”
When John and Sherlock were in fifth year, they encountered a case with a seventh year named Irene Adler, who had several compromising pictures on her phone of the Head Girl of that time, their client. Sherlock had tried to steal her phone to get the photos back for their client, but then Irene turned on Sherlock: intimidating him, flirting with him only to then spread rumours about him (fruitlessly, thank Merlin; no one for one second believed that the unsociable, inexperienced boy-detective could have done anything Irene had said). So then John had confronted Irene about it, telling her to stop, particularly with the flirting and screwing with Sherlock's head, only for her to tease him. "So protective," she'd said, "so jealous. You'd make a great boyfriend."
But he’s only human. Anyone could get bored. Even Mary, whose eyes still linger every so often at the duffel bag in their wardrobe that contains her gun and silencer (in case of emergencies) that John pretends not to know about. After all, his gun is by the bedside drawer, so they're in agreement.
He rolled over onto his side, clutching his pillow and curling up into a ball as though it could shield him from the injustices of the world, until his mother called him down for breakfast. He ate none of it, his appetite completely gone after the revelations of his phone call with John.
"Not for me, and definitely not for you either. What did you get - three, four hours of sleep yesterday between shifts? Seems rather hypocritical to me."
"Interesting." Sherlock said, in the least interested voice. "John, if you've finished, we should go to the library quickly and finish Fantastic Beasts."
Moran and Karlssen exited out first, Professor Karlssen holding up Moran's hand in victory and yelling, Moran stoic and expressionless albeit smirking calmly and minutely, to which Mcgonagall tutted and sighed "why I even bother..."
"I'm sure your mental capacities are far superior." Sherlock scoffed and rolled his eyes, but John continued softly nonetheless. "Give him a year's head start. You'll catch up with him."
“Well, if you’re ever in town again, it would be wonderful if we could cross paths. Grab a drink. Get dinner, perhaps?”
“Maybe so. But I’m certain that some parts of his legacy remain at least. He was more than willing to die at St Barts. He wouldn’t have done so if he didn’t have plans for what would happen to his network after his death.”
“It’s not the same, though. After two months of seeing you nearly every day and practically moving into your room, it’s a big change. It’s weird.”
"You will write to me?" Janine asked as she wrote an address on Sherlock's hand. "Tell me how you're feeling?"
“Of course. I’m her godfather. Mrs Hudson has already taken on the role of honorary grandmother with enthusiasm. And mycroft has the ability to hack into security cameras as impromptu baby monitors.”
“Dead, mortal souls. Tell me, Sherlock, do you know who the god of the sun is? The god of the river? The goddess of the hunt?”
John whips around at the sound of the familiar baritone voice, now clear and no longer distorted by the telephone, and then there he is. Sherlock Holmes himself, standing in front of him.
Sherlock sighed. "Oh, Jesus Christ, another secret? It's starting to lose its shock value, you know."
"Actually that doesn't sound half bad," John interrupts. "It is pretty miserable outside. It will probably clear up soon enough anyway. Come on, Sherlock. Let's play a board game."
"Yes, but I don't care what Agatha thinks. I care about what you can see just from looking at him. Forget what you already know."
“Easy. Your build suggests you take part in a regular exercise, one that involves running for long periods of time. The bruise on your leg is from being repeatedly tackled to the ground. Ergo, rugby. Your interactions with our Orsino here suggest you’re used to being an authority figure and giving out advice and support when needed. He looks to you for guidance and is another member of the rugby team. There. Rugby captain.”
John saw Janine glare at her out of the corner of his eye. He supposed that she could tell that the woman was talking about her, despite her not knowing the language.
"You should probably sleep then." Sherlock said. "You slept for three hours last night and we'll be arriving at Hogwarts in 2 more hours. I'll wake you when we're nearly there."
I like science too, by the way. Well biology mostly. I sort of have to if I’m going to become a doctor. And chemistry is good too. Not physics. Physics can go fuck itself as far as I’m concerned.
Soon, to John's relief, other people started to join in with the dance and the attention on him and the other champions left. Something to the left of him caught caught John's eye, and when he turned to glance at it, he saw Sherlock dancing with Victor Trevor. Except he seemed so much more graceful, more elegant,  more professional that anyone here. He swayed in time with the music and stepped perfectly without crashing into anyone. Victor was pretty good too. Very good, actually. John couldn't tell who out of him and Victor was leading; they were both equal to each other and the dictating music. Even when the song changed into a faster waltz, they stayed perfectly in time. His chest heaved with jealousy at just how well the two of them fitted together, and with anger at the predatory way that Victor gazed at Sherlock in his arms. Sherlock, meanwhile, wasn't paying attention: his eyes were as glazed over as when he played the violin, or explained in rapid flow his many deductions, or when he entered his mind palace. John  looked away quickly, before Sherlock started noticing the real world again.
Apparently two months away from Hogwarts did not increase the IQ of other people. In first period, History of Magic, a slytherin student called Anderson asked whether Rendeliv the third was a real person, just after a lecture on him. Afterwards Sally Donovan shouted insults at him all throughout Arithmancy. This surprisingly did not stop after he pointed out the obvious fact that she was cheating on her boyfriend with two other boys. Third and fourth period was completely dull and useless. But finally fifth came, which meant potions with John Watson.
Alissia stayed still, still holding her wand out defensively, then she saw the tall, broad-shouldered silhouette of someone in the trees. It approached them, and Alissia soon came to realise that the person was in fact Moran. He stood next to Moriarty. It was almost comical how small the man now looked compared to him.
"I had a hunch. Besides, portraits are very useful assets when dealing with reckless young students."
She cupped her hand over the spider, until she walked outside and let the spider go from her hand. But to Mary's surprise, after the spider crawled from her hand, it did not scuttle away to safety. Instead, it stayed completely still and seemed to stare at Mary. Mary watched back, out of curiosity. Then the spider began to transform. It grew in height and the blackness of its outer along grew pale until it reached a pale skin colour, the only original black colour remaining on the spider's (if that was the appropriate term) head. Four of the limbs retracted, and it continued to grow until it became a young man in an expensive-looking black suit, who was at least five inches taller than Mary. The only trace of spider left was in the jelled, jet black hair and the dark emptiness of the man's eyes. Mary's eyes widened, and opened her mouth to shout for help, but the man placed a cold hand over her mouth. "Follow me. Don't shout, don't scream." The man hissed, in an accent which Mary identified to be Irish. Then his arm was round her shoulder and he was pacing quickly to a dark corner where the light from the castle stopped. Mary plucked up her courage and asked, her voice shaking, "what are you going to do to me?"
"This is going to go horribly wrong." John whispered at he placed one hand on Mary's waist and the other in her spare hand.
“No, you liked it when I watched you dancing, because you knew it got me all riled up and we’d have to leave early.”
“See you soon.” As John left to use the bathroom, he saw out of the corner of his eye Sherlock settle back down to sleep, his eyeliner smudged around his eyes. His heart melted a little at the sight.
Perhaps his one, singular brain cell allocated to human interaction decided that deductions counted as a good flirtation method, and had somehow managed to take free reign of his actions before he could think it through properly.
John hisses through his teeth quietly, and replies, unconsciously turning his phone away from Sherlock as he types.
They continued to search for a while, to no avail, until a sudden crack of thunder sounded and it began to rain. At first it was light enough to ignore, but then it grew heavier, rain somehow getting past all the levels of leaves above them and soaking them through.
“Yeah, thanks. But anyway, it wouldn’t be fair to drag you and your feelings into my parental issues. I suppose technically it is hormones - oxytocin, serotonin, dopamine, adrenaline - “
"Mary Morstan? Not by birth, you're not." They stopped walking and the man stood in front of her. Mary subconsciously stepped back into the wall behind her. "So, Alissia - if I can call you that - I can assume you're quite curious as to why I know this about you."
"You're okay." He whispered. "John. You're going to be fine." He didn't get a response. Not even a twitch of the finger.
"No. But they're your friends, and comparatively speaking, your evening has been a lot worse than mine. You like them, and you often go to them when you're in a bad mood or when you need support. I'm guessing that has been rather frequent due to issues at home. And I think, if they're good enough for you to trust them enough to do that, they're good enough for me."
"Good luck to each of the champions. Let this round of the tournament begin." Mcgonagall blew the first whistle.
BTW I've gone back to the last chapter to make some typo corrections (and there were some pretty appalling ones. Half an entire sentence was missing before I'd moved on randomly to the next one). If you spot a mistake or typo, please feel free to correct me.
He knocks on the door to the building, expecting for Sherlock to open it with, hopefully, an apology for disturbing his post-shift sleep - though as far as John could tell, he didn't seem like the apologetic type. From what John could tell from their conversations last night and this morning, the man is utterly shameless, rude when he stops making the effort to be charming, and quite possibly the most interesting thing that has happened to John in months. The door soon opens, but not by Sherlock, by an older woman instead, who smiles happily and greets him, "Hello! Are you here about the flatshare?"
"Why? God, Sherlock, you really need to get out more. It's the tri-wizard tournament! Hogwarts will be hosting!" John said excitedly, looking at Sherlock for a reaction. He just frowned in confusion. John sighed.
After 15 minutes of letting the potion cool, it had gone a dark turquoise and John smiled in relief as he could smell the Amortentia: the smell of burnt out candles, the sea and Sherlock's expensive shampoo. (How ridiculously predictable, John thought to himself. He breathed in the scent in contentment anyway.
On that note, Mcgonagall finished her speech and everyone left the hall to go to their dorms. Late that night, when Sherlock lay wide awake on his bed, he pondered over the tournament.
“I know. It’s hateful. I’m already desperate to go back. Mother is being paranoid and sanitising every surface. Father keeps humming. Mycroft is… here. His presence is more than enough to irritate me.”
P.S: Are we going to stop signing off as 'your friend' completely now? It's fine if we do - it's only logical seeing as we've probably crossed some sorts of boundaries. On the other hand, I have been informed that a romantic relationship is essentially a friendship with more touchy-feely-ness and stronger emotions, so really would it be accurate to say we're no longer friends simply because we've kissed? This is one of the few moments in life I will refer to your experience and wisdom for help with all of this. Cherish it while you can.
“So what do you think?” Hopkins came into the room finally, John behind her. Sherlock finally approached and crouched beside the dead body.
In terms of what you said about what you expect from this, I can’t say I have particularly high expectations myself. I can’t remember a time where my parents seemed happy with their matches, although maybe that’s more to do with things that have happened than clashing personalities. But anyway, I’m happy for this to go wherever - acquaintances, friends, or otherwise.
John closed the door slightly, but left it ajar enough to hear the rustle of paper and a muttered: “oh, that’s when I come in”. He gave a satisfied grin before going off to look for the props department. It turned out that the person in charge of the swords was at home in bed with the stomach flu, so John took it upon himself to move them just before the play started.
“I see. I suppose I can understand the appeal of the custom,” Sherlock says carefully. “I’m Sherlock. And this is Redbeard.” He gestures down beside him, where John’s eyes fall and widen in surprise.
"He's with Mary now." 'With', in every sense of the word. "I'm off to do violin practice. Leave me alone."
Sherlock turns to look out of the window and makes a noise that John can only assume is out of frustration, surprising for someone who is normally so determined to close cases. "Yes. Let's go."
A pregnant silence settles over the room, constricting John and sticking him to his seat, as though a window has been shut. He resists the urge to pull at his collar as he waits with baited breath for a response, his heart in his throat. Everyone seems to have stopped breathing for the moment. Mercifully, it's Mrs Watson who breaks the silence, voice quiet and weak.
"I'm just saying, that for the sake of my honour and your trust in me, the jumpers and shirts stay on."
“Right. Uh, so we don’t know what her real name is. But she was, or is, a freelance agent. She got involved with some pretty bad people, then when she had to leave, she married me. Not long after we met, like you did. I don’t know why - maybe security reasons? Easier to keep your cover, perhap.” Joseph frowns skeptically, making John wince. He needs Sherlock here to explain it in the same blunt, proud way he always did. It’s how it’s always been for five years. He clears his throat awkwardly and continues, “then over a month ago, she ran away when we were being threatened. I guess to hide for a little while in Salzburg.”
Later, John won’t really consider this as their first kiss; it’s too much, too soon, easily dismissed with the wave of a hand as the consequence of their riled up anger and adrenaline with their proximity acting as a catalyst. But right now, he can’t think about what will come later, because all he can focus on is Sherlock, and the feeling of his lips sliding insistently against his, the soft curls under his fingertips as he presses him closer, the small moans and whimpers they’re both eliciting, the pressure - oh, Christ - of Sherlock’s thigh between his legs, the lightness in his head as he throws caution to the wind. He never wants this moment to end, because ending it will free their mouths for talking, and they've never been especially good at that. The kissing, though, they apparently have quite the skill for.
“Perfect. No smiting and no drowning. A whole 0.8 percent taken off the long list of the dead,” Sherlock snaps. “All this just to get me to
“Unorthodox or not, if we want this poor sod to live he’s our best bet. And the longer we stand here arguing about it, the less likely he is to live.”
Sherlock visibly relaxes with the knowledge that he hasn't screwed up just yet. "Yes. My point exactly."
Eight months of brief, scarce emails skimming over confidential details and the horrors John is witnessing. Eight months of accidentally pouring two cups of tea in the morning. Eight months of grainy skype calls, of touching his hand to John’s face on the screen, as though it would magically cure him of how utterly touch starved he had become. Funny, how quickly one became accustomed to a luxury such as touch; a kiss on the cheek in the morning, a hand on the lower back at crime scenes, an entire body to hold and press against in the now too empty, too large bed.
“Yeah, exactly. And I really don’t want to take her to Angelo’s. It’s a nice place. I’d rather not disturb everyone with her screaming.”
“Yoo-hoo! Boys!” Mrs Hudson called as she entered the flat, a plate of biscuits in one hand. “I heard you two giggling away last night so I knew you two would be a little out of sorts this morning.”
It's eyes were dead and, John guessed, colourless. Its face was flat and surprisingly human-like, with a smirk carved into the bottom of the face and the corner of a sharp tongue darting out threateningly. It was the blend of human and reptile, the dead eyes which, despite being hidden behind a camera, stared straight through John and seemed to be reading his thoughts, the way someone would read someone else's hidden diary, and the fact that it's sly smile suggested it liked what it saw, what the new information could reward it with. John shuddered and wiped his sweaty palms on his uniform. Mcgonagall carried on regardless.
Once they’re in the cab, Sherlock speaks first in a quiet, tentative voice. “You know, if you are worried about… money and the house and doing the job of two parents, there is always Baker Street.”
So they would go into the Room of Requirement and prepare for it: spells that help you keep a sense of direction, jinxes and charms for duels or ‘pest control’- as Sherlock predicted the maze would be full of scattered beasts and animals - and riddle and problem solving. Anything Sherlock expected to come up. John went along with it.
. They face each other, both discreetly looking around at the other people in the room for guidance - John wants to be at least somewhat adequate for Sherlock, while Sherlock himself has little experience of this kind of dancing- then both reach for the other's waist. They blush and pull away, murmuring apologies, then placing their arms around the other's neck. They pull away again.
"Listen to me, Sherlock," Mycroft said firmly, albeit quietly, "I can't promise you everything will be okay. I can't promise John will - look. I want you to tell me that whatever happens you won't do anything stupid, like retreating away from your friends and family, stop focussing on schoolwork or your career. Most importantly, do not hunt down whoever did this. The person who did this is dangerous, and will not hesitate to hurt you."
“It’s alright, John. Truth be told, my hearing has been rather suffering lately, but the walls are so thin here. Thank goodness you boys are so remarkably quiet. And the little one of course.” She smiles at Rosie, who is lying on her play mat, content to be quietly staring at the mobile hanging above her.
John chuckled, crawling lower down Sherlock’s body, pressing an open-mouthed kiss to every place the criminal had punched him, kicked him, slammed him into a wall, the painful memories fading more and more with every brush of his lips and ghost of his tongue. In the back of his mind, he was vaguely aware of the cold metal John’s dog tags against his skin, sending a thrilling chill down his spine. John was right; it did do it for him. “I don’t need convincing, y’know,” John murmured. “I’m back home on leave. We haven’t seen each other in the better part of the year. Just being in the same room as you is enough.”
“Yup,” John replies as he makes Sherlock’s coffee. “I mean, we could stall for a bit, if you want to. Walk around. Talk. Relax.”
After 10 minutes or so of waiting, John left, smiling in the same way he did when he was chosen. Sherlock wondered if John would ever leave cloud nine after today.
“None taken.” Of course, the second task had given him Sherlock, something he had wanted for longer than he could pinpoint, but there were still times when his mind would wander and suddenly recall the dead greyness of the Milverssen’s eyes, its blunt sadistic hissing as it revealed to a crowd of thousands something he could scarcely confess to himself, the looks he got from everyone and he would cringe inwardly, thanking whichever deity or ancient celestial being that was watching over him for giving him Sherlock in return. Otherwise, John was sure he would never be able to face another person again.
John resists the urge to blush. He's well aware that Mary would be able to see what they've been doing a mile away, like there's a bright neon light above his head that says,
"But there can be no champions without volunteers. So, starting tomorrow morning, any student in sixth year and above may enter their name into the tri-wizard cup here in the Great Hall. Only one from each school will be picked, but remember: once the Champions is chosen, there is no turning back. The Champions will be chosen at 8 pm on the thirteenth of October." Mcgonagall smiled. "Good luck."
"Of course. Right then." Sherlock stood up determinedly, though his legs were still somewhat unsteady from the shock. "Let's go."
Harry: Sebastian doesn’t know what’s going on. Basically, Olivia has mistaken him for Cesario, who is Sebastian’s sister Viola in disguise (bcos she turned out just fine in the shipwreck then started cross-dressing to work for the count, who she’s in love with despite him having 0 redeeming qualities)
Technically, it was while defending John, but Mycroft could deduce that anyway. Sherlock would take a bullet from Mary a hundred times over if it meant John was safe and happy. He would also kill a hundred times over for the same reason.
Thanks for the compliment I guess. I know it's not the most flattering photo of me, but it's the most recent one I've got. Everything else seemed outdated and would give the impression your soulmate looks like a short, spotty fourteen year old.
“I know, I know. Look, let’s not think about that, ok? Let’s distract ourselves. Something nice to think about, other than exams and the pandemic and the potential collapse of western capitalism as we know it. You done anything nice lately?”
The final day of school thankfully came quickly, after weeks of classes and homework and fiercely pretending that everything was back to normal.
“Suitcase, yes. Speaking of which, where is it?” He spun around the room, eyes daring back and forth for it.
Despite himself, the corner of John's lips twitches in amusement. "You will be in a good mood by tonight. You like dancing, the food's always decent. And my friends are really, really nice. You'll love them. And they'll love you."
“You’ve abandoned dates in the past for far less,” Sherlock points out, making John chuckle at the memories, easing his guilt slightly. “You’re allowed to have interests outside of parenting and work, you know.”
John's fist clenches as he feels a sharp stab of worry. "What do you mean? We saw him just this morning."
“Exactly. Sometimes ‘subtle’ means yelling it from the rooftops and people will still say ‘oh wow, what a great ally to the community!”
“A rather bold assumption to make, isn’t it?” Victor laughed, undercutting whatever retort Sherlock also had. “You’ve got this all wrong, doctor. Now, why don’t you scamper off and leave me and my boyfriend in peace?”
Your handwriting, though definitely masculine, has some feminine slants and loops - don't take offence by this - suggesting that your childhood was mostly female dominated at home while you were learning to write and this shows that your father was absent during your childhood. I say business reasons as you implied that your parents aren't divorced and their marital problems are too recent for the absence to be to do with a temporary split. Besides, a matched couple who have split wouldn't have any qualms about divorcing. The drinking was a shot in the dark based on probability.
"It's not your responsibility to stop him, remember. We have Aurors and muggle police and the Ministry for a reason."
"Well?" Mycroft's voice dragged Sherlock out of his paralysed state. Sherlock blinked, then folded the letter and placed it in his pocket.
"But it won't happen again. I've been properly studying now and I won't make that same mistake again."
"I've been doing a lot of thinking, and I realised that I needed to apologise. We were out of line with what we said - I know if I had heard your father's parents reject us like that, I would have gone mad."
John climbs up the stairs to room 307, his stomach fluttering with nerves. Up until now, he hasn’t had time to think about how Sherlock would react. Would he yell at him? Kick him out? Let him stay? Take him into his arms in an open display of intense gratitude? …. Perhaps not.
"Yeah. I love you, and I want to spend time with you. Some alone time would be quite nice. Although we may have to just lie a little bit and tell my parents that we will be under parental supervision and therefore unlikely to set the house on fire or something."
Oh, he’s good. But then again, with a nickname like ‘Three Continents Watson’, he shouldn’t be surprised. “No.”
Harry rolled her eyes. “That’s only for successful playwrights, John. The ones who have a right to be narcissistic. What am I exactly? Just a lesbian with a drinking problem, according to my brother.”
"Who is engaged to a woman named Effie. One night while asleep in his chair, a creature called a sylph comes to visit him and kisses him. She vanishes as soon as he wakes up, leaving him disappointed and angry. A witch appears, and Effie and her bridesmaids - who are visiting to prepare for the wedding - beg her to tell their fortunes. She tells Effie that James is in love with someone else and she will instead marry James' best friend."
He quickly adjusts Sherlock's pillows, pulls the duvet up to cover his exposed chest, feeling himself be watched curiously as he did so, then leaves the room before the conversation can delve deeper into the dangerous subject of
"No! Sherlock, you need to take breaks. You've been working for hours for days on end. You're probably exhausted and hungry and just repressing everything which I'm fairly sure isn't that healthy."
Then the second round of bullets came, along with a searing pain in John's shoulder. He yelled out as he collapsed beside the man, his hand immediately going up to his shoulder to put pressure on his wound without even a thought to the other man's blood on his hands and how unsanitary that was.
"Usual stuff, really. Why I entered, am I nervous, how I felt when I was chosen, what I would do with the prize money. She mentioned you, actually."
"Made it myself. The machine isn't that hard to use. And before you say anything, don't worry, I did pay the appropriate amount into the cash register and left a tip in the jar."
Thankfully, Mary eventually cut in with, "What did you do over Christmas?" and John came close to breathing a sigh of relief.
"Go?" John blinks, his mind desperately trying to catch up with the rushed monologue. "Uh - I don't know, there's a cafe nearby I quite like - "
John stares, bewildered. “Sherlock, you don’t - I can’t impose a baby on you like that. It’s your home. Babies are noisy and messy and -“
____________,  Head of Medicine at Edinburgh University, College of Medicine and Veterinary Medicine
"Brilliant!" Sherlock's head whips around to face John and for a moment, his calm and focused mask slips to show a small, secret smile and his cheeks turning red. It feels like a privilege to be shown this, just for him.
"I thought that was Mycroft's doing. All that ended up happening was I continued my addiction and relationship with Victor out of spite."
"Mary, talk to me. What's going on? Or can you not talk?" Sherlock gabbled. "That's it isn't it? They're controlling you too."
“Yup. I guess it will be another few weeks of us staying at home and watching crap tv between cases.”
I read your letters, by the way. I'm sorry for leaving you worrying for so long, but thank you for thinking of me and your concern about the radio silence on my end. Your idea of me working as a detective for the police isn't too bad. Actually, it's one of the few careers I could seriously consider working out for me. Everything else seems to required far too much interaction with other people or skills I don't wish to waste time learning. To be a detective I'd just have to practice deductions a little more and have minimal interactions with witnesses and police officers. I'll have to think of the name myself though. I can't have you taking all the credit for my own job.
"Mary Morstan," John looked up at Sherlock, "Remember? The girl who gave me her number but I forgot to call her?"
John shrugged with a coy smile. "I consider my opinion of a high value, and that is the only price I am willing to offer to people who need my services."
"What would you like me to make him say next?" There was a pause, like the person controlling John was considering what to do next. They settled on having John say "gottle o' geer, gottle o' geer." Patronising. Humiliating. Yet John remained seemingly indifferent.
John caught up with Sherlock as they entered the block of flats the suicide-murder had taken place. It was completely abandoned, with no furniture and plastic covers covering dust coated banisters. The floor boards were creaking and a cold draught made its way through every corner of the house. Sherlock spotted how John couldn’t suppress a cold, nervous shiver as he put the blue protective suit and latex gloves on. Sherlock was already dashing up the stairs, having only bothered with the gloves. Scotland Yard trusted him enough to not contaminate the crime scene. His experience and pristine sense of hygiene was enough.
John watched as Sherlock laughed, the orange sun beams from the sunset dancing on his pale face (John tried to imagine Sherlock with a tan: it didn't work). He couldn't help but appreciate that even though Sherlock hated most people, he liked John, and John made him laugh. It was an honourable position to be in.
"Wait, he is?" John glances over his shoulder at the boy in question, and Sherlock kicks him. "Ow! What was that for?"
"I don't know why I went out with him." Sherlock murmured, barely above a whisper, slurring his words. But John was close enough to understand.
Mary pauses, searching Sherlock's face for sincerity. Then she laughs, a cold, cutting sound that makes uncertainty flicker behind Sherlock's calm facade. "Oh, Sherlock. You don't know? You haven't worked it out?"
He shakes his head. “No. I didn’t want to be… that guy, you know? I’m not possessive by any means. If she has friends, then they’re her friends. I trusted her.”
"For someone with such a high IQ, you don't have a very extended vocabulary. I think you use that word more than anything else."
“She - she had other priorities, I suppose.” Namely joining Moriarty’s network, John guesses, but doesn’t voice out loud. “She had an agenda when she married you, and later me. I don’t know how much I’m supposed to tell you, or how much you want to know. Hell, I don’t even know if I know enough to tell you.”
John can only stare, anger and disbelief and fear bubbling through him, hot as bile. “Joseph, is there anything else we can help you with?” He asks, not taking his eyes of Sherlock, who seems only slightly confused.
John there. He needed his voice to ground him, his hand on his shoulder, his dark eyes to spot something obvious that Sherlock had looked over when searching for the smaller details. But a part of him predicted that meeting Mary would be dangerous, that she'd be defensive, incalculable in her behaviour, though he never thought she'd be actively seeking harm. Anger was usually the best way to get John to safety.
Sherlock is playing a game he vaguely remembers from his childhood - airplanes? Yes. He's running, laughing, his arms spread as he avoids tripping over the small mounds in the field near his house. He looks over to his right - John's there, playing airplanes with him, as though it was the most natural thing in the world. John's hair looks surprisingly attractive in this lighting...
Mary shakes her head with a scoff. "You don't mean that. Even you can't deny, it's all in the past, John."
Moran's straight face slowly creeped into a sly grin. "Fine. I'll valk over to you." He walked briskly forward, too quickly and threatening for John's liking, and John tried to step back only to find the maze wall blocking his escape. Then he noticed the flash of silver in Moran's other hand, glinting against the moonlight.
They smiled at each other – still a bit nervous, but feeling more and more familiar as the moments went on.  Sherlock was the first to move.
John startled a little, clearly surprised, but relaxed again almost immediately. “Sherlock, that feels amazing,” said John softly, rubbing his hands up Sherlock’s back.
Sherlock looked down at John with a grin.  “I really am,” he said softly.  He looked a bit nervous then, and his eyes scanned John’s face, seeming to check that they were going to pick right back up from last night.  John gave him a reassuring smile, and gestured for Sherlock to take the other chair.
Months passed with no word from John.  The weather warmed.  The Belstaff coat was dry cleaned and packed away, and crisp cotton shirts moved to the front of Sherlock’s wardrobe.  Mrs Hudson had thrown all the windows open, and the air inside 221B Baker Street smelled sweet and vaguely floral.
Musing on whether he could justify waking Sherlock up just because he was hungry, John reached instead for his book and a hat, and decided on a compromise.  He’d just pull open the curtains enough to open the sliding doors to the balcony, and if that amount light “so happened” to wake Sherlock, then so be it.  With a silly little smile to himself, he grabbed his phone off the charger and a bottle of water from the fridge, before starting his stealthy exit.
Sherlock ran his large hand lightly over her downy head, and spoke in a low, quiet voice that made John’s skin tingle.  “Oh dear, I’m sorry.  I forgot about you for a moment – you’d been so quiet, my little friend.  John – can you take her off me?  I don’t know how.”
Turning back towards John, Sherlock bit his lip for a second, considering, then put both hands on either side of John’s face and bent down to kiss him passionately.  John melted into him, consumed by the kiss and surprised-pleased-embarrassed that they were making fools of themselves in front of this Italian family.  They stayed there for a moment, enjoying the contact, before Sherlock broke off and dashed back to collect his phone from the girl, who now had an enormous smile on her face too.  John chuckled – clearly a bit of romance had been required to cheer her up!
Sherlock felt a tingle in his belly and found the mental image of John in the shower, John under the covers of his bed, John hunched over and pulling, tugging on himself, was giving him quite the physical reaction.  Sure he’d been uncomfortable in the past, torn between wanting to listen and knowing he should respect John’s boundaries.  But this felt different.  This felt… possible.
As Sherlock’s head popped back into the changing room, John looked down at his legs, bemused.  Shapely calves indeed!  What a ridiculous compliment.  How very Sherlock. He drifted back towards his own stall to change back into his clothes.  As he took the new things off, he glanced at the prices and blanched when he realised.  €70!  For a plain t-shirt!  And €125 for the shorts.  Even accounting for the reasonably good exchange rate with the British pound, John was horrified.  Never in his life had he spent that kind of money on one casual outfit.
“Nonsense, John!” Sherlock said cheerfully, “This is fun.  We can both wear our new things this afternoon.”
John didn’t believe him, and carefully lowered one foot into the water from the safety of the edge.  It was cool, but not unpleasantly so, and given how hot John was currently feeling, it was ideal.  He carefully rested his sunglasses on the side of the pool away from the steps, then took the stairs quickly down into the pool, moving swiftly past Sherlock, and dropping into a surprisingly tidy dive.  He surfaced about two-thirds of the way down the pool, already feeling refreshed.  He couldn’t remember the last time he’d been swimming, and he gave a small “whoop” of pleasure as he swam the rest of the length of the pool slowly before pushing off the other end and making his way back to Sherlock.
John nodded – he’d assumed if Sherlock was on a renovating run, he wouldn’t leave his own room untouched.  It had been years since John had seen inside, and even then he doesn’t remember actually having gone in.  It had always seemed sort of “out of bounds”, though even as he thinks that now, it seems a bit silly.  Maybe he’d developed a bit of a thing about it?  Certainly Sherlock had no qualms about being in John’s space – John had woken up with a start on more than one occasion to Sherlock looming over him in bed, wondering why John was sleeping so late (6.30am), enquiring if he’d come find Lestrade (midnight), or asking whether John had any fishing line Sherlock could borrow (3am).
“Yep, suits me.”  Sherlock headed back inside, and reappeared minutes later in deep purple shorts, a loose white button up linen shirt, and Wayfarer sunglasses.   John licked his lips.  Sherlock looked like an ad put out by the Maltese Tourism Board.  He laughed to himself at this thought, as though Sherlock would ever deign to appear in an ad.
“No, you really shouldn’t have.  You did everything right.  I wouldn’t have let you in, and I wouldn’t have admitted that I needed you even if you’d forced your way in.  I just wanted to wallow for a while. Feel really, truly terrible.  That the world was a truly awful, unfair, hideous place.   And then… I don’t know what changed.  I got your card – that was unexpected by the way – and I liked the stationery.  I remember thinking ‘I like this stationery, and it doesn’t seem very Sherlock to have this sort of thing laying around’.  And then… I don’t know what changed.  I think I just ran out of energy to be angry and full of hate.   I kept looking at your card, and at Rosie.  And I knew that whatever Mary was, whoever she really was under all the lies, she did genuinely want me to be happy.  And she wouldn’t want me sitting alone with our daughter in a dark apartment.  She’d want me to make it up with you.  And she’d want us to be doing our Sherlock-and-John thing.  She always liked that, you know?  Never jealous, or worried.  I guess that’s one thing I did love about her.”
After a while, John realised Sherlock’s breathing had changed.  Instead of the calm, steady flow from before, he could almost hear…
“I am, now you’re here.  Are you feeling ok?  Or a bit overwhelmed by it all?  I don’t want to push you.”
Sherlock nodded seriously, shifting down in the bed so he was fully on his side, watching John as John rolled back to stab repeatedly at the plethora of buttons on the bedside table.  “Bloody hotels,” muttered John, eventually finding the right one.  The light switch had a pleasant dimming effect, so they were eased darkness.
“The question!” Sherlock jumped up with a start.  Where were those FAQs?  Finding the paper had fallen just to the side of his feet, he leant down and snatched it up again.  “Here we go – I didn’t read this closely enough earlier.  There’s a question on here:
“Sherlock… please.  Can you let me get this out?”  Sherlock nodded, and John continued. “Actually, I think it’d be better if you came over here so I can see your face.”  John gestured at their chairs, encouraging Sherlock to get off the sofa and come over.
Round and round they went, chatting and laughing a bit.  John told Tim that he was a doctor, and Sherlock was a detective.  Tim was markedly more interested in Sherlock.  What 10 year old wouldn’t be impressed? Tim peppered Sherlock with questions and Sherlock answered them all frankly, though seeming to edit somewhat for Tim’s age, which made John smile.  Wouldn’t edit himself for any adult they’d ever met, but for this 10 year old it seemed no trouble.   Tim also clearly liked that Sherlock was trying to make it as difficult for John to catch as possible, and John took multiple dives into the water as Sherlock’s passes became increasingly erratic.  On one occasion, John emerged from the water spluttering, holding the ball aloft, to see Sherlock drop a wink in Tim’s direction.  Tim beamed.
Sherlock paused, and his words sat between them in the stillness of the flat.  Lestrade looked past Sherlock, out the window onto Baker Street, and considered how peaceful the rain was as a backdrop for pronouncements like these.
John stepped back out of the kitchen, again feeling a rush of emotions and pain in his chest.  He remembered he was meant to be checking Rosie’s nappy, and gave her bum a bit of a sniff.  Even though it smelt fine, he decided he’d better change it now so she didn’t wake up unhappy in an hour.
Lestrade nodded.  That’s exactly how he’d expected Sherlock would feel.  He ventured an opinion, “I think that’s the difference between having the best flatmate of all time, and being in love with someone, Sherlock.  It sounds like you have feelings for him, but maybe it’s all just a bit new?  You don’t have to know straight away, you know.”
“Yes – I pulled down all the wallpaper and went for a much simpler look.  Isn’t it peaceful, the paint?  It’s called Grey Owl.  I like the way it looks with the white trim and the navy bedspread.”
“Ahh… no… they’re not really my… but if you like them then you should do it!”  John spluttered, trying to be supportive and failing miserably.
Sherlock chuckled at this.  Although he still felt self-conscious and unsure of where the boundaries were, he was pleased John was giving him such clear signals about what was acceptable.  He stepped back for a moment to get some more sun cream on his hands, then forward again as he resumed his spot, now rhythmically rubbing the cream into John’s chest, around his nipples, over his stomach, and skirting around the line of his shorts.  He could see John’s interest straining against his shorts and mused on his best next step.  Now he’d got here, he wasn’t sure what happened next.  What was John expecting to happen now?
John gave an apologetic sort of look to the concierge, who had opened her mouth to greet him, and hurried to catch up to Sherlock.  “Sherlock, I think breakfast is downstairs.  Look, you can see them seated, and there’s the buffet.”
“Here you go, sweetheart.  Come back to me.” John whispered softly to Rosie.  He held her in the crook of his arm as he removed the carrier from under her legs, and handed it lightly to Sherlock, who took it automatically.  Sherlock laid the carrier on the bed and resumed his barrier building while John gave Rosie a cuddle.
Sherlock had a split second to decide whether to shout at John not to go, but even as he started to think that through, John jerked the door shut behind him and the cab pulled out into Baker Street.   Sherlock could text him… but he found he didn’t want to do that either.  What he really wanted was to think.
When he finished, Sherlock could hear his own breaths.  Hear John’s breaths.  Could hear John thinking.  He felt John release his hands, heard John’s chair push back from the table, and prayed to a god he had always sworn he didn’t believe in that John was making his way around the table.  He opened his eyes again just in time to see John’s face coming closer, his face blazing with love and pride and hope.  Sherlock pushed back his own chair to make room for John, reached out, and John fell into his arms, desperately.  They clutched at each other, kissing relentlessly, harder, faster, deeper, until they were both out of breath and grasping each other tightly.  Then they stilled, resting their foreheads together once more.
Sorry I've been taking so long to update! Hopefully I will be getting back to semi-regular updating soon.
Mcgonagall gave them fifteen minutes to get ready, telling them that Janine would go first, with John going second and Moran going lady, then left the tent with the other teachers. As soon as she left, Mary and Sherlock came in.
"No, it's brilliant. I'm - thank you," Sherlock smiles excitedly at John, which he can't help but reciprocate in relief. "So. Which one are we seeing?"
He looks up at Sherlock, who is standing in the doorway, lips parted in awe as he sees the tiny person in John’s arms. “John,” he says again, unable to say anything further. John smiles and nods, unashamed of the tears currently streaking his face. His hands aren’t free to wipe them away anyway.
“I just chased after a potential serial killer in a cab,” John breathed out, giggling, “Yet somehow, that’s not the stupidest thing I’ve ever done."
"You were stabbed by Sebastian Moran - I'm guessing you already knew this seeing as you were facing him when you were attacked. The blade was laced with Dark Magic, which means that your blood loss was higher than the norm and it will almost definitely leave a scar. However, Moran stabbed you in the side, avoiding vital arteries and organs. He also used your wand to shoot red sparks into the air, alerting the professors quickly to come to your aid and avoiding being seen at or associated with the scene of the crime by not using his own wand. You see, unlike the other victims, he never meant to kill you; it was a warning directed at me.
John's stomach twisted at the idea of it, but he knew that Sherlock had relapsed, somehow, and that Victor knew. Victor may even have been responsible for it. It wouldn't be surprising if he was: he seemed to reek of arrogance, of control over Sherlock. John hated him with a passion.
“Not all of it. I like being with you in pubs. And going out clubbing with you. I liked how relaxed you got after a couple of drinks, and how you’d laugh so much more, without worrying about coursework or money or your family.”
Sherlock jolted upwards, moving his limbs away from John like he was fire. "What happened? Did I hurt you?"
"Not...not exactly. People actually have to be there. For hugs and sympathetic smiles and all that."
The urge to go and visit John became irrepressible, but there was no way he'd be able to sneak out without getting caught.
He spits out his blood onto the floor and stares defiantly back at the man, even with his vision slightly blurred. (Damn, concussion.) With any luck, he’ll find Sherlock to be a hopeless case and take a break for a little while, long enough for Sherlock to figure out a plan of escape. “I don’t work for anyone. I don’t know anything,” he says weakly.
"I thought I'd show you some of the things I do when I have nothing better to do. You have board games, I have James Bond." John presses play. "First up: Goldfinger."
"Meretricious. There's also the obvious fact that at three this morning you texted me an entire rant about the pointlessness of charms at this stage in your student career."
Oh, how ironic. How painfully, hilariously ironic, that the person the fates were drawing Sherlock to, the god of the dead, is the god of spring and rebirth, life itself in palpable form. Sherlock can’t help but chuckle.
He tried to sit himself up, to carry on helping the other soldier, but the pain was too much, like a weight that spread all over his chest, compressing his lungs and stomach. So instead he focussed on breathing, shakily and made hoarse by anxiety - please don't let this be it for me. Please god let me live.
John grins. “Alright. Let’s go.” He puts on his coat then picks Rosie up. “Want to go out for a walk, Rosie?” He says in a soft, playful voice. “Are you going to cry and make a ruckus as soon as we enter? Annoy some posh old Tories like your daddy did when he first got in the club?” The smile she gives is nothing short of mischievous and it fills John with affection. He kisses her forehead. “That’s my girl.”
“Well, I’m glad.  I… I don’t know what I expected, but I’m glad we’re here.   I’m glad you’re here.”
Sherlock nodded, “Not so much.  Though I’d be open to it if that’s more appealing to you.  I just quite like the idea of offering a home to someone who doesn’t otherwise have one.  I think we’d be good at that, you and I.  We know people aren’t perfect.  We know kids aren’t perfect.  And I think we’re better placed than most to help a kid out who’s had a rough go of it so far.  We could adopt, eventually, or not, if we find we like fostering.”
John thrust upwards harder and harder as Sherlock rutted into him urgently.  Any sense of rhythm was gone. John gripped Sherlock’s perfect arse in his hands as he keened, “That’s good Sherlock, come for me… come for me… come for me...”
John gave a polite smile and a nod – he’d always been awkward in clothing stores – before heading back to the changing rooms.  “Sherlock…” he called, conscious that while they seemed to be the only people in the shop, he was also unclear which of the four stalls housed one Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock fidgeted; his earlier anxiety long forgotten.  John could just imagine the Google strings he was constructing in his head. “choke + sex + why” / “choke + sex + pleasure” / “autoerotic asphyxiation physical reaction”.  Mycroft would have a field day with their search history.
Sherlock smiled a little and ran his hand down John’s arm to grasp his free hand.  He couldn’t remember having ever taken John’s hands in his before… though probably in the hospital on one or two occasions he would have.  Now he felt John’s skin, rubbed his thumb over John’s knuckles, and gave John’s hand a squeeze.
“You do want to be in a relationship with me, right?  I mean, we’ve had a great day and it seems like you’ve really enjoyed the kissing,” Sherlock rolled his eyes at this, but with a fond smile on his face, “but you haven’t actually said what you want… you know… about us.”
Sherlock gave a shocked laugh, and lifted up immediately.  “Oh my god, John! Why didn’t you say something?  I must have been crushing you.”
“You want to tell me.  You’re almost giddy with it.  Which makes no sense, because you wanted this to be a surprise.  You haven’t mentioned going away, and you certainly hid your packing and planning.  It’s not just that you failed to mention it; you actively took steps to make sure I didn’t know.”
“Are your parents here?”  John looked around the edges of the pool, sure a parent would be keeping an eye on Tim.  He wasn’t young enough for there to be a real concern about water safety, but John imagined any parent would be keeping a close-ish eye on their son talking to strange men.  Sure enough, he caught the eye of a woman in her late 30s, wearing a pink one piece swimsuit, a surprising tan, and a wide brimmed hat, who was leaning forward and clearly checking that Tim was ok.  John gave her an acknowledging head tilt, and a bit of a wave.  She waved back, not looking terribly concerned.
book stores and toy shops that we could visit in London, if you decide that this topic interests you.  We count mount an adventure on Sunday, if you like.”
“Excellent, you’re here!  Now, did you decide you want to get those shorts, or do you want to see what other colours they have?   You didn’t even look in the “Magical” section – the patterns appear only when you get wet!  I know you aren’t much one for a pattern unless it’s checks, and I don’t think they’ll have that here!”   Sherlock chuckled to himself as he continued to touch all the accessories within reach.
Just when John could stand it no more and had decided he was ravenous enough to justify shaking Sherlock awake, the balcony door opened and Sherlock stepped out in only his pants, stretching his arms widely as he squinted into the bright sunshine.  John gulped as he took in the expanse of pale skin, lightly muscled and moving gracefully from the sliding doors out towards the edge of the balcony.  John’s eyes ran from Sherlock’s toes to his outstretched fingertips, marvelling at the man before him.  He was utterly beautiful.  John shook himself and tried to stop staring, only managing to return his eyes to Sherlock’s face when Sherlock angled his body towards John, resting his bum on the balcony railing as he spoke.
John snuffled a little, feeling he ought to be embarrassed by his tears but honestly so overcome that he didn’t care.  Sherlock kept kissing John’s face, showering him with love.  “Sherlock…”
They stood like that for many minutes, absorbing each other and enjoying soft kisses as they ran their hands over each other.  Sherlock moved up to kiss John’s forehead, his cheeks, the sides of his eyes.  John groaned as Sherlock pushed him firmly against the wall, pulling Sherlock down to his mouth again as he felt Sherlock getting hard against his stomach.
After a few minutes breathing in tandem, Sherlock reached over to turn off the lamp and picked up the pace on exploring John’s body, no longer just softly stroking his side but moving to touch and kiss a path down John’s neck and chest before shifting up to kiss John’s mouth, hard.  John’s eyes shot open in the darkness.  This was new.
John nodded slowly, acknowledging Sherlock’s words.  “I’m glad you did – truly.  That was a bit of a surprise, but I don’t want you to think that it was a bad one.  I just didn’t know, and now I do.”  He smiled tentatively, hoping Sherlock could see it in the low light of the bay.  “How about this?  I don’t know exactly what I think about having children.  I’m in my 40s, and it hasn’t happened, and I honestly got to the point years ago that I assumed it was never going to happen.  But I’m open to the idea, and if it’s as important to you as you’re telling me it is, then I think we should find a way to make it happen.”
John chuckled quietly at this – it was very “Sherlock” as a thing to say.  Sherlock smiled against John’s neck as he felt the chuckle rumble through John’s chest.  Not just a hug, but he’d earned a laugh too – things were looking up!
John groped around under the covers with his right hand, feeling for Sherlock’s left.  Once he’d found it, he wove their fingers together and pressed it to his mouth for a kiss.  He rolled back onto his back and cradled Sherlock’s hand between both of his, resting it on his chest.
Sherlock snorted at this.  “Yeah, well.  Not like I’d have known what a weird thing to say to a flatmate was anyway.  You should have told me!  I can fix that.”
Obediently, Sherlock moved his hands onto the table top.  He turned his right one over, wrist up, and John reached for it, taking Sherlock’s pulse automatically, even as he cradled Sherlock’s forearm.  It was intimate and reassuring at the same time, and Sherlock took a deep breath and tried to force himself to calm down.  This was it, then.  The other shoe was dropping, and it was going to crush him.
John slowly opened his eyes at Sherlock’s querulous voice and turned around to catch Sherlock’s uncertain expression.  As hard as John was, and as clearly as he knew what he wanted, the sight of Sherlock’s worried eyes brought him straight back to himself.
side of the wall for erosion.  With one hand holding Sherlock’s shirt, John had reluctantly allowed Sherlock to lean back over to take photos, and smiled slightly as he heard Sherlock mutter, “Marvellous, just marvellous,” as he inspected the masonry.
“Can I ask you something, though?”  John paused.  “Just because I feel like maybe we did skip over something.”
“Yes, really.  Today was perfect.  And I don’t mean in the cliched “what a perfect day” way, I mean literally from the moment that I woke up until this moment right now when you let me hold your hand, I have been truly, blissfully happy, in a way that I have never once been in my life.”
"Ahem." John jumps back and turns around, to find Sherlock stood there, arms folded, one questioning eyebrow raised, strangely calm and collected for a man running on far too little sleep and far too many coffees. If it weren't for his pale skin, dark eyes, and the dampness from splashing his face with cold water making his fringe stick to his forehead, he would look the same as he did when he first entered. John instantly flushes with embarrassment at being caught out.
They eventually arrived at the tower and looked over the lake. Sure enough, flying above them and due to land soon, was a carriage, silhouetted by the orange sunset, flown by multiple flying horses. Because, what other way is there to travel an entire school to another country?
John Watson, unbeknownst to most is actually the sidekick of the infamous boy-detective Sherlock Holmes who made the front cover of the Daily Prophet last year for recovering Kitty Hilling's ministry files, which contained data for a vast number of secret schemes and plans for which potential dark wizards would pay through the nose for. So press and attention is something John wasn't completely unused to.
"Exactly. So once I came to this conclusion, I went through each of their contacts, looked for a shared phone number, texted it pretending it was one of his victims back from the dead to damn his soul or whatever, and now we wait."
"Miss Hawkins will be going first, then as soon as she has completed her task, Moran will go next, then Watson. Good luck, Champions. Miss Hawkins, if you would follow me now, we will make our way to the stadium."
“Wonderful,” Irene smiles once the list has been read out completely. “Now, if nobody has any problems - “
“Oh, I don’t know," he snaps, suddenly frustrated that Sherlock is refusing to believe his judgement. "Maybe because you’re Sherlock Holmes? Internationally renowned and revered detective? Because you’re the smartest man in every room you walk into? Because despite the fact that you're acting like a huge cock right now, people actually need your help! And at the moment, you need my help, so if you could get your head out of your arse and let me help you, that would be -” His rant cuts off half way when Sherlock - or maybe John, it’s all so much of a blur - crashes their mouths together.
The first one to face the Milverssen was Janine, so John waited in the tent and tried practicing clearing and focussing his mind. He listened to the commentator, who was describing what was happening and, apparently, translating the confrontation between them. Apparently, the creature was telling her (in French) and the audience about Janine's boyfriend and the fact she was seeing someone else here while he stayed in France. It also mentioned something about a snow globe she once stole when she was eight (not getting a particular interested reaction, as far as John could tell, from neither Janine nor the crowd, so it carried on sadistically describing Janine's antics with the not-official-boyfriend she was with now.) commentator shouted across the gasping crowd, telling them the spells Janine was flinging recklessly at it in an attempt to shut it up: stupefy, muffliato, expelliamus, ariania exumai. It was the last one that did it - twenty minutes into her given time, it flung the Milverssen across the field and knocked it out cold. The audience applauded. John breathed steadily to soothe his lurching stomach.
John nods breathlessly and all but collapses as he sits on the sofa, his head leaning back against the back of the sofa and staring at the ceiling. “She’s gone,” he says out loud to no one in particular as he lets the words sink in. “She’s gone, and now I’m here. With Rosie. And my job at the clinic.” For a moment he feels bitterness feed into his anxiety, the hatred and anger that Mary would leave him without a second thought to just how difficult the next few months or even years will be.
“I thought that was rather obvious, isn’t it?” John replied, a gentle smile spreading across his face in amusement, entirely unaware and peacefully oblivious to Sherlock's panic. His irritation flared.
They were in the east chamber of the Great Hall, along with the other Champions and their friends and families. John’s own family would have been there, he was sure of it, had it not been for the anti-muggle protection charms all over Hogwarts’ grounds. So instead he was there with Sherlock, Molly, Greg and Mycroft to compensate. When John glanced around the room, he saw Janine was gabbling excitedly at Mary and an older man and woman whom John assumed were her parents. Moran, meanwhile had no one with him except his head teacher. The Durmstrang Head was talking in a serious, hushed voice while Moran nodded along.
"When I have my consultant detective business set up," Sherlock grumbled later as they kicked up leaves, casting 'Accio' everywhere only for nothing to appear, "I will be able to choose better cases. Not dull ones, with missing jewellery or murders where the culprit is so obvious that Lestrade could solve it. And I'll get paid for it."
"They lack your...subtlety," Mycroft replied, pausing at the last word as he cocked an eyebrow at the completely un-subtle way that Sherlock was glaring at him. "And remember, you still owe me a favour."
.” Sherlock moaned as the kisses on his neck become rougher - light bites and suction, teeth scraping against the sensitive skin there. “Those ancient Greeks, they never had it far from their mind.”
"Holmes, we're going to need you to move." He heard a voice say. Slughorn? Flitwick? He couldn't tell. He reluctantly moved anyway, allowing his fingers to brush against John's wrist with a sense of finality (John's not dead, you idiot, stop it) before standing up. The stretcher floated upwards and was magically carried into the castle, teachers and healers by its side. The audience was watching, students and the few parents leaning out of their seats to look at the source of the drama, and Sherlock wanted to scream at them. John was not a spectacle, a display for people's attention. Couldn't they see how disrespectful that was? John was hurt. John could be...
John looks up at him. “You do?” He wants him to deduce it, to spit out into the world the information no one else can say, as he always does.
John smiled to himself until eventually, he spoke. "You really hate the idea of me enlisting again, don't you."
Greg had signed the next card in wobbly handwriting and devoid of his usual jokes and friendly comfort. John supposed that Greg was busy with whatever the hell seventh years do about this point in the school year and moved on. There was a card from Janine in French (John didn't bother translating it to know it had the usual well-wishing that was required of people), a card from McGonagall (infamous for her Gryffindor favouritism), then finally a card with Sherlock's shorthand scribble on the envelope. John picked the envelope up, heart thumping warmly in his chest, a smile forming on his face. He knew it was needlessly romantic and cliche (he could see Sherlock rolling his eyes and scoffing in his mind's eye, saying "it's the same as everyone else's card, with the usual 'get well soon I miss you' message.") but he took his time opening it, admiring the effort Sherlock had gone through to get the card: wasn't an easy task getting Sherlock to leave the castle to go to Hogsmeade.
Sherlock turned and glared at the boy behind him. "Mycroft. Did you just come down here to insult me?"
"No." His skin heated up, though he would blame this on the weather and the boyfriend currently curled around him, rather than any sort of embarrassment or prudishness. John called it adorable that he couldn't make requests, even innocent ones, without blushing. Sherlock found it humiliating. "Here. Specifically. In bed."
" The others join in, then dissolve into laughter. Even Sherlock can't contain a small smile, having heard the song once or twice on the radio. Robert rolls his eyes, concealing a grin.
"Wait, slow down." John had to grab Sherlock's wrist to stop him from leaving. "I - I have another solution."
This sounds really paranoid, I know. I probably have no reason to worry. But it's been over a week since you've replied and you normally only take a few days. I know you're probably busy but I just want to make sure you're okay and coping with exams alright. Write back soon?
"Clearly." Janine leant in to look at the spine of the book. "Charlotte Ozymander? I didn't take you to be a magical creature-person."
The man feigned a disappointed look. "Shame. It really is a shame. Well, if your mind is made up, I guess I should probably leave."
His mind diverted to Sherlock, how he wore a shirt and trousers pretty much everywhere, and how Sherlock would inevitably look better than everyone else in his dressrobes, how the outfit would frame and cling and flow away perfectly in the right places. Merlin.
Sherlock’s eyes widen in surprise, a small grin growing. “This is going to be a rather long night. Not particularly productive if you want me to sleep.”
When they enter the cottage, Mrs Holmes is in the living room reading. "Oh, boys! Is that you? I thought you weren't going to be back for a few hours."
"I -- I don't know," Sherlock admits, his voice quieter now. John knows this is a weak spot for him, that he got rid of any excess information he didn't wish to understand as soon as he could, especially about the planets and stars. His dad's taunting - whether he was aware of this or not - is cruel.
“Yeah. I figured it was about time. I want to give my fair share of the rent too.” He looks over his at Sherlock to gauge his reaction: he’s frowning at his plate, stabbing at his pancakes with his fork. John saw it coming. Sherlock was already fairly suspicious at the idea of John interacting with anyone on the outside world, sulking on the sofa every time he went out for a pint with Greg or Mike at the weekend. It’s partially why John made him pancakes this morning to soften his mood. “You okay?”
Sherlock smiles and blushes into his coffee, newly reassured. But just for good measure, he glances back at the mechanic, who has now had the good grace to turn his attention to cleaning the counter. Good.
“It means I don’t work for the police. I help them out on the occasion they need it - which is almost always - and I also take private clients on occasion in exchange for money. Angelo Senior was one of them.”
"Students, teachers and parents," Mcgonagall began. "Tonight comes the third and final round of this year's tri wizard tournament. For which, our champions must go through this maze to the centre, where the triwizard cup lies. The first champion to reach it within the hour is the winner.
"I'll think about that later. For now I'm just going to... Bask in the glory and euphoria of being picked."
'Focus, Watson," He told himself firmly as he lifted Mary up in the air in time with everyone else and saw Mary giggle in delight. They had practised this choreographed routine before, once or twice, after the one dance lesson a teacher gave the students. It never really went to plan - Mary would either step on his toes or John would forget a move. "It's tradition." Mary had pointed out every time John asked what the point of it all was. Tradition or not, it was a stupid idea. The chances of someone getting injured from this dance alone was probably ten times more likely than in an actual task. Given the choice, he'd take the Occamy over the Yule Ball any day.
He indulges in watching Sherlock as he plays, the way he minutely sways to his own music, the way the tips of his fingers vibrate and create such beautiful sounds. Before, such an indulgence would lead to guilt and averted eyes, but now he's allowed. He's allowed to look, and admire, and not hide the love in his eyes, even when Sherlock looks back at him with a smile playing at his lips.
Sherlock’s lips are on his in an instant as he leans over the counter. He pressed their lips together softly, a sweet ‘hello’ kiss that made a small, surprised noise form at the back of John’s throat. (They’re allowed to do this now, John realises, not for the first time, but with the same giddy shock as the first realisation). He’s been craving this - they both have - since he left Sussex. When they break apart, John's arms still around Sherlock's neck, they are blushing and smiling with relief.
Back in the room, they took turns showering then collapsed on the bed.  They’d both been rather quiet since Tim’s departure with his family, but pleasantly so.  The silence felt companionable, like Baker Street.  Sherlock pulled out his book, a paperback on Roman Londinium, and flopped onto the bed on his stomach, propping himself up on his elbows while John lay on his back.  He didn’t even pretend to crack a book open, just let sleep overtake him.
He noticed then the neat woven basket with a small selection of soft toys that was resting in the corner of the mat.  He crouched down and leaned in, taking out the top toy.  Unlike Rosie’s other soft toys – knitted woollen bears in soft whites and pale pinks, and fluffy pink rabbits with Liberty print ears, all gifts – these weren’t recognisable animals, and none of them were pink.  Upon closer inspection, this first one was a sloth, with long fingers and wide eyes, gazing back at him.  As Rosie grabbed for it, he released the sloth to her and she gave a gurgle of delight, whacking John with it to show her pleasure.  He reached into the basket to get the next soft toy – what appeared to be a teddy bear in a dark green smoking jacket with a bow tie and a full head of hair.  He laughed to himself and turned around to Sherlock, holding the bear out.
The next chapter will come quickly - it's an epilogue I've had drafted for ages if you guys are interested in that.
Apparently Sherlock had the same problem. There were days when John would leave his classroom and head for the Great Hall for lunch, or to the lake or the forest to see Sherlock, and Sherlock would meet him halfway there and drag him by his wrist to some hidden corridor, wordless, and John couldn't even stammer out a question before Sherlock had himpressed against the wall, kissing him eagerly .
"I know that, Mister Moran." Mcgonagall said calmly. "This is simply a test of your mental strength, your ability to clear your mind, to withstand its attempts to identify your pressure points and use it against you.
At that point, the commentator outside announced Moran to be finished, with an impressive 28 points, and was the winner of this round. John decided, as he walked out of the tent hand-in-hand with Sherlock to the Great Hall where they would be seeving lunch, that he could not care less, ten thousand galleon prize be damned.
He brought him into St Bart’s, into lab room 2, to meet a potential flatmate. John wasn’t holding out too much hope - at best, he expected someone he’d never have to interact with, except for small talk at breakfast or about the occasional bill. At worst, a complete weirdo who collected Russian dolls or something like that.
“After that, I have two tickets to a music concert. Nothing fancy, you probably haven’t even heard of it. I have the tickets here -”
Sherlock smiles slightly and a faint blush creeps up his neck. John wonders if (hopes that) this happened every time John has complimented him. "Thank you."
"Quarantine! Quarantine's gotten into me! Every time I turn the TV on it's the stupid news talking about this stupid virus. Every time I've had to do a video call with my grandparents all they can talk about is the virus and how empty the shelves at their local Waitrose are. I've had to help my Mother do online calls with her seminar groups on no less than four separate occasions. Four!"
The carriage finally arrived and the four of them walked into the great hall, walking off to their houses' tables; Greg and John sat on the Gryffindor table on the far right, Sherlock  sat with the Ravenclaws next to them and Molly sat with the Hufflepuffs. Sherlock observed from a distance as Greg and John sat there talking (probably about the girl John met on holiday. Heterosexual boys - or bisexual, in Lestrade's case - rarely talked about much else. Sherlock pondered whether sexuality could affect IQ, and if he was straight, if his IQ would be affected ) until the doors to the Great Hall opened and Professor Flitwick walked in, leading in the first years, who were only a little taller than himself.  Sherlock saw some of the girls 'aww'ing at the smaller first years,  including Molly, to which he responded with an eye-roll and the critical, yet truthful, self-reminder that all the first years would be the same as the previous years': loud, stupid and annoying. He then remembered that, actually, all years in Hogwarts were like that. 'The sooner seventh year comes and goes, the better,' he thought bitterly.
"Thanks. I really think I'm going to enjoy it here. Everyone here is so lovely - much lovelier than my last job."
"Brilliant," John exclaims once he comprehends what Sherlock is saying, as he had spoken so fast from the sheer amount of caffeine-induced energy he is storing up. Sherlock blinks rapidly, apparently frozen by surprise. "Seriously, it's impressive."
"You're constantly staring at him, you get jealous whenever Mary so much as touches him, you're making him do study sessions so that he won't get hurt... That's enough to be going on with, don't you think?" Janine's smile was sympathetic. Sherlock loathed it.
"Sherlock, do you remember in our first year when a bunch of sixth and seventh year students went missing?" He emphasised the last word by making quotation marks with his hands, "Around October time?"
He clears his throat. Change the subject. “Well, I’m so used to just being called your assistant by our clients and news articles about us, it would be nice to be respected for a change.”
As they eat together in silence and the hangover is elevated, John finally is able to think, all his thoughts rushing back at once as he freezes mid-bite on a gingerbread man's arm.
"Left it at the flat when you ran off with me to the crime scene. If I had known a bit of excitement and adventure was all it took to cure you of a psychosomatic limp, I would have murdered someone ages ago. Or I would have just taken you to a crime scene."
He wasn't all that surprised when he saw that it was now only Mary and him in the tent. Only slightly guilty.
John's first impression is that he can't remember anyone else looking so put-together at two in the morning in his entire three months of the night shift, neither emotionally unstable nor on the verge of falling asleep on the table. He walks into the coffee shop with purpose, his eyes as bright and alert and blue as the midday sun reflecting on the sea, and his clothes are unwrinkled. Most people's clothes at this time are scruffy or uncoordinated out of pure exhaustion, or even just a coat over some pyjamas. But this man wears a suit, impeccably dressed as if he had spent hours primping and choosing what to wear, what product to have in his hair, what shoes suited his outfit. Or maybe this comes naturally to him, rolling out of bed with perfect curls and throwing on whatever he could find. John looks down at his own outfit - a jumper stained with coffee, old jeans loose from weeks of lacking the motivation to eat, and an ugly plastic cane by his side - and resists the urge to be self-conscious.
“You’re very confident for someone about to come out to your parents,” Sherlock remarks. He’s right, John is confident. Or at least trying to be. He’s been distracting himself with his work, wiping down the used coffee machine and counter and tables until they are pristine while reassuring himself that it won’t be all that bad.
"I have wanted to. Some of the cases have been preventable. But there's only so much I can do on my own, isn't there? And,” John chuckled lightly, “I would be depriving you of your cases. I don't really want to do that to you and leave you in a sulk until the next one comes along."
“Well, they’re not exactly on good terms at the moment, are they?” Sherlock pulls away, his hands at John’s elbows. They’re still standing very, very close and his heart is still beating very, very rapidly. “Relax, John. Mary and I will be back within the week. I’ll find her.”
John chuckles. “That’s the spirit.” He passes by with Sherlock’s plate of food, hands it over, then as he returns to the kitchen, his hand reaches over to Sherlock’s hair -
It is rather curious you chose this photograph of all things. But I suppose you may not get much opportunity to be photographed. And you're proud of your rugby achievements, I'd imagine. I've never been one for sports so I wouldn't know.
"He won't. He hasn't noticed for years." Sherlock reassures him with a smile while he continues to giggle, almost hysterical as he realises just how weird and wonderful his life has become.
The man glares at him. "Fine. The... 'Espresso Yourself', please. A double." He struggles to get the words out, as though it is causing him genuine pain. Maybe it is. John makes the most of the delayed words to appreciate the man's voice, so dark and smooth John could probably get a drink named after it (if he knew the man's name.)
“Girlfriends aren’t exactly my area. I don’t think I’ve technically had a boyfriend before, unless a fellow student who gives you blowjobs in exchange for tutoring them counts?”
John relaxes slightly and grins back, putting his journal back in his back pocket. "Modest and insulting in one comment. Nice."
Anyway, please right back soon, so I know you weren't completely scared off by what I just said. You probably were, weren't you. Sorry.
He carded his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, exhaled softly, as Sherlock preened at the touch. He was distantly aware of himself shaking, his heart beating so hard he was sure John could feel it as strongly as his own. “So where were you? Some exciting case or other?”
“What other reason can you have for asking me for help after that eloquent speech you gave me this morning about letting you ‘do your damn job’.”
The distraction isn't working. I still can't stop staring at the door and expecting it to open with a vet about to tell me the bad news.
Janine sat opposite to him. She folded her arms on the desk and stared at him, her eyes narrowed in thought. Sherlock sighed, "if you're going to interrogate me, can you keep your voice down? We're in a library, and I'm trying to read."
Irene: 3 - He’s a pirate. You said you loved pirates. Didn’t you want to be one when you were like 8 or something?
“How? It’s not like I ever told - “ John trails off when he sees the raised eyebrow, the one that says, ‘Please. Don’t humiliate yourself by questioning my methods’. “Right. Sorry. You’re here and that’s what matters.”
"Even if you did see it, there's nothing you could have done," Sherlock cut across his thoughts, his voice a low, comforting rumble. "We expected for the attack to occur backstage, hidden from view. Would have given us time to catch up with him. Not from the audience. Hiding in plain sight. Rather clever really." Sherlock exhaled shakily. Jon couldn't help but feel that this was for the benefit of Sherlock himself, not for comforting John.
“Well I did decide to wake us up at seven in the morning on a school holiday. Rather stupid of me, really. Unless I’m working, I rarely get up before twelve.”
Normally Sherlock would hate that he made a mistake, especially one so simple as which cab would have a serial killer in it or not. Mistakes like these normally sparked sulking and tempers and refusals to eat or sleep. However, between the endorphins and adrenaline, the way John’s face was flushed and his chest was rising and falling quickly as his breaths came out in pants, and the way Sherlock’s chest tightened fondly at John’s comment, Sherlock couldn’t care less about the taxi passenger. He moved so he was pressed against John and pinning him to the wall, claiming his mouth with his own roughly and possessively.
The next day, Sherlock woke to his phone on his bed stand vibrating. He reached for it immediately, and his heart jump when he saw John's name appear on the screen. He couldn't tell if it was a positive feeling. He pressed on the button and put the phone to his ear. "Hello?" His voice was croaky and sleepy from just waking up.
It seems ridiculous to want to meet after only 12 letters and 3 phone calls. In a way, I barely know you. Not properly. I don’t know your characteristics or what your extended family is like or your favourite food or what clothes you normally wear (I still have your photo of you in your rugby clothes, but somehow I don’t think you wear that on a regular basis). You don’t really know those things about me either. But then again, these are things you’re supposed to learn when you meet them. And I think I know enough to know I like you and the meeting won’t end in uncomfortable silence or one of us storming off after being insulted by the other. Besides, imagine how much more practical it will be to have conversations face to face instead of waiting for the other person to reply in these journals or using the landline to call each other (I do have a mobile phone, but Mummy confiscated it off me after I tested its durability with different chemicals. It's surprisingly tough, in case you were wondering.)
“Yeah but, it would be nice if she could talk to me, you know? Solidarity, and all that. We’re facing the same problems in the same household.”
There was a moment of silence, where Sherlock was considering an answer - or whether to answer at all. "Well, for starters I would make sure that Yanovich didn't bring his damn children along."
it's a possibility the same would apply for you. But then again, you seem like someone who is unusually tolerant and easily impressed, so I may as well.
On the fourth session, he has had eight hours of sleep, his nightmares easing somewhat in their intensity. Sherlock still wins most rounds. John starts to suspect he is just a bad player.
“No, she’s just waking up. Wants to say hello, that’s all. Might need feeding in a bit,” John takes her back and gently rocks her. He coos, “is that right, love? You want to say hello to your godfather?”
He took a shuddered breath and rested his hands on his stomach. He went over in his head everything he had realised, multiple times, before closing his eyes and attempting sleep.
The detective inspector clears his throat, making the two of them suddenly aware that there were, in fact, other people in the room. "So do you think the ex-boyfriend did it?"
Around 6, Sherlock gently woke John with a light hand on his calf.  John blinked, a bit confused about where he was, to see Sherlock sitting at the end of the bed by his feet.  He said softly, “John – it’s 6pm.  I thought you might like to go out for dinner?  Totally fine if you want to keep sleeping.” John shook his head a bit to clear it, then groaned a little.
“Yes – it was time for a refresh.  The old stuff had been here for ages before you and I first moved in.  It’s actually the same pattern, but I got new stuff.  I can’t believe anyone still makes it, but I liked it.  No bullet holes, no blood stains, but same old busy Victorian pattern.  Same-same-but-different, as the kids say.”
“You’re amazing”, whispered John, softly grazing Sherlock’s belly as he lay back down.  Sherlock gasped a little at the skin-to-skin contact, new as it was.  John was so warm, so alive.  Sherlock kissed John’s neck, John’s collarbone, John’s sternum, moving steadily across his chest and down.  John opened his legs a little so Sherlock could rest between them and press his weight more fully on John.  This change of angle felt good, so good.
He’d done everything in his power to show he was different after his return.  That he could let Mary into their partnership.  That he loved John enough to do that, even when she felt like an intruder from the start.  Every smile, every meal, every wedding planning meeting – all for John.
Sherlock slowly nods at this, considering.  He has known that others are watching the two of them work.  He’s aware of the snickers and sometimes he catches an eye roll from one of the detectives, as if saying “Look at them, at it again.”  He’d thought they were being juvenile, children, assuming no adult men could live and work together without there being more to it.  He’d also mostly thought that it was because Sherlock was annoying them, but now he wonders if they all could see what he was too blind to notice.
Flicking his eyes to the door to the stairs, musing idly on whether he should check if John was ok, Sherlock decided John would yell out if that was necessary.  As disinclined as Sherlock was to help with these things, he knew John would eventually lose patience if it really mattered.  And so his eyes flicked back to the ceiling and he waited for John to appear before him with an explanation.  John was predictable like that.
“Yes, of course, Sherlock.  I promise I will.  But I really need you to believe me when I tell you that this week was perfect, holiday-wise and sexually.  And that’s not a phrase I ever thought I’d say!”
John enjoyed this spectacle for a moment – it had been a long time since he’d seen Sherlock this gleeful – and then did a double take as he took in the room.
John smirked even as he was surprised by this exchange.  He’d have thought Sherlock would have run at the first hint of flirting, but here he was leaning right into it.  John squeezed out sun cream onto his hand.  Sherlock turned his head back around, and stared out to sea.  John felt overwhelmed for a second that they were both here, that this was going so well.  Taking a liberty, John pressed a quick kiss to Sherlock’s shoulder, then started rubbing the sun cream in broad sweeps across Sherlock’s back.  Sherlock shivered a bit at the sensation – the cool cream, the light kiss, John’s warm hand.  It was an intimacy he hadn’t known before.
Sherlock snorted at this, and had the good grace to look a bit embarrassed.  “Yes, well.  I’ve never had such good reason to be safe, now have I?  She’s your daughter, John.”
Sherlock nodded, looking serious.  That made complete sense, though in all his self-absorption today, he hadn’t spent a lot of time thinking about how John’s day must have been.
John smiled at this, thinking back to his own time at school, and how important those things had seemed at the time.  In the military too, actually – badges and honours and things that didn’t really exist in the “real” world.  He missed that feeling sometimes, of good work being rewarded with something visible, tangible.
John took his sunglasses off and schooled his face into something more relaxed.  “Oh, mate.  No worries.  Sorry that I swore, I was just a bit startled, that’s all.”
“Can I…? I mean, I don’t know exactly what you’re thinking… but would it be ok if I kissed you?  Or is that too soon?”  John looked hopefully at Sherlock, scanning his face to see how Sherlock might feel about that.
As Sherlock bent down to inspect the gift, a tender smile on his face, John picked up the accompanying note that had been propped in front of the frame.
Lestrade agreed, quietly.  He loved the idea of a bold declaration, and had enjoyed momentary visions of himself and Sherlock flying through London traffic with the blue and reds on, pulling into Heathrow Departures with a flourish, and Sherlock tearing down the terminal after his one true love.  But that wasn’t very Sherlock, after all.  As impulsive (and infuriating) as Sherlock could be, he could understand wanting to get this one right.  It was John, after all.
They ended up down on the St Julian waterfront, seated out front of a local restaurant lauded for its seafood and Maltese specialties.  Their table had a stiff white tablecloth but was otherwise perfectly casual, and John enjoyed the light breeze as they silently studied the tourists drifting past.  Lots of sunburnt faces, wet hair fresh from evening showers, with the women and daughters in floaty sundresses and the men and sons in loose cotton shirts with shorts.  As the waiter cleared their plates, John smiled to himself, enjoying the classic summer uniforms of European holiday towns.  It felt delightfully timeless.
Sherlock dutifully leaned closer and down, so John could put the carrier on him.  He’d never had something like this on before – it felt like a school backpack had been put on the wrong way.  He squinted at it, as he felt John’s hands smooth along his lower back and clip the strap closed.  He closed his eyes, revelling in the touch, and breathed out deeply.
Sherlock shook his head and cuddled John more closely.  John chuckled as he realised how Sherlock’s stubbornness might look a bit different if they were in a relationship.
Sherlock twisted his head around to look at John, eyebrows raised.  “You’re not so bad yourself, Doctor.”
As the cab pulled up outside Speedy’s the following evening, Sherlock whizzed out with both suitcases, leaving John to pay, as usual.  Mycroft had held firm on the upgrades, much to Sherlock’s annoyance, and they’d been seated in the absolute back row.  John hadn’t minded one bit, content to hold Sherlock’s hand and canoodle when the flight attendants weren’t looking.  Sherlock, on the other hand, was sure that Mycroft had actually meddled to get them allocated
A cab!  For John, alone!  Sherlock didn’t think he’d ever known John to do that.  John, who protested the expense of shared cabs for years, before giving up and acknowledging that Sherlock wasn’t going to change his behaviour.  It’s not that Sherlock didn’t like the Tube – he did, the system was very clever and efficient, and worked well for the rest of the city’s people – but it wasn’t as good as whisking through London’s streets with full visibility around him and John by his side.  Just the two of them.
Sherlock nodded again, still not speaking, but John could feel Sherlock start to relax.  He dropped his head down to John’s chest then, breathing in John’s skin and softly running his fingers over John’s injured shoulder.  “This is good,” he said softly, his voice slightly muffled against John’s t-shirt.
home, as an ‘us’.”  Sherlock made air quotes with his fingers. “We’ve never done that before!  And everything’s different.  Shouldn’t we mark the occasion somehow?”
John gave Sherlock’s hand a squeeze, aware of the depths of this disclosure.  How incredibly private and tightly-held a hope this must have always been.  “Sherlock…”
As they clambered out of the cab, John did a slow spin and took everything in.  “Wow, this is amazing.”
“That’s ok – it’s maybe the most comfortable chair I’ve sat in in my entire life.  I don’t think I need it to rock.”
“I know,” Sherlock said softly, looking back down at the paper in his hand.  “I believe him, you know.  Not that I wouldn’t – he’d have no reason to say that he loved me if he didn’t – but he’s also written an answer for
Sherlock looked alarmed now.  How did Lestrade know?  Clearly John had told him.  Had John told Lestrade about his feelings before he’d told Sherlock?  That didn’t seem like John – he was a very private person – and yet clearly Lestrade knew more than Sherlock expected.
“Yes... she is.  She’s often on the floor at this age – she’s ok.  She likes to crawl around a bit.  I’m trying to encourage her to start walking, but she doesn’t seem particularly interested in that yet.   By all means watch her closely, but you’ll find she won’t get too far…  I just need to fix these straps for you as you’re quite a bit taller than me and it won’t be comfortable for you the way I have it.”
John quirked an eyebrow at this.  He was deeply unconcerned about Sherlock calling him ‘John’, and in fact strongly preferred it to being called ‘Old Bean’.
He let it sit on his desk for days, so he could be very sure that that was the message he wanted to send.  That he wouldn’t have regrets once he relinquished it to the Royal Mail post-box.  Without touching the note, he came and sat with it multiple times a day, reading and re-reading it.  And then, a week later, he knew it was time.  He scooped up the card, slipped it neatly into its matching envelope (really, where had this stationery come from?), and painstakingly wrote John’s name and address on the front.  He smiled to himself a little – when had Sherlock last cared what someone thought of his handwriting?  And yet it felt important, so he wrote slowly and precisely, with sharp down-strokes and perfectly curved loops.
“Well, it says lots of things, I guess.  But relevantly to your original point – in response to the question,
He came out to find John in bed, under the covers but in a t-shirt like last night.  The room was warmer and Sherlock blushed a little, wondering if John had anything else on. He slowly unbuttoned his shirt, and lay it carefully over the chair before wiggling out of his trousers under John’s intense gaze.  Feeling rather exposed in just his pants, but feeling like putting clothes on was obviously counterproductive, he bit his lip nervously and drifted towards the bed.  Towards John.
“Look, I don’t want to lie to you, but I also don’t think that’s the right question.  I think what you really need to work out is what you want.  John’s put all his cards on the table, even though I think it almost killed him.  He’s terrified of jeopardising your friendship, your …” Lestrade waved his hand, gesturing around the room.  Sherlock nodded.  Lestrade went on, “It’s ok if you don’t feel that way, Sherlock.  Really.  I want you both to be happy, and sometimes we fall in love with people who don’t feel the same way.  If that’s the case here, John will be in pain for a while, but he will be ok.  You don’t have to reciprocate his feelings, and you may find that you feel differently over time, as the idea of John’s feelings settles with you.”
John would have laughed at the euphemism from a man usually known for scientific and medical precision in all things, but Sherlock sounded forlorn.  John thought for a moment, and then spoke carefully, aware of the weight of his words.
“The idea is settling.  It’s still a lot to take in, but I’m coming around to it.  I don’t really know what this means for us, to be honest.”
John spluttered and looked a bit offended at this, though he’d had an encouraging expression on his face until then.
Sherlock could see on Molly’s face how sure she was of her message, how she wanted to protect John, but also how precisely she could understood the impact on Sherlock.  How cutting this would be.
Sherlock scoffed, and thrust a menu in John’s hand as they passed a table.  Indeed, there were scrambled eggs and an assortment of other breakfast items on the list.  It wasn’t a very long menu, and certainly wouldn’t compare to the buffet, but there was enough to interest him.  Trust Sherlock to know that, having been in the hotel fewer than eight hours.  He slowly followed Sherlock outside, where he already was chatting in a friendly way to a tanned young woman in a navy polo, with long dark hair tied back in a ponytail.  She had her hand up to shelter her eyes against the sun, and was discussing seating options with Sherlock in lightly accented English.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, clearly writing John off completely.  John snorted.  Good to know some things wouldn’t change!
“Not a print out of your ticket then?”  Sherlock noted, as he looked at the page.  It was the first thing he’d said in ages, and it came out in a low tone.
Sherlock snorted, “Of course he’s a musical bear, John – he’s Chopin!  He plays six of his own pieces, and there’s a list of the songs and of fun facts in the back of his jacket too.”
“Also – dare I say it – I think you should talk to John about this.  Not just because I am so utterly out of my depth, but also because he’s the person who knows the answer to the question.”
“I… I think I might.  I don’t really know how I feel because I’ve never felt like this before.  But I know that John is the best man I know.  He’s my favourite person in the world.  I want to talk to him forever.  I want to listen to every word he ever says.  I like to watch him reading, and eating, and sleeping.”  Lestrade’s eyebrows raised at this, his tanned skin reaching up higher into his silver hairline and his face shifted into an amused smirk.
John snorted, casting an eye over the retreating family.  Clearly Sherlock’s deductive skills didn’t limit themselves to the British Isles.
John snorted.  Of course Sherlock was concerned that this English family wasn’t taking full advantage of the amenities.  Tim, however, didn’t seem at all concerned by the interjection.  “Oh yeah, Dad saw that.  There are buttons in the umbrellas and everything, did you notice?” he said excitedly.
“I guess... I guess I knew that.  I didn’t, hadn’t thought of it the way that Molly said, but I should have.  I had all the facts I needed to deduce that.  To know why you felt so betrayed.  To realise that this was your second time at the cemetery.  Your second time starting your life afresh.  Really your third, after… you know,” Sherlock waved a hand at John’s injured shoulder.
Sherlock grinned, pleased that he seemed to be getting his way.  “Course I’m sure.  Plus we’ll charge them to Mycroft’s credit card if you’re that worried about it.  I’m sure he’d want us to look spiffing on our holiday.  We can send him a picture!”
John opened his eyes, a bit embarrassed to be caught in that moment, to find Sherlock’s expression curious and open.  He clearly wanted to know what John had been thinking, and John felt Sherlock’s eyes flicking over his face, reading for clues.
Sherlock gave a light shake of his head, looking more confident, stood up straight again to take in the view.  “Wow, this is really something.”
Lestrade guffawed, his blush spreading right across his face and deepening into utter mortification.  This wasn’t what he’d signed up for.  He made a mental note to hit John the next time he saw him.  Helping Sherlock think the relationship through was one thing.  Discussing Sherlock’s sex life was quite another.  This was worse than giving his kids “The Talk”.  Lestrade laughed a little to himself as he suddenly wondered if maybe someone needed to give Sherlock “The Talk”.  If the answer was yes, Lestrade was outta there.  Time to call Mycroft.  He laughed to himself again.  He could only imagine what that conversation would be like.  Mycroft might bring props or pictures or something.  Or maybe he’d outsource it?  Lestrade squirmed and giggled again.
Without breaking contact, Sherlock pulled John through the sliding doors, leading him backwards into the room and away from prying eyes.  He nudged John’s chin upwards with his knuckle, bringing John back up to Sherlock’s mouth.  He carded his fingers through John’s hair and pulled softly, stroking the nape of his neck at the same time.  John moaned, thrusting again against Sherlock’s stomach.  Sherlock ran his hands down John’s back, up and under his warm shirt, breaking their kiss for a moment to pull it over John’s head and off, before doing the same with his own.
“Yeah.  Come back here.”  John pulled Sherlock up and kissed him full on the mouth again. “Ok for me to try something?”
“Well, I was googling around for hotels – I’d already decided on Malta – and they were all pretty expensive, it being peak summer and all.”  Sherlock nodded at this.  “And so I shut off my laptop and went to bed, wondering what my best approach was given the prices.  Then, mysteriously, the next day I got an email from the Hilton loyalty program, which I had no memory of ever having joined, with a generous discount offer for this exact week.  It said I could use the voucher anywhere in Europe, but the main photo in the email was of this hotel, and in the corner, in small white writing it said, ‘Hilton Malta’.”
“Oh yes – you know, I find it’s satisfying like an experiment is… you follow different recipes and you try different things, and sometimes they’re awful but often it comes together just like… like chemistry.”  Sherlock gave John a soft smile at this, and gave his hand another squeeze.
Lestrade’s eyebrows raised.  How they’d gone from the soul-searching, woe-is-me Sherlock of an hour ago to this cheerful mania, he didn’t understand at all.
John paused, slowing them down but continuing the movement.  He changed angles, reaching down to adjust them so their cocks were lined up next to each other.  “This should feel good.” Sherlock gasped with pleasure as John moved and Sherlock understood immediately.  Even through both sets of pants, Sherlock’s sensitivity skyrocketed.
John licked his lips as he took Sherlock in, shirtless and still hard in his shorts.  “God, you’re beautiful.”  Sherlock blushed, endearingly embarrassed by the compliment.
“Well… you know… I did some reading and all the books say it’s much better for kids to have baths and you can lean over and play with them and whatnot.  The whole shower thing would have been too hard.”
Lestrade purses his lips at this.  He knows what Sherlock is getting at, and this isn’t where he wants the conversation to go.  It doesn’t help anyone for Sherlock to feel scrutinised, or as though he’s the last to know.  It doesn’t help John, either, and ultimately that’s the most important thing.  Lestrade feels a rush of sympathy for them both, surprised at how much he wants this to work out, despite being an impromptu therapist on a Saturday afternoon.
“Sherlock, while your mind boggles with all the sex research you can do tomorrow, I’m going to go sleep.  It’s been a long and wonderful day.  But if you need anything else to occupy your thoughts while I’m being boring, consider this:  There are many
Sherlock smiled his quietly-content-with-myself smile at this, visibly pleased with his own designs.  He didn’t seem concerned whether John personally liked it, unlike John’s bedroom and the play area, but seemed to appreciate John’s approval nevertheless.   He leaned forward over the bed, going to move the pillows into a barrier, forgetting momentarily about Rosie strapped to his chest, until she gave a squawk of protest as her angle changed abruptly.
John just stared at Sherlock.  Who was this man before him, with an opinion on bedspreads and wall colours and showing such clear pleasure in having chosen this all himself?  The Sherlock he knew wouldn’t have said any of those words.  The Sherlock he knew hadn’t expressed a single opinion about the flat’s appearance in the entire time they’d lived together.
Sherlock considered this.  “No, I don’t think that’s the case.  I don’t feel worried about what he told me, and I don’t think I can ignore how John feels.  I’m curious, I guess.”
Sherlock looked up from his shoes with watery eyes, and instinctively brought his right hand up to rest on his chest, cradling his heart.  John idly wondered if it was his shot wound he was touching, or his brain was focussed on his emotional-not-physical heart.  Sherlock took a deep breath, and started to open his mouth.  He looked quite overcome, John thought.  Sherlock stopped and started again, his lips pressed together then releasing as he took another deep breath, jarring almost like a sob.
Though he desperately wanted to give Sherlock’s perfect arse a squeeze, he thought that was probably a bit fast.  Better go slow and not risk freaking Sherlock out.  They had time.
With a mischievous smile, Sherlock reached over and took the bear from John, neatly flipping him over and lifting up his jacket to expose his bacskside.  John chuckled – it was a bit undignified for the bear, after all.  Sherlock clearly saw where John’s mind was at, and smirked back at him, as though accusing John of being the immature one.  As he did, Sherlock’s long, nimble fingers pulled out a small green plastic wheel from a hidden pocket in the bear’s back.  He flicked a little switch with the edge of his fingernail, and then poked the green wheel back into place.  Once that was sorted, he pulled the bear’s jacket down and turned him over again, holding him out so he faced Rosie.  He wiggled the bear’s limbs so he did a little dance for her, earning a giggle, and then he lightly pressed his thumb to the bear’s tummy, and familiar piano melodies rang out into the still flat.
John looked dubious – he didn’t love having things bought for him.  He’d always been a bit weird about it, even in relationships; it made him feel like he was the poor kid at school again.  On the other hand, Sherlock clearly wanted to do this for John, and John was idly aware that this conversation was bringing Sherlock down from the giddy mood he’d been in since they entered the shop.
John and Sherlock both laughed at this.  Sherlock pegged the ball at John, clearly intending to take John by surprise.  John, who’d played rather a lot of grade rugby in his time, wasn’t concerned at all, and plucked the ball out of the air elegantly with his left hand.  He was pleased to see a moue of annoyance from Sherlock, as he turned and lightly passed the ball to Tim, who caught it easily with both hands and quickly punted it on to Sherlock, who caught it much more deftly this time.  Still not the catch of a person who’d spent years doing this, but not bad, John thought.
Sherlock didn’t respond, and John gulped as he opened the door and pulled the suitcase behind him.  Telling himself not to cry.  Telling himself he had always known this was a possibility.  Telling himself to pull it together.  That he’s a grown man in his 40s, and not a lovesick teenager.  But this doesn’t help, and he feels the tears gather as he heaves the stupid suitcase with its stupid wheels over the threshold and pulls the door shut behind him.  He stops a second on the landing, still trying to gather himself.  Even as he does this, he knows Sherlock will have noticed his footfalls stop, and know John is hiding behind the door.  This is the motivation John needs to get going, to head down the stairs to Baker Street and out the door to the airport where he can feel thoroughly sorry for himself without Sherlock’s scrutiny.
John shifted again, pushing his pelvis up towards Sherlock’s, seeking a bit of friction.  He felt Sherlock harden further, could feel his length resting comfortably in the dip between John’s thigh and his torso. He pushed up again, smiling as Sherlock gasped at the contact.  John was himself intensely hard, his erections from earlier that day coming back with a roar, and he could feel himself pulsing against Sherlock’s stomach.
Though they were both decidedly sticky and John idly thought of getting a flannel, he rolled onto his side, facing Sherlock but not quite touching, deciding this conversation was more important.  He leaned forward to give Sherlock a slow kiss and ventured, “Seems like that went ok for you?”
“Oh my god, John.  Here, let me spell it out.”  Sherlock threw his hands up in exasperation, a familiar movement that made John huff out a laugh even as he watched and listened closely for what came next. “I’m utterly in love with you.  I loved today, and I want to spend tonight showing you how much.  I’ve got no real idea what I’m doing, but I know you’ll show me, and I have complete faith that we’ll work it out.  Every particle of my being wants to be with you, and that’s enough.  I trust you.”
John said, “Eureka!” and hoisted the sun cream into the air with a triumphant grin.  Sherlock smiled indulgently, not having been remotely concerned about the location of the sun cream, and drifted back to the bathroom to spit and rinse out his mouth.  When he reappeared, he’d unbuttoned his shirt and shrugged it off, turning around and presenting his back to John.
John nodded quietly, knowing there would be time for more conversations later.  For now, Sherlock clearly wanted to show off what he’d been working on, and John was happy to let him.
John rubbed Sherlock’s back firmly, still holding Sherlock tight.  This time it was his turn to breathe Sherlock in, and he did so without embarrassment.  Sherlock also smelt like home to John – how funny that he’d never thought that before.  Subtle yet expensive soap from that fancy barber down in Curzon Street.  Sherlock’s hair curling lightly over his collar, his white collared shirt still neatly pressed despite being crushed against the chair cushions when John had arrived.  John could feel the pleasant knobbles of Sherlock’s spine as he rubbed his hand down his back.  For a gesture intended to comfort Sherlock, it was having a surprisingly calming effect on John himself.
John breathed a huge sigh of relief, and bought his hands up into Sherlock’s beautiful hair, touching it gently and cradling Sherlock’s head as he did.  They lay like that for a few seconds before John lifted his own head up a bit and whispered, “I love you, Sherlock Holmes.”  Sherlock kissed John’s chest in acknowledgment.  “Me too,” he said softly.
Reaching silently for his battered old suitcase, John pulled out his swim shorts, a soft green colour that pleased him as much today as the day he’d bought them, and a plain white t-shirt.
Sherlock pulled out his phone, tap-tap-tapping at it while John looked on with an amused expression.  He loved seeing Sherlock in action.
John smiled at this, and his heart ached at Sherlock’s open acknowledgement of John’s feelings.  Good on Lestrade, doing his part.  “Of course, Sherlock.  I know it’s not really dating, exactly, when we’re already here on holiday together, but we can take it super slowly.  I think it’ll be nice, spending time together away from work.  We can explore the island, and hang out here at the hotel.  I want to show you how I feel, and you can ask me questions, and maybe when you’re feeling ready, we can talk about how you feel?”
Sherlock pushed open the door and led John inside.  The room was flushed with late afternoon light from the far window; that sort of golden glow that makes everything warmer. The blinds were up, and John admired the new feature wall: a dark, sumptuous green that suited Sherlock down to a tee.  Against it rested a new headboard of dove grey, juxtaposed with crisp white sheets, white pillows, white everything on the bed.  The room was sophisticated, John thought with a start.  It felt surprisingly grown up; a real man’s bedroom.  It was posh, but not in a showy way.  How very Sherlock!  Clean angles everywhere he looked, high contrast between the white and green, and impeccably neat.   John idly wondered where all the Things had gone – the last time he’d been at 221B, there had certainly been a lot of Things.
“Exactly!”  John gave Sherlock’s hand another kiss.  “I think we’re going to be good at this, you and I.”
Sherlock nodded understandingly.  Other people would have reassured Lestrade that his wife had loved him like that; that surely others would love him like that in the future.  But that wasn’t Sherlock, and Lestrade wasn’t expecting it.
“Let me say this, and then I think we should stop talking about this for tonight – we can obviously keep talking other nights – we should finish our dinner.  And maybe sit on the couch and watch some telly.”  John nodded, and Sherlock continued, “You and Rosie are welcome here any time.  In any capacity you want to be here, for as long as you want to be here.  I know you have your key, but I also don’t want you to feel like you ever have to explain why you’re here, or text ahead to say that you’re on your way.
Lestrade knocked, and Sherlock called out “Come in!” even though they both knew Lestrade would anyway.  He entered, wearing a fitted grey t-shirt, dark jeans, and shockingly white trainers.  Sherlock squinted at him, “What are you
Sherlock looked utterly floored by this revelation.  He opened his mouth and closed it multiple times, seeming to think better of whatever he was going to say.  John let him think – he knew Sherlock well enough to know how important the processing was, and was comfortable with silence anyhow.
“This is your home, John.  And whether you want to – you know – do this,” Sherlock released one of John’s hands to gesture between them, before setting his hand back in John’s “Or, just be friends and go back to solving cases together…. That’s fine.  They’re both fine.  Anything you want is fine.”
With a sigh, Sherlock realised he would need a chair to get the suitcase down without injuring himself.  With a long-suffering sigh, he stopped craning upwards and whipped around, pushing past Lestrade as he headed back down the hall to the kitchen.  Lestrade gave a soft “oomph” as Sherlock went by, but didn’t actually protest.  Sherlock grabbed a kitchen chair and came flying back down the hall, noting Lestrade had moved safely into the room now, and was sitting awkwardly on Sherlock’s bed.
John smiled at this – how unlike Sherlock!  And yet, what the last few days had shown him was that Sherlock was full of surprises, even after all this time.  For all the public oddities and certainly the quirks of living together, there was a confident, happy, satisfied Sherlock that had appeared on this trip that had nothing to do with crimes, experiments, science, or The Work.  It reminded John of the first time he’d seen Sherlock play the violin.  How Sherlock was so utterly himself, so languid and absorbed.  It felt pure.
Sherlock looked back at the horizon and grinned, not acknowledging John’s words.  John rolled his eyes and decided he’d deal with that battle when it arose.
John sat too.  He’d been leaning his hands on one of the chairs, facing Sherlock as he cooked.  Now he pulled out the chair and sat opposite Sherlock, who was now shaking steadily.
Sherlock nodded, understanding immediately why John suspected Mycroft must be involved.  “Of course.  Can’t help himself, can he?”
Sherlock looked a bit surprised, but agreed readily.  “Won’t she fall off the bed?  I did… I mean I really did think about buying a cot, but then that seemed a bit extreme, and I didn’t want to freak you out… and then...”
“Ah… No.  Good thinking, but this is Mycroft’s speciality.  No point having one’s big brother running the entire country if you can’t use the perks.”  Sherlock fished his phone out of his pocket, noting the time (4.23pm), and then sending a text, fingers flying.
“Well, trust me Sherlock, it’s always work when it involves you,” Lestrade smirked.  Sherlock frowned a moment before realising Lestrade was joking.
“No, look, I know you weren’t blameless there.  I know you goaded the secretary into it, and I’m not sure I’m really over that, or will ever get over that.  But… that was you being you.  And I’ve seen you do that countless times with incredible results.  This city, this country, I – we’re all better off for your deductions.  For your brilliant mind, and your impulsive streak.  And I think over the last few months I realised that I couldn’t have all this respect for you, and all these incredible memories of our cases together, and yet hate you for the one time it went wrong that had consequences for me…. That’s not fair to you.”
Sherlock, who had been silent through the conversation so far, interjected.  Without John noticing, Sherlock had come much closer, and was only a foot or so from John when he spoke.
John’s face dropped and he looked mildly horrified.  “You showed Lestrade?” John grimaced as he tried to remember the worst of what was on there.  “It wasn’t really intended for his eyes, you know.”
“Hardly! Though I was tempted.  I’m bloody famished.  But look at you in just your pants!  Someone’s feeling good this morning.”
John’s eyebrows shot up at the use of the word ‘boyfriend’.  That was new.  Sherlock didn’t see John’s surprise, as he was clearly trying to ensure the unsmiling-but-technologically-capable 17 year old daughter took the phone, not the charming-but-incompetent parents in their 50s, who had both reached out their hands with indulgent smiles on their faces.  Ha!  Trust Sherlock to secure the right talent for the job.
“You know what I mean.  Why do you look…” Sherlock waved his hand dismissively up and down Lestrade’s body, “like that?”
Back up in the room, John was rummaging through his suitcase, looking for sun cream, and Sherlock was brushing his teeth as he drifted around, picking things up and putting them down again, inspecting every cupboard and drawer.
Lestrade smiled easily back at Sherlock, “Well, he certainly knows you well enough.  What does it say, then?”  He felt pangs of curiosity, and wondered if Sherlock would hand it over.  It was probably private, but then he knew Sherlock’s interpretation of privacy was rather different than others’.  50-50 chance Lestrade would get to read it, he reckoned.
John chuckled, “No, I suppose he can’t.  Though I have to say, we’ve done pretty well for ourselves.  Wait til you see our view in the morning.  It’s incredible.  I don’t think I’ve stayed in a hotel this nice in my entire life!”
Twenty minutes later, Sherlock was bouncing on his feet by the room’s door, book and hat in hand, water bottle in the crook of his elbow, and yet more sun cream stuffed precariously in the pocket of his swim shorts.  John was lingering, pottering around inefficiently, and Sherlock was Ready. To. Go.
Sherlock nodded slowly, and continued reading.  He didn’t look up.  His face remained steadfastly neutral, and a last piece of John’s heart broke.  This wasn’t going how he’d hoped at all.  He decided it was time to cut his losses, grabbed the handle of the suitcase and turned towards the door, leaning the suitcase forward so it could roll on its wheels the old-fashioned way.
“Yes, I think so.  I always wanted children; always had this idea of being a father, making a child feel loved and supported.  Teaching him useful things.  Making sure he was never lonely.  Always had someone to talk to, and show things to.”  John’s heart hurt at this, thinking of Sherlock as a boy, curly haired and alone on the playground.  Sherlock continued, “When I realised I wasn’t… you know… that I wasn’t really the sort of person anyone wanted to have children with… I gave it up.  Just assumed it wasn’t meant for me.  It’s been years since I even thought it might be something I could do.”
Sherlock tried to imagine John sitting down and writing this.  How it must have felt to pre-empt Sherlock’s question, and to answer it.  Sherlock knew that John liked sex.  He’d certainly overheard John’s enjoyment often enough in the early part of their relationship.  But not recently; there had been no women for a long time now, Sherlock reflected.  Now it was John alone that he could hear sometimes.  Soft moans, muffled bedsprings, long showers that ended with a stifled groan.  Sherlock thought of those now, considered the implications.  That John had been lonely.  That John had sorted himself out because there was no one else to do it for him.  That maybe he’d been thinking of Sherlock as he…
They stood like that for long, silent minutes.  John’s face relaxed and he breathed out slowly, letting himself enjoy the contact.  Rosie seemed to understand this wasn’t her moment, and sat quietly in her carrier, legs kicking occasionally as she grabbed onto Sherlock’s thumb, which he’d pleasingly rested right in reach.  John resisted the temptation to stroke Sherlock’s back, surprised that that felt like the right thing to do.
“No, Sherlock, that’s not what I meant.  You don’t need to be sorry.  This was always the plan – that I’d tell you and then leave you to think about it.  I knew what I was signing up for.  Honestly, it could have been a whole week of this.  I always knew that was a possibility.”
John laughed, and ruffled Sherlock’s hair familiarly as he said in a sing-song voice, “I’m proud of you.  Now, what do you think?  Teeth then pyjamas, or pyjamas and then teeth?”
“Good, I’m glad to hear that… I know Rosie probably still gets up in the night and I thought you’d like somewhere to sit while you settle her.  But then I worried that it wouldn’t rock, and maybe you wouldn’t like it, and maybe I should have chosen one of the chairs that really is for nurseries and not this one that’s really for you, and….”
Sherlock looked John up and down, and smiled.  He loved seeing John like this – relaxed and a bit giddy.  He turned back to Alessia, who looked amused at them both.  Sherlock tried to summon some embarrassment for two grown men taking such pleasure in their seating choices, then decided he didn’t care.  “I will have scrambled eggs with toast and some fresh tomato slices.  John will have the same, but add some avocado for him, will you?  Plus two orange juices and I’ll have an English Breakfast tea, please.  John – latte for you?”
Sherlock gesticulated to the chest of drawers – showing how a changing mat could go on top “just so”.  John felt overwhelmed by the changes.  The kindness.  The huge thought and time that had gone into all this.  Sherlock’s expectant face, radiant, almost giddy with pleasure at being able to show John what he’d done.
“Good!  Now come over here.  Let’s try this hug thing, then.  And if it’s horrible, you can tell me.”  Sherlock thought John sounded altogether too cheerful about the idea of their hug being terrible, but scooted up the bed nevertheless.  After a mildly awkward moment as they worked out how to arrange themselves – fair to say this was an overthought hug – Sherlock reached for John, draping his long arms around John’s shoulders and pulling him close, just as John’s arms went under, circling around Sherlock’s sides and clasping his back.
John chuckled at the idea that it could possibly be terrible, when he’s already so hard he’s worried the Velcro on his shorts won’t hold.  “Ok, then.  But for the record, not one single part of me is worried you’ll be terrible.”
John thought a moment about how best to put it.  For him, it was unequivocal, but he knew it might not be so simple for Sherlock.  “Let me put it this way, Sherlock.  I don’t know how you’re feeling right now, but I’ve never felt like this about anyone in my entire life; nothing’s ever come close.  And that you are here with me, having this conversation, holding my hand, and will let me hold you in bed tonight, means more to me than anything ever has.  I don’t want to freak you out, but even if we never take it further, this will be the most romantic holiday of my life.”
John looked back at the bathtub and felt a bit overwhelmed.  The amount of love (and money!) that had gone into this was really something else.  As sweet as the play corner had been, this was a totally different order of magnitude.  What a thing!
John gave a grim smile of acknowledgment.  “No, that was the one thing you were wrong about.  I wouldn’t print out a ticket – they’ll know who I am.  This is for you to keep.  It’s… ah… it’s sort of an FAQ on what happened just now.”
Lestrade laughed.  “Fair.  Look.  I don’t know what the answer is about the touching stuff.  I’ll just say this – and bear with me because I am awkward as fuck when talking about sex and frankly this is not a conversation I ever expected to have with another adult man.”  Lestrade took a deep breath, pausing for a moment as he thought about how best to put this.  He considered his marriage, his sexual experiences before and after, and how to relay them in a way that would help Sherlock out.  He made a mental note that this was probably the most awkward conversation of his life, but decided to proceed anyway.  No eye contact, because how could he?
“Me too.”  Sherlock smiled at John cautiously, and they held each other’s gaze.  Without letting go of John’s hand, Sherlock shifted around so he was facing John square on, one leg bent on the bed, and the other trailing off the side.  This was more comfortable, and facilitated Sherlock’s continued inspection John’s face.  John did, in fact, look relieved.  His face had relaxed, and Sherlock realised how much tension it had been holding these last few months.
Sherlock squinted at the screen.  What a useless answer, even from Mycroft.  Nevertheless, he stepped back from his dresser and turned to face his wardrobe.  Up on top, his suitcase was in its usual spot, waiting for the next adventure.  Sherlock stood on tiptoe, reaching his long fingers up to grasp the wheel and pull it down.  Instead of giving easily and sliding neatly off as it usually did, the suitcase felt resistant.  Heavy.  Reluctant to bring it down on his own head, Sherlock tried to remember if he’d been storing things in it.  Books?  An experiment? Maybe he’d forgotten to unpack from his last trip?  That didn’t seem terribly likely.  Not that Sherlock was particularly neat generally, but he was generally fastidious about his clothing.
“Yes, John wrote it for me.  He said it should answer some of my questions, and that I could text him if I had more.”
John rolled his eyes at the description of them as old men, particularly given the incredible body before him, but declined to comment, instead inspecting the ladder down into the water below.  Perfect!  He took off his sunglasses and dropped them into the bag with his phone, book, water, and room key, intending to make his way over to it.  Sherlock stopped him.
“Christ!” exclaimed Sherlock, as he gave an involuntary thrust into John’s hip.  He was getting harder by the second.  John grinned in the darkness, pleased to have elicited this reaction even as he realised Sherlock was genuinely shocked.
Sherlock snorted and looked more closely at the paper.  “You wrote an FAQ on this conversation?  I… I don’t think anyone has done that before.  That is a very odd thing to do.  I was… you know… here.”
Sherlock looked glum at this, and John wondered if Sherlock was plotting how to scare this one off too.  None of the others had made it past a few dates as soon as Sherlock got wind of them.
John paused then, looking reflective.  His mouth was suddenly dry and he realised he’s done a lot of talking, and Sherlock had been watching him closely.
John laughed to himself again, even as he felt a pang in his chest – he’d missed this.  Missed the casual intimacy of a man he knows so well, who himself is always looking outwards, always looking for that next adventure.  And he can see, so clearly, how much effort Sherlock is making to understand Rosie, to show John that he cares, that there’s room for them both in his life.  John lets the pain and sadness settle alongside his warm feelings – there’s room enough for them all.
“That might be so, but John knew.  He told me he’d be leaving for the airport between 10.15 and 10.45 and that he expected you’d text me sometime after that.”
The two looked out to sea for a bit, enjoying each other’s company and the cooling breeze of the early evening.  The humidity was gone from the air.  John closed his eyes and breathed deeply in and out, aware that the air temperature seemed so close to his skin temperature that he couldn’t tell where he ended and the air began.  It didn’t matter, he supposed, but still – made a difference from London.
“1661, John!  That’s when the arches were built.  Can you believe it?  And there was a roof back then too, though that was removed 1775 after a rebellion by the clergy…”
“The gang’s all there, indeed.  I can’t believe you’re ready for my child to have a bath at your place - she’s got a better set up here than in her own home!  And since when did you have a bathtub?”
Sherlock drank in John’s excitement.  John deserved everything.  All the views.  All the best hotels.  Sure, this was nice, but for it to be the nicest of John’s life gave Sherlock a little tightness in his chest.  He wanted everything for John.  All the happiness.  He gave John’s hand another squeeze.  John squeezed back, seeming to understand.
John chuckled and caught Sherlock’s eye.  Sherlock looked quite overcome for a moment, then made his way to the edge of the pool as Tim clambered out.  He pushed up and out of the pool in one sinuous movement, water rushing down his pale back as he got his knee under him and stood up to shake Tim’s father’s hand.  John couldn’t hear the exchange, but could see the surprised smile and raised eyebrows on Tim’s father’s face as he clearly worked out that it was “That Sherlock”.  Tim stood, dripping, beside his father, grinning up at them both as his head swivelled between them.  As the exchange ended, Sherlock looked down at Tim, putting out his hand to shake Tim’s.  This clearly was the cherry on top for Tim – to be treated with such respect by Sherlock was clearly more than he expected.  He put his small hand in Sherlock’s large one, and shook it solemnly.  John grinned.  Bloody good day.
“No, Sherlock – I know there’s more to say – and I hope we’ll have more conversations about this and the rest.  I think we owe that much to each other.  But before we go further,” John gestured between them, “I just want to say that we’re ok.  You and me.  We’re ok.  That’s what I came here today to say.”
“I was thinking… upstairs to get our books and sun cream, grab some water, then back down here and we choose a pool to sit by?  I don’t feel the need to go terribly far today, do you?”
Tim turned back to Sherlock and John and said earnestly, “Thank you, Sherlock.  Thank you, John.  That was brilliant!”
“Um… sort of.  Not in a relationship sense, obviously… but I think while we’ve lived together that’s something that I’ve known is important to me, but it always felt kind of petty as a thing to say to you.  It is, in fact, probably a very weird thing to say to a flatmate.”
“Come on… let’s get back to the hotel.  It’s high time I cleared any doubt from your mind about how I feel.”  Sherlock nimbly stood, pulling John up with him, and tucking John’s arm into his so their bodies were touching all along the side as they walked.   “And no more chat about children.  Tonight is about you and me, and we have the rest of our lives to work out the rest.”
to go further, at some point… and I’d be lying if I said the answer wasn’t yes.  But,” he rushed to add, “That’s not now, and we’ll cross that bridge when we come to it.  If you ever decide that you want to cross that bridge, I mean.   I’m just glad that we’re here together.  Really, truly.”
“No, really I do.  You’ve made me feel amazing today.  More loved than I expected to feel in a lifetime.”
He looked over to catch Sherlock’s eye, wanting to share the moment with him, and found Sherlock staring at him thoughtfully, a small smile on his face.  “Hey,” breathed John, and he reached over to take Sherlock’s hand, where it was resting lightly on the table.
Sherlock gave a deep sigh as though he were terribly long-suffering, and released John, leaning back into more of a seated position.  “Fiiiiiiiine.  I’m up.”
“Greg”, Lestrade said absent-mindedly as he looked around Sherlock’s room.  He hadn’t been in here since the last drugs bust, years before.  It looked much the same, though pinprick neat.
“That’s great!” said John with sincerity, thinking that it’d been a long time since he’s had a chat with a child, and that he’d forgotten how enjoyable it could be. “How old are you, then? Still in primary school?”
“Shall we go back downstairs?” said Sherlock, after a moment.  “I’ve got some rather nice dinner ingredients if you’d like to stay.”
Two new messages.  One, from Harry at midnight, wishing him a safe flight, and a second, from Lestrade at 6.48am, that just said,
“Language!” John responded immediately, shooting a look at Tim, who didn’t seem terribly concerned.  Sherlock did have the good grace to look a bit guilty.
The next morning found Sherlock and John up by 9, showered and ready for adventure.  Sherlock had bounded into action, keen to show John his research from the night before.  He’d determined it was time to leave the hotel grounds and visit Malta’s capital, and that they could breakfast there.
“Even then.  I’m not saying I won’t freak out – I think that’s overambitious, and frankly you know me better than that – but I think I’d like to know what you’re thinking, and then at least I’ll have all the information.  You know how I like to have all the information, John,” Sherlock winked at John, and this lightened the mood.
John huffed out a laugh.  “You took the words right out of my mouth.  That’s precisely what I was going to say to you.”
Tim nodded enthusiastically as Sherlock muttered, “Speak for yourself,” under his breath, and the three moved towards the far end of the pool.  As they moved, John took a look over the edge of the pool to where their deck chairs sat below, ensuring their stuff was still there.  Comfortable that it was, he sorted himself and Tim into a triangle shape, with Sherlock standing further into the pool, given his height advantage.  Tim immediately launched the ball at a surprised Sherlock – it hit his chest with a wet “thwack”, and Sherlock made an inelegant clapping motion, managing awkwardly to keep the ball from hitting the water.  John laughed loudly at the sight, and Sherlock looked mildly injured.
When he arrived, he smiled to see that Sherlock wasn’t really that far ahead of him at all, seeming paralysed about knee-depth into the pool, halfway down the stairs.
“God, no, you look perfect.  I was just thinking that you look like an ad for being on holiday – like, you know, you’re the chap in the photograph, leaning off the sailboat with joy, encouraging other Englishmen to come to Malta and see the sights!”
John eventually pulled back from the embrace, aware he’d been silent for a length of time that was likely to worry Sherlock.  He shuffled back a bit on the bench so he could make eye contact with Sherlock and take both Sherlock’s hands in his, before taking a deep breath and preparing to respond.  Seeing this, Sherlock beat him to it, scanning John’s face rapidly as he spoke.
Sherlock nodded.  “That’s true.  Thank you for the FAQ.  Lestrade thought that was hilarious, by the way.”
Sherlock pursed his lips, looking a touch uncertain.  “But that can’t be right.  You’ve been in relationships before.”
“Yes, yes. But you know me.  Once I’ve made up my mind, the game is afoot!”  Sherlock threw Lestrade a mischievous grin and continued rummaging through his drawers.
Sherlock smiled sadly, “No, I know how that sounds.  I don’t say it to make you pity me.  It was just a fact.  And I moved on, don’t get me wrong.  I love my life.  I love Baker Street, and our cases, my experiments, and living with you.  And I doubt I would have had kids before now anyway – I had things I wanted to achieve before I did that.  But then, I think the pleasures of today caught up with me at dinner.  That you are my family.  That our home really is a home, and not just a flat.  That I want to build a life with you.  Not just be your flatmate, or your partner, or whatever we’ve been.  And while that’s definitely scary, and not something I saw for myself, it also rekindled this desire I’ve always had…”
Sherlock nodded, and reached back out for John’s hand again.  “I like this part, anyway,” he said as he recommenced running his thumb over John’s knuckles.  “It already feels familiar.”
Tim nodded.  “Well, I would have.  It’s cool that they come to you!  But Sophie wanted to see the ice creams.  She likes to choose, you know.  Look at them, and that.  She’s only 6.”
John stiffened a bit beside Sherlock.  Sherlock felt this immediately, and hastened to clarify, “Oh, don’t take that the wrong way.  I don’t feel sorry for myself, and I don’t need you to feel sorry for me either.  I just… I’m 36 years old and I’ve never had anyone tell me they loved me.  Or… you know… show me they love me… like you just did.  And I’m trying to tell you how much that means to me.  Clearly not very well.”
